Eternal Knights
Dark Predator

Lady Li Andre

Copyright 2013, 2021 Lady Li Andre
Smashwords Edition

Thank you for downloading this ebook. You are welcome to share it with your friends. This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes, provided the book remains in its complete original form. If you enjoyed this book, please return to your favorite ebook retailer to discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.

This is a work of fiction. The characters and events portrayed here are fictitious or used fictitiously. Any similarity to real persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental and not intended by the author.

Discover other titles by Lady Li Andre at Smashwords.com
Table of Contents
Part 1 - Skepticism
Part 2 - Leap of Logic
Part 3 - Beast Tracker
Part 4 - The Edge
Part 5 - Into Darkness
Part 6 - Guilt Trip
Part 7 - Reflections
Part 8 - The Avenger
Epilogue
Hope for a Dream
Part 1 - Skepticism
How many times had she stood in that very spot? The spot itself was about the only thing that hadn’t changed. The floor was still the same colorless scuffed and cracked linoleum. She glanced up at the wall where the plain round clock, whose tick used to drive her insane, once hung. It had been replaced by an efficient silent digital box with blinking sideways red-dot eyes. 
Her gaze wandered to the space once occupied by the old metal monstrosity of a desk that had boomed if you accidentally kicked it, where the huge humming typewriter that had tapped out a confident rhythm under strong fingers, had been planted forever. The desk had been exchanged for a slender model with fake wood grain. The typewriter was gone. In its place stood a sleek thin screen tethered by neatly wrapped cords in front of which, sat a silent partner of cushioned keys. She was almost tempted to kick the desk, just to see if it would make a noise.
Her cell phone buzzed somewhere deep in one of the pockets of her coat. Her heart skipped a beat. Before she could dig it out, a plaintive rhapsody began to serenade the empty void that surrounded her. The tiny melody made the silence even more oppressive.
She finally found it. She glanced briefly at the display, not recognizing the number, and accepted the call. “Hello?” The sound of her own voice made her shiver.
“Aden! Is that you?”
The cheerful greeting puzzled her. Somewhere from the shadowy recesses a memory emerged. “Diana?”
“Yeah! How are ya, kid?”
She was at a loss for words. A different set of fuzzy memories threatened to cloud her eyes but she forced them back into their mental box. “How did you get my number?”
The little annoying giggle sounded even worse through the speaker. “Sarah, of course! She said you’d gone out of town on business and that I should try you on your cell.”
“Oh, I see.” Aden couldn’t think of anything else to say.
It didn’t really matter. Diana chattered away incoherently about all the wonderful things she’d been doing with her career and family. Aden missed the final question and was startled by the silence on the other end. Diana repeated her question. “Well? Will you come?”
“I don’t know.” Aden scrambled, trying to decode the last few minutes of babble and figure out what Diana had actually asked her.
“Oh, come on, Aden. It will be like the good old days. Just our little gang gathered around the corner booth down at Georgie’s.”
The smell of fresh baked bread smothered in thick tomato sauce and melted mozzarella came back to her. Her stomach must have remembered it, too. She shook the memory away. “I’m kind of busy right now.”
Diana laughed. “You’re as bad as Michael. He’s so busy he won’t even return my calls.”
Just the mention of his name made Aden tremble. The mental box threatened to release its voices but she managed to control it. “I’ll have to look at my schedule.”
“We’ve got about a month before the date.” 
Aden glanced at the plain block three-month calendar pinned to the cork on the wall. The abrupt change of script near the beginning of April was startling. “I’ll think about it.”
She could tell Diana was pouting. “It’s more for Linda and Ryan, you know. They are the only official couple that actually survived.”
Aden’s throat closed around her response. The mental box began to seep images. She shut her eyes to block them out.
The front door of the office whooshed open, allowing a swirl of cold to enter. She opened her eyes and was momentarily shaken until the tears blinked out of the way. The new sheriff shut the door.
“I have to go. I’ll call you when I get a chance to look at my calendar.”
Diana sighed. “Well, I’ll send you a text of the contact list. I’ve got everyone’s number on it.”
“That’s fine.” Was his number on it, too? “I’ll talk with you later. Bye.” She disconnected the call before Diana had an excuse to keep talking.
“Wow. You must have the right company and found one of those sacred spots.”
She looked up at Sam and almost missed her pocket. “What?”
“You managed to get coverage.” He went to his desk. “There aren’t too many places in town where that happens. Annie calls them sacred spots.”
“Oh.” The last time she’d been here, no one had cell phones or thought about signal range or coverage areas. She glanced back at the calendar. It had been almost twenty-one years since high school graduation.
Sam looked at her. “How are you doing?”
Aden wasn’t sure. “I’ll be okay.” She pushed the thoughts of Diana’s reunion plans away and tried to focus.
He shuffled the stack of papers on his desk into an orderly pile. “I thought Ben did a fine job with the eulogy yesterday.”
She managed to nod. “Is there anything left here at the office I need to deal with?”
Sam looked over at the empty desk. “I took care of all the paper work.” He swung around and pointed at the gun locker. “There are the guns. He used his own so they technically belong to you now.”
Aden glanced at the arsenal on display behind the wired glass of the locked cabinet. She got the faint odor of bluing. How many nights had he cleaned them at the kitchen table while she worked on homework at the other end?
“Aden, your father was a good man.” Sam’s voice broke. He covered his eyes with a hand. “I just wish he’d said something. Anything.”
She didn’t know what to say. She watched Sam pull himself backed together and wished she could do that as easily. She closed her eyes and listened to her own heartbeat.
 Sam’s chair squeaked. “So what are you going to do now?”
Aden wandered over to her father’s empty desk. “I don’t know. I’ve taken a leave of absence from work.” She leaned on the edge. “I doubt they even miss me.”
Sam chuckled. “From what Alan said, you’ve done well for yourself. Got some fancy job at some big firm in Seattle.”
Aden shook her head. “Daddy always did like to exaggerate. The company is big enough, nation wide. But I’m just a claims adjuster. Nothing fancy about that.”
Sam leaned forward and planted his arms on the desk. “Alan said you got a degree in Criminal Justice.”
She laughed. “At the worst time in the history of US economy! Departments were laying off people left and right. I was lucky to get a job at all.” It certainly wasn’t the one she’d hoped for. She’d given up her dreams of courtroom cases and dramatic testimonies leading to cutting edge decisions. She’d left it all behind eighteen years ago when her world had fallen apart.
She looked over at Sam. “I’m not sure what I’m going to do about the house. The mortgage is paid off but who would want to buy it?”
“You could always stay here.”
She stared at him. “And do what?”
Sam looked around the office. “Well, Sweetvale is going to need a new deputy.”
Aden couldn’t even laugh. “You’ve got to be kidding! This town is almost dead. How are they going to pay another law officer?” She got up and went to the large window at the front of the office. “It’s not like this is a heavy crime area, Sam.”
He steepled his fingers. “No, I suppose not. It was just a thought.”
Aden turned and studied his expression. He looked lost. Was he missing her father, too? “I’m sorry, Sam. I just can’t stay here.”
He shuffled papers around on the desk, reorganizing stacks. His voice trembled. “Well, I’ll get all the paper work on the hardware together so we can get them transferred to your name.”
Aden closed her eyes. What was she going to do with all her father’s guns? “Sam, I don’t need them. Why don’t you keep them?”
Sam looked up at her. His face seemed to droop. “It’s just not the same without him.”
Muffled shouts made her turn to stare out the large plate glass through the golden backwards letters. “They don’t seem very happy.” The truck door slammed and the engine roared to life. Wheels spun on gravel and the truck rumbled away.
Sam leaned back in his chair and looked up at the ceiling. “Some days are better than others.”
Aden watched the woman on the café steps turn and go back inside. Was it her fault Cindy was in such a bad mood? She’d seemed cold and distant when they greeted each other before the funeral. She hadn’t kept in touch. Aden realized that. She’d hardly spoken to her own father. They had exchanged the mandatory cards at Christmas and birthdays but not much beyond that. Now he was gone.
Sam sighed. “I’ll have to talk to Daniel about his reckless driving. Sweetvale is a small town but there’s no excuse for tearing up the street like that.”
Aden turned away from the window and studied the new sheriff. He looked almost too old to be sitting at that desk. His short military cut reminded her of faded toothbrush bristles, more gray than white. He was her father’s age but she couldn’t think of him as old. She’d known him forever. 
Her thoughts drifted in the past. Had things improved between Sam and Daniel? She wasn’t sure how to test those waters. She chose a different angle. “How long have they been married?”
His chair squeaked as he leaned forward and tried to busy himself. “I don’t know. About sixteen years now, I guess.”
Aden closed her eyes. She hadn’t even come home for her best friend’s wedding. She couldn’t imagine why Cindy and Daniel had stayed here. The town seemed empty. “How do they make ends meet?”
“Dan got on with the Forest Service when the timber companies moved out. He’d been a top cruiser back then. But now he mostly keeps an eye out for signs of illegal harvesting. He does some sampling when they need it. Odds and ends.” 
He leaned back again and crossed his arms over his chest. His eyelids seemed to droop. “Cindy still works with her mom. They live upstairs across the hall from her in the main building.” Sam shook his head. “Don’t know how Annie manages to keep that place going. There seems to be less tourism every year. Who the heck wants to come up here to the middle of nowhere?”
Aden nodded. It was about as far as you could get from anything. When you got to Sweetvale, you turned around and looked back at nowhere. She locked her teeth. That had been one of her mother’s sayings.
Both phones rang simultaneously and Sam unconsciously hit the intercom button. “Sweetvale Sheriff’s Department.”
“Sam, thank goodness you’re there! This is so awful. I can’t believe this is happening.”
“Kathy! Calm down and tell me what’s going on.” 
The caller took a breath. “I had gotten a call from a motorist. He said he’d thought he hit some animal and he swerved and ended up in the ditch. He’d gotten out to check on the damage when he called. I was just getting ready to call Clem for the tow truck when everything got crazy. I think the animal might have attacked him!”
Sam’s face grew serious. “Why do you think that?”
“Well, I could hear snarling and the man started cursing. Then he screamed and the line went dead. Oh, Sam!”
Sam grabbed a notepad from the drawer and started to write. “Did he say where he was?”
“He’d just gotten off the main road and was heading up toward Sweetvale.”
“All right, I’ll go check it out.” 
Sam hit the button on the intercom to disconnect the call and looked over at Aden. “I know you said you weren’t interested in the job but I wouldn’t mind if you’d care to back me up on this one. I don’t like the idea of going up against a possibly wounded and dangerous animal on my own.”
Aden saw the desperation on his face and she could hear it in his tone. Would she have let her father go out alone under those circumstances? “Of course I’ll come.”
Sam tossed her a set of keys. “Pull out some rifles and ammo. I’m going to give Clem a call so he can bring the rescue squad. This guy could be hurt bad.”
Aden unlocked the gun cabinet and pulled out a couple of rifles and their munitions. She checked the barrels automatically. She hadn’t handled a weapon since she’d finished academy but it came back to her easily enough. She just hoped she wouldn’t need to use it.
Sam hung up the phone and took the gun that Aden handed him. “Kathy’s usually pretty level headed. It must be bad if it’s got her so ruffled.”
Aden followed him out into the chill. “Who is she?”
“County dispatch. She handles all the 911 calls for this area.” He unlocked one of the two SUVs that sat in the graveled space in front of the Sheriff’s Office.
Aden glanced over at the other one. She recognized her father’s old coffee mug still sitting on the dash and turned her back to it. Sam reached over and unlocked her door. She opened it and slid the rifle into the gun rack between the seats.
Sam started the engine. “Let’s go see what we can do for this guy.”
Aden automatically buckled the seat belt. She felt the buzz of her phone and fished it out of her pocket. It was the text from Diana. Curiosity drove her to open it. There were sixteen numbers on the list. Hers was the first. Right under her name was his. Michael Cline. It looked so sterile on her screen.
“That’s some impressive phone if you still have coverage.”
She closed the message and slipped the phone back into her pocket. “No, it was a text. I just opened it. You don’t need much signal to do that.”
“Sorry, too new newfangled for me. To me, text is something you type with a keyboard or read in a book.” He laughed. “You wouldn’t believe how long it took us to get a computer. Alan was always more comfortable with an old fashioned typewriter.”
Aden closed her eyes, trying not to remember.
“So, was it something important?”
“What?”
“The message.”
“Oh, no, just a friend keeping in touch.” She hadn’t heard from Diana in eighteen years. Why now? She didn’t want to think about it. “Who’s Clem?”
“He’s lots of things.” Sam laughed. “A mechanic, tow truck driver, and pretty much all that’s left of our EMT crew. Oh, there’s a few other folks that we can call on for big stuff but they live farther out from town so we don’t bother them if we don’t need to.” Sam took his foot off the gas. “Looks like there’s something up ahead.”
Aden focused on the road. The red and blue light reflected off of a windshield. “I don’t see any movement.” Sam pulled off the road onto gravel. She surveyed the small dusty car leaning at an odd angle in the ditch.
Sam turned off the engine but kept the lights whirling. “Wonder where the guy is? I didn’t see anyone walking toward town.”
Aden unbuckled and reached for the door. “If he’s hurt, he could be on the ground.”
Sam put a hand on her arm. “Better take the gun with you. If he was attacked, we could still have a dangerous animal in the area.”
Aden looked at the rifle and nodded. He let her go and grabbed his own. She took the rifle and got out of the squad. It felt strangely heavy in her hands. The red and blue swirls cast rotating shadows through the trees along the road. The overcast sky seemed to reflect the light back on top of them. The air smelled of pine and the possibility of snow.
“Wonder what happened?” Sam pulled the flashlight from his belt and shown a beam of light into the dim interior of the car. “No one inside.”
Aden began studying the ground behind the car and found the skid tracks. They were far more vivid than the pictures she was accustomed to dealing with on her desktop screen. Years of practice helped her decode the events as if the driver stood there himself describing them. “He swerved there.” She pointed to the first set of marks. She moved forward, tracing the patterns on the pavement as she passed the vehicle. She pointed to the ridges of crushed rock. “He locked up his brakes and hit gravel here.” She turned to the back of the car and noticed the pothole. “And blew the right front, which pulled him into the ditch. He must have been going slow enough by then that it didn’t roll.” She looked at the front of the car, noting the dent in the bumper and the slightly shiny cast of red on the metal. “He definitely hit something.”
Sam whistled. “Alan said you were good. He wasn’t kidding.” He was on the other side of the car, moving toward the back. He stopped. “Looks like it hit back.”
The tone of his voice made her tense. She glanced over at where he stood, looking down at the ground. She knew it was going to be bad. She began moving around the car.
“Aden, you might not want to see this.”
“I deal with hundreds of accident cases a year, Sam. There’s very little I haven’t seen.” She stopped and looked down. The mangled body was almost unrecognizable. Her gut clenched. This wasn’t a picture on a screen. She could smell the blood, almost taste it in the air. She clenched her teeth and swallowed. 
A distant high wail echoed down the road. Sam shook his head and sighed. “Well, Clem’s almost here. Won’t do this guy any good.”
Aden stared at the mangled mass, trying to decipher the twisted angles. “What do you think got him?” 
Sam leaned forward and looked over the remains for a moment. “I don’t know. Maybe a bear or mountain lion?”
The rescue squad rounded the corner and slowed down so it could pull in behind the Sheriff rig. The wail faded and the silent forest seemed to relax in relief. The squad’s intense red beacons continued to rotate as a man stepped out.
Sam sighed. “I’d better go help Clem with the wheeled stretcher and tell him he won’t need anything fancy.”
Aden continued staring at the victim as Sam walked away. She’d gotten used to grisly photographs over the years she’d worked at the firm. Death was nothing new to her. This was different. This was so much more real than any of the images had ever been. The bile rose in her throat but she fought it down. She’d never been the queasy type. 
Michael had liked that about her. He used to take great pleasure in grossing others out with his tales from class of dissections and cadavers. She’d never batted an eye, not even when he’d shown her the pictures he was going to use for his big term project - grossly bloated and twisted bodies from different animal attacks. She’d helped him scan dozens of photos. He’d worked for months on that project and was pleased to receive the highest marks in his class. He had created a methodology of identifying the attacking animal based on the bite and claw signatures. It was an amazing achievement for a pre-med student.
Her fingers found the phone in her pocket and she brought it out. She leaned the gun against the car and tapped the screen. There was no signal but the camera didn’t need one. She began snapping images, trying to duplicate the angles and dimensions that Michael had used for his method.
“What are you up to, Aden?”
“Taking some pictures. I have a friend who might be able to identify the animal that did this.”
 “That’s impressive.”
The new voice startled her. She stopped and turned around. The ambulance driver stood behind Sam, his face creased with a half grin. 
“Clem, this is Aden, Alan’s daughter. She came along to give me a hand.”
Clem nodded to her. “Wish it were on better circumstances.” He began unstrapping the harness of the wheeled stretcher.
Sam laid a black case on the ground and unzipped the lid. He pulled a digital camera out. “Since you’re snapping pictures, could you get some for the report?”
“Sure.” Aden closed her phone’s camera and took Sam’s. She photographed the standard set while Sam took some quick measurements. 
Clem looked over the remains. “Looks like whatever did this was pretty pissed off. The body appears shredded.”
Aden swallowed hard. She’d never seen an animal do that to anything, even another animal it was going to eat. “That’s an understatement.” She finished up the picture set and handed the camera back.
Sam looked thoughtfully at the camera. “Do you really think your friend could tell what did this?”
Aden shuddered, remembering all the gruesome photos she had helped Michael collect. “He created an identification method based on photographic evidence. It was good enough to get noticed by several law enforcement agencies.”
Sam looked at her. “Maybe you could give him a call. It would be a lot easier to track this animal if I knew what I was looking for.”
Aden’s mouth felt like she’d swallowed a cotton ball. She struggled to pull in air.
Clem tapped Sam on the shoulder. “Are we ready to move this, boss?”
Sam cleared his throat. “Let’s get this over with. Aden, you might want to step away while we take care of this.” He pulled a pair of blue flimsy gloves from his back pocket and looked back at Clem. “It’s sure not pretty.”
Clem chuckled softly. “It never is.”
Aden decided to take Sam’s advice and moved away from the carnage. She looked at her phone and began walking down the road. The driver had gotten cell reception here.
The small symbol on the screen changed and a couple short bars appeared next to it. Aden swallowed and pulled up the text message. Her hands shook as she keyed in the number. Diana had said that Michael had been too busy to return her calls. Would he even answer?
Her thumb hovered over the send button. What would she say to him? What if it went to voice mail? That would be worse.
Aden almost hit the end button but stopped. She looked back toward the scene where Sam and Clem were strapping the body bag to the wheeled stretcher. She closed her eyes and pressed send.
After a pause that felt like eternity, the phone began to ring. After the third ring, she moved her thumb to the end button but the ringing stopped. A voice answered. “Hello?”
Her throat went dry and her jaw locked. She swallowed hard. “Michael?”
She heard the gasp across the invisible air waves and wondered what must be going through his mind. She could hear him putting something down and prayed she hadn’t interrupted anything important.
“If this is about the reunion,” His voice sounded tense.
“No.” She struggled to control the shake. “It’s not. It’s actually about an animal attack.”
“What?” 
She heard the confusion in his tone. “The project you did your second year. The one on animal attacks?”
“Oh, that.” She could hear him breathing. “I can’t believe you even remembered that.”
“It’s just,” How was she going to explain this? “A motorist was killed by some kind of animal. I have the photos. Could you identify the animal if I sent them to you?”
He paused for a long moment. “Aden, it’s been a long time since I did that project.”
Eighteen years. They seemed even longer to her. And he must be busy. He probably had his own practice by now. “I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have disturbed you.” She moved her finger toward the end button.
“No, Aden, please.” She could hear him swallow. “Things are just a little crazy at work right now.” 
She could hear the sounds of people talking and things moving in the background. What if she had interrupted a surgery or something? “I’m sorry.”
“Look, let me give you my personal email address. Send them to me on that account.” He paused. “I’ll have a look at them and call you back later today.”
He started giving her the address. “Wait, I don’t have anything to write with. I have to open the notepad on my phone.”
Someone on the other end of the line called his name. “Just give me yours and I’ll send you a blank so you have mine.”
She rattled off her personal email without even thinking about it.
“Wow, you never changed it.”
“No, I guess I didn’t.” He’d helped her come up with it almost twenty years ago.
His name was called again. “I have to go.”
“I know you’re busy. It will take me some time to get these to you.” She didn’t know what else to say. “Thanks. Bye.”
“Later.”
The call ended. She stood staring at the phone for a moment until she realized Sam was standing next to her. “Are you okay, Kiddo?”
He and her father were the only two people who had ever called her that. She almost lost control. “I’m okay. I just need to check my email so I can send these photos.”
“No problem. You can use the computer back at the office.”
Aden held up her phone to protest but Clem whistled to get their attention.
“Let’s go see what Clem has found.” Sam turned and walked briskly back toward the wreck. Aden had to jog to keep up.
Clem was looking over the car. “Looks like this guy was probably headed up to town hoping for a gas station. He was almost on empty. Distances out here surprise people.”
Aden nodded. “Do we know who he is?”
“We found his wallet.” Sam showed her the driver’s license.
“I could look up his record for you.”
Sam grinned. “Does that mean you’re accepting the job?”
Aden looked away. “I’m sorry. This is your case. I’m just so used to dealing with that at work.”
She felt Sam’s hand on her arm. “Aden, it’s okay. I didn’t mean it that way. I’d appreciate the help.”
Clem broke the tension. “I’ll come back later with the tow truck and pick up the car. I want to get this guy into the morgue and give the county a call.”
Aden looked at Clem. “You have a morgue?” Things had certainly changed.
Clem grinned back at her. “We do now. I built it myself.”
Aden had a brief image of an old ice cooler that had sat on the porch of Annie’s Café forever. She looked at Clem. He winked at her and got into the rescue squad.
Sam slapped the side of the vehicle. “I’ll get the scene wrapped up and give you a call when we’re finished.”
Clem waved a hand out of the window, turned off the red lights, and backed up so he could turn around.
Sam went back to the case on the ground and pulled out a record book and measuring tape. He looked over at Aden. “Could I ask for your help? Things would go a lot faster with two people doing this.”
“Of course.” Aden took the end of the tape and helped Sam mark out the scene. She’d learned the protocols back in school and dealt with the results everyday on the job. It was fascinating for her to assist with an actual accident scene in person. She’d certainly appreciate the work of the field officers more when she went back to her job.
They spent several hours detailing everything. Sam finally closed the notebook. “I’m going to give Clem a call and let him know we’re done here.” He pulled a car tag from the back of the record book and added the date. “Put this on the back window, will you?”
Aden peeled the backing off the sticker and applied it. She glanced around at the surrounding forest, wondering where the animal had gone to, and then joined Sam in the squad. He turned over the engine.
Aden reached to fasten her seat belt and realized the rifle was back in the gun rack. She hadn’t kept track of it! How many lectures had her father delivered concerning weapon safety? She tried to think back to where she’d left it.
“It’s okay, Aden. I found it leaning against the side of the car where you were taking pictures.”
She looked over at Sam. “I’m sorry. I should have kept it with me. The animal could have still been out there.”
“Doubt it. There wasn’t much left of the guy. He hardly weighed anything.”
She shuddered and turned to watch the forest retreat as they entered town. She’d grown up there but had left as soon as she graduated from high school. Had the town always looked so shabby and empty? There didn’t seem to be much to it. Annie’s Café and Motel looked faded against the light gray sky. She could see the little cabins behind the main building, tucked in amongst the trees. The service station stood next to it. The old red pumps had been replaced with new ones that could read credit cards. They seemed out of place. Beside the garage was the new brick fire station. She noticed that Clem was starting up the tow truck. He pulled out and stopped in the road.
Sam paused next to the truck and rolled down his window so he could shout over to Clem. “Do you need any help with that?”
“No worries. I got it. Just wondered if you had any special requests.”
“It looks pretty clear. Just bring it in.”
Clem nodded and drove away.
Sam parked the rig next to the other one in front of the Sheriff’s Office. She sat for a moment, watching a few stray snow flakes drift down. “It seems late for snow.”
“Don’t worry, it won’t stick. We melted out last month already.”
She took the rifle and got out. Sam took his and went toward the door. Aden turned around and looked down the street toward the last house in town. How many times had she walked with him between these two buildings?
 “Aden? I can get you logged on.”
She sighed and turned back to the office. She didn’t really need to log on as her phone could easily get to her email but she didn’t want to offend Sam. She managed a polite smile. “Thanks.”
Inside, the building seemed too warm. She set the gun in the standing rack and stripped off her coat. Sam was sitting at the new desk, bringing the computer terminal to life. He turned in the chair and looked up at her. “We only have the one computer.” He shook his head. “Alan still preferred to do most of the records by hand.” He turned back to the machine as the quaint tones announced the arrival of the log in screen. He typed in the password and got out of the chair. “It’s all yours.”
Aden sat down at the unfamiliar desk and stared at the screen for a moment. Sam went to his own desk and pulled out blank forms to start the report. She finally put her fingers on the keyboard and found her way to the internet.
The email was there. She hesitated, wondering what Michael must have been thinking as he sent it. He hadn’t put much in the content, just a quick apology for not having more time to write anything.
She pulled out her phone and found there was sufficient signal. She opened the phone’s internet, found the email, and attached the photos. She stared at the message space for a moment, not knowing what to say. Perhaps that had been the problem for so long. She sighed and typed a quick apology for not sending them sooner and pressed the send button.
Sam got up and brought the driver’s wallet over. “Since you’re on, and you did offer earlier, maybe you could look this up for me?”
“Sure.” She took the wallet and looked at the driver’s license. “He was from California.”
“Probably a tourist. A lot of folks use the main line to get between I-5 and the coast.”
She opened the database, clicked on California, and entered his number. His record came up in moments. “No wants or warrants. Not so much as a parking ticket.” She wondered what kind of person he had been. “I can call the local department and have them make the notifications.”
“Please do. Clem just brought the car in. I want to go over and help him get it unhooked and parked.” He grabbed his coat and left the office.
Aden made the call to the driver’s home town department. She’d never had to deal with that side of it before. After hanging up, she picked up the wallet and noticed the insurance card. “Wow, the guy was with our company.” She shook her head and dialed the reporting line without looking at the number. She fell into familiar routines as she filed the report.
 “Aden, I hope I’m not disturbing you.”
Her heart skipped a beat. She looked up. Ben was standing in the doorway, carrying a vase of flowers. Aden moved her hands away from the keys. “Oh, sorry. I didn’t hear you come in.”
He brought the flowers in and set them on the desk. “Maggie thought you might like these. They are from yesterday’s service.”
Aden stared at the arrangement in a sensible yellow ceramic vase. She doubted it was really from Maggie. “How nice.”
“Sam told me what happened. What a terrible tragedy. I stopped by to see if you wanted to pray about it.”
Aden worked hard to control her reaction. Ben had said some kind words over her father’s grave and she didn’t want to offend him. “I’m doing fine, but thank you. I’ve just about finished things here and then I need to get back to the house. There are still things I have to box up before I leave.”
“I understand. Maggie had wanted to stop by today but she got a call from one of her clients this morning. Midwives are always on duty, much like your father was.”
Aden nodded, not knowing what to say. The skin on the back of her neck began to itch. “Well, hopefully I’ll get a chance to see Maggie before I leave.”
“She said you were one of her best friends when you were in school. Clara spoke of you a few times, as well.”
Aden had always liked Maggie’s mother. She’d missed so much over the years. “I was surprised that Maggie wasn’t married with her own family by now. She always had such a way with younger kids.”
Ben sighed. “All in the Lord’s good time, I’m sure. She hasn’t found the right person to share her life with yet. It’s a serious undertaking.” He looked down at her over the rim of his glasses. “What about you?”
The mental box of memories flared but she suppressed it tightly. “I’ve had a few good friends.”
“Ask the Lord to guide you and I’m sure the right man will come into your life.”
The room had begun to feel uncomfortably warm. She glanced out the window and noticed Sam crossing the street heading back to the office. She was relieved. “I really do need to finish this up.”
“Of course.” Ben turned as Sam came in. “Good evening, Sam. It seems Aden is just as conscientious as her father.” He put on his hat and wrapped his scarf around his neck. “The Lord’s blessings to both of you.”
“Good night, Ben.” He nodded to the preacher then came over to the desk. “You look a little flush. Are you okay?”
A shiver went down her spine. She didn’t want to admit how uncomfortable Ben had made her feel. “It’s nothing.” She lifted up the flowers to reveal the dripping green foam. “I was afraid of that.” She looked up at Sam. “Why do they give people dead flowers?” She shuddered. She didn’t want to think about any more dead things.
Sam moved them to a small table between a couple of plastic chairs by the front window. “How’s your investigation going?”
She gathered up all the things she’d taken out of the wallet and put them back inside. “The notifications have been made and I called the insurance company.”
Sam took the wallet. “If you work this hard all the time, your employer must really be missing you.”
Aden sank back into the chair and frowned. “They probably haven’t noticed I’m gone. I’m just a nameless face among many in the office. I don’t really associate with most of the people I work with.”
“That’s a shame.” He locked the wallet and other personal effects in the safe. “Can I buy you dinner? Annie has some great specials on the board tonight.”
She really didn’t want to go back to the house yet. “Sure, why not.”
She got up and stretched. Sam laughed. “You’ve been in that chair too long.” He helped her put on her coat. “Better button up. It’s gotten cold.”
She went out and he turned off the lights and shut the door behind them. The air felt frozen but the flurries had stopped. The clouds had broken and patches of sky, still colored by sunset, shone through. Aden dug her hands into her pockets and walked down the street with Sam to Annie’s Café.
Sam held the door open for her. “Ladies first.”
Aden smiled and went inside. The warmth and good smells lifted her spirits. The main dining room was glowing with soft accent lights and flickering candles. A fire burned on the rough stone hearth. She sighed. This was one place she had missed. She glanced around the room. “Looks busy tonight.”
“We could take the table over there in the far corner.”
Aden followed Sam across the room and took off her coat. He pulled out a chair for her and she draped it across the back of it and sat down. “I still remember when we used to study for exams. Annie would make a big pot of coffee and we’d sit here until the wee hours of the morning.”
Sam pointed out the specials board and Aden considered the choices. She was distracted by a conversation at a near-by table. She looked at Sam and he shrugged. “It’s a small town.”
Aden listened to several other discussions around the room about the threat of the dangerous wild animal that had killed the motorist. “Do you think it really is that big of a threat?”
“It could be, especially if it’s injured. I’ll probably have to track it down and kill it before it becomes more of a problem.”
Aden had gone hunting with her father but the thought of killing something you weren’t planning to eat bothered her. “Maybe it won’t be an issue. Considering the damage to the car, he hit it pretty hard. With the cold, it might be dead by now.”
“Let’s hope so. I couldn’t make anything out of the stuff I found on the bumper. There wasn’t any hair, just blood.”
Aden didn’t really want to discuss that with dinner. She looked around and noticed Cindy taking an order at a table across the room. She glanced back at Sam. “Have you decided what you’re going to have?”
“You bet. I can smell the chicken roasting on the spit. That and a pile of Annie’s own dumplings.”
“That sounds tasty.” Aden hadn’t had dumplings since she left. She looked over to see if Cindy was heading in their direction yet and noticed Daniel coming in with an armload of wood. He set it down next to the fireplace and stood up. As he turned around, he looked in their direction. He smiled and began making his way across the room. Cindy cut him off halfway. Aden couldn’t hear what they were saying but she could tell Daniel wasn’t happy about it. His face went dark and he stalked back out through the service doors.
“Wonder what that was all about.”
Sam looked uncomfortable. “Best not speak of it right now.” He smiled warmly as Cindy came over. “Evening, Honey. How’s things?”
“Fine.” She ignored Aden and flipped to the next page on her pad. “What will you have?”
Aden’s chest tightened. They had been best friends once. Now Cindy wouldn’t even look at her. What had she done to make Cindy so upset with her?
Sam ordered for both of them and Cindy walked away. “Aden, it’s not you she’s mad at. It’s just been tough for her and Dan.”
Aden really wanted to believe that. She was startled when someone placed a hand on her shoulder. She turned and found Annie standing next to her. Annie bent down and gave her a hug. “Sorry, darlin’. I saw all that. Cinders has just been out of sorts lately.” She gave Sam a look that made Aden wonder what else was going on.
Aden could feel the tension in the older woman’s embrace. “It’s okay.” Annie let her go. Aden tried to relax but her body refused.
Annie looked across the table at Sam. “You’ve got the headlines tonight, Sheriff.”
Sam’s smile wavered. He cleared his throat. “Looks like business is good tonight.”
“Well enough. Good thing Joseph will be in tomorrow with fresh supplies.” 
Aden shivered. She felt as though she was caught between something but wasn’t sure what. She turned to watch the other people in the room, feeling like an outsider instead of someone who’d come home. It had been too long.
Cindy came back with two plates of food and Annie got out of the way so she could set them on the table. Cindy turned away without saying anything.
Aden felt the lump fill her throat and managed to swallow it. “Annie, is she mad at me about something?”
“It’s not you, Sugar. Don’t let it bother you.” She gave Aden another quick hug. “You enjoy that dinner and don’t worry yourself.” Annie went back toward the kitchen, clearing away some dishes as she passed through the tables.
The food steamed up from the plate and the smell won. She picked up the fork and began eating. She’d forgotten how good Annie’s dumplings were. 
Sam managed to put away everything on his plate. By the time Aden managed to finish a quarter of the food, she was stuffed. “This is so good but way more than I’m used to eating.”
 “Don’t worry. Nothing goes to waste around here. Whatever people don’t eat, someone’s critters do.”
An old man from another table brought his chair over. “Do you mind if I join you?”
Sam motioned to the empty space between their chairs. “Not at all, Henry. What’s on your mind?”
Henry sat down. “It’s all this talk about a dangerous injured animal. Do you think it was a bear out early or maybe a lion come down from the ridgeline? I’ve got my chickens and goats to think about.”
“We don’t know.” Sam chewed on a toothpick and looked over at Aden.” Seems like I’m going to need to go back down the road tomorrow and look around for some tracks. Have to know what I’m looking for before I can go looking.” He dropped the splinter on his empty plate. Sam looked back at Henry. “Just keep everything in for tonight.”
“Oh, that’s not a problem. They always come in at night. I was just starting to think about letting them into the upper field with the grass greening up and all.”
Sam put a hand on his chin. “Well, why don’t you give it a day or two yet until we know for sure that it’s either out of the area or dead. No use tempting it.”
Aden felt her coat vibrating and reached for her phone. She glanced at it and recognized Michael’s number. She looked up at Sam. “I’m just going to step out into the front entry so I can hear.”
He nodded and she answered the phone as she left the main room. His hello was a little shaky. “I didn’t call too late, did I?”
“No, it’s fine. I was just having dinner.”
He paused and Aden was afraid she’d lost the signal until he cleared his throat. “I looked over the photos.”
She could tell something was wrong. “What is it?”
“This doesn’t look like any animal attack I’ve ever seen. Where are you?”
“Western Oregon, out in the coastal range. The sheriff thinks it could be a mountain lion or bear.”
“I don’t think so.” There was a pause. “Where’s the body now?”
“Still here in Sweetvale, in the morgue.”
“Has the local medical examiner had a chance to look at the body?”
Aden managed to keep from laughing. “Sorry, but they don’t have one.”
She could hear him tapping on a keyboard. “I can’t even find it on a map. How far is it from Portland?”
“About three hours or so. It’s out near Newport.” 
There was another long pause. “Aden, I don’t know if I’m going to be able to identify the animal just by looking at the photos. Maybe when the autopsy results come back, I might be able to tell then.”
Aden closed her eyes and leaned back against the wall. “There are concerned folks around the area who are worried about their livestock. The sheriff really wants to go out looking for the animal but that’s hard without knowing what he’s looking for.” 
“The only way I could really be sure is to have a look at the remains myself, if there’s no one local who would mind.” He sighed. “I could probably have an answer with just a basic overview.”
Aden felt her heart beating. He wanted to come here? “It would actually help the sheriff out. I’m sure it wouldn’t be a problem.”
“I still don’t know where you are.”
Aden struggled to control the shaking of her body. “I could send you directions and a map.”
“Okay.” He was quiet for another long moment. “I could probably get someone to fill in for me at work.” He paused again. “I’ll try to be out there in the morning.”
Her heart was pounding so hard she wondered if he could hear it over the phone. She shut her eyes. “That’s great. I’ll let the sheriff know.” She wasn’t sure what else to say.
“Good. I guess I’ll see you tomorrow then.”
She managed to say goodbye and disconnect. Aden stood in the entry until another couple came out and almost walked into her. She apologized and went back inside the main room. 
Sam was staring at a mostly empty plate with incriminating crumbs on it. Aden wasn’t sure she wanted to know what else he had managed to eat.
He looked up at her. “Any news?”
Aden felt her knees buckling and grabbed the back of the chair for support. “He couldn’t tell what animal it was from the photos. He wants to come out and examine the body. I hope you don’t mind that I told him to come and have a look.”
“Not at all.” Sam got up and left some money on the table. “I’ll let Clem know he’s coming.”
Aden put on her coat and followed him out into the chilly night. Stars twinkled but there was a hazy ring around the moon. She remembered sitting on the front porch a lifetime ago with her father on a cold night like this one. The old rhyme came out. “Ring around the moon, expect fog to come soon.”
Sam looked up. “It does look that way, doesn’t it?” Then he pointed at the lit window above the service station. “Clem’s got an apartment upstairs. I’ll just drop in and let him know.”
She nodded. “I’ll see you in the morning then.” He walked toward a set of stairs on the side of the building and she walked down the dark street. There were no streetlights in Sweetvale but the moonlight was enough. She could see a light in the entryway of the post office and one over the door of the Sheriff’s Office. A few dim twinkles shown from the distant hillsides around the valley.
She sighed and pulled the phone out of her pocket. She flipped it open but found no bars on the screen. She walked toward the Sheriff’s Office until a small bar appeared. She was almost to the rigs in the gravel parking area. She walked up the steps and finally got enough signal to open her email.
Aden’s fingers were cold. Working on the tiny keypad was challenging. She was shivering by the time she hit the send button. She closed the phone and put it back in her pocket. She tucked her hands under her arms and walked up the street toward the house.
Aden went up the porch steps and wished she’d left a light on inside. The house felt cold and empty. She wasn’t looking forward to spending another night there. She wondered how long it would take her to finish things up so she could go back to the rest of her life. 
She closed the front door. Aden went up the stairs, paused briefly at the door of what had been her parents’ room, but then went along the stair railing to her own room. Her father had left it just as she had when she went away to college. It was like stepping back in time.
She hadn’t paid much attention to the room the previous night. She’d been too exhausted. The long drive begun in the wee hours of the morning, coupled with the emotional fatigue of the funeral, had dulled her mind. Now she stood in the doorway as if assessing a scene. With the exception of the duffel bag on the chair, this had been who she was almost twenty-one years ago. Her eyes scanned the room critically and realized how plain it seemed to her now.
A picture on the bedside table caught her attention. She sat on the bed and reached for it. Five smiling faces looked back at her, full of dreams for the future. The Fantastic Five her father had called them. Annie had a slightly different nickname for their collective. Aden started to laugh but ended up crying. She put the picture down and curled into her pillow.
Some time in the night, the cold finally woke her. She glanced at the clock but the blinking numbers warned her not to trust the time it displayed. The darkness outside was enough. She turned off the light, kicked off her shoes, and pulled the blankets over her shivering body.
It was much harder to get out of the blankets when morning finally came. It was gray outside the window. The moon had told the truth. She looked at her rumpled clothes in disgust. She showered and dressed quickly. The chill of the house hurried her along.
Aden looked through the kitchen. The cupboards were empty. Someone had cleaned out all the food. The thought of a warm breakfast at Annie’s was comforting. She pulled on her coat and headed out into the fog.
The surreal world swirled around her, so different from the crisp sharp lines of the day before. She noticed the lights were on in the office. The previous day came back to haunt her. He was coming. She had no idea what time he’d arrive. Her stomach no longer felt hungry.
Sam was in the office when she entered. He had a pot of coffee on and offered her a cup. Aden wrinkled up her nose, missing her latte. The warmth of the office was climatic after the cold outside. She pulled off her coat and laid it over the back of the chair. 
He handed her a document that still smelled of toner. “This was in the inbox this morning.”
Aden briefly glanced over the confirmation of notification. “I feel sorry for the family.” The door of the office swished open. She braced herself and turned around.
A heavy set man in a bulky overcoat entered. “Morning. Sheriff Taylor?”
Aden relaxed. Sam stood up and extended his hand. “Sam Taylor. And you are?”
The man shook his hand. “Jack Donner.” He dug a business card out of his pocket and offered it to Sam.
“What can I do for you, Mr. Donner?” Sam glanced down at the card and frowned. “Image Interpretation. What exactly is that?”
“I’m a photojournalist. Freelance, mostly. A friend of mine at the State Patrol dropped me a note concerning the motorist that was attacked and killed up here yesterday. I think it may be connected to a story I’ve been working on.”
“Oh?” Sam sat on the edge of his desk. “I can’t imagine that too many motorists are killed by animals that they hit on the road. I’d think this would be a pretty unique incident.”
“There have been a number of people attacked by animals lately. This one might be linked to those other incidents. I’d really like to see the body.”
Sam frowned and shook his head. “Mr. Donner, this guy hit an animal with his car and obviously injured it. When he got out to check on the damage to his car, it attacked and killed him. That’s all.”
Jack got out a small notebook and flipped to a page. “Did the victim look as though it had been mauled and have extensive bite wounds to the shoulders and neck?”
Aden thought back to the photos she had taken. She looked over at Sam and nodded slightly. 
Sam pursed his lips. “And where did these animal attacks occur?”
“Most of them in the Portland area but the state patrol did find a similar case last week just outside of Albany.”
“That’s quite a ways from here, Mr. Donner. I really don’t think this has anything to do with the story your working on.”
Jack pulled a photo out of the back of the notebook and handed it to Sam. “This was one of the victims in Portland.”
Sam shrugged and handed the photo to Aden. She braced herself before glancing at the image. Nothing could have prepared her for the carnage in the picture.
* * *

Michael turned off the stereo. He’d lost count of how many times the CD had repeated and he’d given up trying to find a radio station. He saw the sign for the road that Aden had indicated on the map. Right after it was a faded board that announced Sweetvale would be an additional three miles beyond the turn.
He turned off the highway and onto the smaller blacktopped side road. He’d only seen a handful of cars this morning and this road didn’t look like it got much use. He wondered what kind of case would have dragged Aden all the way out into the middle of this wilderness.
Mary had thought he was crazy when she dropped off the car late the night before. It was their mother’s little Mazda. Mary wouldn’t let their mother drive anymore, which was probably a good thing. Michael hadn’t told her at first where he needed to go but she’d drawn him out, as usual.
The misty fog swirled through the menacing trees and he noticed a deer near the edge of the road. He slowed down but it ignored him and didn’t even seem to flinch as he drove by. Maybe Mary had been right. He was crazy to come way out here. But he had to see Aden.
He’d almost lost it the day before when he’d heard her voice on the phone. How many years had it been? If Diana hadn’t left such a long and detailed message, he might not have known. Eighteen long years. He wondered for the millionth time what to expect. Mary had warned him not to set his hopes too high. People change.
The trees began to thin out and a clearing in the fog revealed a cluster of buildings. Well, he must be there. The sign for the post office appeared out of the fog to his left. He glanced right at the café and motel, noted the gas station with its bright florescent lights over the pumps, and saw the fire station. Looking left again, his eye caught the colored bar on the first Sheriff’s squad. Aden had mentioned the sheriff so he decided to start there. Lights seemed to be on inside. He parked next to a battered Honda and shut down the engine.
Michael sat for a moment letting the road vibration fade. What was Aden working on? She must be in some big fancy firm by now. He’d been envious at how easily she aced all the pre-law classes back in college. His throat tightened. He’d tried so long not to think about it anymore. Why hadn’t he called her? Why hadn’t she come back?
He looked through the window of the Sheriff’s Office. He could see movement beyond the stenciled gold letters that labeled the office as the Sweetvale Sheriff’s Department.
He wasn’t going to get any answers sitting out here. He swung out of the car and into the morning chill. It never seemed to get this cold in Portland. He reached back in and grabbed his coat. The quiet unsettled him. It was as if the fog absorbed all the sound. He took a deep breath and went toward the entrance.
Michael saw her through the glass of the door. His heart skipped a beat. She was dressed in comfortable but stylish clothes. Her black hair was pulled back in a bun. He had always liked her long hair. He swallowed down the memories and tried to focus on why he had come. He pulled open the door and walked inside.
Everyone turned to look at him but he hardly noticed the other two men in the room. He struggled to breathe and it wasn’t just the warmth of the room. He realized Aden had said something but he couldn’t process what it had been. Michael stumbled for something to say. “I’m sorry. It’s been a long drive.”
The sheriff grinned at him. “I’ve got some coffee made. Can I offer you a cup?”
“That would be great.” He managed to stop staring at Aden and was grateful for something else to focus on while he pulled himself together. He took the offered cup and added a couple sugar packets and little creamer tub. Aden came up beside him as he was swirling the mixture with a plastic straw.
“Thanks for coming out on such short notice.”
It sounded too professional to him. He turned and glanced at her. Her face looked drawn. Had she been getting enough sleep? He glanced at the others then back at her. “Not a problem. Glad I could help.” His own words sounded distant and hollow.
 “Look, can we just go see the body?”
Michael turned to study the other man in the room. He looked shabby. The old overcoat was worn in places and just barely covered the man’s midsection. He wheezed slightly. Michael glanced back at Aden and pointed at the guy.
Aden held a grin in check. “Sorry. That’s Jack Donner, a reporter from Portland.”
“That’s photojournalist, actually.”
The guy was touchy. “Noted.” Michael looked toward the Sheriff.
“And this is Sam Taylor, the Sheriff of Sweetvale.”
Sam held out his hand and Michael shook it, noting the confidence in the grip. “Thanks for letting me come out and have a closer look at the victim. There were just some details in the photos that didn’t make sense.”
“Not a problem, Doc. Aden said you were an expert at this kind of thing.”
Michael raised an eyebrow at her but she just handed him a picture she’d been holding. He took it and looked at the image. His gut tightened but he set his jaw. The woman’s body looked as though it had gone through a shredder. He managed to keep control and looked up at Aden. “Another victim?”
“A previous one according to Mr. Donner.”
He could tell by her tone that she hadn’t accepted that yet. Not wanting to look at it ever again, he set the picture face down on a nearby desk. “Well, let’s have a look at the current one.”
“Yes, let’s.”
The sheriff frowned. “Mr. Donner, I don’t believe you’ve been invited.”
Jack started to protest but Aden put up her hand. “Look, Sam. The notifications have been made. He might as well come along.” She picked up her coat. “The morgue is across the street.”
Michael fell into step beside her as they walked toward the back of the fire station. “So, was this guy a client?”
“What?”
“The deceased.”
“No, just a passing motorist.”
Michael looked around the small town. The fog had started to lift and it seemed brighter in patches. “So what brought you way out here?”
“Personal business.” She motioned for him to proceed through the door that Sam held open.
Michael couldn’t imagine what kind of business would draw anyone to this out of the way spot. He entered the fire station and followed the sheriff down a dimly lit narrow hallway toward a plain steel door that bore the metallic sticker label of morgue.
A thin man dressed in oil-stained overalls came from the other direction of the dim hallway. “Morning, Sam.”
“Hey, Clem. The doctor that Aden sent the photos to is here to have a look at the body.”
Michael’s throat tightened. Is that what she had told them? He glanced at her but she was staring at the door to the morgue.
Jack huffed. “We need to see the person in charge of the morgue.”
Clem grinned broadly. “That would be me.” He fished out a set of keys and went to the door.
Michael noted the look of disbelief on Jack’s face and grinned. He followed the others into the room. The cement block walls and smooth painted cement floor smelled of bleach. He noted the array of shiny metal doors, each with a small slot for a card. Only one slot was currently occupied.
 “Here you go, Doc.” Clem pulled the drawer open to reveal a body-sized black bag. 
Michael moved forward and stood next to the open drawer. He stared at the shiny black plastic surface for a moment, remembering the pictures Aden had sent him, and steeled himself for the gruesome reality. He glanced up at the others. Jack looked pale. Sam looked only a shade or two darker. Aden wore her best poker face. He remembered that look all too well. She was hell to play poker with. “You can step out if you’re not comfortable with this.” He wished he could.
They all remained motionless. Clem offered him a box of gloves and he pulled out a pair and slipped them on. He unzipped the bag and peered inside, keeping the open half between the victim and the others. The pictures hadn’t done it justice. He shook his head.
Clem walked around the other side of the drawer. “I could hold this up for you, if that would help.”
“Thanks.” Michael dug back into the recesses of his memory and began examining the body, paying particular attention to the obvious trauma wounds. The clinical perspective began to take over and he reexamined a few areas. He’d never seen anything like this before. What puzzled him most was the odd look of the body as a whole. It seemed squashed. He looked up at Clem. “Did you weigh this in?”
Clem nodded. “About 85 pounds.”
That couldn’t be right. “Are you sure? Was the scale zeroed out?”
“Stepped on it myself afterwards to check it. I have to admit, I found that a bit odd but then Sam and I had noticed it as we loaded the guy.”
Jack finally moved forward and peeked over the edge of the bag. He gasped. “Oh god, it’s another one.”
Michael looked at him. “What do you mean? This isn’t any kind of animal attack I’ve ever seen.”
Jack looked pale. “That’s because it was a vampire.”
Aden choked back a harsh laugh. “There’s no such thing as vampires.”
Michael looked back down at the body and frowned. “These aren’t puncture wounds. They are definitely teeth and claw marks. I’m just not sure what from.” Jack stepped back and found a wall to lean on. Michael shook his head and puzzled over the twisted mass, trying to determine what might be missing and how it had been removed. There was no blood in spite of the damage. He wanted to turn the body over to see what the victim’s back looked like but he also didn’t want to gross out the others in the room. He looked over at Sam. “How much blood was on the ground at the scene?”
Sam looked over at Clem, who shrugged. “I don’t know. I wasn’t really thinking about it at the time.”
Aden fished the phone out of her pocket and touched the screen. “Here are the photos I took.” She brought the phone over to Michael.
Clem let the bag fall closed so she didn’t see the body. She held up the camera and flipped through the images as Michael nodded. “Looks like a lot of pine needles. They could have wicked a lot of it away.” He looked back at Sam. “Any idea how long between the attack and your time on the scene?”
Sam looked over at Aden. “Maybe 15 minutes?” She nodded in agreement.
Nothing made sense. Was he overlooking something? There must be more extensive damage on the victim’s dorsal side. He looked at Aden. “You might want to step back again.” He glanced at Clem, who lifted open the bag. Michael placed a hand under the body and palpitated the abdomen. It freaked him out when he could feel his own fingers through the guy’s gut. “There just isn’t enough mass here. It’s like all the blood drained out of the body and then some.”
“That’s because the vampire drank it.” Jack’s whisper sounded loud in the small bare room. Michael looked over to where the man cowered against the wall.
“Oh, for Pete’s sake! Would you get beyond that, please?” Aden shook her head. “I think it’s time for you to leave.” She grabbed Jack’s arm and hauled him toward the door. She looked back at Michael. “Sorry about that. Is there any way to get some idea of what we might really be dealing with?”
Michael looked back down at the body, mystified. “I’d have to do a more in-depth autopsy. I don’t want to step on anyone’s toes. I don’t know the medical examiner out here.”
Sam looked at Clem. “What do you think?”
“I could give the county a call.” Clem let the bag drop over the remains and walked over to the phone hanging on the wall in the corner of the room.
“Great.” Sam looked back at Michael. “So you’re sure this isn’t a bear or mountain lion we’re dealing with?”
“Definitely not one of those. I wish I knew what could do something like this.”
“I keep trying to tell you, it’s a,”
“Don’t even say it.” The low menacing tone of Aden’s voice clipped Jack’s statement. He stared at her.
Michael considered the damage done to the body as he pulled off the exam gloves. “This is very real, nothing mythical about it. I’m just not sure what kind of animal could, or even would, do so much to a body in such a short period of time. There are very few animals that truly play with their food. Generally, they eat and run, or they stash it for later. This looks almost malicious.”
Clem hung up the phone. “County says they are backed up right now so if you can do it, you’re more than welcome to.”
Michael had almost hoped to be denied. “I don’t have any equipment with me.” He looked around the room but didn’t see any obvious medical storage. This was probably just a temporary holding facility.
Clem grinned. “No worries. I’ve got some in the ambulance bay.” He walked out the door.
Aden shoved Jack after him then turned back to Michael. “Thanks, I really appreciate the help. I hope we’re not cutting too heavily into your schedule.”
“I’m behind on my vacation time anyway.” 
Sam turned to follow Aden then stopped in the doorway. “We really do appreciate this. If there’s anything we can do to help you, be sure and let us know.” Sam got out of the way as Clem returned.
Michael almost expected Clem to carry in a tool bag of wrenches but instead, a field surgeon’s bag was slung over his arm. Michael noted the patch sewn on the flap. “Army?”
Clem nodded as he shut the door. “Did two tours in Iraq before I finally got out. Kind of lost my stomach for the whole thing, if you know what I mean.”
Michael did. “I work with a retired vet. I’ve heard enough horror stories.”
Clem set the bag on a rolling tray that had been parked next to a sink in a corner of the room. “I know it’s not fancy but it should do the job.”
“I don’t suppose you have a record sheet laying around?”
“Sorry. Afraid I can’t pull one of those out of the hat.”
Michael took out his phone and opened the recorder function. “Well, I’ll have to transcribe it later then.” He looked down at the body bag. “This is going to be messy.”
Clem chuckled. “That’s the great thing about these new bags. They open up flat. You can just unzip it all the way and keep the mess right in the bag.” He pulled on a pair of gloves and opened the bag.
Michael managed to control his rolling stomach. He’d forgotten how much he hated doing autopsies. “Thanks.” He stared down at the mangled remains. It looked even worse fully exposed under the bright fluorescent lights.
Clem shook his head. “There’s plenty of gloves here and the drop box is by the sink. I got to finish the oil change on Old Henry’s truck. If you need anything, I’ll be next door.”
“I’ll let you know when I’m done.” He pulled a fresh pair of blue flimsies from the box, started the recorder, and slipped on the gloves. Now he just had to remember how to do an autopsy.
* * *

Aden stared at Jack as he dropped into one of the plastic chairs at the front of the office. Sam stood next to him and crossed his arms. “I can’t decide if I should run you out of town or lock you up for public safety.”
Aden scowled. “I think he should leave. The sooner, the better.” She busied herself at the computer desk and tried to ignore him.
Jack sighed. He turned the vase of flowers around, seeming to study them. “Call me crazy if you want to. I’ve been tracking this vampire for months. I know this thing. It’s most likely still nearby.”
Aden closed her eyes. “Give me a break.”
“I can prove it.” Jack opened his coat and pulled a rumpled notebook from one of the large inner pockets. “I’ve got all my research notes right here.”
Sam looked out the window. “Vampires are creatures of the night, right? The motorist was attacked in the middle of the morning. It was light out. I really doubt it was a vampire.”
Jack snorted. “Vampires don’t like bright light but they don’t combust in daylight. That’s just a movie thing.”
“Vampires are all just movie things.” Aden swung around in the chair and stared at him. “Why don’t you just go back to wherever you came from and write your fantasy stories there.”
Jack’s face went red. “This isn’t a fantasy story. There are at least four people in Portland confirmed dead from this killer.”
Sam’s brows furrowed. “What?”
“That’s right, Sheriff. This is no joking matter.”
Sam looked over at Aden. “Maybe I should call the Feds about this.”
Jack laughed harshly. “As if they would listen! I know. I’ve tried.”
She was sure now that Jack was short a few pages of his mental notes. “This is a lost cause.”
The door opened and Aden almost fell out of her chair. Daniel looked over at her. “A little jumpy today, aren’t you?”
“You can blame it on Jack.”
Daniel gave her an odd sideways look then shrugged. He handed a bag to Sam. “I found these on a forest service road near a plot I was surveying this morning.”
Sam opened the bag and pulled out some scraps of cloth. Aden recognized the patterns on them. “That looks just like a piece of the shirt the victim was wearing.”
Daniel frowned. “I was wondering about the blood stains on them. I guess that explains it.”
Sam stuffed it back in the bag. “Did you see any kind of unusual tracks in the area?”
“Nothing out of the ordinary, but then I wasn’t looking for anything, either. Do we know what got the guy yet?”
Sam shook his head. “The doc is still doing the autopsy but he said the bite marks didn’t look like a bear or mountain lion.”
“It was a vampire.”
Aden stood up. “I swear, Jack, if you suggest that one more time I’m going to call and have you committed.”
Daniel looked confused. “Vampire?”
“Don’t even get him started.” Aden looked at Sam. “Do you want me to put that in the evidence locker?”
He handed her the bag. “Please.”
Jack looked up at Daniel. “Do you know of any caves or dark overhangs in that area?”
“Jack!” Aden almost hit him with the bag.
“Actually, there are a couple of darker corners up that way.”
“Then you shouldn’t waste any more time. He won’t come out when it’s this bright. It hurts his eyes. If he was hurt, it might slow him down enough to corner him.”
Daniel put on a serious face. “I’d better stock up on silver bullets.”
Sam frowned. “All right, that’s enough.” He shot Daniel a stern look. “I’m far more worried that we’ve got some exotic dangerous animal wandering around out there. Maybe I should call in Fish and Game.”
Daniel laughed. “They’d just call me. Their office is short staffed, just like everyone else. They don’t have anyone they can spare this time of year, not with fishing season in full swing. Besides, I know the area better than anyone they could send up here.”
Aden had no doubt of that. She remembered many times when Daniel would lead them to some amazing places that few humans had ever seen. “Maybe you could keep your eyes open for anything out of the ordinary.”
Always do.” He flashed her one of his winning smiles.
She shook her head and went to the back of the building to put the bag in the locker. Daniel had left by the time she returned. 
Another person had just entered the office. Aden thought he looked somehow familiar but couldn’t put a name to his face. He was definitely Native American by his features. He glanced in her direction but focused his attention on Sam. “Annie told me what happened.”
Jack leaned forward in the chair. “We have a vampire on the loose and no one will do anything about it.”
Aden clenched her hand into a fist but held it in check. “That’s it! Jack, find someplace else to take up space, preferably in a different time zone.” She hauled him out of the chair and shoved him toward the door.
The newcomer stepped out of the way and raised his brows. “This has got to be Alan’s daughter.”
Sam laughed. “No mistaking that!”
She scowled at them but made sure Jack was fully out of the building before she turned her attention back to the others. She took a breath to clear away the lingering frustration. She noticed the newcomer smile slightly. “I’m sorry. You look so familiar but I can’t remember you’re name.”
He grinned and extended his hand. “Joseph Tumsah. Amazing that you remember me at all. I don’t think I’ve seen you since you were about knee high. My mother used to watch you when you were little.”
Memories of a cozy kitchen and an elderly lady with a soft wrinkled face came back to her. She swallowed hard. “Now I know you. You’re Kevin’s uncle.”
He nodded but his face had changed. “I was.”
Aden was confused. She looked over at Sam. “Did I miss something?”
“I guess Alan didn’t tell you about that.” Sam shifted uncomfortably. “Logging accident some time ago now.”
She felt as though a piece of her had snapped. She thought of Maggie. She definitely needed to see her before she left. She looked back at the man, never really certain what to say under the circumstances, decided on the standard. “I’m so sorry, Joseph.”
He shook his head. “Life happens.” He looked up at Sam. “But tell me about the motorist. What are we dealing with?”
“We’re still not sure. A doctor friend of Aden’s has come all the way out here to look at the body. He’s doing an autopsy right now.”
 “And the man’s insistence that it was a vampire?”
Aden sighed. “Don’t mind him. He’s obviously unbalanced.”
“I don’t know.” Joseph looked out through the window then back at Sam. “My people have a legend about a dark predator that hunts at night and only drinks the blood of its victims. That’s awfully close to the vampire myth, isn’t it?”
Aden stared at him. “You’ve got to be kidding!” She couldn’t believe she was hearing this. She looked at Sam but he didn’t say anything. He looked like he might actually be considering it. She studied Joseph’s face. He looked serious. “Can we do a reality check? Vampires belong in movies, not here in Sweetvale.”
Joseph nodded. “Indeed. I was quoting a legend, not scientific fact.”
Aden relaxed a little. “I’m glad we have that clarified.”
“However, legends are sometimes based on facts.”
Aden almost fell over. “What?”
Sam sighed. “In all my years, I’ve never seen anything like this, Joe.” He sank down into his chair and leaned back to study the ceiling.
Joseph perched on the edge of Sam’s desk. “It sounds like the Universe is challenging you to widen your perspective. There is always more out there to learn and discover. You just have to pay attention.”
Sam closed his eyes. “You didn’t see what was left of that guy. I’ve never seen an animal do that before.”
Aden shuddered. She’d seen pictures of what animals could do but pictures never smelled that bad. She was relieved that Sam was at least identifying it as an animal. She began thinking about the attack in a more calculated fashion. “It must have been in pretty bad shape after being hit by the car. Animals can’t rationalize things like we can. All it knew is that something had hurt it. Maybe it was just reacting.”
Joseph turned to look at her. “That might be the case, especially if it felt threatened.”
Sam picked up the folder that he’d put the accident report in and tossed it across the desk to Joseph. “Look at that, if you have the stomach for it. You tell me. Is that an animal reacting to a threat?”
Joseph turned back to Sam and picked up the folder. He opened it and flipped through the pictures. “Not much left of him.” He closed the folder and handed it back to Sam. “This is definitely beyond normal animal behavior.”
Aden felt chilled. She hoped Michael could get enough from the remains. She glanced up at the clock. It had already been over an hour. She had no idea how long it might take.
Sam shifted in his chair. “Joe, you said legends were based on facts. What do you think that legend was based on?”
“Could be a number of things. My ancestors didn’t hunt with guns. They used spears and arrows, not the most efficient weapons. It could be that they severely injured an animal that was too weak to hunt its normal prey and crazed enough to let hunger drive it to hunt man. Most cats or bears generally avoid people. We’re not on their regular menu.” He turned and grinned at Aden.
“That’s what my daddy always taught me. Respect them and they’ll respect you.” She walked toward the window. A few light snowflakes drifted down from the overcast sky.
Sam sighed. “So this animal could be hurt so bad that it’s crazy enough to do that to a person.” Sam slapped the folder on his desk. “We definitely need to get this critter before it hurts anybody else. I sure hope your doctor friend can give us an idea of what we’re looking for.”
Aden wrapped her arms around herself. “Me, too.”
“I can stick around and give you a hand. Paul was having some problems with the winch on the boat and was going to tear it down today. That will take him a day or two to sort it out.”
“I appreciate the help, Joe.” Sam cleared his throat. “What about you, Aden? Will you consider my offer?”
She closed her eyes. “I have a lot to do at the house, Sam.” She turned away from the window and caught the look on his face. She softened a little. “I’ll do what I can to help you with stuff here at the office until I’m done packing things up, but then I need to get back to Seattle.”
“Of course.” 
She could hear the disappointment in his voice. Her chest ached. He seemed so lost without her dad. Was she? Aden didn’t want to think about it. She needed to move. “I’m going over to see how Michael is doing. Maybe he’s figured out what animal really did the damage by now.”
Sam started to get up. The phone on his desk rang. He sighed. “Everyone wants an update.” He reached for the phone. “I’ll be over in a few.”
Aden grabbed her coat and slipped out into the chilly afternoon. The flurries had stopped and a few slivers of sunlight found their way between the clouds but a hushed stillness seemed to be blanketing the town, as if waiting for the storm to break.
* * *

Michael looked up as Aden entered. He zipped up the bag. She stopped in the doorway. “Am I disturbing you?”
He checked that the file had saved on his phone and slipped it back into his pocket. “No, I’m done.” He picked up the rolled in-side-out exam gloves, stuffed them into a haz-box on the wall above the sink, and scrubbed up.
She stood quietly, watching him, until he’d finished. “Did you find anything to help identify the animal?”
Michael finished drying his hands. He pushed the drawer back in and moved the rolling cart out of the way. The tools he’d used could soak awhile. He wasn’t sure what to tell her. “Aden?” His gut tightened. He really wanted to get out of the room. “Can we talk outside?”
“Of course.” She held the door open for him and he gratefully escaped from the morgue.
He followed her through the hallway and out into the clean air. Michael leaned against the wall, letting the pale sunlight drive the chill from his body. He closed his eyes. “I’ve honestly never seen anything like this.”
“Could it be some exotic animal that escaped from a circus or zoo?”
He considered that for a moment. He tried to remember the dental structure of the different primate species but those concepts had been buried in his mind too long. He’d been lucky that he’d done so many autopsies during his school days. It had gradually come back to him. He just hoped he hadn’t forgotten anything or the local coroner might sue him.
“Michael, are you all right?”
He wanted to tell her that he might never be right again. He looked over at her. Every cell of his body wanted to take her in his arms but he resisted. “I really wish I could tell you what did this. The only thing I can tell you is what didn’t do this. It wasn’t a feline, canine, or ursine of any species. The mouth was the wrong shape and there were no deep canines in the dental structure.” And there was the issue of the blood. He looked at the set of her features and wondered how to break that to her.
“So what could it have been?”
The only thing that came to mind was human. Could she handle that? He chewed on his lower lip. “Aden, this reporter, or journalist, whatever he is, might not be completely wrong.”
“What?”
Michael noticed the sheriff leave his office and head across the street toward them. He pointed in his direction.
Aden glanced over her shoulder. “Oh, this is not going to go over well.” She looked back at him. “Are you sure about this?”
He wasn’t sure about anything at that moment. “I don’t believe in vampires any more than you do but the victim’s body has been drained of blood and I can’t find any real explanation for it. There were bite marks that looked like human teeth and the claw marks measured out to the width of an average male human hand.”
Sheriff Taylor stopped a few steps behind Aden and stared at Michael. “Are you saying a vampire really did this?”
Aden tensed and turned slightly to include the sheriff. “Vampires are mythological creatures.”
Michael pushed away from the wall. “Which could be based on some little-known condition that affected whoever attacked the victim.” He could see her shoulders tighten and knew what was coming. “I’m serious, Aden. There is historic evidence that suggests some people did have symptoms that mirrored those of vampirism.”
She shook her head. “This is the age of technology, not the dark ages.”
Michael shrugged. “I don’t have a better answer for you.” He could tell that the storm had been averted and relaxed a little.
Aden began pacing. “How insane does a person have to be to bite another human being?”
Michael watched her. She must be deadly in a courtroom. Whatever law firm had hired her must be missing her right now.
Sheriff Taylor caught her arm gently. “Aden, if this guy is an over the edge killer, I really should contact the Feds.”
Michael raised an eyebrow. “I think I missed something.”
Aden massaged her forehead. “According to Jack, there could be four other possible victims of the same attacker.” She looked at Sam. “This guy could definitely be in the serial killer category.”
Michael dug his hands into his coat pockets. The chill was starting to get to him. “Is Jack still around?”
Aden turned and looked over at the Sheriff’s Office. “His car is still here.”
“Well, maybe we should ask Jack if he knows who the vampire is, or was, however he thinks it works.”
Sheriff Taylor turned to watch a battered blue pick-up pull into the graveled parking lot in front of the Sheriff’s Office. “Looks like Daniel brought his truck over. He thinks we’re going out after an animal.” He sighed. “Guess I’d better go fill him in.” He headed for the young man who had gotten out of the truck.
Michael wanted to ask Aden more about why she was there but Clem came out the back door of the fire station. He grinned at Michael. “Oh, there you are. Find anything?”
Michael watched Aden tense. “I’ll tell you later. Have you seen the other guy that came in with us?”
“You mean Jack?” Clem chuckled. “He’s quite a character. He’s amusing everyone over at Annie’s.”
Aden swore under her breath. “Why doesn’t that surprise me?”
She took off at a fast walk and Michael had to jog to catch up with her. She rounded the corner of the fire station and headed for the café. “Aden, wait up.”
She stopped in front of the gas pumps. “What?”
“If we want any useful information out of him, we should humor him.”
Aden sighed. “You’re probably right.” She gritted her teeth. “It just gets to me that this guy obviously believes in actual vampires.”
“I know. I can tell.” He couldn’t help but grin. He could still read her expressions clearly, even after all these years. “Just remember to go easy on him. This isn’t a jury trial.”
Her eyes lost some of their intensity and he wondered what he’d said. She nodded and turned toward the café but a shout from across the street made her turn back.
Michael swiveled to follow her gaze. The man who had gotten out of the pick-up truck was faced off with Sheriff Taylor. Neither looked very happy.
“You’ve got to be kidding.” Aden set her shoulders and marched across the street toward the men.
Michael didn’t know what else to do so he decided to follow along and find out what was going on. As they neared the pair, he could hear the tension in their words.
Sheriff Taylor tried to put his hand on the man’s arm but the man pushed him away. “This is even more of a reason for us to go out after this guy, if that’s what he is. We can’t just let some crazy go around killing people.”
“Daniel, be reasonable. There are proper channels that we have to go through. I need to call the State Police and see if we can get some back up.”
Daniel hit the side of the truck. “And how long will that take?” He stalked away and stood staring at the fire station, his hands planted on his hips. Michael could hear him cursing under his breath.
The sheriff looked at Aden. “Sometimes I don’t know what he expects.” He sighed and headed toward the office.
The rumble of a truck made everyone turn. The sheriff frowned. “What’s Roger think he’s doing?”
The truck roared down the street and skidded to a stop in front of the Sheriff’s Office. An older man jumped out. “Sam!” He struggled to get the words out. “It’s Alice!”
Sheriff Taylor frowned. “Her heart finally gave out, did it?”
Michael could tell by the man’s expression that it was far more extreme than that. He looked over at Aden. She’d also read the man’s body language and had tensed.
The man pulled the sheriff aside and dropped his voice. “Something got in the house, Sam. I don’t know what it was but I could hardly tell it was her.” He sobbed. “Oh, god. It was bad.”
The sheriff looked toward the service station. Michael followed his gaze and noticed Clem had stepped outside. The sheriff whirled his finger over his head and Clem nodded. He jogged to the fire station and hit a metal plate next to the large door.
Daniel had rejoined them. He came up to face Sheriff Taylor. “There’s another one, isn’t there.”
“We don’t know that for sure.”
Daniel’s face went red. “Get real, Sheriff! Do you think some critter saw the psycho attack a guy and got an idea in its head? We’re dealing with a killer, remember? If he was nuts enough to off one guy, why should he stop there?”
The sheriff tried to calm him down.
Daniel scowled. “And what do you plan to do about it? Stand here and discuss it while this crazy goes around attacking and killing everyone?” He turned away but didn’t leave this time.
Clem pulled up with the rescue squad. “Where am I headed?”
“You don’t need lights. It’s Alice.” The sheriff looked around the group before walking up to the door of the squad. Michael was close enough to hear him warn Clem that it might be another victim. Clem nodded and drove off.
The sheriff turned to look at them. His face was pale and it looked like he was having trouble breathing. Aden rushed up to him and caught him by the arm. He looked startled. “What are we going to do? Dan's right. We can’t wait for the State if this guy is out attacking people. We need to go after him now.” Sheriff Taylor looked over at Michael. “I hate to ask this of you, Doc. I know we’ve taken a lot of your time already today. Would you be willing to stick around and have a look at what Clem brings back?”
Michael felt his insides turn. He didn’t really want to but he could see the expectant look on Aden’s face. He swallowed hard. “Sure.”
“Good.” The sheriff turned to watch another man jog down the street from the direction of the café. His features looked native. Sheriff Taylor waited for him to join them. 
Daniel seemed to have calmed down some. He nodded to the newcomer. “Hey, Joe. Welcome to the party.”
Sheriff Taylor frowned. “It looks like we better get a head start with this one.” The sheriff looked over at Aden but she shook her head. He shrugged.
Aden sighed. “Look, I can make the call to the State for you and maybe I can get more out of Jack but I’m not about to get involved with a manhunt.”
Michael couldn’t imagine why that was even an issue but it almost looked like the sheriff was disappointed. Why would he expect something like that of her? He wondered again what had brought her out to this remote spot.
The younger man seemed to be staring at him. “So, is this the fancy city doctor who came out to tell us what animals might attack people here abouts? Bet they don’t have people type animals where he comes from.”
Aden frowned at the younger man. “Joseph, Daniel, this is Doctor Michael Cline.” She motioned to each of the men. “Michael, this is Joseph Tumsah and Daniel Taylor.”
Michael looked at Aden in astonishment. Why did she keep calling him a doctor?
Sheriff Taylor cleared his throat and glanced in Michael’s direction. “We’re indebted to Doctor Cline for coming all the way out here, otherwise we’d still be chasing an animal instead of a person.”
“Right. So anyway.” Daniel pulled out a map of the area and opened the back of the pick-up’s bed so he could spread it out. “If this guy took out a motorist on the main road yesterday and then Alice sometime overnight, there’s a good chance he’s on the east side of the valley.”
Both the sheriff and the other man leaned over the sides of the truck to study the map.
Aden pulled Michael toward the Sheriff’s Office. “I’d better make that call to the State.” She led him inside. “I’m glad you decided to stay.”
“Are you?” He hadn’t meant it to come out so tight.
Aden turned back and bit her lip. “Hopefully this won’t take too much more of your time.”
He sighed. What was a few more hours? “It doesn’t matter.”
She frowned and went inside. Aden pulled open a writing tray from one of the desks and looked at the numbers on a page taped to the surface. She looked up at him. “Do you still want to come with me and talk to Jack?”
“If I don’t, you might lose your temper and then you won’t get anything out of him.”
“You’re probably right.” She reached for the phone. “I just need to make this call and then we can go over to the café.”
Michael wandered toward the front of the office and watched the men pointing at the map. He could hear Aden talking to someone in the background but he really wasn’t paying attention. He glanced down at the flowers in the vase on the small table between the chairs. They seemed as out of place there as Aden.
The sheriff came in just as Aden slammed down the phone. Michael turned around and noticed a familiar scowl on her face. Sheriff Taylor stopped when he saw her look. “What’s wrong?”
“The State says they don’t have any extra personnel to spare right now and I won’t even repeat the nonsense I got from the Federal office.” 
He reached for a gun sitting in a rack. “It looks like we’re on our own, as usual.”
Aden seemed surprised. “As usual?”
Sheriff Taylor nodded. “I appreciate you trying. We’ll do our best to get this guy.”
“Michael and I will see what kind of information we can get from Jack.” 
The sheriff smiled at her. “Thanks, Aden. I really do appreciate it.” He nodded at Michael and turned back to the door.
Aden motioned to Michael and they followed the sheriff back outside. She stopped on the steps. “Just be careful, and stay in radio contact.”
Daniel looked up at her. “Are you really that worried about me?”
“No, but I bet Cindy will be.”
His face fell and darkened. He grabbed the map out of the bed of the truck and got in the driver’s side. “Let’s go find this idiot.”
Aden looked at Sheriff Taylor. “Was it something I said?”
He shrugged and put a hand on Joseph’s shoulder. “Keep an eye on him, will you?”
Joseph nodded and moved toward the passenger side. “He has a lot of unresolved anger inside of him.”
“Tell me something I don’t know.” The sheriff closed the bed of the truck as Daniel started up the engine. He leaned toward the open driver’s side window. “I’ll take the squad and head up the east road then cut back toward the state forest lands.”
Daniel waved him forward. “Let’s go then.” Joseph got into the passenger side of the truck and Daniel revved the motor. Wheels spun and the truck roared off down the road.
Sheriff Taylor sighed. “Remind me to talk to him about that.” Then he got into his own SUV. He started the engine and opened his window. “If you need to use the other rig for anything, the keys are hanging on the hook in the lock cabinet.” He waved and followed Daniel at a more reasonable pace.
Aden sighed. “Let’s go talk to Jack.”
Michael remained motionless, arms crossed, staring at her. “What are you doing here, Aden? And what’s with that guy?”
“Who? Daniel?” She sighed. “I wish I knew.” She looked down the road in the direction the vehicles had gone then turned back to him. She frowned. “I don’t know if you brought a change of clothes or not. I could probably find something around here that would fit you if you didn’t.”
He knew this trick. She’d done it often enough when they were in school. She was trying to change the subject. “I have some in the car. Not an issue. You still haven’t told me what you’re doing here.”
Aden shrugged. She started to walk back toward the café. “I’m sure Annie has rooms available if you need to change. It’s the off season for tourists.”
Michael jogged to keep up with her. “Is that where you’re staying?”
“No.” Her voice was shaky. She quickened her pace and stepped up onto the porch of the café.
Michael stopped at the step. “Why did you call me? Why now?”
Aden froze with her hand reaching for the door handle. She seemed to fold in on herself and wrapped her arms around her body. She paced back in his direction but didn’t meet his eyes. “I guess because Diana had mentioned your name and when the motorist looked like he’d been attacked by an animal, I remembered your big project.” Her voice was barely a whisper.
He looked away, studying the side of the service station. “It’s been a long time, Aden.”
She walked to the end of the porch and stood with her back to him. “I hope I didn’t pull you away from your family.” 
His jaw clenched. His family. That was a laugh. What was she expecting? He came up onto the porch and moved toward her. “I don’t see much of Mary or mom these days. They live on the other side of town. Although, Mary did think I was crazy to come out here.”
“Your sister never did like me much.” Aden managed a dry laugh. “And Matt the Brat?”
Michael felt his innards go cold. “We’re not on speaking terms right now.” He closed his eyes and tried not to think about it.
She was quiet for a moment. “No one else?”
His eyes began to burn. “There was never anyone else.” He couldn’t stand the pain. Michael turned toward the door.
A woman dressed in an apron opened it and lugged out a heavy looking metal container full of ash. As she turned, she almost walked into him. “I’m sorry, I didn’t know you were there.”
Michael held the door open for her as she lugged the ash bucket out.
Aden came up behind him and reached for the bucket handle. “Hey, Cindy. Can I help you with that?”
The woman pulled the bucket away. “I’ve got it.” Her voice seemed chill. She staggered off the porch and went around the corner of the building.
Aden sighed. “Boy, I’m just the winner today.” She looked at Michael. “Still willing to help me with Jack?”
 “Guess I better.” Michael followed her through the door. 
It was a quaint place with rustic decor. He admired the polished carved wood of the benches that lined the walls of the dim entry. Aden pushed through the heavy interior doors into the main dining room.
Jack wasn’t hard to find. He had a gathering of what Michael assumed to be local folks around his table. One of them saw Aden coming and motioned for the others to back off. Jack was alone by the time they reached his table. He looked up at them. “This place has great food. Care to join me?”
Michael’s stomach turned at the thought of food. “I’ll pass on lunch right now.” He took a seat next to Jack and Aden took the other. Michael gave her a cautionary glance and she relaxed a little.
Aden sighed. “Well, you might be right about one thing. The motorist might have been killed by a human.”
Jack nodded and took another bite of his food. “Yup. I told you he was.”
Aden started to bristle. Michael raised his brows. She looked at him but toned down. “I don’t suppose you know who this guy is.”
“Of course I know who he was. I’m a photojournalist. I do my homework.” He wiped his chin with a napkin and pulled a large college ruled notebook from an inner pocket of his coat. He pulled a loose piece of paper out of it. “This is a police sketch from a few months ago.” He handed the drawing to Aden. “The vampire’s name, when he was still human, was Robert Duval. He came from Salem.”
Aden looked amazed. “Why didn’t you tell us this before?”
He looked at her with a sarcastic expression. “You kept telling me it wasn’t a vampire, remember?”
The tone annoyed Michael but he controlled his temper. “Jack, this guy isn’t a vampire but he may have some kind of condition that makes him act like one.”
Jack huffed. “Typical doctor.”
Michael ground his teeth but said nothing. Aden brought out her phone and took a picture of the sketch. “Maybe I can find something on this guy in the database.”
Cindy came back inside with the bucket, now empty. She stopped by the table and focused on Michael. “Are you the doctor from Portland? Clem is looking for you.”
Michael wanted to correct her but she turned and carried the bucket back to the large fireplace that took up most of one wall of the room.
Aden looked at him. “I guess he’s back.”
Michael shivered. He wasn’t looking forward to round two. He managed to smile at the journalist. “Thanks, Jack.” Michael got up and Aden followed his lead. He looked down at what was left on the plate and frowned. “You should really cut back on some of those empty carbs.”
Jack glared up at him and took another forkful of the mashed potatoes. Aden snickered and pulled Michael toward the door.
* * *

Aden led the way back to the fire station. She was relieved to get away from Jack and mystified by Cindy’s behavior. She was also relieved that Michael had stopped asking questions. It was hard enough knowing that he would be leaving to go back to his practice in Portland after he finished with what remained of Alice.
“Why do I get the feeling you know all these people?”
His question startled her. She slowed her pace slightly. “Some of them.” She looked around at the little town where she had spent the first eighteen years of her life. It was smaller than a few city blocks in either Portland or Seattle. She glanced at him and noticed he was staring at her.
Michael put a hand on her arm and pulled her to a stop. “Can’t you at least give a straight answer? Don’t I deserve at least that much?”
Aden closed her eyes. He had every right to be angry. She looked up at him. “I’m sorry. You did come all the way out here to help us.” She pointed around at a cluster of buildings. “This is my home town. I grew up here.”
Michael looked around and then back at her. “Here?”
Aden pursed her lips. “Not what you expected? Sorry about that.” She saw Clem come from a smaller door next to the large front one and moved toward him, grateful to have an excuse to move.
Clem looked a little pale. He still managed half a grin as she stopped in front of him. Michael came up next to her. “I’m afraid I’ve got another gruesome guest for you to admire.”
“You have such a way with words.” Michael looked at Aden. “Guess I’m going back to work.”
“I’ll be over at the office, looking up Mr. Duval.” She didn’t know what else to say and headed across the road.
“Aden?”
She stopped and turned back.
Michael’s face seemed to twitch. “I’ll let you know what I find.” He turned and followed Clem around the corner into the alley beside the fire station.
Aden went into the office and sat down at the desk in front of the computer. She pulled out her phone and opened the picture she’d taken of the sketch from Jack. She dropped the image into an email and sent it to her personal account.
She went back to the computer and opened the email so she could access the sketch. She logged into the database and looked up Duval. She looked first at his driver’s license. The likeness was startling. She continued to study his record. He had a stack of warrants for his arrest. She found his police file. It was a lengthy collection. He had numerous counts of drug possession and sale of illegal substances. He was also a person of interest in four murder cases in the Portland area.
Aden opened one and found the sketch staring back at her. The victim had been a woman killed in her apartment. The sketch had been compiled by a police artist with the aid of the only eye witness. She read the name and gasped. It was Jack Donner.
She glanced outside and noticed that Jack’s car was no longer in front of the Sheriff’s Office. Had he actually left Sweetvale? Aden doubted she would be that lucky.
She went back to the files and began sorting through them. She noted the detective in all four murder cases was the same, Ryan Peters. She called the department number listed on the file and asked for him. It took a few transfers but she finally got to the correct connection.
“Ryan Peters, Homicide.”
“This is Aden Anderson. I’m enquiring about a suspect connected to several cases you’re working on. His name is Robert Duval.”
The detective was silent for a moment. “What department are you with, Ms. Anderson?”
Aden paused for a moment. She couldn’t exactly tell him that she was a claims adjuster for an insurance company. She closed her eyes. “I’m the deputy sheriff of Sweetvale, Oregon.”
“I see. And what is your interest in Duval?”
“We have reason to believe he may be connected to two homicides in our area.”
His chair squeaked. “Are you sure it’s Duval?”
How could she be sure that it was Duval they were dealing with? They didn’t have any witnesses or any real evidence that connected him with the crimes. She didn’t know what to say.
“Let me guess, Jack is there.”
She groaned. “Well, he did provide the name and a sketch.”
“Why doesn’t that surprise me? You’re not the first, believe me. Last week it was Corvallis and the week before that it was Albany. He seems convinced that this guy is a vampire or something.”
“He did mention something about that. If it weren’t for the autopsy results, we probably would have dismissed it all together.”
Aden could hear papers shuffling. “Interesting. I’m still waiting on the reports from the other possible victims. How did you get yours back so quickly?”
“We were lucky enough to have a doctor from Portland visiting in town.” It was at least close to the truth.
The detective sighed. “Well, there’s no doubt that Duval is dangerous. He’s got a long history of drug related convictions. We did get a partial print from one scene that could be his but it’s not enough to hold up in court.”
“The sheriff and a couple other men are out trying to track him right now. We did put a call in for additional support but it doesn’t look like we’re getting any.”
Detective Peters laughed harshly. “Not surprising. The State Police are short on personnel. The Feds won’t bother with him yet, either, because he doesn’t have a murder conviction on his record. I could send you some additional information that isn’t in the online files.”
“We’ll take anything that might help us get this guy.” Aden gave him the department email address. “Thanks for your time.”
“Good luck, deputy.”
Aden hung up the phone and sat staring at nothing for a moment. Had she just accepted Sam’s job offer? The email inbox flashed. Aden opened the message and downloaded the attachments. She started reading and was horrified by the reports. This guy was obviously mentally unstable.
The radio in the charger base on the desk across from Sam’s crackled to life. It startled Aden out of her daze. It was Sam checking in with Daniel and Joseph to see where they were. Daniel reported finding more tracks but they disappeared into a stream and he hadn’t been able to pick them up again.
Aden glanced outside and was surprised at how dark it was getting. She realized that she should warn Sam what they might be dealing with. She called him on the radio and he answered. She did her best to fill him in on the details.
Sam sounded concerned. “So this guy is a druggie as well as a possible murderer? I could tell the guy was nuts. The tracks we’ve been following are bare feet. It takes someone who’s crazy to run around up here like that in late April. There are still some snow patches under the trees.”
“The detective from Portland said Duval is dangerous. If this is the same guy, maybe you should call off the search.”
“It’s starting to get dark so we’re going to have to break off for tonight anyway.”
Aden glanced out the window. The sun must already be down. She thought about Jack’s belief that the guy preferred the dark. A vague memory stirred from academy. “Certain drugs cause light sensitivity. Maybe that’s why this guy prefers dark places. You should get out of there.”
Daniel came on the radio. “We found what looks like the place he was hanging out during the day but it’s empty. He must be on the move.”
Sam called to Daniel. “Why don’t you and Joseph pull out? We’ll try again tomorrow.”
Daniel reluctantly agreed. “It will take us awhile to back track to the truck.”
“All right. Call me when you’re back in your rig.”
Aden tried not to worry. All three men had plenty of experience in the forest. But there was a killer out there somewhere.
The office door opened and Henry came in. “Evening to you, Miss Anderson.”
Aden couldn’t hide her grin. “What can I do for you, Henry?”
Henry looked around the office. “Seems strange without your papa at the helm.” He shook his head and turned back to her. “I was actually wondering if you might know where Clem is. I got a ride into town to pick up my truck. It looks done but no one’s around. Jimmy must have already left for the day.”
Aden got up and looked out the window toward the service station. “The tow truck’s not there. I think I heard him get called out earlier by dispatch. That was a couple of hours ago. I would have thought he’d be back by now.”
Henry chuckled. “You never can tell with these crazy tourists. Clem’s the best anywhere but outsiders would rather pay a fortune to have him tow their cars into the big city.”
“I could try calling him on the radio.”
“Naw, don’t worry him. I’ll settle up with him tomorrow. Just let him know I picked it up.” He chuckled again. “I tried to ask that young fellar over at the fire station. I think I nearly gave him a heart attack.”
Aden gasped. “What?”
“Oh, he’s all right now.” Henry leaned on one of the chairs by the front wall. “I’d seen lights on over there and had gone to see if it was Clem. Opened the back door right as the man was reaching for it. He went as white as a sheet!”
Aden grew worried about Michael. “Maybe I should go over and check on him.”
The radio on the desk crackled as Sam called in. “Aden, are you still on com?”
Henry’s eyebrows went up. “Well, best leave you to your work.” He waved and left the office.
Aden reached for the radio. “I’m here, Sam.”
“It’s completely dark now. We aren’t going to find anything more tonight.”
“Are you back to your rig yet?”
There was a brief pause. “No, I just got back to the trail. I’ve still got a quarter mile to go to get back to where I’m parked.”
“Just be careful.”
She could hear Sam chuckling as he keyed the radio. “Thanks.” There was a pause. “But you could do something if you wanted to help.”
Aden groaned. “What do you need?”
“You could put up the warning signs on the main highway that we use when there’s a manhunt in the area. You’ll find them in the shed behind the office. Just toss them in the back of the other rig.”
Aden closed her eyes remembering the last time they’d needed those signs. “Understood.” She cleared the channel and heard Sam acknowledge. She found the keys and grabbed her coat.
Aden found the wooden barricades with their warning signs and dragged them to the back of the SUV. She opened the back doors and started putting the pieces in.
“Could you use a hand?”
She almost dropped the piece she’d just picked up. “Jeez, Michael. You half scared me to death!” She grabbed for the sliding board.
Michael caught it and helped her get it into the rig. “These aren’t exactly light.” He helped her load the rest of the pieces. “What’s up with these?”
She shut the doors. “They go at the end of the road to warn motorists that there’s a potential threat in the area.”
“That’s probably a good thing.”
She turned and looked at him. It was too dark to see his features clearly. “What do you mean?”
“We definitely have a second victim. The woman Clem brought in was just like the motorist.” Michael ran a hand through his short hair. “This guy is really sick.”
She was almost convinced that they were indeed dealing with Duval. “His previous victims elsewhere are pieces of work, too.”
“What?”
“If this is Duval we’re dealing with, he’s killed at least four other victims in about the same way.” She shuddered. “I need to get these down to the highway.”
“Maybe I should come with you and give you a hand. They are pretty heavy.”
She couldn’t argue with that. “That would be great if you’re not too busy. I didn’t know when you had to get back. Henry said he ran into you as you were coming out.” Her throat tightened.
Michael remained silent. He stood with his arms crossed. Finally he sighed and looked away. “Annie has offered me a cabin. I’m too tired to drive all the way back to Portland tonight.”
Aden finally got control of her voice. “I do need to get these down to the main road. If you want to come, you can ride shotgun.”
Michael didn’t say anything but he moved toward the passenger side of the rig.
Aden went to the driver’s side door, got in, and leaned over the seat to unlock the other one. When she sat back up, she noticed the coffee mug on the dash. She sat staring at it.
Michael got in and shut the door. “Aden, are you okay?”
She finally managed to move and pulled the mug from the dash. “I can’t believe he stilled used this.” She fingered the faded design.
“Who?”
“My dad. I gave it to him for Christmas when I was a kid.” She sighed and tucked it behind the seat. She noticed Michael was staring at her.
“Where’s your dad?”
She swallowed. “We buried him the day before yesterday.”
Aden turned over the engine and hit the defrost as the window began to fog over. She sat a moment, waiting for it to clear. She glanced over at him and could see the outline of his face in the cool green light from the dash. He was chewing on his lip. That was never a good sign.
Aden opened the ash drawer and felt around inside until her fingers found something. She pulled out the coin and handed it to him.
Michael looked down and stared at it. His brow furrowed. “What’s the nickel for?”
“Inflation.”
He was quiet. She glanced over at him. He was turning it over in his fingers. Michael didn’t meet her eyes. “So now what?”
“We go put up the barricades.” She backed the SUV onto the road and headed out of town.
He slid down in the seat and rested his head on the backrest. “That’s not what I meant.”
Her stomach tensed. She kept her eyes on the road. “What did you mean, then?”
“You know damn well what I mean, Aden. You dragged me out here to deal with this nasty little mess and now that my job is done, what now? Do you just expect me to disappear like you did?”
Aden gripped the steering wheel tighter. “First off, I didn’t drag you out here, you dragged yourself out here. You’re the one who wanted to see the body, remember? I didn’t ask you to come.”
“You called me and sent me those pictures. What were you expecting?” She heard the tightness in his tone. “Do you know how long it’s been since I’d heard your voice?”
She knew all too well how long it had been. “Life seemed so much simpler when we were in college. We had all these big plans and dreams.”
“Ya, we did. And what happened? You left for Chicago and never came back.”
Aden focused on the dark road ahead. “You never called. It’s not like you couldn’t have picked up a phone.”
She could hear him breathing. “What happened? Did you find some school back east that was better than the university?”
Aden could feel her heart beating in her throat. What was she supposed to say? It had been eighteen years ago. She swallowed down the knot in her throat. “I did come back.”
“What?”
“I came back to our apartment and you were gone. You’d even changed your number. I figured that was a pretty clear message.”
“Oh, man.” Michael covered his face with his hands. “I looked for you all over campus. No one had seen you.”
“I enrolled in Portland Community College that fall.”
“I didn’t know PCC had a pre-law program back then.”
She felt her throat constrict. She had given up all her dreams. She could feel her eyes burning and had to blink to keep the tears from blurring her vision. She couldn’t tell him the real reason. The words refused to form. She couldn’t pull in enough air.
The headlights of the rig reflected on something ahead. A tow truck was parked along the road. Aden managed to gasp. “That’s Clem’s rig.” She slowed and pulled off the road behind it. She pulled the long stick flash light from its holder and opened her door.
Michael grabbed her arm. “Aden, what are you doing?”
“I’m going to see if Clem is okay.” She pulled away and shut the door. She turned on the flash light and swept the beam across the area.
Michael got out. “What’s he doing out here?”
“He was called out to do a tow a few hours ago.” Aden felt the hood of the truck. “It’s almost cold. It’s been here awhile.” A tight knot formed in her stomach. She should have called him earlier. Aden peered inside the empty cab. Nothing looked out of place.
Michael pulled his keys out and used the pen light attached to the ring to search the ground. He walked around the other side and bent down to take a closer look. “That’s crazy.”
“What is?”
“I could swear this is a human footprint.”
She came around the truck. “Why is that so strange?” She shown her light on the ground by the place he was kneeling.
Michael traced the outline of the print with his fingers. “Because this isn’t exactly barefoot weather. Whoever stepped here wasn’t wearing any shoes.”
* * *

Michael followed Aden as she ran back to the SUV. She got on the radio. “Tin Star, this is Big A, do you read?”
There was a pause and the radio crackled. “Big A, this is Tin Star. What’s up?”
“We found Clem’s truck on the side of the road and Michael found the imprint of a barefooted person.”
Sam tried several times to call for Rescue One then he called for Danny Boy and Tall Man. Daniel answered. Michael was mystified but he could see Aden’s serious expression and knew better than to interrupt.
Sam’s voice was tense. “Clem’s out here somewhere. Aden found his truck on the side of the road.”
“Big A, this is Danny Boy. Where are you?”
Aden swung the beam of the flashlight around. It reflected on something shiny that seemed to be attached to a tree. She made her way through the brush on the roadside to a small metal tag stapled to the trunk. She stumbled through the low bushes trying to get back up to the rig. Michael reached out and helped her up.
“Thanks.” She ran back to the radio. “We’re by plot RT20-15.”
Sam called her again. “Can you see any tracks that Clem might have left?”
Aden grabbed a portable radio from its charger base and switched it on. She went back to the other side of Clem’s truck and swept the light across the brush. “It looks like he went into the forest. I can see a pretty clear trail.”
Michael studied the shaggy shrubs. He couldn’t see anything that even remotely resembled a path.
Sam’s voice echoed in stereo from both radio units. “Your dad’s field rifle should be broken down in its case in the back. I think I remember seeing ammo for it there, too. Follow Clem’s trail. We’ll start heading in that direction.”
Aden signed off and raced to the back of the SUV. Michael watched her swing open the back door and pull out a black case. He came over to see what it was and she held the flashlight out to him. “Could you hold this?”
“Sure.”
She opened the case and pulled out the pieces of a gun and assembled it. She pushed the bolt into place a checked the barrel.
Michael was amazed. “Wow. I didn’t know they taught things like that in law school.”
She looked at him with a grim face. “No, that’s the kind of thing you learn as a kid when your dad’s a sheriff.” She pulled out the ammo, loaded the chamber, and dropped the rest into the pocket of her coat. She pulled a pack out of the back and handed it to him. “Trade you.”
He caught the pack and handed her the flashlight. There was a reflective first aid symbol on the front of it. Michael looked up at her. “What’s this for?”
“Clem could be hurt. Sorry I don’t have anything better than a field med kit. I realize you’re probably used to much nicer supplies.”
He swallowed and watched her grab another pack from behind the passenger seat and lock up the squad. Aden slid on the pack. “You probably want to wear that.” She aimed the light into the forest then looked back at him. “Are you coming?”
 “Uh, right.” He managed to get the med kit on his back. Aden started off through the bushes. He stared up at the menacing outline of the trees that bordered the road. His body froze.
Aden stopped and looked back. She shone the beam of the flashlight on him. “Are you coming?”
He managed to blink. His whole body trembled.
“Michael, what are you afraid of? I’ve got a gun.”
He worked up enough spit to actually form words. “I’ve never cared much for a dark forest. It’s a wilderness, full of wild things.”
Aden looked around. “This isn’t a wilderness. This is my backyard.” She suddenly grabbed at her coat pocket, reached in, and drew out her phone. “Oh, look at that. It’s also a sacred spot.” She pressed a button and looked back up at Michael. “Remind me to call Sarah back later.”
Michael jumped when the radio crackled. Daniel called Sam for a status check.
Aden sighed. “Look, if you don’t want to come, fine. You can stay here but I have to go find Clem.” Aden turned and pushed her way into the undergrowth.
Michael couldn’t stop shivering. Old memories rolled like a storm through his mind. But Clem was out there. He could still see the bobbing light as it bounced off the trunks and branches.
“Aden?” He swallowed hard and pushed himself forward. “At least slow down a little.”
She paused and waited for him to catch up. She had turned the volume of her radio down and was holding it next to her ear. “That’s odd.”
Michael struggled over the hidden obstacles to reach her. “What is?”
“Joseph’s last transmission. He has to take a lost something to the truck first.”
Michael gulped down air. He hadn’t got very far and he was already drenched. “Something?”
Aden snapped the radio back onto her belt. “I don’t know. It was a native word, I think.” She turned the beam on him but not high enough to blind his eyes. “Are you okay?”
He could hardly stand. He was shaking so hard his teeth chattered. “I’ll live.”
“Okay, let’s go.” She started off again through the shrubbery. Michael did his best to keep up. He envied the ease at which Aden navigated the dense foliage that grabbed and snagged on every surface.
Aden stopped abruptly and turned around to catch him. “Be careful!”
He’d been so focused on trying to watch where she was going while keeping his own feet from getting tangled that he’d almost gone head first into the ravine in front of them.
Aden pointed at the steep slope. “Someone took a tumble. Look at the broken branches.”
She played her light down the side. It took Michael a moment to see what she was pointing out with the beam. “Could Clem be down there?”
“I don’t think this is bright enough to see all the way down.” She pulled off her pack and opened it, extracting a rope. She dropped the pack and leaned the gun on it.
Michael watched her tie the rope off to a tree. He had a bad feeling. “Aden. You don’t expect me to be able to go down that, do you?”
She looked up at him. “Just take the flash light and keep it trained on where I’m headed.”
She handed it to him and tugged on a pair of gloves. She tossed the coil of rope down the hill and snapped a large metal loop to both her belt and the rope. She started down.
“Aden?”
She paused and looked up at him. “What now?”
“Just be careful.”
She got an odd look on her face then continued her decent.
Michael did his best to keep the beam steady and on her course. It didn’t take her long to reach the bottom. She disappeared from the extent of the light but he could hear her moving around through the brush.
“I found something. Can you shine the light more to your left?”
Michael changed his position. “How’s that?”
“Better.” He could almost make out her shadowy outline. She held up an object. “Oh no. I think this is the antenna from a radio.”
Michael closed his eyes, trying not to remember the gruesome corpses he’d had to deal with already that day. He hoped she wasn’t going to stumble on another, especial if it was Clem.
“Hey, are you awake?”
Michael gasped. He opened his eyes and found Aden almost back up to the top. “Anything else?”
She unclipped herself from the rope. “A lot of confusing prints. It looks like a set of boots and a set of shoes.” She held the small black rod up to the light and compared it to the one on her radio. “I was afraid of that.”
“It’s an antenna?”
She nodded. “It looks like someone took a tumble down the hill. I’m guessing it was probably Clem. But he got up and headed north.”
Michael had no clue how she could tell directions out here in the dark.
The radio crackled and they both jumped. Sam called her name. Aden answered.
Sam’s voice was a tight whisper. “I found what looks like Clem’s boot prints but there are fresher barefoot tracks over them. I think this guy is tracking Clem!”
Aden told him what she’d found and got an idea of where he was. Both Daniel and Joseph added their locations.
In the pause, Michael heard what sounded like a snap in the distance. “Did you hear that?”
Aden was listening. “It’s to our north east.” She relayed the new information and freed the rope, stuffing it quickly back into the bag. She looked over at him. “We’re going to have to pick up the pace. Can you handle it?”
Michael was too scared to argue. “I’ll manage. Lead on.”
Aden swung on the pack, grabbed the gun, and took the flashlight back. She took off at a quick scurry, dodging the low branches.
Michael slid on moss covered logs and stumbled through unseen brambles, doing his best to keep the thin trail of light in sight. He knew they were getting closer by the sounds. There was definite crashing and snarling. A loud curse almost cause him to trip. It was Clem’s voice.
Aden stopped. She brought up the gun, the flashlight held tight against the long barrel. “Hold your position!” The gun bolt clicked into place.
Michael came up beside her and saw Clem in the narrow beam. He held a broken tree branch out in front of him. On the other side of the branch, just out of the direct beam, was a man dressed in rags that might have once been clothes. His hair was matted and clung to the side of his face. His lips were pulled back and he was snarling. It reminded Michael of a stray dog he had accidentally cornered once in the back alley.
Aden held steady. “Clem, are you all right?” 
Clem didn’t take his eyes off his adversary. “I’ve been better, but thanks for asking.” Michael could hear the shake in his voice.
Aden swung the beam to shine it on the other man. He shrieked and put his arms up to block the light. Aden gasped. “What’s with his eyes?”
Michael had seen the red tinge just briefly. “Not a good sign. It means lots of broken blood capillaries. Way beyond drug store eye drops.”
The brush on the other side of Clem rustled and Sam burst through, shouting. He grabbed Clem around the waist and pulled him away from the howling madman. His other arm brought his rifle up. “Get down on your knees, now!”
The man snarled, jumped forward and grabbed the gun barrel, pulling it out of Sam’s grasp. He threw it aside and advanced on the two men. Sam let go of Clem and put himself between him and the attacker.
Aden followed them with the light. “Sam, get out of there!”
The crazed man started to jump forward but Daniel came hurtling out of the darkness and tackled him. They sprawled together on the forest floor and Aden fought to keep them in the light.
Michael was impressed. “Wow. Did he play defense?”
“Our school didn’t have a football team.”
“What a waste.”
Aden found them finally and trained her gun on them. “I can’t risk the shot.”
Joseph came from a different direction. He grabbed the man and pulled him off of Daniel. The man whirled around, grabbed Joseph, and pushed him, with incredible force, into a tree. 
Michael was shocked. Joseph wasn’t exactly small. He could see that Joseph was breathing but he’d obviously been stunned by the collision.
The man turned back toward Daniel as if to pounce on him. Sam stood up with his gun pointed at him. “Get away from my son, you bastard!”
The man screamed and charged toward Sam. The report of the rifle echoed through the forest. The man jerked but kept coming. Sam shot him again. He shrieked loudly and leaped.
Aden’s rifle rebounded twice in fast succession. Michael winced. The man staggered and swung away from Sam into the darkness of the forest. Sam rushed after him in hot pursuit.
Aden gasped. “Sam!” She ran forward and started into the bush.
“Aden!” Joseph managed to extract himself from the tree branches and staggered forward.
Aden turned back just in time to catch him before he fell. She looked back at Michael. “A little help here?”
Michael managed to convince his legs to carry him forward. He came up beside Joseph and helped him lean on a fallen log.
Joseph waved them off. “I’ll be fine. See to Daniel and Clem.”
Michael was a little concerned by the way the older man was breathing but he turned around, searching for Clem in the shadows. “Hey, Army. Where are you?”
Clem came forward and leaned on a nearby tree. He was holding his left arm with his right. “Don’t worry about me. I’ve had worse.”
Aden had moved to Daniel’s side. She knelt down and shown the light on him. “Daniel. Can you hear me?”
He coughed and managed to open is eyes. “Damn. What the hell was that?”
Aden looked up at Michael. “Well? I can get out of the way if you need more room.”
Michael shook his head, knelt on the other side of Daniel, and pulled off the med kit. The endless repetitions of First Aid classes kicked in. He stopped thinking about it and let the protocols take over. He opened the med kit and found a pair of gloves then started to check Daniel’s injuries. “Some shallow cuts and bruises but I don’t feel any broken bones.” He looked closer at the cuts. “I don’t think any of these are from teeth or nails. They look like scrapes from branches.” Michael rummaged around in the med kit until he found antiseptic and bandages. 
Daniel tried to push him away. “I don’t need some fancy city doctor turning me into the mummy.”
Clem chuckled. “Behave and let Doc do his job.”
Michael groaned to himself. He still couldn’t understand where Aden had gotten that idea. Daniel ceased his resistance and Michael managed to clean and dress the wounds. “That’s the best I can do here.”
Daniel looked around and started to breathe hard. He looked over at Aden with wide eyes. “Where‘s my dad?”
Aden carefully put a hand on his bandaged shoulders. “We shot Duval but he staggered off. Sam followed him.”
Michael could tell by her tone that she was worried. There was nothing more he could do for Daniel so he got up and checked on the others.
Joseph was sitting with his eyes closed but he seemed to be breathing easier. Michael decided not to disturb him and turned to Clem. He was still holding his arm and Michael was concerned at the angle, fearing it might be broken. He pulled out his pen light to get a better look. “So what’s going on here?”
Clem shrugged. “It’s just a bit sore. He came out of nowhere and I didn’t have time to see where the nearest tree was before trying to get out of his way.”
Michael looked down at the med pack. “I could sling it up for you.”
“That might make it a little easier for me to walk back to my truck.” He winced as Michael carefully felt along the limb.
Michael pulled a cravat out of the med pack to fold a sling. “What were you doing out here anyway?”
“I was following Jack.”
Michael looked up at Clem’s face. “Jack?”
 “I was coming back from a run and noticed him walking along the side of the road looking at the ground so I slowed down. He ducked off into the forest so I parked and began following him on foot.”
“Good grief!” Aden looked around. “Do you mean that idiot is out wandering around in the woods somewhere?”
“No.” Joseph sighed and opened his eyes. “He’s sitting in Daniel’s truck with one arm tied to the steering wheel.” Everyone stared at him. Joseph shrugged. “It was the only way to keep him there. He kept threatening to go back out and find what he called ‘the Beast.’”
Aden sighed. “He’s crazy!”
“Crazy indeed.” Joseph laughed. “I found him stumbling through the bushes carrying a crossbow loaded with what he claimed was a silver-tipped arrow. He also had a bunch of wooden stakes in his coat pocket.”
Aden shook her head. “It’s a wonder he didn’t hurt himself or one of us. What are we going to do with him?”
“Send him home.” Daniel struggled to get up. Aden helped him. Daniel looked sullen. “His vampire is dead.”
* * *

Aden was startled when branches broke not far away. She swung the light in that direction and was relieved to see Sam’s face in its glow. “Sam!” She rushed forward and helped him through the last of the brambles into the small clearing.
Sam looked exhausted. “I can’t understand it. He should have dropped right there. I know we hit him. I saw him jerk all four times.”
Daniel hobbled forward and flung his arms around Sam’s shoulders. “I don’t care about him. I’m just glad you’re in one piece.”
Sam leaned into Daniel’s embrace for a moment and slung his free arm around him. Aden watched the play of emotions cross their faces. She couldn’t remember the last time she’d seen Daniel hug his father.
Joseph got up and went to them, placing a hand on each of their shoulders. “Let’s get out of the woods. It’s too dark to find anything tonight. I’ll come back in the morning for the body.”
Sam nodded and let go of Daniel. Daniel seemed a little more reluctant and Aden worried that his injuries were worse than they looked. But he straightened and turned to Joe. “I’ll come and give you a hand. I know a faster way to get back in here than where we’re parked.”
Sam turned and looked at Aden. He grinned slightly. “Nice shootin’, Kiddo.”
Aden grinned back and swallowed down the tears. “I’m with Joseph. Let’s go home.”
She walked over to where Michael was adjusting the sling on Clem’s arm. He wasn’t looking at her. She knew it was on purpose. His jaw was flexing.
Clem patted Michael on the arm with his free hand. “I’ll live, Doc. You can stop fussing like a mother hen.” He looked at Aden. “Is he always like this?”
Aden couldn’t speak. She just nodded.
Michael finally stopped pulling at the cloth. He reached down for the med pack. “That should at least get you back to town but you should really consider going it to the hospital and getting some x-rays.”
Clem chuckled. “I’ll be fine tomorrow.” He sighed and Aden saw the wince he tried to hide.
She shook her head. “We can at least get you back to your truck.”
Sam came up behind her and put a hand on her shoulder. “Okay, enough fun for one night.” He gave her a quick hug then looked at Clem. “I think we owe these two dinner. Wouldn’t you say?”
Clem grinned broadly. “Absolutely. Rendezvous at Annie’s it is!”
Aden watched Michael readjust the straps of the pack. He still hadn’t said anything to her and that worried her. Had she pushed him too hard?
She led the way back through the forest, carefully avoiding the gully that Clem had tumbled down. Aden was relieved when the flashlight beam reflected off the metallic paint of the Sheriff’s squad. She was soaked through from the night damp of the forest. “Are you going to be able to drive, Clem?”
He managed to chuckle. “It’s not that far back to town.”
Michael helped him to his truck. “You know, I could drive this for you if you’d rather be a passenger.”
Clem slapped Michael on the shoulder. “Heck, you practically carried me most of the way back here. I’m half recovered by now.” He grinned and pulled open the door.
Aden could see the brief flicker of pain cross his face. She glanced over at Michael. He shook his head. He helped Clem into the cab. “We’ll be right behind you, Buddy.”
“See you at Annie’s.” Clem started the truck, turned on the lights, and got it turned around.
Aden watched his tail lights disappear down the road toward town. “You probably should have driven for him.”
“The man has his pride.”
Aden shook her head and went to the back of the SUV. She opened it and was momentarily blinded by the dim cab light. Michael tossed the med kit in. She looked over at him. “Thanks for helping out tonight.”
Michael didn’t say anything. She noticed the set of his jaw. What did he really want to say to her that he was holding back?
She pulled out the gun case and quickly broke down the gun. It would have to be cleaned soon but she was too tired to think about that yet. She could feel Michael watching her. She glanced at him briefly as she slid the case back in. He had his arms crossed. His face looked stern in the shadows.
Aden reached to close the back doors and looked over at him. He turned and walked to the passenger side door and opened it so the light would stay on when she closed the back. She came to the front and got in the driver’s seat. 
Her hands were shaking so bad, she could hardly get the key into the ignition. Michael still wasn’t looking at her. He was staring out into the blackness. Aden tapped his arm. “You should probably buckle up.”
He laughed slightly. “Oh, wouldn’t want to break the law while riding in a Sheriff’s car, would we.” He pulled the belt on.
They were both quiet on the ride back to town. Aden was too tired to even think about trying to break the ice. 
Clem’s tow truck was already parked by the time they got back to town. She pulled into the gravel space in front of the Sheriff’s Office and cut the engine. 
Michael unbuckled and got out. Aden sat, listening to the plinks as the engine cooled. He tapped on her window, startling her.
Aden got out. He was standing there looking at her. He looked toward the café. “Are you going over?”
Aden trembled but she knew it was more than just the chill. “I should probably change first.”
“Good idea.” He looked down at his own clothes then up at her. She could see the muscles of his face moving, as if trying to decide on what expression to take. He finally shrugged. “I guess I’ll see you over there then.” He turned and walked away.
Aden felt like something inside was tearing. She wanted to call him back but had no idea what to say. She just stood there shivering, watching him walk down the street.
A couple sets of head lights came around the curve. A truck pulled in by the café and the SUV pulled in beside her, blocking her view. 
Sam got out and came over to where she stood. “You okay?”
Aden nodded and shut her eyes. Would a doctor seriously want to be seen with a lowly claims adjuster? Figure the odds. Her chest started to ache. She didn’t want to think about tomorrow. He would be the one leaving this time. She wouldn’t go back to Portland. Not now. Probably not ever. Maybe it would be better if she didn’t go over to the café tonight. She could come up with some excuse.
Sam touched her arm. “Kiddo, you should get out of those damp clothes.”
She opened her eyes and managed to nod. “I may pass on that dinner invitation.”
“Oh no you don’t. You need good hot food inside you as well as dry clothes on the outside.” He put an arm around her shoulders. “I know how hard it is to have to shoot someone. It’s a tough choice but he didn’t give us any other option.”
She hadn’t even thought about it. She tried to smile for him. “Thanks, Sam.” She resigned herself to having to deal with dinner. “I’ll be over shortly.”
By the time she got to the house, her teeth were chattering. She went up stairs and started the hot water in the shower, stripped out of the wet clothing, and stepped into the warmth. She let the heat soak in until she couldn’t stand it anymore. Then she got out, toweled off, and dressed. She considered braiding her hair but realized if she took much longer, Sam might come over looking for her. She pulled the damp hair into a bun and chose a warm jacket with a hood.
Aden walked to the café but paused in the entryway. She opened one of the heavy inner doors just enough to peer inside. Everyone was already gathered around a couple of tables that had been pushed together in the middle of the room. The local dinner crowd must have already left to return to their homes. She listened to their laughter and happy voices while watching Daniel’s animated retelling of the final conflict with Duval.
Aden noticed Jack was sitting off by himself in a corner. He didn’t look any worse for his trials but his expression was sour. Michael sat next to Clem but not at the main table that Sam, Joseph, Annie, and Cindy shared with Daniel. Aden noted the empty chair between Sam and Annie. They obviously expected her to join them at the main table.
Part of her felt like a foreigner in a strange land. She’d left this part of her life behind so long ago. Michael seemed more at home there than she felt. He sat talking with Clem. She could tell he’d also taken a shower. He was dressed casually, in jeans and a warm jersey.
Her attention was drawn back to the group at the main table where Daniel was calling for a toast to his dad. Aden couldn’t believe she was hearing it. She hadn’t heard Daniel call Sam ‘dad’ since they were 12 years old.
Sam hugged Daniel. She felt the tears burning in her eyes. At least this insanity had brought them together again.
Clem glanced over and noticed her. He waved and called her to join them. Aden reluctantly left the shelter of the doorway and moved toward the center of the room. She almost wished she could take a corner by herself as Jack had done. She looked at the empty chair within the main group. Just the thought of sitting there made her uncomfortable. She noticed a chair between Clem and Michael at the other table. She chose that instead.
Clem grinned at her warmly. “Annie’s got some brew on ice.” He held up the bottle.
“No, thanks.” She noticed that Michael had a bottle on a small cardboard coaster in front of him but it looked untouched. He was flipping the nickel around in his fingers.
Annie got up and disappeared into the kitchen, returning moments later with a plate of food. She set it in front of Aden and gave her a hug. “You need to eat something, Honey. You look pale.” She went back and sat down.
Aden picked up the fork but her throat felt too tight to swallow anything. She pushed the morsels around on the plate.
Michael put the nickel down on the table in front of her. She looked up at him. His face was serious. She knew that look all too well. He wasn’t going to rest until he got the answers he wanted.
Clem leaned on the table with his good arm and pointed at her plate. “If you’re practicing mental levitation, it isn’t working.”
Aden put the fork down. “I’m really not hungry.”
“Aden, Clem’s right. You do need to eat. You expanded a lot of energy tonight, not just trekking through the forest, but also in heat loss.”
She couldn’t handle Michael’s clinical analysis at that moment. She pushed the plate away. “I shouldn’t have come.” She got up and went toward the door. She heard the scrape of a chair and knew she was being followed but she didn’t stop. She pushed through the main doors and out into the entry.
His arms caught her before she could escape into the night. “You are not running away from me again.” He pulled her back and held her tightly in his arms. Aden could feel his warm breath on the back of her neck. “Why didn’t you come back to the University?”
Her face felt too hot. She couldn’t hold it back. “Because I wasn’t part of that world anymore. The rest of you had all your big careers to look forward to and I had nothing. My entire life had fallen apart and you didn’t care.” He started to interrupt but she pulled free from his grasp. Her legs made contact with the wooden bench by the wall and she slumped down onto it and covered her face with her hands. “I tried to tell you but you were too busy. When I told you I was going to Chicago, you said you didn’t care!”
He sat next to her and gently pulled her hands from her face. “You have no idea how much I regret some of the things I said.” His voice shook. He put a hand under her chin and lifted her head. “The two years we were together were the only ones that had been worth living.” His voice trailed off to a whisper. She could hear the catch in it.
She turned away and stood up, facing the outside doors. The chilled seeped through them and she wrapped her arms around herself. “I’m not the person I used to be.” Not the person she had wanted to be by now. “I’m not a lawyer. I work for an insurance company as a claims adjuster.” Her vision was blurring and her throat burned from the harsh whisper. “When I came back and enrolled in PCC, I had enough credits to qualify for the first year of Criminal Justice so I went for the program and got an Associates Degree. That’s it. That’s all I am. A minion among the millions, just like we used to joke about with the gang.”
He stood up and pulled her close. “I don’t care. None of that matters.” His body trembled. “Aden.” His voice shook. He held her tighter.
Her lungs contracted and the sob escaped. She started to curl forward but he caught her and turned her around, encircling her with his arms. All the memories that she had worked so hard to contain broke through. The anguish stabbed deeply and she melted into his arms finally accepting his embrace. How many nights had she cried into her pillow, wishing it had been him next to her? She could hear him struggling. She clung to him.
Michael buried his face in her hair and kept whispering her name. He held her tightly, his body trembling. He buried his face in her shoulder. “I’ve missed you so much.” Michael brought his hands up and cradled her face, gently pulling it up. He rested his forehead on hers. She felt his warmth on her face. “Aden, I’m so sorry. I was too focused on school. I should have paid more attention to you.”
She put her finger over his lips and shook her head. “We were both focused on our careers. Mine just didn’t work out.”
He pulled her close again. She didn’t resist. He started to tremble. “Aden. I have to tell you.”
She heard the squeak of the heavy wooden doors behind them and knew they were no longer alone. She felt Michael tense and controlled herself enough to pull away from him.
Jack cleared his throat. “Sorry, if you could pause your groping long enough so I could get by you, I’d appreciate it.”
Aden caught Michael’s arm before he could turn around and plant a fist into Jack’s face. She pulled him to the side of the entryway and peered around his shoulder. “I’m sorry you didn’t get your vampire. At least it’s over.”
Jack stared at her a moment then laughed harshly. “I wouldn’t be too sure about that.” He shook his head and pushed pass them out into the night.
Aden shuddered. She tried to tell herself it was from the cold air that had come in as Jack left. She glanced up at Michael. His eyes were closed. She could see the moisture at their edges. She sighed. She could hear laughter in the main dining room and Clem’s voice getting louder as he said his goodnight to the group.
Clem slowly pushed open the door. “Sorry to interrupt. I’m just passing through.”
Michael shook his head. “It’s all right.” He let her go and turned with his hand out. “Thanks for everything.”
Clem smiled and shook Michael’s hand. “No worries. Maybe you’ll come up some time when it isn’t as crazy. There are some great fishing holes around here.”
Michael grinned. “So where do you sleep, in the ambulance or tow truck?”
Clem laughed. “Neither, man. I got a flat above the shop where I hang my hat. Come up some time and we’ll swap some tales.” He nodded at Aden. “He’s right, you know. You should go eat some food.” He winked and slipped out the door.
Michael grinned. “He’s quite a character.”
All she could do was nod. She suddenly felt too warm. The thought of food made her stomach lurch. “I need to get some sleep.” She blinked away the tears and turned toward the door.
Michael caught her arm. “I’ll walk you home.”
The phrase seemed out of place and time. The small entry felt like it was trying to crush her. “No, that’s okay.” She moved toward the door again. The world seemed to be spinning around her.
Michael caught her before she fell. “Aden, are you okay?”
She wanted to run all the way home and hide under her bed like she used to do when there was a thunderstorm. She found herself back in his arms. She didn’t resist. His arms felt safe.
He found her face with his hand and gently lifted her chin. His lips found hers and he enveloped her in his embrace.
It had been too long. Memories of the two years they had shared together flooded through her mind. She felt like she was drowning. She struggled to push them back into their box. Aden finally managed to regain her balance and broke the contact. “I need to go.”
Michael straightened but didn’t release her. “Would you rather stay with me tonight? The cabin I’m in has a queen sized bed.”
She didn’t know what she wanted at that moment. Everything seemed so confusing. He claimed it didn’t matter but he was a doctor and would be going back to Portland in the morning. She’d never see him again. Her vision blurred. Her throat tightened. “I can’t.” 
Michael’s arms tensed and he let her go. “Ya, of course.” His voice was thick.
She suddenly felt so alone. She wanted to be back in his arms but he’d crossed them over his chest. Her body shook. “Will I see you tomorrow?”
He looked away. “I don’t know. It’s a long drive back to Portland.”
The coldness of his tone reminded her of the day she’d left for Chicago. It was too much for her. She turned and fled out into the night.
* * *

Michael staggered and braced himself against the wall. She left again. He pushed forward through the outside doors but she was already gone. That had been the second dumbest thing he’d ever done in his life. When was he going to get it right? He wanted to call out to her but he was afraid she’d tell him where to go. He waited for a moment but the chill forced him to retreat back inside. He stood alone in the entryway, listening to the others chatting happily inside. Michael gave up on her turning around and coming back. Why should this time be different?
He wiped his eyes and pulled himself together. He at least needed to retrieve his coat. It was a lot colder here than in Portland. He took a final breath to steady his nerves and went back into the main room.
He was grateful none of them seemed to notice him. He pulled his coat  off the chair and turned to go back the way he’d come.
“Wait a minute.” Annie’s voice startled him. Michael turned back around to see her standing next to the table. “You forgot something.” She held out the nickel to him.
His throat tightened. It took him a moment to get enough air to even answer. “You keep it. It doesn’t seem to be doing me any good.” He turned away and slipped out the door before she could say anything else.
Michael walked out into the night, letting the cold air sooth his burning face. He shoved his hands in his pockets and wished he’d brought a warmer coat. He started walking back on the graveled path toward the cabin Annie had let him use. A lighted square on the ground made him look up toward the source. It was coming from a small window above the service station. Clem must still be up. He scuffed his feet, listening to the chatter of the gravel.
“Didn’t expect to see you alone tonight.”
Michael’s heart skipped a beat. He peered through the darkness, looking for Clem. “Where are you?”
“Over here, by the stairs.”
Michael looked at the outline of the building and finally found the shape of Clem. He threaded his way through the trees in that direction.
Clem was sitting on a wooden bench, leaning against the side of the shop. “Sorry if I startled you.”
“I’m just not used to such darkness. You tend to avoid dark corners where I come from.”
Clem chuckled. “No doubt.” He motioned to the empty side of the bench. “I don’t miss big cities. All the noise, congestion, and pollution. Too many people in one place for their own good.”
Michael sat down next to Clem. “Can’t argue with that. It’s just where the work is.”
Clem hummed. “I suppose you’ll be headed back there tomorrow.”
“I was supposed to be back at work in the morning. I’m going to miss a day as it is.” He leaned back and looked up. Patches of stars twinkled between the passing clouds.
“General or specialty?”
“What?”
“Your area. Are you a general MD or do you have a field that you specialize in?”
“Oh.” Michael shook his head. He’d wished he’d been able to tell Aden. “Biotechnology.”
Clem whistled. “That’s fancy!”
Michael shut his eyes. “Not really. I spend most of my day staring at a microscope.” It wasn’t the career he’d dreamed of either.
Clem frowned. “I’d think you’d have a bunch of interns for the mundane stuff. What kind of thing do you deal with? Cancer treatments and such?”
Michael closed his eyes. He didn’t really want to think about his job. It was going to be hard enough to leave in the morning. His throat tightened again at the thought. Was he going to be able to just drive away?
Clem tapped him on the shoulder. He was standing, looking down at him. “It’s damn cold out here. Why don’t you come up for a spell?” He held out the hand of his uninjured arm.
Michael took it and let the man pull him to his feet. “Sorry. I think everything from today is finally catching up with me.”
“No doubt.” Clem led the way up the back stairs.
Michael stepped inside and shut the door behind. He followed Clem up another inner stairway to another door. He had to duck to step inside.
Clem pointed to an old battered couch against one wall. “Make yourself at home.” He dropped on to an old army style cot and pulled out a case from under the bed. He opened it and selected a bottle. “Can I offer you some?”
Michael looked at the scotch and shook his head. He closed his eyes. He’d sworn a long time ago that he’d never take that route again. It had cost him too much. It finally clicked what Aden had said to him earlier. She’d come back to the apartment but he’d already moved out. He wanted to cry. It had cost him Aden, too.
“I never thought that ragged thing was very comfortable myself.” There was a chink as the bottle met the glass.
 He opened his eyes and watched Clem poured himself a shot. Michael didn’t want to think about it. He looked around the small space. The room was packed with an odd assortment of objects. It reminded him of his grandmother’s attic when he was a kid. A guitar tucked back in a corner caught his eye. “Do you play?”
“Me? Heck no. Oh, I’ve plucked at it a couple of times but it just makes unpleasant noise.” He reached over and extracted it from the rest of the collection. “I got it from a kid who couldn’t afford the payment to fix his car. I really didn’t want to take it but he insisted.” He shrugged and pointed the neck in Michael’s direction. “And you?”
Michael took the guitar and strummed the strings. He cringed. “A little out of tune.”
Clem laughed. “Could have fooled me. My mama used to say I couldn’t carry a tune in a bucket.”
Michael ran his fingers along the ebony inlays. “It’s a beauty.” He looked at Clem. “Do you mind if I tune it up?”
“Help yourself. I can tune up an engine but I’m all thumbs on that thing.”
Michael carefully turned the pegs, conscious of the perils of snapping strings. In a few minutes, he’d gotten a passable tone. He touched his fingers lightly to get the harmonics. The box had a sweet natural reverb. He glanced at the label inside. He should have known. It was a Martin. “You got quite a deal from that kid.”
Clem shrugged. “So what can you do with that thing?”
Michael put his fingers on the frets. He hadn’t touched a guitar since, well, he didn’t want to remember. They found their places as if by instinct and he picked a short melodic piece.
When he finished, Clem slapped his knee. “So that’s what it’s supposed to sound like.” Michael started to hand it back but Clem put up his hand. “Oh, no! It doesn’t like me. You keep it.”
Michael was shocked. “Clem, this is a classic.”
Clem laughed. “Only in the hands of someone who knows what he’s doing and that ain’t me.” He leaned back against the slanted wall. “You got a voice to go with that?”
Michael shook his head. “Only in polite company.” He started strumming and found a song long buried in his memories. He tried to pull out the words. He hummed the melody and a line came to him. “Where has the time gone as it passed by? I have no answers, I still ask why. Could it be different if we did it again?” His throat closed and his fingers froze. The silence was oppressive.
Clem sighed. “How long were you and Aden together?”
Michael closed his eyes. “A little over two years. We met towards the end of freshman year.” And she had left for an internship at the end of junior year and never come back. But she had. He had been the one who had left.
“Annie serves up an awesome breakfast. I’m betting Aden will be there.”
Michael looked up at Clem. “I don’t know what to say to her. I keep messing it up.” He crossed his arms over the top of the guitar body and rested his chin on them. “Maybe it would be better if I left early.”
“That sounds like an uncertain diagnosis.” Clem looked at the bottle. “You sure I can’t tempt you?”
“You should see what that stuff does to the inner lining of your stomach, to say nothing of your liver.”
Clem frowned and sat staring at the empty glass in his hands. “You can’t keep running away from what you feel.”
“How do you know?”
“I know.” Clem tucked the bottle back into the box. “I used to be married.” He closed the lid and shoved the box back under the bed then leaned back and looked at Michael across the small space. “We all have these moments in our lives where what seems unimportant at the time turns out to be the most crucial event. The problem is, we don’t recognize it.” 
Michael’s gaze wandered and he sat staring at nothing in particular for a moment. “I think my problem is, that happened eighteen years ago. It’s too late.” He could feel the ache of tiredness creeping into his body. He sighed. “I need to get some sleep.” He stood up and almost smacked his head on the slanted wall.
“Watch out for that.” Clem leaned forward and stood up. “The trick is to know where to put your feet.” He grinned. “It also helps to pay attention.”
“You’re probably right.” Michael said goodnight and made his way down the inner stairs.
Clem called down from the loft. “There’s a light switch to the right of the door. I’ll turn it off later. See you in the morning.”
Michael went out, thankful for the exterior light to help him navigate the narrow stairway outside. He found his way back to the cabin and set the guitar down on a chair in the corner. It was a quaint little room with rustic furniture. The bed frame looked as though it had been carved by hand and the dresser was made out of wood with an unusual twisted pattern in the grain. The lamp on the matching bedside table had a scene depicting deer grazing in a forest glade painted on the shade and the base was a carved wooden design that included a couple of deer, one standing and one laying next to it.
He sat down on the bed and stared at the paneled wall. He wished there was a television but he doubted they had service way out here. He flopped back and closed his eyes. What was he going to do in the morning?
He didn’t remember falling asleep. He drifted half awake and was momentarily confused by the silence. There was no rumble of traffic or bang of dumpster lids. He thought he could hear the faint chatter of birds.
Michael opened his eyes and found himself in a tangle of bedding. The lamp was still on but warm sunshine lit the woodland scenes on the curtains. He untangled himself, showered, and dressed. He shoved his dirty clothes into one end of his overnight bag, zipped it closed, and picked up the guitar. He made a final survey of the room, turned out the light, and shut the door.
The morning air was cold, despite the warm beams of sunlight that illuminated the mist still lingering within the trees. It was a magical effect. He deposited his things in the car and looked toward the main building. Would she be there? He took a deep breath and blew out a shroud of sunlit steam around his face. There was only one way to tell.
The main room was quiet compared to the previous evening. Jack sat alone at a table. A few other folks who Michael assumed were other local residents, sat in small collectives at other tables. Aden wasn’t among them.
Jack noticed him and called him over. “They have a great breakfast menu. Care to join me?”
Michael looked around the room and noticed the seats by the counter. “No, but thanks anyway.” He ignored Jack’s disappointed look and moved to one of the wooden-backed stools at the front.
Cindy came bustling out of the back with a folded stand in one hand and a tray of plates balanced in the other. She smiled at him. “I’ll be with you in a moment.” On her way back through, she dropped a menu in front of him. She smiled broadly and hummed a soft tune as she disappeared back into the kitchen. She certainly seemed to be in a better mood than he’d seen her before.
Michael studied the menu. There was a wide selection. He was distracted when someone turned over the coffee cup next to his hand. He put the menu down and found Annie standing there with a coffee pot. “Can I interest you in some coffee?”
“Sounds great.” She poured a cupful. Michael glanced around. “Do you have cream and sugar?”
“You’re a city boy, aren’t you?” She reached under the counter and produced a glass dish filled with assorted variations of sweeteners and creamers. 
“How did you know?”
“We see our fair share of tourists around here.” Annie smiled. “Just holler when you need it topped.” She moved off around the room, chatting with customers as she refilled cups.
Michael went back to the menu, trying to decide what the least dangerous item on it might be. As Annie came back, he set the menu down. “I’d like to settle up my bill so I can get on the road soon.”
She frowned. “There’s no charge for the room or last night’s meal. That’s covered by the Sheriff’s Department for your service to the community.”
“I really didn’t do that much.”
Annie flipped her hand. “Nonsense! You came all the way out here and dealt will all that nasty mess.” She sighed. “I was kind of hoping you might decide to stay a little longer.” She topped off the coffee that he’d barely touched. “I could tell that you and Aden have some history.” Her voice dropped to a whisper. “I got the feeling last night that the two of you might have a little bit more to get worked out.”
Michael studied Annie’s expression. He tried to decide what to say. Before he could, Cindy returned and asked him for his order and Annie wandered off to refill coffee cups.
Annie eventually returned and topped off his cup. Michael chewed on his lower lip. “Does Aden get home much?”
Annie’s face went tight. She shook her head. “This is the first time she’s been home in 20 years. Shame it was a funeral that was responsible. At least she came home for this one.” She pulled a towel out of her apron strings and rubbed the spotless counter. “She couldn’t get home for her mom’s. I guess she was headed half way across the country at the time and couldn’t change her plans.”
Michael stared at the coffee in his cup. “When was that?”
“Oh, it’s been ages now. Probably eighteen years or so.”
Michael closed his eyes. A vague memory stirred. Aden had gotten a call in the middle of the night. She’d been upset the next day but they weren’t talking. They had already been arguing about her acceptance of the internship in Chicago. His chest tightened. How much had she given up to accept that internship?
Annie sighed. “It had been tougher on Alan. Gloria had been slowly fading right in front of him. She’d spent the last few weeks down in the city hospital. Stacked up some serious bills. He almost lost his house.” She paused.
Michael looked up at her. “What happened?”
Annie didn’t meet his eyes. “He had to use the money he’d put away for Aden’s college tuition to pay everything off. It nearly broke his heart.” Her voice trembled and she put a hand over her mouth.
Michael closed his eyes. Now he knew why she hadn’t come back to school. His throat burned. Why hadn’t he called her?
The heavy main doors pushed open and Daniel’s deep voice resounded around the room. “Hey, mom. Could you bring us some coffee?”
Michael glanced over to where Daniel and Joseph had taken a seat. Annie took the coffee pot over. “Are you boys okay?”
Daniel leaned back in his chair and sipped at the coffee. “Slightly better now.”
The main doors swung open again. Aden came in with Sam. Michael was immediately concerned by her pale complexion. He wondered if she’d gotten anything to eat at all the previous day. He got her attention and motioned to the chair next to his.
Aden hesitated a moment, glanced at Sam, and then came to join him. Sam sat down with Daniel and Joseph. Aden perched on the high-backed stool next to his but didn’t meet his eyes. “I wasn’t sure you’d still be here.”
“I wasn’t sure you’d still speak to me.”
Aden didn’t say anything. Michael glanced back to the table where Sam had joined Daniel and Joseph. Annie turned over Sam’s cup and poured him some coffee.
Sam thanked her and took a sip. “Well, how far did he get?”
Daniel exchanged a quick glance with Joseph before meeting his father’s gaze. “We couldn’t find him.”
The entire room seemed to go still. Michael felt Aden turn in her seat and noticed she was also staring at them.
Joseph set his cup down. “We searched the entire area. There was no sign of the body.”
“Did you really expect to?”
Sam’s brow went up as he turned toward Jack. “Are you still here?”
“And so is the Beast. It won’t be able to go far. Sounds like you injured it pretty severely last night so it will need to feed soon to recover.”
Everyone in the room turned and stared at Jack. Daniel glared at him. “What kind of nonsense are you spouting now?”
Jack didn’t look up from the notebook he was reading. “You can’t kill a vampire with regular bullets. You have to use silver.”
Daniel snorted. “So sorry. The store was fresh out.”
Jack pursed his lips and patted his notebook. “I’ve done a lot of research on them. They can take just about anything except silver bullets, a wooden stake through the heart, fire, or beheading. You did none of those things to the Beast, therefore, it is still out there.”
Jack put down his book and turned toward Michael. “You did the autopsy on that motorist yesterday. You saw what the Beast did to him. It’s not human.”
Michael swallowed hard. All the people in the room had turned to look at him.
Joseph held up his hand. “We lost his trail near a creek. He could have stumbled along the water and ended up falling into the river. The current would have washed him away.”
That seemed to satisfy most of the people in the room. They turned and went back to eating. Jack sighed deeply. “Whatever you want to believe.” He ignored them and picked up his book again.
Michael felt a shiver go down his spine. It had unnerved him to see the guy shot four times and still stagger away. He tried to shift his mind away from the thought. 
Fortunately he was distracted by Cindy’s return. She set a plate of food down in front of him and hurried off with a tray of other platters. Michael stared at it in amazement. “You’ve got to be kidding. Do they really expect just one person to eat all this?” He looked over at Aden. She was looking at the plate. He picked up a roll of silverware and held it out to her. “I don’t suppose you’d care to help me eat a plate of cardiac-arrest?”
Aden accepted the bundle. “It’s breakfast in the land of lumberjacks.” She picked the fork out of the bundle and stabbed a piece of fried potato.
Michael picked up his own fork and started eating. He listened as Sam quizzed Daniel and Joseph on what they’d found.
Michael glanced back again as Sam sighed. “So all you found was a trail of blood and you lost it by the creek?”
“It’s the predator instinct for self-preservation.” Jack’s tone was flat, like a professor answering an obvious question.
Aden put down her fork and turned to look at Jack. “I thought we had closed this discussion. For the last time, Jack, there is no such thing as vampires.”
Jack looked ready to argue the point so Michael spoke up. “Jack, we all saw him last night. He didn’t have fangs or glowing eyes. He just looked mentally insane, which would account for his brutal actions.”
Aden stood up. “And Duval was a drug user, which could explain the damage he took before running off. Some drugs stimulate the adrenal gland, which blocks pain and produces momentary increases in strength.”
Jack glared at them. “And they can’t find the body? Does it cause invisibility, too?”
Daniel rose out of his chair and faced him. “Weren’t you listening? We lost his tracks in a creek that leads to the river. If he followed it, he would have ended up going over the edge. He’s probably all the way out in the Pacific by now.”
Joseph put his hand on Daniel’s arm and drew him back down to his seat. “We’ll go out again after breakfast and search along the riverside in case the currents washed him up on shore. There’s a couple of log jams between this branch of the river and the main bed. We’ll check those, too.” His calm, matter-of-fact tone settled everyone in the room.
Cindy came back out of the kitchen with three heaping plates of food on a tray and set them down in front of the men. They dug in and dropped their voices. Cindy stopped behind the counter and looked at the plate in front of Michael. “How’s everything?”
Michael looked over at Aden but she shook her head. He looked down at the remains of food on the plate. “There’s no way we’re going to be able to finish all this.”
Cindy smiled tightly and picked up the plate. “That’s okay. Old Henry collects the scraps every night. What his goats and chickens don’t eat, McGrayson’s dogs do.” She shot a quick glance at Aden and walked away.
Michael didn’t miss the look on Aden’s face. He sincerely hoped that she’d gotten enough to eat.
Sam called to them. “Could you two join us for a moment?”
Michael didn’t really want to but Aden was already moving toward their table. She pulled two chairs from a nearby table and offered one to Michael. He reluctantly sat down.
Sam looked at him. He dropped his voice. “Aden mentioned Duval was a drug user. What would it take to determine what kind of drugs he was on?”
Michael considered the kinds of tests he did in the lab. “Depending on the drug, either a urine or blood sample.”
Daniel took another big bite and managed to talk around it. “When we find him, I’ll keep that in mind. He seems to be leaking out all over the place.”
Joseph looked up from across the table. “Would it have to be a fresh sample?”
“No. Most pathology labs could analyze even a dry one if it hasn’t been contaminated.”
Sam swallowed down the last of his meal. “Doc, we really appreciate everything you’ve done to help us, especially coming out here on such short notice. We sure couldn’t have resolved this as quickly as we did without your help.”
“Oh, my.” Aden looked at Sam. “I should really call Detective Peters and let him know.”
“I’d appreciate it, Kiddo. Thanks for your help, too. I know you still have a lot to do over at the house.”
Aden rose and wished the men good luck. Michael followed her lead. She went out the main doors.
Michael managed to get around her in the entry and hold one of the outer doors open for her.
Aden went out but paused on the wide front porch. She stood staring at the street. “I suppose you have to get on the road soon.”
He could hear the catch in her voice. There was so much he wanted to say to her. His throat tightened.
A car came down the road and pulled into the pumps. Clem came out, his arm still in the sling. His cheerful voice floated on the gentle breeze.
Michael closed his eyes, remembering his conversation with Clem from the previous night. He focused on Aden. He stepped up behind her, afraid to touch. “Aden, what are you going to do now?”
She stepped down off the porch and walked slowly toward the edge of the road. He followed. Aden pointed down the street. “Do you see that two story house at the very end of the street? That was my dad’s place. I’m kind of stuck with it now. I suppose if I fix it up, I might be able to find someone crazy enough to buy it, or at least rent it.”
He carefully put his hands on her shoulders. “That’s not what I meant.”
She fought with a loose strand of hair that the morning breeze sent across her face. He caught it and tucked it back behind her ear. He felt her shoulders tense under his fingers.
“Aden.” His voice broke. He managed to swallow down the knot forming in his throat. “Where are you going from here?”
 “I don’t know.” She turned around, forcing him to let go. “I’ve taken an extended leave from work but the rest of my life is up in Seattle.” She closed her eyes. “Sam has offered me a job as deputy sheriff while I’m here.”
“Are you going to take it?”
She frowned. “I think I accidentally did yesterday.”
“What do you mean?”
Aden shrugged. “When I talked to the detective from Portland, I told him I was the deputy.”
Michael was distracted by the buzz of his phone. He ignored it.
Aden glanced around. “Must be a sacred spot.”
“What?”
Aden explained the concept. “Aren’t you going to look at your phone?”
He reluctantly pulled it from his pocket. There were six missed calls and four messages. How many of them were from work? He glanced at the time. He should have been there two hours ago. He slipped the phone back into his pocket. “I’ll check them later.”
“I don’t want to keep you from something important.”
Michael felt his gut crunch. “Aden, there’s nothing more important at this moment.” He had to tell her. “I’m not,”
“Aden!”
Michael turned at the urgency in Clem’s voice as he rushed toward them. He looked worried.
Aden grabbed his good arm. “What is it, Clem?”
“That car that I just gassed up, the driver said he saw a vehicle not far from the highway pulled into a gate access. The driver’s door was open so he stopped in case someone needed help. He didn’t see anyone around.”
Aden’s face went pale. “Sam is in the Café. I’ll go get him!” She turned to Michael, her eyes wide. “I’m sorry. I have to go.”
He watched her run up the steps of the café and disappear in side. He sighed deeply. “I just can’t seem to do this.”
Clem groaned. “Oh no. Don’t tell me. I interrupted you again.”
Michael heard them coming before he saw them. Daniel and Joseph ran toward a truck and Sam and Aden crossed the road and jumped into one of the rigs. 
Sam backed out and slowed briefly, his window rolled down. “Clem, stay on com in case we need you.”
“You got it, Sam.” Clem patted the portable radio clipped to his belt.
Michael could see Aden sitting in the passenger side. “Be careful!” She nodded and Sam drove away. She was gone again.
* * *

Aden watched the trees flying by. She had walked away from him again. No, this time she’d actually been running. And he would probably be gone by the time she got back.
Sam shot her a quick glance. “You okay, Kiddo?”
The emotional war inside her made her tremble. How could she have done that twice in one life time? “Ya, I’m fine.”
He was quiet for a moment as he slowed enough to round a curve. “Everything okay between you and Doc?”
She swallowed the lump that was forming in her throat. She didn’t know. Aden tried to focus on the road side ahead of them. She saw the flash of sunlight on metal up ahead. “There it is.”
Sam slowed and turned into the forest road entrance. Daniel’s truck was already there, idling next to a small car. Daniel swung the gate open and called for Joseph to pull the truck forward so Sam had room to get in.
Sam leaned out his window and called to Daniel. “Is there any place that we can pull off and keep the access clear?”
Daniel shouted to Joseph and the pick-up moved on. “Just follow Joe. It’s maybe 50 yards down the lane.”
Sam turned to Aden. “Why don’t you get a head start looking around?”
Aden nodded and jumped out. Sam drove away and she walked toward the car. It was parked at an odd angle.
Daniel caught up with her. “Its front bumper was almost touching the gate and we found the driver’s side door open.”
Aden looked down at the ground around the car. “Well, we aren’t going to find much in the way of tracks with this gravel.”
Daniel surveyed the forested road side. “Maybe the guy stopped to take a dump. It’s not all that uncommon out here, especially this close to the highway.”
Aden touched the hood of the car. It was cold. “If he did, he’s got serious constipation.”
Daniel chuckled. “I'll go look around.” He started down the road, whistling and calling as if the driver was a dog.
Aden shook her head and looked into the car. The keys were still in the ignition. She opened the car door and peered at the steering column. The ignition was in the on position. The pit of her stomach tingled. She reached for the headlight switch. It was already on. She felt the tingle work its way up her spine. She turned off the headlights and pushed the key toward the start position. The car gave a brief whine then was silent. Her mouth went dry.
Aden heard Sam and Joseph working their way toward her. They were also calling out to anyone who could hear them. She motioned to get Sam’s attention and he jogged up. “What have you got?”
“This car has been sitting here for hours. The battery is almost dead.”
He stared at her a moment. “Could Duval have got this guy before we got him?”
Aden shook her head. “The lights were on. There was just enough juice left to turn it over once. There’s about an eight hour limit to a car battery with that kind of drain on it. I dealt with a claim that had this issue.”
Sam looked down the forest road where Joseph was walking toward them. He shook his head. “No sign of anyone. Could it be a drop and run?”
Aden leaned over the front window and looked at the VIN number. Sam pulled out a pad and she called it out to him. He also wrote down the license plate number. He moved off toward the road to get clear of the trees and pulled his portable from his belt to call for dispatch.
Daniel came jogging back. “I didn’t find anything down the road.” He glanced over at Sam. “What’s dad up to?”
Aden couldn’t help but smile. “He’s calling it in to see if it’s stolen.”
Daniel nodded then grinned slightly. “Did I actually see a smile cross your face?”
Aden shrugged but turned to Sam as he came back. “Kathy checked the listings. This car isn’t on it. She’s looking up the owner’s information to put a call in, just to make sure.”
The radio in his hands crackled with static. He had to move back out toward the road to get signal. Aden watched him as Joseph and Daniel did a wider search around the car. 
Sam came back, his face grim. “Kathy talked to the guy’s wife. He’s from Albany. He was headed out to Newport on business. She said he left early this morning because he was supposed to be there at 6am.”
Aden looked around. “I’m guessing he didn’t make it.”
“So where is he?”
Jack’s insistence echoed in her mind but she shook it away. It couldn’t have been Duval. They were several miles from the place he’d been shot. There was no way he could have made it down here alive.
Daniel and Joseph came back. Sam filled them in then turned to Aden. “We’ve got to go look for this guy. Maybe he did stop for a break and got lost or hurt.”
She nodded. “I kind of wish I would have grabbed a rifle.”
Daniel grinned. “I got an extra one in my truck that you can borrow.”
“There’s also an extra portable in my rig.” Sam looked at the other men. “We’ll split up. Dan, you and Joe take the south side of the lane. Aden and I will take the north.”
They made a quick stop at the vehicles to grab munitions and a radio for Aden then headed off down the forest service road. It came to a Y shortly and Aden understood why Sam had divided them up.
She and Sam each worked a different side of the road as they made their way along the north fork. Aden tried not to think about Michael. She briefly contemplated going to Diana’s party but then dismissed the idea. It would be just as bad, if not worse.
They had just come around a corner when Aden thought she saw something in the road. She turn to tell Sam and he disappeared. Aden gasped and ran to his side of the road. She could hear him thrashing in the bushes. “Sam!” She started in the direction he’d gone and caught herself at the last moment as her foot dropped out from under her. The thick brush along the side of the road hid a steep drop off. She called again then remembered the radio.
Aden called for Sam several times without response. Daniel finally called her. “Sam’s gone down an embankment! I can’t see him and I don’t have a rope with me.”
“Hang on! We’re headed in your direction.” Daniel signed off.
Aden tried to see through the brambles but it was too dense. She finally heard movement down below. “Sam? Can you hear me?”
She heard him groan then more movement. Then she heard him swear. Her heart froze. “Sam, are you hurt?”
“No.” She heard what sounded like someone loosing their stomach contents. Sam coughed then cleared his throat. A few moments later he called her name.
Aden had a pretty good idea of where he was. “Are you okay?”
“I’ll live, which is more than I can say for our missing motorist.” She heard the crackle of the radio as Sam called for Clem.
Daniel came jogging up the road at a steady pace. She could see the concern on his face. She waved and gave him a thumbs up to let him know Sam was okay.
Clem answered the radio. Sam’s voice sounded shaky. “We’re going to need a bag and if Doc is still around, maybe you could ask him to join you.”
Aden’s stomached tightened. “Sam?”
Clem acknowledged and Sam cleared the channel. “I’m all right.”
Daniel stopped beside her. “Joe went back for the truck. We can use the winch to pull him up.” He looked down over the edge. “Dad? are you at the bottom?”
“Ya, we both are.”
Daniel looked puzzled. “You and who else?”
“The missing motorist.”
Joseph arrived shortly and he helped Daniel with the winch unit. Daniel went down the side and brought Sam up. Aden noticed both of their faces shared the same pallor.
Daniel shook his head. “That is just sick.”
All she could do was nod. She remembered all too well what the first motorist had looked like.
The rumble of an engine startled her. She turned and watched the rescue squad come around the corner. Michael was sitting in the front seat next to Clem. She felt warmth return to her numb body.
The squad stopped next to Daniel’s truck. Clem and Michael got out. Clem went to the back and Michael came forward. The expression on his face was unreadable.
Michael glanced at her but said nothing. He looked at Sam. “Where’s the body?”
Sam pointed to the edge. “Down there.”
Michael started walking for the edge and Aden ran forward and grabbed him. “Trust me. The first step is a doozy.”
He stopped and looked at her. “How am I going to look at the body?”
Clem chuckled as he handed Daniel a black bag and a pair of gloves. “I think you should let the body come to you.”
Daniel swallowed hard. Aden could tell he was having his own issues. She came up to him. “Do you want some help?”
He looked uncertain. “Aden, that’s really ugly down there.”
“I know. I saw the first one.” She looked over at Sam. “I don’t think he’s in any shape to go down there again.”
Daniel nodded. “There’s another harness in the tool box in the truck bed.”
She found it and put it on. Aden glanced over as Clem made Sam sit down so he and Michael could make sure he really was as all right as he kept insisting.
Aden stopped next to Michael and looked around. “Do you have an extra pair of gloves?”
Clem looked up. “In the orange box there.”
Michael looked over at her. “What are you wearing?”
“A climbing harness. I prefer that to just a carabiner on my belt.”
He glanced down at the gloves in her hand. “What are you doing?”
“Going to fetch your next client.” She walked away before he complained.
Daniel was waiting. “Sure you want to do this?”
“Let’s go.” She clipped onto the cable and started down the slope.
They didn’t talk as they bagged the remains. At one point, Daniel had to walk away. She could hear him coughing up his breakfast and felt sorry for him. She was glad she’d decided not to eat so much.
Sam, Joseph, and Michael pulled the bag up with a guide rope while Daniel and Aden helped keep it from becoming entangled with the brush. Once they got it to the top, Clem knelt and unzipped the bag.
Michael pulled a pair of blue gloves from his pocket and knelt on the other side of the bag. He began gently moving it.
Aden had to look away. Sam and Daniel followed Clem to the back of the squad and returned later with a wheeled stretcher. By then, Michael had completed his exam. He closed the bag back up and stood. She could tell by the look on his face what the verdict was. 
Daniel looked at her. “It’s another one, isn’t it.” His statement was quiet but it sounded like a shout in the death still forest.
Aden shuddered. Nothing made sense. Could there be two killers working together? She wanted to believe that. It was more logical in her mind than the alternative.
Sam had been quietly conversing with Michael over the victim’s condition. “How long do you think he’s been dead?”
Michael stuffed the used gloves into a box Clem held out. “Maybe six or seven hours.”
Daniel had moved off down the road. He returned at a jog. “I found a trail that leads off onto a deer path around the next bend. It’s the same footprints.” He looked at Sam. “How is that possible?”
“I don’t know, son, but I want this guy.” He looked over at Aden. She nodded. Sam turned to Michael. “I don’t know if we even need to do an autopsy on this one. He looks just like the first. But if we do get this guy and I have to haul him off to court, I’d like to be able to lay three murder one charges on the DA’s table. We’ll need autopsy reports to support that.”
Michael nodded. He turned to Clem. “Let’s get him back to the morgue.”
* * *

Michael helped Clem lift the bag onto the wheeled stretcher and strap it down. Like the others, it hardly weighed anything. Most of the organs had been consumed, along with the blood. All that really remained were the bones, ligaments, most of the muscle mass, and the skin. He’d never seen anything like it before.
Clem sighed. “I’d better let the coroner know we’ve added another one to that list.” He grabbed the wheeled stretcher with his good hand and started pulling it back toward the squad.
“Do you want some help?”
Clem looked back with a grin on his face. “Doc, you’d better be careful what you ask or you’re never going to get out of town.”
Michael shook his head and noticed Aden talking with Sam, Daniel, and Joseph and wandered closer so he could hear what they were saying. Aden had what looked like a scrap of cloth in her gloved hands.
Sam called him over and pointed to the cloth. “Does that look like the same material as the shirt the victim was wearing?”
Michael studied the fabric a moment. There hadn’t been much left in the way of clothing but it did look like the few remaining shreds. “It does.”
Clem returned from the rescue squad. “I just talked to the coroner. He looked over the reports that Michael was faxing in when you called. He’s never seen anything like this before.” Clem put a hand on Michael’s shoulder. “He wouldn’t mind if you did this one, too, since you’ve got prior experience with the case.”
Michael managed to swallow. It didn’t look like he was getting out of this one, either. He glanced at his watch. It was past noon and he was three hours from Portland. There was no way he was getting into work today. What was a few more hours? “Might as well. Why break a trend?”
Sam smiled. “Thanks, Doc. I really do appreciate all the time you’re giving us. If there’s anything we can do for you, please let me know.”
“No, but thank you.” It was going to be hard enough explaining to his boss why he hadn’t returned his calls and messages yet. He looked at Aden. “Do you want a ride back into town?”
Aden shook her head. “I’m going along to help look for Duval.”
Michael felt his insides go cold. “You’re what? Aden, this guy’s a killer.”
Aden set her jaw. “And I’m a trained law officer. I did get a degree in Criminal Justice, you know.” She walked away with Daniel and Joseph.
Michael looked at Sam. The man was smiling! Was he out of his mind? “Sheriff.”
Sam chuckled. “Trust me, son. I’ve known her a long time. It won’t do you any good to argue.”
Michael turned and started back toward the squad. He was terrified after having seen what Duval did to his victims. His body shook. He didn’t want to see Aden like that.
Clem caught up with him. “Don’t worry. It’s a bright sunny day. He didn’t seem too happy with a flashlight beam last night. I doubt he’ll be out and about in this.”
That didn’t reassure him. “Just don’t ask me to do her autopsy.” He felt his eyes burning and he started to shake.
Clem put a hand on Michael’s arm to stop him. “The guys won’t let anything happen to her.” His tone was quiet and sincere.
Michael just nodded, not trusting his voice at the moment. He looked over at Daniel’s truck where Aden and the men were checking guns.
She met his gaze, set her rifle down, and came toward him.
Clem chuckled. “I’ll meet you in back of the squad. Since you did offer to help. I discovered this bum wing of mine made it a little challenging to get the wheeled stretcher up into the back.”
Aden stopped in front of him. “I had figured you’d already left town. I didn’t expect to see you.”
Michael managed to swallow. “I needed to file the reports with the local coroner before I left. It took me a little while to transcribe them onto the forms the office faxed to Clem.”
She managed a half smile. “Bet you don’t have to do too many of those any more.”
He shook his head. “Aden, promise me you’ll be back in town before it gets dark.”
“Will you be there?”
Michael heard Sam call her name. She started to turn away. He reached out and caught her arm. “I’m not leaving until I know you’re safe.”
He felt her tense under his fingers. She looked back at him. “I know how to handle myself and I learned how to shoot long before the range classes in school. My father was a sheriff. You don’t have to worry about me.” She pulled away from his grasp and went to join the others. Daniel handed her a rifle and they walked off down the narrow gravel road following Sam and Joseph.
Michael went to the rescue squad and found Clem sitting on the back bumper, eyes closed, and head leaning against one of the open doors. “So how did it go?”
Michael ran a hand through his hair. “About the same as the last few times.” He looked down at the black bag on the wheeled stretcher. “Let’s get this guy loaded up.”
Clem got up and Michael helped him lift the wheeled stretcher inside. Clem shut the doors and turned to look at Michael. “When I was still in the army, my captain gave us all this speech after one particularly rough day in the field hospital. It was long winded and full of pretty words but it came down to one basic idea. Battles aren’t won or lost on the battlefield. It’s what you do afterwards that determines whether you’re awarded a victory. Even if you don’t advance but just hold your ground, as long as you don’t retreat, you still win a little.”
Michael thought about that as he got into the squad and pulled on the seat belt. Clem got it turned around and headed back for the main road. Michael glanced out at the trees as they drove along. Even in daylight, they revived old memories that he’d pushed away long ago. He leaned back in the seat and closed his eyes. “I did tell her I was staying until I knew she was back safe.”
Clem chuckled. “Count it as a win, then.” He turned onto the main road and headed back for town.
A few moments later, Michael felt his pocket buzz. He pulled out his phone and found an incoming call. One glance at the display was enough to fill him with apprehension. He answered it.
“Cline! Are you still on this planet?”
Michael swallowed hard. “Yes, sir. To the best of my knowledge.”
Clem slowed down and swung off the road.
Michael looked at him quizzically as he listened to his boss ask why he hadn’t returned any of his messages. Michael put his hand over the speaker. “You don’t have to stop on my account.”
“If you want to keep your call, I do. This is a small sacred spot.” Clem opened his door and pointed to the front of the vehicle. “Just let me know when you’re done.”
Michael leaned back and tried to get a word in but his boss was shouting by this time. Michael could almost picture the veins on the man’s neck standing out and beginning to throb. “Sir, I can explain.”
His boss didn’t give him a chance. “It was against my better judgment to hire you, considering your past history. Fired from the ME’s office for coming in drunk to work? Things like that tend to repeat themselves. If you’re too drunk to answer the phone, you’re too drunk to work. I can’t have unreliable people working here. That would be too high of a liability.”
Michael tensed. “Sir, I’m not drunk. I’m just in an area that doesn’t have coverage.”
“I don’t accept excuses, Mr. Cline. If you knew there was going to be an issue, you should have found a land line. They have those where you are, don’t they?”
“Yes, Sir, I’m sure they do.”
“Then you should have found one!” He coughed and sputtered. “Don’t bother to come in. I’ll sign your last paycheck this afternoon.” The line went dead.
Michael sighed and closed his eyes. He managed to get his phone back in his pocket. Twelve years of putting up with all of the worst cases and now this. He’d never hear the end of it from Mary.
He heard the driver’s door open and looked over at Clem. “You okay? You look like hell.”
“That about sums it up.” At least he didn’t have to drive back to Portland in the dark.
Clem started the squad and got back on the road. “Did you lose a patient?”
Michael tried to laugh but ended up coughing. “I lost the whole damn job.”
Clem gasped. “They fired a doctor? That can’t happen very often.” 
Michael closed his eyes again. “I keep trying to tell Aden but I never get the chance. I’m not a doctor. I guess she just assumed that I was because that was where I was headed when she left.”
“But you did those autopsies.”
“I did a lot of autopsies back then. I was a diener for the Portland Medical Examiner’s office. A lot of students were. It’s how I paid for school. I hated it.”
Clem whistled. “And that’s why you spend all day with your face shoved against a microscope.”
Michael laughed dryly. “Not exactly. We use computer monitors now. But, ya, that’s the general idea.”
Clem was quiet as he backed the squad up to the back door of the station. He shut off the engine and looked over at Michael. “You were trying to tell her last night when I came barging through, weren’t you.”
“Actually, Jack had already done the honors.” He glanced at the black bag strapped to the wheeled stretcher behind them. “Might as well get this guy into a drawer.” He had a sickening thought. “You might want to warn the coroner that I’m not a doctor or a pathologist. I probably shouldn’t be doing the autopsy.”
Clem drummed his fingers on the steering wheel for a moment then opened his door. He looked over at Michael. “The coroner didn’t complain about the last two and he did ask if you could do this one. You might as well just do it. Why break a trend?”
* * *

Aden walked along the edge of the clearing they had paused in. Sam and Joseph were discussing the idea of splitting back into two teams. They had found multiple trails that Duval had obviously used. She found yet another possible one.
Daniel came over to have a look. He knelt and examined the tracks. “It is another one.” He looked off in the direction the prints led. “So what’s the deal with you and Doc?”
Aden was caught off guard by the question. “What do you mean?”
“Known him awhile?”
Aden had been trying not the think about it. “We went to college together.”
He looked up at her with a sideways glance that was so comical, Aden had no choice but to laugh. Daniel stood up and brushed off his jeans. “We went to school together, too.” He studied the foliage along the trail. “Did you know him well?”
Aden didn’t really want to talk about it. She started to walk away but Daniel reached for her free hand and took her fingers in his. She turned back and looked at him. “Yes, Daniel, we knew each other well.” She gently pulled her fingers free.
Daniel looked away. She could hear him grinding his teeth and knew he was annoyed. “How well?”
She picked one of the thick waxy leaves and curled it around her fingers. “We lived together for two years.”
Daniel was silent. She turned and watched his back muscles working under his shirt. “So you’re a couple.”
Aden closed her eyes. They had been once. It all seemed so long ago. “Not for some time.”
Daniel put his hands on his hips. “But you called him and he came all the way out here.” He gave a rough laugh. “And he sure was pissed when you didn’t stay for dinner last night.”
Aden went over to where they had set their guns and packs and picked up her rifle. She chose one of the wider trails and started down it. She was tired of standing there - tired of trying to answer Daniel’s questions. She didn’t want to think about those things to say nothing of trying to explain them to him.
She heard bushes moving behind her and turned around. Daniel was only a few steps behind. He was frowning. “Aden. Are you crazy? You don’t go wandering off alone like that when there’s a killer loose in the area.”
She tensed. He’d said almost those same words to her when they were kids. “Have you forgotten? I can take care of myself. I always have.”
He looked down. “I’m sorry. You didn’t deserve that.” He looked back the way they’d come. “It’s just been rough lately.”
Aden remembered the argument she’d witnessed a couple of days ago. “Between you and Cindy?”
“That obvious, huh?”
She was hardly the one to be giving advice. She’d lost count of how many times she’d walked away from Michael in just the past two days. “Things looked okay last night.”
He shook his head. “Rare moments happen.” He looked at her. “I’ve missed you.”
The depth of his tone startled her. It wasn’t what she expected. They had always been chums as kids. She’d never thought of him as anything else.
Aden was distracted by movement on the trail behind him. She brought her gun up to ready but then relaxed when she realized it was just Sam.
Sam stopped when he saw them. “What happened to you two? Did you take a wrong turn in Albuquerque?”
Daniel sighed and turned back toward his father. “Naw, we were just checking out one of the side trails.”
Sam grinned and turned back. Daniel followed quietly. Aden didn’t know what to feel at that moment. She stood, listening to the rustle of the leaves. She heard Sam’s exclamation and started running.
Aden came around a corner in the trail and almost ran into Daniel. He turned around and caught her so she didn’t fall. “Easy there, girl. We don’t need to repeat Foster’s slide.”
Aden couldn’t help but laugh, remembering their crazy tumble down the steep hill behind the Foster house. “Okay, I’m balanced.”
Daniel reluctantly let her go and turned back to where Sam was kneeling. “We weren’t paying very good attention.” He pointed at the blood splatters on the leaves of the bush Sam was examining.
Sam gasped. “What the hell!”
Daniel tensed. “What? Dad, are you okay?”
Sam parted the branches even farther and pointed at the ground. “Heaven help us all if that’s what I think it is.”
Joseph came running from the other direction. “Is everyone all right?”
Daniel didn’t say anything. He just continued staring at the spot his father had cleared away.
Aden leaned over to see what it was. There was a pile of four pieces of metal at the base of the bush. Her mind finally processed what she was looking at. “It can’t be.”
Sam looked up at her. “They’re the slugs from our bullets.” His voice was barely a whisper.
He turned back and started to reach for them but Aden put a hand on his shoulder. “Sam, stop. Don’t touch them.” She felt around in her pocket and her fingers made contact with something plastic. She pulled it out to see what it was. It was the little packet of tissues that Ben had given her at the funeral.
She pulled the tissues out and handed the empty packet to Sam. “The bullets look like they might have blood on them. Michael said that he might be able to tell what drugs were in Duval’s system from a blood sample.”
Sam carefully captured the bullets in the plastic. “Good thinking, Kiddo.”
Daniel helped him up. “Are you suggesting he somehow dug the bullets out of himself and left them in a tidy pile?”
Sam held out the wrapped bullets to Aden. “I don’t know.” He looked over at Joseph. “What the hell are we dealing with here, Joe?”
Joseph’s face looked grim. “A dark predator.”
A shiver went down Aden’s spine. Every part of her brain screamed that there was no such thing as vampires. They didn’t exist. She looked down at the bullets in her shaking hand. How was this possible?
As she looked back up, one of the leaves caught her attention. It seemed to have more blood on it than the others. She didn’t have anything else but the tissues. She pushed the wrapped slugs into her pocket and pulled out a few.
Daniel looked at her with an odd expression. “Allergies?”
She shook her head and made a layer of the tissues. She carefully cupped the leaf from the bottom and folded the bloody portion together inside the tissues. “More of a sample to work with.”
Daniel chuckled dryly. “Well, I did say he’d been leaking out all over the place.”
Aden tucked the wrapped leaf into her pocket. She hoped Michael really had decided to stay until she got back.
“This is far more serious than I’d first expected.” Sam gazed around the quiet forest. “Duval could be out here anywhere. I’ve got to warn the community.” He looked at Joseph. “How much longer can you stay?”
“I don’t know. I haven’t heard from Paul yet. I’ll stay as long as I can.”
Sam turned to Aden. “I know you have a lot to do and you told me earlier you weren’t interested.”
Aden put a hand on his arm. “Sam. You know I’ll help.”
Sam looked at Daniel and Daniel grinned back. “Like you even need to ask?”
Sam managed to smile. “Aden already tried to get State and Federal back-up but they turned her down. I really don’t know if that will change, especially if I have to tell them we’re dealing with a potential vampire.”
Daniel chuckled and looked at Aden. “They’d probably say they’ve got a nice white coat for you to try on.”
Aden realized they might have an ally. “I can contact Detective Peters again. I’m sure he’ll want to hear about this new development.” She patted the bulge in her pocket.
Sam looked at the time then up at the sky. “We’ve got about three more hours of daylight. Aden needs to get those samples back to Doc before he leaves so he can get them analyzed and I’ve got to get a warning out to the locals.”
Daniel looked around. “You know, we aren’t far from the main line access road out here. What if Joe and I run you and Aden back to your rig. We can come back on the main line. The closer we park, the longer we can search.” He looked at Joseph who nodded.
Sam picked up his rifle. “Sounds like a good idea. Let’s get going.”
They followed the trail back to Daniel’s truck. She and Sam rode in the back to where the SUV was parked. Aden jumped over the side and put down the tailgate for Sam. He got out of the truck bed and closed the back.
Sam walked up to the side and stopped by Daniel’s window. “Just be careful and remember to keep in radio contact.”
Daniel grinned. “You’re as bad as Aden.” He waved and drove off.
Sam got in and unlocked the door for her. As she opened the passenger side door, she found him digging in the glove box for something. She waited until he pulled it out and closed the glove box. Aden got in and put on the belt.
When she had finished, Sam held out his hand and opened his fingers. “For you.”
Aden looked down at the badge in his hand. “I don’t need anything so formal.”
Sam pushed it toward her. “Actually, you do, Deputy Anderson. It’s in the town constitution. All Sweetvale law officers are required to wear a badge.”
Aden didn’t feel like arguing with him. She picked up the shiny piece of metal stamped with the county seal and the words ‘Deputy Sheriff.’ “Okay, just until we catch Duval.”
“Agreed.” Sam smiled and started the rig. When they got to the gate, Aden noticed the car was gone. 
He got onto the main road and hit the lights as he sped up. “I can still remember the day your dad handed that to me.”
Aden didn’t want to look out the window and see how fast they were going. She sat staring at the badge in her hands. She really had accepted the offer this time.
* * *

Michael stripped off his gloves and shoved them in the bio-hazard box. He started scrubbing up. The door opened and Clem came in. “What’s up, Doc?” He smiled broadly.
Michael somehow managed half of a grin. He rinsed and pulled some paper towels from the dispenser. “I don’t know what to think anymore, Clem.” He tossed the used paper in the trash. “This is definitely the work of the same guy.” He’d had no doubt of that the moment he’d seen the body back in the forest but the detailed autopsy he’d just completed confirmed it.
Clem picked up the autopsy report. “Good thing I made copies.” He studied it for a moment. “That’s a little scary. There’s an awful lot of ‘no information available’ here.”
“That’s because the organs are gone. You can’t record a weight or density on something that you don’t have.”
Clem put the form down. “Is the body really drained of blood like Jack claims?”
Michael leaned back on the sink and closed his eyes. “That’s the insane part. I don’t even understand how it’s possible. I couldn’t find enough blood left in the body to even get a blood type. It’s like every single capillary is just empty.”
Michael could hear Clem struggling to get in enough air. He focused on Clem. The man looked pale. “Could this really be the same guy from last night?”
Michael struggled to comprehend that. “How can anyone take four bullets point-blank and still manage to take another victim the next day?”
Clem got an odd expression. “I’ve seen men take amazing damage, both on the battlefield and at the logging sites. They don’t feel the pain right away.” Clem shuddered. “Did you get a look at that guy’s eyes?”
“I did. They were so bloodshot that they looked red in the light.”
“Vampires are supposed to have red glowing eyes. Maybe it’s just a reflection from the light source.” Clem hummed a tuneless melody for a moment and stared off into space. He looked back at Michael. “I didn’t see any fangs.”
Michael thought about the gashes he’d found. “It does look like the primary attack site was near the shoulder junction but it sure wasn’t puncture wounds.”
“Have to admit, that still sounds an awful lot like a vampire.”
Michael felt ill. “Just don’t tell Aden that.”
Clem laughed. “I’ll save that for you. I’m betting she’ll be by shortly. I saw them pull in as I was unhooking the car.”
Michael closed his eyes and breathed until his body relaxed.
“What are you going to do now?”
He looked at Clem. “I don’t know.” It was a relief not to have to hide anything from the man anymore. He’d come to admire the mechanic.
“How do you really feel about her?”
Michael covered his face with his hands and massaged his temples. “I keep messing things up.”
Clem frowned. “Remember what I told you about victories?”
“I know. As long as you don’t retreat, consider it a win.”
Clem shook his head. “That’s advice for the battlefield, not a relationship. There really is no win-lose scenario. It’s either win-win or lose-lose.”
There was a squeal as the backdoor of the fire station opened. Clem looked toward the metal door of the morgue. “I think we’re about to have company.”
 The door opened and Aden came in. Michael thought he was going to collapse with relief. He pushed away from the sink and almost fell into her. He buried her in his arms. “Thank god you’re okay.”
She didn’t resist his hold on her. “I was wondering if you’d still be here.”
He closed his eyes and kissed her hair. “Even if I had finished up here sooner, there was no way I was leaving until I knew you were safe. I told you that.”
Clem cleared his throat and Michael looked over at him. “I’m just going to step out and finish up a few things. Good luck, Doc.”
Michael closed his eyes again and just held her. He didn’t want to move from that spot ever again.
She finally untangled herself from his arms. “I have some things for you.” She dug into her pocket. The first thing she handed him looked like a wad of tissues. He took it and carefully unwrapped it. It was a leaf with a rust-colored spot of dried material on it. “This looks like blood.”
“I think it’s Duval’s blood. We found it by these.”
She held out what looked like metal bits wrapped in plastic. He took it and carefully pulled the plastic back. There were four of them. Michael gasped. “Are these the bullets from last night?”
“Pretty sure they are. We were following his trail when we found them.” He could hear the tremble in her voice.
Michael looked at them closely. He could see the flecks of dirt. “If there is blood on these, it’s probably contaminated. I’m guessing they were on the ground.”
Her face betrayed her disappointment. “I was hoping you might be able to tell what drugs are in Duval’s system from the blood on them.”
Michael closed up the packet. “Not from these, although we could probably do a gun barrel match to see if they really are the same four slugs.”
“What about the leaf?”
Michael set the slugs down and pulled out another pair of gloves. He picked up the leaf and turned it in the light. “I think there might be enough here to get something. It will have to be extracted carefully but it looks fresh enough.”
Aden brightened again then sighed. “Are you planning to take those back to your clinic and test them?” Her voice was flat.
Michael captured the leaf inside one of the exam gloves and tied it off. He used the other glove to do the same with the slugs and then washed his hands again. He watched her studying the floor as he dried them. He took a deep breath. “Aden, I don’t work at a clinic.” She started to interrupt but he came to her and he put a finger over her lips. “Please let me finish.” He swallowed, looking for some hidden reserve of energy to get him through this. “And I don’t work at a hospital.”
He wanted to hold her but was afraid to at the moment. He searched for a way to break it to her gently. “I got a call while Clem and I were headed back into town. I don’t even work for the lab where I used to work.” He managed a small laugh. “They fired me for not showing up this morning.”
Aden’s face wrinkled with confusion. “They can fire a doctor like that?”
Michael sighed and closed his eyes. “Aden. I’m not a doctor.” He opened his eyes and watched the expressions play across her face.
She just stared at him. It made him uncomfortable. He looked down at the floor. “I was trying to get my nerve up to tell you last night.” He paused but was afraid he might lose his courage. “I never went to grad school. I fell apart after you left. I bombed my senior year and my grades were crap.” He ran a hand through his hair and turned away from her. “I had been counting on a scholarship to get me into the graduate program.” He looked down at the floor. “I didn’t get it.” 
“What have you been doing?” Aden’s voice sounded far away. 
Michael studied the grooves between the cement blocks of the wall for a moment. “I’ve been working at a bio-tech lab. It’s not glamorous but it gives me enough to afford a studio above the Chinese Market downtown.” He closed his eyes and hung his head. 
Aden’s arms encircled him and she gently pulled him around. She took his face in her hands. “Michael.” He opened his eyes and found her looking up at him. Tears glistened at the corners of her eyes. She blinked them away. “It broke my heart when you said you didn’t care that I was taking the internship in Chicago. When I came back and you were gone, I was afraid you’d found someone new.”
Michael took her in his arms and held her. “There was never anyone but you.” He kissed her and she melted into his embrace. 
Sounds from the other side of the door finally distracted him. He could hear Sam’s voice. He must have come looking for Aden. He looked down at her. “And what are you going to do now?”
“I need to help Sam warn the people around the valley.” She buried her face in his chest. “We didn’t find him. He’s still out there.”
Michael held her close. He heard the doorknob turning.
Clem opened the door and stuck his head in. “Uh, Doc? Sorry to interrupt.”
Michael shook his head. “What’s up, Clem?”
Clem grinned. “I think the sheriff wants a word with his deputy.” He pointed toward Aden.
Michael looked down at her. “Deputy?”
She reached into her other pocket and withdrew a badge. She looked down at it. “Sam kind of made it official. I told him it was only until we got Duval.”
Michael cupped his hands around hers. “You do realize you’re not supposed to keep that in a pocket.” He took it and carefully pinned it to her coat. “That’s where its supposed to go.”
She looked over at the rubber gloves he’d set down and then back at him. “Will you be able to get something from that?”
Michael looked around the room at the few tools on the wheeled tray. “There’s not a lot to work with here.”
Clem cleared his throat. “I’ve got some equipment back at my place.”
Michael grinned, wondering what all Clem might have tucked into various corners up in his loft. 
Sam’s voice grumbled from somewhere beyond the door. The words were indistinct but the message was plain enough.
 Clem pointed toward the back door. “Doc? I hate to be the bearer and all but Sam wants to talk to you, too.”
Michael put his arm around Aden’s waist and pulled her toward the door. He glanced back at the tied up gloves on the cart. “I need to take care of those.”
Clem, holding the door open for them, raised an eyebrow. “What do they need?”
“Probably refrigeration until I can get to them.”
“No worries. I got it covered.” He pointed toward the back door. “But you’d better hurry before we have to dig him out of a trench.”
Michael couldn’t imagine what Clem meant. He could feel Aden shaking and looked down at her. She was laughing quietly.
Aden opened the door and he was momentarily blinded by the sunlight after the dark hallway. Aden cleared her throat. “Okay, Sam. You can stop pacing.”
“Good, he’s still here. Doc, what’s the news?”
Michael stepped out into the warm afternoon sun. His eyes finally adjusted. He looked down at Aden and steeled himself for her reaction. He looked back at Sam. “It’s definitely another one.”
“Damn.” Sam looked away for a moment. “I wonder if Jack could be right.”
Michael watched Aden tense. “Sam, you can’t be serious. Jack thinks Duval is a real vampire.”
Sam turned and looked at her. “Maybe he is.”
Aden set her jaw. “There has to be a logical reason.” She looked up at Michael. “Will the blood sample be enough to give us an idea of what might be causing this?”
Sam didn’t give Michael a chance to answer. “Aden. We just found a bloody stack of bullets that he left in a tidy little pile. There is nothing even remotely logical about that!”
Aden scowled and pulled away. “I have to go make a phone call.”
Michael was at a loss. “Aden, wait.”
She didn’t stop.
Michael started to follow her but Sam called him back. “Let her work through it.”
Michael turned back and stared at Sam. He didn’t know what to say.
Sam met his gaze. “What about you, Doc? Do you believe we’re dealing with a vampire?”
Michael closed his eyes. He was glad Aden was already across the street. He swallowed hard and looked back at Sam. “I don’t know what we’re dealing with. I’ve done three autopsies on this guy’s victims.” He shuddered at the memories that were sure to give him nightmares for months to come. “When a person is drained of blood, his organs gone, his body mangled and turned inside out, and I’m so scared that I want to drive away and not look back?” He studied Sam’s face. “I believe we’re definitely dealing with something beyond our concept of normal.”
He glanced up in time to see Aden disappear into the Sheriff’s Office.
He looked back at Sam. “I believe I don’t want to die here, Sheriff, and I don’t want her to die here either.”
Sam swallowed hard. Michael could tell he was struggling with something. He turned and looked toward the office. “Doc, I could never let that happen.”
* - * - *
Part 2 - Leap of Logic
Aden stared at the contents of the open folder on the desk in front of her. “I agree with you, sir. It is very hard to explain but we are certain that Duval took all four shots at close range.”
She could hear Detective Peters struggling to breathe. “And you’re sure it’s Duval?”
Aden glanced again at the pictures he’d sent. “There’s no question. It was him.”
“Three more victims.” He sighed deeply. “I apologize, Deputy. My partner and I have been working a stack of cases that he feels are all tied together, including Duval. I’m just trying to figure out why Duval suddenly left town and started randomly taking victims in such out of the way places. First Albany, then Corvallis, and now Sweetvale.”
Aden leaned back in the chair. She didn’t want to think about the bodies. “He’s definitely mentally unstable. I was looking over the files you sent concerning the various drugs he’s used and sold. The light sensitivity, the animalistic behavior, the tolerance to pain, there are several drugs, when taken in combination, that could be responsible for that.”
“That’s the angle we’re exploring right now. My partner, David Saulenson, has been trying to get enough solid evidence on a couple of big time drug lords working the Portland area. From what we can tell, Duval was connected to one of them.”
There was a long pause. Aden wondered what he wasn’t telling her. “The Sheriff plans to warn the local residents of the continued threat. Are you sure there’s no way we can influence the State or Feds to lend a hand with the man hunt? We don’t have many resources here.”
“I wish I had something to offer you but every department is stretched thin right now.”
The door of the office opened. Aden turned, expecting to see Sam, but discovered it was Jack. She frowned and turned her back to him, hoping he might go away. “I appreciate any information you can share that will help us.”
She could hear the tapping of fingers on a keyboard. Detective Peters dropped his voice. “I’m sending you some additional files. Most of them are just data that Dave and I have been running but there may be some useful bits there.”
Jack came forward and stopped next to the desk. “I was wondering when you’d get back.”
Aden turned and glared at him. “I’m on the phone, Jack. Why don’t you take a seat.” There was no way she wanted Jack to gather more ammunition for his vampire story. “I’m sorry, Detective.”
One of the plastic chairs by the window squealed in protest as Jack flopped into it. Aden glanced over at him and Jack shrugged. “I watched the gas station attendant bring in another car. There was another victim, wasn’t there?”
It irked her to hear Clem described that way. She tried to focus on the phone call. “I’ll contact you when we have any updates.”
Detective Peters chuckled dryly. “Jack’s back, is he? He has a tendency to cling.”
“I’ve noticed. It’s a lot like creeping blackberry, including the thorns.”
His laughter was more sincere. “Good luck with that and I appreciate any information you can pass on. Sorry you had to end up with our problem.”
Aden glanced over at Jack, who had picked up the flowers and was turning the vase around in his hands. “Which one?”
“Both of them.” The detective said goodbye and Aden hung up the phone.
Jack didn’t look up. “So you believe me now?”
“No.” Aden shuffled the papers into a neat stack and tucked them back into the folder. It bothered her that Sam obviously did. But what was Michael thinking? 
Jack set the vase down with a thump. “You saw the vampire last night. I heard Daniel talking. He took four bullets and ran away.”
Aden closed her eyes. She didn’t want to think about the pile of bullets. She sighed. “This guy obviously has some vampire-like tendencies but there’s a logical explanation for it. He’s used so many drugs that who knows what’s left of his brain.”
Jack leaned forward, ignoring the protest of the chair, and pulled out his notebook. “I’ve been tracking the Beast for months now. I’ve done a lot of research. It’s all here.” He pointed at the book.
Aden turned to study his face. He looked almost desperate. “Why did you start tracking this guy?”
Jack drooped. He studied the floor for a moment. “Because he killed my girlfriend.”
His voice had been so quiet she thought she had misheard him. “Your girlfriend?”
He looked up defiantly. “What? You don’t think someone like me can have one?”
“I’m sorry. I didn’t mean it that way.” She thought back to the files on Duval. The breath caught in her throat. “You were the eye witness who helped with the sketch because you saw it happen?” Jack trembled. Aden was worried he was going to pass out.
His jaw quivered. “It was all my fault.” He dropped the book in the chair next to him and buried his face in his hands. His body shook.
Aden realized he was crying. She wasn’t sure what to do. “Jack, why do you think it was your fault?”
“It was me the Beast really wanted, not Renee.” He wheezed. “I had been working on a story about drug related crime. It followed me home. When I realized it was after me, I tried to run away but tripped and fell against a bookcase. I started to tip it over on him and he pushed it over on top of me instead.” He sobbed. “Renee just came down to see if I was okay and it jumped on her.” He let out a deep moan.
Aden looked around the room and noticed a box of tissues on Sam’s desk. She got up, retrieved them, pulled out a few, and pushed them into Jack’s hand. “There wasn’t anything you could have done.”
He managed to blow his nose into the tissues she’d given him. “All I could do was watch.” His wheezing intensified. “The neighbor had called the police but by the time they arrived, it was long gone.”
Aden noticed Sam walking back toward the office and was relieved. “Why don’t you try to pull yourself together?”
Sam entered the office and stopped when he saw Jack sitting there. He looked at Aden. “What did I miss?”
Aden motioned for him to follow and moved toward the back of the office. She gave him a quick update on her conversation with the detective and on Jack’s explanation.
Sam shook his head. “Poor bastard. No wonder he’s so messed up.” He looked back at her. “Are you still with me on this one, Kiddo?”
Aden could see the worry lines at the corners of his eyes. She forced herself to smile. “Of course I am. I promised you I’d help out until this is resolved.”
Some of the tension eased in his face. “You’d better pull a couple of guns and some ammo from the cabinet, just to be safe. I’ll give you the east side of the valley. There’s been fewer changes up there. I can print out a list.”
The chair groan in relief as Jack stood. “I can help.”
They both turned. “No!” The echo of their combined voices reverberated in the office.
Jack looked offended. “Fine.” He picked up his notebook, tucked it back in his coat, and left the office.
Aden sighed. “I just know I’m not lucky enough for him to drop off the face of the earth.”
Sam chuckled. “No one is that lucky.” He moved to the computer desk. “I’ve asked Clem to put up the barricades and warn folks as they’re coming into town. That will take a little of the stress off of us.”
Aden glanced out the window and noticed Clem had a battered pick-up backed up to her rig and was pulling the pieces out. “He shouldn’t be doing that alone with his arm in a sling.” She started to move toward the door.
“Oh, he’s not alone.” Sam pointed to the other side of the truck that had been hidden from her view. Michael was helping Clem move the boards. Sam smiled. “Doc has agreed to stay and test that blood sample for us.”
Aden swallowed hard. She’d walked away from him again. She got her voice under control. “I’m glad to hear that.” Aden turned back to the gun cabinet.
“He seems like a nice guy.”
Aden glanced at Sam. His face was lit by the monitor screen that reflected off his reading glasses. She wasn’t sure by the way he’d said it how he really felt and his body language wasn’t giving anything away.
Motion outside distracted her and she turned in time to see Clem’s truck pull away. She grabbed a rifle and its ammo set and walked quickly toward the door.
Clem had paused at the café and was talking to Annie. Aden went out but the truck had pulled away and disappeared down the street.
Aden sighed and carried the gear out to the rig. It was still disorganized from their last adventure. She began quickly reorganizing the equipment. The crunch of gravel warned her that someone was approaching. She turned around, dreading yet another confrontation with Jack.
Annie stopped a few steps away. She held out a wrapped package. “I brought this for you. I was worried. You haven’t been eating much.”
Aden relaxed. “Thanks, Annie.” She took the rolled up parcel. It was warm in her chilled fingers and smelled delicious. She reluctantly put it down to finish her task.
Annie hovered just out of the way. “Michael’s worried about you. He didn’t say anything directly, but I could tell.”
Aden swallowed hard. “I guess he’s going to be staying a little longer to help analyze the blood sample we brought back.” She pulled her father’s spare coat out from behind the seat and something rolled toward the edge.
Annie reached out and caught it. “Oh, it’s your dad’s coffee cup.”
Aden glanced at her and noticed the moisture at the corners of Annie’s eyes. She paused and put an arm around the older woman’s shoulders. “Everything will be okay. You’ll see.”
Annie hugged her back and stared down at the mug. “I don’t know how many times I filled this cup.” Her voice caught. She looked at Aden. “Your father was a very special man. I just wish I would have had the courage to tell him.” She broke down and sobbed.
Aden caught her and pulled her into an embrace. “Oh, Annie. I miss him, too.” Aden had plenty of regrets of her own. She wished she’d come home sooner. She squeezed Annie tight.
Annie sighed. “I just hope you don’t make the same mistake that I did. Michael’s a good man. Don’t lose your chance to tell him that.” She gave Aden a final squeeze and let her go.
Aden glanced over as Sam came out of the office. She looked back at Annie. “I have to go. I promised Sam I’d help warn the residents.”
Annie nodded and pushed the mug into Aden’s hands. “He’d want you to have this, you know.” Aden wanted to argue but Annie turned away and walked toward Sam. “Don’t you dare let anything happen to her.”
“You know I won’t.” Sam reached for Annie’s arm but she pulled away and walked back toward the café. Sam frowned and loaded his own gear into his rig.
Aden looked at the mug in her hands. She wasn’t sure what to do with it. She shrugged and put it back on the dash.
Sam came over and handed her a map. “Here’s an updated list of the residents along the east side. If you have any problems, call me on the radio.”
Aden managed a grin. “I’m not worried.” He started to turn away. Aden reached for his arm. “Sam.” He looked back at her. She could see the deep lines of sorrow in his face. “Just be back before dark, okay?” He nodded and went to his own rig.
Aden closed up the SUV, got in, and headed out of town. She munched on the warm sandwich Annie had given her and contemplated what she was going to tell people.
She knew many of the people that she stopped to talk to. They all wanted to know if the rumors were true. Was there really a vampire stalking Sweetvale? She tried not to add to their fears but get the warning across to stay in at night and not let strangers in.
Some of the people that she stopped to talk to wanted more information than she had to give. She suggested that they might organize a town meeting, preferably during the day.
Aden was relieved when she glanced down at the map Sam had given her and found only one more stop to make. The sun was already sinking toward the western side of the valley. She really didn’t want to be out after dark, either.
She hadn’t been to the Becker home in a long time and wondered what kind of reception she’d get. She pulled into the driveway and bumped along up the hill. The windows of the house reflected the last of the sunset as she pulled to a stop by the front gate.
Mrs. Becker was on her hands and knees in the front yard. At first Aden thought she was pulling weeds but as she walked toward the house, she realized the woman was searching for something.
Before she could say anything, the woman turned and looked at her. “Have you seen that no good son of mine?”
Aden hoped Mrs. Becker hadn’t lost her mind and thought she was going to find him in her lawn. Then her gut tightened with apprehension as she considered Duval. “No, ma’am. When did you see him last?”
The old woman struggled to get up and Aden reached over to help her stand. She shot Aden a sharp glance. “You’ve gotten quite tall, haven’t you?”
“It has been a few years, Mrs. Becker.”
“Yes. I suppose it has.” She looked down and kept scanning the ground.
Aden looked down as well. “Did you lose something?”
Mrs. Becker puckered her lips and her face became a mass of wrinkles. “Damn boy! He threw the house key somewhere in the grass. I can’t find it!”
Aden glanced up at the house. “The door is open.”
The old woman looked up, her expression one of sheer amazement. “Why so it is! I wonder if he’s just playing tricks on me.” She started hobbling toward the house.
Aden looked around the property. Someone had obviously been taking care of the place. She scanned the smaller buildings around the house but didn’t see any movement.
Mrs. Becker had finally gotten to the steps and was struggling to climb them. Aden ran forward to help her but the old woman pushed her away. “I can manage. I ain’t that old that I need someone to carry me about.”
Aden watched her fight her way up the steps and wondered just how old she was. Mrs. Becker had seemed old when she was just a kid and that was a long time ago. Aden glanced into the house. Nothing stirred. “When do you expect Aaron to return?”
Mrs. Becker had achieved the porch. She turned and leaned on the railing. “Oh, any time now, I expect.” She frowned and looked around. “I can’t imagine what he’s gone and done with that key.”
She heard the rumble of an engine and turned to see an old blue pick-up coming up the driveway. She sighed with relief. “Maybe that’s him now.” She turned back to the porch but the old woman was gone. A chill went down her spine.
The truck managed to get by the sheriff rig and came to a halt in front of the path that led to the house. A young man she didn’t recognize got out and sprinted up the path toward her.
He was out of breath by the time he stopped a few steps away. “Is Granny okay?”
Aden raised an eyebrow and looked into the house. “Define okay.” She turned back. “You’re Mrs. Becker’s grandson?”
He shook his head. “Actually, great grandson. My dad was her grandson. I’m Jimmy.”
“She’s looking for Aaron, I think.”
His body seemed to slump. “She’s always looking for him.” He sighed. “I was just worried because Clem is stopping everyone coming through town. He says we have a killer on the loose out here. When I saw the rig, well, I was worried.” He moved to the steps and sank down on them. “I hate leaving her alone but I have to work. There are always bills to pay. I’m just grateful that Clem gave me a job. There’s not much left up here.”
Aden was still concerned. “So when is Aaron supposed to be home?”
He looked up at her. “Uh, he’s not. My grandpa died when I was ten, along with my dad and another man. They were loading a log on a truck when a chain gave. The whole load came down and crushed all three of them.”
Aden gasped. “Oh, I’m so sorry.”
He got up and started up the stairs. “I better go see to Granny. I’ll make sure to bolt the doors tonight. She hasn’t figured out how to open those yet.”
Aden watched him disappear into the house. She swallowed and walked back to her rig. She hoped she died long before her mind ended up like that. She started the rig and headed back for town.
Aden was relieved when she parked the rig in the lot by the Sheriff’s Office. She was a little concerned that Sam wasn’t back yet. She called him on the radio.
He answered after a short delay. “Everything’s quite on this side of the valley. I just have one more stop to make and I’ll be on my way back.”
“All right. I’d have been much happier to find you back by now. I’ll keep a portable with me, just in case. Meet you at the café?”
“Sounds like a plan.” Sam signed off.
Aden got out and looked around. The town seemed even more empty than it had before. Joseph’s delivery truck was still parked at Annie’s as was Jack’s car, and Daniel’s pick-up. There were no other vehicles in sight. Had he left after all?
Aden shivered. It was cold tonight. She reached in back, grabbed her father’s spare coat, and slipped it on. It still smelled like him. She tried not to think about it as she walked over to Annie’s.
As she approached the building, the lights of the porch reflected off the little Mazda parked on the other side of the bulky refrigerated truck. She forced herself to stop shaking.
Michael looked up the moment she opened the door. He and Clem were sharing a table near the fireplace. He got up and came to her, pulled her into his arms, and held her close. She could feel his warm breath on her neck. “Are you okay?”
“Just a little chilly.” She didn’t really want to let go but she heard other voices in the background.
Michael released her. “We’ve got a spot by the fire for you.”
“Sounds perfect.” Aden glanced around the room. Daniel and Joseph had pushed a couple tables together in the center of the room and had maps spread across them. Daniel was watching her. He turned away and went back to the maps.
Michael led her to the table and Clem pulled out a chair. “Welcome back, Miss Deputy. You’re starting to look the part.”
Aden shook her head. “It’s just warmer than what I had at the moment.” She glanced over at Daniel and Joseph then back at Clem. “What are they up to?”
Michael sat down beside her. “Planning the next campaign.”
Clem chuckled, finished off his beer, and picked up a piece of paper on the table. “I have to go rummage around in my attic for Doc here and see what dusty goodies I can come up with.” He got up and left some money on the table. “See you kids on the bright side.”
“Thanks, Clem.” Michael watched him leave then shook his head. “He’s one amazing guy.”
Aden nodded. She couldn’t decide if the smell of the empty bottle was making her queasy or the tight knot in her stomach. She looked at Michael. “So, you’ve decided to stay?” Her words had been barely a whisper but they seemed the loudest thing in the room at the moment.
Michael didn’t meet her eyes. He seemed to be trembling. “Mary called me earlier, wondering where the heck I was.”
Aden looked away. “She always worries about you. It must be a big sister thing.”
“I told her I wasn’t sure when I’d be back. There’s no way to tell how long this might take. It could be a day or a week, who knows.”
Aden felt a cold spot forming inside. When it was over, he’d be leaving again. But then, so would she.
Aden glanced around the room, noting all the pictures Annie had hanging on the walls. She recognized many of them. They felt like pieces of her past. She closed her eyes.
The heavy doors of the main room swung open. Aden looked up, hoping it was Sam but instead, Jack came in. 
Aden cleared the lump out of her throat. “Is it just me, or does his coat look all bulky?”
Out of the corner of her eye, she watched Michael turn to look at Jack. “It does look a little odd.”
Jack moved toward Daniel and Joseph. Daniel noticed him as he came toward the table. “Well, look who’s back, the intrepid vampire hunter, himself.”
Jack frowned. “You’re going to need my help you know. I’ve spent the past few months researching every source I could find on vampires.”
Daniel started to laugh but Joseph caught his arm. He turned to Jack. “What are you planning to do when you find this vampire?”
Jack cleared his throat. “I’m going to destroy it.” He reached into his coat and withdrew a sharpened wooden stake.
Daniel couldn’t contain his laughter. “Do you really think a piece of wood is going to stop someone who is still walking around after taking four pieces of lead?”
Jack remained serious. “This isn’t ordinary wood.”
Daniel doubled over but Joseph held out his hand. “May I?”
Jack stared at Daniel for a moment then handed the stake to Joseph. “It’s fresh. I just finished cutting and cleaning it up.”
Joseph examined the wood. “What makes this special?”
“It’s a willow sapling. They only hold the magic for a couple of weeks so you have to keep making fresh ones.”
Daniel burst out laughing again and almost fell on the floor. “Oh, that’s the frosting! Magic wood?” He was laughing so hard, he choked and started coughing.
Aden noticed Michael was frowning. She touched his arm. “What is it?”
“There’s something about willow wood that I learned back in my first year of college. I just can’t seem to pull it out of memory.” He got up and joined Joseph. 
Aden was too tired to follow. She sank further into the chair and let the fire warm her, content to watch from a distance.
Joseph turned as Michael approached. He handed the stake to Michael. He turned it over in his hands and looked up at Joseph. “What do you know about willow?”
“I know some old timers used to strip the bark and chew on it for tooth aches.”
Michael smiled. “That’s what it is. Acetylsalicylic Acid. That’s what they make aspirin out of.”
Daniel had barely managed to get himself under control. He looked ready to lose it again. “Does that mean a vampire doesn’t feel any pain when you stab him?”
Jack shook his head and took the stake back. “You’ve already discovered that conventional weapons don’t have any affect.”
Aden shuddered, remembering the bullets in their neat little pile. She thought back to her conversation with Detective Peters. Could drugs really make someone that oblivious to pain?
Joseph had put himself between Jack and Daniel. “I appreciate your input.”
Jack frowned. “Sure you do.” He wandered off to the small table in the alcove under the stairs and slumped into a chair.
Joseph shook his head and returned to the map. Daniel finally stopped laughing. He looked over at Aden. “Do you want to see this?”
She shook her head and closed her eyes.
She heard Michael return to the table. He sat down and touched her face lightly. “You look tired.”
Aden managed to nod. “It’s been a long day.”
The café doors opened again and Sam entered. At first she was relieved but as he approached, she saw the look on his face. Every nerve in her body seemed to flare.
Daniel and Joseph had also noticed his return. Daniel came forward and slung an arm around Sam’s shoulder. “Geez, dad. You look like hell. Annie’s been holding dinner for you. Why don’t you take a chair and I’ll let her know you’re back.”
Sam hugged Daniel and let him go. Daniel disappeared into the kitchen and Sam came over and took a seat at the table next to Aden and Michael. He sighed deeply and closed his eyes.
Aden was almost afraid to disturb him. ‘Sam? Are you okay?”
He opened his eyes and looked over at her. “I couldn’t find Henry. His truck wasn’t there.”
Aden relaxed a little and remembered to breathe. “It’s okay. When I stopped to talk to Hank McGrayson, he mentioned Henry had just left and was on his way over to see Ian about something. I’m sure Ian will have passed on the warning.”
Sam smiled weakly. “Thanks, Kiddo. That’s a relief. I’ll give him a call in the morning, just to be safe.” He looked over at Michael. “Is Clem going to be able to fix you up with what you need, Doc?”
Michael got an odd expression on his face. “He claims he can. I just hope he doesn’t have Pandora’s Box tucked away in that loft of his.”
Joseph chuckled and sat down next to Sam. “Clem is resourceful. He’s what my mother would have called a hopeless pack rat but he knows the importance of being prepared for the unexpected. You never know what he’s going to pull out of his loft.”
Aden rubbed her eyes. “The unexpected? That’s putting it mildly.” She looked over at Michael. “How can this be happening? I’m no expert on narcotics but I don’t care what kind of drug cocktail that guy is on. He shouldn’t be able to walk away from four point-blank hits, pull the bullets out of his own body, and mutilate another victim. It just doesn’t make any sense.”
Michael looked as tired as she felt. “I don’t have an answer for you. Until I can take a closer look at those samples you brought back, I’m just as much in the dark as you are. I can’t even guess at a cause.”
Aden sighed. “How can there be a logical cause?”
Joseph pulled a glass of ice water closer. It left a set of streaks on the table. “If I took this table outside in the cold, what would happen to those tracks of water?”
Aden looked at the water on the table. “They would probably freeze.”
“And if someone walked up to the table in the morning and saw those frozen tracks on the table, could they tell how they got there?”
Aden leaned back in the chair. “I don’t know. Maybe not.”
“But they have a cause, even if it is separated by time and space from the resulting effect.”
She watched the flames of the fire reflecting from the drying streaks. “So you’re suggesting whatever is causing this, it may have happened long ago and far away?”
“The farther I take this table from the café, the less likely it would be for someone to predict what caused the streaks.” Joseph wiped the condensation off the glass with a napkin. “And some causes can be purposefully hidden. Humans are some of the most difficult and complicated organisms on our planet, which makes it very hard to predict what they are going to do.” He drank the water and emptied the glass. Joseph held it up. “Or what might cause then to do the things they do.”
Jack laughed. He looked at them from his corner table. “But there’s the problem. You’re not dealing with a human. You’re dealing with a Beast.”
Joseph shrugged. “Regardless of what it is, a man or something else. Every cause has an effect, even if we can’t see it directly. The universe is built on a framework of logic, from galactic gravitation to the microscopic dance of atoms.” 
Aden’s eyelids were beginning to droop. She struggled to stay awake. She felt the warmth of a hand on her own and managed to focus on Joseph’s face. “Sorry, I just can’t seem to keep my eyes open.”
Joseph chuckled gently. “There’s an effect that has easy causes to identify. And fortunately, also a simple solution. Some sleep, maybe?” He gave her hand a squeeze. “There’s nothing more you can really do tonight.”
Michael rose and held out his hand to her. Aden looked up at him, studying the set of his jaw. He didn’t say anything. Aden reached up and took his hand. His fingers curled around hers. His face melted into a comfortable smile.
Annie’s voice preceded her from the kitchen and Aden felt part of herself fall apart. She swallowed it down and let Michael gently pull her to her feet. He put the coat around her shoulders and led her toward the door.
Annie called to her before they could escape. “Have you had enough to eat? I kept dinner for you.”
Aden turned back. “The sandwich was wonderful, Annie. More than enough.” Aden caught the look of disappointment on Daniel’s face. It troubled her. She waved to the group and slipped out the door with Michael.
He paused in the entry to put his coat on and help her find the sleeves of the one she was wearing. She could hear him breathing.
He turned and looked at her. “Are you ready for the cold shock?”
Her entire body seemed to freeze. It was like stepping back in time to a place they had left long ago. “It gets colder here than it does in Portland.” The words caught in her throat.
Michael stood facing the outer door. “I’ve noticed.”
Aden closed her eyes. “Are you staying here at a cabin again?”
Michael’s inhalation sounded ragged in the narrow entry. “Annie offered me a place as long as I need it. I just have to pull my bag back out of the car.”
Aden looked out at the darkness through the thick glass of the outer doors. “I have this big empty house down the street.”
There was a long pause then she felt Michael’s arms encircle her. “You don’t think the neighbors will talk?” His voice held a touch of laughter but it trembled as well.
Aden felt the tears escaping. “I doubt it.” He hugged her tight. She curled into his embrace and tucked her head under his chin.
He eventually relaxed his hold but didn’t fully let go. “Don’t want you falling asleep here on your feet.”
She blinked enough moisture out of her eyes to be able to see. “I’ll wake up once the cold hits me.”
He moved to her side but kept one arm around her as he pushed open the outer doors. “It’s just more of an excuse to hold you tight.”
Aden closed her eyes against the burning chill and let him guide her down the dark street. She opened them again as his steps faltered. They had passed beyond the glow of the well-lit buildings. She could feel the tension in his body.
He stopped and looked around. “It sure is dark. Doesn’t anyone else live down here?”
“Not many. Sam’s place is that house next to Dad’s.” She led him forward. “I guess it’s technically my house now.”
“Are you going to stay here?” His voice had dropped to a whisper.
“No.”
She felt him relax. He pointed toward the outline of another building on the other side of the street. “What’s that?”
“The old school, and town hall, and meeting hall, and whatever else it’s needed for as the situation arises.”
“That’s where you went to school?”
“All twelve years. I think ours was the biggest graduating class that Sweetvale had in some time.”
“How many was that?”
Aden forced down the lump that came to her throat. “Five.”
He stopped short. “Five hundred?”
Aden laughed. “No, just five.” She held up one hand. “Me, Daniel, Cindy, Maggie,” her throat started to close, “and Kevin.”
He looked down at her. “Is Kevin going to be jealous that I’m walking you home?”
He’d said it in a playful way but Aden couldn’t stop the fresh tears from blurring her vision. “No. He and Maggie were always an item.” And now she was alone. One of the tears escaped to slide down her cheek and he reached up and brushed it away.
His breath warmed her face as he leaned closer. “What happened?”
“I don’t know exactly. Joseph said something about a logging accident.” Things finally fell into place. Aden covered her mouth with one hand. “Oh! I wonder if he was the third person?”
“What?”
“When I stopped by the Becker place on my rounds, Jimmy mentioned that his dad and granddad had been killed, along with another person, when a load of logs dumped.”
Michael pulled her close. “What a horrible way to go.”
She buried her face between the open halves of his coat. The warmth melted the frozen trails on her cheeks.
Michael gasped.
Fear gripped her. Aden searched the shadows around them then looked at Michael. “What is it?”
He was staring at the sky. “Stars.”
Aden let him marvel until the cold began to seep through the coat. She took his hand and carefully led him the rest of the way toward the house she’d grown up in. The place looked abandoned. Aden shuddered.
She walked up the steps with Michael beside her. It was like a dream she’d had once, only her parents had opened the door with smiling faces. The front porch was dark. She fumbled with the key. “I wish I would have remembered to leave the light on.”
Michael reached out and steadied her hand so she could line up with the keyhole. “Are you okay? Your hand is shaking.”
“Just cold and tired.” She opened the door and flipped the switches. Light flooded both the hall and the front porch. She was momentarily blinded.
“Nice place.” Michael shut the door behind them. 
Aden turned and locked it. She forced the old deadbolt home for good measure. It squealed in protest.
Michael helped her with the last tug. “That hasn’t been used in awhile.”
“I don’t think any of the locks have. People around here usually don’t worry about locking their doors at night.”
“Must be nice.”
She half expected her mother to come down the hall from the kitchen. She shook away the thought. “It’s a pretty simple floor plan. Living room to the left, dining room to the right with the kitchen down that hall. The laundry and a half bath are back there, too. You access the basement through a door in the laundry room.” She flipped another light switch. The stairway lights came on. “Three bedrooms and a couple of bathrooms upstairs.”
Michael put an arm around her waist. “You can give me the full tour in the morning.” 
Aden turned off the front hall light but left the porch light on. She led the way up the bare wooden stairs. They creaked. 
“I bet you couldn’t sneak in or out of your room at night.”
She grinned. “Christmas morning was the worst.” She stopped at the top of the stairs. She’d kept the door of her parents’ room closed. She swallowed hard. “That’s the master bedroom with an attached bath.” She pointed to the open room ahead of them. “This was my dad’s study.” Her mother had also used it for a sewing room but she couldn’t bring herself to mention that.
Aden turned left and went around the banister. “That’s the other bathroom and this is my room.” She pushed open the door and turned on the light. She looked at the twin bed, neatly made, with its frilly blue bedspread that her mother had hand-sewn. “I’m sorry.” All she could manage was a whisper.
His arms wrapped around her. “It’s okay.”
She swallowed. “There’s a queen sized bed in my parents’ room. I just couldn’t.” Her voice broke.
Michael pulled her around and cradled her in his arms. He held her close and kept whispering in her ear that it would be all right. She finally managed to stop shaking. He gently lifted her face upward and kissed her lightly. “Why don’t we just move things against the wall and pull the mattress off the bed? We can put it on the floor in here for tonight.”
She looked at her small room. “Do you think it will fit?”
He nodded. “Just turn the twin and push it tight against the wall. I’ll go get the other mattress.” He slowly let her go. “I’ll be right back.”
She moved a few things around so there was enough room to turn her bed. By the time she’d cleared a space, he was back with the mattress. They laid it down on the bare floor. It was a tight fit. 
She looked at the sheets on her bed. They weren’t going to fit. “I’ll grab fresh sheets from the linen closet. The pillows on my bed are in clean cases. I just put them on when I got here. The blankets should be big enough.”
She got the sheets from the linen closet in the bathroom and they made the bed. Aden surveyed their work. “Well, I’m too tired to be picky.”
He pulled off his clothes and draped them over her chair. “My bag is still in my car back by the café. I’ll have to go grab it tomorrow.”
Aden was struggling with her shoelaces and gave up. She kicked her shoes off and collapsed onto the bed. “I just can’t do it.”
He knelt down beside her. “It’s all right, Love.” He helped her undress, turned off the light, and pulled the covers around them.
It occurred to her what he’d just done and the tears began against her will. She rolled into him and hugged him tightly.
“Here now, what’s all this about?” He held her close.
Aden was too tired to try to explain it all. She was just so grateful that he’d not forced the issue and insisted on sleeping in the other room. “Thank you.”
He pulled the bun out of her hair and ran his fingers through it. His lips found hers and the kiss was tender. He rested his face against her forehead. “I’ve missed you so much.”
She could hear the tremor in his voice. She felt the warm moisture on her forehead. She pulled herself tighter to him and found the familiar curve of his body. “I wish I wasn’t so tired.”
He kissed her forehead and pulled her toward his shoulder. “Sleep now.”
Aden nestled close and laid her head on his chest. She felt his arm wrap around her back and their legs entwined. For the first time in eighteen years, she felt right again. She could feel his chest rise and fall and the sound of his heartbeat lulled her to sleep.
Aden woke to a strange buzzing sound. She didn’t really want to move. He felt warm and comforting next to her. The buzzing became a concerto. Aden groaned. She couldn’t remember where her phone was. 
Michael pulled her closer and kissed the top of her head. “The world is paging you.”
“I know.” The melody stopped. Aden clung to him, waiting for the small ping from voice mail. It seemed to take forever. Aden wondered how many other messages were stacked up waiting for her.
He held her a little longer then became restless. He whispered down into her hair. “There are times I wish biology didn’t work the way it does.”
Aden realized what the problem was and chuckled. “The bathroom is just right around the corner.”
“Yes, but you’re warm and it’s cold out there.”
She reached up and kissed him. He was smiling. Aden wrinkled up her nose. “Go take care of that before I have to come up with another sheet.”
He grinned and pushed back the blankets. The blast of cold air woke her fully. He rolled out of bed and literally out the door. They were going to have to do something about this arrangement. She tried to recapture some of the warmth by pulling the covers back but the bed felt empty and cold without him.
Aden sighed and rolled toward her bag. She swore she could see her own breath. She dressed quickly.
Michael came back shivering and grabbed for his own clothes. “Doesn’t this place have a furnace?”
She frowned. “I know it does but to be honest, I didn’t even look to see if it was on. I haven’t been here much.” 
She took her own turn in the bathroom. By the time she’d returned, he was dressed. Michael was sitting on the chair, holding the badge, and tracing the raised surface with his fingers. He looked up at her and held it out. “You forgot something.”
Aden bit her lip. She didn’t really want it. A distant memory of watching her father pin his own badge on his shirt came from some dark recess of her mind. She slowly reached out and took it. It felt heavy. She looked down at it. “My father was always the sheriff. Somehow I’d never pictured myself wearing one of these.”
Michael got up and came to stand in front of her. “You were always focused on law. That’s what I remember most from school.” He picked the badge out of her hand and pinned it to her shirt. “I bet your dad would be proud to see you wear this.”
Aden was overcome by memories. She doubled over and sobbed. Michael caught her in his arms and held her close. She cried until her phone buzzed again.
Michael let her go. “I’m thinking that must be important.”
She sucked in air and followed the sound of the melody to her coat. It stopped as she pulled the phone from the pocket. She glanced at the display. There were no bars. Aden started laughing until she choked on her tears. “I guess this isn’t much of a sacred spot.”
Michael put an arm around her and pulled her out of the room. “Clem warned me about that. Some of them are so small that you take one step in any direction and there’s nothing. Maybe we’ll get lucky and find a better one somewhere else in the house.” He shivered. “So, where might this mysterious furnace reside?”
She laughed. “Follow me.” She led him down the stairs, through the hallway, and into the laundry room. “This door leads to the basement.”
He opened it and peered into the darkness. “I feel like I’m back at work.”
“What?”
“The lab I used to work at didn’t have any windows.”
She grinned and flipped on the light. “This place has windows.” She led him down the steps and pushed open the door at the bottom. Sunlight filtered in through the shrubs that lined the back of the house. “They call it a daylight basement because only half of it is underground. The house is built on a slope.” She went to the back door and unbolted it. She gave it a tug and pulled it open.
Michael gasped. “That’s some view.”
“It’s hard to see it from the street because of the buildings and trees.” She pointed upward to the wooden porch. “The sliding glass doors in the living room open onto the deck. So does the other door up in the laundry room. My dad always liked it because the deck wraps around and comes out between the house and garage on the kitchen side. He’d park in the driveway at night.” She couldn’t continue the thought.
Michael put his arms around her. “Hey, where are you?”
Aden shook her head. “Sorry, just got lost in the past for a moment.” She closed the door and went toward the other side of the basement.
“What’s with the cage?”
Aden turned back. “That’s my dad’s old packing room. He used it before they built one in the new Sheriff’s Office. The mesh was dad’s way of making my mom feel safer.” Aden flipped a switch on the wall. Bright florescent lights behind the hardware cloth barrier came on. 
Michael’s face twisted in confusion. “Packing room?”
“For ammunition. Mom was always afraid that I’d either get into something I shouldn’t when I was little or that a round would explode and kill me while I was playing down here. Dad built this to ease her mind.”
Michael walked forward and pulled at the wire mesh. “This would stop a bullet?”
“My dad figured what my mother didn’t know wouldn’t hurt her.” She flipped back the hasp and slid the door open. All that remained were bare counters with a few boxes and odd items tucked under them on shelves. “He just used it for storage after he moved stuff to the new building.”
Michael looked around the room. “This would make a perfect lab.” He looked at her and rubbed his hands together. “It would be even better with a little heat.”
“Oh, thanks for reminding me.” Aden began moving back toward the stairs and her phone buzzed. She pulled it out of her pocket. “I don’t believe it.”
“What?”
“Full bars?” She shook her head and tried not to laugh as she answered the phone.
Sarah’s voice was uncertain as she said hello. “I was beginning to worry. I’ve tried calling you bunches of time. Haven’t you gotten any of my messages?”
Aden sighed. “I’m sorry. Reception here is challenging.”
Michael started laughing.
Sarah gasped. “Who’s that?”
Aden rolled her eyes. How was she going to explain all this? “Um, that’s Michael.”
The line was silent. Aden was afraid the called had dropped until she heard Sarah finally exhale. “Michael?” It was almost a whisper. “As in, your Michael?”
Aden bit her lip. “It’s a long story. Let’s just leave it at that for the time being.” She looked across at him and noticed the expression on his face. What was going through his mind? “So, anyway. Was there something important?”
“Oh! I almost forgot! I went over to your place to water your plants, just like I promised, and Miss Lang corners me in the hallway. Is she always such a busy body? Anyway, they had knocked on her door and asked if she could sign for some package for you and she told them to take it down to the manager’s office.”
Aden slumped against the wall. “Good grief. Now what?”
“Oh, don’t worry. I took care of it. After all, I did promise to check your mail. It was from your office. It looked important. I tried to call you the other night but you didn’t answer. The phone rang and just went to voice mail.”
Aden felt guilty. “We were in kind of a crisis at the moment.”
“Oh. With Michael, I understand.”
“No, not that kind.” Aden felt suddenly warm in the cold room. “Look, I don’t know how long I’m going to be here. Things are a little crazy.”
“Well, you don’t have to worry about the letter. I took care of that. When I couldn’t get a hold of you, I called your office yesterday and they said it was nothing to worry about. Just some final paper work from some case you had been working on. It was just for your records. They had to send it certified. Legal stuff and all that.”
Aden sighed. She’d left numerous cases open and pending. Another agent was supposed to have picked them up. “I’m sorry you got stuck with it.” She looked over and noticed that Michael had his arms wrapped around himself and was shivering. “Look, I’ll do my best to keep in touch. Thanks for dealing with that. I kind of have to go.”
Sarah laughed. “Wouldn’t want to keep you from Michael! Are you going to surprise everyone and come in to Diana’s party together?”
Aden closed her eyes, not really wanting to think about it. It was still almost a month away. “I really do have to go. I’ll try to check in now and then. Okay?”
Sarah finally relented and ended the call.
Michael had his back turned to her and was staring out one of the big windows. “You and Sarah still keep in touch?”
Aden slipped her phone back into her pocket. “She lives a few blocks away. I think she’s the only one outside of the office I actually talk to. Most of the time, when I get home from work, I’m too exhausted to think about much.” 
She went over to a door on the other side of the basement stairs, opened it, and flipped on another switch. “There you are.” The furnace took up most of the small room.
She felt Michael come up behind her. “Wow. That’s scary.”
 She leaned closer, trying to remember how to turn it on. Her hair fell in front of her face. “Oh, honestly.” She grabbed it and twisted it back into a bun. She looked down at her wrist but the hair band wasn’t there.
Michael chuckled. “Sorry, I released it from bondage last night.” He pulled the band off his wrist and handed it to her.
Aden twisted it into her hair. She glanced up at him and noticed he was grinning. She reached up and touched his face. “You always could put the Cheshire Cat to shame.”
His grin deepened. He reached over her and flipped a breaker switch on the furnace. It rumbled to life. “Let’s see if that helps.”
She heard his stomach grumble and laughed. “We’d better feed you soon.” She turned off the light and closed the door. “I’m afraid there’s nothing edible in the kitchen. I’ve just been eating over at Annie’s since I got here.”
“Me, too.” He winked. “I guess we won’t be breaking that streak this morning.”
They turned off the rest of the lights and went up stairs. She looked around as they passed through the rooms. “There’s so much that I still need to do here.”
He pulled her close. “Don’t worry. I’ll help you.”
They went out and started walking toward the café. Aden inhaled. That was something she’d missed - the clean smell of a cold morning. Michael was looking around. “Where’s the store?”
“There isn’t one.”
He stopped and pulled on her arm to turn her around. “There’s no store? What does everyone around here do for groceries?”
“People go down to the city and stock up on stuff once or twice a month. Sometimes in the winter, we get snowed in up here so everyone tends to make a big trip down every fall. Some things like eggs and milk, you can get locally from people around the valley.” She pointed up on the ridge where some black and white shapes were moving slowly across the meadow. “Mr. Hensley still has cows. And Old Henry has his goats, rabbits, and chickens.”
Michael looked toward the café. “Is that were Annie gets everything, too?”
“A lot of stuff. Joseph brings up everything else in his truck. It’s got a refrigerated compartment.”
“What is the deal with Joseph?”
Aden shrugged. “I sort of remember him. I was pretty young when he left Sweetvale. His grandma used to take care of me when.” She couldn’t bring herself to talk about her mother. She cleared her throat. “Anyway, I guess Joseph and his brother now have a shrimp and crab business down in Newport and he brings fresh catch up, along with groceries, when Annie needs them.”
Michael turned and looked around the valley. “How many people live up here?”
“Not as many as there used to be. I saw a lot of empty places on my rounds yesterday. But there were a few new ones, too.”
He looked over at her with an odd expression. “I just can’t imagine living up here. I mean, I don’t even drive most of the time. The transit goes everywhere. There are at least a dozen different kinds of stores just between my house and the stop.”
Aden tucked her arm in his and pulled him forward. “I know what you mean. Where I live in Seattle, everything is just around the corner. I don’t know how people manage up here. I guess I never thought about it as a kid because my parents took care of all those things. But now?” She shook her head. “I’ll be glad to get the house fixed up and sold. Or at least rented.”
He looked relieved. Would he want her to come back to Portland with him? She thought back to the cases she’d left at work and hoped whoever had taken them on was doing a good job. But it was a national company. The thought lingered for a moment.
Aden heard her name called. She stopped and saw Sam waving from the door of the office. She almost turned to see if her father was beside her but caught herself. Sam was the sheriff now.
Michael whispered in her ear. “Hey, Miss Deputy.” He pointed at the office. “You must have roll call, or something.”
His playful jest made her uncomfortable. She was afraid to meet his gaze. “I’d better go see what he wants.”
Michael pulled her close and kissed her on the forehead. “I’ll meet you over at the café.” He reluctantly let her go. “Don’t be too long. Remember, you need to eat, too.”
Aden was afraid to say anything. She just nodded and jogged across the street to the office. Sam had already disappeared back inside. She risked a quick glance back in Michael’s direction. He was already at the steps of the café. She sighed and went inside.
Aden came into the office and noticed Jack was sitting in one of the chairs by the front window. He had the flowers in his lap and was carefully pruning out the dead ones. Aden shuddered and turned away from him.
Sam was at his desk, filling in the blanks of a report form from notes on a pad. Aden felt the chill crawl up her spine, in spite of the warm room. She dropped her voice. “What’s happened?”
“I got a call from Russ Hensley. One of his hired hands didn’t show up this morning. It might not be related as the guy was a drifter but considering everything.”
Aden glanced over her shoulder at Jack then back at Sam. “And that one?”
Sam finished the report and took off his reading glasses. He pursed his lips and stared at Jack for a moment. “He keeps offering to help.”
Aden had enough of Jack already. “I could think of several ways he could help. Relocation comes to mind.”
Sam shook his head and looked up at her. “I’ve called Ian to bring out the dogs. I had him start at the Hensley place and work outward. He’s got a radio. He’ll call if he finds anything.” He pushed the form across the desk. “If you could look this kid up and see if he’s got a record. He hasn’t been here long. Maybe he just decided to move on. I need to get over to the café and see what Daniel and Joseph have decided to do.”
Aden took the form and went to the computer. It was logged off. “You’ll have to wake this up for me before you go.”
Sam laughed. He wrote something on a piece of paper, got up, and brought it to her. “You are the deputy, at least for now.” He handed it to her and sighed. “Besides, you already know the password.”
Aden unfolded the piece of paper and looked at it. The password was her mother’s name. She swallowed hard and logged on.
Jack set the flowers down and looked over at them. “It’s a bright sunny day.”
Aden waited for the database to come up. “Thanks for that observation, Jack. Are you becoming a weather man now? But I didn’t really need that forecast. I can see what’s going on outside through the window.”
Jack got up and came toward them. “Now is when you should be out looking for the Beast. The bright light hurts his eyes.”
Sam turned to him. “Jack, please let us do our job.”
“Sheriff, I can help you. I know how this vampire works.”
Aden looked over at Jack. “Will you give the whole vampire thing a rest? Robert Duval is a known drug user and pusher. He’s got a list that would make a pharmacist jealous.”
Jack frowned. “It’s not really Duval anymore. I tried to explain that to the detective in Portland. Duval was killed by a demon who implanted a demonic spore in the body.”
Aden struggled not to laugh. “Could you take your comedy routine elsewhere so I can concentrate?”
Sam sighed. “Jack, take a hike.”
Jack look dejected. “I just want to help.”
The database came up and Aden put in the man’s name and hit the search button. “Jack, if you really want to help, then leave.”
Jack looked as if he was going argue but Sam pointed at the door. “You heard the deputy. Out.”
Jack drooped. He turned and walked out.
Aden heaved a sigh if relief. “Thanks.” The records came up and she scrolled through them.
Sam leaned on the edge of the computer desk. “There is one thing Jack is right about. We need to deal with this guy soon. And preferably in daylight.” He looked over at her. “Anything on the kid?”
Aden was going through the records. “Not much. He dropped out of school and disappeared last fall. His parents never filed a missing persons report but the school issued a truancy warrant. He didn’t have a driver’s license or criminal history.”
“Well, let’s hope he just decided to split.” He put a hand on her shoulder. “Everything okay with you and Doc?”
His abrupt shift of topic caught her off guard. “Fine. He’s going to use dad’s old packing room for a lab.” Aden bookmarked the file and closed the database. She looked up at Sam. “What were Daniel and Joseph working on last night?”
Sam got up and went over to the map on the wall. “They think Duval is still on the east side. They’re just trying to decide how best to cover ground.” He looked back at her. “The Hensley place is on the east side.”
Aden shivered. “I know.”
Sam turned back to the map. “Will you help with the search?”
She felt the weight of the badge on her shirt and closed her eyes. “Sam, I know you made me deputy but I still feel uncomfortable going out in the field unless it’s absolutely necessary. This is only a temporary assignment. I don’t want people to get the wrong idea.”
She could see his back tense. “I hear what you’re saying.” He nodded and went to the coat rack, pulled his coat off the hook, and slipped it on. He didn’t look at her. “It would be better if one of us stayed in town, anyway.” He went out the door.
Aden leaned back in the chair and looked up at the ceiling. Had she said the wrong thing? She sighed and went back to the computer. The email inbox was flashing. She opened it. There was a message with attachments from Detective Peters. Aden felt her chest tighten. She opened the message and began reading.
* * *

Michael came into the main dining room. There seemed to be fewer people than he’d seen the previous day. He noticed Daniel and Joseph had their maps out again but they had moved to a table near the wall. Daniel looked up and noticed him. “Well, the doctor is in. Aren’t you done here?”
Michael could hear the hostility in Daniel’s voice and wondered what he’d done to get on his bad side. “The Sheriff has asked me to stick around and analyze a blood sample.” Michael moved toward the counter and sat down.
Daniel started to say something but Joseph cut him off. “Daniel, stop throwing sand. Michael doesn’t deserve your anger.”
Michael could hear the rustle of paper behind him and glanced over his shoulder. Daniel was fighting with the maps. “I wish Dad and Aden would hurry up. We’re wasting daylight.”
Joseph put a hand on Daniel’s shoulder. “Breathe. Let go of your sand so you don’t throw it around.”
Daniel looked over at Joseph with an odd expression on his face and dropped his voice. “Is this more of your goofy native nonsense?”
Joseph shook his head. “It has nothing to do with my ancestors. I figured it out on my own after Paul and I got into a big fight one day. We’d snapped a line and jammed the winch. Had to come back into the dock with nothing to show for the day’s work. Paul was so angry that he went down onto the beach, started picking up handfuls of sand, and throwing them all over the place.”
“Sounds messy.”
Joseph chuckled. “It was. And when I came over to try to talk to him, he started throwing it at me. It made me realize that anger is just like that loose sand. When someone throws it at you, it hurts. If you get it in your eyes, you end up crying, trying to get it out.”
Daniel braced himself on the table. Michael couldn’t see his face but the tension in his back was evident. “So I should just bottle it up? Is that your words of wisdom?”
“No. You should let it go, but not at others. Breathe it out.” He inhaled deeply as an example. “Sand is a heavy burden to carry. Emotions like anger, fear, guilt, jealousy, and shame will only hurt you if you carry them around. Or if you throw them at others.”
Daniel spun around and faced him. “Emotions are bad? What about the good ones like love, joy, and happiness. Are they bad, too?”
Joseph shook his head. “All emotions are temporary, like hunger and tiredness. We solve them by eating and sleeping.” Daniel started to interrupt but Joseph held up his hand. “Even happiness is limited. You can’t be happy all the time. But you can be calm. Calm is a state of being. It means you’re in control.”
Daniel huffed and closed his eyes. “Okay, I get the lecture. Don’t throw sand at people. Stay calm. Note taken.” He looked up at Joseph. “Can we go back to this now?” He leaned forward and pointed to the map and started laying out his description of a search pattern.
Michael turned back around as Annie came in with the coffee pot. She turned his cup over and filled it. He noticed her hands were shaking. She reached under the counter and brought out the saucer of creamers and sugar packets.
Michael grinned. “You remembered.”
“Of course.” There was a definite tremor in her voice. Her face seemed tight and her smile wavered. She moved off to fill other cups around the room.
Michael dumped the cream and sugar into his coffee. He brushed away the few sugar crystals that had escaped and thought about the sand fight Joseph had described. If his brother would have been on a beach during their last encounter, Michael was certain he would have been covered in sand. He sipped at the hot coffee and wondered where Matt was at that moment.
The heavy doors of the main room opened and Sam came in. He glanced around for a moment then joined Daniel and Joseph by the maps. “So, what’s the plan?”
Daniel finished off the last of his food. “You’re late. We’ve already eaten and we’re ready to go.” Daniel looked around. “Where’s the Big A?”
Michael had wondered the same thing. He was concerned by Sam’s frown. “She’ll be staying in town while we go out.”
Daniel looked shocked. “What? Why for?”
Sam shrugged. “Someone has to hold down the fort.”
Annie distracted Michael by setting a menu down in front of him. “Will Aden be joining you?”
Michael managed to control his shaking hand and pick up the menu. “I’m not sure. I guess she’s still over at the office.”
Annie clicked her tongue. “I don’t think Sam realizes what he’s asking of her.”
Michael looked up and saw the tension in her face. She patted Michael’s hand. “I’ll make a breakfast roll for her.” She glanced back at the men at the table. “By the sound of things, Sam’s going to need one, too.” She turned back to Michael. “And you?”
He’d had learned his lesson the day before. “Half of the Basic will be fine.”
Annie shook her head. “You and Aden are too much alike. Neither of you eat.” She took the menu and disappeared into the kitchen.
Michael studied his coffee. Could they really pull their relationship back together after 18 years? He closed his eyes. He usually didn’t have trouble reading people but Aden had always been an enigma. Her poker face was too good. Without her expressions, he had no idea what she was thinking.
Daniel raised his voice again, enough to drag Michael from his contemplations. “We really need her on this one. Why do you have to hold her back in the office? It’s not like she doesn’t know what she’s doing. I don’t like uneven teams. The lone person is always at a disadvantage.”
Jack got up and came toward them. “I could help.”
Daniel laughed. “Sorry, Jack. We need someone who can carry a gun, not play pick-up sticks.”
“I have a real weapon.”
The room went silent. Michael turned in time to see the expression of disbelief on Sam’s face. “You have a gun?”
“No.” Jack opened his coat and pulled out a sheathe almost as long as his arm. He opened it and pulled out a slender blade. “I have a silver sword.”
Daniel looked perplexed. “You want to go after this guy with an over-sized hunting knife?” He looked at Sam. “Have you checked the local asylums to see if they lost this nut case?”
Sam was having a tough time controlling his face. He managed to swallow his laugh and square his shoulders. “Jack, if you don’t stop pestering us, I’m going to get on the radio and call Aden over here to deal with you.”
Jack’s face went pale. He put away the sword and slunk back to the corner table.
Daniel was chuckling under his breath. He looked over at Sam. “Now there’s a threat that will put the fear into you.” He looked up at Joseph and sighed. “Well, I guess we’d better get a move on.”
Annie came out of the kitchen with her hands full. She set a plate of food down in front of Michael and placed something rolled in a white towel next to it. “That’s for Aden.” She went over to Sam and handed him a larger similarly wrapped parcel and a thermos. “And this is for you.”
Sam smiled at her. “Thanks, Annie.” He looked around the room and frowned. “Where’s Cindy this morning?”
Annie frowned and walked away without answering.
Daniel looked uncomfortable. “She wasn’t feeling all that great when she woke up.” He glanced up toward the balcony over Michael’s head. “Mags came over to see if she was okay.” He sighed, folded up the maps, and pushed out of the room.
Sam looked over at Joseph. “I hope everything is all right.”
Joseph put a hand on Sam’s shoulder. “What will be, will be.” He sighed. “I’m concerned about you being out there alone, Sam. This guy is dangerous.”
Sam managed a stiff grin. “Well, let’s hope he really is light shy. Speaking of, our new local weather man says it’s a bright sunny day. Guess we better not waste it.” He clapped Joseph on the shoulder and they walked out together.
The last few residents left the dining room shortly afterwards, leaving Jack alone in the corner. Michael hurried to finish his own breakfast, conscious that Aden’s was cooling next to his plate.
Annie came back with the coffee pot and refilled his cup. “I’m sorry it’s taking me so long this morning. Cindy is still upstairs.”
Michael wasn’t sure what to say. “Doesn’t she usually help you with the breakfast crowd?”
“Usually.” Annie pulled a damp towel out of her apron strings and began working on the counter.
Michael was concerned about the tone of Annie’s voice. “Is she okay?”
“I hope so.” 
“What’s wrong?”
Annie paused in her cleaning and looked up at him. He could see the fear in her face but it was mixed with something else that he couldn’t define. “Things are a little awkward right now.” She glanced in Jack’s direction and dropped her voice. “And this crazy murderer running around doesn’t help.” Her hands were shaking. She paused her cleaning efforts and looked up at Michael. “What is with him? Daniel swears both Sam and Aden shot him at close range.” Her voice faltered.
Jack looked at them from his table in the corner. “He’s a vampire, a demonic beast, but don’t worry. I know how to kill it.” He patted a notebook spread open on the table in front of him.
Michael tried to sound stern. “Jack, you heard what the sheriff said.”
Jack slumped back into the chair.
Annie scrubbed at the clean counter. “It’s just been so tight the past few years. The economy has hurt tourism and if this,” She search for a word, “thing doesn’t get controlled soon, it could make it even worse.” She glanced toward the stairs that curved around one side of the dining room to the balcony above them. “They say timing is everything.” The sound of footsteps above them made her jump. She clung to the rag, her knuckles turning white.
Michael followed the sound of the feet as they descended the stairs. Cindy and another woman came into view. Cindy looked happy. The other woman seemed confused. 
Cindy glided up to the counter. She couldn’t contain the smile on her face. “Oh, Mama, it’s so amazing!”
Annie looked up, almost terrified. “So what’s the verdict?” Her voice was shaking.
Cindy came around the counter and gave her mother a hug. “We’re going to have a baby!”
Annie clung to Cindy. Michael was worried she might pass out. She finally managed to stand straight and glanced over at the other woman. “Mags?”
She shrugged and took a seat at the end of the counter. “The test was positive.” Michael was at a loss. 
Cindy looked around. “Where’s Daniel? I can’t wait to tell him.”
Annie gripped the counter. “They’ve gone off on their search.” 
Cindy’s face fell a little. She turned and noticed Michael. “Oh! You’re here. I’m sorry. I should have introduced you.” She motioned to the woman seated at the end of the counter. “This is Maggie Mitchell, our local midwife.” She pointed at Michael. “Mags, this is that doctor I was telling you about.”
Michael groaned to himself. He’d almost forgotten everyone thought he was a doctor. He managed a polite smile and nodded toward Maggie.
She slid off the stool and came forward with her hand extended. “Nice to meet you. Welcome to Sweetvale, Doctor.”
Michael accepted her handshake. He forced his hand to stay steady. “Please, just call me Michael.”
“Of course.” She looked over at Cindy then back to him. “It certainly is amazing what modern medicine is capable of these days.”
Michael felt like he’d walked into a game of charades. He was baffled. He looked down at the wrapped parcel. “Well, I should really get Aden’s breakfast over to her.”
Annie picked it up. “It’s gone cold. I’ll warm it up.”
Michael watched her walk away with it. He glanced at Cindy and Maggie and sank back on the stool.
Cindy took Maggie’s hand. “I told you those supplements would work. They did it! We’re finally going to have a baby.”
Michael didn’t really want to get involved but Maggie handed him a bottle. “Are you familiar with this product?”
He reluctantly took the bottle and glanced at the label. It was a homeopathic, obviously from a small local dealer. He studied the ingredients. There was nothing special and certainly nothing that should increase fertility. He glanced at Cindy and noticed the odd expression on her face. He handed it back to Maggie. “I haven’t seen that one before.”
Maggie set it on the counter. “I’m just concerned. It just seems odd that this concoction could really make that much of a difference.”
Michael was also skeptical but Cindy didn’t give him a chance to say it. She rushed on, bubbling over with joy, yet he could see some kind of fear in her stance now.
Annie returned with the warmed package. She looked pale and her hands shook as she handed it to him. She managed a brief smile. “Make sure Aden eats.”
Michael saw her crumple. He reached over the counter and caught Annie. He called to Maggie to get her attention and Maggie rushed behind the counter to grab Annie. They got her seated at a table.
Cindy became frantic. “What’s wrong, Mama?”
Annie looked up at her. “I’m just worried about you. And now?” She didn’t finish her statement.
Jack jumped up and went over to her. “Don’t worry. I understand your fear.” He looked at Cindy and his face trembled. “I won’t let the Beast take another innocent victim. I couldn’t save Renee but now I’m better prepared. I won’t let it hurt you or your baby.”
Annie gasped. “Jack, what in the world?”
Jack pulled out a stake. “I’m going to hunt down that Beast and destroy it in its den while it’s sleeping.” He frowned. “I just don’t know the area very well.”
Michael felt his gut tighten. He stared at Jack.
Cindy got an odd look on her face. “Jack, I might have something that will help you.” She turned and rushed up the stairs.
Maggie looked at Michael with an astonished expression then put a hand on Annie’s arm. “Are you going to be okay?”
Annie’s face was pale. “Of course.” She hugged Maggie. “Everything will be fine.”
Michael realized Annie needed hydration. He noticed a pitcher of water on the counter and grabbed it, along with a glass and one of the sugar packets from the collection still sitting by his empty coffee cup. He filled the glass and emptied the sugar packet into it. He swirled it around and brought it to her. “Here, Annie. Try to take little sips.”
Maggie stayed next to her, encouraging her to drink. Annie reached out and took Maggie’s hand. She dropped her voice. “I don’t know how you do it, Honey. It must be so hard for you after you lost your own.” 
Maggie’s smile quivered a little. She squeezed Annie’s hand. “It’s how I give back.”
Annie still looked too pale and Michael wondered if he should go and get Clem.
Cindy came back down the stairs with something in her hands. “This is an old one. Daniel must have the others with him. I heard them talking last night. I know where they’re looking.” She spread the map out and pointed to an area on it.
Jack moved to the table, leaned over the map, and studied it. “This will definitely help.”
Michael looked down at Annie, torn by indecision. He was afraid that Jack was about to do something really stupid. He knelt beside Annie and looked up at her. “I’d really feel better if Clem were here with some of his equipment.” He glanced over at Jack. Cindy was trying her best to answer his questions. Michael’s gut began to twist. “Please don’t let him do anything really dumb before I get back.”
Maggie knelt down beside him. “What do you need?”
He looked over at her. “I need to let Clem know what’s going on.” He motioned quietly toward Annie.
She nodded, stood up, and spoke loud enough so Cindy would hear her. “I hate to leave you like this but I promised Ben I’d help him pack. He’s got a congregational conference to attend down in California and he wanted to get on the road fairly early.”
Cindy turned away from the map and came up to her. “I know things are a little crazy right now. If you don’t feel comfortable staying alone, you could always come here and stay with us.”
Maggie smiled. “I appreciate the offer but I need to go up to the Hanson place and keep an eye on Beth. With all the worry, she might start labor early.”
Cindy gave her a hug and went back to the table where Jack was studying the map.
 Maggie gave a final glance in their direction and turned back to Michael. She dropped her voice “I’ll stop by and see Clem.” 
Michael nodded. He was trying to keep an eye on Annie’s condition and pay attention to Jack’s dizzy ravings. He turned back to Maggie. “Thanks.” 
Maggie hugged Annie and slipped away.
Michael was startled by Jack’s exclamation. He was still trying to process everything that had just occurred. “Wait a minute.” He came up to the table where Jack was circling several areas. “What are you talking about doing?”
Jack’s eyes were slightly glazed and perspiration glistened on his forehead. “I’m not going to just sit here anymore. I know you all don’t believe me. I can tell. You’re just like the detective back in Portland. He said he’d look into it. A lot of good it did all of the other victims.”
Michael was desperate to find a way to stall him. “How many victims are we talking about? Aden mentioned three or four.”
Jack laughed harshly. “Those are just the ones the police really cared about. The real people, the law-abiding citizens. They probably didn’t mind the other ones that the Beast consumed. They were low-life lawless types, lost souls on the streets who had no ties to anyone else.” Jack dropped his voice to a husky whisper. “Everyday it has to eat. It has to consume another soul. Sometimes more, like when it’s injured.”
Michael was racing to process this new information. He was also beginning to think clinically about what might be causing Duval’s condition, like he did with his samples in the lab.
Jack wavered a little and planted his hands on the table. “I have to do this. I’ve been called by higher powers. That’s why I survived.”
Michael shook his head. “Jack, this is crazy.”
Jack scowled at him. “You’re a big fancy doctor that hides in some big fancy city hospital where everything makes perfect sense. I’ve seen the real streets of Portland. I know what’s out there.”
Michael didn’t want to argue that Jack was wrong on all counts. Annie coughed and Michael glanced over his shoulder at her then back at Cindy. “Please try to talk him out of this. I need to keep an eye on your mom.”
Cindy’s eyes went wide and she nodded. She looked over at Jack. “This area is really more complicated than a city, Jack. There aren’t street signs or addresses.”
Michael hoped that might detour Jack and turned back to focus on Annie.
The doors of the main dining room pushed open and Michael was relieved to see Clem enter. He had his hands full of various medical cases. Michael helped him set them all down.
Clem took one look at Annie and patted Michael on the arm. “Good call.” He grabbed a stethoscope and blood pressure cuff and knelt next to Annie. “Hey, ma’am. How are we going to go out dancing if you aren’t feeling well?”
Annie managed a weak smile. She let Clem adjust the cuff and looked up at Michael. “You don’t understand.”
That was an understatement. He pulled a chair around so he could sit and took her other hand, feeling her pulse at the same time. “Annie, right now, the only thing I really understand is that you need to listen to Clem and do what he tells you.” Michael glanced up at Jack then back at her. He dropped his voice and leaned forward. “I’m going to do what I can to keep Jack from causing trouble.”
Clem released the pressure on the cuff and exchanged numbers with Michael. Michael could see the concern on Clem’s face. The medic listened to her heart and lung sounds. “You got the sweetest sounding heart. That explains everything.”
Annie managed to laugh at him. Michael watched the color coming back to her cheeks and relaxed a little.
Clem winked at her. “Well, here’s the deal. I’m thinking you can probably hang out here as long as you promise to rest and drink some juice. But no dancing, especially on the tables.”
Annie laughed even harder and put a hand on his arm. “You really are something else.”
Clem strung the scope around his neck. “That’s what they keep telling me. They just can’t figure out what.” He stood up. “I’m going to prescribe a nice apple juice with a sweet rosy bouquet.” He looked over at Michael. “Do you concur?”
Michael chuckled. “Absolutely.”
Clem stood. “I bet if I rummage around in the kitchen, I’ll be able to find it.”
Annie shook her head. “Oh no you don’t.” She stood up. “I’ll be fine. You don’t really need to fuss over me.” She turned and looked at Michael. “But, thanks for caring.” She gave a final glance at Jack and Cindy and disappeared through the service doors.
Clem picked up his gear and moved toward his boxes, motioning Michael to follow. “I don’t think it was anything serious. She recovered pretty fast.” He pointed at Cindy and Jack. “What’s with the pow-wow?”
Michael hadn’t been paying attention to them lately. He noticed Cindy had gone back to pointing at the map. He shook his head and looked back at Clem. “Have you ever walked into something and had no clue what was really going on?”
Clem grinned. “I have advice for that.” He closed up his medical box and looked at Michael. “Duck.”
Michael laughed. “I am glad that Maggie found you.”
A slight blush came to Clem’s cheeks. He shrugged. “Well, it wasn’t hard. I was already here. I just dropped my wagon and ran back for this stuff.”
“You’re wagon?”
Clem chuckled. “Yup. I got it loaded up with all kinds of goodies for you.” He patted the med box. “Tell you what, you help me lug all this stuff back to its home and I’ll set you up with some lab equipment.”
Michael grinned. “It’s a deal.” 
Annie came back out with a glass of juice. Clem gave her a hug. “Keep an eye on those two while Doc and I put all this away.”
Annie held up her glass. “I will.”
Michael watched Jack studying the map and felt a wave of concern. “If he starts to get any more crazy ideas, you make sure and let us know.”
Annie looked over at them. “I’ll do my best to redirect his energy.”
Michael almost tripped over the wagon as he stepped off the front porch of the café. He looked down at all the boxes piled on it. “Holy cow! You’re cupboards must be bare.”
Clem chuckled. “They needed a little trim. I’m just hoping you can put it all to good use.”
They walked the short distance to the fire station and Clem let him in the smaller door in the front. Michael whistled. “So this is where the rescue squad hangs out.”
“Wouldn’t want the fire truck to get lonely, would you?”
Michael looked across at the shiny red engine. “I know you’re good but can you drive both at the same time?”
“Heck no. Russ would give me a bad time if I touched his baby. There’s been a Hensley behind the wheel of a fire truck since before Sweetvale existed. You’d be amazed at how fast the fire crew can get here.”
Michael shook his head and followed Clem into the back of the squad. He put the AED into its slot while Clem put up the med cases. Michael’s gaze traveled across the contents of the compartment. “You’re well stocked.”
“Have to be out here. You never know what to expect and we’re a long way from the nearest ER. I’ve seen just about everything.”
“And now vampire attacks.”
Clem chuckled. “Now there’s one they never tell you about. I’ll definitely be able to top everyone at the next EMT convention.”
They jumped out of the squad and Clem closed up the back. Michael grinned. “Sweetvale is lucky to have you.”
Clem got quiet then he shrugged and walked toward the door. “Better get back to the café. Don’t want to leave that tripping hazard in front of the porch.”
Michael noticed Clem’s voice had lost some of its zeal. “And Sweetvale has its own midwife. Maggie seems nice.”
Clem’s cheeks brightened again. “What was she up to this morning?”
“Apparently setting up a new client.”
Clem looked surprised. “Cindy?”
Michael grinned. “So it would seem.” Then he frowned. “She was a little concerned about some supplements Cindy had been taking.” Michael rolled his eyes. “It drives me crazy that everyone in this town thinks I’m a doctor. I’ve got to find a way to set folks straight on that.”
Clem laughed. “Wouldn’t do any good. Once a person has an idea in their head, it’s next to impossible to change their mind.”
Michael shook his head. “Anyway, she wanted me to look at these supplements so I did. Nothing on the list out of the ordinary. For some reason, both she and Annie seemed rather surprised that Cindy was pregnant.”
Clem shrugged. “Don’t know the answer to that one other than they’ve been trying forever.” Clem stopped by the wagon. “But it sounds like they were finally successful. Good for them.”
Michael heard something in Clem’s tone. He looked over and noticed Clem was tracing the label on one of the boxes. Michael leaned against a post of the porch, enjoying the warm sun. “How well do you know Maggie?”
Clem didn’t look up. “We’ve shared a couple of patients.”
Michael frowned. “Did she lose a baby?”
Clem went stiff and turned away. He stuck his hands into the pockets of his overalls. “Ya, she did.”
Michael was shocked. “Clem, I’m sorry. I didn’t know you had anything to do with it.”
Clem hung his head and shrugged. “It’s partly how I got into this whole deal.” He sighed and found another porch post of his own to lean against. “You see, the logging companies used to bring in their own EMTs so Sweetvale never worried about it. But when the bigger companies moved out, so did their crews. There was only one small company still working when I ended up here.” 
Michael chewed on his lip. He could tell this wasn’t an easy topic for him.
Clem looked around then over at Michael. “There was a serious accident and all they had here was a small volunteer crew with basic training.” He pointed his thumb toward the café. “I’d been sitting in there talking to one of them when the call came over the radio. The guy panicked. I realized they needed extra help so I volunteered.” He shook his head. “Maggie’s man was one of the victims. There was nothing we could do for him. He probably never knew what hit him.” Clem’s voice broke.
Something Aden had said the previous night fell into place. He looked toward the office. “Was his name Kevin?”
Clem gasped. “What are you, psychic?”
Michael looked back at him. “I just got a little of the story last night. I didn’t realize it was the same incident till just now.”
Clem pulled a hanky from his back pocket and blew his nose. “Anyway, when Maggie got the news, she went into labor out of grief. We were all still at the job site so there was no one in town to help her. She lost the baby before they could get her down to the city.”
Michael studied the ground for a moment. “And that’s why she became a midwife.”
Clem managed a dry chuckle. “Oh, she’s more than just a midwife. She’s a full RN. Even done some graduate work.”
Michael leaned his head back against the pole and closed his eyes. “And she was asking me for help? Oh brother.”
“I don’t know. You seem smarter than the average bio-tech.”
Michael noted the lift in his voice and relaxed a little. “Maybe.” He looked over at Clem. “Maybe it’s time to let go and move forward.” 
Clem gave him the oddest look. He started to say something but the café doors banged open. Both of them turned to see Annie standing there.
Michael immediately jumped onto the porch and came to her. “Annie! Are you okay?”
Clem was next to him. “You weren’t trying to tango on the table were you?”
She managed to laugh. “No, but you’d better come in.” She controlled herself and looked at Michael. “I just hope I didn’t wait too long.”
Jack’s voice from inside the main room startled Michael. “That’s it!”
Michael and Clem both rushed inside with Annie close on their heels.
Cindy had a confused expression on her face. “What is?”
Michael came forward. “Jack, what are you doing?”
Jack whirled around and faced Michael. “I know how the Beast is getting around!”
Michael gasped. “What are you talking about, Jack?”
Clem cleared his throat. “Did I miss something?”
Jack leaned over and pointed at the map. “Look at this.”
Michael moved forward and looked at the marks that Jack had made on the map. “Okay. And this means?”
Jack looked annoyed. “These are the places where the Beast attacked its victims.” He pointed each one out. “Do you see how they’re all connected?”
Michael looked down at the mystifying series of lines and colors. He glanced over at Clem, who had moved forward and was tracing some pattern on the map. “Well, Army? What are we looking at?”
Clem tapped the map. “Creek beds.”
“Exactly!” Jack followed the same pattern that Clem had just traced. “That’s why they kept loosing his trail yesterday morning. He was using the creek beds like we use a freeway.” He looked at Michael with sincerity. “Vampires aren’t stupid.”
Michael’s mouth had gone dry. He looked back at the map and tried to see what the others obviously saw.
Jack looked up at Cindy. “You said there were a lot of overhangs on this creek?”
She was staring at him but managed to nod. “Daniel was complaining about them because of all the shadows they created. It made it hard for them to see anything.”
Jack put his finger decisively down on the map. “Then that is where I’ll start.”
Annie stared, wide-eyed. She turned to Michael. “Is he for real?”
He wasn’t sure how to answer that question. He trapped the map on the table under his hands. “Jack, you’ve got to let the sheriff handle this. This is his job, not yours.”
Jack whirled around. “No! This is my destiny! I’ve been given this task as penance for my failures. I have the knowledge. I know how to destroy the Beast. They don’t. I don’t care what the sheriff says. I’m going to end this. Now!” He pulled the map out from under Michael’s hands, folded it, and started toward the door.
Michael grabbed his arm. “Jack, stop and think.”
Jack’s face twisted. “You don’t know what it’s like to watch the Beast eat.” He jerked his arm free and turned to face Michael. “To be trapped and helpless while that thing consumes someone you love.” His voice was thick. “The Beast isn’t human. It’s a demon. The police assured me that they would catch it but they didn’t know what they were dealing with. It escaped and now it has come here to feed.”
Michael caught Clem’s motion as the medic pointed toward the door. He gave a slight nod. He had to find a way to stall Jack. He moved slightly to put himself between Jack and the door.
Cindy slid close to Annie and they clung to each other. Annie’s face had gone pale again.
Michael swallowed hard. “I’m not going to let you do this.”
Jack dropped his voice even lower until it sounded more like a growl. “How many will it consume here until you finally accept that you’re not dealing with an ordinary murderer. You’re not dealing with something human. You’re dealing with a vampire!”
“Jack, think about this. You’re one person. Wouldn’t it make more sense to let Sam and the others deal with Duval?”
“They don’t understand. You can’t just shoot it. I’ve seen it myself. Ordinary bullets have no effect. I have the weapons to take down the Beast.” He started to move forward.
Michael grabbed his arm. “Don’t do this.”
Jack’s face twisted. “It’s my destiny!” He pushed Michael aside and ran out of the room.
Michael landed hard on the edge of a table. He was too stunned to move. He shuddered as the outer doors slammed shut.
Cindy looked at him. “Oh! What have I done?” Cindy buried her face in her mother’s shoulder and sobbed.
Michael managed to pull in air. He pushed off the table and staggered toward the door. “I’ve got to warn Aden.”
He was almost to the doors when they flung inward. Aden nearly collided with him. They reached out and caught each other.
Clem grabbed the heavy doors before they swung back on them. “Physics is out to clobber you today but disaster has been averted.”
Michael looked into Aden’s troubled eyes. “I couldn’t stop him. He’s taken off.”
Aden untangled herself from his arms. “I have to get back to the office so I can warn Sam.”
“I might be able to help you with that.” Clem shooed them forward so he could release the doors. He reached behind his back and pulled out a portable radio. Clem held it out to Aden.
Michael grinned. “What are you, Houdini?”
Clem chuckled. “That would be a who, and this would be my radio, which I pretty much carry all the time, seeing as I’m the EMT and local towing company. Dispatch has this rotten habit of wanting to get a hold of me at the darnedest moments.”
Aden took the radio. “Thanks, Clem.” She called for Sam. He responded. Aden glanced up at Michael. “Jack has taken off into the woods. It seems he’s after Duval.”
There was a pause then Sam checked with Daniel to make sure he’d also gotten the message. Sam called for Aden again. “We’ll keep an eye out for him.” He signed off.
Aden handed Clem back the radio. “Any idea which direction he went?”
Cindy came forward. Michael tensed. She looked as pale as Annie. Cindy had her arms wrapped around herself. “I’m sorry. This is my fault. I didn’t realize he was really crazy enough to go out there alone.”
Aden got an odd expression. “What did you tell him?” She had softened her tone.
“He was asking about Cat Creek.”
“Thanks, Cinders.” She turned and went out the door.
Michael followed her. He caught her before she could trip over the loaded wagon.
Clem chuckled. “We really need to move this tripping hazard.”
Michael made sure Aden was stable. “I’ll get right on that.”
Aden paused and looked at the wagon. “What’s all this?”
Michael picked up the handle of the wagon. “My new lab, a la Clem.”
Clem’s radio crackled and all of them tensed. Michael heard and unfamiliar voice. “This is Dog Pack, does anyone copy?”
Aden took the radio Clem offered her and answered. Sam also responded. Michael could tell by the look on both Aden’s and Clem’s faces that they knew what was going on.
The man’s voice sounded shaky. “I think we found him.”
Clem closed his eyes. His voice went flat. “I’ll go pull the squad out.”
Sam’s voice came over the radio. “Where are you, Ian?”
“We’re up by the old fire tower.”
Sam made sure everyone knew and conversed briefly with Daniel and Joseph on who could get there the fastest.
Michael was trembling. He looked over at Aden’s unreadable features. “Is he dead?”
“By the sound of Mr. McGrayson’s voice, I’d say yes.”
Michael gasped. “He only left about fifteen minutes ago. How’d he manage to get himself killed already?”
Aden stared at him. “What?” Comprehension spread across her face and she touched his arm. “Michael, we’re not talking about Jack. Sam sent McGrayson and his dogs out to search for a missing person this morning.”
Michael didn’t know whether to be relieved or horrified.
Sam finally came back on and called for Aden. “It will take us a few hours to get over there. Is there anyway you could get up there faster?”
Michael could tell by the look on Aden’s face what answer she really wanted to give Sam. She sighed. “Okay, I’ll head up there.”
* * *

Clem pulled the squad around and stopped next to them. He leaned his arm on the window and looked over at Aden. “I don’t usually pick up hitchhikers but for you, I’ll make an exception.” He looked over at Michael and winked. “Don’t worry, I’ll have her back in time for dinner.”
He glanced up at the sky. “Before dark would be nice.”
Aden kissed Michael lightly. “Count on it.” She went around the other side of the squad and climbed in.
Clem pointed down at the wagon. “Sorry I left you with that mess. I was going to help you sort it all out.”
“That’s all right. It will give me something to do to keep my mind off of everything.” He looked across the cab at her.
Aden smiled back. “Don’t worry. I’ll be careful. I promise.” She watched him in the side mirror as Clem pulled away from the café. Were they always going to be moving away from each other?
Clem headed out of town. He turned up the east road and they started to climb. As they passed the Becker place, Aden looked up toward the house. “I wonder how Mrs. Becker is doing today?”
“Jimmy mentioned you’d stopped by.”
“He seems like a nice kid.”
Clem nodded but was unusually quiet. Aden turned and looked at him. “Did I say something wrong?”
Clem sighed deeply. “It’s not you. Just the past haunting me today.”
“Does it have something to do with Aaron and Gus?”
Clem’s face seemed to ripple. “Yup.”
“You don’t have to talk about it if you don’t want to.”
Clem tried to grin. “You’d think after 15 years it would get easier.” He hummed a bit of a tuneless melody. “That was one bad scene. It’s kind of how I ended up here in the first place. I’d just been,” he hesitated then shrugged, “up here on vacation.”
Aden studied his tight features. There was obviously more to it but she didn’t know him well enough to ask. Instead, she looked out across the landscape. “I guess it’s a good place for that.”
Clem swallowed hard. “I just happened to be there and came along to help out.”
Aden heard his voice crack. She bit her lip. “And it was bad.”
Clem nodded. “The truck had snapped a side bar and dropped the whole load on three men. Aaron and Gus Becker were two of them.”
Aden closed her eyes. “Kevin Tumsah was the third.” They road in silence for awhile. Aden managed not to cry.
The radio crackled and McGrayson called for them. She could hear the hounds baying in the background. Her gut tightened. McGrayson’s scratchy voice sounded fearful. “I’ve pulled the dogs back and marked the spot.”
Clem lifted the mic from its clip. “Do you think it’s the missing man, Ian?”
There was a long pause. “It might have been.” Even over the radio, she could hear the shake in his voice.
“We’ll be there in a few.” Clem cleared the channel. His hands were shaking so hard it was difficult for him to get the mic back on the prong.
Aden tried not to think about what they were going to find. Clem started humming his tuneless melody again. She glanced over at him. He was staring straight ahead, his hands gripping the steering wheel so tight that his knuckles were white. 
They came to the crossroad and found McGrayson’s son standing next to a battered pickup truck. Clem managed a weak grin. “There’s Hank.”
Clem brought the squad to a stop and Hank came up to the window. His face was so pale that he looked near death. “My pa is up on the ridge with the hounds.” He swallowed hard. “The remains are just below.” He leaned on the door.
“Easy there, man.” Clem put a hand on Hank’s shoulder. “Breathe, okay?”
Hank nodded. “I’m trying.” He looked over at Aden. “You may want to hang back while we take care of this.”
Aden’s shoulders tightened but she controlled her voice. “It won’t be the first one of these I’ve seen.”
Hank’s brows arched. “That’s not a comforting thought.”
Clem turned up the road and Hank followed in the truck. They found Mr. McGrayson seated on a rock with his dogs gathered around him. Even they seemed unnaturally calm and quiet. Clem rolled to a stop a few feet away.
Aden got out and went up to the old man. He sat staring down the slope, shaking his head. “Never in all my years.” He looked up at her. “Hello there, youngling.”
One of the dogs leaned against her leg and looked up at her with its big mournful eyes. Aden instinctively reached down to scratch under its chin. “Afternoon, sir.” It was old tradition to them. He’d come to visit her father many times when she had been young.
He stood and the dogs seemed to form an extended base around him. He pointed down the hill to a flapping piece of yellow. “It’s there.”
Aden nodded and braced herself. She looked back as Clem and Hank came up with a basket stretcher. “With the slope, that’s probably the better choice.”
Clem nodded. “Are you sure you want to go down there?”
 “Not really but I have to. I need to document the scene for the report. We didn’t get much with the second motorist and if Sam does have to take this to the DA, he’s going to need the photographs for evidence. We have to work by the book.”
Hank snorted. “This is in the book?”
Aden nodded. “It’s a crime scene so it’s in the book.” She didn’t wait for a response but turned and headed down the hill.
The twisted pile could have been mistaken for something other than a human body if it hadn’t been for the scraps of clothing still clinging to it. She set her jaw and forced her stomach to keep its contents as she pulled out her phone and began taking pictures. This body seemed even more violently contorted than the others had been. Was Duval getting more aggressive?
Aden found that by focusing on the scene analysis, she could control her responses. She moved around the body to get a better image and something caught her attention. She leaned closer. There appeared to be some kind of white foam on the victim’s neck. Was it something left from Duval?
Aden called to Clem. “Do you have some kind of sterile container?”
Clem unzipped the black bag and pulled out a small zip-lock baggie. He brought it over and knelt down beside her. “What have you got?”
She pointed out the foam. “I’m not sure what this is but it might be important.” She opened the baggie and started to reach toward it.
Clem grabbed her arm. “Let’s not throw caution to the wind.” He reached into his back pocket and pulled out a pair of flimsy blue gloves.
Aden took them. “Thanks.” She struggled to get her hands in the gloves.
Clem chuckled. “Just don’t want to have to explain to your honey why I wasn’t watching out for you.”
Aden scooped up some of the foam and zip-locked the baggie. She remembered the way Michael had turned his gloves over the samples she’d given him and attempted to imitate it. She noticed Clem’s tightly held grin but he didn’t say anything. When she finally managed to tie it off she backed away. “I think I’ve got enough pictures.”
Clem motioned to Hank and they moved forward. She remained detached as they slipped the body into the black bag and strapped it down to the stretcher.
Hank took the front and Clem took the back. As they picked it up, Hank turned around to look at it. “Damn, I knew the kid was scrawny but he hardly weighs anything.”
Aden looked at Clem but said nothing. It was just like the others. She carefully carried the sample back up the hill to the rescue squad.
Clem was happy to get the body loaded and start the engine. He leaned out the window to wave to Hank. “Thanks for the help. Be sure to head for home and be in by dark.”
Hank came up to the window. “Are we really dealing with a vampire?”
Every inch of Aden wanted to scream ‘no’ but she was beginning to wonder. “We’re dealing with a mentally deranged killer who has vampire-like tendencies. How’s that?”
“Good enough.” He looked back to where Ian was loading up the dogs into the bed of the truck. “Hard to even imagine something like this.” He said goodbye and ran to help his father with the last of them.
Clem started back toward town. Aden studied his face in the later afternoon glow. She was worried about the tight set of his jaw but afraid to ask. She watched the trees go by and was grateful when they came into town. Sam’s rig was just coming in from the other side with Daniel’s pickup not far behind.
Clem stopped in front of the Sheriff’s Office. “I’ll let you off here. This is another light one so I can manage it on my own.”
Aden put a hand on Clem’s shoulder. “Thanks for the ride. Are you going to be okay?”
He didn’t seem to have enough energy to even muster a grin. “What choice do I have?”
Aden forced a smile. “Maybe we’ll see you at dinner.” She picked up the sample, got out, and shut the door.
Clem turned the squad so he could back it down the narrow drive beside the fire station.
Aden was distracted by the sounds of someone cursing. She turned to see what was going on.
Daniel had pulled up in the gravel lot in front of the Sheriff’s Office. Joseph jumped out of the back as Daniel walked around the truck to the other side. “Do you want some help with that?”
Daniel waved him away. “I got it.” Joseph shrugged and walked toward the café. Daniel opened the other door. Aden could see someone else in the passenger seat but couldn’t tell who it was. Daniel stood beside the truck staring at his passenger. “If you want to stay out here all night, that’s fine with me.”
The person growled something incoherently. Daniel’s face went hard. He reached in and hauled Jack out by his coat collar.
 Aden gasped. “What in the world?”
Jack looked like a whipped dog. His hands were tied behind him and his head hung down. He kept mumbling. “It’s my purpose. I know it is.”
Daniel looked disgusted. “Does someone want this moron?” He dragged him toward the porch.
Sam looked perplexed. “Dare I ask?”
Daniel forced the grin off his face. “He’s a pretty pathetic case, isn’t he?”
Aden shook her head. “Why is he tied up?”
“We found him out in the middle of nowhere, raving about what he calls The Beast. He seemed to think it was his destiny, or some such nonsense, to rid the world of this vicious vampire.” Daniel tried to throw in his best imitation of a Transylvanian accent. “He didn’t want to give up his toys and come home.”
Jack kicked at the dirt. “Those were some of my best stakes.”
“The sticks are where they belong, out in the forest, which is where I would have left you if I hadn’t been asked to bring your sorry hide back in.” He made a face at Aden. “Thanks so much for that, by the way.”
 She got out of the way so Daniel could push Jack into the office. Jack crumpled into one of the plastic chairs. “But I found it.”
Aden froze. “You found what?”
Jack looked up at her. She could see the streaks of dusty tear tracks on his cheeks. “I found the Beast’s den.”
Aden walked away from him to prevent herself from doing him physical damage. Daniel was laughing.
Sam cleared his throat. “Cut the fool loose.” Aden listened to his footsteps as he walked up behind her. “You okay, Kiddo?”
Aden forced herself to relax. “What are we going to do with him?” She turned around and watched Jack wipe his face.
Jack shoved his handkerchief back in his pocket and withdrew his battered notebook. “I know what the Beast is. My research can prove it.”
Daniel grabbed the book out of his hands. “Your research?” He randomly opened the book. “Let’s see.” He studied the page, bringing it closer to his face. “The demon bites its prey, pulling from it a ransom of life blood, and injecting its demonic spore within its new host, thus forcing out the withering soul.”
Jack looked defiant. “I’ve seen it happen!”
Daniel snapped the book closed. His face contorted until he finally exploded with laughter. “That is the silliest nonsense I’ve ever read.” He pushed the book into Jack’s chest. “It’s an absolute hoot! Is this a comedy or a fantasy?”
Aden came forward. “You claim to be a journalist. What’s your source for this amazing research?”
“Libraries. You have to know where to look.” He glanced down at the notebook. “I can’t read some of the languages the books were written in. They’re very old. All I can get is someone’s translation.”
Sam went to his desk and collapsed into his chair. He leaned forward and rested his chin on his closed hands. “Jack, have you considered what might have been lost in the translation?”
Daniel grinned. “Like his mind?” He laughed at his own joke.
Aden stuck her hands into her pockets and felt the knotted gloves. “I need to get this sample over to Michael. It could be important.” She gave a final glance at Jack and left the office.
Aden hurried up the darkening street. The last of the evening’s color was fading in the west and a few stars twinkled between the patchy clouds. She slowed as she neared the house. It looked dark. Had Michael changed his mind and left after all?
She found the front door unlocked. The house was warm for a change. She flipped on the lights and gave her eyes a moment to adjust. The house felt stale.
The sound of a soft thump echoed from the back of the house. Aden jumped. She rushed toward the kitchen. It was dark. As she turned toward the laundry room, she noticed light from under the basement door.
Aden opened it and found the basement stairs lights on. There was another soft thump. It was coming from the basement. Aden crept down the stairs and peeked through the open doorway at the bottom.
Michael tossed another empty box into a pile. He looked at her, startled. “Holy cow! You scared me!”
Aden came in. “Sorry. The house was dark. I wasn’t sure what was going on.”
Michael looked out the back windows. “It did get dark.” He turned and came to her. Michael put his arms around her and pulled her close. “Are you okay?”
Aden breathed deeply, remembering his smell. “I’m better now.” She sighed. “But I brought you another gift.”
He let her go and backed away enough to see her face. “More blood?”
Aden pulled the tied gloves out of her pocket. “No. This is something else.”
Michael took the package in one hand but kept his other arm around her. “Come see what I’ve been working on.” He gently pulled her toward the packing room.
Aden looked at all of the mysterious items spread out across the benches. “This is all from Clem?”
Michael chuckled. “Clem is a man of many wonders. He has more bizarre stuff tucked into corners than anyone I’ve ever known.” 
Aden surveyed the equipment. Most of the counter space had been filled. “I’m glad you know what all this stuff is for.”
He pointed to a device that looked similar to one she’d used in school. “This is one nice microscope. Dissection lens, multiple light filters, and some pretty powerful optics.” He shook his head. “Where did he ever get something like this? It’s almost as good as the ones we had at the lab.”
Aden didn’t know much about microscopes. She’d thought about taking a forensics class once but didn’t have the space in her schedule. She’d used one in general biology but that was about it. She noticed a large boxy object plugged into the wall near the end of the bench. “What’s that?”
“A chemical carnival ride. It’s called a centrifuge. It’s used to spin blood samples down.”
She peered into a box. “Looks like a lot of glass.”
“Beakers and test tubes.” He pointed to a couple metal racks of neatly labeled bottles on the counter. “And a nice selection of test chemicals. I feel right at home.”
He released her, pulled on a pair of gloves, and untied her gift. He held the baggie up to the light. The white foam looked almost solid. “Where did this come from?”
Aden pulled out her phone and opened the file. “It was on the body.” She showed him the picture. “I wasn’t sure what it was or where it had come from but I thought it might be important.”
Michael pulled a few things together. He used a thin metal tool to spread some of the foam onto a glass slide and covered it. He put it on the microscope and turned on a light.
Aden watched him peering through the lenses. It took her back to their school days when she would find him studying late in the lab. She sighed. “So, what is it?”
Michael slowly stood up and turned to look at her. “I’m not sure. I think Clem has given me enough materials to do some basic tests on it.” He looked down at the image on the phone. “I’m guessing Clem has this one tucked in a drawer?”
“That’s where he was headed when he dropped me off.”
He pulled off his gloves and shoved them into a container that had a bio hazard warning label on it. He studied the image on the screen for a moment. “I’d really like to take a closer look at this before it gets too chilled.” He handed her phone back.
“I’ll walk with you as far as the office. I didn’t get a chance to look at all the files Detective Peters sent me.”
“Let me grab a few things.” He moved along the benches gathering objects. He tucked them into a small cooler and zipped it closed. “I think I have everything.”
Aden encouraged Michael to slip into a warmer coat that she found on a peg in the front hallway. “My dad won’t mind, honest.”
He slung the strap of the cooler over his shoulder and looped his other arm through hers as they walked down the street. “I just can’t get over how dark it gets out here.”
As they got closer, they saw someone walk across the street from the fire station to the Sheriff’s Office. Aden could hear a tuneless humming.
Michael chuckled. “That’s Clem.”
“You can tell?”
“Let’s just say we’ve had a chat about music.” He stopped as they neared the building. “What’s all that about?”
Aden could hear the tone of Sam’s voice. She hurried forward. She entered the office and stopped so fast that Michael ran into her.
Sam stopped shouting and turned to look at her. She looked at Jack, who sat sniffling in the same chair he’d been in when she’d left. She looked over at Daniel who was sitting on Sam’s desk, a grin on his face.
Clem was seated in the rolling chair by the computer. “Welcome to the party.”
Michael shut the door behind them. “What happened to Jack?”
Daniel snickered. “He’s getting a chewing.”
Aden almost felt sorry for him. “Don’t you think he’s had enough?”
Sam scowled. “Only if he promises to stay out of the forest. Otherwise, I’ve got a nice cell in the back with a ‘reserved for Jack’ sign on it.”
Michael walked up to Jack. “Did you give something back to Daniel?”
Daniel jumped off the desk. “Huh? What’s he got?”
Jack reached into his coat and pulled out a folded sheet of paper. Michael plucked it out of his hands and passed it over to Daniel. “It’s not Cindy’s fault. She didn’t think he was crazy enough to make use of it.”
Daniel opened a section. “It’s one of my survey maps. So that’s how you got out there.” He folded it back up and stuck it in his back pocket. “You’re a danger to yourself, to say nothing of us.” His stomach rumbled. “I’m done here. My gut is talking to me.” He half turned to Aden. “Can you hear it? Feed me, Daniel, feed me!”
Aden had to laugh. “Get out of here!”
Daniel winked. “See you all at dinner.” He left the office.
Sam took a deep breath and let it out slowly. He looked at Michael. “Thanks, Doc.” He scowled at Jack again but didn’t say anything. He went to his desk.
Michael turned to Clem. “Actually, you’re who I was looking for.”
Clem slapped his leg and grinned. “I’m just the man of the hour.”
“First, thanks for the supplies. You’ve stocked me up pretty well.”
“Glad to get rid of it. What else can I do for you?”
Michael glanced at Aden before turning back to Clem. “I was hoping to take a look at your newest resident.”
Sam looked up from the papers he was sorting. “I appreciate your diligence but it can wait until tomorrow. He’s not exactly going anywhere.”
Michael turned to Aden. “Could you show Sam those pictures?”
Sam got up and Aden pulled the phone out of her pocket. She opened the file and handed the phone to Sam. Sam flipped through the images. “What’s this white foam?”
Jack jumped out of the chair. “White foam?”
Aden was startled. Jack’s face had gone pale. Everyone was staring at him.
Jack looked at her. “Was it on the victim’s shoulder?”
Aden felt the tingle crawl up her spine. “It was.”
Jack staggered. “We have to do something before it’s too late!”
She swallowed hard. “Too late for what?”
Jack’s eyes widened. “Before he rises as a vampire.” His whisper filled the room.
Aden was grateful Daniel had already left or he would have been rolling on the floor. She glanced at the others. Sam scowled, Clem grinned, and Michael seemed baffled.
Michael looked between Aden and Clem. “Was this guy any different from the others besides the foam?”
Aden shook her head. “If anything, he was worse. It’s almost as if Duval was even more aggressive with this kid than with the two motorists.”
Michael relaxed. “Then we shouldn’t have anything to worry about.”
Jack gasped. “Why do you say that?”
“Because there isn’t enough left of the victim to rise. This nut seems to have a passion for organs.”
Clem chuckled dryly. “And we’re not talking about the musical ones.”
Jack was shaking. “You’re all crazy!” He stumbled toward the door, stopped, and looked back at them. “Don’t say I didn’t warn you.” He slipped out of the office and shut the door with a forceful bang.
Aden shook herself and remembered to breathe. She turned to look at Sam, who was still staring at the door. He sank down into a chair. “I swear, he’s a few sheets short.”
Clem laughed. “That’s an understatement!” He clapped Michael on the shoulder. “Did you say you wanted to meet my new tenant?”
Michael nodded. He turned to Aden. “Are you going over to the café for dinner?”
Aden’s stomach was churning. “I’m not up to food yet. Let me know when you’re done and I’ll reassess the situation.”
Michael smiled at her. He gave her a quick kiss and followed Clem out of the office.
Aden sank into the chair that Clem had vacated. She woke up the computer and logged on. The Inbox was flashing. She checked the messages. There was one from Detective Peters. It had a list of attachments. She began opening the files.
Sam stretched. “I don’t know about you, but I’m hungry enough to eat a bear.”
Aden shivered. “Not a great thought at the moment.” She opened one of the attachments. It was a list of drugs. She read the details. “Wow! This might help.”
Sam got up and came over. “What is it?”
“The entire list of drugs that Duval was connected to. Everything from what he was known to use to what he sold. Detective Peters sent it.”
Sam leaned on the back of her chair. “We now have four dead people. Isn’t that enough to ask for help?”
Aden was startled by the tone of his voice. She looked up at him. “Sam, are you okay?”
He stood up. “These city cops deal with this craziness all the time. Surely they must have more experience than we do. Can’t they spare a couple of officers?”
Aden had been looking through a few other files. “There are only two people working on this case in Portland, Ryan Peters and his partner, David Saulenson. And this is just one of many their dealing with.”
The office door opened and they both turned. Joseph entered. “I was beginning to worry about you two. Daniel came in some time ago.”
Sam sighed. “Sorry, Joe. We got caught up with some stuff.”
Aden went back to the list. It might help Michael. She hit the print button. The printer came to life and spit out the pages.
Joseph leaned over and picked them up. “What’s all this?”
“Drugs. I’m hoping the list might help Michael narrow down what might be causing Duval’s unusual abilities.”
Sam chuckled. “What? You don’t believe Jack?”
“No. Vampires are works of fiction. Duval is all too real. Drugs are just bad news.”
Joseph handed her the pages. “Drugs are tools. Like any tool, they can be misused. Drugs dull the senses, allowing a person to ignore pain, whether it’s physical or otherwise. It provides relief. Don’t you take something when you have a headache?”
Aden folded the pages and put them in the inner pocket of the jacket. “The last time I checked, pain relievers weren’t on the addictive list.”
Joseph sat down in one of the plastic chairs. “They relieve pain. That sense of relief can be addictive. That relief can provide a false sense of security. It prevents you from paying attention to whatever is causing the pain.”
Aden thought back to some friends in college who had smoked pot. “From what I’ve seen, people tend to use drugs because their friends do. It’s almost like a club thing, an initiation into the group.”
 “Very often, that’s where it begins - with a need for acceptance.”
Sam sat down on a chair next to Joseph. “You mean, people actually take that junk to fit in?”
Joseph nodded. “There are many kinds of addictions, not just drugs. They have things in common. They all spiral downwards - from sand into mud. They begin with emotional issues. Sometimes it’s the need to belong, other times, it’s the need to escape from the troubles around them. The danger is that they end with physical problems, sometimes even death.”
Aden closed the file. “I’ve never really understood it.”
Sam grinned. “That’s because your daddy raised you right.”
Aden turned away. “I don’t think it had anything to do with that.” She busied herself by shutting down the computer.
Sam started to say something but Joseph cleared his throat. “Drugs cause other problems. They cost money but the more drugs a person takes, the less likely they are to keep a job. Most drugs affect the mind, preventing a person from thinking clearly. They force a person to do things that go against common sense.”
Aden swallowed hard. She knew what Joseph was getting at. She fought with the memories that tried to seep out of her mental box. She closed her eyes, willing the tears not to fall.
Sam dropped the files on his desk into a drawer. “I don’t understand, Joe. You’d think that if a guy lost his job and couldn’t afford to buy more drugs, he’d have to give it up.”
“Unfortunately, they are trapped. They’ve become addicted to the feeling of safety the drug provides. They affect the person’s mind and eventually, their health. Sometimes the drug smothers the user completely - like a parasite devouring its host.”
She felt the hand on her shoulder and jumped. She struggled to pull herself together. “I’m okay.”
“Aden.” Joseph’s voice was quiet. “She was under its control. The mud was sucking her down. She was blind to what she was doing to you.”
Aden covered her face with her hands and cried.
* * *

Michael studied the wound carefully, looking at the unusual white foam. “At first, when I saw the pictures, I was thinking this might be foaming saliva.”
Clem leaned over the bag on the other side of the table. “Doesn’t look like any I’ve ever seen. The bubble structure is too small.”
Michael scraped a small section into a glass vial. “That’s weird. It’s more like really yeasty dough.”
“Could it be something from the environment? Maybe the kid fell in some fungi.”
Michael moved the tissue around and examined the wound more closely. “I don’t think so. This stuff goes in quite a ways. I have a feeling it came out of Duval’s mouth while he was biting down.”
“That’s a serious plaque condition.”
Michael chuckled. “Do you suppose we should recommend brushing and flossing?”
“On something other than human sinews.”
Michael didn’t see anything else. He sealed the vial and stood up. “That should do it.”
“Shall I close, doctor?”
Michael laughed. “By all means. Do the honors.” Clem zipped up the bag while Michael went to the sink to wash up. “You’ll have to stop at the house and see what I’ve done with all your goodies.”
Clem closed the drawer. “Maybe in the morning. You look as tired as Aden. I’m guessing the two of you are going to snuggle down for some shuteye soon.”
“I’ve got to do something about that.”
Clem raised a brow. “About sleeping or not sleeping?”
“About the sleeping arrangements. We’re on the floor right now.” He could see the puzzled look on Clem’s face and explained about the mattress.
“I can understand the whole thing about not wanting to sleep in her parents’ room. I think that might creep me out, too.” He put his hand on his chin. “If the mattress fits, the frame should, too. It may take a little rearranging.”
“That’s not a bad idea.” He slapped Clem on the shoulder and followed him out of the morgue. “I’m going to get this back to the lab and retrieve Aden. I remember all too well from college. If I don’t keep an eye on her, she’ll forget to eat.”
Clem closed and locked the door. “Wouldn’t want any body snatchers to get in.”
Michael followed Clem out the back door and down the alley. He looked at the dilapidated siding of the building next to him. “This place looks a little worse for wear.”
“I’ve lost track of all the things that place has been. When I first moved here, it was a hardware store. After the last of the companies moved out, it went through a whole host of changes. Now it’s just empty.”
“That seems to be the case for most of the town.”
“Yup. It’s getting quiet up here.”
Michael could hear voices as they came out of the alley. He turned toward the sound and noticed Daniel and Cindy walking toward the gas pumps. “Looks like you might have some late business.” 
Clem paused and rested against the brick wall of the fire station. He leaned close to Michael. “I don’t want to disturb them. Besides, this could be interesting.”
Michael didn’t get a chance to ask. They had reached the pumps and Cindy stopped. Daniel looked frustrated. “You dragged me out here for the gas pumps? What? Do you want me to complain to Clem about the price of gas?”
Cindy swatted him with a towel. “No! Daniel!” She looked around before turning back to him. “I just wanted the chance to tell you.” Michael could hear the bouncy tone of her voice.
Daniel put his hands to the sides of his head and leaned forward. “I’m all ears.”
“All those supplements we’ve been taking have finally paid off.”
Daniel frowned. “What. The doctor’s mortgage?”
Cindy moved closer and put her arms around his waist. “No, Silly. We’re going to have a baby.”
For a moment, Michael was afraid Clem might really have business, of the medical kind. He leaned toward Clem. “Maybe it was a good thing we stayed.”
Daniel sagged against the pump. Michael could see the wave of expressions crossing his face. “Are you serious?” He almost sounded angry.
It certainly wasn’t the reaction Michael had expected. “That’s a little odd.”
Clem leaned over. “Surprise does weird things.”
Cindy let go of Daniel and backed up. “I’d thought you’d be happy. This is what we wanted. Isn’t it?”
Now Michael really was worried. He might not be a doctor but he’d had enough training to realize stress was the last thing a pregnant woman needed. “Which patient do you want?”
Clem chuckled softly. “I don’t know. Let me see how badly she damages him.”
Daniel was struggling. “This is what you wanted.”
Cindy seemed to be having trouble breathing. “It’s Aden, isn’t it? Ever since she came back you’ve been different.” Her tone was rising in both pitch and volume. “Damn you, Daniel Taylor! When are you going to realize she doesn’t love you!”
Michael was stunned. Daniel and Aden? He was confused. He staggered. 
Clem caught him. “Whoa, buddy. I don’t want three patients.”
Daniel’s face had gone dark under the florescent lights. “What would you know about love. At least she never pushed me into things I didn’t want to do!” He turned and stomped away.
Cindy buried her face in her hands and wept. She began staggering toward the café.
Clem pushed off the wall. “Me thinks we’d better go rescue yon distressed maiden.” His silly accent made it even worse.
Michael found himself grinning in spite of his whirling emotions. He started moving then stopped. He saw motion behind the blocky frame of Joseph’s truck. “What the heck? Is that Jack?”
“Where?” Clem squinted into the darkness. “I think it is. What’s he up to?”
Michael noticed another shadow coming from the direction of the café. “I think Daniel’s coming back.”
Jack suddenly shouted and jumped around the back of the truck toward the advancing shadow.
Michael’s heart raced. Was Jack going to attack Daniel? The shadowy form rushed forward snarling. It was Duval! He grabbed Clem’s arm. “Call for help!” Michael started running. Out of the corner of his vision he saw Aden come out of the Sheriff’s Office. He pointed toward the café. “Duval is after Cindy!” 
Jack managed to reach Cindy first. He put himself between her and Duval and yelled at the top of his lungs. “Get back, you vile Beast! I won’t let you have this one!” He held a wooden stake in one hand and what looked like a small glass bottle in the other.
Duval snarled at him and advanced in a crouched posture. Even though he was standing on his feet, the shadows made him appear to be on all fours like an animal. He moved toward Jack and Cindy.
Jack glanced over his shoulder at Cindy. “Get inside! Move towards the light!” 
Duval jumped at him and Jack turned to meet him. He jammed the stake into Duval with all his might.
Duval screamed and yanked the piece of wood out. He leapt toward them again.
Jack threw some liquid from the bottle in Duval’s direction. Duval dropped to his knees and howled, scratching at his arms, chest, and face.
Michael stopped a few feet away, uncertain what to do. Duval seemed to be ripping off sections of his own skin. His face withered in agony. He sprung up and jumped toward Michael.
Michael was so startled by the advance that he tripped and fell backwards. He watched in horror as the crazed man bounded toward him.
A gun shot boomed and Duval jerked in response. Michael watched as the blood poured for only a moment and the hole seemed to disappear. Duval screamed and sprang forward again.
A bright light from the direction of the café shown on him. Duval stopped and flung up his arms to protect his eyes. He snarled. A second louder shot rang out and Duval lurched again. He staggered then disappeared into the darkness beyond the blinding spot light.
Michael fought to get his respiration under control. Clem came to one side and Aden appeared at the other. He held up a hand. “I’m alright.”
Clem helped him to his feet and picked up the cooler. “You sure you’re in one piece?” Michael nodded. Clem handed him the cooler. “I’m needed elsewhere then.” He hurried toward the café steps.
Michael slung the cooler over his shoulder. Aden put her arms around him. She buried her face in his chest. “I was so scared. I couldn’t risk the shot until you went down. I was terrified that Duval had gotten you.”
Michael put both arms around her and held her close. “We need to go check on the others.”
She let go of one side but kept her arm around him as they walked quickly toward the porch of the café.
Sam was already there. He sat on one side of Cindy and Daniel sat on the other. Cindy was clinging to Daniel and crying.
Clem moved forward and knelt in front of her. “How are you doing, pretty lady?”
Michael could hear Cindy whimpering. “I want to leave. I don’t care where we go. I don’t want to stay here.”
Daniel held her close. “Everything is going to be okay. Come on. Why don’t you let Clem check you out?”
Annie stood in the entryway, wringing her hands. She was trembling. Joseph put an arm around her. “She’ll be okay. Don’t worry.” He let her go and jumped off the side of the porch. He came up to Aden and took the gun she’d been holding. Aden moved forward.
Michael looked around and finally found Jack off in the shadows at the far end of the porch. He was immediately concerned by the man’s posture and ran forward.
Jack was curled over and shaking. Michael touched him gently. “Jack? Are you okay?”
The large man nodded. 
Michael realized he was crying. He knelt down beside him. “Are you hurt?”
Jack shook his head. He managed to get himself under control and turned so that his back was to the wall and he could stretch out his legs. He looked up at Michael with tear-filled eyes. “It’s gone.”
Michael frowned. “What is?”
Jack held up the tiny bottle that he had been clutching in his hand. “The Holy Water.” He sniffed. “That’s all I had.”
Michael was glad Daniel was occupied with Cindy. He bit his own lip and controlled his voice. “Holy Water?”
Jack nodded. “I got it from a priest. It’s really special. Only a few people know how to make it.” He looked down at the tiny bottle. “And now it’s gone.”
Michael held out his hand and Jack gave him the tiny bottle. He turned slightly and held it up so the glow of the large search light on the porch could illuminate the bottle. A small dribble of oily looking fluid slid across the bottom. “Wow.” He turned back and held the bottle out to Jack.
Jack held it in his hand. He took a couple of deep breaths then turned to Michael. “But did you see it?” He tapped the bottle lightly. “It worked. The Holy Water really worked.”
Michael looked up as Sam approached. Sam crouched next to Jack but looked at Michael. “Is he hurt?”
“I don’t think so. Just a little shook up.” Michael looked toward the rest of the group. “How’s Cindy?”
“Clem is checking her over.” Sam sighed. “What happened out there?”
Michael tried to think back but found much of it a blur. “Duval just came out of nowhere.”
Jack looked up at Sam. “I stopped him.” His voice was a thin whisper.
Sam put a hand on his shoulder. “Yes, you did.” Michael could see the play of different emotions crossing Sam’s face. “Thank you.” He stood and held out his hand to Jack.
Jack took it. Michael helped Sam pull Jack to his feet. Jack turned to Michael. “My research is worth something.”
Jack looked in need of some affirmation. Michael nodded. “I’d like to see it.”
Clem whistled. Michael looked in his direction. Clem pointed at Jack. “How’s the man of the hour?”
Michael glanced at Jack. Now that he was standing, he seemed to be doing better. Michael looked back to Clem. “He’s stable. You need an extra hand?”
Annie had come down off the porch and was hovering beside Clem. She grabbed Clem’s arm. “Is she going to be okay?”
Clem gently shifted Annie’s grasp and put the arm around her shoulders. “Don’t you worry now, Miss Annie. She’ll be fine.”
Cindy sat clinging to Daniel. She was mumbling something that Michael couldn’t make out. 
Daniel was holding her and rocking her gently. “It’s okay. You’re going to be all right.”
Michael glanced at Sam. “You got him?” Sam nodded and Michael moved toward the others.
Joseph came into the light and walked up to Aden, who was standing to one side, trying not to get in the way. He had a gun in his hand. “I lost him somewhere up the creek bed.”
Aden’s eyes went wide. “Joseph! What were you thinking? Why did you go out there alone?”
“Everyone else seemed busy.”
Her face went hard. “You know the problem with being a hero? Too many end up dead.”
Joseph seemed as astonished by her tone as Michael was. He heard Sam groan as he brought Jack forward. “Where have I heard that speech before?”
Clem looked up at Michael. “I think we should get her inside. I’m going to grab a few things from the rig.” He pointed to the cooler. “You want me to toss that in the fridge?”
Michael handed it to him. “Good plan.” He turned to help with Cindy.
Aden moved forward and Daniel looked up at her. “Give me a hand with Cinders?”
Aden reached out to take her arm but Cindy pulled away and clung tightly to Daniel. Sam sighed. “Jack, are your feet under you?” He let the man go and moved to help Daniel.
Annie stepped forward and pushed him aside. “Stay away from my daughter.” Her voice was low and dangerous.
Sam stepped back and raised his hands in surprised. “What did I do?”
Annie turned her back to him and put an arm around Cindy. “Come on, Honey. Let’s get you inside.” She and Daniel moved Cindy into the café.
Sam stared at their retreating backs then turned to Aden. “Was this my fault?”
Aden looked like she was having issues of her own. She just shook her head.
Michael felt his gut tighten. He went to Aden. “Hey, are you okay?” She leaned into him and he put his arms around her. “I’m here.”
He heard Clem call to Joseph. “I think Doc is preoccupied. Why don’t you come along and give me a hand.”
Sam walked toward them. “Here, Joe. Hand me the rifle. I’ll take care of it.” They walked off in different directions.
Michael felt Aden pull closer. “I don’t understand. I saw it but I still don’t understand.”
Michael closed his eyes and rocked her slowly. He’d seen it, too. And she was right. Tissue shouldn’t be able to heal that quickly. “I wish I had an answer.”
She moved and he relaxed his hold a little. Aden pulled something out of her jacket. “Maybe this will help.”
He took the papers she held out. “What is it?”
“The list of drugs that Duval was known to be using or selling. Maybe you can tell what combination might be responsible.”
Michael stared at the folded paper. Could drugs really be responsible for that? He heard the scuffle of feet. Clem and Joseph had returned with an arm load of medical gear. Michael kissed Aden on the forehead. “Why don’t you go inside? Clem is trying to do an octopus imitation and he’s failing miserably.”
Aden kissed his chin. “No. I need to go back to the office. I’m worried about Sam.”
Michael sighed. “Just like the good old days.”
She went stiff and pulled away from him. “This isn’t college. We’re not studying for classes. We’re dealing with a life-threatening situation.” She turned and walked away.
Michael shook his head. He’d blown that one. He turned to Clem. “Hey, Army. You look like you could use a couple more hands.”
“As long as they aren’t permanent attachments. Sometimes I can’t manage the two I’ve got.”
Michael grabbed a couple of the cases before they slipped out of his hands. “You look like a walking trauma ward. Why don’t you just bring the squad over?”
Clem raised an eye brow. “You know, that’s actually a very good question. I’ve gotten so used to just hauling stuff around that I don’t stop to think about it.”
Michael opened the doors and held them for Clem and Joseph. Clem held the inner door for them.
Cindy and Daniel were seated at a table by the fire. Annie bustled back from the kitchen with a blanket in her hands. Jack was seated at the corner table tucked in the alcove under the stairs.
Clem motioned to set the cases down on a table near Cindy. Joseph got out of the way so Michael could move forward. He put a hand on Michael’s shoulder. “This is more your forte than mine.” He moved to a stool by the counter.
Michael swallowed hard. He really wished people didn’t think he was an actual doctor. It put him in a dangerous and uncomfortable spot.
Clem looked up at him. “I’ll get the BP if you do pulse and respiration.”
Michael moved to Clem’s side. Cindy was still shaking. He felt the blanket. “Good call on the warm blanket.”
Annie sniffed. “I do have some common sense.” Her tone was sharp.
Michael glanced at her. What had he done to get on her list? He looked up at Cindy. “Just try to relax. Breathe normally.”
Daniel scrunched up his face. “What exactly does that mean? Breathe normally? Isn’t breathing a normal thing?”
Michael could hear the edge of hysteria in his voice. He concentrated on Cindy’s pulse. He leaned closer to Clem. “Still a little fast and light.”
Clem dug through a med box. “I was thinking of an IV and some O2.”
“Sounds like a good plan.”
Clem pulled a mask kit from the box and handed it to him. Michael was relieved there was a picture on the plastic bag to show how it should be assembled. He managed to do it while Clem prepped the IV tubing.
Cindy groaned. “I hate needles.”
Michael grinned. “Don’t we all? Try taking blood samples all day.” He didn’t mention that most of his came from rats.
Clem took Cindy’s arm. “What a pretty arm you’ve got. Let’s see of we can find a little color.” Clem moved along the wrist and up toward the bend. He looked a little concerned.
Michael noticed a rubber tourniquet in the box and grabbed it. He looked over at Clem. “May I?”
“By all means.”
Michael felt Cindy’s arms and chose the one with the strongest vessels. He applied the band. “That should bring one up for you.”
Clem smiled at him. “Thanks, Doc. You’re going to have to teach me that trick.”
“It comes of having reluctant donors.” And being the lowest tech on the totem pole. He’d gotten the prison run many times. Most convicts didn’t want their blood checked for substances.
Clem got the IV set. He pulled an oxygen tank out of a black sack and set up her air. “Now I’m just going to hang out for awhile and make sure she improves.” He looked up at Daniel. “Because if not, we’re going to do a little sightseeing in the big city tonight.”
Daniel’s face was grim. He leaned closer the Cindy and kissed her hair. “I’m sorry, Honey Girl. I shouldn’t have left you out there alone.”
She took his hand. She couldn’t answer him verbally because of the mask but her eyes spoke volumes.
Michael backed off. He patted Clem on the shoulder. “I’m going to wander over and see how Jack is doing. Holler if you need me.”
Clem nodded and Michael moved across the room. He noticed that Annie and Joseph were talking quietly at the counter. He did his best not to interrupt them.
Jack had his notebook and a collection of loose sheets spread across the table. Michael didn’t want to startle him. He tapped on the chair back next to him. “Mind if I join you?”
Jack looked up. “Not at all. Have a seat.”
He glanced over the table at the pages Jack had been working on. “So what have you got here?”
“These are some of my research notes.” He flipped through several, picked one, and handed it to Michael. “This one might interest you.”
Michael studied the symbols on the page. He gasped. “These are Greek.”
“Ya, I don’t understand them either.”
“No, I mean the symbols are from the ancient Greek language. Where did this come from?”
Jack pointed at a small line of words at the bottom of the page. “It’s from one of the books I found in the basement library of a church in downtown Portland. The priest there let me look through the books.”
Michael looked closely at the tiny letters. “Book of Vampyre. 1503. Venice.” He glanced up at Jack. “That would explain the Greek. This is very early Renaissance. There was a revival of classic Greek Literature at that time.”
“The book looked like it was all hand-written. The symbols were laid out in that pattern on the page so I thought it might be important. Maybe it’s some kind of spell.”
“What?”
“Well, vampires are dark magic. They are demons that inhabit dead human bodies. I found many books that spoke of the Priests weaving special spells to cast out the demons.”
Michael sighed deeply. “Jack, you’ve got to be able to separate the facts from the fiction. This guy may have the characteristics of a vampire but I really doubt he’s got a demon inside of him.”
Jack pulled back in his chair. His face seemed to fall. “I thought you understood.”
Michael closed his eyes. He’d have to tread gently. He looked over at Jack. “I do understand. This guy definitely has some unique similarities to mythical vampires.” He could see Jack’s face tightening. This wasn’t going well. He glanced down at the page. “Look at this.” He pointed down at the symbols. “This isn’t a spell. It’s a chemical equation.”
Jack frowned but leaned forward. “An equation?”
Michael reached into his pocket and pulled out the papers Aden had given him. The back of the sheets were blank. “Can I borrow your pencil?”
Jack passed it to him. “What does it do?”
“I’m not sure yet.” He started transcribing the symbols to duplicate the pattern on the page. By the time he finished, he had created a complicated design. He studied it for a moment then realized what he was looking at. “That’s impossible.”
“What is all that?”
Michael traced the patterns with his finger, looking at the links, trying to let it soak into his brain. “How can this be?” He looked up at Jack. “Are you sure you copied the date on this book right?”
“Yes. I’m a photojournalist, remember? I understand the importance of accurate sources.”
Michael went back to staring at the design. He couldn’t believe what he was seeing. “That means that someone in the early fifteen hundreds had found a way to describe DNA.” He pointed to the chemical symbols he’d decoded. “These are protein compounds. There are only four different units that combine in specific patterns to create the genetic code for all nuclear cells.”
“What has that got to do with vampires?”
“I haven’t a clue.”
Jack pulled out a different one and pushed it in front of him. “What about this one. I found it in an old alchemy text from the sixteen hundreds.”
Michael studied the symbols on the page. He was puzzled at first until he realized they were the Latin symbols for the elements known at the time.
Jack leaned closer. “Does it mean anything?”
“Ya.” Michael pointed to a group of them. “These are the elements that make up hemoglobin.” He looked over at Jack and noticed his mystified expression. Michael swallowed hard. “That’s blood.”
“Oh.” Jack pointed at the others. “And the rest of it?”
“I’m not sure yet.” He looked back at the page and studied the symbols again. He started making notes on the paper.
Annie startled him when she put a hand on his shoulder. “Do you want some dinner? I’ve got some stew going in the kitchen.”
Michael rubbed his eyes and glanced at his watch. It had gotten quite late. He looked around the room. Sam was sitting at a table by himself. Michael looked up at Annie. “Hasn’t Aden come in?”
Annie shook her head. “She hasn’t changed all that much. When she gets focused on something, the world could come to an end around her and she wouldn’t notice.”
He grinned. “You mean she was always like that?”
Annie patted his shoulder. “I’ll make a couple of to-go bowls for you. But I warn you now - you might have to force-feed her.” Annie went into the kitchen.
Michael looked over at Jack. He was staring at the pages. “Are you sure these aren’t spells?” He sounded disappointed.
Michael looked down at the notes he’d made. “How do you define a spell? We take a lot for granted today.” He pointed at the quaint bubble light fixture above their heads. “Do you even think twice when you flip a switch? To someone from back then, that would be considered magic.”
Jack was struggling. “So they could be spells?”
“I suppose you could think of a chemical equation as a type of spell. It has a specific set of ingredients that are combined in a set way.” He looked at some of the other things that Jack had transcribed into his notebook. “I hadn’t realized they even knew some of this back in the sixteen hundreds. It’s actually pretty impressive. I’d give anything to know how they figured it all out.”
Jack pointed at the page. “You said this was blood. What about these?”
Michael stretched to relieve the tension in his muscles. “It looks like they were trying to separate out the other elements in the blood sample from the ones they recognized. They didn’t have a concept of cells, proteins, or enzymes yet. Microscopes hadn’t been invented.” He paused for a moment. “At least I don’t think they had.” Considering the detail of the equations, he was beginning to wonder.
Jack pointed at the notes Michael had made. “What did they find?”
Michael pointed to a group of chemical symbols. “This is regular blood, the stuff all vertebrates have, and even some invertebrates.” He pointed to another group. “This looks like a protein chain. It’s not one I recognize and I wouldn’t expect to find it in a blood sample.”
Jack studied the paper but Michael could tell by his expression that it was still meaningless to him. He looked up expectantly. “Could it be the demon spore?”
Michael closed his eyes. Why was Jack so stuck on that idea? “It could be anything from a contaminated sample, to a fault with their method, to some unusual substance actually in the blood.” He thought about the pages he’d been writing on and flipped them over.
Jack leaned closer. “Those are drugs.”
“Ya. The list from a detective Aden is working with. Apparently Duval is a pretty well studied character.” Michael was glancing at the list, trying to remember all the compounds. “Wow, this dude was into some serious stuff. Dust, Ice, even Ecstasy. There’s a few here that I’m not even sure have street names. Uppers and Downers and various  party drugs.”
Jack gasped. “Party drugs?”
Michael looked up at him. Jack had a serious look on his face. “Do you know what those are?”
Jack nodded. “They’re related to a story I was working on when I got into this mess. They’re so new that they aren’t on the official no-no list yet. They fall into that void that legals absolutely hate. I was tracking a couple of leads on some prominent sellers.”
Michael shook his head. He looked back at the list. It spanned four pages. “This guy was like a walking warehouse - Drugs-R-Us.”
Jack looked through the list. “I don’t recognize some of these.”
Michael looked at the ones he was pointing at. “Most of those drugs are trial-and-error types. They’re created by accident while back-room chemists are experimenting with what’s on hand.”
Michael could tell he’d moved into an area Jack was unfamiliar with. “Let’s just say that drug companies are struggling to get funding to test the legal stuff and fighting against radicals at the same time who want to save the rats. The people who make these, they use stupid people as rats.”
Jack went pale. “That’s what was going on.” He swallowed hard and turned to a page in his notebook. “I found several places where the vampires tend to congregate in the darker corners of town. There were some junkies even they wouldn’t touch.” He pointed at a picture taped to a page. It showed several people leaning against a wall. They looked dead.
Michael shuddered. He’d seen more than enough of that. He looked away from the picture and noticed the tiny bottle. “Jack. Can I take another look at that now that we have some light?”
Jack handed him the bottle. “It was hard to come by. It took me awhile to find a priest who actually knew how to make the real stuff. It’s a very guarded secret.”
Michael opened it and carefully used his finger to pull some air across the opening toward his nose. He detected a faint metallic odor. That puzzled him. He looked down into the bottle. The residue had a strange streaked silvery sheer. “You said you got it from a priest?”
“Yes. He serves at the church in downtown Portland. His name is Father Gunther.”
A shadow fell over the table and Michael looked up. Daniel was standing behind him. “Is that the stuff that messed him up so bad?”
Jack looked down. “It’s gone. I don’t have any more.”
Michael watched the remaining drops roll around in the bottom of the bottle. “Let me check the supplies Clem gave me. I might be able to make some more.”
Daniel laughed. “What? Are you a priest, too?”
Michael capped the bottle and stayed focused on Jack. “Can I hang on to this?”
Jack looked awed. “Do you really think you can make more?”
Michael had noticed an equation on one of Jack’s pages. He pulled the paper from the rest of the stack. The element was there. “Maybe.” He started copying the equation.
Daniel sighed. “I don’t get it. I saw Aden hit him and I swear the hole closed almost immediately.”
Jack looked defiantly at Michael. “That’s because the Beast is a demon. They are very hard to destroy. They can jump into others by implanting their spores.”
“That sounds a little freaky.” Daniel grabbed a nearby chair, turned it around, and straddled it. “You keep talking about spores. It reminds me of mushrooms. Even that crazy passage I found in your book talked about spores.”
Michael pointed at the notebook. “In there?”
Jack opened to the page. "The demon bites its prey, pulling from it a ransom of life blood, and injecting its demonic spore within its new host, thus forcing out the withering soul." He looked at Michael. “This explains how the demons increase their numbers. They don’t eat everything. They take enough blood to weaken the soul of the new host then inject their spores inside. The old soul is consumed by the demon.”
Michael was trying to translate that concept in the terms of modern medicine. “Demon?”
“Demons can live forever by consuming the souls of others. That’s why they have to feed, to keep their host body repaired.” Jack leaned closer. “The Beast was injured tonight. It will have to feed.” 
Jack’s quiet voice made Michael shudder. The chill felt like cold fingers wrapping around his heart. He hoped everyone had taken Sam and Aden’s warning seriously.
Daniel was rocking in his chair. He couldn’t hold his laughter. “I’m sorry. That just sounds like some bad movie scene.”
Michael glanced over at the page to read the reference note at the bottom. “This was written in the 1500’s. People didn’t understand science the way we do today.”
Daniel struggled for control. “Right. And this thing just keeps dropping its soul into new victims as it goes along? I’ve seen that movie.”
Michael looked over at Daniel. “Some cultures believe in reincarnation, that when a person dies, their soul just moves on to a new body. This sounds similar to that.”
Daniel scrunched up his face. “Would that be considered premeditated reincarnation?”
Sam laughed. “There’s one you won’t find on the books.”
Daniel gave up trying to contain his laughter. “That’s a good one, dad.”
Joseph came over and put a hand on Daniel’s shoulder. “You’re not paying attention.” He looked at Michael. “I’ve been listening to what you’re actually saying. If I understand you correctly, some of what Jack has there could be useful.”
Jack brightened a little. “I spent a lot of time talking to Father Gunther. It took him a while to trust me enough to show me some of the ancient texts.” He put a hand on his notebook. “I didn’t know what all of it meant and I didn’t understand some of the things the Father was saying.”
Joseph pulled another chair to the table. “You’re very religious, aren’t you.”
“I have to admit, it had been a long time since my last confession.” His face flushed slightly. “My mother had always been very strict about that. Every Sunday morning and Wednesday for vespers in the evening.”
Michael closed his eyes. Poor guy. He remembered being dragged to church when he was a little kid. Fortunately, after his stepfather died, his mother had given up the practice and spared them from anymore torture. “She was very pious?” He hoped that was the right word.
Jack nodded emphatically. “She believed in everything. She understood the dangers of demons.” Jack looked down. “I didn’t used to believe her. I thought it was all just stories. Until the Beast ate Renee.” His voice broke and he buried his face in a napkin.
Joseph put a hand on Jack’s arm. “It’s all right to cry, Jack. It helps release the sand.”
Michael was grateful when Annie returned. Joseph and Daniel got out of her way. Michael and Jack quickly pulled their papers aside.
Annie set a steaming bowl down in front of Jack and a small basket next to Michael. She patted the handle. “There’s enough stew for both of you and some fresh baked bread. You make sure she eats.” She looked over at Jack. “And there’s plenty still in the pot so you let me know if you need more.” She looked at Daniel and Joseph. “I’ve put your dinners down on the table. Why don’t you two go eat while it’s hot?”
Michael refolded the pages and stuffed them back in his pocket. He got up and looked at Jack. “Thanks for letting me see this. It might help me figure out what we’re dealing with.”
Jack picked up his spoon. “Demons are really tricky. Just be careful you don’t touch their blood. I read in one of the books that demon spore can actually get you, just from touching the blood.”
Michael was too tired to argue with him. “I’ll keep that in mind. Good night, Jack.” He picked up the basket and started for the door.
Sam looked up as he passed. “Hey, Doc?” His voice was very quiet.
Michael paused at the table. “What can I do for you, Sheriff?”
Sam pointed at Cindy. “Is she going to be okay?”
Michael could see the depth of concern on Sam’s face. He looked at Cindy. Clem had removed the IV and face mask. He put a hand on Sam’s shoulder. “Looks like she’s doing much better. Don’t worry.”
Sam looked down at his stew. “I tried to find him today and I couldn’t. Now Cindy.” He covered his face with his hands.
“I’ll do everything I can to help you.” He looked back at Jack and thought about the list he had tucked in his pocket. “The crazy thing is, as kooky as Jack’s ideas are, if you update them to our century, they may not be far off.”
Sam looked up at him. “So you really believe it’s a vampire?”
Michael studied his tired face. “I guess that depends on your definition. What they called a vampire back in the sixteen hundreds, we might call a criminally insane murderer today.” He patted Sam’s shoulder. “I need to go do an extraction.”
Sam frowned. “That sounds painful.”
“That depends on how deeply she’s embedded with whatever she’s working on.”
Michael walked across the street to the sheriff office. He was conscious of every shadow that moved. He couldn’t stop thinking about Jack’s warning. He knocked on the door as he opened it. Aden looked up. Michael grinned. “I didn’t want to startle you.”
She sighed. “I appreciate that.” She looked back at the computer screen. “I’ve been going through all the files that the various police departments have on Duval, as well as the other documents the detective from Portland sent me. Some of this is just crazy. This document is just a bunch of statistics that don’t make any sense at all.”
Michael set the basket on the desk and moved to stand behind her. He leaned forward and rested his arms lightly on her shoulders. His fingers caught the stray sections of hair that had escaped from her bun. “Statistics. I hated that class. But there’s one important thing that I got from that professor that has stuck with me all these years.”
She turned her head to look up at him. “What’s that?”
“Statistics are just numbers. It’s the way we feel about them that give them meaning.” He pointed to the numbers on the screen. “What does a probability of recurrence really mean? The number itself is nothing. One person can look at that number and dismiss it entirely while another person with a different perspective will think it’s the most important thing in the world.”
“Like the probability that Duval is a real vampire?”
Michael didn’t want to try to explain all of that right now. “Probability. There’s another one. This guy is a mindless killer who has murdered who knows how many. The probability is high that he’ll kill again. It doesn’t matter what label you put on him. Statistics are just really fancy labels.”
She started to open a new page but he reached down and captured her hand. “I know your dedication. I know you want an answer to this right now. But your body needs food and then sleep, as much as mine does.”
She let go of the mouse and turned her hand to take his. “Talk about probability. What are the odds that Diana would have decided to plan her little get-together, send me the list with your number, and that a madman would attack someone so brutally that it would look like an animal attack?”
He smiled and pulled her out of the chair. “Then add in the odds of you remembering that stupid project I did way back when and actually calling me. That makes the whole thing pretty astronomical.”
She came toward him and put her head on his shoulder. He wrapped his arms around her and felt at peace for the first time in a very long while. He didn’t want to think about anything else.
Aden inhaled. “What’s that good smell?”
Michael chuckled. “Annie was worried about you. Apparently you haven’t changed much.”
“I could clear off some space on a desk.”
“Or we could take it to the house and make use of a dining room table I saw there.” He kissed her. “I need to remove you from temptation.”
She wrinkled her nose. “Fine. Just let me close out these files and turn off the computer.” Michael let her go. She shut down the system and grabbed her coat from the back of the chair.
They walked to the door and Aden reached to turn off the light. Michael grabbed her hand. “You wouldn’t happen to have a flashlight, would you?”
Aden laughed. “I thought you liked seeing the stars.”
Michael put the basket down and took her face in his hands. “Aden, you were the one who reminded me of how serious this threat is. Whatever Duval’s issue is, he doesn’t like light. We have to make use of that knowledge to keep safe.”
She swallowed hard. Her face lost expression. “I’m sorry. You’re right. Let me grab a torch.”
“A torch?”
The corners of her mouth twitched. “I’ll go grab one from the cabinet.”
He let her go. “I know were out in a remote area and all, but surely they have flashlights out here.”
She opened a cabinet and pulled out a long black object. She flipped it on and pointed it at him. He had to shield his eyes. “Ah, but a torch is so much better.” She twisted the top and pulled it down. The light was almost brighter that the overhead fluorescents.
“Wow! Now that’s cool.”
Aden turned off the office lights. Michael picked up the basket. She locked the office door. They walked arm in arm up the street together.
When they got to the house, the front door was locked. Aden sighed and pulled out the ring of keys. “I’m going to have to get used to this.” She unlocked the door and he followed her inside. She turned off the massive flashlight and locked the door.
“That’s quite a torch.”
She pointed at the label on the barrel and laughed. “Yes, it is. Daddy loved collecting gadgets.” Her laughter faded. She put it on the floor next to the door and hung her coat on a peg under a mirror behind the front door.
She took the basket and led him to the table. “I haven’t eaten at this table in a long time.”
He was puzzled by her voice. It sounded flat. She could be very hard to read sometimes. He came up behind her as she moved aside the towel to reveal the contents. He put his arms around her and kissed her neck.
Aden leaned back into him. “I thought you wanted to eat.” She turned around in his arms and slid her hands inside his coat. “I could take this off for you.”
“By all means.” He kissed her as she slid his jacket off. He heard something hit the floor and looked down.
Aden retrieved the papers. “Good grief! What are all of these equations?”
Michael unfolded the pages. “Let’s see. DNA, hemoglobin, some random proteins, and Holy Water.”
Aden blinked her eyes. “Come again?”
He took the jacket she was still holding and pulled out the bottle. “That’s what Jack claims was in this.”
Aden took it and studied the contents for a moment. She looked back at him. “You aren’t laughing.”
“No.” Michael took the bottle and turned her back to the table. “But first, I’m tired of being tortured. This has been smelling good ever since Annie put it in front of me and my stomach is telling me that if I don’t try some soon, it’s going to work its way right out of my gut and eat all by itself.”
Aden was laughing again. She finished unpacking the basket. “This does smell good.” She opened the tops of the ceramic bowls. Steam rose from them. His stomach rumbled. Aden patted it. “Okay, you just stay in there.”
Michael laughed and pulled out a chair for her. She sat down and he joined her. She handed him a roll of silverware. He unrolled it and dug out a spoon.
Aden laughed. “Don’t let Annie see you do that.” She found the fork and handed it to him. “This is stew.” She found her own fork and stabbed a tiny hot potato.
They ate in silence for a few minutes, just enjoying the delicious meal. Michael had never tasted anything so good. “I’m beginning to understand why most of the locals look so,” he struggled for the right word, “healthy. All except for Clem. That man would blow away in a breeze.”
Aden swallowed a bite. “I’d never really thought about it. Annie has always cooked for loggers. They needed the calories.” She frowned. “Sam and Joseph do look a little heavy but Daniel doesn’t look too bad.”
Michael swallowed hard. “Were the two of you an item?”
Aden looked surprised. “Me and Daniel? No. He’s always been Cindy’s guy.”
Michael wondered about the conversation he and Clem had overheard. He was afraid to press the matter.
Aden put the dishes back in the basket. “I’ll have to take these back to Annie tomorrow. That’s the deal with to-go things.” She picked up the pages and turned them over. “Were you able to make anything out of the list?”
Michael told her what the various drugs were. “I still don’t see how any of these could account for what we saw tonight.”
She picked up the bottle. “This stuff looked like it had more affect than bullets.”
Michael pondered the shiny dregs. He picked up the pages then stood up and took her hand. “Let’s see what they’re putting in holy water these days.” He led her down into the lab.
Aden perched on the stool and watched him. “Do you really think it’s Holy Water?”
“Jack does.” Michael put on a pair of gloves. He opened the bottle and used a capillary tube to capture a drop of what remained.
“Jack also thinks Duval is a vampire. How much credit can you give the man?”
 Michael released the drop into a clean Petri dish. He tilted the dish. The drop rolled around.
Aden gasped. “I’ve never seen water behave like that before.” 
“That’s because there’s something in the water.” He set it down and started looking through the chemicals in the racks. “The average person would have dismissed the claims of it being holy water and just said it was a hoax and the priest had just told Jack it was holy to get rid of him. However.” He found the bottle he’d been looking for and held it up. “I’m not average.”
“I’ll agree with that statistic.”
He grinned at her. “I could smell something when the bottle was open. It had a distinct metallic odor.” He used a metal spatula to pull some of the white powder from the container.
“What is that?”
“Copper iodide.” He grabbed a glass cover and held it ready. He turned the spatula over, dumping the powder, pulled away the spatula, and dropped the cover into place. He watched the white powder turn dark. “I thought that’s what I was seeing.”
Aden leaned over the counter and looked at it. “What’s in the water?”
“The magical chemical of mad hatters and gold miners - mercury.” He looked down at the equation he’d copied. “That’s why this caught my attention. Mercury is one of the components.” He looked at the others and whistled. “No wonder Duval didn’t like this stuff!”
“What else is in it?”
“Some serious acids and a few other dangerous compounds.” He looked at the racks. “Darn. I’m short a few things.”
Aden tried to hide a yawn. “Sorry.” She wobbled a little on the stool.
Michael stripped off his gloves and came over to her. “My Love, that probably isn’t a safe place to perch when you’re that tired. Why don’t you crawl into bed and get some sleep. I have a few things I need to finish up down here.” He looked over at the samples he’d been working on earlier. “I’ve got to take care of that one right now before it goes bad.” He kissed her and she returned his kiss.
“Come up to bed soon.” 
Her tone made him want to come that moment but the equations on the papers were driving him crazy. He had to find out what was in the blood sample. “As soon as I wrap this up.” He put his forehead against hers and looked into her eyes. “I’ve missed sleeping beside you.”
She smiled at him. “I’ve missed you, too.” She kissed him and reluctantly pulled away from his touch.
Michael watched her walk across the outer room then turned back to the bench. He grabbed the pages and went to the solution he’d prepared. “Okay, Duval. Let’s see what you’ve got going on in that blood of yours.” 
Michael lost track of time. He isolated the sample and studied it for hours. He finally backed away from the microscope. His whole body trembled. There was no doubt what he was seeing. The concept of demon spore took on a whole new meaning.
He managed to get off the stool and stagger to the door. He clung to the frame, running his fingers along the wire mesh. Was he already infected? How many others might be?
Every ounce of training screamed to make the call. CDC had to know. What was he going to tell them? The magnification wasn’t strong enough to identify the exact strain. The symptoms Duval was exhibiting certainly weren’t textbook.
He glanced toward the windows and noticed the sky was brightening. His watch confirmed that he’d been up all night, as if his body couldn’t testify to that. His thoughts drifted to Aden. His chest tightened. He raced up the stairs, through the house, and up the next stairway. He stopped at the bedroom door.
She was curled around the pillow, still dressed. She hadn’t even crawled under the covers. Fear pulled him forward. He knelt beside her and brought his hand close to her face but felt no unusual warmth beyond normal. Her breathing sounded regular. He wanted more than anything to curl up around her but his overtired body refused to relax. He couldn’t get the thought of the virus, which might be running through them at this moment, out of his mind.
He pulled the blanket over her and let her sleep. He went back down to the lab. He realized that if anyone was infected, he was the most likely candidate because of the autopsies he’d preformed. He grabbed a syringe and topped it with a needle, rolled up his sleeve, and drew a blood sample.
He placed the tube in the centrifuge and set the spin timer. He gave it the full half an hour. He had mixed up more than enough dye. He collapsed on the stool and stared at the slide on the microscope. What was he looking at? He thought back to the various plagues that had altered human history - influenza, small pox, and AIDS.
He closed his eyes and covered his face with his hands, rubbing his temples with his fingertips. How had Duval picked it up? He thought about Jack and looked across the room to where he’d left the pages he had copied. He got up and retrieved them. The unknown proteins jumped out at him. Could they be the same? Without access to the internet or his books he wasn’t sure.
Michael put the pages down and glanced at the time. What had his mother always told him about watched pots? He shook his head. He needed to get some air. 
He unlocked the back door and walked around the house. He noticed the cows in the field, on the hillside above, that Aden had pointed the day before. They were already moving out to graze. He looked down toward the café.
Joseph’s truck was still parked there and a pickup was pulled in next to it. It seemed to be the vehicle of choice in this rural area. He needed coffee.
The café seemed empty. Maybe it was just the hour. There was only one older man seated at a table. Michael didn’t recognize him. He took a seat at the counter and stared at the cup. He watched his hands turned it over as if they belonged to someone else.
Annie came out from the back and stopped in surprise. “Michael. You look like hell this morning.” 
He forced a smile but it didn’t feel right on his face. “So, where is everyone this morning? Am I just early?”
Annie wiped her hands on the towel wrapped over her apron strings. “It’s been quiet. Most folks are hiding in their homes, hoping Sam will get all this cleared up quick so they can come out again.”
Michael shuddered. It wasn’t going to be that easy. He managed to put the cup down right side up.
She came over with a steaming coffee pot. “How do you want your coffee?” She filled the cup and began reaching for the container under the counter. 
Michael put up his hand. “Black.” He swallowed hard. “Very black.”
She stared at him. “Are you okay, Honey?”
He looked down at the coffee in his cup and caught his own reflection in the dark surface. He hadn’t shaved in a couple of days and the dark stubble made his face look dirty. He closed his eyes and took a sip of the bitter liquid. “I’ll be fine.”
Annie set the pot down and leaned her elbows on the counter. “Hey, that’s my line.”
Michael sipped at the coffee, letting the brunt force of the caffeine attack his shaken nerves. “I’m sorry. I’ve had a rough night.”
He was startled when Annie reached out and touched his hand. He looked up at her. Her face was creased with concern. “Did you and Aden have a fight?” Her voice was barely a whisper.
“No.” He took another sip of coffee. “I’ve been working on the samples all night.” He was afraid to tell her. What if he was wrong? The last thing he wanted to do was scare her. “It’s just challenging to make any sense out of what I’m seeing. I’m not sure what to do.”
Annie patted his hand. “I’m sure you’ll figure it out. Aden has a lot of faith in you.” She picked up the coffee pot and moved toward the other man seated at the table.
He put the cup down so his shaking hands wouldn’t spill the coffee. This was way out of his league. He really did need to put in a call to CDC. But what was he going to say? There’s a vampire infected with an unknown virus eating people in a small Oregon town? They’d think he was nuts!
Someone took a seat next to Michael. “You look like you’re having a rough morning.”
Michael relaxed at the gentle tone of Joseph’s voice. He studied the coffee in his cup. “Is it that obvious?”
Annie came back with the coffee and Joseph turned over his cup.
Annie filled it. “Morning, Joe. I’ll have your breakfast up in a moment.” She disappeared through the service doors.
Joseph put a hand on Michael’s arm and Michael jumped. Joseph chuckled softly. “You look like you’ve been up all night.”
Michael drained the cup. “I’m just trying to decide what to do.”
“Ah, you’re at a decision point. You have to make a choice.”
That was an understatement. But what were the options? He looked over at Joseph. “Have you ever had to make a really tough one?”
Joseph nodded. “I used to be a computer programmer. It was a good job. Paid a considerable sum of money. Then my mom needed help.”
“Wasn’t there other family?”
“My brother and his wife were going through some tough times. They couldn’t stay and mom didn’t want to leave.” He unrolled a napkin and found the silverware. “I could have insisted that she come live with me but she had been here in Sweetvale her entire life. So I chose to leave my job and came here to be with her.”
Michael studied the wood grain of the counter. Could he walk away from Aden? His stomach tightened. What were they dealing with? He tried to block the thoughts out of his mind. “How do you make a choice if you don’t have all the details?”
“I used to write some very complex computer code but it all came down to basic choices. Yes or no. On or off.”
Michael sighed. “I wish it were that easy.”
Joseph tapped on the counter. “The most important thing is to consciously make a choice. Some people don’t want to make choices but they are really making choices, even if they don’t realize it.”
Michael struggled to follow the logic of what Joseph had said. “You lost me.”
Joseph picked up the silverware. “Let’s say I offer you a choice of which piece of silverware you want to use to eat with. But you decide not to make a choice. But that’s still a choice. It means I have the power to control which piece I give you. I can control the way you eat. You have given up your choice. If I give you a knife and you’re eating soup, it won’t work very well. So you blame me for you not being able to eat.”
Michael looked at the silverware in Joseph’s hand. “Why would you give me a knife if I’ve ordered soup?”
“I might not know what you’ve ordered. The point is, when a person chooses not to choose, he doesn’t feel responsible when things go wrong. He can blame someone else instead of taking responsibility himself.”
“But how do I make a choice?”
“By paying attention.” Joseph put the silverware down. “When you pay attention, you know what you need. If you order soup, you know you’re going to need a spoon.”
Annie came out of the kitchen and put a plate of food in front of Joseph. She turned to Michael. “Do you want some breakfast?”
Michael thought about it. Aden would need to eat, too. “No. I’ll eat with Aden.” He looked back at Joseph. 
Joseph smiled and picked up a fork. “As for me? I choose to eat my food hot.” He winked at Michael, and dug in.
 “Thanks, Joseph.” He finished his coffee and waved to Annie as he left. He paused on the porch and noticed his car. He felt in his pocket. The keys were there. He walked over to it, unlocked it, and got in. As he started the engine, a thought struck him. He could just drive out of town right now and not look back.
His chest tightened. But what about Aden? He couldn’t leave. Not now. He’d rather die here than live without her again.
He backed the car up and drove it up the street to the house. He pulled into the driveway and shut off the engine.
Michael got out of the car and looked around. Everything seemed so peaceful and serene. It was hard to believe that somewhere out there was a deadly killer infected with an unknown virus. It just didn’t fit the picture.
Michael pulled his bag from the back. He noticed the guitar. Why not? It used to help him back during his college days. How many study sheets had he turned into songs to make them easier to remember?
He took both inside. He left the guitar in the dining room and went upstairs. She was just beginning to stir. He left the bag next to the bedroom door, pulled out the shaving kit, and went into the bathroom. He needed a fresh outlook.
* * *

Aden woke confused. She was still dressed. She didn’t remember falling asleep. She rolled out of bed and walked down the hall. She found Michael in the bathroom. He was just cleaning up the missed spots of shaving cream with a razor. Aden came in behind him and put her arms around his waist. “You’re up early. I didn’t even feel you come to bed.”
Michael wiped his face with a towel and pivoted around in her embrace. He wrapped his arms around her shoulders. “I never actually made it there to sleep. I just tucked you in.”
She brushed her fingers across his face. “That explains the dark circles under your eyes.”
He kissed her fingers as they passed then hugged her tightly. “Aden. I have to show you something.”
She pulled back and looked up at him. “What’s wrong?”
“Just come and see this.” He pulled her gently toward the stairs. She followed him down to the lab. “I was able to process a sample of Duval’s blood.” He led her to the microscope. “Have a look.”
She peered into it for a moment, not really knowing what she was supposed to see. “Looks like a lot of little kaleidoscopes attached to each other.” She stood up and looked at him. “Okay, Sherlock. What am I looking at?”
His face looked pale. He leaned forward and put his forehead against hers. “It’s a virus.”
Aden could feel him trembling. She looked up into his eyes. “How bad?”
Michael swallowed hard. “I don’t know. This is a good microscope but not that good. It doesn’t have enough magnification for me to identify the actual strain. All I can tell is that it appears to be a pretty big encapsulated one. That means it’s complex.”
Aden tried to think through what he was saying. Her mouth went dry. “Are we infected?”
“I don’t know yet.” Michael let her go and moved to the centrifuge. He removed the tiny tube and brought it back to the area by the microscope. 
Aden watched him move some of the material inside to a glass slide. He mixed it with a colored liquid.
Michael swapped out the slides. “This may give us a better idea.” He looked into the eye pieces.
Aden put her arms around his waist and laid her head against his back. “Promise me you’ll tell me, no matter how bad it is.”
Michael was quiet for a few minutes. He finally relaxed and leaned into her. She felt his chest expanding and contracting.
Michael turned to her. “Come here, Baby.” He held her. Aden could hear his heart beating. He sighed. “There’s nothing there.” 
She clung to him. She felt the wetness on her cheeks. Aden hadn’t realized she was crying.
Michael pulled her face gently upward and brushed them away.
Aden looked into his eyes. “What if it takes time to show up?”
He shook his head. “I had contact with the first victim three days ago. If I’d been infected, it would show by now.”
She tried to remember to breathe. “Could this be what’s causing Duval’s unusual abilities?”
“I think it’s a good possibility.”
She could see something in his face. He wasn’t telling her everything. “Michael?”
He closed his eyes. “Before you get all worked up, hear me out.” He took her hand and pulled her gently to the workbench. She noticed the notes he’d made on the back of the drug lists. He pulled one of the pages out and pointed to a group of chemical symbols. “This is blood.” He moved his finger across the page to a different group. “I think this might be the virus. I can’t tell without better equipment.”
Aden picked up the sheet. “I don’t think they covered this in biology 101.” She looked up at him. “Where did this come from?”
He put his finger to her lips. “Jack’s notebook.”
Aden gasped. “What?”
“Please, Aden. I know what you think about Jack and his ideas but let me explain.”
She sighed. “Don’t tell me he has you convinced Duval is a vampire.” He gave her that look. She knew what it meant. “All right. I’ll listen.”
Michael took the sheet and placed it next to the others. “The people who wrote these equations were writing in Greek and Latin.”
Aden frowned. “Isn’t that a little archaic?”
“Not for people in the 1500’s and 1600’s. Those were the languages of science. I don’t even know how they figured it out. If it hadn’t been for Marty, I wouldn’t have recognized the symbols.”
There was a name she hadn’t heard in a long time. “Smarty Marty? Your first year roommate geek who was always lost in some fantasy dungeon?”
He looked at her and grinned. “Ya, the Dragon Slayer, himself. He had this fascination with old runes and languages for his games. He got this book from an old bookshop and was trying to figure it out. He asked me for help with the Greek and Latin passages. But it was full of all these symbols for chemicals.”
Aden laughed. “I remember. He painted them all over the walls of the dorm room. Remember how much trouble he was in? The custodian accused him of satanic worship.”
“I know. I helped him repaint the walls.” Michael shook his head. “Anyway, Jack has a whole bunch of things that he copied into his notebook because he thought they were spells.”
Aden looked at the pages. “And you translated them.”
He pointed to one that looked like a complex spring. “This is so incredible.” He traced the shape with his finger. “Somehow, they figured out DNA.”
Aden knew what that was. “As in the genetic code?” She looked up at him. “Correct me if I’m wrong, but I thought people didn’t even know what cells were until much later.”
“That’s what we’ve always been taught.” He turned and took her in his arms. “We’re not dealing with a movie type vampire and it’s not the demon possessed kind that Jack thinks it is. This could be the real thing that those ideas are based on.”
Aden was glad his arms were around her. She leaned her head into his chest and felt safe. “We have to tell the others. Sam needs to know.”
He kissed the top of her head. “I know.”
They went upstairs. Aden actually used the railing. She couldn’t remember ever needing to do that, even when she was little. Her knees trembled.
They put on their coats. Aden grabbed the basket and the torch. Michael held out his hand. “Can I see that thing?”
“Sure.” She handed him the stick light. He played with it while they walked down the street toward the office. They walked past the window and Aden noticed movement inside. She paused. She could see a number of people but the glare off the glass made it impossible to tell who they all were. “Looks like a full house.”
Michael held the door open for her and followed her inside. “Wow. The gang’s all here.”
Daniel, Jack, and Sam were leaning over a desk with a sectional map spread out on it. Clem and Joseph peeked between. They were all looking down at the map. Everyone looked up as Aden and Michael entered.
Sam grinned. “Nice of you two to join us.”
Aden glanced at Michael before turning to the group. “We’ve got a more serious issue at hand. I think you need to hear what Michael found in Duval’s blood.”
Everyone looked at Michael. He moved forward. “I was able to analyze some of the blood sample last night. Duval is infected with a virus.”
Clem stiffened. “What kind of virus are we talking about?”
“I’m not sure yet. It’s a pretty complex one.”
Sam frowned. “A virus? Like a cold or the flu?”
Aden noticed that Clem was looking uncomfortable. He met her gaze then looked at Michael. “Could we be infected?”
“I don’t think so. At least it’s not likely. I tested my own blood. If anyone was going to get it, I would have been a prime candidate. But I’m clean.”
Sam sighed. “Well, you keep working on that, Doc. I’ll up my dose of vitamin C.”
Clem put a hand on his arm. “Sam. I don’t think you realize how serious this is.”
Sam shook him off. “That murderer went after my daughter-in-law last night. I know damn well how dangerous it is.”
Clem backed away from Sam. Aden could tell Clem was shaking. Joseph put a hand on his shoulder. “Just breathe.” He moved to Sam. “My friend, you’re not paying attention.” His voice was calm and quiet.
Sam looked at him. “To what?” Aden was worried by his tone. She remembered seeing him and her father get into an argument. It hadn’t been a good day.
Joseph stood quietly next to Sam. Sam threw up his hands. “What the hell am I supposed to do, Joe? I’ve got to find a way to get this situation under control.”
“It has to begin with you. That’s the only thing you can truly control. Find the calm within you. You can only make good choices when you are thinking clearly.”
Aden moved forward. “Please, Sam. Listen to what Joseph is saying.”
He turned to her. He looked desperate. “Not you, too.” His voice had lost the sharp edge. He trembled. Aden was worried he was going to collapse. He hid it by turning back to the map and planting both hands on the desk. “All right.” He looked at both Daniel and Jack. “Let’s have a nice calm discussion on where this killer might be hiding. Shall we?” He looked over his shoulder at Aden. “Would you care to join us, Deputy?”
He seemed to have calmed down and Aden didn’t want to upset him again. She glanced at Michael then moved up toward the table.
Jack and Daniel came back to the map. Jack looked shaken. He leaned over the map and pointed to a section. “Anyway, I was working my way up this creek bed. There are a lot of dark overhangs on it. The Beast needs a place like that to hide during the day.”
Sam pointed to an area. “Jack, are you sure this is the way you came?”
Jack leaned closer. “I’m almost sure of it.” He began tracing the forest roads in the area. “I think this is where I found it.”
He didn’t look so sure. Sam looked over at Daniel. “Is that anywhere near the area you found him yesterday?”
“He was down on 5010, coming from this direction.” He pointed to a different area. “If you don’t know the woods, it’s easy to get turned around in them.”
Jack looked disappointed. “There was a tree that looked like something split it in half.”
Joseph’s brows went up. “Because it was split in half.” He came up to the map. “Dan. Do you remember that big fir that got hit by lightening?”
Daniel looked thoughtful. “Ya. That’s up in this area.” He pointed to a place not far from where he’d found Jack.
Jack got excited. “The den is just on the other side of it!”
Daniel looked up at Sam. “A hunting we will go.”
Aden felt the tingle clawing at the base of her spine. She looked over at Michael. He and Clem had each taken a seat on the plastics chairs under the front window. Both of them had the same serious expression. She looked over at Joseph. “I don’t know if this is such a good idea. I’m a little concerned about this virus. If it’s responsible for Duval’s ability to heal, that’s going to make it hard to bring him in.”
Daniel stared at her. “Excuse me. Did I hear you right? Bring him in? If this guy has some deadly virus, that’s all the more reason to take him down right now, before he has the chance to kill anyone else or spread this virus around.”
She felt the tingle working its way up her spine. “I realize you haven’t had any law enforcement training, but Sam and I are law officers. The law requires us to bring in criminals, not go hunting for them.”
Daniel’s face went hard. “Aden, you shot a hole in that thing’s chest the size of a grapefruit. That hole closed up right there. Right in front of you. This isn’t a normal criminal! I’m not going to let some freak of nature come in here and destroy our town. I’m going to help Jack take this thing out.”
Sam looked over at Aden. “Better break out the big guns.”
Michael got up and came to the desk. “This is insane.” He looked at Jack. “You already know Duval can’t be stopped with ordinary weapons. That’s why you used holy water on it last night.”
Jack looked ready to cry. “And it’s gone.”
Daniel looked at Michael. “How you coming on that replacement, Doc?”
Aden shot Daniel a look. He glared back.
Michael kept facing Jack. “I know what’s in it. I analyzed the little that was left in the bottle last night.”
Daniel didn’t give Jack time to answer. “Great. Make us up a couple gallons. We’ll serve it to him in a silver cup.”
Jack looked confused. “Could you really make more?”
Michael closed his eyes. “If I had all the ingredients.”
Daniel tossed a note pad at him. “Why don’t you start a shopping list?”
Sam sighed. “That’s enough, Dan.” He looked at Michael. “Look, Doc. Is there anything that you can really do about this virus? I mean, is there some remedy or medication that will cure it?”
Michael glanced back at Clem then faced Sam. “I might be able to create a serum. I don’t know. I don’t know enough about what we’re dealing with. I’m not even sure how the virus is passed.”
Jack leaned hard on the desk. He looked up at Michael. His eyes were wide and his face had gone pale. “Are you sure it’s a virus? What if it’s demon spawn? The white foam!”
Aden was worried Jack was going to pass out. She looked over at Joseph. He came forward and took Jack’s arm. “Why don’t you come sit down for a moment, Jack?”
Jack nodded weakly and let Joseph lead him to a chair.
Sam looked back at Michael. “Okay, Doc. How long is it going to take you to come up with this syrup?”
Michael looked shocked. “I have no idea. I don’t even know if it’s possible. Viruses are very complicated and this one is large enough to be seen by an optical microscope. That’s pretty big as far as viruses go. That means it’s complex.”
“Well, you keep working on that and we’ll do what we can.” He turned to Aden. “We’ve already got four victims. I’d say that warrants deadly force. If we can’t take it down with regular guns, we’ll use some irregular ones.”
Aden swallowed hard. She knew what he meant. She looked toward the gun locker. “I’ll pull a couple.” She couldn’t do more than whisper. She moved toward the back wall.
Michael followed her. “What does he mean?”
Aden pulled out the keys and unlocked the cabinet. “Sam and my dad were both weapons specialists in the army.” She unlocked the chain that ran through the gun stocks. “Sam and I both have advanced training to use these.” She selected two bushmasters.
“You and Sam?” He pulled her around. She could see the concern on his face. “You’re not going out there, too, are you?”
Aden looked back at them as they worked out the final details. “I don’t agree with this idea.”
“Good.”
“But I have to go with them.”
Michael stared at her. “What? Why? Aden! You already put a hole through it. If that didn’t stop him the first time, what makes you think a bigger gun is the answer.” He turned away from her. “Give me time to figure out what’s going on.” He ran a hand through his hair and turned back to her. “You were right. There is something responsible for Duval’s actions and now we at least have an idea of what that is. If I can analyze the virus in greater detail, I might be able to come up with an antidote, or at least a way to control it so you can bring Duval in safely.”
Aden shook her head. “We’re short on time. For all we know, Duval has already taken another victim.” She reached out and touched his arm. “Michael, I know these people. I grew up here.”
He turned around and pulled her into his arms. “I just don’t want you to die here.”
Her bottom lip started trembling. She bit down to control it. “These are guns that you won’t see on the street. Serious guns. I’m talking the kind that can stop a tank. If an armored tank can be destroyed, Duval doesn’t stand a chance.”
* * *

Michael followed Aden out. Jack came back from the direction of the café. He had his pockets full of wooden stakes. Michael tapped on Aden’s shoulder. “Is he really going?”
Aden looked frustrated. “Unfortunately. Daniel thinks he’s the next best thing since sliced bread.”
“That makes me feel safe.”
She turned to him. “I’m sorry, but I have to go.” She tapped the badge on her coat. “Remember?”
Michael sighed. He grabbed her arms and pulled her close. “You just come back to me. Okay?” His voice broke. He buried his face in her hair.
She tilted her head up and her lips found his. He didn’t want to break the kiss. She finally did. “I’ll be back.”
“Before dark?”
She got an odd look on her face. “Hold that thought.” She went back inside.
Sam came around the side of his SUV and noticed him standing there. “Haven’t you got some syrup to be working on?”
Clem joined them before Michael could answer. “Heck, Sam. He’s waiting on me. I stole his lunchbox last night.”
Sam made a face between a grin and a scowl. “You’d better give it back or I’ll have to arrest you.”
“Yes, Sir. Right away.”
Michael watched Sam go back around the rig then turned to Clem. “You’re not going on this crazy hunt, are you?”
“Me? Heck no! I patch things up, not tear them apart.” He looked away. “But I do hope they get that thing.”
Michael was amazed. “Are we really down to calling Duval a thing?”
Clem turned to face him. It was probably the most serious look Michael had ever seen from him. “I’ve got four drawers of what used to be human beings, two of which I knew, and one of those was like a mother to me. I’ve seen humans do some really over the top damage to others of their own kind but I’ve never seen anything like what this Beast did. I’m sorry. I just can’t think of that thing as human.” He turned away and walked toward the fire station.
Aden came down the office steps with her arms loaded with torches. Michael knew how heavy they were. He rushed forward to help. She handed him a couple. “Here’s one for you and if you could take the other over to Annie, I’d appreciate it.” She passed the others around. She attached a ring to her belt and slipped the torch through it. “That’s better.”
Joseph came up to her. “I’ll ride with you.”
“Thanks.” She looked over at the others. “Daniel seems to have adopted Jack. I don’t think I have the patience for him right now. Let Sam put up with his silly chatter for awhile. Maybe it will change his mind.”
Joseph sighed. “Not likely. I’ve known Sam a long time. He’s stubborn.”
“You’re preaching to the choir.” She turned to Michael. “It’s time for the insane posse to saddle up.” She kissed him lightly. “I’ll see you later.”
Michael had no choice but to let her go. He felt like part of him was being ripped apart. “Please be careful.” She didn’t answer.
Joseph put a hand on Michael’s shoulder. “Don’t worry. I’ll keep an eye on her.”
“Thanks.”
Annie came running toward them from the café. Michael was worried until he realized she was carrying a basket. He went out to meet her. She was out of breath. “I made some food for everyone. Could you take this part over to Aden and Joe?”
Michael grabbed it. “Sure.” 
He turned to go. Annie called to him. “You never came back for breakfast! You make sure and stop in. I know there’s no food in the house. I cleaned the kitchen myself.”
Michael carried the food to Aden’s rig. She had her window rolled down. He passed the bundle in and looked over at Joe. “This one never ate breakfast. Make sure she eats something.”
Aden reached out and touched his face. “I see you’ve joined Annie’s worry club.”
He covered her hand with his. "Please be careful."
She pulled her hand away and put the rig in reverse. “Got to go.” 
He watched the rigs roll down the road toward the upper valley. Annie stood on the other side of the lot. “Annie? Before I forget, your basket is inside the office and Aden wanted me to give this to you.”
She smiled and took the torch. “I’ll get the basket. I think someone is waiting for you.” She pointed toward the fire station.
Michael looked across the street. Clem was leaning against the wall. He had the cooler over his shoulder. Michael felt his gut tighten. He hoped Clem wasn’t mad at him. He walked over.
Clem had his eyes closed. Michael couldn’t decide what to say. Clem sighed. “I owe you an apology.”
Michael put a hand on Clem’s shoulder. “No you don’t.”
Clem opened his eyes. They looked glassy. Michael was concerned until he realized Clem was crying. “It just gets to me sometimes.”
“I know what you mean.”
Clem handed him the cooler. “What kind of things are you short of? You make that list. I just might be able to fill it.”
Michael rolled his eyes. “That’s almost scary!” He looked down at the cooler. “I’ll make the list but first, could you let me into the morgue? I need to check on your guests.”
Clem whistled. “A doctor who makes house calls!” He grinned. “Follow the leader.” Clem went through the small door in the front of the station.
They walked through the ambulance bay and out a door into the back hallway. Michael smiled, remembering the first time he’d seem Clem come down this hallway. “So you’re letting me in on your secret passage.”
“Hey, why not? You’re an honorary member of the club.” Clem unlocked the door to the morgue. “So who do you want to visit with today?”
Michael swallowed hard. “All of them.” He unzipped the cooler and looked inside. “I just wish I’d have packed more sample bottles.”
“No worries.” Clem disappeared and came back moments later with a box. He handed it to Michael. “These little baggies are sterile. We use them for small amputated parts.”
Michael swallowed and looked down at the bags. “Great.”
Clem managed to chuckle. “This used to be a busy logging town once upon a time and a chainsaw can go through little bones before you know they’re no longer there.” 
Michael looked at the four occupied drawers. He closed his eyes, remembering what they held, and braced himself for the reality. He put the cooler and box down then went to the first drawer. He slid it out. “I’m trying to figure out the transmission vector. One way that viruses can be spread is through saliva. Duval really likes to chew his food. If there is any infected tissue, it will be around the bite marks in the shoulder. I’m guessing that’s where he pulled the blood out.”
“Sound’s like a reasonable theory.”
Michael put a pair of gloves on and unzipped the bag. Clem brought the rolling tray around. Michael reached for a scalpel on the tray then turned to the body. Something didn’t look right. “Hey, Clem. Do you have a bright light?”
“I’ve got an LED work light in the other room. I’ll go get it.”
Michael began examining the wound closer. It wasn’t possible! It almost looked as though part of the wound had begun to heal. He poked at it with the point of the knife, thinking that it might be residual swelling from early decomposition. The flesh was solid.
Clem returned with the light. “Where do you need it?”
“Shine it here, where I’m working.” Michael studied the area around the wound. “This just can’t be possible.”
Clem leaned closer. “What is it?”
“This tissue has closed.” He sliced open what looked like newly healed skin. The tissue was pink in the bright white light.
Clem gasped. “I’ve heard that people’s noses and nails kept growing after death but that’s pretty odd.”
“They actually don’t.” Michael sliced off a few thin strips and dropped them into a baggie. “That’s a myth. It just looks that way because the skin shrinks as it dries.” He looked at a different area where the skin had been shredded by Duval’s fingernails. “That looks normal.” He took a few slivers for comparison and put them in a different baggie.
Michael rezipped the bag and Clem shut the drawer. Clem pointed at the next one down. “How about the kid that we brought in yesterday?”
“Let’s take a look.”
Clem pulled out the drawer to reveal the black bag. 
Michael unzipped it. He looked inside. He had already moved into clinical mode so it didn’t bother him as much. He changed gloves and began looking at the wounds. He moved the neck around to find the shoulder wound and paused. “Clem. Shine the light on this, please.”
Clem moved the light to shine directly on the bite mark. “That looks like fresh skin.” He looked up at Michael. “What the hell is going on?”
Clem helped him take the samples from the other two victims. Each one showed the same pattern. Michael was beginning to worry. He couldn’t stop thinking about Jack’s belief that they were dealing with a demon possessed vampire.
When he was done, he carefully labeled all the baggies and put them in the cooler. Then he stripped off his gloves and scrubbed up. He noticed Clem was looking a little pale. “Why don’t we step out and get some air?”
“Good plan.” Clem led him back down the hallway. “Since you’re a member now, I can show you the secret club room.” He opened a door at the end of the hall and held it open for Michael. It looked like a conference room of some kind. There was a long table surrounded by chairs in the center of the room and cabinets lined the walls. “Have a seat.”
Clem went to one of the cabinets and opened it. He pulled out a bottle and a couple of glasses. Michael realized what he was doing. “None for me, thanks, unless you have water on tap.”
Clem chuckled. “Ah, you go for the hard stuff.” He opened a different cabinet and pulled out a jug. “I’m sure it’s a good year.” He plunked it down on the table in front of Michael and set the glasses down.
Michael undid the safety seal on the water jug and poured a glass. He watched Clem fill his with scotch. Considering what they just found, he didn’t begrudge the man a drink. His stomach grumbled at just the water. He really did need to eat soon.
Clem sat down next to him and took a drink. He leaned back in the chair. “There’s something I don’t understand. You claim to be just a lowly bio-tech yet you obviously know a lot more about what’s going on here than I do.”
Michael squeezed his eyes shut. Did he really want to talk about it? He hadn’t had a nightmare in a long time. “It has to do with what I did before I went to work at the lab.”
“That bad?”
Michael sighed. “Understatement of the year.” He leaned his head back and stared at the white ceiling tiles. “After I graduated from pre-med, I needed a job and I was willing to do just about anything. I went into the career office and found one that I was qualified for and it had this deal that if you worked for them, they’d help pay off your student loans.”
Clem whistled. “It’s got to be bad if they offer that carrot.”
“It turned out to be a super-fund site clean-up crew of the special kind. Our first really big gig was a private lab where some feds had gone in to investigate an issue and died, along with 7 employees. Our team was sent in to find out why.”
“Wow! That’s even more crazy than ducking bombs to pull guys out of trenches.”
Michael looked over at Clem. “Is that what you did?”
Clem studied the ground. “In the army, you do what they tell you to do.”
“This would have been right up there. I had no idea what I was getting into. The head doctor ordered us grunts into white suits and sent us into a sealed lab to collect samples from the stiffs. There were five of us.” Michael took a drink of water. “I’m about half way through my second draw when one of my pals screams.”
Clem swore. “That’s never a good thing.”
“I turn to see what’s going on and the guy beside him has something squirming in his hands. Then he freaks out and throws it across the room. It’s a lab rat!”
“Oh, let me guess. It bit them.”
Michael nodded. “Right through their suits. This critter is just plain nuts. It’s running around, knocking stuff over. The other two guys get it cornered and try to catch it. The one guy slips and falls and the rat jumps on the other guy and bites him. But this rat is just hanging on like he’s trying to gnaw the guy’s arm off.”
“That’s one messed up rodent.”
“I found a cage and slipped it under the rat and closed the door on its nose. It let him go. But now we had a serious problem.”
“You had three guys who got bit by a rat with who knows what.”
“And we were in a sealed room that had eleven dead bodies who had died of an unknown pathogen.”
“Holy smokes!” Clem sat up. “What the heck did you do?”
“The rest of the team had suited up by now and once the rat was contained, they came in and started trying to help the bite victims. The head doctor tells me to test the rat but I notice that the guy who had fallen is developing the same symptoms and he hadn’t been bitten. I noticed his suit had been ruptured. So I hand the rat to someone else and I start pulling samples from the air. It turns out that there was a loose strain of anthrax in the room. I was able to create an antidote and got it into the guys in time.”
Clem slapped the table. “You must have gotten a fat promotion for that one.”
Michael managed a grin. “No, I got fired.”
“What?”
“The head team doctor accused me of insubordination because I didn’t do what he’d told me to do.”
Clem drained his glass. “You’ve got to be kidding!”
Michael sighed. “It took me a couple of years to find another job. One of the guys I saved had a brother who was one of the high ups at the lab I had recently been working at. He got me in.”
Clem fell back against the wall. “And now you’re stuck here with this little piece of insanity.”
Michael looked at the cooler. “I really need to get these samples back to the lab.”
“What are you going to do with them?”
Michael stood up. “I’ve got a hunch.” He noticed Clem start to reach for the bottle. “Hey, Army. Want to see what vampire virus looks like?”
Clem looked up at him. He sighed. “Why not.” He got up and put the bottle away. Michael handed him the water jug but Clem shook his head. “You go ahead and keep it. I can’t put it back in the cupboard once the tab has been pulled.”
They went over to the house and Michael led the way down to the lab. “This room is working out great. I’ve got plenty of counter space.”
Clem plucked the wire mesh wall. “I had forgotten about this place. Al used to pack rounds down here before they built the new sheriff’s office.”
Michael set the cooler down on the bench. “What happened to the old one? Did some bad guys blow it up in an escape attempt?”
“Naw. It got stolen.”
Michael looked up to see if Clem was serious. “For real?”
“Yup. It was on wheels. When the logging companies pulled out, they took the sheriff’s office and store away with them.”
“Wow! That’s overkill.” He opened the cooler and removed the samples. “The fire station looks pretty new. Did they haul the old one away, too?”
“Nope. It burned down.”
Michael doubled over with laughter. When he finally managed to straighten up, he came over to the microscope and put the first slide back on the platform. “Let me get this focused in for you so you can get a look at this little monster.” Michael looked into the oculars to adjust the focal length. He gasped. “That can’t be possible.” He staggered back away from the microscope.
Clem jumped up and caught him. “Whoa there, Doc. What’s wrong?”
Michael was speechless. He clung to the side of the counter.
Clem moved forward and looked in the microscope. “I thought you said this was a little monster? This thing looks massive.”
Michael stumbled to Clem’s side. “It wasn’t that big a few hours ago.”
Clem looked at him. “You mean it grew on the slide?” Clem backed away from it. “What did you feed it?”
“I didn’t. The dye should have killed it.”
“Dead things usually don’t grow.”
“I know.” He looked toward the baggies on the counter. “I need to rig some containment units.” He looked at the stack of boxes in the outer room. “Got any duct tape?”
“Yup.” Clem started to move toward the door. His radio crackled to life. Aden called for him. He glanced at Michael and answered.
“Well, you can breathe a little easier.”
Clem relaxed. “You got him?”
“No. He wasn’t home. I just thought you’d be relieved to know we’re all in one piece.”
“Oh, we are. Really.”
There was a pause. “Clem, is everything okay?”
Clem looked down at the microscope. Michael reached for his arm. “Clem. Don’t scare them. We don’t know what’s going on yet.”
Clem nodded. “We’re all fine here. We’ll let Annie know. I’m sure she’ll be relieved.” He signed off.
They helped each other up the stairs and out of the house. Michael began to feel a little better as they walked down the street in the warm afternoon sunshine.
As they neared the gas station, a young man in dark blue overalls came running out to meet them. “Hey, Clem. There you are. Old Henry is looking for you.”
Clem looked toward the shop. “Thanks, Jim Boy. Oh, Michael, this is Jimmy Becker. He helps out at the gas station. We have to have an attendant there all the time. Oregon state law and all that.”
“Hey, Jimmy. Nice to meet you.” Michael remembered Aden mentioning him and his grandmother when she’d done rounds the other night. “How’s your grandma doing?”
Jimmy shrugged. “Granny’s about the same. Still looking everywhere for Grandpa Aaron.”
Clem shook his head. “Emma is actually Jimmy’s great gran, but who’s counting.” He turned to Michael. “Why don’t you go on ahead? You need some food, anyway. I’ll join you in a few.”
Michael hurried over to the café. It was almost deserted. Annie was wiping down the front counter. Cindy and Maggie were sitting together by the fireplace. He didn’t want to disturb them. He moved to the counter.
Annie looked up as he approached. “It’s about time you came to eat. I was beginning to wonder if I needed to bring you something.” She tucked her towel in her apron strings. “I’ve got some sandwiches in the back. I can heat one up for you.” She started to turn.
Michael was concerned by the tone of her voice. “Annie?” She stopped. He noticed her hands were shaking. “I actually came over to let you know that they’re okay. Clem got a call from Aden. They’re safe.”
She turned and smiled slightly. “Oh, I already knew that.” She picked up a box from under the counter. 
Michael looked at the electronic device. A small row of little red lights moved across the front in a repetitive pattern. It reminded him of something out of a science fiction movie. “What is that?”
She chuckled dryly. “My secret weapon.” She put it back under the counter. “It’s a scanner. I can listen to all the local radio chatter. How else do you think I know when to start dinner?” She went to the kitchen.
Michael glanced over at the women. He noticed that Maggie had a small med kit laid out on the table. She must be checking Cindy over after her ordeal the previous evening. Cindy didn’t look well.
He heard Annie return and turned back. She set a plate with a steaming sandwich in front of him. His stomach rumbled. “You better eat that sandwich before your stomach crawls out and gets a head start.” She pulled out her towel again.
Michael didn’t need a second invitation. He started eating. He heard Maggie telling Cindy she needed more rest. No doubt. He noticed Annie was watching them. Her face was a sea of worry. He reached out and caught her hand. “Hey, are you okay?”
Annie tried to smile. “I’ll be all right. I’m just worried about Cindy.” She went back to rubbing the counter. “Mags came over to check on her.” Her voice trailed off.
Michael tried to figure out what to say. “That was probably a wise thing to do.”
Annie’s hands were trembling. She touched his cup but didn’t look up. “Do you want some coffee? I can make a fresh pot.” She didn’t wait for his reply. She fled into the kitchen.
Michael felt his gut tighten. Something was definitely up. He let his fingers play along the raised design on the plate. He glanced off to the side, trying not to be obvious, and concentrated on the conversation the women were having.
Cindy was leaning forward, gripping Maggie’s hand. “If I tell Daniel, he might leave me.” Her voice rang with worry.
Maggie took both of Cindy’s hands in her own. “Cinders. It’s only fair to Daniel that you tell him the truth.”
Cindy’s face trembled. “But will he still love me? I’m not sure he does now, especially since Aden came back.”
Maggie glanced in his direction and he turned away. “Aden is with Michael.”
“That doesn’t seem to matter to Daniel. He keeps watching her. He’s always loved her.” Cindy’s voice broke.
Michael’s insides had gone cold. He thought about what she’d said the night before. Daniel loved Aden? He was confused. Michael jumped when Annie touched his hand.
She leaned close. “Are you okay?”
He swallowed hard and looked at the coffee she’d just poured. Maybe black right now was a good idea. He jumped again as a roll of duct tape landed next to the cup. He turned to see Clem grinning at him.
Clem’s expression abruptly changed. “Doc? Are you breathing?”
Michael pulled in air. “I think so.” He reached to pick up the tape. His hand was shaking.
Clem turned over the next empty cup. “I wouldn’t mind some of that, Miss Annie.”
She smiled at him. “You always seem to know when I have a fresh pot.”
Clem raised his cup to her. “It’s all in the nose.” She walked away and Clem turned to look at him. “So what’s up, Doc?” His voice had been quiet.
Michael realized the women had stopped talking. He didn’t want to say anything in front of them. “Have you heard any more from the woodland warriors?”
Clem took a seat on the stool next to him. “Not in the past twenty minutes.”
Had it only been that long? “I just hope they don’t run into trouble out there.”
“Trouble? What kind?”
Michael remembered to breathe. Clem clicked his tongue. “Cindy, dear. They’re fine. They just did a radio check a little bit ago. Don’t go worrying yourself. They’ve got four radios between the five of them. They aren’t shy. They’ll holler if they run into anything.”
Maggie came up and took Cindy’s arm. “Why don’t I help you upstairs? You should lay down for a bit.” She smiled at Clem. “Thanks.”
Michael saw the flush come to his cheeks as Maggie walked away. He heard the upstairs door close. Michael turned to Clem. “She’s cute. Why don’t you ask her out?”
Clem’s hand froze half way to his cup. He trembled but managed a weak laugh. “I wouldn’t want to jinx her.” He finished his coffee. “I need to go work on Old Henry’s truck again. This time it’s the water pump.” He looked at Michael. “I swear, that man’s going to have a brand new truck, one piece at a time, when I’m finished with it.” He pointed at the duct tape. “Will that do the trick?”
Michael picked up the roll. “I’ve got a date with a cardboard box, rubber gloves, and saran wrap.”
Clem’s eyes went wide. “Don’t introduce me.”
* * *

Aden studied the ground where Daniel was kneeling. The others were spread around the open area where several trails intersected. She could see multiple sets of tracks. “He’s used this area on different occasions.”
Daniel stood up and looked down the trail. “We’re not far from Mule Creek. He’s probably using this as a connection between there and Cat Creek.” He looked toward the others. Daniel chuckled. “Jack just can’t seem to get the hang of tracking. That’s why I passed him off to Joe. He’s got more patience than I do.”
“That hasn’t changed, huh?”
He looked at her with one of his sideways grins. “There’s a lot of things that haven’t changed.”
Aden swallowed hard. She definitely need to redirect that thought. “How was Cindy last night? Was she able to get any sleep?”
Daniel pulled a salal leave off and began rolling it in his fingers. He looked away. Aden could see the different emotions playing across his face.
Sam called them to gather. She was relieved and moved to join the others. Sam waited for Daniel to catch up. He looked at his watch. “It’s getting late. Time to start back for the rigs.” He looked at the surrounding forest. “We’ve already got shadows. Let’s not take any chances.” He looked at Aden. “I’ll take point. You bring up the rear.”
Aden nodded. She checked the safety on the gun and waited for the others to start down the trail. Daniel hung back. She looked at him. “You do remember the definition of rear. That means I’m the last in line. Get going, will you?”
He nodded but fell into step beside her. “There are other critters out here, you know. Talking tends to keep them from taking too much interest.”
Aden remembered. They’d learned to talk as they walked after accidentally startling a sow with her cubs while walking quietly down a trail one day. “So what’s the topic? It’s not like we have any tests to study for.”
Daniel chuckled. “That was a good way to study for quizzes, wasn’t it?” He sighed. “Those were the good old days.” He looked around. “So how did you and Michael meet?”
Aden turned her attention to the growing shadows around them. The torch swung along side her hip. Instead of being annoying, it was reassuring. “We were in the same birthday club.”
“Huh?”
Aden thought about Diana’s planned reunion. Her mental memory box seeped a group of pleasant memories. “The college we attended had a deal where you got a special coupon on your birthday to attend a free dinner with others who had birthdays in the same month.”
“So Doc’s birthday is in May, too, huh? I’ll make sure and note that on the calendar.” He was quiet for a moment as he scanned a section of forest. “Did you live together?”
The question threw her off balance. She tripped. 
Daniel caught her. “You got to watch out for those little Ent toes. They tickle back if you step on them.”
Aden had to laugh. She remembered how much fun the five of them had pretending they were hobbits. “Do you remember that big old stump Cindy, Maggie, and I used to play in?”
Daniel struggled to control his face. “I seemed to recall Kevin and Maggie played a different kind of house in it.”
Aden felt the warmth rise to her cheeks. “I didn’t mean to walk in on them.”
Daniel couldn’t contain his laughter anymore.
Jack was some distance ahead of them on the trail. He looked back at them. “What is so funny?”
“Nothing.” Her and Daniel’s unison made it even funnier.
He put his arm around her shoulders. “So how long did you and Doc play house? Or was it doctor?”
Aden felt the good feelings disappear. She stopped unexpectedly. His step carried him past her. “The trail is getting narrow. Stay ahead of me, okay?”
Daniel hung his head but walked forward. “So how long?”
Aden swallowed hard. “Two years.”
“And then he left you?”
Aden forced herself to focus on the dark spaces between the trees. “I took an internship in Chicago.”
Daniel paused and brought his rifle up. He was scanning off to their left. “You never got back together?”
Aden followed his point of focus. She thought she saw motion. She whistled. Sam’s reply seemed too far ahead. She pushed on Daniel’s back. “We need to tighten ranks.”
He started moving forward. “So how long ago was that?” His voice had dropped to a whisper.
“About eighteen years.” She pulled the torch from its ring and held it next to the barrel of her gun. The strong magnets clicked it into place. She readjusted her balance to accommodate the extra weight. “How long have you and Cindy been married?”
Daniel had pulled his torch out as well and followed her example. “About 16 years.”
Aden saw the movement again and tried to follow it through the forest. She heard Sam prime his gun. Was that really a wise call in this setting? “And now you have a baby on the way.”
Daniel started tracking something moving in the trees. “So I’m told.”
“You should be happy.” Aden glanced to the other side of the trail as her peripheral vision caught movement. She swung around, keeping her back to Daniel and focused on the other side.
Daniel leaned his back into her. “I suppose I should.” He clicked on his torch and swore.
Aden heard Sam call out. “Drop and cover!” She felt Daniel crouch. She swung around their flank.
Daniel swore again. “It keeps moving through the trees. I can’t keep it in my light!”
Aden glanced forward toward Sam and noticed Jack was still standing. “Joe! Pull that idiot down before he gets his head blown off.”
Joseph grabbed Jack’s coat and yanked him to his knees. She could hear him giving the shaken man a quick lecture on terminology.
“Sam. What side are you swinging?”
“On the right to our two o’clock.”
She looked to see where Daniel’s beam was tracking. “I’ll take the left at our eleven.” She swung back around and clicked on her own torch to add to Daniel’s.
Daniel chuckled. “Be careful you don’t end up on your ass, Big A. That thing has a serious kick.”
Aden caught the streak of brown as it slipped between two trees. “And how would you know?”
“Remember the old donkey up on Timber Ridge?”
Aden grinned. “You mean the one whose steam tank I had to pull you out of?”
Daniel sighed. “Ya, that would be the one.” He moved his beam. “There!”
She saw it. “Sam! The Right is moving to noon!” She nudged Daniel forward with her knee. “Close the hole.”
Daniel scurried forward toward Joe and Jack. “Well it ain’t there no more. Our papas blew it to hell with one of those.”
Aden was sorry she’d missed it. “Sam, where’s the Left?”
Sam dropped down to one knee and fired. A tree beside the trail ahead of them exploded into a ball of flames. 
Something screamed. It didn’t sound human. There was a rush a motion to the right. Aden felt Daniel arch back to brace her. She leaned forward, snapped off the safety and primed the gun. A tiny red sighting laser joined the bright light of the combined torches.
The movement happened so fast, Aden didn’t have time to think. Something passed through the beam. Aden pulled the trigger. Something exploded! Red splattered everywhere! There was the most terrifying howl she’d ever heard but it didn’t come from the right direction.
The bushed moved directly in front of her. All she had time to see was two red eyes. Then Duval launched toward her face.
There was a resounding war cry and something flew between her and Duval. She was knocked backward.
“Die, you vicious Beast!” Aden turned her head in time to see Jack bring a wooden stake down into Duval’s chest.
Duval screamed and pushed Jack away. He ripped the stake out and rolled over. She could see him gripping the wound. Daniel brought up his gun. Jack started to rise. “Jack, stay down!” Aden grabbed for him. Jack turned to look behind and gasped.
Duval hissed in Jack’s shadow and leapt away into the forest. Daniel swore and he tried to track him but Duval was long gone. Jack collapsed and put his hands over his head.
Daniel hit the safety on his gun and hurried to her side. “Aden! Are you okay?”
Aden looked up at the gun in her hand. She released the bolt and clicked on the safety. “I am now.” She looked at him. “Don’t come toward me like that when I have a hot weapon in my hand.”
Joseph had moved forward and was kneeling beside Jack. He put a hand on his shoulder. “Jack, are you hurt?”
Jack turned his head to one side. “Is it safe to sit up yet?” His voice was shaking. Joseph helped him up.
Aden felt a hand on her shoulder. She turned to see Sam beside her. “Nice shootin', Kiddo.” He grinned.
“But what did I hit? It obviously wasn’t Duval.”
Sam and Daniel helped her up. Joseph had an arm around Jack, who was trembling. Sam frowned. He looked at Joseph. “Is he hurt?”
Joseph shrugged. “Not that I can see.”
Daniel walked up to the shaking man. “Jack?”
Jack looked up at him. Aden could see the tear streaks on his face. “I’ve never liked guns much. That’s the first time I’ve ever had one pointed at me.”
Daniel shook his head. He came to the other side of him and put an arm around Jack’s shoulders. “I wasn’t going to shoot you. I was aiming for that thing.”
Jack looked down at his hands and panicked. “Oh my God! I’ve got to get it off!” Daniel and Joseph both moved to see what was wrong with him. Daniel caught his flailing hands. “Jack! What is it?”
“Demon blood!”
Aden rolled her eyes. “Oh, please.” She hoisted her gun. “I’m going to go to see what I took out.”
Sam moved off the trail in the opposite direction. “I thought I saw something over here.”
Aden moved forward until she found the splattered remains. Was there enough left to even tell what it had once been? She noticed a small piece of fur and picked it up. “Damn. I blew a deer to hell.”
She heard Sam swear. “This one doesn’t look so happy either.”
Aden backtracked to the trail and moved toward Sam’s light.
Sam put his hand up in warning. “Be careful. By the look of things, Duval already had this one down. He must have been going for another.”
She pulled the top down on the torch and held it up. The body of the deer was shredded.
Daniel came forward and angled his gun down so the beam played across the carcass. “That’s definitely his work.” He patted her on the shoulder. “Nice Liberty imitation. I’d give you first prize.”
Aden almost hit him on the head with the torch.
Sam knelt beside it and started to reach for something white. Aden and Jack both shouted at the same time. Sam jerked his hand back and looked up. “What?”
Jack stumbled forward. “That’s demon spore!”
Aden sighed. “It’s Duval’s saliva.”
“It’s a Beast.” Jack was gasping. “A demon possessing what was once a person.”
Joseph nodded. “A dark predator.”
Aden closed her eyes, searching for the last shreds of common sense. “No.” They all turned and stared at her. “It’s a guy with some kind of virus that causes the symptoms of vampirism.”
Daniel snorted. “You’ve been hanging around Doc too long. You’re starting to sound just like him.”
She looked at Jack. “You’re a journalist. You know the importance of getting all the facts straight before you tack an opinion onto a story.”
Jack scrubbed urgently at the blood on his hands with a rag Joseph had given him. “I know but all of the research I’ve done.”
Aden thought back to something Michael had said. “Was written by people in the dark ages! People who didn’t have the technology that we have today. They didn’t have the ability to tell what they were dealing with.” She scanned the area. “I fully agree that we’re dealing with something way above norm here. Maybe that’s what vampires were back then, too, and the people who were trying to figure out what was going on were using the best ways that they could to describe what these psychotic killers were doing and, in the concepts of their time period, give some reasonable explanation. But times have changed. We know about disease and how the body works where those folks back then didn’t.” 
She looked at Daniel. “Think about what Mr. Kern told us about the ancient mariners who believed the world was flat, even though the Greeks had proved it was round thousand of years before. They didn’t have a way to explain the Atlantic currents so they assumed that when ships couldn’t get back, it was because they had fallen over the edge of the world.”
Joseph chuckled. “Sometimes I think my brother still agrees with that old theory.” He looked over at Sam. “Whatever this thing is, I don’t really want to hang around out here in the dark. We’ve got a long walk back to the trucks.”
Daniel came up to her. “I bet that gun is getting heavy. Do you want to trade off for a little while?”
She looked up at Sam. He nodded. “I’m hoping we don’t see more of him tonight. I know you don’t believe Jack but that stake really did seem to have some kind of affect on the Beast.”
Aden groaned. She swapped guns with Daniel and started down the trail. She heard Sam tell Daniel to take the rear.
Sam caught up with her. “I’m sorry.”
She focused on the trail illuminated by the torch. “I’m worried.” She looked over at him. “Do you remember when that convict escaped from the penitentiary and ended up out here?”
She could hear Sam sucking on his teeth. “I remember.” He did a quick sweep of the trail in front of them. “This is different.” He turned and looked at her. “That was a bunch of rowdy loggers.”
“Sam, this is turning into the same kind of affair. Duval is a murderer, there’s no doubt in my mind about that. And he’s carrying a potentially deadly virus, which complicates things even more.” She readjusted the hold on the rifle. “You asked me to be the deputy. I didn’t really want this job but I took it because I knew you needed the backup on this one. So now I’m doing my job.”
Sam went back to sweeping the forest around them. “Aden, I’ve been doing this job for thirty years. You don’t have to tell me how to do it.”
His attitude struck deep and Aden felt her chest tighten. “Then at least listen to my advice. You can’t let your emotions get in the way of performing your duty as a law officer. Our focus should be finding a way to apprehend Duval and follow through on the laws of this state. If his actions are based on a virus, which causes mental insanity, he needs medical help.”
“You talk as if this guy was human.”
“He is human! Criminally insane, but still human. You’re letting Jack’s nonsense go to your head!”
Aden was relieved when she finally saw the reflection of the sheriff’s decal in her beam. She went to Daniel and gave him back his rifle. She took the heavy artillery and slid it onto the floor of the back seat.
Joseph had already climbed into the passenger seat. She got in and rolled down the window. She leaned out and called to Sam. “Lead or follow?”
Sam waved to her. “We’ll be right behind you.”
Aden started down the bumpy road. The mug on the dash jumped and slid. Joseph caught it. Aden slowed down. “Thanks.”
He put it back on the dash. “Your father used it for the same purpose sometimes.”
“What’s that?”
“A true speedometer. If the mug is moving, you’re going too fast.”
Aden tried to stay focused on the road. She was gripping the wheel so tight, every pot hole jarred her body.
Joseph looked at her. “You have to remember to always search for the logic. It will keep you on the wall.”
Aden glanced over at him. “The wall?”
“The wall is a metaphor for rational living. When we let go of emotion and take responsibility for our actions, we can think clearly. The wall is a hard place to be. Those around us still stuck in emotional sand try to burden us by dumping their sand on us. Our challenge is to dump that sand without throwing it back. It’s a difficult skill to learn.”
She didn’t look at him. “You don’t think I’m being logical?”
He didn’t answer for a long moment. “Maybe I’m the one not being logical.”
They swung onto pavement and Aden let go of her tension. She sped up. When the mug began to rattle, she backed off on the gas. She noticed Sam’s headlights were keeping up with her. Well, if he didn’t like her speed, he could always give her a ticket.
Aden slowed as she came into town. She was relieved to see the front porch light on at the house. She pulled into the lot by the office and parked. Sam pulled in next to her.
Daniel jumped out and came over to her. He gave her a big playful hug then let her go. “Super Fly! That was fun!” He glanced at Sam. “I convinced Dad not to give you a lecture.” He winked at her.
Aden shook her head. She carried the gun inside. Daniel followed. Sam was about to set his in the rack. Aden grabbed it. “I’d rather not leave these out. I’ll put them up.” 
He let go of the gun. She knew the look he was giving her. “I thought I was going to have to clean up after Jack.”
“Considering Duval’s recent history, I thought it was more important to get back to town quickly.” She started toward the gun locker. Aden looked back over her shoulder. “The mug didn’t move.”
A smile spread across Sam’s face. He turned to his desk and Aden unlocked the cabinet. She looked up when the door opened.
Annie came rushing into the office. Daniel jumped out of the chair he’d collapsed in and Sam stood. “Annie! What’s wrong?”
She came to his desk and hugged Sam. “Thank goodness you’re safe! We’ve been worried sick about you! Why didn’t you call in?”
Sam sighed. “I’m sorry. Things got a little tense after it got dark. I think we were all too focused on just getting out of there alive.”
She looked around. “Where’s Joe and Jack?”
Daniel chuckled. “Joe’s just helping him get cleaned up. Jack found tackle to be a messy game.”
Aden closed her eyes. That was going to give her nightmares.
Annie turned to Daniel. “Young man! You march over to the café this instant and relieve your wife! She’s been out of her mind with worry about you.”
Daniel looked back at Aden. He sighed and kissed Annie on the forehead. “Yes, Mother.” He grinned and ducked out of her reach.
Aden noticed the ammunition was getting low. She knocked on the locker door to get Sam’s attention. “I’m going to step downstairs and get some ammo.” Sam nodded and she unlocked the back and went down to the packing room.
She heard them arguing as she came back up the stairs. Aden paused by the door and peered around the corner. She heard something hit the desk with a metallic click.
Sam was seated there, staring up at Annie. She removed her hand. Sam looked down at the object. Aden bit her bottom lip. It was a nickel.
Annie leaned forward and looked Sam straight in the face. “Would you like to tell me what’s going on?”
Sam’s face curled in confusion. “Dan hasn’t said anything, honest. He said something about some supplements Cindy was forcing down his throat.”
Annie leaned even closer. “Samuel Adam Taylor! You and I both know that baby can’t be Daniel’s!”
Sam looked stunned. “You don’t think I know who the father is, do you?”
“I’m not dumb. You don’t think I’ve noticed?”
Sam’s face went red. “What are you suggesting!”
The office door opened and Jack came in. He stopped when he saw them. “Is this a bad time?”
Sam’s “No” was louder than Annie’s “Yes.”
Jack closed the door behind him and pulled something out of his overcoat. “I brought the notebook over like you asked, Sam.”
Sam came forward and put an arm around Jack’s shoulder and led him back toward the desk. “Let’s see what else you can tell us about this beast.”
Aden decided it was time to get out of there. She came up and put the ammunition in the cabinet and locked it up.
Jack and Sam were sitting at the desk, pouring over the notes. Annie was sitting in a plastic chair by the front window. She looked like she’d been crying. She looked at Sam. “These flowers really need some water.”
He ignored her. She got up and moved to the door.
Aden rushed forward, happy to have an excuse to duck out. She caught Annie’s hand and gave her a hug. “Don’t worry. We’re all okay.”
Annie hugged her back. “There’s someone who will be very glad to hear you say that.” She patted Aden’s cheek.
Aden stopped Annie before she opened the door. She grabbed one of the torches Daniel had stuck to the metal plate on the wall. She handed it to her and grabbed one for herself. “We have to light the way somehow.”
Annie smiled at her and they left the office together.
Aden ran all the way to the house. She looked up and noticed that the light was on in her bedroom. She unlocked the front door and came in. She could hear the sound of music coming from upstairs. She locked the door, tossed her coat over a dining room chair, and went upstairs.
It took a moment to realize Michael must be playing the music. The guitar chords sounded sad. She peered around the corner. He started to sing. “Is there a hope for us somewhere out there? Maybe a second chance - if so do we dare? Hope for a dream, dream for tomorrow. ” Then his voice broke and he stopped playing. He looked up. His eyes looked glassy. “Aden?”
She struggled to breathe. Aden let her gaze travel around the room. He had rearranged the furniture, taken the twin bed out, and brought the queen sized bed frame into her room. She finally managed to pull words together. “Wow, look at this. I’m at a loss for words.”
 Michael put the guitar down beside the bed. “Good. Then don’t say anything. Just come here.” 
* * *

Michael couldn’t stop shaking. He watched her move forward. She was looking at the room as she walked around the side of the bed toward him. He’d been dreading this part. She’d always hated it when he moved her things.
She finally stopped next him. He could tell she was trembling, too. She met his gaze. “It works.”
Relief allowed him to move. He reached out for her. She fell into his embrace. Michael pulled her over his body and onto the bed beside him. He held her close. The tears he’d been trying so hard to control broke free.
She shifted slightly so she could nestle in closer. She touched his face, brushing away the dampness. “It’s all right. Everyone is safe.” 
He curled around her and she relaxed into his embrace. He couldn’t get his throat to make any sounds. He began to rock her gently. Michael ran his hands across her face. He kissed her. 
He could tell the bun of her hair was making it difficult for her to lean comfortably on his arm. He carefully removed the elastic band and ran his fingers through it. He’d always loved the feel of her long hair running through his fingers.
Aden pulled his face to hers. She found his lips. He returned her kiss with a passion so deep he was worried it might drown her. She returned it in equal measure. She was trembling.
He finally broke the kiss and rested his forehead on hers. “I was so worried after I realized how dark it had gotten outside.”
She moved her head to rest it on his chest. His stomach gurgled in her ear. She patted it. “Hasn’t he fed you lately?”
He pulled her back up and kissed her. “I’ve been kind of focused.” He traced her face with his fingertips. He’d been afraid he’d never see it again.
She looked up at him. “What happened today? Clem sounded, I don’t know, stressed?”
He studied her face. How was he going to tell her? He had no way to explain what was happening. He didn’t have enough magnification. He knew how she felt about the whole idea of it being a vampire. But what else could you call it?
He was afraid. He glanced up and noticed the small box he’d found when he was moving the other bed out. He looked down at her. “You aren’t mad about the room, are you?”
Her face softened. “No. Michael, I like it.” She smiled and stroked his chest. “It’s much nicer than having to literally crawl in and out of bed.” Her smile looked forced. Her face trembled.
He reached across her for the box. “I found something when I moved your bed. It was next to the wall, like it might have fallen off at some point. I freed it from the dominion of the dust bunnies.”
That made her laugh. He handed her the box. She gasped. “My memory box!” She held it close then looked up at him. Fresh tears shone in the corners of her eyes. “Thank you. I can’t remember when I saw this last. It must have slid off my bed when I was packing to leave for college.”
“I guess the dust bunnies were holding it hostage so you’d come back for it.”
She rolled into him. He could feel her crying. He’d said the wrong thing. Was he ever going to get this right? “Aden, I’m sorry.”
She shook her head against his chest. “It’s not you.” She sighed and pulled back far enough so that she could see the box. She ran her fingers along the plastic baubles that decorated the outside. “Cindy made this for me as a birthday present one year.” Fresh tears ran down her face. “I just wish I knew how to mend that.” Her voice broke.
Michael pulled her close. He thought of what he’d overheard, both at the café and the night before. He closed his eyes. “Were you and Cindy and Daniel good friends?” He hoped he’d chosen the right words.
She leaned back and he relaxed his hold. Aden opened the box. Her breath caught. She took another deep one. Her fingers sifted through the contents. He couldn’t really see them from his viewpoint. She pulled out a faded photo. “This must be the first picture I have of the three of us together.” She held it up so he could see.
Three smiling children looked out of the past. Two young girls, one with light hair the other with dark, were sitting together, arms interlocked. Behind them, a chubby boy had his arms around both. Michael sighed. “How old were you.”
Aden leaned her head back and looked up at the ceiling. “That was the year the Taylors moved in. We must have been eight or nine.” She leaned forward and looked at him. He could tell she was studying his face. He tried not to betray anything. Her lips quivered. “You don’t need to be jealous of Daniel.”
Michael swallowed hard. He always lost at poker. “I’m not.”
She looked back down inside the box. She put the picture back and pulled out a tiny glass figurine of a lion. She sniffed. “This was one of the reasons Cindy gave me the box in the first place.” Her fingers rubbed the surface of the head. It looked like it had been glued.
Michael touched her hand gently with his. “Looks like he’s been through the school of hard knocks.”
Aden’s face crumpled. “Him and his pals. There’s a couple more buried in there.” She sighed away a sob. “My mom had pushed them off a shelf. Daniel had a knack for super glue. He glued them back together for me and Cinders made this box for them.” Her voice trailed off in a whisper. She put the lion back inside and closed the lid. She curled into his arms and wept.
Michael held her close, not knowing what else to do. She’d never spoke much about her family or her past friends. He remembered a time when Mary had pushed her too hard. He’d almost lost Aden that night but Matt had saved the day. The memory overwhelmed him. He buried his face in her hair and cried with her.
They both finally ran out of tears. Aden unbuttoned his shirt and put her ear against his chest. “I need to hear your heart beat.”
It touched him so deeply he found more tears hiding in the recesses of his eyes. He held her tightly. “I love you.”
She tried to find a safe place to put the box down. He rolled a little so she could reach the bedside table. She curled back into him and wrapped her arms around his body. She put her face in his neck, under his chin. “I still remember the first time you said that to me.” Her voice was shaking. “We were standing under this little footbridge while the sky fell in buckets on either side. We were both drenched and shaking. You had pulled me close and wrapped your coat around both of us.”
He remembered that event for a very different reason. She had saved his life. He kissed her forehead. His body shook. He hadn’t been paying attention! “If you hadn’t pulled me out of the street that day, I would have been a hood ornament - doomed to ride the Max forever.” He’d tried to make it sound funny.
She didn’t laugh. She turned her face upward and he looked down into her eyes. She was crying again. “I still have nightmares about that sometimes.” She brushed his lips with her own. He wanted to kiss her but she pulled back and looked at him. “Do you remember what you promised me that day?”
His throat tightened. He swallowed hard. Could he really tell her the truth? He traced the side of her face with his finger tips. “Aden, are you sure you want to stay?”
She closed her eyes. “I have to stay. I made a promise to help catch Duval.”
His mind reeled. Catch or destroy? If that was even possible. He thought of the samples down in the lab and shuddered. He wasn’t ready yet. He looked down at her. “What happened out there?” 
Aden started shaking. “We found a den that Duval had been using.” 
“I know about that part. I was listening to Clem’s radio when you called in. But that was in the middle of the afternoon. What took you so long to get back?”
She bit her lip. “We stopped to look at a deer he’d killed.”
He could tell she wasn’t telling everything. His gut tightened. “Was there any white foam on it?”
She stiffened. “Michael? What is it?”
He fought to control his panic. “No one touched it, did they?”
“I don’t think so.”
He pulled her close and whispered into her hair. “I don’t want to lose you again.”
He could feel her shaking. “Michael?”
He pulled her face up gently and looked into her eyes. “There’s something I have to show you.”
Michael led her downstairs and through the hallway. He paused in the laundry room, conscious of the fact both of them only had socks on. “We should really have more on our feet.”
“The cold floor doesn’t bother me.”
“That’s not what I’m worried about. We should go back and grab our shoes.”
He started to turn but she caught him. “Will slippers do?” She pointed at the floor next to the washing machine. 
There was a small shoe rack with a few pairs of slippers resting in it. He chose a couple pairs with rubber soles. “It’s better than just socks.” He bent down and held them out so she could slip her feet into them.
Aden kissed the top of his head. “You always were my Prince Charming.” Her smile was so beautiful.
Michael stood and took her in his arms. “Are you ready for this?” Aden nodded. He swallowed hard. Was he?
He let her go and led her down into the basement. “Clem and I pulled these samples after you left. Neither of us have ever seen anything like this.” He brought her into the lab and stopped at the make-shift containment box he’d pieced together.
She stared at the box. “What is that supposed to be?”
Michael grinned in spite of his fear. “The best I can do with what was available. Gives a whole new twist to duct tape jokes.” He slid his hands into the yellow rubber gloves that he’d taped into the holes cut in the cardboard box. He squinted to see through the plastic covering taped across the open top. Michael moved around some of the sample bags. His gut tightened. There was new growth visible on several of them.
Aden looked inside. “I’m not really sure what I’m looking at. Half of them look fresh and other the half look like meat that has been in the fridge too long.”
Michael forced his lungs to expand. “Those fresh looking ones all came from around the bite areas.” He pointed to the nasty looking ones. “These came from areas that had just been scratched.”
“From which victim?”
Michael swallowed hard. “All of them.” He moved the baggies so she could see the names printed on them.
She gasped. “Wait a minute. You mean even the first victim’s sample looks fresh? How is that possible?”
“I don’t know. Only the flesh right around the bite wound seems to be affected. It has something to do with the virus. I found virus cells in each of the fresh looking samples but not in the others. That tells me the virus is responsible for Duval’s ability to heal so quickly.”
Aden drew back. “But why do the samples with the virus still look so fresh?” He could hear the tone of her voice. She had already guessed the answer. She just wanted confirmation.
Michael braced himself for her reaction. “Because the tissue is still alive.”
Aden’s face went white. “Could those people in the lockers come back to life?”
“I don’t think so. They don’t have any blood in their bodies or internal organs. The rest of the tissue has already started to decay, just like the samples of the tissue from the scratches.”
She leaned on his shoulder. “Can someone please wake me up? I don’t like this nightmare.”
He moved the last sample to the center of the box. “This is the foam from that kid.”
She clung to his shoulder and leaned over the box. “If it’s foam, why hasn’t it dissipated?”
“It’s not ordinary foam. I think it’s a protein mass created by the interaction between the virus and the cells.” He pulled his hands out of the gloves and took her in his arms.
She leaned into him. “How is this all possible?”
Michael ran his hand through her hair to move it back from her face. “I don’t know. The microscope Clem loaned me doesn’t have strong enough magnification. I can’t see what’s going on inside the cells. All I can tell you is that somehow the virus is not only keeping these cells alive but it seems capable of allowing the cells to replicate, even without a fresh oxygen or a nutrient source.”
She tightened her grip around him. “Can you stop it?”
“This isn’t like anything else I’ve ever seen.” He was terrified, more than he’d been facing a room full of dead bodies and crazed rats. He found her face and pulled it up so he could look into her eyes. “Are you sure you want to stay?”
Her lips trembled. “I can’t abandon my friends.” He studied her face. He could see the worry lines forming around her eyes. She swallowed hard. “Are you going to leave?” Her words had barely been audible.
He took her face in both of his hands. “I could never leave you. And I can’t walk away from this. Not knowing what I do now.” He’d already made that choice when he’d found the virus in the foam. He looked into her eyes. “Whatever this is - we are going to fight it together.”
She fell against him. “How?”
Michael closed his eyes. It was time to make the call. He felt in his pocket and found his phone. He looked at the display. There was no service.
Aden turned to see what he was doing. She pulled him into the outer room until they stood in the middle of the boxes. “Try now.”
He looked back at the display. “Full bars? What the heck?”
“Sacred Spot.” She patted his chest. “Who are you going to call?”
He found George’s number in the contact list then looked down at her. “An old friend.” He pressed the call button.
* - * - *
Part 3 - Beast Tracker
Aden woke to the sound of voices. She rolled over to reach for him but he wasn’t there. She opened her eyes. “Michael?”
The voices were coming from outside the room. Aden got up and dressed quickly. She tip-toed across the cold floor and peered down the stairwell. 
Michael was talking to a man in the front hall. She couldn’t see the man’s face from her vantage point but his voice was deep and had a gentle, merry sound to it.
The man chuckled. “You sure manage to find the most insane cases on the planet, Michael. How do you do it?”
“Just my lot, I guess. I really appreciate you driving all the way out here with this stuff, George. In all honesty, I’m terrified out of my mind. If it weren’t for Aden, I’d be out of here like greased lightening.”
His friend grew serious. “You be careful. I won’t raise any flags out here yet but if I don’t hear from you on a regular basis, I’m going to bring a team of white suits out and close this area for public safety.”
Michael slapped his shoulder. “Let’s hope it doesn’t come to that. With everything you’ve brought out, I should be able to isolate the viral strain and come up with a possible antigen, if there is one.”
George’s voice dropped to nearly a whisper. “The whole thing scares the crap out of me. I wish you had better connectivity out here so I could do more to help by remote.”
“I’ll do my best to keep you in the loop. I’ve managed to find a couple of cell spots in the house. Aden called them ‘sacred spots.’ I’m beginning to see why.”
“If there’s more I can do, be sure to let me know.” He went out the door then turned back. “Michael, just remember, personal safety is number one. A dead researcher helps no one.”
Michael’s laughter sounded tense. “You know that better than most.”
“And if it weren’t for you, I wouldn’t be here to remind you.” He held out his hand and Michael shook it. “I seem to recall dinner is on me this round. Bring your sweetie with you, too, and we’ll make it a grand occasion.”
He went out and Michael stood in the open doorway a moment. Aden heard the vehicle drive away and Michael shut the door and leaned his forehead against it. His breath sounded ragged.
Aden came down the stairs and slipped her arms around his chest. His whole body tensed. She rested her chin on his back. “Hey, what’s up?”
Michael relaxed and turned around in her arms. He pulled her close and held her. She felt his lips on her neck. “Sorry if we woke you.”
“I needed to get up anyway.” She leaned back far enough so she could see his face. “Who was here?”
“That was an old friend of mine, George Hackman. He brought me out some special equipment. Come down to the lab, and I’ll show you.” He started pulling her toward the back.
The wail of a siren splintered the silence. They both turned toward the front window as red lights flashed by. Aden went cold. “That was Sam.” She looked up at Michael. “I have to go see what’s going on.”
“Okay.” He let her go but Aden could see the look of concern on his face.
She quickly slipped into her boots and grabbed the coat off the peg. She ran down to the office, gasping for air by the time she arrived. She was grateful the door was unlocked. She reached for the radio and called for Sam. There was no answer. She tried several times but got no response.
Aden planted her hands on the desk and forced the panic down. She reached for the phone and dialed dispatch. Kathy answered. Aden steadied herself. “This is Aden Anderson at the Sweetvale Sheriff’s Department.”
“Oh, of course. You’re Alan’s daughter. Sam mentioned you were helping out.” Her voice sounded too happy.
“Did you put a call out for Sam a few minutes ago?”
Kathy paused. “No, I talked to him yesterday but not since. Why?”
Aden sunk into the chair. “He just took off and he’s not answering his radio.”
“Hang on. I’ll see if I can reach him.”
Aden listened to the portable crackle to life as Kathy tried several times to raise him. There was no answer. Aden felt the tingle creeping up her spine.
The office door swung open and Aden turned to see Joseph come in. She could tell by the set of his face that he’d been listening. “What’s happening?”
Kathy came back on the phone and Aden held up her hand. Kathy’s voice was tense. “I’m sorry, Aden. I can’t seem to raise him either. He could be in an area that the repeater can’t reach.”
Aden thanked her and hung up. She looked over at Joseph. “Sam took off up the valley a short time ago.”
Joseph tensed. “I hope he’s all right. It bothers me that he’s not answering the radio. I wish he would have called me. He knows I would have backed him up.”
Aden felt the tingle grip her stomach. He wouldn’t have gone looking for Duval alone. She didn’t want to add to Joseph’s concern. She got up and put a hand on his arm. “People are jumpy right now. Maybe he doesn’t want to alarm anyone without cause.”
Joseph sank into one of the chairs by the front window. He turned the vase of flowers around, as if trying to push the fading ones to the back. “I’ve known Sam a long time. He’s like family.” He looked up at her. “I don’t know what I’d do if something happened to him.”
Aden didn’t either. She looked around the office and noticed that Sam had started the coffee. She poured Joseph a cup and brought it to him. “Joseph, last night you called Duval a dark predator. Do you believe we’re dealing with a real vampire?”
He sipped his coffee and sat quietly for a moment. “That’s a difficult question. There was once a time when I didn’t believe in anything. When I was young, I’d hear my parents and grandparents talking about spirits and such. I thought they were out of touch with reality.” He leaned forward with his elbows on his knees. “I don’t think so anymore.”
She sat in one of the other chairs and studied his weathered face. “What changed?”
He looked up at her. “Do you ever think about death and what it is?”
The tingle reached its tendrils deeper. She shivered. She didn’t want to think about it, especially after just loosing her father. And now they had four victims who had died horrible deaths at the hands of a psychotic killer and she couldn’t reach Sam. “It’s not a topic I usually explore.”
“I didn’t either until I lost my nephew. My mother had been ill for awhile and it was only a matter of time before she’d die but Kevin, he was young and strong. It was hard for me to grasp.”
She thought of Mrs. Becker, still waiting for her son to come home. Aden wanted to cry. She dropped her voice to a whisper. “I’ve heard what happened. Clem told me.”
Joseph sipped at the coffee. “I wasn’t here when it happened.” He looked down into the cup. “I was working in Eugene at the time for a big firm doing systems design work. When I first heard Paul’s voice, I was sure it was Mom but then he told me it was Kevin.”
Aden closed her eyes, remembering all the times that the five of them had spent together. “He was so smart. I thought for sure he was going to get a scholarship and go off to college.”
“Kevin stayed because of Maggie.”
Aden thought about that. “I seem to recall Maggie’s mom didn’t like Kevin very much.”
“She didn’t. And Ben liked him even less. Kevin wanted to marry Maggie when she found out she was pregnant but Ben wouldn’t let her.”
Aden sat up. “What! Maggie had a baby?”
“No.” Joseph sighed deeply. “Maggie lost the baby. She was about six months along when the accident occurred and went into labor. She didn’t understand what was happening. All the medics were at the logging site. Emma came down and got her to the hospital, but it was too late.”
Aden covered her face with her hands. “How horrible.” She’d almost given up the thought of having a child but to hear of Maggie’s loss made her feel empty. Was it too late for her?
“Death is hardest when it takes the young.” Joseph finished off his coffee. “After Kevin’s death, Paul and Eliza moved out. They couldn’t bare to stay. So I left my job and moved back to take care of Mom. She knew she was dying.” His voice faltered. “She spent a lot of time trying to get me to pay attention to the old ways. She’d lay in bed and just ramble away. I must have been listening on some level because I remembered everything she’d said after she passed on.”
Aden could see the tears forming in the corner of his eyes. “You don’t have to talk about it if you don’t want to.”
“No. I’ll be all right.” He wiped the tears away before they could fall. “After Mom died, she came back to tell me to remember what she’d taught me.”
Aden stared at him. “She came back? I don’t understand.”
Joseph looked up at Aden. “Her spirit came back. Aden, death is just a period of transition. If your soul is whole, it can survive that transition and continue to exist.”
She thought of all the ghost stories she’d heard. “How?”
“Think of your soul as a piece of cloth you weave on a loom. If you don’t weave the cloth tightly, it falls apart when you take it off. Your body is the loom for your soul.”
Aden closed her eyes. She thought of her mother. “And if you don’t weave well?”
Joseph sighed. “There are things that exist beyond the Valley of Life, things that haunt our nightmares. They exist only as energy. They have to consume energy to survive, just like we do.”
Aden shuddered and got up. She definitely didn’t want to think about that. “Do you think that’s what the demon is that Jack claims is inside of Duval?”
Joseph was quiet. Aden turned and looked at him. His face was thoughtful. Finally he sighed. “No.” He looked up at her. “I don’t think Jack understands it any better than we do.”
Aden glanced up as the SUV pulled into the gravel lot. “Oh, thank goodness! Sam’s back.” She rushed out the door.
Sam got out of the rig and struggled to shut the door. Aden ran forward and grabbed him. He collapsed into her arms. 
“Sam? Are you okay?” 
His face looked pale and his eyes appeared glazed. She thought about Michael’s concern over infection. What if Sam had somehow contracted the illness? She touched his face. He looked up at her. She could see his lips trembling. He tried to say something but no sound came out.
Joseph came up behind her and fell to his knees beside Sam. “Hang on, my friend.”
Aden realized she didn’t have a radio. She looked at Joseph. “Pass me your portable.” He handed it to her and she called for Clem.
He answered moments later. “What’s cooking?”
“Sam’s down! We’re in front of the office.”
Clem became serious. “Hang tight. I’ll be right there.”
Sam’s body trembled. He grabbed Aden’s arm. She looked down at him. He managed a whisper. “He’s dead.” Then his whole body shook and he sobbed.
Aden held him close and looked over at Joseph. Terror gripped her. Was it Daniel? She looked back at Sam. “Who’s dead, Sam?”
Sam continued to sob. He moaned slightly and curled forward.
Aden caught him and cradled him in her arms. She looked up as Clem stopped the rescue squad next to them. He came out the back moments later with several boxes.
Joseph moved to get out of his way. “Is there anything I can do?”
Aden looked up at him. “Get Michael.”
Joseph took off running. Clem looked over at her as he fit the buds of the stethoscope into his ears. “What are you thinking we got here?”
Aden swallowed against the tight knot in her throat. “Sam said someone was dead. I’m worried about the virus.”
Clem took his vitals and looked up at Aden. “I’m going to grab the wheeled stretcher and some O2. Hang on to him.”
Aden nodded. She tried to brush his tears away. “I’m here.” He reached for her hand and she grabbed his. “Hang on.”
Aden heard the sound of running feet but realized it was coming from the opposite direction, not from the house. She looked up as Daniel rounded the corner of the squad. Relief flooded through her. 
Daniel rushed forward and dropped next to Sam. “Dad?” He looked up at her, his face twisted with fear. “What happened?”
“I don’t know.”
Aden didn’t have time to explain. Michael and Joseph arrived as Clem brought the wheeled stretcher around. She listened to him brief Michael and he motioned for Daniel to move. They got Sam onto the wheeled stretcher, strapped an oxygen mask to his face, and lifted him into the back of the rescue squad. Clem hooked him up to the sensors. Michael did his best to help without getting in Clem’s way.
Aden, Joseph, and Daniel hovered by the back doors. Daniel leaned on her shoulder. She could feel his tears soaking through her shirt. “I should have come sooner. I was only half listening to the radio. When I saw Clem pull the squad out.” Daniel sobbed.
Joseph put a hand on his shoulder. “Breathe, Daniel.”
Aden slipped her arm around Daniel’s back and gave him a hug. “It’s going to be okay.” She looked over at Michael and hoped she wasn’t lying.
He looked back at her and their eyes met. She could tell he was thinking the same thing she had thought earlier. Michael looked back at Clem. “Is it safe for me to take a small blood sample? I don’t need much. Just a finger prick.”
Clem nodded. “How soon will you know?”
“It will only take about ten minutes.” He put a hand on Clem’s shoulder. “I kind of called for an upgrade. No offence, but I needed something with just a little more power.”
“None taken.” Clem wiped down a finger. “I’ll tell the hospital we’re on hold.” 
Michael stuck Sam’s finger with a little piece of metal and captured the tiny bubble of blood that welled up. “I’ll be back in a few.” He jumped down from the back of the squad and jogged up the street toward the house.
Daniel watched him go. “What’s he doing?”
Aden closed her eyes. “Making sure your dad isn’t infected with the virus.”
She felt Daniel tense and looked over at him. His eyes had gone wide. “Say what?”
“We’re dealing with something serious, Daniel.” She looked up at Clem. “The Center for Disease Control might be called in to quarantine the area if Michael can’t control the virus.”
Daniel put his head down on her shoulder again. “No.” She could feel him shaking.
Sam finally reached up and pulled the mask away. Clem tried to put it back but Sam grabbed his hand.
“It’s all right, Clem. I’m breathing.” Sam’s voice was labored. He looked around. “Where’s Aden?”
Aden let go of Daniel and jumped up into the back of the squad. She took Sam’s hand. “I’m here, Sam. What happened?”
Sam gripped her hand. “I went up to check on Henry.” He closed his eyes and his face creased with pain. “He’s gone.” He started to sob again but not as strong as before.
Joseph leaned against the squad. His face had gone rigid. Clem looked over at him. “Hey, buddy. Do you need a shot of O-two?”
Joseph shook his head. He looked up at Sam. “Was it the Beast?” Sam managed to nod. Tears streamed down his face. Aden brushed them away and made sure the air mask was back in place.
She didn’t know what else to do. She’d known Old Henry when she was little but she felt detached. It had been the same when Sam had called her with the news about her own father. Was there something wrong with her?
Clem remained kneeling next to Sam but hung his head. Aden could tell that he was struggling with his emotions as well.
She looked back at Daniel. Tear streaks glistened on his cheeks and his chin trembled. He sniffed. “We gotta do something. There has to be a way to stop this thing.”
Joseph put a hand on his shoulder. “We’ll find a way. Don’t worry.”
Aden heard running feet and Michael appeared beside Daniel. He looked around at everyone crying and up at Aden, clearly confused. “He’s clean.” He looked at Clem. “What happened?”
Clem shook his head. “Sorry, Doc. It’s not Sam. It’s Henry.”
Sam gripped Aden’s hand to get her attention and pushed the mask away with the other. His voice was weak. “They need to go get the body.”
Clem refitted the mask and checked the monitors. “I’m more worried about the living right now.” He called into the hospital dispatcher with an update.
Michael climbed back up into the squad and knelt next to Aden. He put his arm around her shoulder and kissed her hair. His whisper tickled her ear. “How are you holding up?”
She leaned into him a little. “I’m okay.”
Sam looked over at them and pushed the masked off again. “I’m feeling better. I’ll be fine.”
Clem frowned. “I’d be much happier if I could take you down to the city.”
Sam pushed himself up and Clem helped him sit. “I don’t need it.” He looked over at Michael. “Besides, we got a doctor right here.”
Aden felt Michael stiffen. She glanced over at him. It was her fault everyone thought he was a doctor but right now they needed to believe in him. He might be their only chance. She found his hand and dropped her voice to a whisper. “George has faith in you.”
He looked at her, puzzled, but didn’t say anything.
Clem helped Sam get off the wheeled stretcher. Daniel and Joseph helped him down from the back of the squad. Clem jumped down. “I’d still be a lot happier if you’d let me take you out for a drive. I know how much you like that little coffee shop on Main Street.”
Sam put a hand on Clem’s arm. “I appreciate your concern but I’m needed here. We can go for coffee another time.”
Aden could see the concern on Clem’s face. She was even more worried about how weak Sam seemed to be. “Sam, maybe you should.”
He turned to her. His face was drawn. “I’ll be fine.” He looked at Clem. “You need to go retrieve something.” His voice was a whisper.
Clem went pale. “I’ll have to get another bag.”
Michael stepped closer to Clem. “I have some that are a little tougher.”
Clem stared at him for a moment. “Industrial strength, huh?” He turned to Sam. “Where’s the body?”
“It’s by his truck. He stopped about a quarter mile from his driveway for some reason. Maybe he saw something and got out to investigate. I don’t know.”
Aden realized it should be documented but wasn’t sure how to breach the subject. “Maybe I should ride along.”
Clem leaned closer. “Not that I mind your company but I’d rather you stay and keep an eye on him.”
Michael put an arm around Aden’s waist. “Clem’s right.” He looked at Clem. “I can go give you a hand. We’re going to need to suit up anyway.”
Clem’s eyes went wide. “Suit up?” He staggered a little. “What are we dealing with, Doc?”
“I’ll fill you in on the way. We can stop at the house and grab what we need.” He kissed Aden. “We’ll be back soon.” He let her go and started to walk toward the passenger door of the squad.
Aden ran to catch up. “Do me a favor. I know it sounds bad but I’ll need some photos. Just enough to file the report.”
Michael touched her face. “I remember. I can take them with my phone.”
She took his hand. “Be careful.”
“I will.”
She backed away and turned to look for Sam. He was standing with Daniel and Joseph next to his SUV. She joined them. They watched the rescue squad pull away. Aden looked at Sam. “Why don’t we get some breakfast? I don’t know about you, but I’m hungry.”
Daniel patted Sam on the shoulder. “Aden’s right. You should get some food. Joe and I have already eaten.” He and Joe walked toward Daniel’s old pick-up truck.
Sam sighed and walked with her to the café. There was only one other person in the main dining room. Ian McGrayson got up as they entered. “Sam! Are you all right? You look like hell!”
Sam smiled weakly. “That seems to be the general consensus around here.”
Ian motioned to the table. “Come join me.”
Sam and Aden moved to his table and sat down. Cindy came out of the back and noticed them. She grabbed the coffee pot and came over. 
Sam turned over his cup. “Thanks, Honey.” He looked up at her. “How are you feeling this morning?”
“I’m okay.” She looked down at Aden’s untouched cup. “Don’t you want some coffee?”
Aden was shocked. It was the first time Cindy had said much to her. She really didn’t want coffee at the moment. “How about some hot water and a tea bag?”
Cindy turned back to Sam. “Do you want your regular breakfast?”
“No, just a couple eggs and toast.” He looked at Aden. “What about you?”
“That sounds good.”
Cindy went off to the kitchen. Aden noticed Sam was watching her. She tried not to think about the conversation she’d overheard the night before.
Sam looked over at Ian. “I’ve got some bad news.”
Ian’s eyes narrowed. “Another victim?”
“Henry.” His voice was quiet.
Ian gasped. “God help us! When?”
Sam shook his head. “Some time last night I’d guess. It looked like he’d stopped on the way home.”
Ian was shaking. “He’d been over to my place last night. He’d brought me over a couple rabbits to butcher. Hank’s birthday is coming up. He’s fond of rabbit stew. Shelly’s going to make it.”
Aden could tell Ian was struggling. She put her hand on his. “It’s not your fault.”
He met her gaze. “I didn’t realize how late it had gotten. It was well past dark. Henry had said he’d be fine.” His voice broke.
Sam closed his eyes. “We’re going to take that thing down.”
His tone sent a chill down Aden’s spine. “You mean we’re going to bring him in.”
Sam turned and looked at her. “After what you’ve seen? Jack’s right. That thing isn’t human.” Sam took his cup and sipped at his coffee.
Aden felt uncomfortable. The outer doors opened and Jimmy came in. He went up to the counter, his coffee mug in hand. “I’m going to chat with Jimmy. I’ll be back in a moment.”
She got up and went to the counter. Cindy came out of the back with two plates. She noticed Aden and set her plate on the counter. She looked at Jimmy. “I’ll top you off in a sec.”
Jimmy nodded and turned to Aden. “Mornin', Deputy Anderson.”
“That’s sounds odd, Jimmy. Just call me Aden.” She took a seat next to him and found the nearest silverware bundle. “How’s Emma doing?”
“Granny’s about the same. Miss Gertie came up to stay with her today. I was a little worried yesterday.” He sighed. “I couldn’t find her when I got home. Scared me half to death, what with everything going on.”
Aden put a hand on his arm. “Where was she?”
Jimmy grinned. “I searched the entire house and finally found her asleep in a closet.” He shook his head. “I don’t know what to do sometimes. I don’t want to have to put her in a home.”
Aden heard Sam call Cindy’s name and glanced back. Ian had left and Sam was seated alone at the table. He took Cindy’s hand. “You want to tell me something?” His voice was very quiet.
Cindy pulled her hand away. “Everything is fine.” 
She started to turn away but Sam sighed deeply. “Does Dan know?” 
Cindy paused. Her face went pale. She didn’t turn back to him. “I have to get Jimmy his coffee.”
Aden turned to Jimmy, hoping that Cindy hadn’t noticed her eavesdropping. “Jimmy, your grandmother was one of the spunkiest old ladies I knew growing up. I still remember helping her and Gran Nan pick black berries for pies.”
Jimmy smiled. “I miss Gran Nan. She was so nice.” He sighed. “When my daddy and grandpa died, she spent a lot of time helping my ma. Ma had been sick a lot.” His voice sounded sad. “It was rough when she died, too. That’s when I moved in with Granny. She took care of me and now it’s my turn to take care of her.”
Cindy filled Jimmy’s mug and disappeared into the back without saying anything. Jimmy looked bewildered. Aden wondered if it had to do with her sitting there. Aden patted Jimmy’s hand. “Cindy has just been under a lot of stress lately.”
Jimmy nodded and took a sip of his coffee. “Clem said her and Daniel are finally expecting.” He looked at Aden. “What about you, Deputy Aden? Are you and that fancy city doctor going to have a family?”
Aden felt her face warm. “We haven’t really had time to talk about that.”
“I’m hoping Holly will want a couple kids. I asked her to marry me.” He looked down at his mug. Aden could see the blush coming to his face. “I was so nervous but she said yes. She adores Granny so it doesn’t even bother her that we’re going to be living with her.”
Aden swallowed hard. “Holly McGrayson?”
Jimmy nodded. “She’s away at college right now but she’ll be graduating with her teacher’s certificate in May. We’re getting married in June.”
Aden couldn’t help but smile. “Wow! I used to baby sit her.” She shook her head remembering the tiny baby. “I can’t even imagine her all grown up.”
Jimmy pulled out his wallet and flipped it open to a picture. “That’s her.”
Aden looked at the beautiful young lady. She wanted to cry. “I hope you have a wonderful wedding.”
The outer doors swung open and Maggie entered. She looked around then came toward them. “Jimmy, there you are.”
He jumped down off the stool. “Mornin', Miss Maggie. Did you need some gas? Sorry I wasn’t at the station. I just came over for more coffee and we kind of got talking.”
Maggie smiled. “That’s okay. I’m parked by the pump.”
“You have a good day, Deputy Aden.” He nodded politely and hurried out.
Maggie turned to Aden and smiled. “Deputy Aden?”
Aden sighed and glanced at Sam. “That was his idea.” She was surprised when Maggie reached over and gave her a hug. Aden hugged her back.
Maggie took the stool Jimmy had vacated. “It’s good to see you. Sorry I missed the funeral. Babies have their own agendas.”
Aden didn’t know what to say. She struggled to smile. “You look great.” Her throat tightened around the words.
Maggie sighed. “I’m sure you’ve heard all the gossip by now.” She pointed at the plate on the counter. “You should really eat those before they get cold.”
Aden turned to her breakfast. “I suppose so.” She took a bite. “I heard Bethy is expecting. How’s she doing?”
Maggie’s face grew concerned. “I’m a little worried. She’s still a few weeks away from her due date. I’d be much happier if she wasn’t stressing about this killer in the area.”
Sam put his cup down hard on the table. “Tell her not to worry. We’re going to get him.”
Aden felt the tingle at the base of her spine. She tried not to think about it. She thought about the virus. Should she warn Maggie? She didn’t know enough about it and didn’t want to say the wrong thing.
The doors swung open and Clem came in. Aden was immediately worried. She and Maggie both jumped off their stools and came forward. Maggie reached him first and took his arm. “Clem? What’s wrong?”
Aden took his other hand. He was shaking. She looked over at Maggie. “There was another victim last night.” 
Maggie took a deep breath. “Why don’t you come sit down?”
They led him to the table. 
Sam pulled out a chair. Sam’s face had wrinkled with concern. “Clem? What is it?”
Cindy came back in and Maggie called to her. “Bring some coffee over for Clem.”
Cindy grabbed the pot and Maggie turned over his cup. Cindy filled it. She looked at Maggie. “What happened?”
“I don’t know.”
Aden was worried for a very different reason. She squeezed Clem’s hand. “Where’s Michael?”
Clem took a sip of the coffee. “He had to take something to the lab.” Clem’s voice was flat.
The tingle started to crawl up her spine. Aden swallowed down her fear. She glanced at Sam. His expression chilled her. She leaned closer to Clem. “Did he tell you what’s going on?”
Clem nodded. He looked up at Sam. “It’s my fault.”
Sam frowned. “What is?”
“Henry’s truck. I’d been working on it. I must have missed something. It had stalled.” His face crumpled. He covered it with his hands and leaned forward.
Maggie put her arm around Clem’s shoulder. “You can’t blame yourself like that. That old truck breaks down almost every day.”
Cindy backed off. Aden glanced at her. Cindy’s face was pale. Aden looked over at Maggie. “Mags? You better check on Cinders.”
Maggie looked around. “Where did she go?”
“Back into the kitchen.”
Maggie got up and went into the back. Aden felt the tingle weave around her stomach. She watched Sam’s face tighten. She watched Clem struggling to get himself under control. The world seemed to be falling apart around her. She tried to keep her own fear from overwhelming her.
Clem finally sighed. He pulled his handkerchief from his back pocket and wiped his face. “I have to go tow a truck.” He drained his cup and got up.
Sam stood. “Clem.” His voice was hard and cold. “We’re going to get this thing. I promise.”
Clem looked at Sam and then at Aden. She could tell he was still battling for control. He just nodded and walked out.
Cindy and Maggie emerged from the back. Cindy looked around and turned to Maggie. “I guess he left.” She grinned. “You two look good together.”
Maggie gasped. “Cindy!”
“What? It’s the truth. Do you know he watches you when you come in?”
Maggie looked away. “I’m sure Jimmy must have my car gassed up by now.”
Cindy grabbed Maggie’s arm. “Mags, it’s been fourteen years. Why is it so bad that a sweet guy like Clem takes an interest in you?”
Maggie’s cheeks flushed. Aden’s heart felt tight. She wanted to go give Maggie a hug. Maggie just shook her head. “I have to go.” Her voice shook. She pushed out through the doors.
Sam collapsed back into his seat. He shook his head. “It’s not Clem’s fault. It’s mine.”
Aden turned to him. “Why do you think that?”
He looked up at her. “I never checked to make sure he’d been warned.”
Cindy came and picked up Sam’s plate. “That’s stupid. Everybody knows what’s going on.” She took the plates toward the kitchen but paused at the counter. “Are you going to eat those cold or should I warm them up?” Her voice was cool.
Aden swallowed hard. “I honestly don’t think I can eat them at all.”
Cindy shrugged and picked up the plate, added it to the stack, and went through the service doors.
Sam frowned. “Aden. You’ve got to eat.”
Aden heard footsteps coming down the stairs. “I second that motion.” Annie came over to the table and put an arm around her shoulders. “Darlin', you’re going to blow away in the next stiff breeze.” She looked at Sam. “What are you faulting yourself for this time?”
Aden tensed. She put her arm around Annie. “It’s Henry.”
Annie leaned heavily on her. “No.” Sam got up and came to her other side. He pulled Annie into his arms and held her. Annie leaned on him. “It got him, didn’t it.”
Sam buried his face in her shoulder. “I’m going to stop it, Annie. I promise.” They both cried together.
Aden backed up to give them space. She didn’t know what to do. She was worried about the promise that Sam kept making. It went against everything she’d been taught, not only in school, but by her father. A law officer’s job was not to judge but to bring in the criminal. It was the court’s responsibility to do the rest.
The outer doors opened again and Jack came in. He stopped by the door and looked around. He stared at Sam and Annie for a moment then looked at Aden.
Aden gave him a warning glare which he ignored. He started toward Sam. Aden moved to intercept him. She dropped her voice. “Jack, now is not a good time.”
He seemed to pout. “The tow truck driver brought in another vehicle. I kind of got the feeling by what he said that there had been another attack.”
Aden hoped Jack hadn’t upset Clem more than he already was. She wasn’t about to let him mess with Sam right now.
“Aden.” Sam’s voice made her shiver. “Let him pass.”
Aden turned around as Jack pushed past her. Annie was already moving toward the kitchen. Sam’s expression was grim. “All right, Jack. How do we stop this thing?”
“The first thing we need to do is figure out where the Beast is holding up for the day. It can’t stand the light so it needs a dark spot to hide.”
Sam nodded. “Daniel has all the maps. Let’s go over to the office. I’ll call him and tell him to meet us there.” They started for the door. Sam stopped and looked back at Aden. “Are you coming?”
Aden wanted to say no. “Do I have a choice?” She followed them out the door.
Aden walked behind them to the office, listening to Jack describe his twisted ideas of hunting vampires to Sam. She couldn’t believe Sam would actually take all that seriously.
Daniel and Joseph met them at the door. Sam looked at Daniel as they entered the office. “Where have you been hiding?”
“Getting an earful from Mrs. Friedmont.”
Aden was surprised. “Is she still around?”
Daniel chuckled. “Older than dirt and still as nosy. But you might be able to solve the current mystery, since it revolves around your house.”
Aden rolled her eyes. “Oh, this should be good.”
“It seems a sinister-looking white van driven by an evil-looking man unloaded a stack of strange boxes at your house very early this morning.” Daniel’s creepy tone made her shudder. “Then it disappeared and birds started to sing again.”
Aden grinned and flicked him on the arm. “Knock it off. There’s nothing sinister or evil about it.” She glanced at Sam. This might bring a little reality to the discussion. “That was someone from the CDC.” She let that sink in. “Michael has called for some extra help. The not-evil-at-all man that dropped off the equipment said that if Michael couldn’t contain the problem, the white suit brigade would be called in.”
Sam stared at her. “Why didn’t you mention that sooner?”
“I did mention it but I don't think you were doing well at the time.”
Sam turned to Jack. “We’ve got to bring that thing down now.”
Aden gasped. “Sam! Didn’t you just hear what I said?”
“I heard.” He moved toward the back of the room and unlocked the gun cabinet. He pulled out one of the assault rifles. “We’re going after this thing in daylight, where we have the advantage. That Beast killed Henry. I’m not just going to sit here and wait for it to take another.” He looked at Daniel. “Pull the map and add a point about a quarter mile up the west valley road.”
Aden felt the tingle reach icy tendrils around her lungs. “Sam, we can’t just go hunt Duval down like an animal. That’s not how the law works. We have to go by the book.”
Sam turned on her, his face like dark stone. “Is there a section in the book on how to deal with vampires? I must have missed that one? Or maybe you have an updated copy.” He set the butt of the gun down on the desk. “That thing has taken five victims on my watch and I’ll be damned if I’m going to let it take another.”
Joseph went to Sam and put a hand on his arm. “You’re not thinking clearly. You’re letting anger cloud your judgment.”
Sam turned to face Joseph. “I’m responsible for the safety of the residents of this community. I can’t just sit here and do nothing.” He looked at Jack. “I don’t have a flame thrower.” He patted the gun. “But the ammo for this explodes on contact. You saw what it did to the deer Aden hit last night? We hit that thing with this, it won’t have enough pieces left to be able to reassemble itself.”
Joseph sighed and shook his head. “You’re acting out of anger instead of thinking clearly. I won’t have any part of this.” He turned toward the door.
Sam scowled. “Fine. Run back to the boat. Go out and hide from the world with your brother.”
Joseph shook his head and went out the door.
Aden struggled to breathe. She looked at Daniel. He was staring at the map. She looked at Jack. He was holding one of the explosive tipped rounds, obviously impressed. She focused on Sam. “We tried to hit him with that last night. Remember? You blew a tree to hell and I splattered a deer.”
Sam grinned. “But it was dark.” He pointed to the window. “We’ve got the sun on our side now. The Beast doesn’t like light. Remember?”
She didn’t like the rising tone of his voice. Everything in her screamed that this was wrong. She walked up and put a hand on the gun. She leaned close and dropped her voice. “What I remember is the lecture my father gave to me the first time I saw this weapon. This is for show and last resort. It bothered me yesterday. Today, it terrifies me.”
Sam’s gaze didn’t waver. “Then you can stay in the office.” He got up and started to turn away.
She grabbed his arm. “Don’t do this. We don’t know enough about this virus. It was in Duval’s blood. Think about that deer and how it splattered. You’re putting yourself and others at risk.”
He pulled away. “I’m doing what I have to do to keep the people of this community safe.”
“Are you? Or is this just revenge?”
He whirled around and smacked the butt down on the desk so hard everything on the top shook. “Don’t you dare judge me. I seem to recall you know a few things about revenge.”
Aden felt the tingling tendrils pull tight. She knew what his comment was referring to. “We’re not talking about a barn. We’re dealing with a criminally insane murderer carrying a deadly virus.”
Daniel came toward them. “Dad?”
Sam ignored him. He leaned forward and stared at Aden. “Sometimes we have to do things the hard way.” 
Aden backed up a step. “You won’t listen to Joseph, and you certainly don’t seem to want my advice.” She pulled the badge off her shirt and dropped it on the desk. Her throat closed and refused to let anymore words out. She turned and walked toward the door.
“Fine! Walk away! You can take your fancy doctor with you. We don’t need him and his chemistry set. I’ve got Jack and Daniel to help me.”
Aden didn’t stop. She saw the reflection of Daniel’s face in the window. He looked startled. She managed to swallow the knot in her throat. “Good Luck.”
* * *

Michael saw Aden come out the door of the office and picked up his pace. He could tell she was upset. Aden stepped off the porch and he caught her in his arms. 
She gasped. “Michael! What are you doing here?”
He kept his arms around her. “I was actually coming to find Clem. Are you okay?”
Aden leaned her head against his shoulder. “Sam has lost it. I don’t know what to do.”
Michael held her close. “Tell me what’s going on.”
She started to explain it but was distracted. He turned to see what she was staring at. Annie was following Joseph toward his truck, swatting him with her towel. Michael couldn’t tell what Joseph was carrying. “What in the world?” Then he realized it was a duffel bag. Michael had to grin. “How long have those two been a couple?”
Aden gave him a sideways glance. “What do you know that I don’t?” Aden gently pulled away from him. “I have to see what’s going on.”
Michael let Aden go but followed her. As they got close, he could hear the strain in Annie’s voice. 
Annie hit Joseph with the towel again. “What kind of friend turns his back and runs? You tell me that!”
Joseph turned around as she flicked the towel again and deftly caught it. “That’s enough, Annie.” His voice was gentle but firm.
Annie let go of the towel, covered her face with her hands, and went back inside the café.
Aden watched her go then turned to Joseph. “Are you leaving?” Her voice trembled.
Joseph sighed. “Paul called me yesterday. He wanted me to come back and help him with the boat. I told him I couldn’t at the time, but now, I don’t seem to be able to get anything through to Sam. I don’t see much point in staying.”
Aden’s shoulders slumped. “I know what you mean.”
Michael heard the crunch of gravel and turned to see Daniel jogging toward them. His face looked pale. He slowed down and stopped a few paces away. He was shaking. “What is wrong with him? He’s gone crazy. He won’t listen to anything. Except Jack.” Daniel looked down at the ground.
Aden tensed. “I thought you agreed with him. Change of heart?”
Daniel didn’t look up. “You never did tell anyone the truth about Old Man Kreager’s barn, did you?”
Michael couldn’t tell if Aden was laughing or crying. She put a hand on Daniel’s arm. “No. I didn’t.” She grinned. “Besides, it would have fallen down anyway. You just helped it a little.”
Daniel still didn’t look up. “But you took the blame for it.”
“Under the circumstances.” She sighed deeply. “Dan, that was a long time ago. I can’t believe your dad actually dragged that up.”
Daniel finally looked up. Michael could see the trails of dampness beside his eyes. “What’s wrong with him?”
Michael wondered if Daniel could handle the truth. “He’s acting like a sociopath.”
Daniel turned to Michael. His face scrunched into a scowl. “What’s that? Some kind of disease?”
Michael ignored Aden’s glance. “No. It’s a personality disorder that involves antisocial impulsive behaviors. It includes a disregard for the law and ignoring things like social standards and the rights of others.”
Daniel turned back to Aden. “You know what I hate most about doctors? They always have to make things sound so complicated.” He sighed. “But that pretty much sums it up.”
Joseph put a hand on Daniel’s shoulder. “In some ways, it is like a disease. If it goes untreated, it just gets worse.” He looked over at Michael. “We have to help him.”
Aden looked relieved. “Then you’ll stay?”
Joseph nodded. “We can’t let Sam stumble through the sand. We have to help him up. Dust him off. Get him back on the wall.”
Michael thought back to Joseph’s conversation with Daniel about sand. It was an interesting metaphor.
Joseph put his arm around Daniel’s shoulders. “Thanks for making me pay attention.” They moved to the porch of the café and sat together on the steps.
Aden grabbed her side. “Oh, now what?”
Michael froze. “Are you okay?”
Aden was digging at her side. She pulled something out of her pocket. Michael relaxed. It was just her phone. He had to stop jumping like that.
Aden answered it. “Sarah? Whoa! Slow down!”
Michael grinned. He remembered all too well how fast Sarah tended to talk when she was excited. He stepped a little closer so he could hear Sarah’s chatter.
Aden leaned on him. “I don’t know yet. Between you and Diana, I’d almost rather not.”
Sarah sounded disappointed. “Oh, but guess what! You’ll never believe who I ran into yesterday.”
Aden sighed. “I don’t really have time,”
Sarah giggled. “It was Mr. Kingston! He asked about you. I guess you haven’t called him. He wanted to know when you were coming back. I guess the people who took over your claims aren’t as good as you.”
Michael felt Aden tense. “Why do you say that?”
“Just Mr. Kingston. He seemed really uptight. I guess you’re like a light bulb joke. You know, how many regular claims adjusters does it take to screw in a light bulb that usually only takes Aden?”
Michael put his arms around her. She had always been an over achiever. It didn’t surprise him at all that she was missed. He closed his eyes. What if she had to leave? He didn’t want her to lose her job like he had lost his.
Aden shuddered. “Sarah, it’s not just that. There’s kind of a situation right now.”
“Situation?” Sarah’s voice seemed to stutter over the phone. “Like what?”
“Like I’m trying to sort out a serial killer from a dangerous virus before either takes over my home town.”
Sarah gasped so hard the connection crackled. “You never joke!” There was a pause and another gasp. “You’re not joking, are you?”
“No.” Aden’s tone was shaky. “Look, I have to go.” Aden motioned toward the café steps. Michael looked up and saw Daniel and Joseph had parted. Joseph was standing there, as if waiting to talk to them. Michael looked around and noticed Daniel was walking toward the office.
Sarah was still rattling on. He could hear the panic rising in her voice. “You have to get out of there! Call in someone else. The National Guard or something!”
Michael hoped it didn’t come to that. He started to let Aden go but she clung to him. He hugged her.
Aden trembled in his arms. “Sarah, just tell Mark I’ll call him. Okay? I really do have to go.” She managed to say good-bye and disconnect.
Michael closed his eyes. He felt the trickle of moisture slip down the side of his face. He didn’t want to let go of her. He relaxed his arms and forced them to release Aden. He swallowed hard and struggled to get his voice under control before he spoke. “When do you have to  leave?”
Aden looked up at him. “What?” Her face was intense. “Leave?” Aden backed up a step. She was breathing hard. “This is like a bad rerun.”
His heartbeat vibrated through his entire body. It was almost the exact question he’d asked when she told him about the internship in Chicago. He forced his lungs to draw air. “I don’t want you to lose your job.” His throat closed. He couldn’t finish his thought.
She was studying his face. “I’m sorry. Maybe it would have been better if you hadn’t come. You’d still have your job.” Aden’s face tightened. She started to turn away.
Michael felt as though his world was shattering. “Then why did you call me?” He hadn’t meant to shout.
She whirled back to face him. “Because I remembered how dedicated you were. How many hours did you put into that project? I thought if anyone could identify an animal bite, it would be you.” Her voice had risen to a shrill.
Michael backed up a step and almost stumbled. A strong hand caught him. He turned to find Joseph at his side. Joseph shook his head. “There’s too much sand flying around town today.” His quiet voice calmed Michael. “Breathe.”
Michael forced his lungs to cooperate.
Joseph turned to Aden. “Why did you call Michael?” His tone was very soft.
“Because I remembered the project he’d done, all the pictures we’d scanned. When Sam suggested it had been an animal attack, it just came to mind.”
He turned to Michael. “And why did you come to Sweetvale?”
Michael swallowed hard. He was looking at the real reason. Aden didn’t look up. He felt foolish. “Aden sent me some photos. I couldn’t tell what I was looking at. When she said they needed to know soon and didn’t have any one who could help, I offered to come.”
Joseph raised an eyebrow at him. Did Joseph know? He put a hand on each of their arms. “You were both reacting to stimuli without thinking things through. Neither of you were paying attention. You didn’t think ahead to the consequences of your decisions. Now you’re facing them.”
Michael could see Aden struggling. He wanted to take her in his arms and hold her but he was afraid of the reaction he might get.
Joseph sighed. “This is where your fear is coming from. You’re beginning to see the consequences. You both need to pay attention. The choices you make not only impact you as an individual, they impact both of you as a couple.”
Aden looked up at him. “I know how much this scares you. I’m sorry I dragged you into this. If you want to leave,”
Michael couldn’t stand it any longer. He moved forward and pulled her into his arms. “I’m not leaving. I can’t.” His throat started to constrict. “Even if you have to. I have to stay here. If I back out, George will have a team in here within hours and this place really will end up as a ghost town.”
He could feel her crying. She clung to him. “I know he’s acting stupid but I can’t abandon Sam. My father couldn’t and neither can I.”
Michael didn’t understand all of it. He pulled her face up. “I don’t know everything that’s going on yet, but whatever it is, I’m not walking away from you.”
Her eyes closed and she stiffened. Michael’s chest tightened. He’d said the wrong thing. He could tell. “Aden?”
She started to turn away. He closed his eyes. She gasped. Aden grabbed his arm. “Michael?” She pointed toward the fire station and kept her voice low. “I’m concerned about Clem.”
Michael glanced in the direction she was pointing. Clem was leaning against the wall. It looked like he was having trouble breathing. Michael forced the panic down. He looked at Aden. “Stay here. I have to go see what’s up with Clem.”
Her face reflected the fear he was feeling. She struggled to swallow. “How does the virus move?”
“I’m still not completely sure on that. I’m hoping it’s just through the saliva.” He heard Clem coughing. He pulled Aden close and she clung to him for a moment.
She steadied herself and let him go. She reached up and caressed his cheek. “Please be careful.”
“I will.” He kissed her lightly. Michael looked toward the fire station. Clem was doubled over. Michael let go of Aden and started running. He heard other footsteps behind him and looked back over his shoulder. Joseph and Aden were both following. He paused. “No! Stay back!”
He saw Joseph catch Aden and pull her to a stop. She struggled but Joseph held her firmly. “Aden. Listen to Michael. He knows what he’s doing.”
Michael turned back toward Clem. He was out of breath by the time he got there. Clem’s face was pale and he looked ill. Michael’s concern turned to dread. “Clem!” He couldn’t manage more until his starving lungs were satisfied. He grabbed Clem by the shoulders to keep him from falling.
Clem looked up at him. “Remember what we were talking about on the way back? Well, I went in to check on the contents of the drawers.” His body trembled. “Oh, man. It’s pretty nasty.”
“Are you okay?” Michael began assessing Clem’s condition. He touched Clem’s face. He was hot and sweaty. “How do you feel?”
Clem tried to smile. “I’m better without my stomach whining at me.”
Michael glanced over at a pile of green slime on the ground. “Let’s get you inside.” He moved toward the smaller door.
Clem grabbed his arm. “It’s not what you think. I usually don’t have a weak stomach but whatever it is in there is over the top.” Clem unlocked the door and they went in.
Michael put an arm around Clem to support him. “I think we should stop off here and visit your rolling office.”
Clem shook his head. He grabbed Michael’s arm. “It’s the drawers, man. I just couldn’t handle it.”
Michael started to move toward the back door but Clem hung on. “I warn you. You better suit up. The extra suit you gave me is hanging outside the door.”
Michael surveyed Clem to assure himself that the medic wasn’t going to fall over dead while he was gone. “Why don’t you sit down and rest while I go have a look.”
Clem patted Michael’s arm. “I’m doing better. Honest. I won’t make you face that mess alone.” He pulled Michael toward the back door. 
They came into the hallway and Michael noticed a bad odor. “What’s that smell?”
“I turned on the ceiling fans. It was worse before.”
Michael wondered if that was a good idea. He noticed the white suit, stark against the gray concrete walls. Clem’s was laying in a heap on the floor. He looked over at Clem and noticed the beads of sweat were gone. He sighed with relieve. “These suits have a cooling fan in them, you know.”
Clem looked at him. “Really? You’ll have to show me that nifty feature.”
They slipped into the suits. Michael prepared himself for whatever was waiting in the morgue.
Clem led the way. He went to the first drawer and pulled it open. He turned to Michael. “Brace yourself.” His voice sounded alien through the ventilator.
Michael unzipped the bag and pulled it open. He dropped it again quickly and almost broke his rule about not puking in the white suit. “What the hell?”
Clem grabbed his arm. “You okay, Doc?”
Michael managed to nod. He got his stomach to stop rolling and risked another glance, striving to reach the clinical mode.
The remains in the bag were covered in milky white pus that seemed to emanate from an extended mass on the shoulder wound. The rest of the body had decomposed under the slimy coating. He had never seen anything like this and it didn’t match what he knew of any virus family. There had to be something else going on.
He rezipped the bag and closed the drawer. He motioned to the door. They stepped out of the morgue and pealed out of the white suits.
Clem sank onto a bench by the wall. Michael collapsed next to him. “That is just wrong.”
“Couldn’t have said it better myself.” Clem turned to look at him while still keeping his head against the wall. “What the hell is going on?”
Michael swallowed hard. “I’m not sure. I’ll pull a culture sample from each of them later.” He closed his eyes. “After I empty my stomach contents.” He couldn’t hold them down any longer. He pushed away from the wall and made it out the back door. His gut heaved and he relinquished what little he’d eaten and then some. Michael wiped his mouth. He hadn’t done that in a while.
He felt hands on his arms. Clem was holding him upright. “Doc, you really don’t want to face plant in that.”
“Not really.” Michael let Clem help him up. The sunlight and clean air felt good. “How about we just stay out here?”
Clem grinned. “Follow me.” He led the way around the back of the fire station to a brick patio where a picnic table sat near an outdoor fireplace. “We used to barbecue out here. It was kind of a joke.”
Michael started to laugh but ended up choking. He had to lean over the low wall and heave again. By the time he was done, he was shaking so hard he could hardly move.
Clem helped him to the picnic table. “I know how you feel. That’s where I was at when you found me.” His face became serious. “Are we going to go out like that?”
Michael thought about the samples in the lab and closed his eyes. “Not if I can help it.”
Clem’s face tightened. He looked down at his hands. “Could I be infected?”
“I don’t think so but I can test you if you’re worried.”
“I’d feel better.” He kept staring at his hands. “I ruptured a glove.” His voice was quiet.
Michael took his hands. “I don’t see any open scratches.” He looked up at Clem. “How do you feel?”
Clem met his gaze. “Do you want an honest answer to that?”
They walked down the alley between the fire station and the old building. Michael paused at the corner. He didn’t see anyone. “I wonder where Aden and Joseph went? I wanted to let them know you’re still breathing.”
Clem pulled out his radio and pressed the key. “Rescue 1 to Tall Man.”
There was a slight pause. The radio crackled. Joseph answered. “What’s your status?”
“On hold but better. We’re in route to the lab. Relieve the deputy’s mind, okay?”
“Copy that.” Joseph signed off.
They went to the house and Michael led Clem down into the lab. “Watch out for the crates. I’ll have to restack these later.”
Clem whistled. “They pack in real boxes.” He followed Michael into the packing room. “Wow! Look at all these new toys!”
Michael looked around the room at all the equipment George had helped him set up early that morning. He moved to the main work area. “This STEM is a little more powerful than your microscope.”
Clem ran his hand across the shiny blue surface of the main unit. “This is something. Didn’t know they made these so compact. The last one I saw filled a room.”
“It’s the magic of digital technology. You can now have a scanning transmission electron microscope that can sit on a desk.” Michael reached for a stick kit and handed it to Clem. “Let’s start by relieving your mind.”
Clem stuck his finger and let a drop fall on a slide that Michael held out. Michael prepped the slide and stuck it in the unit. He hit the button to start the pump. “It will take a few minutes to evac the air.” He woke up the computer. “But take a look at these. George and I looked at some of the samples I’d taken yesterday.”
He brought up the files on the screen. Clem leaned on the bench. “How big are those little worms?”
Michael chuckled. “Well, as far as viruses go, pretty big. They’re about forty nanometers.”
“I can’t think that small.”
The unit beeped. “Vacuum achieved. Let’s take a look at your blood.” Michael opened the control program and activated the current view. The screen was filled with a collection of round and oval gray shapes.
Clem was shaking. “What’s the verdict?” 
Michael moved through the sample. He pointed at the various forms. “Those are platelets and those are T-cells. Look at that. You even have a macrophage running around.”
“I got a wizard in my blood?”
Michael laughed. “Nope. He’s more like a patrolman, out on his rounds. You’ve got a healthy immune system.” He turned to look at Clem. “And no virus.”
Clem sighed. “That’s a relief.”
Michael patted him on the shoulder. “Considering what we just found in the morgue, I want to take a look at one of the samples I’ve been watching.” He moved to the new refrigerated containment unit and pulled out a set. He looked down into the sample box and shuddered. It was still growing.
Clem had been looking around at the new items on the benches. “This is quite a chemistry set.”
“George set me up good.” Michael released the pressure on the STEM and swapped the samples. He hit the button. “You know what the scariest thing about this virus is?”
“What’s that?”
“It can survive a vacuum. This virus sample is still alive even after being in the STEM earlier today.”
“It shouldn’t do that, should it?”
Michael sank down onto the stool. “No.” He pointed to the sample of Clem’s blood. “This is dead now. Blood can survive some time outside of the body but once it’s been in a vacuum, it’s toast.” He dropped the slide into the used box. The machine beeped. “Let’s have a look.” He hit the current view.
Clem leaned over his shoulder. He gasped. “It’s moving!”
Michael glanced over at the monitor. “What the hell?”
Clem grabbed his arm. “They weren’t moving before?”
“They were moving, but there weren’t that many.” Michael began scanning the sample. “There must be millions of them.”
Clem leaned his arms on the counter and rested his head on them. He was trembling. “Please tell me we aren’t going to end up like what’s over in the morgue.” His voice was shaking.
Michael went to Clem’s side. “Hey, come on, man. I’m doing the best I can here.” He touched Clem’s shoulder and realized he was crying. “Clem?”
He heard footsteps hurrying down the stairs. Joseph came around the corner and stopped. His eyes went wide. “Is Clem all right?”
Michael patted Clem on the shoulder. “Army, you better crawl out before you give yourself another patient.”
Clem looked up and followed Michael’s point. “Joe? Sorry, man. Is Sam doing okay?”
Joseph came forward. “Aden has been keeping him under control. Jack has been a little challenging. Daniel looks lost. But at least we’ve kept him here all day.” He came in the lab and put a hand on Clem’s arm. “And you? I was a little worry when I got your last message.”
Michael and Clem both sighed and Clem laughed. “Relief in unison.” He clapped Joseph on the arm. “It looks like you'll have to put up with me a little longer.”
Michael glanced at the screen. He rushed back to the counter and moved the view.
Joseph followed. “What is that?”
Michael captured an image. “It’s a virus bud. I just don’t get it. This sample has increased ten fold since this morning. It shouldn’t be able to do that. What the heck is it using for energy?”
Joseph frowned. “Some of what Jack is saying is worrying me.”
Clem came closer. “Like what, Joe?”
“He claims the Beast will need to feed again soon because of how much damage we did to it yesterday.”
Michael turned and looked at Joseph. “The Beast?”
Joseph shrugged. “From what I’ve seen and heard, that’s a pretty appropriate title.”
Michael crossed his arms. It prevented him from reaching out and slapping the man. “Duval is not a beast. He’s not a vampire or the host of a demon. He is a man infected by a very serious virus that I’m still trying to identify.”
Joseph looked down. “Forgive me. I’ve spent the day listening to Jack.” He took a deep breath. “I lost sight of reality for a moment.” He pointed at the monitor. “This is the virus?”
Michael turned back to the screen. He felt his gut tighten. The virus bud was huge. It began to undulate and then it burst. Virions came pouring out. “That’s insane!” He moved the view across the host cell, looking for the nucleus. “I don’t get it.”
Clem leaned over Joseph’s shoulder. “What?”
“The nucleus is unaffected. None of this makes any sense.” He kept moving through the sample. The virions were packed tight around the cells.
Clem pointed to the screen. “That’s another bud, isn’t it?”
Michael stopped and enlarged the view. “It’s another one. I just can’t figure out where the virus is reproducing.” He found the nucleus of that cell. It was normal, too. He searched through the cell, struggling to find where the virions were being produced.
Clem moved around to Michael’s other side. “There are so many of them outside the cells but I don’t see any on the inside. How do they get in there?”
“I don’t know, Clem. This is some of that living epidermis off the first motorist. Maybe the virus uses a blood base cell for transport.”
Clem swallowed loudly. “You mean, this is like an army getting ready for the vehicles to pick it up?”
“Something like that.” Michael moved to another cell. It too was budding. “I don’t understand this. It just keeps multiplying.”
“What if we can’t stop it?” Clem’s voice was a bare whisper.
Michael’s gut was clenched tight. That was his biggest fear. They were running out of time.
Joseph backed away from the bench and took several deep breaths. Clem moved quickly to his side. “Are you okay, Joe?”
Joseph opened his eyes. “I’m better now. I had to get my fear under control. Fear is important in its own way. It is a natural response to warn us of danger. To deal with the danger and overcome the fear, we have to understand the danger.” He looked at Michael. “I don’t understand what a virus is. Is it alive?”
Michael stretched his back. “Now there’s an ongoing debate. According to the current definition of life, no. It doesn’t have a cellular structure like other living things. It has a protein coat around some loose strands of either DNA or RNA.”
“I’ve heard the terms but I’m not sure what they are.”
“Complex proteins that carry the blueprints for their organism. Every living thing has its own unique set. A typical DNA strand has two intertwined helices of amino acid pairs. The DNA makes up genes which make up chromosomes. When a cell divides, it duplicates the chromosomes so that the new cell is identical to the old one.”
“So how does a virus fit in?”
Michael turned back to the screen in time to see yet another virus bud pop. “Each of these little worm-like shapes is a virion. It’s a little virus packet. The protein coat has a special signature that only matches up with a receptor on certain cells. That’s how a virus gets in. Depending on the type of virus it is, it either directly inserts it’s DNA into the chromosomes or it creates messenger RNA that allows for replication outside of the nucleus.” Michael moved through the cell again. “But I’m not seeing signs of either.”
Joseph leaned on the counter and looked at the monitor. “So the virus is altering the code of the cell.”
Michael turned and stared at Joseph. “I suppose you could think of it that way.”
Clem gasped. “I can’t believe how many of those things just came out of there.”
Michael looked back at the monitor. The host cell was surrounded by struggling virions. “May viruses kill their host cells but this virus doesn’t. I can’t figure out what’s keeping it alive.”
Joseph picked up an empty slide that Michael had left on the counter earlier. He tapped the thin sheet of glass against his finger. “All things have specific patterns. Even non-living ones have chemical formulas and crystal lattices.” He handed the slide to Michael.
Michael looked at the slide, wondering what Joseph was getting at. “Structure is universal.”
“Exactly. Living things have energy patterns that interact with other energy patterns. Our senses are tuned to them. Our eyes are designed to see light. Our ears are designed to hear sound. We take in a wealth of energy codes constantly, some of which we retain in our own form of code we call memories.”
Michael went to the nucleus of a cell and enlarged the view as much as he could. The chromosomes didn’t look like much, even with this resolution. “In a way, DNA is like the memory of a cell. A virus, by inserting its own DNA, is altering the cell’s memory.”
Joseph looked at him. “We change our memories all the time. Whenever we come across something new that connects to something we already know, we recode that part of our memory. Sometimes that leads to spontaneous new thoughts unrelated to the original stimuli.”
Clem tapped Michael on the arm. “That’s all quite fascinating but I think you should have a look. Something is going on.”
Michael looked at the screen. All of the cells seemed to be rippling. “Wow. I’ve never seen anything like that before.” As he watched, the cells began to rupture, spilling cytoplasm into the intracellular space. The virions exploded as the cytoplasm hit them. Michael backed out the view. The entire sample was motionless.
Clem gasped. “It’s dead!”
Michael hit the button on the STEM and waited for the vacuum seal to release. He pulled out the slide. It was covered in white slime! “This is what happened in the morgue.” He looked at Clem. “The virus does have limits!”
* * *

Aden stared at Sam. “I give up. You still aren’t listening. I’m done!” She grabbed her coat and moved toward the door.
Sam put the explosive-tipped bullets on his desk. “I’m going to use a standard rifle. I’m not talking about the assault rifle.”
Aden opened the door. “It doesn’t matter.”
Daniel rose from his chair. “Aden?”
She didn’t look back. She’d spent the past couple of hours trying to get Sam to calm down. Every time she thought she had things under control, Jack had stirred him up again.
She stood on the porch and drew in deep lungfuls of air. The evening sky was a colorful array of crimson clouds stacked up on the western horizon. She stuck her hands in her coat pockets. Her fingers felt the edge of the metal. She sighed. She’d taken it back but hadn’t put it on. She wasn’t planning to.
She looked toward the house. Someone was headed down the street. It looked like Joseph. She wondered how Michael was doing.
The sound of a banging door distracted her. She turned toward the café. Annie had just come out. She was lugging a large black bag toward the dumpster that sat between the café and Clem’s shop. Aden froze. She could see a form crouched in the shadows near the dumpster.
She began running, shouting at the same time. “Annie! Drop the bag! Get back inside!”
Annie stopped and looked at her, confused. “Aden? It’s just garbage.”
Aden heard Sam’s shout. She stopped and crouched. Sam came up behind her. “Annie! It’s Duval! Get back inside!”
Annie finally understood. She started to turn but Duval came out of the shadows by the dumpster and growled. Annie screamed.
The door of the café opened and Cindy came out on the porch. “Mom! Are you all right?”
Annie had turned to faced Duval, holding the bag of trash up like a shield. Duval swiped at it and shredded the bag sending the contents flying. She screamed again.
Aden felt Sam lean against her shoulder. She heard the bolt slide home. He shouted at Duval. “Get away from her, Beast!” Aden could see the barrel of the gun next to her face and put a hand up to plug that ear. Sam was breathing hard. “Damn! I can’t get a clear shot! Annie! Get the hell away from that thing.”
Joseph came running down the street and grabbed Annie around the waist, pulling her out of the way.
Sam fired. The bullet hit Duval in the shoulder. Bits of bone and burnt flesh sprayed across the dumpster. He howled and jumped behind the bin. Sam got up and moved toward him, the gun stock resting along his hip. “Come on out, you bastard. I’m going to blow you back to hell!”
Aden sprang up. “Wait, Sam!” She was a few paces behind him when the dumpster heaved over and slammed into him. She saw it coming and threw herself forward. She landed a few feet away from Sam’s rifle. She looked back. Sam was just barely visible under the dumpster. “Sam!”
“Aden, look out!” Joseph pushed Annie toward the café porch and headed back to help Aden.
Aden looked up and saw Duval coming for her. She rolled, grabbed the rifle, and pumped the lever in rapid secession, emptying the chamber into him. He screamed and jerked in agony as the explosive bullets ripped into his body. Gore flew everywhere. Duval hit the ground, lay withering for a moment, then rolled over and crawled away into the shadows.
Joseph knelt beside her. “Aden, are you okay?”
“I’m fine. Sam needs help.”
She rolled over and noticed Daniel and Jack had come out. They ran toward her. Daniel got to her first and fell to his knees. “Aden.”
“Go help Joseph with your dad.” It’s all she could manage. She was still trying to slow down her pounding heart.
She could hear Clem shouting and then Michael was beside her. “Aden? Can you move?” He helped her into a sitting position.
She clung to him for a moment to get her balance. “I’m okay. How’s Sam?”
She saw him look toward the others. “They’ve got him out. Are you sure you’re okay?” 
“I’m sure.” 
He helped her to her feet. Michael ran his hands along her body. “You didn’t get any of the splatter on you, did you?”
“I didn’t feel any. Why?”
“It’s pretty dangerous stuff.” He turned to see what was happening by the dumpster. “I’d better go give Clem a hand.” He turned back to her. “You’re sure you’re all right?”
Aden swallowed hard. She was still shaking. “I’ll be okay. Go ahead.”
Michael went over to where Clem was examining Sam.
Aden glanced at Jack. He had a wooden stake out and was prowling along the edge of the lighted area. “Jack! Don’t you dare go out there alone!”
Jack turned to her. “Now he’s even more dangerous. He’ll need to feed.”
Aden shook her head. Duval had just survived six explosive-tipped bullets. That shouldn’t even be possible. She heard Sam cursing and went over to where Clem and Michael were trying to assess the damage done by the dumpster.
Michael had his hands on Sam’s bare chest. “You’ve got some broken ribs, Sam. You’ve got to let Clem take you down to the hospital.”
Sam tried to push him away but grimaced in pain. Clem had a med box beside him and was trying to take his blood pressure. “Sit still, will ya?”
Sam kept fighting back. Daniel put a hand on his shoulder. “Dad, relax. Let Clem do his job.”
Sam wheezed. “I’m not going to leave this town unprotected.”
Joseph knelt beside him. “Sam.” He took Sam’s hand in his own. “I understand now what we’re fighting. This isn’t something you can face alone, especially if you’re injured. You’ve got to let Clem and Michael care for you.”
Sam looked up. Aden could see the shine of tears in his eyes. “We’ve got to stop the Beast.”
Joseph nodded. “And we will. I’ve seen what Michael is working on. You have to give him time to figure out this virus. It’s what gives Duval his power. If we can control the virus, we’ll be able to control Duval.”
Aden was relieved to hear Joseph using his name instead of calling him a thing. Michael must have got through to him.
Clem released the blood pressure cuff and looked over at Sam. “I think I’m not happy about what I’m getting. A trip to town is definitely on the agenda.”
“I’ll be fine.” Sam pulled his hand away from Joseph and tried to get up. He gasped.
Michael knelt quickly and caught him in his arms from behind. “Your body just vetoed you.” He carefully adjusted his hold to support Sam’s back. “Now you listen! You’ve got at least a half dozen broken ribs. A few of those are lined up with really important internal organs. You shove one of those broken ribs through one of those organs, and Duval wins.”
Sam closed his eyes. “The Beast has already won.”
“No he hasn’t.” Michael looked at Aden. “We’ve just started this fight.”
Joseph took Sam’s hand back. “I promise you, we’ll find a way.”
Sam opened his eyes and looked at her. “Aden?” 
She swallowed and came up to kneel on the other side of him. “I’m right here.”
“I should have listened to you. You were right.”
She sighed. “It doesn’t matter.”
He fought to grab his shirt and managed to snatch the badge off of it. He reached for her hand and found it. “You’ve got to take care of the town until I get back.”
Aden held his hand in hers. She looked at the light reflected off the surface of the badge. The bold word stood out over the symbol at the center. She didn’t want to be deputy. Why would she want to be sheriff? She met Sam’s gaze. 
There was desperation in his eyes. “I’ve never really been qualified to wear that. It was your old man’s place. Not mine.” He closed his eyes.
She looked up at Michael. He looked confused. Aden realized he had no idea what had happened between them at the office. Sam’s hand started to go limp. She looked back at him. His face looked ashen. “Clem?”
He rushed back to Sam’s side and put the stethoscope to his chest. He looked at Michael. “I’m definitely not liking this at all.”
Sam’s eyes fluttered and his hand trembled. His fingers slipped away from her, leaving the badge behind. Aden forced the panic down.
Michael struggled to keep Sam stable. He looked at Clem. “I’m going to recommend a chest wrap and back board.”
“I second the motion.” He looked up at Joseph. “Snag the keys off my belt and pull out the squad.”
Joseph grabbed the keys and ran to the fire station.
Clem looked at Michael. “Since you’ve got him elevated, support his shoulders so I can get this stretch wrap around him.”
Aden moved back out of the way so they could work. She stood up and started to tuck the badge into her pocket. 
Daniel grabbed her hand. “No, that’s not where it goes. Here.” He took the badge and pinned it on her shirt. “That’s better.”
Aden glared at Daniel. “I feel like a donkey except with a badge instead of a tail.” She shifted her attention back to Michael and Clem, who were struggling together to get the wrap tight around Sam’s chest.
Daniel leaned on her shoulder. She felt his breath on her neck. “Is he going to be okay?”
She didn’t have an answer to that. She patted him on the shoulder. “They’ll take care of him.” Her voice caught in her throat.
Clem finished off the wrap. “You got him? I’m going to grab the wheeled stretcher and board from the squad. Be right back.”
Michael looked up at her. She knew that expression. “I’m going to ride in with Clem in case there’s a problem on the way down. Are you going to be all right?” 
She was shaking. “We’ll manage.”
Clem and Joseph came with the wheeled stretcher. Michael helped load Sam onto it. After they had him in the back, Michael pulled her aside. “I missed something, didn’t I?”
She put her head on his shoulder. “Ya, the part where I told Sam to take the job and shove it.”
He closed his eyes and buried his face in her neck. “Just be careful.” He held her tightly. “We’ll be back as soon as we can.” He kissed her.
Clem cleared his throat. “You sure you want to come, Doc?”
Michael broke the kiss and put his forehead on hers. She looked into his eyes. He sighed. “I’ll call you when I know anything.”
“I’ll hope for a sacred spot.”
Michael pulled away and clapped Clem on the arm. “Let’s get going. I’ll monitor while you drive.”
“Yes, sir.” Clem winked at Aden. 
Michael got in the back and looked at her. “We’ll get through this.” 
Clem closed the door. He handed her Sam’s keys. “Don’t worry, Sheriff. I’ll have you back to deputy status in no time.” He got in. She watched the squad pull away, lights flashing.
Aden turned to look at the others. Annie and Cindy had come forward and were hanging onto each other. She turned to Daniel. “As acting sheriff, I’m going to need a deputy.”
Daniel grinned. “Didn’t we used to play this game?”
Aden didn’t want to remember the past at that moment. She looked around the group. “Any opposed to this appointment?” No one else moved. “Good.” She reached into her pocket and pulled out the deputy badge Sam had insisted she take back. She pinned it on Daniel’s shirt.
He looked down at the badge then back up at her. “Okay, Sheriff. What’s the plan?” His voice was surprisingly serious.
Jack came up. “Are we going out after the Beast?”
She stared at him. “Are you out of your mind?”
Jack held his ground. “You did a serious amount of damage to him. Maybe you couldn’t see it from where you were but he didn’t recover the way he has in the past. He’s weak. But that also means he’s going to be desperate to feed.”
 She thought about that for a moment. “Our duty is to the people first.” She turned to Daniel. “If we can’t get Duval away from the people, we’re going to get the people away from Duval. Do you remember the Big Winter Snow Dance?”
Daniel frowned. “Oh, do we have to come up with a decorative theme, too? Maybe bats and spider webs?”
She started to reprimand him then a thought occurred to her. “No, but that’s a good idea.”
Daniel looked shocked. “Which? The bats or the spider webs?”
“The lights.” She looked at Annie. “Do they still put up the big bulb lights at Christmas?”
Annie looked confused. “They haven’t done that in some time. I think they’re in a storage room over at the school.”
Cindy brightened. “I know where they are! I saw them when I went to pull some extra chairs out for the last big town meeting.”
Aden noticed Jack backing off toward the shadows. She had to find a way to keep him out of trouble, too. “Joseph, you and Jack head down to the school and grab the lights. Annie, you and Cindy can help swap out as many of the dark colors as you can for white ones. Joe, you and Jack get them strung as far as they’ll go between the café and the school. Turn on as many lights in town as you can.”
Cindy looked puzzled. “We’re really decorating?”
“Not decorating. Deterring. Duval doesn’t like light. We need that in our corner.”
Annie managed to get her words together. “What else can we do?”
“We’re about to have a whole lot of people joining us in town. Start planning a way to feed them and make them comfortable.”
Aden turned to Daniel. “Are you ready to go to work?”
“Where do we start?”
“I’ll take the east if you take the west.”
Joseph started toward the school with Jack. Daniel whistled. “You don’t want to carry all that by hand.” He tossed his keys. “Use my truck.”
Joseph caught the keys. “Thanks.” He pulled Jack toward the lot by the café.
Daniel held up his father’s rifle. “I’m thinking we should take the big guns, just to be safe.”
“Safe? Daniel. You’re not certified on an assault rifle.”
“So you can post-date my paperwork. If Duval really is that desperate, I really don’t want to be out there without some serious fire power. I know the basics. I watched you and dad last night.”
Aden sighed. “Fine. Just don’t use it unless you have to.”
They went into the office and Aden hit all the light switches, including the big flood lights mounted on the corners of the building. She went to the gun locker and brought out the assault rifles.
Daniel took his. “This is some serious fire power.”
 Aden felt uneasy. “Remember, we’re not going out to hunt Duval tonight.” She took her own gun and looked at him. “Are you sure you know how to use that?”
Daniel nodded. He took one of the ammo pouches and passed one over to her. “I remember what it did to that deer.”
She was glad to hear the respectful tone in his voice. She just hoped neither of them would need these guns. She cleared the thoughts from her mind to focus on their current task. “Don’t be shy. Wake people if they’ve already gone to bed. I want everyone down here as fast as we can. Duval tends to go for loners so make sure people stay together.” She looked at Sam’s keys then tossed them to Daniel. “Take your dad’s rig.”
He grinned at her. “There’s just something poetic about it all.”
“Like Shakespeare’s Macbeth?”
His grin faded. “Not exactly what I had in mind.”
Aden headed out of town with Daniel right behind her. She turned off the East Valley Road and Daniel kept going. She picked up the mic. “This is our first radio check. Keep a portable with you if you leave your vehicle.”
“Got it, Big A. Danny Boy clear.”
Aden couldn’t help but smile as she hung the mic back on its prongs. That had been their call names forever.
Her first stop was the Hanson place. She discovered Maggie’s car was in the driveway. Aden pulled in behind it and was surrounded by barking dogs.
Clark Hanson and his son, Peter, appeared on the porch, each holding shot guns. Aden swallowed and swung out of the rig. “Evening. Everyone okay?”
They both relaxed. Clark came forward. “Howdy, Aden. Sorry about the guns. We’re all just a little jumpy right now.” 
“With good reason.” She looked back at Maggie’s car. “How is Beth doing?”
“Maggie says it will be a few days yet. This is Bethy’s first so labor takes awhile.”
Aden still remembered when Beth was born. She’d only been a toddler the last time she’d seen her. A younger face peered around the corner of the doorway. Aden grinned then got her face under control. “Young man!”
He looked startled. Clark turned around. “Andy! What are you doing?”
He started to sneak back inside but Aden cleared her throat. She motioned him forward with a crooked finger. He came out sheepishly and stood between the men. Aden struggled not to laugh. “And who’s this?”
Clark frowned. “This is my youngest. Andy.”
Aden stepped closer. “Andy, do you realize both your father and brother have loaded guns in their hands?”
“Yes, ma’am.”
“You should never come up unannounced behind someone with a loaded gun.”
His eyes grew wide. “Yes, ma’am.” His voice shook. He looked up at his father. “Sorry, Pa.” He ducked back behind him.
Clark grinned. “Thank you, Aden. So what brings you up here tonight?”
Aden sighed. “I hate to be a bother right now, but because of an incident in town, we’ve decided to ask everyone to come down to the school for a few days until we get this guy.”
Clark’s face narrowed. “Who’d he get?”
Aden swallowed. “Henry.”
Clark swore. “Does Mabel know yet?”
Aden tried to remember who Mabel was. “I don’t think so. Sam was so upset by it all that I doubt he made any notifications.”
“Is Sam okay?”
She’d been afraid that was going to come up. “Clem and Michael are running him down to the hospital. Duval pushed a dumpster over on him and broke some of his ribs.”
Clark swore again. Peter came down off the porch. “Dumpster? Where did this happen?”
“By the café.”
“And you want us to come into town? We’d be safer up here!” His voice was shrill with fear.
“Duval has been going for solo victims. If we get everyone together in one place, you’ll be much safer.”
Andy looked around his dad’s back. “Like in the old days, when the pioneers circled the wagons?”
Aden was amused by his enthusiasm. “Ya, like that.”
Clark looked over toward his barns. “And what about the livestock?”
“You should be able to come up during the day. Duval has a virus that makes him sensitive to the light.”
Peter peered into the darkness. “You mean, he’s a vampire.”
Aden sighed. “Peter, it’s not the mythical movie type we’re dealing with. Duval is ill and the virus is making him do things that a normal person could never do. That virus could be contagious and we don’t want to risk it spreading. Please, for the safety of you and your family, come down to town.”
Clark nodded. “I’ll go tell the women and help pack up some stuff.” He turned to his sons. “Go upstairs and pull the emergency packs. You know the drill.” Peter shouldered his gun and went into the house. Andy tagged along, excited. Clark turned back to Aden. “What about Sam? Will he be okay?”
“I hope so.” She would be happy to hand that piece of metal back to him when he returned. “I have to keep going. Daniel is working the other side of the valley. We want to get everyone down in one place as soon as possible.”
Clark said good night and Aden continued on her route. She was relieved that most people made no complaints about the request. It was close to midnight by the time she pulled into the Becker driveway. She noticed all the lights were on and wondered if Mrs. Becker left them on thinking that Aaron was still coming home.
As she pulled up by the house, Jimmy came running down the front walk. He was so out of breath, she couldn’t understand what he was saying. Aden got out and put her hands on his shoulders. “Get some air into your lungs first.”
He sucked air then looked up at her. “Have you found her?”
“Who?”
“Granny! She disappeared while I was cooking dinner. I’ve looked everywhere, the house, the out buildings, even the forest around the place.”
Aden’s chest went tight. Not Mrs. Becker. She couldn’t bear the thought. She pulled out her radio and called for Daniel. “Have you finished your side?”
“I have. A lot of people have already headed into town.”
She looked over at Jimmy. “You’re going to go down to town and help out down there. I’ll find your great gran and bring her down.”
Jimmy’s eyes went wide. “There’s trouble, isn’t there? I’m not leaving without Granny.”
Aden sighed and explained the situation to Daniel. He answered back. “Try by the old foot path that leads toward the Godfry place. I don’t know why, but I’ve seen her out there a few times.”
“Thanks, Daniel.” She signed off, clipped the portable to her belt, and turned to Jimmy. “All right. If you’re coming with me, you have to promise to do exactly what I say, no matter what.”
Jimmy nodded. She pulled out her torch, the assault rifle, and a clip for it. She dropped the ring of the torch to widen the beam and handed the light to Jimmy. “We’ll keep the lights on here in case she comes back. Duval doesn’t like light.”
They hurried off toward the path Daniel had suggested. She paused as they came to the footbridge. She could hear something. Jimmy started to ask but she held up her hand. It sounded like someone singing.
Aden closed her eyes and concentrated as her father had taught her to do on her very first hunting trip. She felt the breeze, heard its movement through the needles of the trees, and turned toward the song. She opened her eyes and looked back at Jimmy. “Stay close and pay attention.”
She left the trail and moved off into the woods, focusing on the darkness beyond the light’s ring around them. The singing was getting louder. They came around a tight stand of trees and found the old woman curled into a ball in a small open meadow. Aden realized she’d been singing a lullaby.
Jimmy rushed forward and knelt beside the woman. “Granny, are you okay?”
She looked up, her white hair disheveled. “Is that you, Aaron?”
Jimmy gathered her into his arms. “Don’t worry, Granny. We’ll get you out of here.”
Aden heard the twigs snapping. She ran the last few steps and stood over Jimmy and Mrs. Becker. “Hand me up the light.” He did. She held it parallel to the gun barrel until the magnets grabbed hold. She swung the rifle slowly around them. She stopped when the bushes rattled. She saw arms go up to protect his sensitive eyes. “Jimmy, get her up and start moving back the way we came.” She kept her voice quiet and controlled.
Duval hissed but didn’t advance. Aden flipped the safety off and jammed the clip into the gun. She started backing away as Jimmy helped the old woman through the tall grass. Duval followed, staying just outside of the light.
They got back up to the path. Mrs. Becker began to complain. “I can’t go back in yet. I have to wait there for Aaron. He’s off playing with Bessy today.”
Aden didn’t take her eyes off the shadowy form. “Mrs. Becker. Everyone is down in town tonight. That’s where we need to go.”
She brightened a little. “Oh, did Aaron take Bessy down to the dance? We should hurry along.” She started pulling Jimmy back toward the house.
“Jimmy, get her into your truck and get down to town as fast as you can.”
“But what about you?”
Aden swallowed hard. “Remember what you promised me?”
“Yes, ma’am.” He helped Mrs. Becker down the pathway toward the well-lit farm house.
Aden hoped that as they got close to the lit buildings, Duval would back off. She kept the light trained as close to him as she could. Every once in awhile, she could see the gleam reflected off of his eyes. Their red tinge disturbed her.
She heard Jimmy get his granny into the truck and the truck drive off. “Okay, Duval. What’s your move?”
He’d been skirting the perimeter of the lit area around the house. He sought refuge in the shadow of the empty chicken coop. Aden backed toward the rig and pulled open the door.
Duval lunged forward. Aden fired. The chicken coop exploded. Duval howled and shrank back in terror. “Don’t like fire, do you?”
Duval snarled and yanked the wooden slat out of his side that had once been part of the coop. He turned toward her but she pointed the light directly in his face. He screamed in frustration and disappeared into the darkness beyond the blaze.
Aden heaved a sigh of relief and climbed into her rig. The radio crackled and Daniel called for her. She’d had the portable turned down. She picked up the mic and answered.
“Aden, are you okay?” Daniel’s voice was tense.
“I’ll live but I’m afraid I made fried chicken out of Mrs. Becker’s coop.” She started the SUV and pulled out of the yard. “I’ll be back down to town in a few.” She signed off.
The driveway ended and she swung out onto the road. The mug on the dash rattled in protest. There was a loud thump and something blocked her view out the front windshield. She slammed on the brakes and Duval bounced off the hood. The mug slid forward toward the window.
He rolled and came to his feet, scampered away from the headlights, and lunged toward the side of the rig. He screamed and smacked his head into the driver’s side window, shattering it.
In the close confines of the squad, Aden didn’t have much room to maneuver. She pulled the gun from the back seat and jammed the barrel into his face. He was too close to shoot without the back fire hurting her in the process.
Duval shrieked in rage and tried to reach through the broken window for her. Aden grabbed the torch and flipped it on, shinning it directly in his eyes. She saw them only for a moment. The pupils were huge black spots surrounded by red. Duval howled in pain and leapt from the door.
Aden floored the gas and peeled out on the gravel, just barely staying on the road as she turned the corner. The mug slid across the dash.
There was another crash against the side of her door. A hand reached in to grab for her. Aden swerved hard and stomped on the breaks. Duval was thrown off the running board into the bushes on the side of the road. The mug flew off the dash and crashed into something in the back seat.
She didn’t wait around to see if he’d get up. She took off down the road faster than she’d ever driven it before. Aden kept the gun in her lap, uncomfortably aware of the open window beside her.
As she rounded the last corner into town, she was relieved to see the place lit up. Every light in town was on and strings of lights dangled across the street and between buildings. There were several large bonfires blazing along the edges of town.
She slowed down and pushed the gun into the back seat. The last thing she wanted to do was frighten these people more than necessary. She felt her pocket buzz and heard the soft beep of her phone, indicating a message. She must have passed through a sacred spot.
Daniel came running up to the rig as she pulled into the space in front of the office. He swore. “What happened? Are you all right?”
Aden frowned and leaned out of the broken window. Duval had made a deep dent in the door. “Oh, that’s going to come out of my pay check.”
She got out of the rig but her legs were trembling so hard that she couldn’t walk. She covered for it by busying herself with the gun and ammo. She discovered the broken pieces of the mug. She almost lost it.
Joseph joined them. “Jimmy came down and told us what happened.” He looked at the outside of the door and whistled. “Leaves quite an impression, huh?”
Aden had finally convinced her knees not to buckle. She handed the gun to Daniel. “Let’s keep this out for tonight, just in case.” She closed the door and went into the office. Daniel and Joseph followed her in. She could tell they were full of questions. “I’ve got to check this message.”
She was relieved to hear Michael’s voice. “Hey, Aden. You must be out of sacred spot range at the moment. We got Sam down here and x-ray confirmed the broken ribs. They took him in to wire him up. I’ll call you back later.” She pressed end.
Daniel sighed. “At least he’s okay.”
Joseph was studying her. “And you?”
“One demolished chicken coop and one seriously damaged door.” She looked out through the window. “Is everyone accounted for?”
Daniel leaned on his father’s desk. “Everybody. Most of them are bedded down in the rooms of the school. The Hanson’s are in a cabin at Annie’s as are Kat and Jerry Russ and their baby.”
Joseph sat in one of the chairs. “I put Jimmy and Emma up there, too. She’ll be easier to keep an eye on that way.”
Aden collapsed into the chair by the computer. “Good idea. I definitely don’t want to have to track her down again.” She looked at the time. “I’m going to call Michael back and get an update on Sam’s condition.” The reflection of flames on the rigs outside caught her attention. “Good call on the fires, by the way. I found out that Duval definitely isn’t a pyro.”
Daniel frowned. “Are you sure you’re okay?”
Aden remembered the last time he’d asked her that. They had been rafting on the river and got dumped by some rapids. She’d almost drowned. She shut her eyes. “Just tired.”
Joseph got up and pulled Daniel toward the door. He looked back at her. “You should get some sleep. We’ve put together a watch schedule. We’ve got it covered.”
“Thanks.” She waved the phone. “After this. Then I’ll crawl up to the house and catch a few winks.”
They went out and Aden opened her phone directory. Michael’s was the top number on the call list. She hit redial. His voice was muffled when he answered. “Aden, is that you?”
Every muscle in her body relaxed. “Sorry to wake you. I just wanted to see how things were going.”
Michael chuckled softly. “Sam is definitely a test of bedside manner. He’s in recovery. He started demanding to be released almost the moment he came to. The doctor finally told him if he didn’t calm down, he was going to put him back under.”
Aden managed to laugh. “Sounds like Sam.”
“How are you doing?”
She debated on how to answer that. “We’ve brought everyone down into town. That should limit Duval’s menu options.” She sighed. “It looks like a festival outside.”
Michael hesitated. “You sound tired.”
“That’s an understatement. I’ve been ordered to get some sleep after I hang up. I’ll fill you in on the details when you get back.”
“That will probably be sometime in the morning. Clem decided to stay so we can give Sam a ride home. The doctor said he’d release him to protect his staff from further abuse but he’s ordered bed rest.”
“I’ve got a couple pairs of handcuffs laying around here somewhere.”
Michael laughed. Then he was quiet for a moment. “I miss you.”
Aden smiled. “Miss you, too. See you soon.” She said goodbye and ended the call. She slipped the phone back into her pocket and leaned back in the chair. She closed her eyes, not wanting to think about Duval.
Aden opened her eyes as Joseph gently shook her. “Hey, I thought you were going up to the house to catch those winks.”
She blinked. Bright sunlight streamed through the window. “I guess they got away.” She sat up and stretched.
Joseph handed her a cup of coffee. “You look like you need this.”
The caffeine helped pull her the rest of the way to consciousness. She could feel the ache in her muscles. “Memo to self. Don’t sleep in this chair.” She got up and went to the window. People were already up and moving about. “How are we doing?”
“Annie and Cindy have more help then they really need. They’ve got a food line set up in the gym. Several men have gone up to check on livestock. I told them to let one of us know if there’s anything missing. We want to keep tabs on what Duval is consuming.”
“As long as it isn’t people.” She sipped at the hot coffee. “Clem and Michael should be back with Sam sometime this morning.” She filled Joseph in on Sam’s condition.
He remained serious. “We need to go out after Duval before Sam gets back.”
Aden couldn’t believe he’d just said that. “Joseph, he managed to crawl away from six direct hits of explosive tips last night and you saw what he did to the rig.” She moved over a little so she could survey the damage from the window in daylight. “Oh, that looks even worse this morning.”
“But that’s exactly why we need to go after him today. Jack wasn’t as off last night as you might think. I saw what happened in the lab.”
Aden pivoted so fast she almost spilled the coffee. “What happened? Was Clem okay?”
Joseph put up his hands. “Clem is fine. He wasn’t infected - just overcome by it all.” His face grew serious. “The virus has limitations. I watched one of the samples die last night.”
Aden choked on her sip of hot coffee and had to cough. When she could breathe again, she turned and stared at Joseph. “It died? So there’s a way to control it in Duval so we can arrest him?”
“And now would be the time. He doesn’t like the light and you took the people away last night so he couldn’t feed on them. Michael said that the sample died because of stress without nutrition. It starved to death.”
Aden tried another sip of coffee. She wished Michael was here so she could ask him more about what he’d discovered. “Maybe we should wait until they get back.”
Joseph looked out the window. “We have several things in our favor right now. We have this unusual sunny day.” He turned back to her. “And Sam isn’t back yet. You know Sam as well as I do. If he’s here, he’ll want to come.”
Aden sighed. Joseph was right. She felt muddled. “I need something more than coffee in my system. And I need to talk to Daniel. If we’re going out after Duval, I’m going to need him to stay here in town.”
Joseph frowned. “Wouldn’t we want him to come with us?”
“No. On several counts.” She finished off the coffee and started for the door. Joseph followed. “I want him here when Sam gets back otherwise Sam will come out after us. I also want him in town to manage the crowd.”
Joseph walked beside her down the street. “They’re subdued. Many are afraid.”
She looked at him. “Exactly. That was one important lesson I learned from my dad. Frightened people are unpredictable. They are processing internally so you can’t see what they’re thinking.”
“You’re remembering the winter the power line tower fell across the road.”
Aden stepped up on the porch of the café. “It was too quiet until all hell broke loose.”
“Paul told me about that.” His voice had become subdued. “Perhaps you’re right. I was just hoping that we’d have three people rather than just the two of us.”
“I’ll help.”
Aden tensed and turned to Jack. “No offense, but we’re not out to slay a vampire. We are hopefully going to arrest a very sick criminal,” She looked over at Joseph. “Who may be in bad enough shape this morning that we’ll be able to accomplish that.”
Jack frowned. “You’re still going to need my help. I know this Beast. I’ve been tracking him for months.”
Aden ignored Jack and pushed through the doors into the entry way. She found several people seated on the benches that lined the small foyer. They looked up at her and smiled then went back to their conversation. Aden didn’t know who they were. The piece of metal on her shirt felt heavy.
The main room was packed with people. She came in and scanned the crowd. She noticed Cindy and Daniel in the far corner by the fireplace. She worked her way through the crowd, saying good morning to a sea of unfamiliar people.
Daniel’s back was to her but she could see the look of distress on Cindy’s face. Aden paused and looked back at Joseph. “Jack is still following us. Why don’t you keep him busy while I see if I can rescue Daniel?”
Joseph patted her on the shoulder. “Good luck.”
She turned her focus back to the couple, hoping to get a clue what they were arguing about. Cindy was drying glasses that Daniel was passing to her from a dish tray. She looked ready to cry. “I really don’t understand what you’re so upset about. Why shouldn’t I be worried? Sam is your dad. He’s family. Is it so unusual to be worried about family?”
Daniel traded the last damp glass for the one she’d wiped. “It just seems a little odd that you’d be up crying about him all night long.”
Aden shook her head. She walked forward, waiting for Daniel to put the glass down. “Is that what you’re on her case for?”
Daniel jumped and spun around. “Geez, Aden! Don’t do that!”
“At least I waited until your hands were empty.”
Cindy put the last dry glass in the rack and grabbed the dish tray. “I have to get this back to the kitchen. Things are busy.” She pushed her way between them and walked toward the service doors.
Daniel sighed. “She’s in such a lovely mood.”
“It’s part of being pregnant, I’m told.”
He looked at her with a sideways glance. “Any personal experience with that?”
“No.” She turned around to see where Joseph had corralled Jack and saw them at the corner table. She sighed and looked back at Daniel. “Come on and listen to this. Joe has an idea.”
“I’m all ears.” He motioned for her to proceed.
Aden borrowed a chair from a nearby table and they all squeezed into the corner under the stairs. “This gives cozy a new meaning.”
Once they were all seated, Joseph leaned toward the center of the table. Daniel sat opposite him and leaned forward, too. “Joe, if this is supposed to be a secret we should at least go to the office.”
Joseph shook his head. “No one here is paying attention. That works just fine in our favor.” He looked at Aden. “The time to act is now.”
She felt the tingle in the bottom of her spine. Every fiber told her this was a bad idea. “I’m still not sure about this.”
Jack gripped the edge of the table. “Sheriff.”
Aden backed away. “Let’s get one thing straight here, Jack. I’m not the sheriff. I’m just filling in for Sam until he’s cleared to come back to work.” As far as she was concerned, she wasn’t even the deputy.
Joseph put a hand on her arm. “Remember to breathe.”
Daniel looked perplexed. “Will someone please tell me what the hell is going on?”
Joseph looked at him calmly. “Aden and I are going after Duval.”
“What?” Daniel rose out of the chair so fast he hit his head on the angled paneling above. He sat back down hard. “Oh, that’s going to leave a dent.”
Aden touched his head. “In your skull or the wood?” He tried to smirk but ended up groaning. That really did worry Aden, especially with Clem and Michael gone.
Daniel sighed and looked over at Joe. “Exactly why do you think this is such a great plan?”
Jack started to say something but Joseph put up a hand. “The sun is shining, we took the people away from Duval, and injured him bad last night. I got a look at what happens to the virus under stress. It dies. We’ve got the opportunity to corner him today, before he gets a chance to recover.”
Jack shook his head. “The demon can’t come out during the day.”
Aden ignored him. “I’d love to have all of this wrapped up before Sam gets back. I really don’t want him tromping through the woods in his condition.”
Daniel slapped the table. “I second that motion. Let me grab my gear.”
Aden put a hand on his arm. “Daniel. You’re not going.” He started to rise again but she held him down. “You know when they ask one lump or two? Under this circumstance, I’d go with just one.”
Daniel looked up then settled back into his seat. He looked at her. “I should be going with you.”
“No, you should be staying here in town so that when Clem and Michael bring your dad back, you are here to keep him from joining us in the field.” Aden sighed. “Besides, I need you to keep tabs on who’s in town and who has gone out to their places. I don’t know most of these folks. You do. I want to make sure everyone is back well before dark.”
Daniel followed the wood grain of the table with his finger. “I hate arguing with you. I never win.”
Aden looked at Joseph. “We should get moving if were going. We also need to be back well before dark.” She looked at Daniel. “We’ll do regular radio checks at half hour intervals. Let me know if you have any problems here and we’ll head back to town.”
She got up and pulled Daniel to the side so he didn’t hit his head again. He grinned. “You’re still looking out for me.”
“That’s what friends are for.”
Jack followed Joseph from the table. “I’ll get my weapons.”
Aden frowned. “Jack, you’re staying, too. Remember?”
Daniel grabbed her arm and guided her to the door. They got a few looked from the people in the foyer but Daniel was insistent. He didn’t stop until they were almost to the gas station. He turned around. His face was taut. “I know you have no love of Jack but you’ve got to take him with you.” His voice was quiet but serious.
“Joe and I will be safer on our own.”
“I’m not even going to argue about this. It gives you one more person to watch your back.”
“No. It gives me a lunatic to baby sit and try to keep out of trouble. Joseph and I can move a lot faster on our own than with Jack tagging along. In all honesty, I’m not real comfortable with this whole idea.”
“Then why are you doing it?”
She looked over at Joseph who was standing on the porch watching them. “Because we’re running out of options and Joe thinks it will work.” Aden turned back to Daniel. “Do you remember that old sow bear that we had all those problems with? My dad tried everything to dissuade her because he knew she had cubs. He finally tired her out and she moved on.”
“I remember.” He touched the side of her face. “I remember how much you begged him not to hurt her and how much you cried when you thought he’d shot her.”
She caught his hand. “That was a long time ago when I still thought of bears as bigger versions of teddies. We’re not dealing with a bear, or an animal. We’re dealing with a mentally unstable killer with a dangerous virus. Your dad is right about one thing. We’re responsible for these people. It’s our duty to get Duval into custody where he can get the medical treatment he needs.”
Daniel glanced over at the café porch were Jack had joined Joseph. “Then at least take Jack with you.” Aden started to turned for the office but Daniel pulled her back. “Aden. Give the guy a little credit. Okay, his ideas are a little warped but even Doc has started paying attention to his crazy notions.”
Aden closed her eyes. “All right. You win. I’ll take Jack.” She looked over at Joseph. “Bring him along.” She pulled free of Daniel’s grasp.
“Hey, Big A.” She paused. “Be good.”
Aden felt the lump forming in her throat. She didn’t have time for that. She walked to the rig and examined the dent. If Duval could do that and still be walking, what chance did they have of success? 
They loaded up. Joseph took the passenger seat and they put Jack in the backseat. Daniel came up as Aden shut her door. He leaned in the broken window. “I’ll hold down the fort. Just be back before dark, okay?”
“You don’t have to ask twice on that one.” She started the engine. “Tell Michael I’ll see him at dinner.”
Daniel frowned. “Right.” He slapped the side of the rig and walked away.
Aden tried not to think about his reaction as she backed up and headed out of town. She looked over at Joseph. “So where are we headed?”
“To the last place you saw Duval.”
“That would be by the Becker place.” She turned up the east valley road.
Joseph pointed toward the top of the ridge. “We should start up there and work our way back toward town.” 
Aden considered the options and chose an old fire road that wove up through the clear cuts. “So where do you think we’re going to find him?”
Joseph studied the landscape. “From what we’ve seen of him, probably in the creek bed. As Jack pointed out the other day, Duval uses them like roads.”
“Cat Creek is the closest. I found Mrs. Becker just on the other side of it last night.” She swung onto a side road. “There should be a bridge just up ahead. Maybe we’ll get lucky and find a troll.” 
Joseph grabbed the strap as the SUV hit a pothole. “I’ve been thinking about Duval and this virus he has. The mud is sucking him down through the emotional plain.”
Aden slowed as she approached the bridge. “Mud? You lost me.”
“We all begin our lives fighting the physical mud. We must struggle against it to sit, crawl, and finally stand.”
Jack tapped on the back of the seat. “I think that’s actually gravity.”
Aden laughed. “Imagine that. Jack being the logical one for a change.”
Joseph shook his head. “The mud is metaphorical. As we grow older, we climb out of the mud onto the sandy shores of the emotional plain. But we known we’re still covered with the mud, so we stomp our feet to shake it off.” He grinned. “Slamming doors and screaming battle cries are common. ‘It’s not fair.’ I remember Kevin doing that a lot.”
Aden laughed. “I can remember doing that myself a time or two.” She crossed the bridge and found a place to turn around. She’d learned long ago to always be headed out.
“Eventually we settle down and start crossing the emotional plain. But it’s full of traps and hazards. Things like drugs and alcohol are serious hazards that have mud at the bottom. Physical troubles that can eventually kill you.”
Aden parked on the other side of the bridge.
Jack leaned forward. “What are you talking about? Where is this emotional plain?”
Joseph sighed and opened his door. “These are metaphors, Jack. They represent ideas that are so complex, we don’t have good ways of describing them.” He pulled a pack from the back. “The emotional plain is our emotional response to the world. We react to stimuli rather than planning ahead. We throw sand at each other in verbal arguments, and some even stoop to slinging mud by hurting others physically.”
“Huh. So we shouldn’t defend ourselves. Is that what you’re saying?”
Aden pulled the assault rifle out. “I don’t think he’s saying that, Jack.” She looked at Joseph. “I think what he’s getting at is that out of control emotions can get us into physical trouble. Let’s keep that in mind. Shall we?” She slipped a clip into the gun and added another to her pocket.
Joseph took lead as he was the more experienced tracker. They put Jack between them. Aden brought up the rear. They worked up the creek bed toward the field where she had found Emma the night before.
Joseph motioned Aden forward as they neared a dark overhang. He waited until she was right next to him then leaned toward her ear. “There are a lot of tracks in this area and some look fresh. That spot over there looks pretty dark.”
Aden drew Jack into the circle and looked straight at him. “Listen carefully. This gun is powerful. If I shoot something, what I hit has a good chance of exploding. You really don’t want to be close to that object. Do we have an understanding?”
Jack’s eyes had gone wide. “I got it. Stay away from the target.”
Aden nodded. “I’ll go first.” She flipped off the safety and pulled the torch off her belt. Its powerful magnets clicked to the metal barrel. She flipped it on and pointed it at the darkness. Nothing moved.
Joseph patted her shoulder. He took up a position across the gully and motioned for Jack to stay behind him. He readied his gun and nodded.
Aden inched forward, swinging the beam across the dim space below the undercut bank. A splash of color caught her eye. She paused. No unusual sounds came from the spot. She moved forward slowly. The light penetrated to the dirt wall.
There was a mound of leaves at the very back. More color attracted her attention. She kept the gun pointed at the mound. Was it Duval buried in leaves? She pointed to the pile as Joseph joined her. She leaned close. “Keep your gun ready. I’ll be too close to do anything.”
Joseph raised his rifle and aimed at the pile. Jack had a stake in his hand. Aden rolled her eyes and moved forward. She held her breath and poked at the pile. The gun barrel sunk through the leaves. She tried several places. It was just a pile of leaves.
Aden relaxed. “He’s not here.” She reached down and picked up a piece of the colorful material. It was a scrap of cloth.
Joseph gasped and dropped to his knees. “No!” He picked up several other pieces of the same pattern. “This was Henry’s shirt.” His voice trembled.
Aden pulled out a baggie and collected as many of the cloth scraps as she could. She held the bag open and Joseph added the pieces he’d picked up. She helped Joseph to his feet. “I’m sorry, Joe. I know he was your friend.” He’d been a friend of her father’s as long as she could remember. 
She kicked through the pile of leaves and something stuck to the toe of her boot. She shone the line down. It was a white sticky mass. “Oh, that is gross!” She reached to brush it off.
Joseph grabbed her hand. “Don’t! That looks like what happened to the stuff in the lab.”
Aden swallowed hard and backed out of the space. She looked at it in natural light. It looked even worse. She used a stick to push it off. “What do we do with it?”
Jack came over and raised his foot to stomp on it but Joseph pulled him back. “That won’t help and it could make it worse. You don’t want to splatter it everywhere.”
“But it’s demon spore!”
Aden sighed. “Jack. I don’t exactly know what that is but I can guaranty it’s not demon spore. Where the heck did you get that crazy idea, anyway?”
Jack backed off. “I keep telling you. I’ve done a lot of research. Even your doctor friend appreciates the notes I’ve made.”
She’d need to talk to Michael and beg him not to encourage Jack like that. She looked over at Joseph. “You said this was like something in the lab?”
“Yes. From what Michael explained to Clem and me, when the cells use up all the available nutrients, it puts the virus under stress. It goes into some mass reproductive state, causing the cells to rupture. For some reason, the cell cytoplasm kills all the virus units around them. The result is that thick white foam. He called it a protein slurry.”
“I knew there was a reason Sarah’s protein shakes grossed me out.” She pushed it around with the stick. “So it’s dead, which means it shouldn’t hurt anything. Right?”
“That’s my best guess.”
“I still say it’s demon spore.”
Aden covered it in dirt. “Call it what you want, Jack. It’s dead and buried.” She looked around. The sun was directly overhead. She looked at her watch. “Time for a radio check.” She called for Daniel.
Daniel answered. “Glad to hear from you.” His voice was quiet and there was a lot a background noise.
“What’s going on?”
There was a pause. “Sorry, just wanted to get away from the worst of it. Things are a little crazy right now. Russ came back to town and he was pretty upset. A couple of his cows were dead and from his description, I’d say somebody had prime rib for dinner last night.”
Aden rubbed her forehead with the back of her hand. “Oh, that’s just great.” She looked up at Joseph. “So much for catching him when he’s down.” She keyed the radio. “We found one of his holes but he wasn’t home. With that news, we’re getting out of here.” She signed off.
Jack stared at her. “We can’t stop looking! The sun is out. We have to find him.”
“I’d love to find him as much as you would, however, he’s obviously well fed, which means we don’t stand a chance of bringing him in.”
Joseph sighed. “It sounds like Daniel could use our help in town, anyway.” He looked down the creek bed. “I’ll take point.”
Jack grumbled under his breath. “More wasted time.”
Joseph paused and looked at him. “Aden is making the right decision. It’s the logical thing to do. We shouldn’t let our emotions make our decisions for us. Things like anger, jealousy, greed, and fear get in the way of good decisions.”
Jack frowned. “I’m well aware of the seven deadly sins. My mother made sure of that. If I didn’t go to confession at least once a week, she would pester me until I did. She was a very good Catholic.”
Joseph shook his head and started forward again. “Boxes are dangerous places on the emotional plain. They prevent us from seeing the real dangers. They make us feel safe.”
“Who’s in a box?”
“Churches are boxes. They trap a person inside with some very heavy sands: fear, guilt, and shame.”
Jack started to reach for Joseph but Aden grabbed him. “Settle down, Jack.”
Jack whirled around and faced her. “I’m not going to let him insult me like that!”
Joseph stopped and looked back at him. “Indignation goes on that list, too.”
“That’s enough, boys! This is no place for it.”
Joseph turned back and started walking. Jack followed. Joseph stopped so quickly that Jack ran into him. Jack started to complain but Joseph spun around and put a hand on his mouth.
Aden realized something was up. She brought the gun up and scanned the rim of the wash. Grass waved on the afternoon breeze. She heard something and looked at Joseph. He motioned her forward.
Joseph let go of Jack and pointed to the side of the creek bed. “See the scuff marks?” His whisper was carried away with the breeze.
Aden felt the tingle in her spine. She looked closely. There were obvious hand and foot prints clearly visible on the surface. She looked up at the steep slope. This was going to take both hands. She handed her weapon to Joseph. “Cover me.”
Aden climbed up the slope and parted the grass at the top. She didn’t see any movement at first but she could hear something. She rolled at the top and reached her hand back for the rifle. She felt it make contact and closed her hand around the barrel. She crawled forward a short distance and almost fell face first down the next drainage. 
She heard motion behind her and looked back. Jack was crawling through the grass. She could see more movement behind him as Joseph also appeared. This was not a good idea. She hissed a warning to Jack.
He stopped and looked at her. “What did you find?” His whisper was way too loud.
Aden put up her hand, hoping he’d get the message. She parted the tall grass at the top of the ravine and looked down. This was much shallower than Cat Creek had been. She couldn’t remember which little streamlet this was. Aden looked down the side and could see the footprints in the mud. Duval had been here.
Joseph crawled up beside her and before she could warn him, found the edge of the gully. He lost his balance and rolled over the edge.
Aden grabbed for him but it was too late. “Joseph!” She watched him roll down the side and come to a stop at the bottom. “Are you all right?”
He looked up at her. “They say pride cometh before the fall.” He looked up the creek bed and froze. He slowly brought up his gun.
Aden didn’t know what to do. She couldn’t see what Joseph was aiming at. “What have you got?”
“I think I found Duval.”
She heard the growl and the tingle crawled around her gut. “I can’t see him from here. Where is he?”
“About a hundred yards up the creek bed. He’s headed this way.”
“Are you hurt?”
“No.”
“Then move! Get out of there, now.”
“I’ve got a good shot at him.”
“Joe, forget it! Out! Now!” She looked back at Jack. “Get back to Cat Creek!” She was relieved that he didn’t argue. “Come on, Joe. He’s going to be less likely to jump the berm in daylight.”
Joseph finally put his gun down and scrambled toward the bank. Aden reached out her hand and grabbed his. She hauled him up. Joseph rolled and brought up his gun. “He’s moving!”
“Then let’s get out of here! I’ve already sent Jack back.” She rose to her knees and brought the rifle up. “Go! I’ll cover you to the rim. Holler when you get there.”
Joseph got up and ran for Cat Creek. Aden could hear the gravel moving below her. She was relieved when Joseph whistled. She quickly backed away. When she could see Joseph, she picked up her pace. They scrambled down the side of the creek bed together.
Jack was at the bottom on his knees. He had his eyes closed and appeared to be praying. He looked up at them. “I’m asking God to protect us.”
She pulled him to his feet. “Thanks for the thought but unless he’s equipping his angel armies with some serious fire power, I think we’re on our own.” 
Joseph checked his rifle. “You were right. This was a bad idea.”
“We can discuss that later. Let’s beat feet and get out of here. Take point. Jack, you’re in the middle. I’ve got the tail.”
They began sliding down the creek bed a lot faster than they had come up it. She was startled when the radio crackled and Daniel called her. She pulled it off her belt and inhaled slowly. She didn’t want to alarm him. “What’s your status, Danny Boy?”
“I’m doing better. I got the crowd back to the school and out of the street. Dad’s back. I didn’t tell him where you went so watch what you say over the air. I’m almost sure he’s listening.”
Aden swallowed hard. “You got a map handy?”
“You didn’t take one with you?”
“You’re the map man. Look, what’s the drainage south and west of Cat Creek?”
“That would be Mule Creek.” She could hear the rustle of paper in the back ground.
Aden was distracted by movement up the ravine the way they had come. Had Duval managed to get across the open ground? “Can you see a place where Cat and Mule are really close together?” She glanced over her shoulder to see how far ahead Joseph was. “We’ve got company, Joe. Best speed would be good.”
The radio crackled. “Okay, I’ve got it. It’s almost at the top of Mule. Cat winds down to the service road that runs past the Becker place. Mule goes toward the back side of the Hensley place.”
Aden looked around. “That would explain the cows.” Dirt and debris tumbled down the side of the creek bed not far behind her. She looked up and saw movement. “Not good!” She brought the gun up, flipped off the safety, and waited. She saw the motion and pulled the trigger.
Bushes flared and Duval screamed.
Joseph whistled to get her attention. “Did you hit him?”
“Not sure.” She keyed the radio. “I kind of have to go. Just sit tight. We’re on our way down.”
“How far are you from the rig?”
Aden looked around. There was forest on either side of them now. They had passed beyond the meadow. She realized just how much trouble they were in. “About a quarter to go yet.”
Duval came down the side of the gully only a few feet in front of her. He hissed and bared his teeth.
Aden swore loudly. “Joe!” She turned and dove toward Jack. Joseph’s rifle report echoed up the ravine followed by Duval’s howl.
Aden was up fast. She grabbed Jack. “Get moving but stay low. Don’t get in Joseph’s line of fire.”
Joseph had his gun aimed and ready. “He ducked behind that rock.”
Aden pushed Jack ahead. Daniel was calling for her but she didn’t have time to talk. She snapped the radio back on her belt. “Jack, just keep going!” She swung around Joseph’s side and crouched. “Which rock?”
Joseph fired at a large boulder up the creek bed and Duval snarled. “He’s got too much cover. We need to draw him out.”
“Or get rid of his rock. Get ready.” Aden took aim. The bullet hit the rock and exploded near the top, shattering the boulder and sending rock chips in all directions. Duval howled and dashed away from the rock toward the shelter of the bank. 
Aden was ready. She hit him in the side. His body flew backwards, portions of burning flesh splattered across the creek bed. Duval’s cry of agony was beyond human. It made Aden shudder. “That should at least slow him down. Let’s get out of here!”
* * *

Michael stepped into the crowded main room of the café. He’d never imagined there were so many people in the Sweetvale area. He scanned the tables and found Clem. He was seated with Jimmy and a younger boy. He had the boy’s hand in his.
Clem looked up as Michael approached. “And there’s a doctor in the house.” He turned back to the boy. “But fortunately for you, Andy, this aught to do the trick.” He tousled the boy’s hair and turned him loose.
The boy grinned. “Thanks, Mr. Clem!” He ran off.
Michael couldn’t help but grin. “Where do they get all that energy?” He looked down at Clem. “Never at rest, are you?”
Clem chuckled. “Saving the world, one band-aid at a time.” He motioned to the vacated chair. “These are a premium tonight. Better grab that one before it sneaks away.”
Michael nodded at Jimmy as he took a seat. How’s it going?”
Jimmy chuckled. “It sure has been busy! It’s been a long time since I’ve seen everyone in town.”
The young boy ran past and Clem reached out and grabbed him around the waist. He turned and twisted in Clem’s hold. “Aw, come on, Mr. Clem. That’s not fair.”
Michael had to laugh. “Who have you caught?”
Clem pulled the boy close and gave him a hug. “This little tornado is Andrew Hanson, but we all call him Andy.” He looked up. “Except for Annie, who calls him trouble.”
Michael noticed Annie coming toward them. She had a scowl on her face. “Andrew! You go apologize to Miss Gertie right this second!”
Andy looked down. “Yes, Miss Annie.”
Clem released him and looked up at Annie. “Dare I ask?”
Annie sighed. “I know Kathy doesn’t want him under foot while Beth is in labor but he’s driving me crazy. He just dumped over a basket and unrolled half of Miss Gertie’s yarn balls.”
Clem made a mock serious face. “A criminal offence to be sure. Sounds like a case of no dessert.”
Annie grinned and swatted Clem with her towel. “You better watch out or you get to keep an eye on him next!”
Jimmy grinned. “I’ll take him off your hands for a while, Miss Annie.”
“You’re a doll, Jimmy.” She hugged him and kissed his head. “How’s Emma doing?”
“She was resting when I checked on her last. Miss Gertie has been helping me take care of her.” He got up and looked back at Clem. “I’ll take Andy over to the shop and see if I can get him into a project.”
Clem nodded and waved as Jimmy walked away. Michael noticed his smile had faded. He looked up at Annie. “He’s grown into a fine young man.”
“Yes he has.” Annie kissed Clem lightly on the forehead and started to make the rounds of the tables.
Michael watched Clem’s face, trying to decide if he should ask. He watched Jimmy corral Andy and guide him out the door. “Kind of reminds me of me and my brother, although we weren’t that far apart in age. He was only four years younger than me.”
“You talk about him in past tense. That’s never a good sign.”
Michael hadn’t even realized he’d done that. He sighed. It had been hard enough when Aden had asked about him. “I hope he’s not dead. We had a disagreement and he went off half-cocked.”
“A girl or money?”
Michael frowned. “Come again?”
Clem leaned forward and rested his arms on the table. “That’s the two most common things that brothers argue about.”
“Actually it was neither.” He picked up the salt shaker and admired the design in the glass. “We got into an argument about our dad.”
“Who he loved best?”
“No. Who he was then whether he was alive or not.”
Clem got an odd expression. “You got one of those runaway papas, too?”
Michael shook his head. “Matt was just too young to understand. For a long time, he thought our step-dad was our real one. My older sister finally set him straight on that. But then Matt got this crazy idea that he was still alive somewhere. When my dad was killed, there had been an explosion and a fire. It demolished the building. They never found his body.” Michael’s throat tightened. He struggled to get past it.
Clem snagged Annie as she passed the table. “Grab Michael a glass of water. Would you, please?” His tone was soft and concerned.
Annie rushed to the counter and brought back a glass and pitcher. She filled it and set it on a paper coaster. She put her free hand on his shoulder. “Are you okay?”
He managed to nod and took a drink. It helped. “Sorry about that. I just haven’t thought about it in a long time.”
Annie rubbed his arm. “We all have things like that. Some stray thought drags them up and it’s like an ocean breaker bowling you over.” She hugged him. Some one called for her and she gave him a final squeeze then let him go.
Michael let the ice cubes clank around in the glass. “My mother just about lost it when he was declared dead. I was maybe seven at the time and my brother was three. My older sister, Mary, pretty much kept everything going, even after my mom met my step-dad.” Michael closed his eyes. He didn’t want to think about Bill at all.
Clem put a hand on Michael’s arm. “I know how hard it is growing up with only half a family. My daddy took off when I was ten. I was the oldest of six. I’ll never know how my mama managed. I swore I’d find him one day and make him pay for what he did to us.”
Michael looked up at Clem. “Did you?”
Clem sighed deeply. “With a name like Jedadiah Rogers, you’d think he’d have been easy to find.” He shook his head. “I never did.”
“My father’s name was Malaki Antonopoulos. I guess that would stand out, too.”
Clem grinned. “Does your mother’s name start with M, too?”
Michael chuckled. “No, actually it’s Rachael.”
Clem laughed and Michael had to join him. He’d never thought about it that way before.
An older gentleman put a hand on Clem’s shoulder. “I’m glad you can find something to laugh about.”
Clem looked up at him. “Ian. Come have a seat. If you can’t laugh, you might as well be dead already.”
Michael remembered seeing him in the café before. Ian sat down. “Dan says Sam is back. How’s he doing?”
Clem got serious. “He’s sedated. They have him all wired up. We would have been back sooner but the cardiologist had some concerns. I think he would have rather had Sam stay but neither Michael nor I could convince him of that. You know Sam. Stubborn to the core.”
Ian nodded. “Have you had a chance to talk to Dan?” His tone was very quiet.
Michael tensed. He hadn’t found Aden at either the house or the office. He didn’t want to say anything without knowing what had happened.
Clem glanced in his direction. “Saw him just briefly. Enough to fill him in on Sam’s condition. He looked at his watch and rushed out the door.”
Ian’s face grew even more concerned. “I’m not sure what’s really going on. I’m worried. Aden, Joseph, and that crazy reporter took off this morning. Daniel said it was just routine because so many folks had gone out to check on livestock. But when Russ came back and all hell broke loose, I was expecting Aden to come back and help Dan out.”
“Whoa! Back up a step. Is Russ okay?”
“He’s upset but otherwise fine. He lost a couple of good milk cows.”
Clem sighed. “I’m glad it’s just cows. I was surprised to find everyone in town. It was a good call on Aden’s part. Keep everyone together for safety and all.”
Ian looked at Michael. He leaned close. “Are we really dealing with a vampire?”
Michael closed his eyes. “Jack.” He looked at Ian. “Duval is not a vampire. He is definitely dangerous, not just because he’s killed people. He’s got a virus. I’m pretty sure that’s what is responsible for his actions and his unusual tendencies.”
Ian leaned back in his chair. “A virus? Which one?”
“I’m still not sure on that. I sent in some data to the CDC while we were in town this morning. I’m waiting to hear back. But this virus makes him sensitive to light and it may be affecting his frontal cortex. Who knows. This virus could be the foundations for all the vampire myths.”
Clem nodded. “Myths are often founded on twisted truths. I saw enough of that when I served during the war in Iraq. And the people put all that silliness to good use in their favor.”
Ian sighed. “I’m just worried about how out of control things have gotten.” He looked at Michael. “I’m familiar with Rabies and Distemper. This almost sounds like what you’re describing. I’ve lost dogs to Rabies. They went insane. Didn’t know who I was. It was heartbreaking. The only thing I could do was shoot them.”
Was it going to come to that? But how? “Unfortunately, this virus has a unique ability to rebuild damaged tissue. Duval has been shot several times. I saw it myself and I’m still struggling to understand it. I’ve never seen tissue able to regenerate that quickly.” He looked at Clem. “And what we saw in the lab, that just blew my mind.”
“You have a lab?”
“Yes, sir. The CDC has supplied me with a complete portable unit. Their hope is that I can isolate this virus before it becomes a more serious problem. If I can’t, they’ll step in and relocate the entire community for public safety.”
Ian’s face went pale. “My God. What would happen to all of us.” He looked around the room. “We’ve had town gatherings like this before when the weather was bad but never for something like this.” He looked at Clem. “Some of the people here are third and fourth generation. I’m living on my father’s homestead. Where would I go?”
Clem put a hand on his shoulder. “Hopefully, it won’t come to that.”
Ian nodded. “I’ll do my best to keep things under control.” He looked back at Michael. “Please let me know as soon as possible if things are going from bad to worse so I can help some of the others prepare.” He rose and left the table.
Michael put his face in his hands. “What am I going to do, Clem? This is so insane. I’ve dealt with situations where I didn’t know what the virus was but the virus itself wasn’t unknown. It was just a matter of figuring out which one. This is totally different.”
“This is way beyond me, buddy. I wouldn’t know where to begin.” He turned in his seat. “Oh-oh. This looks like trouble.”
Michael looked up as Daniel rushed over. Daniel looked down at Clem. “Don’t you have your radio on?”
Clem gasped and grabbed his portable. He frowned. “I’m sorry, Dan. I had it turned way down while I was dealing with your dad, just in case there was chatter. It’s so loud in here that I didn’t here you call. Is he okay?”
Daniel leaned on the table and put his head down. He sucked in air. “He’s still at the house. I hope he’s not listening. I’ve been trying to reach Aden for the past five minutes. They’re overdue on a radio check and the last one didn’t sound good.”
Michael’s gut crunched. “What’s going on? Where are they?”
Daniel looked at him. “What are you doing just sitting around? Don’t you have some place you’re supposed to be?”
Michael sat back in his chair, totally shocked. 
Clem put a hand on Daniel’s arm. “Take it easy, Dan. Don’t take your panic out on Michael. We’re kind of stuck right now, waiting on a call from the CDC.”
Daniel was struggling to breathe. “I don’t know what to do. They were up Cat Creek about a quarter mile from the rig a half an hour ago. They should have been back to it by now.” He slapped the table and pushed away.
Michael watched him head out the door. He looked at Clem. “What did I do to get on his bad side?”
Annie came by with an empty tray. She stopped and put an arm around Michael’s shoulders. “It’s not you personally. It’s Daniel.” Her face drooped. “I never really understood how it all worked out the way it did.”
Michael could hear the sadness in her tone. He looked up at her. “What do you mean, Annie?”
Her face trembled. Her eyes got shiny. She shook her head and pointed to a picture on the wall. She patted Michael on the shoulder and fled into the kitchen.
Michael and Clem exchanged glances and got up to look at the picture. It looked old. There were five kids sitting in a row on a log. Michael stared at it. “That’s Aden.” He looked at the other faces. “I think that’s Daniel. That looks a lot like Cindy and that must be Maggie.” He looked over at Clem.
Clem sighed and pointed at the fifth person. “That was Kevin.” His voice was quiet. He swallowed hard. “Well that explains a lot.” He pointed at the photo.
Michael looked closer. Daniel has his arm around Aden, who was looking somewhere else. Cindy was leaning on Daniel but Daniel was looking at Aden. 
Clem puckered his lips. “Looks like Puck messed up again.”
Clem’s radio crackled to life and Michael had to remind himself to breathe. He noticed Clem had also tensed. It was Joseph, finally checking in, but the tone of his voice sent a wave of terror through Michael.
Clem turned the volume down and pointed toward the door. They quickly made their way through the crowd. Once out the door, Clem turned the volume back up.
“Where are you?” Daniel’s voice held a note of panic.
“We just passed over the last bridge on the North Line Road.” Michael could hear the sound of the vehicle bouncing along at a fast rate in the background.
Clem swore. Michael looked over at him and noticed the medic was looking down the street. He followed his gaze. Sam was jogging toward the office. Clem started moving. “If he tears those stitches loose, we’ll have double trouble.”
Michael followed, doing his best to keep up. “What’s going on?”
Clem kept running. “I’m guessing they found the cat and decided being mouse is a bad plan.”
Sam met them at the porch of the Sheriff’s Office. Michael was instantly worried. Sam was pale and breathing hard. He paused only a moment as Clem came to a stop. “I hope you’re here to help. I don’t need a lecture.” He went into the office.
Clem looked back at Michael. “What do I have to do to keep him in bed? Tie him down? He’s already been sedated!”
The radio crackled again. “We’re coming down to the junction. What the?” The radio went silent.
Michael didn’t wait. He jumped up the steps and pushed through the door. Clem shut it behind them.
Sam and Daniel were both leaning on the desk. Daniel keyed the mic in his hand. “Joe! What happened?” It echoed over Clem’s radio. Clem turned it down.
Daniel was barely breathing. Sam looked ready to pass out. Michael fought to swallow. His mouth was dry.
Daniel tried again. There was still no response.
Sam pushed off the desk and moved to the back of the room. He unlocked a big metal cabinet and started pulling guns and boxes of ammo out.
Daniel turned and watched him. “Dad! What are you doing?”
Sam turned and tossed a serious looking gun at Daniel, who seemed to catch it on reflex. Sam nodded. “We’re going after them.”
Clem put up his hands. “Whoa there, Sheriff! The only ‘we’ there is maybe us three. You are going back to bed.”
Sam picked up a gun with a thick black barrel and shook open the chamber with one hand. “I already told you. If you’re here to lecture me, you know where the door is.” He shoved several bullets into the chamber and shook the gun again. “They are out there facing that Beast alone because of me. I’m not just going to sit here and let that happen.”
“Dad? Are you sure this is a good idea? I mean, you’re wired up like a broken toy.”
Sam loaded another gun. “I see Aden pinned a badge on your shirt. Are you man enough to wear it?”
Michael could see the play of emotions going across Daniel’s face. He glanced at Clem. Michael watched Sam load yet another gun and click the chamber closed. He didn’t feel qualified to argue. He was more than ready to face Duval for Aden - he just didn’t know how.
Sam looked up at all of them. “Time is wasting. Either saddle up or get out of my way.”
The radio crackled to life and everyone in the room remembered how to breathe. “Can anyone hear me?” Jack’s voice sounded shaky.
Sam ran to the desk and pulled the mic from Daniel’s hand. “Jack! What happened?”
There was static for a moment. “He forced us off the road. Aden and Joseph are fighting with the Beast!”
“Just stay in the rig and stay on the radio. We’re on the way.” Sam turned to Clem. “Pull out that hot rod of yours. They might need it.”
Jack sputtered, cursing at the radio controls. “I’m supposed to tell you to bring a chainsaw.”
Sam keyed the radio. “What for?”
“A tree!” Jack’s voice echoed through the speaker. “Duval pushed a tree down over the road. It’s big.”
Clem didn’t wait for Sam to say anymore. He grabbed Michael’s arm and pulled him toward the door. “We’re on it.”
Michael struggled to keep up with Clem as they raced across the street to the fire station. Clem turned a key in the wall next to the big door and it started to rise. He ducked under as soon as it was knee high. Michael was doubled over, grateful for even the brief seconds to catch his breath. He slipped under when the door was up to his waist.
Clem was already scrambling around the bay. He pointed to the back wall behind the fire truck. “Grab a saw from that cabinet. I’ll get the gas mix and gear.”
Michael went to the locker and opened it. There were several chainsaws of different sizes. “Which one?”
“Jack said it was big. Better grab the Husky there on the bottom.”
Michael pulled the large saw off the shelf and lugged it to the back of the squad. Clem helped him lift it in. Michael couldn’t imagine what it would take to control the heavy machine. “This must be the super-sized model.”
Clem slammed the back doors closed. “Hop in!”
Michael got in the passenger side and put on the seat belt. “I wish we knew more about what was going on.”
As if on cue, Jack’s voice crackled over both Clem’s portable and the rig radio. “I don’t get it! She’s got that stupid big gun. Why doesn’t she use it?”
Sam answered. “She may be too close. The ammo it uses explodes on impact. Anything closer than ten feet gets hit by the back wash.”
“Then that would be the reason.” Jack was silent for only a moment. “Oh, no! The Beast just grabbed Joseph’s gun! He’s going to attack Joseph! I got to go help them!”
Sam called Jack. “Stay in the rig! We need you on the radio!”
There was no reply.
* * *

Aden rushed forward and swung the branch she’d ripped off the tree. It hit Duval on the back of the neck with a resounding thwack.
Duval turned and snarled at her. White foamy saliva dripped from the corners of his mouth. She jabbed the branch in his face but he pushed it away.
Joseph managed to get to his feet. “The gun wasn’t much use anyway. I was out of ammo.”
Aden kept her eyes on Duval. She’d watched him pull all eight slugs out of his own body with his fingers and drop them on the ground. The wounds were almost healed. “There has to be a way to stop this guy!”
Joseph inched toward the gun that Duval had yanked out of Aden’s hands earlier. “I’m ready to go along with Jack on this one. This thing isn’t human.”
“I’ve been telling you that all along.” Jack came up from behind her.
She managed to get her heart beating again and swore. “I thought I told you to stay in the rig!” She glanced over at him and noticed he had a wooden stake in his hand. “Are you crazy?”
Duval took advantage of the distraction and grabbed the branch. Aden was pulled forward. Duval reach out his other hand to grab her.
Jack jumped forward and jammed the piece of wood into Duval’s chest. “Death to the Beast!”
Duval shrieked and let go of the branch. Aden fell backward and landed hard against the fallen tree trunk. Duval grabbed the bloody stake and pulled it out. He staggered a bit then screamed and threw it aside. It just missed Aden’s head.
Jack stood in astonishment. “That should have killed you.”
“Jack! Get out of there!” Aden pushed up, ignoring the pain.
Joseph was moving in from the other side. Duval turned and took a swing at him but Joseph duck behind a tree off the edge of the road. Duval’s fist connected with the tree’s truck. It shattered, sending wood splinters flying. The top of the tree fell on Joseph.
Jack had recovered a bit. He pulled a long leather case from his jacket and drew a sword from it. “Demon! God’s wrath is upon you!” He swung the sword for Duval’s neck but the madman leaped forward.
The sword caught him in the shoulder but Duval was in motion with his arms outstretched. His hands latched around Jack’s neck. Duval screamed and drove Jack to the ground. The sword clattered in the gravel.
Aden rushed forward, trying to pull Duval away. He reached up with one hand and planted it in her sternum. The force flung her back and knocked the breath out of her. She landed hard on the ground.
She heard a snap. Jack stopped struggling. Duval snarled and sank his teeth into Jack’s shoulder. He began sucking with such intensity that Jack’s flesh seemed to shrivel.
Aden wanted to scream but had no air to make a sound. Her chest felt like it was on fire. She finally managed to pull in enough air to breathe. The rest of her body refused to move. She turned her eyes toward Joseph, who was fighting to free himself from the heavy tree and its spiky branches.
She heard the sirens in the distance. Duval lifted his head and looked over the tree trunk. He snarled then looked down at Jack’s body. His face contorted and he ripped into Jack’s chest, pulled out the innards, and took Jack’s steaming heart in his mouth. The organ made a strange squishing noise as Duval popped it like a grape.
Aden’s stomach heaved. She barely had enough strength to turn her head to the side. She choked and coughed up bile.
Duval turned and looked at her, blood dripping down his face. Bright lights lit up his features. He shrieked and threw up his arms to protect his eyes. He backed up as the lights drew closer.
Aden could hear the engine, the squeal of the brakes, and scuttle of tires skidding on gravel.
Duval snarled then bound away into the dark forest.
Aden felt a hand on her neck. “She’s alive!” It was Michael. He shown a light on her face and she blinked. “Aden? Can you hear me?”
She couldn’t make her body respond. Every part of her was shaking.
Sam knelt on the other side of her. “How is she?”
Michael’s hands were trembling as he gently probed her body. “She hasn’t been bitten but I’m worried about the way she’s laying.” He carefully felt around her head and looked down into her eyes. “Aden?”
She managed to move her hand and found his leg with her fingers. She struggled to get her mouth to form words. She managed a whisper. “Jack.” She tried to point.
Michael looked over his shoulder then quickly turned back. He swallowed hard. She could tell he was struggling. He sighed and leaned close, letting his forehead meet hers. “There’s nothing we can do for him, Baby. He’s gone.”
She glanced to the side and could see Daniel and Clem working together to lift the tree off of Joseph. She looked back up at Michael. The tears burned in her eyes. “I couldn’t stop him.” She squeezed her eyes closed, trying to block out the horrible memory. Sobs came and her body screamed with pain.
She felt his hands on her shoulders. “Aden, try to lay still.” She ignored the pain and curled up, rolling into Michael’s arms. He held her gently. “Hang on. We’ll get you out of here.”
Sam got up. She heard him walk toward Jack’s body. “Why couldn’t the poor fool listen?”
Michael turned and tensed. “Sam! Don’t touch him!”
Aden opened her eyes. Sam pulled his hand back and looked over. “Why?”
Clem came up beside Sam and pulled him away. “He could be contagious. Do you see that foam on his shoulder?”
“I can’t even tell what part of that is a shoulder.”
“Just trust us on this one, Sheriff. Keep your distance.” He moved over and knelt next to Aden. “How’s she doing, Doc?”
Michael’s hands explored her neck and back. “I’m not feeling anything obvious and she did all the moving on her own.”
Aden clung to Michael. All she could manage was a whisper. “Please don’t let me go.”
Michael held her close. “I’m right here.” he started to hum. She thought she recognized the melody. He sang to her softly. “I know that your hurt - I feel your pain. I still remember that day in the rain, when you turned away and walked out my door. I’d give anything to hold you once more.”
Aden surrendered to the haze and slumped into his safe embrace.
* * *

Michael did what he could to assist Clem in Aden’s assessment. “I’m just worried because of the way she passed out.”
Clem checked her blood pressure. “I’m not seeing anything major. Vitals are good. My concern is the trauma to her chest. I’m not feeling any obvious broken ribs and her lungs pass for the moment but it’s definitely something we want to keep an eye on.”
Daniel came over. “How’s she doing?”
Clem looked up at him. “You know Aden. Tough as a brick.” Clem looked farther over his shoulder. “How’s Joe?”
“Sticky and scratched up but nothing really bad.” Daniel touched Aden’s shoulder. “Hang on, Big A.”
Sam returned with Joseph. They both knelt on the other side of Clem. Sam took Aden’s limp hand. His face was wrinkled with concern. “Why? What were you doing out here?”
Joseph hung his head. “It was my fault, Sam. Not hers.”
Everyone turned to stare at Joseph. Sam gasped. “What were you thinking?”
“I made you a promise that I was going to do something about Duval. We needed to know more about him. It was a bright sunny day. He has no love of sun.” Joseph sighed. “I thought we’d be safe.”
Sam looked over at Daniel. “Did you know about this hair-brained plan?”
Daniel looked down. “It seemed like a good idea at the time.”
“A good idea?”
Clem looked up at him with an annoyed expression. “If you’re going to have a chew session, could you take it somewhere else? It makes it really hard to hear.”
Sam looked at Clem. “How is she doing?” His voice shook.
Clem took the ear buds of the stethoscope out and wrapped the tubing around his shoulders. “She’s banged up pretty good but I don’t think any of it is major. She’s dehydrated and I’d really like to get an IV started before we move her. I’m worried about volume shock right now.”
Michael stroked her forehead. Why did she go along with all of this? He wished he’d been there. He looked up at Clem. “We can’t clear the spine with her unconscious like this. Should we board her?”
Clem chewed on his lip for a moment. “She crawled on her own and she has good distal vitals. If it weren’t for that, I’d say yes. Just keep her airway clear. I’m going to grab the wheeled stretcher and the IV box.” He clapped Michael on the shoulder and got up.
Daniel rose. “I’ll give you a hand with the rolling bed. We’ll have to get it over the log. I don’t want to cut into it until you’ve got her clear.”
Joseph also got up but he moved toward Jack’s remains.
Sam noticed. “Joe. Don’t get too close.” His voice was flat. He looked at Michael. “I don’t get it. He’s usually the smart one. What was he thinking?” He looked down at Aden. “How did he manage to talk her into this?”
Michael swallowed hard. “I don’t know.” She stirred slightly in his arms. He could feel her breath on his face. “Hang on, Aden. We’ll get you out of here.”
Clem and Daniel returned with the wheeled stretcher. Clem unstrapped the med box from the top and set up the head position. “Let’s get her moved first.”
Michael, Daniel, and Clem worked together to get her positioned and Clem strapped her down. Michael made sure she was still breathing.
Clem got an IV started. He looked up at Michael. “Let’s get her in the back. I’m going to leave Daniel to watch her while you and I take care of some messy business.”
Michael swallowed hard. “I should have grabbed a couple of white suits.”
Clem frowned. “Doc, if you want to know the honest truth? If we’re not infected yet, there’s a good chance we’re safe. We’ve handled enough bodies by now without full containment.”
Michael couldn’t argue with that. He nodded and got up. He found Joseph standing beside him. “I truly am sorry, Michael. I never intended to endanger them.” He held up something.
Daniel started to reach for it. “Give me that stupid pig sticker!” His tone rang with anger.
Michael saw the red gleam in the head light beams. He grabbed Daniel’s hand. “Wait!” He carefully took the sword by the hilt. He looked up at Joseph. “Whose blood is this?”
“Duval’s. Jack was aiming for his head but Duval stepped forward and it got him in the arm instead.”
Daniel snorted. “So much for a silver sword.”
Michael turned it over in the light. Part of the sample looked contaminated but the top half looked clean. He looked over at Clem. “What have we got that I can use to preserve this?”
Clem rummaged through the med box and pulled out a syringe case. “Will this do? It was sterile until just a few minutes ago.”
Michael took it. He looked at Joseph. “Take the sword by the handle. Don’t touch the blade. Hold it level so I can get a sample.”
Joseph followed his directions. “Will this help you?”
Michael got as much of the clean blood as he could then sealed the container. He looked over at Joseph. “I hope it will help solve a mystery and maybe provide the clues I need for an antiviral serum.”
They moved Aden to the back of the rescue squad and Clem pulled Daniel aside. “Sit with her. Talk to her. She can hear you, even if she can’t show it. Make sure she keeps breathing. If anything changes, call me right away.”
Daniel nodded and jumped up into the back and knelt beside the rolling stretcher. He took her hand in his. “Don’t worry, Aden. We’ll get you out of here real soon.”
Clem grabbed a body bag and a couple of basic suits from a compartment. He passed a suit to Michael. “They aren’t as fancy as yours but they’ll help.” Clem pulled a couple of poles rolled in cloth from a space under the compartment boxes. Michael realized it was an old fashioned field stretcher.
Michael slipped into his suit, grabbed his end of the poles, and followed Clem back toward the scene. Sam and Joseph were sitting together on the log. Sam looked up as they climbed over the obstacle. “How’s she doing?”
Clem patted Sam on the shoulder. “She’s stable for the time being. Daniel is with her.” He looked at Michael. “Let’s get this done.” Clem’s voice was flat. 
Michael nodded, pulled the suit’s hood over his head, and made sure the faceplate was secure. He wasn’t looking forward to this. He watched Clem unzip the bag. Michael walked over to the pile of remains.
Clem paused and looked over. “Don’t think about it as Jack. That’s the only way we’re going to get through this.”
Michael swallowed hard and began reaching for the body. Something was sticking out under it. It was Jack’s coat. Michael pulled it free. Several wooden stakes tumbled out of the pockets. Michael wanted to cry. He tried to bunch up the coat so he could put it in the bag but the material resisted. He felt it and found the notebook. Somehow it had been spared. He pulled it out and set it aside. Clem began scooping the rest of the body together. Michael looked at the coat. “Why don’t we just roll it inside the coat? It will be easier.”
Clem looked up at him. Michael could see the gleam of tears in his eyes. “There’s nothing easy about this.”
Michael could only nod. He didn’t trust his own voice. He laid the coat down and they rolled the body onto it. They scooped as much as they could into the coat then lifted it into the open bag. They pulled together the last few bits and zipped up the bag. Michael put the notebook on top and picked up the end of the stretcher.
Joseph helped move it across the log. Sam wanted to help but Clem wouldn’t let him. Sam just stood back watching, his hands shoved into his pockets.
Clem stopped them at the side of the squad. He pulled back his hood. “We don’t want to put this inside. I’ve got a rack on the top. We can strap the bag down to that.
Michael picked up the notebook. “I’ll put this in front.” He opened the side door quietly, not wanting to disturb Aden if she’d woken. He heard Daniel’s voice and realized he was quietly talking to Aden. He looked back between the seats.
Daniel smoothed the hair away from her face. “You know, this is really crazy. How did you manage to get yourself into this. It was always my fault that you were getting hurt when we were kids. Now here you’ve managed to do it on your own.”
Aden turned slightly. Her hand moved and Daniel caught it. She whispered something that Michael couldn’t hear.
Daniel leaned forward. He was crying. He kissed her on the forehead. “I’ve always loved you.”
Michael’s throat constricted. Of course Daniel had. That was the root of his hostility. Michael thought back to the picture and leaned on the front seat, letting his head rest on his crossed arms.
“Dan. Where’s the chainsaw?” Sam’s question startled Michael. He looked up to see Sam standing at the back of the rescue squad.
Daniel looked up and wiped his eyes. “Don’t you even think about touching that.” He looked back at Aden. “You just sit tight. Clem will get you back to town.” Daniel crawled out the back.
Michael pushed off the seat and shut the door. There were ropes dangling down the side of the squad. Joseph was tying off one side of the stretcher to a set. Michael looked up.
Clem looked down at him. His face looked gray in the pale glow of the emergency light he was using. “Could you tie off the other end?”
“No problem.” Michael bent down and knotted the rope around the stretcher poles.
Daniel walked by with the chainsaw. He paused to look down at the body bag. “Poor stupid bastard.” He adjusted the ear cups and flipped down the face plate attached to the hardhat.
Michael stood and helped lift the stretcher. Clem pulled it up and got it to the top. He looked down at Michael. “Why don’t you strip out of that suit and check on Aden?”
Michael nodded and went to the back of the squad. He found Sam there, sitting in the open back, talking to Aden. Michael put a hand on his shoulder. “That looks like an improvement.”
Sam got out of Michael’s way. “She’s conscious.” He looked up. “Clem getting everything tied down?”
Michael swallowed hard. “Ya.” He pulled off the suit and shoved it into a bag.
Joseph came around the corner of the back. “Daniel and I are going to get this cleared. We’ll bring the rigs back.”
Michael was concerned by the flatness of his tone. He couldn’t imagine what Joseph must be dealing with at that moment. “How are you doing?”
Joseph shrugged. “I’ll find a way to make this right. I swear it.” He walked away before Michael could say anything.
Clem jumped down from the top and looked at Sam. “I just had a couple brief words with Danny Boy. Sam, you’re going to ride shot gun with us. Michael, you’re in back with Aden. Joe is going to stand guard for Dan while he finishes the cut. Heaven help Duval if he’s stupid enough to go after someone with a chainsaw. Under that boy’s present mood, the Texas variety would look mild.”
Michael climbed in and Clem shut the back doors. Michael moved forward and crouched next to Aden. She opened her eyes. He leaned over and kissed her. “I’m here.”
Her fingers found his. “I know. Is everyone else okay?”
Michael closed his eyes. Everyone but Jack.
Clem and Sam got in the front. Clem turned to look back at Michael. “What’s her status?”
“Better. She’s talking.”
“That’s a definite improvement.” He started the squad. “I’m just waiting on Joseph to back the other rig out of the way.”
Aden squeezed his fingers. He looked down at her. She wet her lips. “Don’t leave Daniel out there alone. Duval heals fast.” All she could manage was a whisper.
Michael tapped Sam on the shoulder. “Aden’s worried about leaving them alone out here.”
Sam leaned back and looked at her. “Don’t worry, Kiddo. Dan has the Husky in his hands. I almost hope Duval tries. There won’t be enough left of him to identify.”
Michael closed his eyes and put his head down next to hers. “I love you.” The tears blurred his vision.
She moved her face closer to his. The nose tubing that Clem had placed for oxygen pulled free. Michael looked up. “Hey, none of that. You have to be a good patient.” He carefully replaced them.
Clem got the squad turned around and headed back for town. He drove slowly down the rough tracks and picked up speed when they got to pavement. Michael lost track of time. He was focused on Aden.
He looked up as Clem slowed down and came to a stop. Clem turned in the seat and looked back at him. “It’s time for an evaluation and decision. Is she stable or do we take her down to town?”
Aden grabbed Michael’s arm. “I’m all right.”
Michael looked down at her. “Are you sure?” He felt her chest gently. “Any pain when I press?”
Tears slipped from her eyes. “Not that kind of pain.” Her eyelids drooped.
Michael looked up at Clem. “She seems to be stable. I’m not sure what more they could do for her at the hospital that a good night’s sleep wouldn’t do for her right here.”
Clem looked at Sam. “And are you still in one piece?”
Sam felt his ribs. “I feel like a scary version of Pinocchio who got tangled in his strings.” He looked back at Aden. “I’m with you, Kiddo. Let’s stick it out and stay home.”
“Sound like a plan.” Aden’s voice was still weak. She pushed the tubing out of her nose.
Michael caught her hand. “Just wait a minute, before you get all tangled up.”
Clem got out and came around to the back. He got in next to Michael. “Let’s get you all unhooked.” He closed the valve of the IV and pulled the catheter. He taped it over.
Aden struggled to sit up. Michael watched her face twist in pain and grabbed her. He touched her cheek. “I’m beginning to wonder if this is such a good idea.”
She looked over at Sam. “Remember when Old Rex dumped me on the trail and I took that tumble down Rooster Hill?”
Sam laughed and winced. He had to grab his ribs. “I thought your daddy was going to have a heart attack when you walked in the office door. You looked like hell.”
Aden sighed. “That’s about the way I feel right now.” She closed her eyes.
Michael gave her a hug. “Let’s get you inside.”
Clem helped her down from the back. Sam got out and opened the front door while Michael and Clem helped her up the steps. Clem looked over at Michael once the door was shut. “I’m going to recommend a hot shower, something to eat and especially some fluids, and then some sleep.”
Aden leaned on Michael. “I don’t know if I have the energy for all of that.”
“I’ll help you.” He held her close.
Sam put a hand on Aden’s shoulder. “I’ll see if Annie has any soup going. That’s sound like it will fit the bill the best.”
Clem looked up the stairs. “You going to need help getting her up there?”
“I think I can manage.”
Clem tugged on Sam’s arm. “Come on. I’ll give you a ride. I got a package to deal with.”
Michael cleared his throat. “Wait on that until I get Aden into bed. I’ll come give you a hand.”
“Thanks.” Clem and Sam left.
Michael got her upstairs and helped her get her clothes off. “I’d join you in the shower if you need me to but I’ll have to get dressed again.”
She touched his face. “I can manage.”
Aden showered and Michael tucked her into bed. He heard footsteps on the stairs and leaned out of the door. Sam was just coming up. Michael could smell the soup. “That’s powerful stuff.”
Sam grinned. “Annie has a cauldron going in the kitchen.”
Michael laughed. “That explains everything!” He took the lidded bowl Sam handed him and brought it into Aden.
She had propped herself up on pillows. “I’m doing better, honest.”
Michael sat down beside her and handed her the bowl. “Try to finish this off, especially the broth. The warm liquid is good for you.”
She looked up at Sam, who was leaning against the door frame. “You look a little worse for wear.”
He smiled at her. “I guess the Sweetvale Sheriff’s position is hard on personnel. I’ll make you a deal. You stay in bed and get some sleep and I’ll match you.”
“Sounds like a plan.” She looked over at the badge that Michael had placed on the bedside table. “I’ll be glad to give that piece of metal back to you.”
Sam looked down and closed his eyes. “I’m sorry, Aden. I should have never put you in that kind of position. It wasn’t fair to you.”
Aden held out her hand to him. “Hey. This corner of the world is too small for that kind of thinking.”
He stepped into the room and took her hand. “That sounds like your old man talking.” He kissed her fingers. “You get better. Okay?”
“And you go get some sleep.”
Sam grinned and gave her a mock salute. “Yes ma’am, Miss Sheriff.”
She threatened him playfully with the bowl. Michael caught it. “We’ll have none of that. No food fights allowed. This needs to get inside of you.” He handed her the spoon and kissed her forehead. “I’ll make sure Sam gets to his door. Then I need to give Clem a hand with something.” His throat tightened. He pulled in air. “I’ll be back in a little bit.”
Michael and Sam went down the stairs. Michael paused at the bottom. Clem was seated at the table, his head down on his arms. His body shook. Michael could hear the muffled sobs. He came forward and put a hand on Clem’s shoulders. “Hey, Army.”
Clem sat up, pulled out a handkerchief, and wiped his face. “Sorry. It’s just getting to me.”
“I know.” Headlights caught his attention. He looked up and saw the rigs park in front of the house. “That’s a relief.” He looked over at Sam. “How about you follow through on that promise you made to Aden. I’m going to let Daniel tuck you in.”
Sam’s face went taut. “I’m old enough to tuck myself in.” He went out the door.
Michael followed, concerned. Sam walked across the lawn to the house next door, ignoring the men walking up the driveway. Michael shook his head. “That’s a scary mold.”
Daniel paused at the bottom step. He watched Sam go in the house. The door slammed. Daniel looked down at the ground. “Wonder how long he’s going to be pissed at me this time.”
Clem came out and shut the door. He walked down the steps and paused beside Daniel. “Don’t let him stay that way. It’s not good for either of you.” He continued toward the squad.
Michael remembered what he’d put in the rescue squad and rushed down the steps. “Hey, Clem? Let me grab a few things and get them down to the lab.”
Clem stopped at the back and leaned against the side of the rig. “Good plan. I’ll wait here for you.”
Michael grabbed the blood sample and Jack’s notebook and took them in. He dropped the blood into the containment unit and left the notebook on the counter. When he returned, Clem, Joseph, and Daniel were having a quiet discussion. Michael felt uncomfortable and didn’t want to disturb them.
Joseph looked up and noticed him. He patted Daniel on the shoulder. “Let’s get back to the café. We’d better break the news to Annie.”
Clem put a hand on Daniel’s shoulder. “Break it to Cindy gently. She’s already got way too much stress on her plate.”
Daniel and Joseph left. Michael walked up to Clem. “Are you ready for this?”
Clem didn’t say anything. He went around to the driver’s side and got in. Michael got in the other. Clem drove down the street and backed down the narrow alley beside the fire station. He shut off the engine and looked over at Michael. “I’ll crawl up top and lower him down.”
Michael got out and waited below as Clem climbed up. He was worried about him. He’d never seen Clem so subdued. 
Clem looked over the edge. “There’s a couple pairs of work gloves behind the seat. They’ll probably be more practical for this.”
“Got it.” Michael pulled them out and handed a pair up to Clem. He grabbed the stretcher as Clem lowered it down.
They got the bag into the morgue and put it in an empty drawer. Clem’s hands were shaking so hard he could hardly fill out the card. He slipped it in the slot and leaned against the unit. He put his head on his arm and sobbed.
Michael put his hand on Clem’s shoulder. He’d done too many autopsies during his college days. The corpses had lost significance to him. He inhaled and realized how bad the room smelled. “Is the vent unit still going?”
Clem looked up at the ceiling. “Sounds like it.” He sniffed. “Wow! What the hell?” He reached for a drawer.
Michael stopped him. “We should suit up if you’re going to open that.”
Clem turned and looked at him. “I don’t think I have the strength for that tonight. I need a stiff drink. Care to join me?”
Michael closed his eyes. He hadn’t had a drink in a very long time. Alcohol had cost him everything. He looked at Clem. “I can’t. I need to get back and check on Aden.”
Clem nodded. “I’m going to crawl back to my place. We can take care of this mess in the morning.”
“I’ll meet you in the café at eight.”
Clem agreed. They left the morgue and went out the back door. “I got to put the squad away.” He tapped his portable. “Call if you need me. Aden’s radio is in the charger in her daddy’s office.”
Michael walked back to the house under the glow of the dazzling strings of lights. The town looked like it was decked out for a festival. It reminded him of a picture he’d seen of a death parade.
He found Aden asleep. He was tired but too restless to even think about laying down. He went down to the lab and pulled the sample from the containment unit. He looked at the crimson fluid inside. It shouldn’t be that red anymore. He put on safety gear and pulled a small amount with a pipette. He prepped a slide. While he waited for the STEM, he opened Jack’s notebook and began paging through it.
Michael lost track of time. What he saw on the monitor both terrified and fascinated him. He’d seen a lot of different viruses over the years but never one like this. It seemed to be actively protecting the host cells. At least he’d finally identified the transport cells. It was modifying T-cells, much in the same way HIV did. That chilled him. There was still no positive cure for that virus and researchers around the globe had been working on it for years.
He tried several different compounds to block the absorption but nothing had worked. He stared at the sample sitting in the tube rack. What was he missing? He looked over at Jack’s notes again. There was no question that the unusual protein was somehow connected. This virus had been known to these early pioneers of virology. The protein chains were slightly different. Was it mutational drift or something else?
He flipped the page to the other formula he’d been working on. Jack’s holy water. What a concept. You certainly didn’t want that sprinkled on you. He lifted the test tube and looked at it in the light. It looked like water except for the slight pearly sheen.
Michael lost his balance and caught himself on the counter. He was getting too tired. It was time to wrap it up and get some sleep. He needed to meet Clem in a few hours. He set the tube in the rack and reached for the sample. The sleeve of his lab coat caught on the rack. It tipped over. Both vials spilled across the surface. “No!”
Michael scooped up the sample tube but dropped it quickly. It foamed over and was hot to the touch. Michael backed away from the bench. “A delta reaction?”
He thought about the way Duval had reacted when Jack had doused him with the holy water. He watched the sample hiss and foam. There was definitely a serious reaction going on.
He sighed and cleaned up the mess. All he had left was the sample on the slide in the STEM. He carefully retrieved it and put it in the containment unit. That wasn’t going to be enough to work with. He’d have to find more somehow.
He turned off the lights and climbed both sets of stairs. He barely had enough energy left to strip off his clothes and fall into bed beside Aden. She moaned in her sleep and rolled toward him. He curled around her and closed his eyes.
“Michael? Can you hear me?” Aden’s tone was worried. “Come on. Just open your eyes.”
He didn’t want to. He’d just closed them. She was shaking him harder now. He tensed. Was she all right? He managed to open his eyes and blinked. Sunlight was streaming in the window. “Is it morning already?”
Aden almost collapsed on him. She was shaking. “I was worried there for a moment. I couldn’t even tell if you were breathing.” She ran her fingers along his face and down his neck. “What happened?”
Michael took a deep breath and hoped the oxygen would help wake him. “I think I stayed up too late.”
“I thought you were coming back right away.”
He looked up at her. “I did but I couldn’t sleep.” He pulled her into his arms and held her gently. “How are you doing this morning? Any tender spots?”
She nestled close. “Nothing unexpected. I feel like I’ve been kicked by a horse.” She sighed. “I don’t really want to get up but there are a whole lot of things I’ve got to deal with this morning.” She leaned on an elbow and looked down at him.
Michael ran his hands through her hair. What was he going to tell her? He swallowed hard. “I’ve got a better idea of what we’re dealing with.”
“That tone worries me. This isn’t a mutant strain of the measles were dealing with. Is it?”
“No. It’s considerably more dangerous than that.” He ran his fingers along the side of her face. His throat constricted. “I don’t want to lose you.”
She caught his hand. “I’m sorry about yesterday.”
He pulled her down and kissed her. He reluctantly broke the kiss. “What time is it?”
She looked over at the clock. “Almost eight.”
Michael closed his eyes and sighed. “I told Clem I’d meet him at the café.” He looked over at her. “I wish I had time to show you everything.” He rolled out of bed and got dressed. She did the same.
Aden started for the door and he called her back. She paused and looked at him. He pointed at the badge on the bedside table. Aden picked it up and held it. “I never wanted this. Heck, I tried to get rid of the other one.”
Michael grinned. “I see you pinned it on Daniel.”
“It’s the newest game in town.” She stuck it to her shirt and looked up at him. “Pin the badge on the deputy.”
“I’m supposed to tell you that your radio is on the charger in your dad’s office.”
Aden disappeared out the door and Michael followed. She went into another room. He vaguely remembered her mentioning it when she’d first brought him to the house. He hadn’t even looked in it. He’d been too busy moving furniture around and setting up a lab to really pay attention to the rest of the rooms.
She came back out with the radio. “Big A to Danny Boy. Status check.”
Daniel answered. “I’m working with Ian to keep things under control at the school. I’ll meet you at the café in a few.”
“Copy that.” Aden signed off and clipped the radio to her belt. “I wonder what’s going on now.”
Michael put his arm around her waist and led her down stairs. “I talked to Ian yesterday. People are worried because of all the rumors flying around. I tried to explain the virus the best I could to him. He seemed to understand and said he’d try to calm everyone down.”
Aden sighed and grabbed the official coat off the peg. She slipped it on and opened the door. “Sounds like you and I are both headed in the same direction. Care to walk with me?”
Michael felt dizzy. He grabbed the banister.
Aden rushed to his side. “Hey, what’s going on?”
“Do you remember the first time you said that to me?”
Aden smiled. She kissed him lightly. “I never regretted it.” She put her arm around him and pulled him out the door. “So tell me what kept you up all night.”
He did his best to fill her in on the details as they walked down the street. He paused as they approached the café porch. “I know Ian doesn’t want people to have to leave the area, but it might come to that, Aden. I may not be able to stop this virus.”
Aden hugged him. “Let’s hope it doesn’t come to that. This community is a lot smaller than it was when I was a kid but there are still over five hundred people that eek out a living up here. Many of them have nowhere else to go and certainly not enough money to survive on.”
Michael pulled her close and put his forehead on hers. He was scared to tell her that he’d killed the sample. 
A couple of young men came out of the café carrying a large pot between them. They both nodded and one of them called, “Morning, Sheriff Aden!”
Aden frowned. “I am not the sheriff.” She looked up at him. “The sooner Clem clears Sam for duty, the happier I’m going to be.”
Michael smelled the oatmeal as the men walked down the street toward the school. It made his stomach rumble. “We need to get some of that.”
Aden laughed and pulled him inside. “I’m with you. The soup was good last night and probably all I could manage but this morning, I’m starving.”
The main room was packed. Michael looked around the crowd. “I don’t see Clem anywhere.”
Aden led him toward a table where Jimmy sat with an elderly lady. It must be his grandmother. Aden went up to the old woman and gave her a hug. “Good morning, Nana Emma.”
The old woman looked flustered. She turned to Jimmy. “I can’t see Aaron anywhere. If he doesn’t hurry, he’s going to miss the party.”
Aden closed her eyes and kissed her on the head. “Don’t worry. Everything will be fine.”
Jimmy nodded at Michael. “Why don’t you join us? Miss Annie just went back for more breakfast rolls.”
Michael pulled out a chair for Aden and sat down next to her. Annie came out of the kitchen with a huge tray of steaming rolls. She set plates of them on tables around the room. She put the last one in the middle of their table and leaned over to give Aden a hug. “How are you feeling this morning, Darlin’?”
“Your soup was great last night and I’ll be even better after a couple of your breakfast rolls.”
Annie smiled. “It’s a relief to see you eating.”
Michael looked up and saw Cindy coming down the stairs. She was in such a hurry, she slid on a step. Michael tapped Aden’s arm and was moving before Cindy got up again. He pushed his way through the startled crowd. “You any worse for the wear?”
Cindy blushed. “I’m okay. Haven’t done that in awhile.”
Aden appeared beside him. “Is everything good? I can call for Clem or Maggie.”
Cindy’s blush deepened. “I’m headed over there right now. Clark sent Andy over. Beth is in full labor and Maggie wanted me to come and help.”
Michael noticed Cindy didn’t meet Aden’s eyes. Was it because of Daniel?
Annie met Cindy at the bottom of the steps. She looked pale. “You sure?”
“Mama, I’m fine.” Cindy pushed past Annie and slipped out the door.
Annie looked at Michael and Aden. “Thanks for jumping like that.” She was shaking.
Michael came down the stairs. He leaned close and dropped his voice. “Why don’t you get some juice?” He took her hand and felt her pulse. He didn’t want her crashing again. “Isn’t there anyone who can help you here?”
Annie patted his arm. “Don’t worry about me. I’ve been doing this on my own almost forty years. I can manage.” She sighed. “But I will listen to the doctor and get a glass of juice.” She smiled at him and went to the kitchen.
Michael and Aden went back to the table. Michael noticed Emma was pulling at her napkin. He leaned on Aden’s shoulder. “She’s not doing well in here.”
Aden looked over at Emma then turned to Jimmy. “Did you know your granny used to be a midwife?”
He looked surprised. “She did?”
“It might do her good if you took her over to see Beth. Maybe she can help.”
Jimmy looked a little suspicious. “I wouldn’t want her to be in the way.”
Michael took the old woman’s hand. It felt like tissue paper. She looked at him. He smiled warmly. “Emma? There’s a baby on the way. Beth is in labor.”
Emma’s eyes went wide. “Oh! I should be there!” She looked over at Jimmy. “Why didn’t you tell me there was a birthing? What are we doing sitting here?” She got up and Jimmy jumped up to help her. She hurried out the door with Jimmy in her wake.
Aden turned to Michael. “Do you think that was a good idea?”
“I remember my grandmother. She was pretty old and couldn’t remember anything about the current day. But ask her about something from her younger days, she’d put a history professor to shame.”
Aden leaned on his shoulder. “You’re a gem.” She jumped and grabbed her pocket. She pulled out her phone. “I keep forgetting there’s a sacred spot here.” She looked at the display and rolled her eyes. “I’ll call Sarah later.”
“Should I remind you?”
She looked at him. “No.” She grabbed a couple of the breakfast rolls. “But I do need to make a phone call. I’m not looking forward to it.” She got up and kissed him on the forehead. “I have to head over to the office. If Daniel shows up here, send him my way. If I see Clem, I’ll send him yours.”
“Deal.” He stood and gave her a hug. “Remember to drink something with those.”
Aden grinned at him. “Yes, Doctor Cline.” She winked at him and went out.
Michael sat back down. He kept an eye on the door while he munched on a couple of the breakfast rolls. They certainly were tasty.
A few minutes later, Daniel and Joseph came in. They went to the counter and helped themselves to coffee. Michael got up and headed in their direction.
Daniel leaned on the counter. “I know it’s crazy, Joe. Just seeing her like that scared me to death. I don’t know what I would do if anything happened to Aden.”
Michael paused. Was Daniel going to be hostile towards him again? He didn’t really want to make a scene in the café.
Joseph put a hand on Daniel’s shoulder. “I didn’t intend to put her or Jack in danger.”
Daniel looked down at his coffee. “I know.” He looked ready to cry. “Dad is all pissed at me because I’m worried about her. He just doesn’t understand. I don’t know if I really understand.”
Joseph sat on a stool and motioned for Daniel to sit. “What don’t you understand?”
Daniel looked up at Joseph. “I’m worried about Cindy with the baby on the way and all. But I’m worried about Aden, too. It’s all so confusing.”
 “Daniel, you’re worried about them because you love them.” Daniel started to protest but Joseph put up his hand. “There are many kinds of love. We love our parents because we are extensions of their threads, just as parents love their children for the same reason. We love our siblings because they share common threads. We love other people in our lives because we have chosen to weave our threads together with theirs. Real love is all about sharing threads.”
Daniel frowned. “Threads?” He sighed deeply. “Some times I just don’t get you, Joe.”
Joseph picked up his coffee cup. “I didn’t understand love when I was married. I had it confused with emotions. I was jealous of other men who looked at my wife. I was proud of how beautiful she looked and hoped others were envious of me. I lusted after her but we never really loved each other.”
“How long were you married?”
“Nine years.” He drained his cup and set it down. “Real love is a commitment to another person. It’s not how you feel but how you act. Love is a verb, not an adjective.” Joseph looked up and noticed Michael. “Ah, here comes our doctor.”
Michael swallowed hard and moved forward. Daniel seemed to be ignoring him so he focused on Joseph. “You wouldn’t have happened to see Clem this morning, would you? I was supposed to meet him here at eight.”
Daniel looked at his watch. “That’s Clem. He’s on hill time this morning.” He glanced at Michael. “Where’s Aden?”
“She’s at the office. She had to make a phone call.”
Daniel got off the stool. “She wanted to chat with me. I’m sure she wants to know what happened over at the school this morning.”
Annie came out of the kitchen with a loaded basket in her hands. “Dan, would you give me a hand?”
He came forward. “What do you need, Mom?”
“Cindy is over at the Willow Cabin. Bethy is in labor, you know. There’s a bunch of ladies over there helping so I put together some food for them.”
Daniel smiled and took the basket. He kissed her on the cheek. “The world could be coming to an end but you’d make sure we were at least well fed.”
Annie pulled the towel from her apron strings and flicked it at him. She laughed. “Oh, you go on!”
Daniel looked back at Michael. “Tell Aden I’ll be over in a shake.” He hoisted the basket and headed for the door.
Annie went about with a tub and started collecting plates. People were beginning to drift out. Joseph motioned to the corner table, which was now empty. “Why don’t we have a seat?”
Michael followed him to the table. He was concerned by the look on Joseph’s face. He sat down opposite him and studied his taut features. “Did you get any sleep last night?”
Joseph didn’t meet his eyes. “Do I look as tired as you do?” His voice was quiet and serious.
“Just about.”
Joseph looked up at him. “I keep going over all the decisions I made yesterday, trying to figure out if I made bad ones.”
“Joe, you can't blame yourself for Jack’s death. There was no way you could have stopped Duval.”
Joseph shook his head. “Blame goes with shame. That’s not what I’m doing. I’m taking responsibility. I made a decision that cost someone else his life. I have to evaluate what I did so I don’t make the same mistake again.”
Michael closed his eyes. He’d spent months once blaming himself for the death of a person he didn’t even know. He’d missed something in a lab sample and the patient had been misdiagnosed. He’d died because of it. George had given him a lecture on dwelling on things he couldn’t change. He looked at Joseph. “Jack is gone. There’s nothing we can do that will bring him back.”
Joseph covered his face with his hands. “I know.”
Annie came over to the table and put a hand on Joseph’s shoulder. “Hey, don’t you go falling apart on me. You’re the rock, remember?”
He looked up at her. He wrapped his arms around her waist and hugged her. “Thank you, Annie.”
She hugged him bag. She took a ragged breath. “I’ll miss him, too.” She gave Joseph another squeeze and let him go. She wiped his tears away with her towel. “I’ve got a heap of dishes to do. You holler if you boys need anything.”
Joseph let her go. He closed his eyes and sat breathing for a few moments. “Was the blood sample useful?”
The question caught Michael off guard. He swallowed hard. “It was. I was able to confirm that the transport cell is in the blood. The virus is modifying the T-cells. Those are the primary hosts - the cells that the virions can get into. I’m still not sure on the replication process, though. Even in those cells, I’m just not seeing it.” His hands were shaking.
Joseph frowned and grabbed Michael’s hands. “What’s wrong?”
Michael closed his eyes. “I accidentally killed the sample early this morning. I was so tired. I dumped over the test tube rack. I had a tube of Jack’s holy water in it as well as the sample. That’s quite a reaction.”
Joseph gasped. “The holy water really works?”
Michael nodded. “The chemical formula was in the notebook. I’d copied it down a few days ago. I made sure that George included all the chemicals in the set he brought out.” He rubbed his forehead with his fingertips. “But now I don’t have any more blood to work with.”
Joseph was silent. Michael opened his eyes and looked at him. Joseph leaned forward. “How much blood do you need?”
“One clean tube would go a long way. If I’m going to have any chance of creating a serum, I’ve got to have a blood sample to work from.”
“Then we’ll have to get you one.”
Michael froze in his seat. “What? How?”
“I know where Duval is. We learned a lot about him yesterday.” He looked around the room and leaned closer. “Dan and I decided not to say anything.”
Michael leaned over the table and dropped his voice. “About what?”
“Duval came back while Dan was cutting up the tree. I blew a couple of good holes in him. He wasn’t looking so good when he finally crawled away. I actually thought about going after him last night but he has the advantage in the dark.”
Michael leaned back in the chair and studied Joseph’s face. “You’re serious?”
“Is there any other way to make the serum?”
Michael closed his eyes. He thought about the small sample in the containment unit at the lab. Could that be enough? He didn’t know. It still bothered him that he’d lost the rest of the sample. What had Joseph said about taking responsibility? Michael sighed. “None that I know of.”
Joseph nodded. “Duval will be weak and we’ve got another bright sunny day. He’s not in Cat Creek anymore. He’s using Mule Creek now. I know how to get us close. We go in. I blow a few holes in him to slow him down, and you grab the blood you need. Then we get out of there as fast as we can.”
Michael chewed on his lip. It sounded like a good plan. “Maybe I can balance the odds. I have plenty of chemicals at my disposal. I should be able to put together a strong tranquilizer. I had to pull blood work from a large gorilla at the zoo once after it bit a keeper. I’ll double the dose.”
“Good plan.”
Michael looked around the empty room. Clem still hadn’t shown up. That worried him a little. Annie came out with a dish pan to collect more dishes. “Hey, Annie. Have you seen Clem?”
She stopped and put the pan on a table. She fingered the towel. “He came in for some ice last night.” Her voice was quiet. “We probably won’t see him till noon or later.”
Michael frowned. “Why?”
Joseph shook his head. “That’s a hell of a sand trap to get sucked into. The mud at the bottom is very thick.” He got up and hugged Annie. “Better make him some of your special coffee.”
Annie picked up her tray. Michael could see the worry lines on her face. “I’ll tell him you asked about him.” She walked toward the tables and started collecting dishes.
Michael got up and followed Joseph out. He stopped on the porch where a couple of kids were playing jacks. Joseph sighed. “We have to stop this. For their sake.”
Michael looked down at the happy kids. “Aden’s not going to like this.”
“If we do this right, we’ll be back before she knows we’re gone.” He reached around and turned off his radio. “I just didn’t hear her call.” He pointed toward a beat up looking pick-up behind the café. “That’s mine. We can stop at your place for the things you need.”
Michael watched the pride on the little girl’s face as she managed to capture all ten jacks with the ball. He kept that vision in his mind as he followed Joseph off the porch toward the truck.
* * *

Aden shook hands with Mr. McGrayson. “Thanks for keeping everything under control, Ian. We’re working as fast as we can to deal with this problem.”
“I know you are. Please tell the doctor thank you for me.” He nodded and walked away.
Aden went into the office. It was still a mess from the previous day. She’d have to do a little cleaning. But there was a duty she couldn’t put off any longer. She didn’t know if Jack had any next of kin. Maybe Detective Peters would know.
She dropped into the chair by the computer and dialed the number. She was relieved when he answered. “I’m afraid I have some bad news.”
“Deputy Anderson? You don’t sound so good.”
That was an understatement. “I’m currently acting sheriff until Sam recovers enough to return to duty. Duval injured him pretty bad the night before.”
She heard him swallow over the connection. “Was he bitten?”
“No, thank goodness. We’re sure now that the virus is responsible for Duval’s condition. It’s pretty serious. Michael is working with the CDC to identify it.”
Peters gasped. “You’ve actually found something? How is that bad news?”
Aden closed her eyes. “Jack is dead.” She paused to give him a moment to digest that. “Duval attacked us on the road last night and Jack stepped in to protect me.” Her throat closed. She couldn’t finish.
She could hear Peters struggling to breathe. “I don’t think he had any family. At least he never spoke of any. His mother had already passed away and his girlfriend.” He choked up. “She was a victim, too.”
“I know. He told me.” Aden fought to get her emotions under control.
She heard his chair squeak. “I wish I could say more but I have to be careful. There’s something going on in the office. My partner, David Saulenson, he’s out talking to Father Gunther right now. It was a lead Jack gave us. Dave is starting to take some of what Jack was saying quite seriously.”
Aden clenched her fist to try to stop her hand from shaking. “This virus is dangerous. It’s spread through saliva. It causes light sensitivity and rapid healing. Michael says the virus protects its host. He’s never seen anything like it. He says it interrupts the connection between the victim’s brain stem and frontal cortex. They lose the ability to process their actions. The virus modifies its host for its own survival.”
Peters sighed deeply. “That would explain a lot.” His breathing became more rapid. “I have to go.”
Aden heard the fear in his voice. “Are you concerned for your own safety in the office?”
“I can’t say more now. Good luck.” The line went silent.
Aden felt the tingle weave up her spine. She put the receiver back in the cradle. What was going on? She woke up the computer and opened the files he’d sent her a few days before. Could there be more hidden in them that she hadn’t found?
She heard the office door open. She could tell it was Sam. He was breathing heavy. That worried her. She thought of what Detective Peters had just told her. There was no way she could explain all that to Sam. She really wanted to get rid of the piece of metal dangling on her shirt. Was he strong enough to carry it?
He was standing there staring at her. It made her uncomfortable. “So, what lecture do I get this morning?”
Sam slowly came forward and took a seat on one of the plastic chairs. “You scared the hell out of me last night.” His voice was quiet and flat. “I thought I’d lost you.”
Aden looked down at her hands. They were shaking. So was the rest of her. “I messed up good this time. And now Jack is dead.”
“Everyone seems to want the blame for that.” His voice was very quiet.
Aden turned around. He was leaning forward in the chair, his arms resting on his knees, his hands crossed, studying the ground. She could see his jaw moving. “Sam. Joseph made a lot of valid points. It was a bright sunny day. We found a lot. I pulled us out as soon as I realized we were in trouble, but maybe it should have been sooner.”
Sam looked up at her. “Enough said. As Joe so loves to remind me, the past is passed.” He sat up and leaned back in the chair. “But now we need to figure out what to do. We can’t let this thing destroy our community. We have to stop it.”
“Michael is working as fast as he can. I don’t know what time he finally came to bed last night. I was worried about him this morning. I couldn’t tell if he was breathing.” Her gut tightened just thinking about it.
Sam closed his eyes. “I owe both of you an apology.” He looked at her again. “I really do need you. And we need Doc. If you think there’s something he can do to take that thing down, I’m all for it.”
The tendrils curled around her gut. “Sam. I don’t want to fight about this again. I’m stuck with this piece of metal until Clem clears you for duty so you’re just going to have to deal. Duval is a murderer - there’s no question about that. But he’s not a thing or a beast. He’s a man driven insane by a virus. I don’t fully understand all the biology of what gives him the abilities he has, but there’s a rational answer, not a mythical or fantastic one. He’s not a vampire.”
Sam set his jaw and pushed out of the chair. He didn’t meet her eyes. “I think you’re wrong. I’ve seen a lot in my life time. Your father and I, when we were in Nam, we saw a lot of hell. But nothing like this.” He moved toward the door, reached for the handle, and paused. He looked back at her. “I just hope you don’t realize it too late.”
Aden watched Sam walk out the door. What if he was right? She couldn’t afford to start thinking that way. She turned back to the computer. An email had come in. It was from Detective Peters.
Aden opened the email. The text was short. ‘See the attachment.’ She clicked on it and an autopsy report opened. She stared at it, not really understanding most of what it said. The pictures were worth more than all the words. She recognized Duval’s work. It must be the results from one of the victims that Peters had been waiting on. This could be important to Michael. She hit the print button, finished the last of her coffee, and grabbed the document from the printer.
Aden wasn’t sure where to look. He’d been waiting for Clem at the café so she decided to start there. The place was empty except for Clem. He was sitting at the counter. She walked up to him.
He looked like hell. He was nursing a cup of coffee and rubbing his forehead. Clem glanced up at her as she stopped next to him. “Shouldn’t you still be in bed?”
Aden frowned. “Didn’t Michael find you?”
Clem’s attitude changed immediately. “No. What’s wrong?”
Several people came in and sat down at a table. She didn’t want to say anything in front of anyone. She motioned toward the door. Clem slipped off the stool and followed her outside. She wasn’t sure where to go. 
He sighed. “I have something for you anyway. Come with me.” Clem took the lead and they headed for the fire station. 
Aden noticed he was rubbing the back of his head. “So what happened to you?”
“I got hit on the head with a bottle.”
She tensed. “Who should I arrest?”
Clem unlocked the small front door of the fire station and held it open for her. “Me.” The door closed and they continued through the bay to the back.
They went through another door and into the back hall. Aden paused and looked toward the morgue. Both white suits hung on pegs next to a bench. “I was wondering if he’d gone on ahead.”
Clem shook his head. “I really should just give him a key. He knows a whole lot more about what’s going on in that room than I do right now.”
Aden wrinkled her nose. “What is that awful smell?”
Clem sighed and led her in the opposite direction. He opened another door and pointed toward a conference table. “Make yourself at home. There are a couple of documents I need you to sign.” He went into a small side office and returned with some forms in his hand. He paused and looked at her. “You’re the acting sheriff right now. I’m sorry to put this on you but they’re supposed to be filled out and faxed in within 48 hours.”
He held out the forms and Aden took them. They were the death certificates for Henry and Jack. She lost her balance and grabbed the table for support. Clem helped her into a chair. Her hands shook as she looked at the documents. Had Clem and Sam had to sign her father’s death certificate? She didn’t want to ask. “Do you have a pen?” Her throat closed and she fought for air. He slid one over. She signed them and passed them back.
Clem sighed. “I’ll get these faxed over to the coroner right away.”
She remembered the pages she’d shoved in her pocket. “Before you go, take a quick look at these.” She pulled out the pages and handed them to Clem.
Clem studied them for a moment. He looked up at her. “Where did these come from?”
“The detective from Portland. I was trying to find Michael to show them to him.”
Clem put the certificates on the desk. “I’ll get to these later. This is more important. We need to find Doc right away. Let’s try the lab. Maybe he went back there when I didn’t show up on time.”
They went out the back door and hurried down the alley. Aden noticed that Clem was struggling with the light. “So you want to tell me what happened?”
“Let’s just say if I’d been in public last night you would have had just cause to set me up in one of your accommodations instead of my own.”
Aden stumbled and Clem caught her. She looked at him but didn’t say anything. She clenched her teeth. Her father had actually locked up her mother once. He hadn’t been able to figure out another way to keep her safe from herself.
They went into the house and down to the lab. It was dark. Clem flipped on the lights and looked around. “No note or anything. Where did we miss him?”
Aden noticed the chemicals on the counter. “What are these?”
Clem came over and looked at the bottles. “Michael, what were you concocting?” He whistled. “Did somebody import elephants without telling me?” His face tensed and he looked at Aden. “I got a bad feeling.”
Aden followed Clem out of the house. “He wouldn’t have!”
“Not by himself. We gotta find Daniel.” He pulled out his radio. “Rescue One to Danny Boy. What’s your twenty?”
Daniel answered. “Just headed back to the café.”
“Reroute to conference at FS.”
Daniel acknowledged. Clem clipped his radio back on his belt. “Daniel’s here, so it’s not him.”
“Sam was just in the office before I found you.” She jogged with Clem down the street toward the fire station.
“I’m glad to hear that on one side but a little worried on the other.” They arrived at the station at the same time Daniel did but he wasn’t alone. 
Annie was with him. Aden was concerned by the look on her face. “Annie?”
“I tried to catch you and Clem but you slipped out before I could get to you.”
Daniel grabbed Aden’s arm. “What’s going on?”
She looked at Annie. “Who’s he with?”
Annie looked pale. “Joe.”
Aden felt her knees give. Daniel caught her. “Whoa, Big A. Remember that gravity thing? It still works.”
Clem unlocked the fire station. “Bring her inside.”
Aden tried to get her balance back. “I’m all right. I just need to figure out what to do.” She realized she wasn’t wearing a portable. She’d left it on the computer desk. She looked at Daniel. “Can I borrow your radio?”
He grinned at her. “That is supposed to be part of the standard package, Sheriff.” He handed it to her.
She leaned into his arm. “Thanks.”
Clem had brought a med box out and waved the end of his stethoscope at her. “Mr. Bell would like a moment of your time.”
“He’ll have to take a rain check.” She keyed the radio and called for Joseph.
Everyone seemed to be holding their breath.
There was a loud knock at the door. Aden would have collapsed if Daniel hadn’t already been supporting her. She convinced her lungs to keep working.
Annie looked at Clem. “I’ll get that.”
Daniel squeezed her. “You still with us, A?”
She nodded and tried for Joseph again. Her call echoed on another radio. She turned. 
Sam was walking beside Annie. “What’s going on? Aden? You look like hell.”
Clem frowned. “Thank you. Now maybe she’ll let me have a listen.”
Aden looked at the radio then up at Daniel. “He’s not answering.” The tendrils closed around her heart and pulled tight.
* * *

Joseph’s old pick-up wound around the hillside and back into the higher slopes. Michael noticed the small homesteads that they passed. “I didn’t realize there were so many people back up here.”
Joseph turned off onto a narrow gravel road that had grass growing in the center strip. “It’s all about location. There’s a good port on the coast and these valleys tucked in the coastal hills are a sweet deal - maritime climate with just enough break from the wind to make them perfect.”
“For what?”
“My ancestors lived in these hills long before Europeans showed up. They knew the value of the meadows and thickets. Plenty of food. It was prime hunting grounds. Once the ships came, things changed. Timber for the loggers first then farmers and ranchers moved in for the land.”
Michael shivered as the trees closed in on both sides. He felt as if the forest was going to strangle him. They came to a stop by a narrow wooden bridge. “I’m glad we don’t have to go across that.”
Joseph shrugged. “We could if we needed to. Those old bridges are solid. They’re made from old growth cedar. They’ll probably still be here long after we’re gone.” He got out of the truck.
Michael swallowed hard and pushed open his door. “So why this spot?”
Joseph pulled a heavy rifle out of the gun rack. “This is as close as I can get us to the spot I think Duval has been spending most of his time.” He picked up a clip and stuck it in his pocket. “This is where we ran into trouble.”
Michael pulled the backpack out and slung it over his shoulder. “How are we going to stay out of trouble today?”
Joseph put a spotlight in his backpack and slipped it on. “We’re going to shed some extra light on the subject.” Joseph checked his watch and looked up at the sky. “It shouldn’t take us long to get up there. We should be back to town in an hour.”
Michael looked at his watch. It was after ten. He sighed. Hopefully Clem was okay. “Let’s get this over with.”
Joseph led the way down the side of the road grade next to the bridge. “Watch your step as you come down by the creek. The bank is loose down here.”
Michael did his best to follow. He got to the relatively flat bottom and looked around. The trees hung over the narrow gully, their branches closing over the top like grasping claws. Michael’s chest tightened. He needed the blood. “So where do we find Duval?”
Joseph pointed up the creek bed. “This is Mule Creek. I think Duval spent the day yesterday in a little overhang not far from here. By what we could tell, he’s been using this drainage a lot.” He looked at Michael. “Are you ready?”
“You don’t want the honest answer to that.” Michael tightened the straps. “Lead on.”
They started up the wash with Joseph in the lead. He paused at a muddy spot and pointed at the ground. “He’s been here.” The tracks were clearly visible. They continued on.
Michael jumped at every small sound. His heart raced when a small furry creature darted out in front of them. “What was that?”
Joseph grinned at him. “Just a little ground squirrel. There are lots of living things out here.”
Michael studied the dense forest on either side the deep ravine. “Really? I’d like to remain one of them.”
Joseph chuckled. “Duval will be under cover for now. The light hurts his eyes, remember?”
Michael tried to keep that in mind. “And what about other things? I seem to recall Aden mentioning bears and mountain lions.”
“You don’t have to worry about cats. They’re more afraid of you than you are of them.”
Michael figured in that case, they must be cowering. “That’s good to know.” Could Joseph hear the tremor in his voice?
“As far as bears go, you just have to respect them. Bears really aren’t out to hurt you. They are far more interested in berries and bugs. People just tend to do stupid things and annoy them.”
Michael thought about the cover he’d seen on a hunting magazine while standing in line at the market. “Who in their right mind would annoy something that’s all claws and teeth?”
“You’d be amazed what stupid people do.”
Like what they were doing? He shuddered. He slid on a rock and caught himself on a log. His hand sunk into the spongy moss-covered surface. He panicked and pulled away.
Joseph caught him. “Michael! Breathe! It’s just a log.”
Michael slumped onto a rock. He curled over and sucked in air. What was he doing out here?
Joseph crouched beside him. “What’s wrong?”
Michael’s mind rang with distant long kept memories. His mother had asked him that very question. He’d never been able to answer. He wrapped his arms around his shoulders. “I don’t know if I can do this.”
Joseph put a hand on Michael’s arm. “Your soul looks heavy. What are you carrying?”
Michael slid the pack off. “Just the medical gear I need.”
Joseph shook his head. “I’m not talking about what you are physically carrying. I’m talking about the emotional sand. Things like fear, guilt, and shame. They’re heavy and they weigh your soul down.”
Michael remembered the sand. He understood that. “The whole soul thing, I’m not really into that.”
“Ah, you’re a doctor. Of course. Your medical training doesn’t cover things like that.”
Michael frowned. “I’ve cut up my share of bodies and I’ve never seen a soul. I don’t believe there’s an afterlife. Heaven or hell. So you can’t tell me that something beyond is better than what we have here. Souls are for folks who go to church. I’ve never care for that.”
Joseph sighed. “Boxed souls. Not for me either.” He pointed at the log Michael had fallen into. “What do you make of that?”
Michael was thrown by the abrupt change of topic. “A dead tree?”
“Are you sure it’s dead?”
Michael looked at the brown mush still clinging to his hand and started picking it off. “Pretty sure.”
“What’s it made of?”
Michael wiped the last particles on his pants. “Is this a trick question? Wood. Right?”
Joseph nodded. He pointed up at the forest above them. “And those trees. Are they alive?”
Michael looked up at the branches covered in bright green leaves. “I’m no botanist but I’d say they look pretty lively, for trees anyway.”
“How do you know?”
“Well, for starters, they’re green. Plants that are green are usually alive.”
Joseph turned and looked at him. “What are they made of?”
“Wood.” Michael frowned. What was he getting at?
Joseph pointed at the log again. “So this dead thing is made of wood and those live things are made of wood. What makes those alive and this dead?”
Michael shook his head. This was basic biology. “The trees are alive because their leaves photosynthesize sunlight into sugars.”
“And what is sunlight?”
“What kind of question is that? Light from the sun?”
Joseph grinned. “Be the scientist. What is it in its most basic form?”
Michael thought about it. “Energy.”
“Exactly.” 
Michael was totally confused. “I don’t get it.”
“That log can’t live anymore because it doesn’t have energy. Its soul is gone.”
The comment grabbed Michael’s attention for a different reason. He thought back to what had happened to the virus in the lab. It had finally run out of energy. He pushed off the rock and Joseph stood with him. He looked at Joseph. “Cellular energy. It’s what we were talking about in the lab.”
Joseph pulled a bandana out of his pocket and wiped his face. He held it up when he was done. “This piece of cloth was woven on a loom. The loom was strung with weft threads then weave threads were woven into the weft to create a pattern.”
Michael was only half listening. He was thinking about cellular energy processes. “What does that have to do with a soul?”
“Your body is a loom. Your parents laid down the original weft and helped you learn to weave when you were a child. The Universe lays down new weft everyday in the form of events and you weave your reactions into patterns of energy and store them as memories in your brain.”
“That’s an interesting idea.” Michael remembered a lecture from neurology class. “And we can recall these experiences and create new associations with new information.”
“Indeed. We do it all the time without thinking about it.” He wiped his face a final time and stuffed the bandana back into his pocket. “But cloth isn’t meant to stay on the loom. It’s not useful that way. If a person weaves a tight soul, it will continue beyond the body’s loom and exist as a unique energy pattern.”
Michael gasped. “The virus mutates into a unique life form.” He staggered.
Joseph caught him. “Michael?”
“That’s what’s going on.” He grabbed Joseph’s arm. “The virus isn’t mutating, the human cells are. I couldn’t figure out how the replication was working. Even with the blood cells. It didn’t make sense. It wasn’t interacting with the host nucleus like a regular DNA virus does but I couldn’t see any RNA activity in the cytoplasm.”
“I thought you said those were the only two kinds.”
Michael struggled to breathe. “There’s a special kind of DNA virus that doesn’t affect the DNA of the nucleus. We have a symbiotic unit in all of our cells. It’s called mitochondria. Its purpose is to create the energy needed for cell metabolism. It has its own DNA. That must be what the virus is interacting with!”
 Michael shivered. He felt cold but it wasn’t just his fear. He looked around and realized it looked darker. Sunlight no longer streamed between the leaves. His fear quickly turned to panic. “We have to get out of here, Joe.”
Joseph looked around. “I think the weather has changed on us.” He looked at Michael. “What about the blood?”
“There something that every first aid instructor drills home to you on day one. You can’t save someone else if you’re dead yourself.”
Joseph picked up his gun. “Point taken. Let’s get back to the truck.”
They started to turn. The side of the ravine collapsed above them. Joseph grabbed Michael and pulled him away from the tumbling debris. Duval hissed and slid down the side, creating another cascade of material in his wake.
Joseph cursed. “He’s too close! The backwash from the shot would get us!” He put himself between Michael and Duval and pulled the pack off his back. “Grab the spotlight!”
Michael pulled it out and turned it on.
Duval shrieked and threw up his hands to protect his eyes.
Joseph pulled Michael back. “We need to put some distance between him and us.”
“I’m all for that!” Michael tried to keep the beam pointed in Duval’s direction as Joseph hurried him down the creek bed.
Joseph leveled the gun and flipped off the safety. “I know Aden wants to bring this guy in and all, but under the circumstances, I might have to splatter him across the landscape.”
“Do what you have to do. Even officers have to shoot guys who are trying to kill them.”
Joseph paused and swung around. He pointed the gun at Duval and pulled the trigger. Several rounds boomed out of the gun. One of them hit Duval in the leg.
He roared so loud the trees over the creek shivered in response. He limped toward the side and ducked behind the rock that Michael had been resting on.
Joseph took another shot. The rock flared with impact and shards flew everywhere. 
Duval screamed again. He bound around the rock with amazing speed and flung himself at Joseph.
Michael pulled Joseph back and swung the spotlight at Duval. He felt it connect. He didn’t wait to see what damage had been done. He grabbed Joseph and started down the gully, trying to reach the brighter area he could see up ahead.
Duval snarled and leapt toward them again. Michael looked back and saw that the wound on his leg had already healed. He shown the spot light back on Duval but he wasn’t fully deterred this time.
Joseph corrected their course and pulled Michael away from a slippery section. “Why isn’t the light slowing him down?”
Michael looked back at Duval. “His eyes are almost closed. He must be using other senses to follow us.”
“He’s too close for me to try another shot.” Joseph missed a step, hit a boulder, and went down. He fell hard.
Michael managed not to land on him. “Joseph!” He reached into his bag, grabbed the syringe he’d prepared in the lab, and popped it out of the case. Duval topped the rock that Joseph had fallen over. Michael slammed the syringe home, pressing the plunger with his thumb.
Duval hissed and threw himself at Michael. His teeth snapped close to Michael’s face.
Michael scurried backward, trying to get out of Duval’s reach. Why wasn’t the anesthetic working? Duval should have been unconscious by now! Michael rammed into something behind him. Pain shot through his side. He gasped and grabbed for it. He felt hot sticky wetness on his fingers.
Duval went mad! He jumped on Michael, white foamy saliva dripping down from his mouth. He abruptly whirled away, screaming. 
Michael tried to wipe the foam off of his face. He looked up in time to see Duval knock Joseph back against the wall of the gully. Duval turned back toward Michael.
There was a distant bang and Duval was thrown backward. He rose. Another bang and he was thrown even farther. Every time he rose, the bang echoed up the gully, getting closer each time.
Michael could see the white pus flowing out of the holes in Duval’s body that the bullets had made. He understood now what was happening! Duval managed to scamper over the top of the ravine and disappear.
Michael closed his eyes. He heard the crunch of gravel as running feet approached. He grabbed his side and leaned forward. Michael gasped. That had been a mistake!
Hands grabbed him. “Michael!” Aden’s voice rang with concern. “Daniel! Check on Joe!” She pulled him into her arms. “Hang on.”
He leaned into her. “Please don’t give me a lecture right now.”
He could feel her shaking. She touched his face. “Did Duval bite you?”
Michael sighed and looked behind him. He could see the bloody end of the stick protruding from the fallen tree. “Nope. Just the tree.” He hugged her. “Help me up, will you?”
She pulled back and put her hands on his shoulders. “You shouldn’t move. Clem’s on his way with a stretcher.”
Michael grinned. “I’m not hurt that bad.”
She didn’t look happy but helped him up. She turned to Daniel, who was kneeling next to Joseph. “How is he?”
Daniel turned and looked at her. “He’s asking for Doc.”
Michael staggered across the streambed, ignoring the cold water that drenched his feet. He dropped to Joseph’s side. “Hang on.”
Joseph looked up at him and opened his hands. He held a syringe full of blood. “I got it.”
Michael swallowed hard. He looked around and noticed his backpack. “Aden, pass that over.”
She did. “What is it?”
Michael found the containment case, took the syringe from Joseph, and placed it the slot. He snapped the case closed and sighed. “There’s hope.”
Aden grabbed him. “I’m worried about you.”
Daniel gasped. “He’s bleeding!”
“I know.” Michael sighed and pulled the first aid kit from the pack. It was one of the small standard kits that every bio-haz team member carried.
He felt a hand on his shoulder. “I think I have something a little better than that.”
Michael looked up at Clem. “Hey, Army. Welcome to the party.”
Clem looked around then dropped next to Michael. “Never thought I’d find myself back in the trenches.”
Michael managed a chuckle but it was painful. Clem moved his shirt and Michael gasped. He could tell by the expression on Aden’s face that it was bad.
Clem whistled. “You’ve done a real number on yourself, Doc.” He pulled off the pack from his back. “We’ll get you fixed up in a jiffy.”
Daniel stood up quickly and looked around. “You’d better make it a fast one. I think we’ve got company.”
Joseph held out the gun to Aden. “Take the Bushmaster. You’re a better shot than I am.”
Aden swapped guns with him. “Those are just standard rounds.”
“Wise in tight quarters.” Joseph closed his eyes. “I didn’t think of that. That clip and the one in my pocket are both loaded with hot tips.”
Daniel moved out into the gully. “Murphy is just messing with us today. Feels like we got a good one coming in from the west.”
Aden groaned. “Just my luck.” She looked at Michael. “I hope this was worth it.”
Michael swallowed hard. He could tell she was mad. “I hope so, too.”
Clem tapped a needle. “Do I have to warn you? This hurts like hell.”
“Just do it.”
Aden helped Joseph to his feet then turned to Clem. “What is that?”
Clem stabbed the needle into Michael’s side. “Heavy duty antibiotics. Considering what Doc decided to dance with over there, I figure better safe than sorry.”
Michael gritted his teeth as the icy sting spread from the injection site. “That’s an experience I was hoping to never relive.”
Joseph put a hand on his shoulder. “The important part of that statement is that you’re alive to do it. At least Duval didn’t take a bite out of you.”
Michael looked up at him. “Thanks. For both parts.”
Joseph nodded and went to join Aden and Daniel in the creek bed.
Aden looked back at them. “Do this as quick as you can so we can get out of here.”
Clem looked over his shoulder. “I hear that.” He cleaned the area and did a fast check for splinters. “What the hell were you and Joe up here for, a little R and R?”
Michael gasped as Clem sprayed the wound with blood clot. “It’s in the bag.”
“Rabbit or coon?” Clem pressed a dressing and taped it in place.
“Blood.”
Clem froze. “Tell me it’s not from you-know-who?”
“It is.”
A loud boom echoed across the walls of the gully sending small showers of dirt down from the edges. Aden looked over at them. “I hate to break up a party but we’ve got to run. Duval is back!”
Daniel crouched and took a shot. “Damn! I hate these dark corners! It gives him places to hide.”
Joseph picked up the spotlight that Michael had dropped. “Be careful! We discovered that if he’s close enough, his other senses compensate.”
Aden glanced in Michael’s direction. “This dance doesn’t require an invitation, boys, and you’re more than welcome to do the hustle.”
Clem finished the wrap and helped Michael to his feet. “I think that’s our song.” Michael fought with his balance and Clem caught him. “Whoa, steady there, buddy. I’ve got a pack stretcher if you need it.”
Daniel took another shot. “Clem, if he can’t walk, I’ll toss him over my shoulder. We don’t have time to wrap him for Christmas. We need to go now.”
“I’ll be okay.” Michael reached for his pack and found himself on the ground. He gasped. What was going on?
Clem swore. He grabbed the packs and whistled. He tossed his med pack to Daniel and Michael’s pack to Aden. “Okay, Doc. I’m a little out of practice at this.” Clem hauled him up and draped him over his shoulder.
Michael felt the world spin. He heard all three guns fire. He turned his head so he could see Aden. She, Joseph, and Daniel were all backing down the drainage with Duval scurrying from one rock to the next.
Daniel glanced at Clem. “You sure you don’t want me to take him?”
“You can’t carry and shoot at the same time and I’m a lousy shot, which is why I’m a medic.”
Aden didn’t take her eyes off of Duval. “What’s his status, Clem?”
“I think it’s a combo pack of volume shock and ASR. The faster we can get him back to the squad, the happier I’ll be.”
Aden fired again. Duval howled in agony as part of his side exploded. He didn’t seem to be getting up very fast. “That may have slowed him down. Let’s boogie!”
Michael went in and out of consciousness as they struggled down the gully, trying to stay ahead of Duval. At one point, Clem slipped and fell. He managed to catch Michael and prevent him from face planting but he went down under Michael’s weight.
Daniel drop to his knees next to them. “Clem?”
“I’m okay. Is Michael breathing?”
Daniel leaned over him and touched his face. “He looks like hell but I can feel air.” He pulled Michael into his arms so Clem could get up. “You should let me carry him.”
“I’m all right.” Daniel helped get Michael back on Clem’s shoulders. “Besides, he ain’t heavy. Are you, brother?”
Michael couldn’t even speak. It terrified him. He hadn’t been this incapacitated before since the night he’d gotten so drunk that he tumbled down all three flights of stairs at his old apartment. It had been George that had scraped him off the ground that time. He’d not touched a drop since. Tears filled his eyes and he closed them.
The next time he opened his eyes, he was lying in the back of the rescue squad. Clem was hooking up an IV. He struggled to move.
Clem looked down at him. “There you are, Sunshine. How are you doing?”
Michael swallowed and struggled to speak. “Got to get the sample into the containment cooler at the lab.”
“Right now I’m far more worried about you.”
Michael managed to grab his arm. “Clem. This is vital. That blood sample may be our only hope.” He heard the gun shot and squeezed Clem’s fingers. “How many times have they hit him?”
Clem closed his eyes and bowed his head. “Too many times. There’s no way he should still be walking.”
“If my guess is right, he can take a lot as long as he still has blood in his body. The virus causes massive cell division to replace damaged tissue.” Michael felt like he was falling. He couldn’t hang on to Clem any longer. “The lab.”
“I will. I promise.” He put a mask over Michael’s face. “A shot of O-two wouldn’t do you any harm.”
Someone else came to the back of the squad. “How is he?” Aden’s voice was strained.
“He’s not up to the polka right now.” Clem adjusted the IV catheter and taped it down.
“Daniel can drive. I’m going to ride in the back of Joe’s truck so I have shot range if I need it.”
Michael tried to reach for her but he only managed to move his fingers. “Aden.” His voice sounded strange under the mask. He felt fingers curl around his own and forced his eyes to open.
Aden looked down at him. “Don’t worry. We’ll get you out of here.”
Someone else came to the back. “Aden? Daniel chased him up the ridge and blew a hole through his leg. He didn’t get up again.”
“If we could only be so lucky.” She squeezed Michael’s hand and let him go. Aden jumped down from the back of the squad. “Okay, Joe. Call him back. I want to get Michael out of here.”
“How is he?” Michael could hear the concern in Joseph’s voice.
Aden was trembling. “I don’t understand, Joe. Wasn’t yesterday bad enough?”
Joseph looked down. “I was foolish not to tell you.”
“I would have told you not to go. It’s a good thing that Annie overheard the two of you talking or I wouldn’t have had a clue where to look.”
“Michael needed that blood sample to make an antidote. He said there was no other way.”
Aden looked back at Michael. He tried to move but Clem restrained him. Aden looked at Clem. “I just hope this was all worth it.”
* - * - *
Part 4 - The Edge
Aden could feel the wind rising. The storm was approaching fast. She stopped at the driver’s door of the rescue squad. Daniel leaned out and grinned at her. “I always wanted to drive this.”
Aden didn’t feel like smiling. “Just be careful. Get down as quickly but as safely as you can. We’ll be right behind you. Holler on the radio if you have a problem.”
“Got it, Big A.” He looked at Clem in the rearview mirror. “Everybody ready back there?” Daniel pulled out.
Joseph came behind him and Aden jumped into the back of the truck. She tapped on the roof of the cab and Joseph followed the squad down the road. Aden swung the spot light around the back to cover the areas that the headlights didn’t reach.
The wind increased and every leaf and needle was stirred into motion. It made her nervous. She kept thinking something was jumping out of the bushes. Aden kept the gun ready.
As they came down to the paved road, Daniel picked up speed. Joseph paused and leaned out the window. “Are you going to be okay back there?”
“Just go. I know how to hang on.” Aden dropped to a crouch in the truck bed so the cab would shield her from the wind. She kept watching their backs.
The truck slowed and Aden glanced around. She could see the light of fires up ahead. There were at least six large bonfires along the edge of town. Daniel stopped briefly at a group of men that ran up to the squad. She saw that Sam was among them. He waved Joseph to come ahead.
As the truck came to a stop by the men, Sam came to the side. “I’ve got every available person taking shifts. We’ve got 15 large fires going around the edge of town.”
Aden jumped down from the back. “That’s great, until the storm hits. It will take too much to keep them going in the rain.” She watched the strings of lights dancing crazily in the wind. “As long as we don’t lose power we should be okay.”
Ian McGrayson, and his son, Hank joined them. “I’ve got the dogs spread out with the groups, too. Hopefully they will give us some advanced warning if he does show up.”
Aden nodded. She looked at Sam. “I want to get over to the house and help Clem with Michael.”
Sam grabbed her arm. “How bad is he hurt?”
“I don’t know. He fell backward onto a branch and it went through his side. We had a hard time getting him back down to the rigs.”
Sam looked at Ian. “If you’re set here, I’m going to ride with them over to the house and get an update on Doc’s condition.”
Ian looked worried. “I hope he’s all right. We need him in one piece.”
Aden felt the same way. She opened the tailgate and she and Sam hopped on. She tapped the side of the truck and Joseph drove to the house.
He stopped behind the rescue squad. The back doors were open and Daniel was leaning inside. Aden rushed forward. “How’s Michael doing?”
Clem looked out at her. “He’s doing a little better. He’s convinced me not to take him into town. I definitely want to do a good clean-up job on his side once we get him in where I’ve got light.”
Michael grabbed Clem’s hand and Clem turned to look at him. Aden couldn’t hear what he said but she could tell that Clem wasn’t very happy about it.
Daniel drummed the floor of the squad. “Let’s get him inside before this storm really cuts loose.”
Clem nodded. Aden backed up to get out of the way as they pulled the wheeled stretcher out. She ran up the porch steps and unlocked the door. She held it open as they brought the stretcher in. Clem looked up the stairs. “I’d rather not have to take him up those.”
Aden flipped on the lights in the living room. She hadn’t really gone into the room since she’d been back. It felt strange. The old sofa bed was still there. “Here Dan, give me a hand with this.”
“Slumber party time!” Daniel started pulling cushions off and tossing them aside. They worked together to pull out the bed.
Aden headed for the stairs. “I’ll bring blankets and sheets down.”
She ran up the stairs and pulled out some linens. She rushed back down. Clem had Michael sitting up on the edge of the stretcher. Michael looked pale. Aden was terrified. 
Clem’s hand was on Michael’s arm. “I’m not even going to argue with you about this, Doc. You are headed for that bed. I’ll take care of the sample. All it needs is to get put in the cooler unit downstairs, right?”
Michael nodded. He almost fell over. Clem caught him. Aden tossed the linens down and came over. “Michael? Are you sure about this? I’d be happier if Clem took you in.”
Michael shook his head. “I’ll be okay. I just need some rest.”
Clem frowned. “Is your picture along side the word stubborn in the dictionary?” He sighed. “Okay. I’ll go drop this downstairs. You lay back and rest until I get back and then we’ll get you moved.”
Aden picked up the sheets and went into the living room to put them on the sofa bed. Sam was standing by the fireplace mantle looking at some old photographs. “I can’t believe your dad still had these.” He turned around and watched her for a moment. “I’ve really messed things up. I should have been paying attention. This is all my fault.”
Aden glanced up as she tucked the corners. “How exactly is this your fault? Joseph was the one who endangered Michael, not you. And if you want to get picky, it happened on my watch, not yours.” She came up to him. “I’d be more than happy to give this back to you if you think you’re ready for duty.”
He shook his head. “I don’t deserve it. That badge has to be earned.” He picked up one of the pictures. Aden noticed it was one of Sam and her dad in military uniform. Sam traced the edges of the photo. “You old man was one amazing officer. He took responsibility for everything that happened to our platoon. He got us out of hell more times than I can count.” Sam sighed and put it back.
Aden rested her hand on Sam’s arm. “I remember when my dad asked you to come here. He said there was no one he trusted more.”
Sam looked at her. “He would have been disappointed in me.”
“You’ve done just fine while I was gone. What’s your issue?”
“I’m not fit for duty.”
It sounded like an excuse but Aden didn’t feel like arguing with him. The badge felt like a lead weight at the moment.
Daniel swore loudly from the other room. Aden and Sam both ran to the dining room. Daniel was supporting Michael while Clem cleaned the wound.
Aden was shocked by the look of it. His entire side was black and blue. It wasn’t hard to see where the stick had pierced him. It looked bad. She could see the grimace of pain on Michael’s face. She knelt in front of him. “Hang on. I’m here.” She took his hands in her own. They felt like ice.
Clem looked grim. “It looks pretty bad, Buddy.”
Michael was struggling. He opened his eyes and blinked away tears. “I have to stay. I know what’s going on.”
Clem probed the wound carefully. Michael gasped and would have fallen if Daniel hadn’t been holding on to him.
Daniel’s face was pale. He looked at Aden. “Remember when Kevin had that branch go through his leg when we were sledding?”
Aden swallowed hard. “All too well.” She watched Clem bandage the wound. “Is that infected?”
Clem finished the wrap. “I hope not. I gave him a shot of antibiotics up on the hill but I’m thinking I need to break out something a little stronger. I got something back at the station in the drug locker that a doctor gave to me for emergencies just like this one. As soon as I get things wrapped up here, I’ll run down and fetch it.”
Sam leaned against the banister. “He didn’t get bitten, did he?”
Aden tried to remember everything that had happened. “I don’t think so. Duval was going for his neck when Joe stuck the syringe into him. Duval didn’t get a second chance. I shot him and blew him back away from Michael.”
Michael was shaking. “It was just a branch. I backed into it trying to get away from him.”
Clem took Michael’s arm and looked over at Daniel. “Let’s get him into bed.” They carried him into the living room and lowered him down. 
Aden wrapped him in blankets. She touched his face. “Clem! He’s burning up.”
“I noticed. That’s why I’m headed for the drug locker. If he doesn’t improve after that, we’re taking a ride whether he likes it or not.”
Aden hugged Michael. “I’ll be right back.” She went out into the front hall. Clem and Daniel were putting the rolling stretcher together. “Clem, get what you need. I’ll stay here with him.”
Sam opened the front door and found Joseph sitting on the steps. Aden realized he was crying. Sam frowned. Aden could see his anger rising. She put a hand on his arm. He looked at her. “All right, Sheriff. You make the call.” His voice was stiff.
Joseph stood and looked up at them. “I take responsibility for this.”
Aden looked at him. “It doesn’t matter whose fault it is. That doesn’t change things.” She moved out of the way to let Clem and Daniel pass with the stretcher. “Dan, come back and join us when you’re done.”
He looked back at her. “Yes, ma’am.”
She put a hand on Joseph’s shoulder. “My father once told me that you can’t change the past, you can only get passed it. We have to move forward. We have more pressing issues at hand.
Clem drove off. Daniel came running back up the walkway. He took the porch steps in a single stride. “Reporting for duty, as ordered. What’s your plan, ma’am?”
She watched Sam calm down then looked at all of them equally. “We did some serious damage to Duval tonight. We know that makes him hungry. He’s somewhere up in Mule Creek but he also uses Cat. Talk to everyone who has stock up there. We’re going to need to know who he hits. It will give us a better idea of where he is.” 
Daniel cleared his throat. “So we’re going to go after him?”
She looked at Daniel. “If the weather clears tomorrow, we’re going to send out teams to check on all the farms with livestock. We need a full list of his possible food sources. We know he also takes deer. Get a hold of DNR and see if you can get an estimate of current populations.”
Sam put a hand on her arm. “Why? What are you thinking?”
“I think we starve him. We need to give Michael time to figure out this virus. We’ve seen how much damage he can take. Michael seems to have some idea of what’s going on. I just hope he’s well enough soon to put it together.”
Sam looked down. “What about Henry’s place?” His voice was very quiet.
“You and I will go check on it tomorrow.” She looked at Joseph. “You’re in charge of the ranches on the west side of the valley.” She turned. “Daniel, you’ve got the east side. Make sure folks in the Mule and Cat Creek areas work in groups of at least three and that everyone is stocked with ammo.”
Daniel nodded. He turned to Sam. “Where do you have folks stationed?”
Sam looked at Aden. His jaw moved but he didn’t say anything. He walked down the porch steps. “Come on, son. I’ll show you were everyone is.”
Joseph had been very still. He watched Sam and Daniel walk back toward the bonfires then turned back to Aden. “That was a good call.”
“But?”
“I’m worried about Sam.”
Aden put a hand on Joseph’s shoulder. “That makes two of us.” She sighed. “I need to go check on Michael. Do your best to reassure people.” The wind gusted strongly and raindrops spattered across the sidewalk. “The weather isn’t going to help.”
Joseph left and Aden went back inside. She found Michael shaking so hard his teeth were chattering. She crawled onto the sofa bed and held him. “Michael? Can you hear me?”
He managed to open his eyes. He didn’t say anything but just clung to her.
Aden pulled her radio off her belt and called for Clem. She was relieved when he responded. “What’s your ETA back to the house?”
“Just leaving the café. Annie pulled together her own version of a remedy. Be there before you can spit.”
Aden curled around Michael and held him. She didn’t know what else to do. “Hang on. Clem will be here soon.”
Clem came in a few moments later. He stopped when he entered the room. “How long has he been like that?”
“I don’t know. I was talking to Joseph. This is how I found him when I came back in.”
Clem put down the things he was carrying and came to the side of the bed. “Hey, Buddy. You’re not looking so happy. Can you talk to me?”
Michael managed to look up at him. “Clem. Did you get the sample to the lab?” His voice was weak.
“I did but right now I’m far more worried about you.” He went and grabbed the med bag he’d brought in. “Let’s recheck those vitals, shall we?”
Aden watched Clem, feeling helpless and terrified. “What’s going on with him, Clem?”
Clem put the stethoscope around his neck. “First off, I want to get that super antibiotic into him. Then, he needs more liquids and some food. It’s Annie’s medicine to the rescue!”
Aden held Michael while Clem injected him with the medication. Michael twitched in her arms. She stroked his sweaty brow. “I’m sorry. I know it’s no fun. Clem is being as gentle as he can.” Aden looked up at Clem. “He’s burning with fever.”
“I’m concerned about that, too. If things don’t improve by morning, I’m going to ignore his arguments and haul him into the hospital. He’s got himself one whopping infection.”
“Should we really try to give him something to eat?”
“Absolutely. Prop him up a bit and I’ll fetch the bowls.”
Aden grabbed a couple of the cushions that Daniel had tossed aside and put them behind Michael. She looked at Clem. “You brought more than one?”
Clem handed her a bowl. “That one’s for you. The number one rule is take care of number one or you can’t take care of anyone else. I have a bowl for me, too, once I get some into him.”
Aden ate the hot soup and watched Clem feed Michael. She was impressed by his patience. She finished off her bowl. “Why don’t you let me take over so you can eat?”
“You got a deal. I’ll take yours.” Clem took her empty bowl and handed Michael’s soup to her.
Aden found it was challenging to feed him. It made her even more appreciative of Clem’s skills. She managed to get most of the soup into him.
Michael looked up at her. “Aden? Is everyone else okay?”
“Everyone is fine.” The lights flickered. Aden looked around. “I just hope this storm doesn’t get too bad. It’s awfully late in the season for a blow.”
Clem took the empty bowl. “The weather service was calling for it. They had small craft advisories for all the coastal waters going out over the radio. Annie finally had to turn down the scanner. It was driving her crazy.”
Aden took Michael’s hand in hers. “Are you feeling any better?”
He squeezed her fingers. “A little.”
Clem frowned. “I really wish you’d let me take you in.”
Michael shook his head. “I have to get to work as soon as I can. Time is an issue.”
Clem frowned. “How so? Duval just keeps on ticking. He’s like a Timex nightmare.”
“I understand the virus now, thanks to Joseph.”
Aden sighed deeply. “It’s thanks to Joe that you’re in this condition.”
Michael squeezed her hand harder. “Don’t be mad at him. I needed that blood sample. I have to have enough to work with if I have any chance at a serum.”
Clem took another blood pressure reading. “That’s an improvement.” He took the cuff off. “What about the sample from last night. Did it have too many contaminants?”
Michael closed his eyes. “I killed it.”
Clem almost jumped off the bed. “Holy smokes! You found a way to kill the virus?”
Michael looked up at him. “I’m afraid it’s not a solution to the problem. It kills everything, the host cells included.”
“Oh. That is a problem.” He sat back down.
Aden felt Michael’s forehead. It was still hot to the touch. “Is that why you didn’t get much sleep last night?”
Michael nodded. “I made up a batch of Jack’s holy water.”
Clem stared at him. “The real deal?”
“It works, too. Nasty stuff though. A hatter or miner could tell you that.”
Clem chuckled. “Got a little mercury in it?”
“Along with some hydrochloric acid and a couple of other goodies. It’s quite effective. The virus seems to be especially affected by it.”
“Good to know.”
“I think I know why I couldn’t see the reproductive phase now.”
Clem pulled the covers up tight around Michael. “And why is that?”
“It’s a special type of DNA virus. It doesn’t use the nuclear DNA. I’m betting it uses the unique DNA found in the mitochondria. I’ll know for sure when I put it under the scope tomorrow.” His voice faded and eyes slowly closed.
Aden gasped and reached for him but Clem grabbed her hand. “It’s okay. I guess I forgot to mention one of the side effects of that drug. It makes people sleepy.” Clem checked his pulse. “And he’s looking lots better already. So my recommendation to you is to curl up and get yourself some shut eye.” He winked and got up.
“Thanks, Clem.”
He picked up his gear and the basket of empty bowls. “Don’t mention it. See you on the bright side. I’ll let myself out.”
Aden decided to leave the front hall light on in case Clem needed to come in during the night. She put her radio within easy reach then undressed and slipped under the covers next to Michael. He tossed in his sleep. She did her best to comfort him. Tiredness finally overwhelmed her.
She woke suddenly from a dream to find everything dark. It terrified her. She heard the wind howling around the corner of the house. That must have woken her. She heard the emergency generator kick in and the small light in the front hall, which her father had installed for just such emergencies, came on.
Aden shivered, realizing that it was also dark outside. Would Duval have the strength to come into town on a night like this? She hoped they’d done him enough damage.
The strings of lights came back on and Aden could hear the larger roar of the big diesel engine that powered the back-up generator at the school. That relived her mind a little. They had survived with just that for power for a week when she was a kid.
A much brighter streak lit the night followed shortly by a low rumble. Aden shuddered. She moved closer to Michael. He felt cooler to the touch. Another flash followed much sooner by a booming rumble echoed across the valley floor. Aden trembled.
Michael rolled toward her. “Aden? Are you okay?”
“It’s just some weather.” She touched his forehead. “Are you feeling any better?”
“Just tired.” 
Another brilliant flash was followed almost immediately by a boom that shook the house. Aden trembled.
Michael reached out and pulled her close. “I’m here. Don’t worry.” He kissed her. “I know you don’t like these storms.”
Aden felt the next one coming. She buried her face in Michael’s chest so she couldn’t see the blinding flash. She heard a tree not far away explode and the windows rattled so hard she was afraid they would break. Every muscle of her body went taut.
“Aden.” Michael’s voice was soothing. “Come on, Baby. It’s okay. Don’t tense up like that. You have to breathe.” He began massaging her throat and chest.
The radio crackled to life. Aden jumped. Daniel’s voice called for Joseph. He answered. “Everyone is a little shaken here at the school but we’re all okay. I brought the crews in after the first strike. No sense taking chances.”
“Okay. Holler if you need anything.” There was a pause. “Hey, Big A, are you on?”
Aden shakily reached for the radio. “We’re in one piece but that was really close.”
“Just a little. Won’t be climbing the old maple in Jakobi’s back pasture anymore.”
“Sorry to hear that.”
The radio crackled and Aden almost dropped it. There was a flash of light and seconds later a loud rumble. The radio crackled again and Clem called her. “Since you’re up, how’s our patient?”
Aden looked at him. “Are you feeling better?”
Michael nuzzled her arm. “A lot. Tell him to stop by in the morning.”
Aden relayed the message and signed off. She’d learned that it was a myth that lightening could follow radio signals but it still made her uncomfortable.
There was another burst of light and its accompanying timpani. Michael pulled Aden closer and began rocking her. “I’ll keep you safe.”
She nestled into him and drifted into a fitful slumber. She woke sometime in the early morning hours. There was a steady rain on the porch roof but the wind had died down. Aden snuggled closer to Michael. His body temperature felt normal. His arms pulled her close and his mouth found hers. Before she realized what was happening, he was on top of her.
Michael cupped her face in his hands. “Oh, Aden.” She could hear the need in his tone and welcomed him.
After they were spent, she held him close, not letting him leave her. “I’ve missed you so much.”
“I need you so much.” He began kissing her passionately. She was surprised by his revival. He’d never done that before. She couldn’t help but respond to his touch. They seemed to move together forever. He built to a frenzy and their release was the most powerful thing she’d ever experienced.
She didn’t resist when he rolled off of her. He lay next to her, continuing to stroke her skin. She tried to remember what their love making had been like all those years ago. She was certain it had never been anything like this. The wind picked up outside again and drove the rain into the dining room windows. Aden clung to Michael.
When he started to pull himself over her again, she put a hand on his chest. “I don’t want to hurt your side.”
“My side is fine.” His voice was deep and rough.
She tensed slightly. “Michael, are you okay?” She could feel him stiffen.
“I’ve never been more fine.” He was in her again.
Aden had no choice but to go with his flow. The storm screamed around the house as if it wanted to tear the building from its foundation. She built with the storm. Their release had the intensity of a lightening strike.
She lay shaken, relieved that he seemed to have finally drifted off to sleep. She was almost afraid to touch him. She looked up at the ceiling, seeing the dancing patterns from the strings of lights outside as they shown between the blinds. She shivered.
Aden woke again to find Michael staring down at her intently. His head rested on the hand of his bent arm. She noticed he was lying on his injured side. She frowned. “Doesn’t that hurt?”
“No.”
His voice sent shivers down her body. “What are you doing?”
He traced the side of her face lightly with his fingers. “I’ve been watching you sleep.”
Aden could hear her own heart beating. It sounded way too loud. She realized the wind had died down again. She swallowed hard. “The worst of the storm must be over.”
He leaned toward her and began lightly kissing the side of her neck and face. “It’s just raining lightly now.” His lips covered hers and he kissed her deeply.
She felt her body responding to his and wondered what was going on. She tried to think clearly but his hands and lips distracted her brain. His fingers trailed down her stomach and she forgot about anything else.
They lay together a long time afterwards, just holding each other. The rain finally stopped and the sky grew light beyond the blinds.
Aden didn’t want to move but the radio crackled to life and called her name. Michael tried to push it away but Aden caught his hand. “I have to answer Daniel or he’ll be over here. I don’t exactly want to answer the door like this.”
“So don’t answer the door.” He tried to kiss her again but she managed to slip away from him and grab the radio.
Daniel sounded concerned when she finally answered. Aden rushed for an excuse. “Sorry, you caught me at an inappropriate moment.” That had been her father’s ready answer. She sighed and started pulling on her clothes.
“A lot of folks want to go up to their places and check for storm damage. I warned everyone to keep their eyes open and holler if there’s trouble.”
Aden looked toward the window. It still looked gray. She glanced at her watch. It was after eight in the morning. “Sounds like a good idea. The overcast sky won’t slow Duval down very much.”
Michael tried to reach for her but she gently caught his fingers and turned toward him. “Not now. I have to go to work.”
His face went taut. He rolled off the sofa bed, wrapping the sheet around him, and disappeared. She heard his bare feet go up the stairs and the bathroom door close.
Aden went upstairs and leaned on the bathroom door. The water was running in the shower. That would probably do him good. She went into the bedroom and dressed quickly.
She heard the tap on the front door and rushed down the stairs. She opened the door, expecting to see Daniel, but found Clem. Aden was almost relieved. “Come on in.”
Clem peered around the corner into the living room. “How’s our patient this morning?”
She didn’t know what to say. She didn’t feel comfortable talking about their love making. “He’s up.”
“Is that a good idea? He was in pretty bad shape last night.”
“I know.” Aden grabbed her boots and sat down at the dining room table to put them on. “But he seemed better this morning and I thought a hot shower might help him.”
Clem frowned. “Are you okay?”
She wasn’t sure how to answer that. “I’m just worried about him.” She rubbed her forehead. “And I didn’t sleep well with the storm trying to imitate the Big Bad Wolf.”
Clem chuckled. “That was quite a blow. Really startled a few folks when the main lines went down but the back-up generator kicked in like clockwork.”
“Are the main lines back up? I didn’t even try the lights.”
“They are. Came back on line around six this morning.”
The radio crackled. “Danny Boy to Rescue One.” Daniel’s voice sounded tense.
Clem grabbed his radio. “I’m just up checking on Doc. What’s up, Dan?”
“Maggie is requesting some assistance. She’s worried about Beth.”
Clem’s face grew serious. “I’m on my way.” He signed off and clipped the radio to his belt. He headed for the door. “Gotta run!”
Aden watched him jog down the street. She hoped everything was all right. 
Michael came down the stairs. He didn’t say anything. He turned the corner and walked down the hallway. She heard his shoes on the basement steps.
Aden stood still. What was going on? She finally forced her muscles to relax. She followed him.
Michael was seated on the old metal stool facing the monitor. He was scribbling notes on a pad of paper.
Aden was almost afraid to go in. She stood in the doorway of the packing room and tapped on the frame lightly. The wire mesh rattled. “Is everything okay?”
“Fine.” His voice sounded flat.
Aden swallowed hard. Was he angry? She couldn’t tell. “I have to go into the office and get a report on storm damage. Should I bring you back some breakfast?”
He didn’t answer. He pressed a button on the machine and it hissed. He drummed his pencil against the counter top. It reminded her of college. The hissing finally stopped. He opened the machine and swapped the slides then pressed a button. He didn’t look at her.
She didn’t know what to do. “Are you going to be okay on your own?”
He mumbled an affirmative and went back to work.
Aden sighed and went up stairs. She grabbed her coat and headed out the door.
An old red pick up rattled down the road and stopped next to her. The young man on the passenger side rolled down the window. The older gentleman who was driving, leaned over. “Morning, Sheriff.” He smiled politely. “Just wanted to let you know everything is accounted for.”
Aden felt uncomfortable, not only because of the way he’d addressed her, but because she had no idea who he was. He must live on the west side of the valley. “Make sure and check in with Joseph.”
“Yes, ma’am. Can we give you a ride down to the café? Annie’s got the breakfast crew going there.”
Before Aden had a chance to argue, the young man opened the passenger door and jumped out. “Here, Sheriff. You can have my seat. I’ll jump in the back.”
She gave in and accepted the short ride. Aden looked over at the driver. “How much livestock do you have at your place?”
“Oh, not nearly what we had when you were a kid. We only have fifteen horses left from the herd. I lead trail rides during the summer but we don’t do horse camps like we used to.”
Aden smiled. Now she knew who he was. He pulled into the gravel lot by the café. “Thanks for the ride, Mr. Ellington.”
He grinned broadly. “Any time, Sheriff! Come out when you got a chance and I’ll saddle up a ride for you.”
“Maybe when all this is done.” She waved and headed for the café. Aden went inside. She stopped next to the doorway and watched the hive of activity. Several tables had been pushed together near the front counter and a group of women were working around them, rolling crepes and omelets and stacking them in pans.
One of them looked up and her face broke into a series of wrinkles surrounding a broad smile. “Sheriff Aden! There you are!” She hobbled over.
Aden racked her brain, trying to put a name to the familiar form. It finally connected as the woman reached out to hug her. “Miss Gertie!”
“It’s good to see you!” She gave Aden a healthy squeeze. “Oh, you look so fine. Following in your papa’s footsteps, I see.”
“It’s only a temporary assignment.” Aden finally found Sam in the crowd. He was seated off by himself near the fireplace.
“That’s what they all say.” Russ Hensley patted her on the shoulder. “Mornin', Sheriff.”
Aden gently disentangled herself from Miss Gertie’s embrace. “Looks like I need to go to work.”
She gave Aden the once over. “Girl, you need food first! You’re much too thin.” Miss Gertie went back to the tables.
Aden glanced at Sam then nodded at Russ. “How are you doing this morning?”
“I’m not the only one losing livestock anymore.” He motioned to Clark Hanson. “Clark lost a steer last night.”
Mr. Hanson came to join them. He looked nervous. Aden put a hand on his arm. “How’s Beth doing?”
He tried to smile. “They kicked me out. Said I was distracting.” He paced a few steps and came back. “I’m worried about her. Maggie had to call Clem over.” He looked ready to cry.
Aden forced a smile. “I’m sure things will be fine.” Miss Gertie returned with a couple of hot rolls and handed them to Aden. She accepted the food. “Thank you, ma’am.”
Miss Gertie chuckled. “I’m glad to see those manners I taught you are still in good use.”
Aden reached over and kissed the old woman on the forehead. “You taught me more than any book ever could have.” Aden’s throat tightened. “Thank you.”
The old woman pushed her away gently. “Go on with you. You have business to attend to.” She turned back to help with another pan of food.
Aden moved away, feeling the burning in her eyes, and willing the tears not to fall. An arm wrapped around her shoulders. “She still talks about you all the time. I think you were her all time favorite student.” Daniel’s voice was quiet.
Aden got her heart back under control. “Good morning to you, too.” She motioned toward the farmers who had moved to the table to grab a few rolls. “Did you get a chance to talk to Russ and Clark yet?”
“I was just coming to find Clark.” He whistled softly to get the man’s attention. Clark hurried over. Daniel put a hand on his shoulder. “Jenny says you can go back to the cabin now.”
Clark almost dropped his rolls. “Is everything okay?”
Daniel grinned. “Everything is fine.” He chuckled as Clark disappeared out the doors.
Aden looked over at Sam again. She pulled Daniel aside. “Is your dad okay?”
“I don’t know.” He looked down, the humor gone from his features. “I can’t figure out what’s going on with him.”
Aden felt the weight of the metal on her jacket. “I wish he’d take his badge back. He’s the sheriff, not me. It’s driving me crazy to have everyone calling me that.”
Daniel put a hand on her shoulder. “You’re doing fine. I’m going to check in with Russ. I’ll join you and Dad in a few.”
Aden moved toward Sam. He looked up as she approached and pulled out a chair for her. “Have a seat.”
Aden accepted the chair and took a bite of the food. She watched the people in the room. “How are you doing this morning?”
Sam shrugged. His face showed little expression. “I’ll live.”
Daniel and Russ came to the table. Russ looked down at Sam. “Sheriff, I was hoping to get some advice.”
Aden was relieved. Sam looked over at her. She shook her head and pointed at him. She held up her food.
Sam frowned and grabbed another chair. “Have a seat. What do you need, Russ?”
“There’s a lot of concern about the stock we’re loosing. That thing actually broke into a barn and killed a couple cows right in their stalls. That’s hard on a man.”
Sam nodded. “If they were my animals, I’d find a safer place for them to be until we can get rid of the Beast.”
Aden focused on her food and tried to ignore their conversation. Russ eventually stood and shook Sam’s hand. He thanked him and wandered away.
Sam looked over at her. “What would you have told him?”
“I don’t know.”
Cindy came in from the back. She pulled off her coat and collapsed onto a stool by the front counter. Daniel went over to her. “Are you okay?”
She leaned into him. “I hope I’ll be as strong as Beth was.”
Daniel put his arms around her and pulled her close. “You’ll do fine.”
Cindy turned her head and noticed Sam. She smiled. “Beth had her baby. It’s a little girl.”
A small place in Aden’s heart tightened as it did every time she heard of someone having a child. She doubted she’d ever have one. She swallowed. “What are they going to name her?”
Cindy looked at her and managed a tight laugh. “Wendy.”
Daniel made a face. “Is that with an I or an E?”
“Very funny.” Cindy gently pushed him away. She got off the stool and almost fell.
Daniel caught her. “Whoa there, mama-to-be. I’m thinking you need some sleep.”
Cindy curled into Daniel’s arms. She put a hand on her stomach. “I’ve wanted this baby for so long.”
Daniel closed his eyes and kissed the top of her head. “Me, too.” His voice was thick with emotion. He rocked her slowly.
Aden’s mind drifted back to a day the five of them had gone out to the lake together only a few days before their graduation. She’d been so excited because she’d been accepted into the pre-law program. It was all she could think about. Maggie and Kevin had gone off by themselves and Cindy had finally convinced Daniel to go off with her. Aden had realized she was alone. She closed her eyes. She’d been alone the past eighteen years. She didn’t want to be alone anymore. Her throat tightened as she thought about Michael. Was he all right?
She felt a tap on her arm and opened her eyes. Sam was staring at her. “Did you get any sleep last night?”
Aden swallowed hard. “Some.” She looked across the room.
Cindy didn’t look like she’d gotten any. Daniel led her toward the stairs. “How about I help you up the stairs and put you to bed?” 
Jimmy came in a few moments later. He was leading Emma by the hand. “We’ll get you some nice warm breakfast, Granny. Then you can lay down and take a nap.”
Annie saw them and rushed forward. “Here Emma, come and take a seat.”
Emma’s face brightened into a broad smile. She grabbed Annie’s hands. “Oh, Annie! It’s so wonderful. You have you go over and see her.”
Annie put an arm around Emma’s shoulders. “I will in a bit. I’ve been busy.” She led her to a table near the one Aden and Sam shared. “You sit down and I’ll bring you your breakfast.”
Emma sat. She looked up at Jimmy. “And what about you, James? Aren’t you going to eat?”
Jimmy gasped and nearly fell into the seat across from her. Aden turned and looked at him. “Are you okay?”
He was staring at Emma. “She knows my name.”
Emma laughed. “Of course I know your name. I helped bring you into this world, too. Just like that little baby this morning.”
Aden marveled at the warm glow on the old woman’s face. She couldn’t help but smile. “I’m glad everything went well.”
Emma looked at her. “There’s a brand new little life in our dying town. It really is a Sweetvale for a change.”
Aden’s throat tightened. Jimmy grabbed her arm. “Thank you ever so much, Sheriff Aden! You brought Granny back.”
She shook her head. “I didn’t do anything, Jimmy.” She glanced over at Sam. He had turned away. She sighed and looked back at the young man. “And I’m not the sheriff. Sam is. I’m just carrying this around for him until he’s ready to take it back.”
Annie brought food to the table for Emma and Jimmy. She looked over at Sam. “Do you need anything else?”
Sam got up. “No.” He started for the door.
Aden rose and followed him out the door. “Are you ready?”
He stopped and looked back at her. “For what?”
“I seem to recall you wanted to run out and check on some animals.”
Sam pursed his lips. “If you’re not too busy.”
Aden pointed to the SUV. “I’ll drive. You take shotgun.”
Sam nodded. “All right. Let me grab a rifle from the office.”
Aden decided not to argue. At least she had him moving. She unlocked the rig and opened the passenger door. The radio crackled and Daniel called for her. She picked up the mic. “Hey, Dan. Sam and I are headed out to Henry’s to check on the animals. Keep an eye on everyone coming and going. We want to make sure everyone is back well before dark.”
“Copy that. I’m headed up to Russ’s place for a bit. I want to see the damage that thing did.” He signed off.
Sam came out and handed the gun to her. She clipped it into the gun rack while he got in.
She fastened her seat belt and started the rig. “I’ll sure be glad when you’re ready to wear this piece of metal again.” She backed out of the lot and headed up the valley.
Sam looked over at her. “You know, you’d make a much better sheriff than me.”
“You’ve got to be kidding!” Aden glanced over at him. “You have a lot more experience than I do. You’ve been a law officer over thirty years.”
“Maybe that’s long enough.” He looked out the window. “You and Dan make a good team.”
“No we don’t.” She passed the east valley road and turned toward the west. She crossed the river that had created the place a very long time ago. “I don’t even know where Henry’s driveway is. You’ll have to point it out.”
“It’s just up over that next rise.”
Aden had to slow way down as they approached the house to avoid running over the chickens. She stopped by the walk that led to the broad porch. It was a quaint place. She hadn’t been up here in a long time.
Sam swore as he got out of the SUV. “Looks like the Beast may have gotten into the chicken coop.”
Aden looked around at the scattered fowl then over at the barns. “Maybe not.” She pointed toward what looked like a pile of lumber. “It looks like the wind blew the chicken coop over.” She could hear the bleating of goats. It was coming from the main barn. “Oh, those poor things! They haven’t had food and water this whole time.”
Aden jogged to the barn and pushed open the doors. She was greeted by a bleating herd. They surrounded her, begging.
Sam smiled. “Looks like you have a fan club.”
Aden didn’t really know what to do for them. She looked into the dim interior. “What did Henry feed them?”
“I’ll drop a bale of hay down for them.” He climbed the ladder and opened the door to the hayloft.
The goats continued to serenade her. “Just a minute. We’ll get you some food.” She noticed there were a couple of nanny goats. “I hope you don’t have to be milked. I never did get the hang of that.”
A hay bale landed with a thud at the base of the ladder. The goats turned and clamored as they pushed each other to get at the food. Sam had to weed his way through the mass to get out of the barn. “You don’t have to worry about milking them.” He pointed to the smaller ones. “The babies are doing what they are supposed to.”
“I feel terrible just leaving them alone up here. They’ll either starve to death or Duval will eat them.”
Sam got an odd look on his face. “That’s not a bad idea.”
Aden stared at him. “What? We start feeding him goats and hope he stops going after people?”
“No. We use the goats as bait.” Sam began looking around the farm. 
Aden found a water trough in the barn and filled it full. She closed the big door again. “You’ll be safer inside. Trust me.” She looked around at the scattered chickens. There was no way she was going to catch all of them.
The chickens suddenly took off and headed for one of the smaller sheds. Aden tensed and looked around. “Sam?”
She heard his answer and followed the chickens. He was spilling a bucket of grain on the floor of a tractor shed. He looked up at her. “This should keep them for awhile.”
Aden noticed that he’d filled several plastic bin lids with water. “At least we’ll know where to start looking for eggs.”
Sam grinned. “Haven’t done that in awhile.” He dumped out the last of the corn and closed the sliding door. “We’ll have to let Annie know they’re here. I’m sure she must be running low by now.”
She followed him toward a low long barn. He opened the door and peered in. “Henry installed an automatic feeder in here. As long as the hopper is full, the rabbits will get fed. Clem built him a water system in here, too. He claimed it saved him hours of work.”
Aden looked into the rabbit barn. The rabbits moved around in their hutches. “There are a lot more now than he had when I was a kid.” She shut the door.
They went back to the rig. Sam paused and looked up at the house. “I feel like I let him down.”
“Not you, too. Clem is still blaming himself. There’s nothing either of you could have done.”
Sam got in. “I know.” He leaned back against the seat and felt his ribs.
Aden looked over at him. “Are you okay?”
“I’m sore but I think I’ll live.”
She was worried about him. She started the rig and turned around. She got back on the main road and turned toward town.
“It could work.”
She glanced at him. “What could?”
“A trap.”
“Where are we going to get a trap strong enough to hold Duval?”
“Clem.”
Aden gasped. “I’ve heard he’s got a lot of things shoved up in his loft but I doubt he’s got anything quite that big.”
Sam chuckled dryly. “I know a few things about Clem that might surprise you.”
They came into town and passed the house. Aden hoped Michael was doing better. “I need to stop and check on him.”
Sam looked over at her. “That’s why this trap is so important. It could give Doc enough time to come up with his syrup.”
Aden didn’t feel like correcting him. “I don’t know Sam. Duval is strong. He pushed a full grown tree down on us and dented the side of my rig. It would take a lot to hold him.”
Sam was smiling. “I’ll talk to Clem.”
Aden noticed the black sedan as they approached the office. It was parked at an angle in the gravel lot as if it had driven in from the main road in a hurry. That worried her. She had no idea where Duval was at that moment. She hoped this wasn’t a reporting party.
“Oh man. This could be trouble.” Sam tapped on the arm rest with his fingers. He hardly waited until she stopped the vehicle before opening the door and jumping out. Aden shut off the engine and braced herself for whatever was coming.
She grabbed the rifle and brought it inside. She found Sam talking to a middle-aged man carrying a satchel over one arm. Daniel was just hanging up the phone. He looked at his dad. “I swear, this place is becoming a missing cows department. Do we have a special form for that?”
Sam managed a tight grin. “Who this time?”
“Jeff Mackey lost a steer. That makes four over night.” Daniel looked at Aden. “Remind me not to invite this thing to a barbecue.” He grinned and walked out the door.
The newcomer shook his head and smiled tightly at Aden. “Good morning, Deputy Anderson.”
Aden recognized his voice instantly. She set the gun in the standing rack and moved forward, extending her hand. “Detective Peters. To what do we owe this unexpected visit?”
He shook her hand. “I was hoping to talk to the doctor you have working on this virus. None of the doctors I’ve talked to have a clue about it.”
“I can take you over. He’s turned an old packing room into a makeshift lab. The CDC has supplied him with some pretty high tech stuff.”
He unslung the satchel he was carrying and handed it to Aden. “I also wanted to bring you these. They belonged to my partner, David.”
Aden tensed at his voice. She took the case. “What happened?”
She could tell the detective was struggling with his emotions. “He’s missing.” He sighed deeply. “And presumed dead.”
Sam turned away and went to his own desk. He collapsed in his chair and rubbed his temples.
Aden was still trying to read the play of emotions on the detective’s face. She took a breath, trying to control her own shaking. She dropped her voice. “Do you think it’s related to the case?”
He nodded. “Dave called in after he talked to Father Gunther. Said he thought someone was tailing him. He never made it back to the office. They found his car but he was gone. He had scribbled some notes on a legal pad but they don’t make any sense to me. They’re in there.”
“Do you think the virus Duval is carrying might be connected to his disappearance?”
“A virus has to come from somewhere.”
Aden thought about Jack’s insistence that Duval had been a vampire. How many others might be infected? She studied the thin lines at the corners of his eyes. The tingle grabbed her lower spine with an icy grip. “I can take you over and introduce you to Michael.”
Aden heard the slight squeak of the door and felt the breeze on her back. She briefly glanced over her shoulder. Clem and Daniel had come in. Clem had a small white box in his hand. He passed it to Daniel. “It looks like Aden is busy. You can give this to her later and let her know it will be an extra day before her rig is done. I’ve been kind of busy helping Maggie with Beth’s baby.”
Sam got up and took Clem’s arm. “You’ve got uncanny timing. There’s a little project I’d like to talk to you about.”
Aden frowned. She looked at the detective and motioned toward the door. “Follow me.” She put the satchel over her arm and led him out. The last thing she wanted was Sam sharing his insane idea with Detective Peters.
He sighed as they walked up the road together toward the house. “It sure is pretty up here.”
Aden shuddered. “There are some nice parks in Portland. I remember one we went to every spring to see the trilliums.”
He managed to smile. “That is a pretty place, don’t get me wrong. But this place has a beauty all its own. Reminds me of summers on Vancouver Island when I was a kid. My parents had a cabin up there. My dad was a principal for a big inner city high school. The cabin was his recovery zone.”
Aden felt the weight of the satchel on her arm. She looked at Peters. His face was taut. “This is bigger than you thought. Isn’t it?”
He stopped and looked around the valley for a moment before focusing on her. “I think it’s much bigger. David believed there might be international connections. I thought that was far fetched.” His jaw quivered and he looked away. “I don’t know anymore.”
She could tell he was holding something back. “Why are you giving me these files? There must be others who could benefit from them far more than I could.”
His eyes looked glassy. He swallowed hard and looked back toward the café. “They followed me out of Portland. I gave them a good run. I think I lost them back in Corvallis. Made it look like I was headed for Salem instead of out this way.”
The tingle’s icy fingers crawled up Aden’s spine. What were they dealing with? She glanced at the house and wondered how Michael was doing. “Come on inside. I’m sure Michael can explain this far better than I can.”
Peters nodded. “I hope he finds an answer.”
Aden led him through the house and down into the basement. Michael was working with a long glass rod. She waited until he’d finished and put the items down. She cleared her throat. “I hate to disturb you.”
He whirled around and seemed to notice Detective Peters first. Then he looked at Aden. “It’s alright. I have to wait for the STEM to evac the air on this slide. Come on in.”
She could hear the tension in his voice. She motioned to the detective. “This is Detective Ryan Peters from Portland PD.”
Michael’s jaw flexed. Aden could see the unnatural tightness of his shoulder. Michael didn’t look up. “Good morning, Detective.”
Peters stepped through the doorway of the packing room and looked around. “Nice set-up.”
Michael surveyed it before looking at them. “It’s getting the job done.”
Aden felt the tingle wrap around her lungs. What was she missing? She looked at Michael. He looked better, all things considered.
The STEM beeped and Michael turned around to look at the monitor. She could tell by the set of his back that he wasn’t pleased at the results.
Detective Peters moved forward to look at it. “Is that the virus?”
“It is.” Michael picked up a pencil and pointed to the long worms that wiggled around a larger rounded object. “I’m still trying to identify the primary replacement sequences. This is a pretty big gene packet and the replacement sequence isn’t just one segment. It’s replacing numerous gene phrases.”
Detective Peters frowned. “Sounds complicated.”
“Very.” Michael used the mouse to increase the magnification of an area. “I’m trying to create an interrupt sequence to stop the initial receptor from accepting the packet. If I can do that, we could at least have a basic immunization to prevent any new occurrences.”
Peters gasped. “Like a vaccine?”
Michael looked at him. “I’m worried about the healthy people right now. So far, I can’t find a way to control the virus once it’s in the body. If I can prevent the virus from spreading, I could at least inoculate everyone in town. Then I can focus on trying to cure Duval.”
Peters was breathing hard. Aden grabbed his arm and led him to the stool. He collapsed on it and looked at Michael. “When I told David we were dealing with a potential virus, he said all the pieces were coming together. We’ve been following a collective that calls themselves the Brotherhood. These guys are serious drug lords that control much of the trade through Portland and we believe, far beyond. Possibly in every major city in the world.”
Aden felt the icy tendrils pulling tighter. She forced herself to focus. “How does Duval fit in to all of this?”
“We originally believed he was part of a series of experiments that they were doing with different drugs. We’d found numerous dead street people with substances that the Medical Examiner was having trouble identifying. We thought we were dealing with party drugs.”
Michael moved to a different counter and came back with Jack’s notebook. “You may have that problem, too.” He turned to a page that had a Polaroid photo taped to it. “Jack had found several areas in town where he believed they were using homeless people as test subjects.”
Detective Peters leaned forward to look at the list. “Wow. I think he had identified even more than we did.” He sat up and pointed at the satchel. “There’s a similar list in David’s notes.”
Aden looked down at the case she was still carrying. “Are you sure you want me to have these? I would think they would be more helpful to you.”
His face went pale. “They need to be in someone else’s hands.”
Aden could hear the desperation in his voice. It terrified her. “What are you going to do?”
He met her eyes. “I’m going back to Portland to look for David. I don’t believe he’s dead.”
She looked at Michael then back at Peters. Her mouth was so dry she could hardly get the words out. “Do you think he may have the virus?”
Detective Peters struggled to breathe. “I hope not.” He closed his eyes and covered his face with his hands.
Aden jumped as her radio crackled to life. Daniel called for her. She answered. His voice was flat. “Could you come down to the office?”
“On my way.” She signed off and clipped the radio to her belt.
Peters slid off the stool and headed for the door. “I need to get back before dark.” He looked at Michael. “How close are you to a vaccine?”
“I wish I knew. This is a huge virus. It took me awhile just to find the replication method. I’m still struggling to identify the receptor protein.”
The detective pulled a card out of his pocket and handed it to Michael. “Call me as soon as you have anything.”
Michael nodded.
Aden led the way up the stairs. She set the satchel down on the dining room table. “I’ll get to these as soon as I can. I need to see what Daniel has down at the office.” She was terrified that it might actually be in the morgue.
They hurried down the street. There was a pickup pulling a flatbed trailer parked on the road next to the office. Sam, Clem, and Daniel stood around it. Aden couldn’t tell what was on the trailer. It looked like a pile of leather.
Clem was standing with his hands in his pockets, staring at it, while Sam and Daniel talked quietly. They all looked up as she and Detective Peters stopped near the rear of the bed. Clem sighed. “I should have had you bring Doc along.”
“What is this?” Detective Peters moved around the side of the trailer.
Daniel frowned. “Clark brought them down.” His voice was quiet.
Aden finally realized what she was looking at and struggled to keep her stomach from hurling. She swallowed hard and looked up at him. “Is this all four of them?”
Daniel clamped his jaw tight and nodded.
Peters looked up at her. “All four what?”
“Cows.” She took a deep breath. “We did serious damage to Duval yesterday. This is what he needed to eat to recover from it.”
Peters grabbed the side of the trailer for support. “He ate them?”
Sam cleared his throat. “Consumed would be a better word. There’s nothing left but bones and skin. Hell, I think he even sucked the marrow right out of all the long bones.”
The detective looked like he was struggling to take in that piece of information. He looked up at Aden. “He ate four raw cows.” His voice was thin. He looked back at the remains.
Aden sighed. “He likes deer, too.”
Sam leaned on the side of the truck. “It prefers people but it will take what it can get when it’s hungry. That’s why I plan to use goats to trap it.”
Detective Peters gasped and looked up at Sam. “You’re going to do what?”
“Trap it. Clem here can weld just about anything. We’re going to build a cage, tie a couple of goats inside, and wait for it to take the bait.”
The detective stared at him. Aden could see the different emotions playing across the man’s face. “That’s insane!” He looked at Aden. “Is he joking?”
Aden glanced at Sam’s disappointed face before pulling Peters away from the group. “Duval is a serious threat to this community. We’ve already had to pull all the citizens down into town for safety. We’ve tried to apprehend him and we’ve even tried deadly force.” She looked back at the remains of the animals. She noticed Sam disappear into the office. She turned back to Peters. “Our only hope is to contain him long enough for Michael to come up with a solution.” She swallowed hard. “If there is one.”
Detective Peters closed his eyes. He was shaking. “This can’t be real.” He sighed and massaged his hands. “When Jack first started talking vampires, Dave and I laughed about it. We both thought he was nuts.”
Aden bit her lip to keep it from trembling. So had she. She put a hand on his arm. “I know it sounds crazy. Michael has tried to explain it but I’ve never been good at biology. All I know is that it has something to do with this virus. It’s keeping the host alive. Something about self-preservation.”
Peters nodded. “Gunther told David something that sounded similar.” He looked at her. “That’s where I need to start. I’ll see what I can get from Gunther. Maybe it will help your doctor figure this out.”
Aden felt chilled. Not just by his statement. It felt colder outside. She looked around and realized a bank of clouds was moving in from the west. The tingle pulled tight around her chest. She forced herself to stay calm. She couldn’t afford to panic. She squeezed the detective’s arm. “Be careful. We have another storm coming. We’ve learned that while Duval prefers darkness, he can operate under these conditions.”
“Thanks for the warning. I have to get going. The sooner I get back to Portland, the sooner I get answers.” She dropped her hand and he moved toward his car.
Aden whistled to Daniel. “We need to move this.” She pulled her radio off her belt. “Big A to Tall Man.” Joseph answered. “Check your list. Make sure everyone has returned.” He acknowledged.
Clark had come from the café and was talking to Daniel. She joined them. Clark pointed at the trailer. “Where should I dump this? Russ wanted me to help him haul something from his place.”
Aden looked at the advancing clouds. “I wouldn’t worry about hauling anything else today. Duval could be on the move. I want everyone back in town.” She looked at Daniel. “How many are still out on your list?”
Daniel pulled a notepad from his pocket as Clark drove away. “Just Russ and his son.”
Clem pursed his lips. “That would be my fault. I remembered seeing something at their place and asked them to bring it to town.”
Aden watched the detective pull out and looked at Daniel. “Try him on the phone line first. If we can’t get a hold of him, you and I will take the rig up and get them out of there.”
Joseph came jogging up the street from the café. “Everyone is checked in on the west side.”
“Good.” She motioned and they followed Daniel into the office. She hung back and let Clem catch up with her. She leaned close. “I’m worried about Michael. How did he seem to you?”
Clem tapped his chin with a finger. “Focused is the word that comes to mind. I was only there a few minutes. Just long enough to make sure he ate something.” He held the office door open for her. “Why do you ask?”
Aden couldn’t decide what it was that was bothering her. “I don’t know. He just seems different.”
Clem frowned. “I think I’ll wander up that way and check in on him. He strikes me as the kind of guy that gets so into a project that he’d forget to breathe if his body would let him.”
“That sums it up.” Aden looked at Sam and stopped quickly. Clem caught himself on her shoulder. She grabbed his arm and pointed at Sam. “I’m worried about him, too.”
Clem went over to Sam’s desk. Aden was distracted by Daniel. He called her over. “I got Ricky on the phone and he’s going to tell his dad to come back to town. I told him not to be shy. If he sees the Beast, he should shoot him.”
Aden sighed. “Duval. His name is Duval. Not Beast.”
Daniel shrugged. “Whatever.” He tossed the notebook down on the desk and slumped into the chair.
Joseph gently pulled her away. “Daniel said there was a detective here from Portland. Will they be able to give us any extra help?”
Aden swallowed hard. She silently wished Peters luck in finding his missing partner. “It doesn’t look like it.”
Sam stood up and faced Clem. “Forget it!”
Aden tensed and moved toward them. “Forget what?” She felt Joseph behind her. He patted her on the shoulder. She glanced back at him, trying to decipher his look.
Sam put his hands on the back of his chair and pushed it under the desk. He looked at Aden. “I’m not cut out for this. I never have been. Your father had way too much faith in me.” He looked down.
Aden tensed. She was tired of carrying the badge. She wanted more than ever to give it back. “Sam. You’ve got a lot more experience than I do.”
Daniel got up and came over to him. “Dad? What’s wrong?”
Sam looked around at them. “That fancy detective from Portland. He thought I was nuts. Maybe I am.” He looked at Aden. “He’s right. Trapping this thing is a bad idea.”
Aden didn’t know what to do. She wasn’t sure anymore. Would trapping him help? She thought about the damage he’d done to her rig. Could they really build something strong enough to hold him?
Joseph moved forward. “Why don’t we go get some lunch? We need to feed our brains so they can think clearly.”
Clem slapped Sam on the shoulder. “I second that motion. I need to grab Doc. He is also in need of some chow.” He winked at Aden. “Hopefully I won’t have to force feed him.”
Daniel moved back to the other desk and slumped back in the chair. Aden was concerned by the look on his face. She watched Clem and Joseph lead Sam toward the door. “You go on over. I want to make sure Russ and Ricky get back first.”
Joseph looked back at her. “When Sam and I finish lunch, we’ll relieve you and Dan.” He shut the door behind him.
Aden stared out the big window watching Clem go up the street toward the house while Joseph and Sam walked together toward the café.
Daniel sat staring at the list on the desk for a moment then looked up at Aden. “Do you think Dad can still handle this?”
She walked toward the desk he was sitting at. She turned and leaned on the edge of Sam’s desk. “I think your dad still needs to be the sheriff, regardless of whether he believes he can do it or not.” She certainly didn’t want to keep the job.
Daniel pushed the notepad aside. It collided with a small box at the corner of the desk. He frowned and pulled it over. “I almost forgot.” He held the box out to her. “Clem brought this over for you while you were busy with the detective.”
Aden took the box. “What’s in it?”
“What! Do you think I peeked? We’re not in sixth grade anymore.”
Aden smiled remembering the birthday surprised he’d ruined. She shook the box gently. Something inside rattled. “At least it’s not alive.” She opened the box and pulled back the flaps. The white fragments reflected the glare of the florescent tubes overhead. Aden sighed.
Daniel got up and came to stand beside her. He looked down in the box. “It is definitely not a knitted hat.”
Aden struggled not to cry. She reached in and pulled out the biggest piece. The handle was still intact. She traced the old mended fractures. “Murphy wins.” She couldn’t control the shake in her voice.
Daniel touched the piece. “What is it?” His voice was very soft.
She handed it to him. “One of your super glue jobs. The ultimate Murphy. When everything else breaks, the only thing that won’t, will be the piece held together by super glue.” Aden covered her mouth with her free hand.
Daniel took the box from her and set it on the desk. He dropped the handle inside and pulled her into his arms. “It was your dad’s mug. Wasn’t it?”
She was shaking so hard she was grateful he was holding her or she might have ended up on the floor. “Mom broke the handle off during one of her fits.”
He held her close. Aden could feel him tremble. “I remember.” His voice wavered.
She leaned into his shoulder. “You were always so good at picking up all of my broken pieces.”
He began rocking her gently. He sniffed. “I remember all your little glass animals that she dumped on the floor.” He hugged her tight. “And that cute little china doll that Gran Nan gave you for Christmas one year.”
Aden gasped. She’d forgotten all about it. “I never found all the pieces to that.”
Daniel gently pulled up her face. He had tear tracks running down from the corners of his eyes. He held her face and brushed at her tears with his thumbs. “You have no idea how much it scared me when you said you felt like that doll. I hated your mother for that more than anything else. You went and got the broom and swept up the pieces and threw them away.” His face crumpled and he pulled her close. “I’d been so afraid that you were going to give up on yourself like you had on that doll.” He shook.
Aden hugged him. He’d always been there to put her back together. She squeezed her eyes closed. She hadn’t been there for him when he’d needed her most. “I’m sorry.”
“For what?”
“Not being able to pick up your pieces after your mom left.”
She felt him swallow. He was quiet for some time. She realized he was struggling to get himself under control. She felt terrible for having mentioned it. Daniel sighed. “Cindy put me back together. She said you had other things on your mind.” His tone was almost cool.
Aden pulled away. She wrapped her arms around herself. “I couldn’t even talk about it.”
“Why?” She could hear the hurt in his voice.
Aden turned back to him. “Because I was under subpoena from the court. I couldn’t.”
He frowned. “Did this have something to do with Davy Baldwin?”
She nodded and turned toward the big front window. She hadn’t thought about that in a long time. It didn’t matter anymore. “That’s all in the past now.” She looked at the box of broken pieces. That was all her past seemed to be made of.
Daniel was struggling to breathe. She turned and looked at him. His face was flush. “That bastard! He made you testify! Didn’t he?”
“I testified because it was the right thing to do. I knew that and my father knew it, too.”
“Aden! You were twelve! How could he have put you through that?”
She bit her lip. Had she chosen or had her father? She’d never have the chance to ask him. “At least you got to make up with your dad.”
He turned away and looked down at the floor. “I blamed him too long for something that wasn’t his fault. My mom didn’t leave because of him.” He glanced at her. “At least your mom never left.”
Aden felt her throat constrict. “You have no idea how many times I wished she would have.” 
* * *

Michael sat back on the stool. His whole body ached. The headache had progressively gotten worse since Aden and the detective had left. He massaged his forehead with his fingertips. Why couldn’t he find the receptor?
The STEM beeped. He looked at the new sample. It looked just like the others. He moved to one of the mitochondria. It had multiplied at least a dozen times while he waited for the air to be pumped out of the sample chamber. He sat watching it churn out copies that would be budded out in new virions. It was insane. He’d never seen a virus do this before. He had to figure out what was driving the process.
He heard footsteps cross the floor and proceed down the stairs. He swiveled on the stool. Clem rounded the corner. Michael sighed. He glanced at his watch. It was well into the afternoon.
Clem tapped on the frame of the door. “You still alive down here?”
Michael reached for the pencil to make note of his lack of success. His hand was shaking. “To the best of my knowledge.”
Clem came in and put a finger on his neck. “Yup. You've got a pulse. That’s a good start. Looks like you’re breathing, too.”
Michael managed to grin. He tapped the pencil eraser on the monitor. “I found the replication process.”
Clem came over and leaned his elbows on the counter. “I’d say wow but I haven’t a clue what I’m looking at.”
“This is a nasty virus. It uses the same slippery technique that HIV does. Its primary point of replication is in a T-cell.”
Clem whistled. “The invader takes over the guard and hides in his uniform. Oldest trick in the book.”
“Not exactly.” Michael rubbed his eyes. How long had he been staring at the monitor? “There are only a handful of viruses that use this form of replication.” He pointed to the mitochondria. “That organelle is the powerhouse of the cell. Its primary job is to synthesize incoming proteins and turn them into food for the cell. Somehow the virus gets the mitochondria to keep duplicating. I don’t fully understand the mechanism.”
“So it keeps making more little powerhouses and spits them out?”
Michael moved to the containment unit and pulled out the sample of white foam. “Have you noticed that when Duval gets shot, he doesn’t just bleed? After awhile, you start to see this white pus. I think it’s excess proteins that are formed by excessive replication. The virus must absorb them later.”
“It sure makes Duval down right hungry. He took four cows and left literally nothing but skin and bones.”
Michael felt his stomach turn. He was glad he hadn’t seen that for himself. “He tends to process blood first from what we’ve seen of his victims. And he really does get every last drop. Don’t ask me how.” He shuddered. “Blood is the most basic protein in the body. The average person can’t tolerate it in their stomach. They just heave it up again. Somehow, the virus must modify the stomach to handle the blood.”
Clem shook his head. “I’m thinking your stomach is probably on the empty side right now. It’s been some hours since I fed you last. Me thinks we should mosey on down to the café and correct that deficiency.” He winked. “Don’t get me wrong. It’s not a date or anything.”
Clem’s comical expression was too much. Michael started laughing. “Okay! You win. Let me save this image and stick this sample back in containment. Wouldn’t want it crawling away on its own.”
Clem got out of the way and watched as Michael released the sample from the STEM and put it back in containment. He followed Michael up the stairs and out the front door then fell into step beside him. “I wish there was more I could do to help you.”
Michael was squinting. He’d been down in the basement too long. He looked around at the people walking on the street and the kids playing ball behind the school. What would happen to them if he couldn’t find a way to control this virus? He glanced at Clem. “Actually, there is something you could do.”
“Name it!”
“I need some test subjects.”
Clem frowned. “I never tested very well.”
Michael laughed. “I was actually thinking of something a little smaller. Maybe some mice? Does anyone around town use a live trap?”
Clem hummed a tuneless song for a moment. “You know, I may just have the perfect thing. Would rabbits do?”
Michael thought for a moment. They’d never used rabbits at the lab. He couldn’t remember why. It was usually just mice or rats. But why not? It would at least give him an idea of what the virus was doing. “I think it will work.”
Clem sighed. “I doubt Old Henry will mind. They usually just end up in the stew pot anyway.” His voice was quiet and flat.
Michael noticed Joseph on the porch of the café. He was talking to an older man in bib overalls. “I hope Aden isn’t still mad at Joseph.”
Clem chuckled dryly. “I did notice that she gave him the west side to be responsible for.”
“Worse people on that side?”
“Nope. But Duval hasn’t been over there as far as anyone can tell. I’m thinking Joe’s going to have to earn her confidence back.” Joe and the other man had gone inside by the time they got to the café. Clem held open the outer door for Michael. “After you.”
Michael went through the entry and pushed into the main dining room. It was packed. “Business looks good.”
Clem stopped behind him. “I doubt Annie is charging anyone for anything. She’s just that way. But it is going to be tough to find a table.”
Michael’s eyes had finally stopped bothering him. He noticed the small table under the stairs was empty. “We could sit at Jack’s table.”
Clem swallowed hard. “I guess we could.”
Michael led the way along the wall toward the corner table. He and Clem sat down. He looked toward the front counter and realized Sam was sitting there talking to Annie. He could just barely make out what Sam was saying over the din of the crowd. “I tell you Annie, that detective from Portland must think I’m crazy. I know Aden does. It was a dumb idea anyway.”
Annie put a hand on his arm. “Don’t be so hard on yourself, Sam. That detective hasn’t seen what the Beast does to things. From what I heard, it doesn’t believe in leftovers.”
Sam picked up his coffee cup and stared at the contents. “I’m not going to waste anyone’s time with it. Who knows if the trap would even hold it.”
Clem frowned. He leaned closer to Michael. “That’s a pity. Russ is already on his way down with a load of scrap metal.”
Michael watched Annie disappear into the back through the service doors. “I feel like I missed something.”
Clem played with his napkin-rolled silverware. “Sam had this idea of having me build a trap that would hold Duval long enough for you to figure out what to do with him.” He sighed. “Well, that will give me time to work on my other projects. Speaking of.” He looked around then leaned even closer. “I need to figure out what to do about the mess over in the morgue. Something needs to happen there real quick. I’m afraid to go in there.”
Michael finally realized what Clem was referring to. “I think Jack’s holy water might be the solution to that dilemma.”
Clem laughed. “That’s a good one!”
Michael frowned. “What is?”
“The holy water being the solution? You know, it’s a liquid with stuff in it - a solution.”
Michael shook his head. “Sorry. This headache is making it hard for me to think. I didn’t realize what I’d said.”
Clem put a hand on his arm. “I’m not sure how much of that is due to lack of food or if some of it might be after effects of that antibiotic I stabbed you with.”
“It’s just been tough to concentrate. After I get something to eat, I’ll go back to the lab and mix up a big batch for you. I’ll give you a hand. Do you have bleach over there?”
“A cabinet full.”
“That’s good. We should probably bleach all the surfaces when we’re done. I’m just worried about sending all this stuff down the drain.”
Clem grinned. “No worries. When I built that place, I specially designed the drain system to hit a separate holding tank. I call bio-haz services to pump it when it gets full.”
Annie came back out with a fresh pot of coffee and stopped to top off Sam’s cup. She glanced over and noticed them. “Be there in a moment.” She turned back to Sam. “Besides, this detective can’t know everything or he wouldn’t have come all the way out here to Sweetvale just to talk to Michael. You shouldn’t give up, Sam. At least it would be contained.”
Sam turned to look at them. He picked up his coffee and came over to join them. “What do you think, Doc?”
Michael had no idea. He looked over at Clem. “Could you build something strong enough to hold him?”
Clem grinned. “I’ve been working on Aden’s door that he dented. It looks worse than it really is. Considering the materials Russ has, I think I could do it.”
Sam slapped the table. “Then let’s do it.” He looked at Michael. “How long until you have your syrup ready?”
Michael’s head was ringing. When did he start making syrup?
Clem laughed. “I think you mean serum, Sam.”
Michael looked at Sam. “I’m not sure. I’ve got more questions than answers right now. That’s why I need some test subjects.”
Jimmy came running up to the table. He was out of breath. Michael tensed, worried that Duval had taken another victim. The young man finally pulled in enough air. “Russ and Ricky are back. They got a huge truckload of junk.”
Clem got up. “One man’s trash is another man’s trap.” He patted Jimmy’s shoulder. “I’ll be there to direct traffic in a shake.” He looked at Michael. “You make sure and eat. I’ll come over for those cleaning supplies in a bit then I’ll round you up some students.” He headed for the door.
Jimmy hurried along beside him. “What grade do they have to be?”
Clem went out the door laughing.
Michael’s stomach was rolling. He didn’t really want to think about food, especially if they were going to be cleaning out the morgue. He started shaking. He tried to get up but his knees refused to lift him out of the chair. He struggled to breathe. It felt like something had grabbed him around the chest.
Michael looked at Sam, fearing he had noticed. Sam was watching Annie. She was standing next to Joseph, who had just taken a seat at the counter. Michael could tell that Sam wasn’t happy about something. He could almost see Sam’s pulse beating in his neck.
He struggled not to panic. He looked down at his own hands. They were trembling.
Michael felt someone walking toward them. He looked up. Mr. McGrayson was standing next to their table. Michael squinted. He could swear he was seeing a halo around the man’s body. What was happening to him? Was this lack of food or some leftover effect of the medication?
Sam looked up. “Afternoon, Ian. What can I do for you?”
“May I take a seat?”
“Of course.”
Michael struggled to get his pulse under control. He could see the tension in the old man’s face. 
McGrayson leaned close to Sam. “I’m worried.”
“About what?” Sam’s voice dropped to match.
McGrayson looked around before focusing on Sam again. “There are a lot of frightened people in town.” He looked at Michael. “I’m sorry, Doctor, I know you explained it to me and I understand it’s a virus.” He turned back to Sam. “But some folks just can’t get the idea out of their heads that this killer isn’t some kind of demonic vampire.”
Sam leaned back in his chair. “I’m right there with them on that call. But I’m willing to fight for them.” He looked over at Michael then back at McGrayson. “We’ve got a plan.” He stood up.
Michael managed to get his legs to respond and he pushed himself out of the chair. He steadied his balance by hanging onto the table.
Sam looked over at him. “This is one demon who’s going to wish he never came to Sweetvale.”
* * *

Aden closed the box. Part of her said to just let it go and drop it in the waste basket. She thought of what Daniel had said about the china doll and changed her mind. She set the box on the desk.
The office door opened and Sam came in. He looked flushed. “We’re going to do it!”
“Do what?”
“We’re going to make that trap. That fancy city detective doesn’t know everything. We’re going to catch that demon and keep him from hurting anyone else.”
Aden frowned. Had he forgotten that she didn’t think much of his trap idea either? She noticed he was looking around. “Daniel’s gone up to the school. Russ came over and asked for someone. The stock owners are trying to come up with a way to protect their remaining animals.”
Sam started to say something but a car screeched to a halt in front of the office. Aden and Sam both headed for the door. Sam held it open for her and followed her out.
Ben jumped out of his car. “Praise God that you’re here! Heaven help us all!”
Sam moved forward and grabbed Ben’s arm. “Slow down, Preacher. What are you going on about?”
“The angel of death has visited someone along our road.”
Aden gasped. “There’s a dead motorist? Where?”
“Almost to the highway. I found the car in the ditch.” Ben covered his face. “Satan’s spawn has surely visited that poor soul.”
Aden looked at Sam. “I’ll drive.”
Ben moved his car and Aden backed out. Sam got on the radio and called for Daniel and Joseph. “We’ve got another one. DOS on the main line. Aden and I are in route.”
Daniel called for Joseph. “Grab my truck and pick me up at the school.”
Sam called for Clem. His voice sounded odd when he answered. “Doc and I are just finishing up a little house cleaning. Sounds like we don’t need to hurry. We’ll be on our way shortly.” He signed off.
Aden focused on the road. Large drops of rain hit the windshield. “Just what we need. Another storm.”
“Weather Service said we’d be getting a few more through the area before the week was over.” He pointed to something on his side of the road. “There’s the car!”
Aden slowed and pulled off the road. The tingle raced up her spine. She recognized the car. “It can’t be!” Aden cut the engine and jumped out.
The body was laying face down in the gravel behind the car. She recognized the clothes and gasped. Sam raced forward and rolled it over with his foot. “It’s Detective Peters!”
Aden felt her world falling apart. A look of terror twisted the detective’s features. She moved forward and knelt beside his body. It looked shrunken but not shredded as Duval usually left his victims. The front of his shirt was ripped open and drenched in blood. She pulled out a pen and carefully moved part of the cloth aside. The fractured ribs were empty. They reminded her of some macabre basket that had been emptied and left behind. She let the cloth fall and stood up.
Sam was pacing in front of the SUV. He looked up at her. His face was pale. “There’s no one left. We’re on our own.”
Daniel’s truck came around the corner and slowed down. She could see Joseph in the driver’s seat. He pulled in behind the SUV. She waited for Joseph to come forward. Daniel followed him.
Aden pointed at Sam. “Talk to him. Get him to calm down.” She turned and walked back to the scene, passing the body, and stopped by the car. She looked back at the road and tried to reconstruct the scene. It looked as though he’d swerved quickly and got dragged in by the gravel.
She heard the rescue squad pull in behind the other vehicles. She walked back to the body and pulled out her phone. She started taking photos. Something had definitely changed in Duval’s methods. Was it personal? Had he known Detective Peters?
Daniel came up as she was moving to the other side. “You got a strange idea of subject matter. This sure isn’t going to win a prize.”
“I’m not out to win anything. I’m documenting a scene.” Aden frowned. It looked like he was laying on his right hand. She moved back to that side and pushed at the body. The arm rolled free.
Daniel gagged and turned away. Aden stared at the stump of the wrist. This was definitely different. What was Duval doing?
Clem came forward. “Is Danny Boy okay?”
“Fortunately, I don’t think he’s had lunch yet.” Aden took a few more pictures and closed the camera app. “This is really weird. It’s not like anything he’s done before.”
Michael came forward. Aden took one look at him and got worried. She was afraid to ask how he was. She could tell he wasn’t doing well.
Michael did a fast exam and turned to Clem. “Let’s get him bagged.” Even his voice sounded strange.
Clem grabbed Daniel’s arm. “Come on. Give me a hand with the stretcher. It will keep your mind off of it.”
Aden looked at Michael. “Do you think this is odd?”
Michael glanced back at the body. “It’s been drained of blood and the internal organs are gone.” He pointed at the wrist. “That’s a new twist.” He shook his head and walked away.
Aden could see him shaking. She didn’t want to push him.
Clem and Daniel came back with the wheeled stretcher. There was a thick black bag on top of it. Clem paused at the feet and looked back at Daniel. “I can get it from here if you don’t feel comfortable with this.”
Daniel looked at him with wide eyes. “Do you?”
Clem shrugged. “I’ve seen enough of them.” His voice was flat. He looked around then at Aden. “Where did Michael go?”
She pointed to where he was standing at the front of the tilting car. “If you have an extra pair of gloves, I can help you.”
“No.” Michael’s tone startled her. He came back and picked up the bag. He looked at Clem. “Let’s get this over with.” His hands shook as he shoved them into the gloves.
Aden backed away. She noticed Daniel was watching her. Everything felt wrong at that moment. She decided to join Sam and Joseph.
Sam was looking at the sky. “I don’t like it. With these clouds, it’s already too dark.” He looked over at Clem. “The car can stay here tonight. I don’t want you at risk. Let’s wrap this up so we can get out of here.”
Daniel came over and put a hand on Sam’s shoulder. “Spoken like a true sheriff.”
Aden watched them load the stretcher in the back of the rescue squad. Michael didn’t say anything else to her. Aden had the feeling he was angry with her for something.
Sam had Daniel and Joseph take the lead. He waited until the other two vehicles had gotten turned around. “Okay, Kiddo. Let’s get out of here.”
Aden was more than happy to oblige. She followed the rescue squad back to town. This was one report she wasn’t looking forward to writing.
Daniel pulled in at the café while Clem continued to the fire station. Aden pulled into the lot by the office. She looked over at Sam. “I want to go see if Michael is going to join us for dinner.”
“Good plan. I’ll meet you guys over at Annie’s.”
He went into the office and Aden walked across the street. The rescue squad was still parked in the alley. She had to squeeze between the wall and the vehicle to get to the back door. It was propped open. She could hear voices inside.
Clem came out of the morgue and pealed out of a white suit. He turned and jumped a little. “Aden! You nearly gave me a heart attack!”
Aden came in. “Is Michael still inside?”
Clem hung up his suit. “He’s trying a new tactic so we don’t have anymore extreme messes to clean up.” His voice sounded flat.
Aden sat on the wooden bench along the wall. “I’m worried about him.”
Clem cleared his throat as Michael emerged from the morgue. He pulled off his hood and held up a baggie. “I think I got it all. We’ll have to watch him over the next couple of days just to make sure.”
Clem nodded and pointed in Aden’s direction. “I’m going to run the squad around and get it back in the bay.”
Aden watched him leave then turned to Michael. He was watching her. She stood up. “It smells odd in here. Did Clem break a bleach bottle?”
“You could say that.” Michael dropped the baggie on the bench and started pulling out of the white suit. “Did you need something, Sheriff?”
Aden was startled by his tone. She swallowed hard. “I wanted to ask you about the body.”
Michael’s face darkened. “Are you still on that? I looked at it already at the scene. I just got done cutting chunks out of it. Do you want to see them?” His voice had risen in volume.
Aden backed up a step. “No. That’s okay.”
He stepped out of the suit and scooped it up off the floor. “I’m trying to do everything for everybody. I’m tired and I hurt like hell.”
The icy tendrils closed around her throat. “I’m sorry. Forget I asked. Maybe we should just go over to dinner.”
Michael stared at her. “Dinner?” He looked down at the baggie on the bench. “I realize you have no clue what it takes to be able to cut infected pieces off of a dead body.” He looked at her. His face was taut. “Food is kind of the last thing on my mind.”
Aden’s stomach turned. What had she been thinking? “Never mind. I’m not very hungry either. I’m just going to go through the files. I’ll be in the upstairs office at the house.” Aden slipped around the backdoor and leaned against the wall outside.
She heard a different door open and close in the back hall. “Michael, are you okay?” The concern in Clem’s voice chilled her. 
She peered around the corner. Michael was sitting on the bench holding his head in his hands. He looked up at Clem. “I just keep messing it up. I don’t know what’s wrong with me.”
Clem put a hand on his shoulder. “She loves you, Buddy. You got to expect her to worry about you.”
Michael sighed and let his head droop. “I’m just so tired. My body aches. What did you give me?”
Clem chuckled and sat down next to him. “Some extra strength antibiotic that a doctor in Newport loaned me for emergencies. I’d occasionally get bullheaded patients who didn’t want to take the time to get little things taken care of and they’d grow into serious things, like major systemic infections.”
Michael nodded. “It was headed in that direction, wasn’t it?”
Clem glanced down at the baggie. “I realize food isn’t high on your priority list but you need to eat at some point. And sleep should be on that list, too.”
“Thanks, Clem.” Michael stood but leaned against the wall.
Clem jumped up and grabbed him. “Have you been drinking enough?”
“I think I finished off that jug you gave me.”
“Let’s correct that problem. Follow me.” Clem led Michael down to a door at the end of the hall.
Aden breathed. Maybe she was overreacting. He was still recovering from a serious injury and under a lot of pressure. She walked down the alley and headed for the house.
Aden went in the front door and flipped on the lights in the dining room. The satchel still sat on the dining room table. She struggled to wrap her mind around everything. The man who had given her those files just a few hours ago was now horrifically dead. She shuddered.
She hung her coat on a peg, grabbed the bag, and started up the stairs. She stopped at the top and stared at the door to her father’s office. Too many memories challenged her. How many times had he called her in to stand before his desk?
She moved to the door and pushed it open. The darkness felt oppressive. She flipped the switch next to the door and the accent lights around the ceiling came on. The shelves above the light fixtures danced with glowing cobwebs that hung like distant memories. She refused to look at them.
Aden moved to her father’s desk and turned on the lamp. It looked as though it hadn't been touched in awhile. The calendar pad had notations scribbled on it in his handwriting. She tried not to read them. She set the satchel down on the desk and moved to the chair. It was the same old leather office chair that he’d always had. Aden slowly reached out and touched the back. Her fingers felt the dust. It chilled her.
She sat down. She looked at the satchel but her eyes were drawn toward the pictures around the perimeter of the desk. There were pictures of her as a child, a couple of her and her father, and even her academy graduation photo. And there was a picture of her mother.
Her mother’s face looked old and wrinkled. It reminded her of weathered wood siding that had lost its paint ages ago. Her hand reached for the frame. She discovered the picture wasn’t really attached to it, just sitting in the rim. It fell to the desk revealing a much older picture of her parents at their wedding. She picked up the fallen photo and turned it over. Her father had dated the back. It had been taken just a few days before she died.
Aden closed her eyes. The tears escaped. She dropped the photo and covered her face with her hands. She hadn’t cried for her mother for eighteen years. Why was she suddenly crying now?
Hands touched her shoulders. “Aden? Are you all right?” Michael’s soft voice startled her.
She looked at him through her tears. “I’m sorry.” She took a couple ragged breaths, trying to get herself back under control. “It’s just an old picture.” She tried to brush it away.
Michael grabbed it before it could go over the side. “Was this your mother?”
Aden nodded. “I don’t remember her that way.” She actually didn’t have a clear memory of her face. A small space in her chest ached. There were other women that had nurtured her whose faces were far clearer in her mind. But not her own mother.
Michael leaned on the edge of the desk. “She didn’t look very well.”
“She had liver failure. She’d been sick a long time. In the end, Daddy had to put her in the hospital. That’s where she died.”
Michael was still studying the photo. “Liver failure?”
Aden swallowed hard. “She was an alcoholic.” Aden bit her lip to try to keep the sobs from escaping.
Michael touched the side of her face. “That’s why it always bothered you when people drank around you.” Michael dropped the picture on the desk and pulled Aden out of the chair. He held her tightly.
She could feel him shaking. Aden found his face and touched his tears with her fingertips. “Michael?”
He clung to her even tighter. “I lost you for the same reason.” He buried his face in her neck. “After you left, I couldn’t handle it. I started drinking with Scott. It helped me forget. And I lost everything. Even you.” His tears ran down her neck.
Aden squeezed her own eyes shut. She’d driven him to drink, just like she had her mother. “I never should have left.” She cried with him.
Michael began rubbing his hands along her back. He pulled her close and found her face with his lips. He began kissing away her tears. “I’m here. I won’t leave you.” His mouth found hers.
Aden’s body trembled. She had never needed his touch so much in her life. She returned his kiss. She melted into his body. Before she realized it, he had picked her up in his arms and was carrying her toward the bedroom. “Michael, be careful. I don’t want you to hurt your side.”
“My side is fine.” His voice was deep. It sent a shiver through her body. “Aden. You have always been the only one.” He laid her on the bed and began undressing her. His lips never left her body.
Aden lost herself in his touch. She pushed everything else out of her mind. She didn’t want to think about anything but him. And he wasn’t about to let her. She lost track of time and space. Nothing else matter but his body touching hers. At some point in the night, when they were both finally spent, she drifted off to sleep in his arms.
Aden came out of the dream with a start. She was drenched with sweat and twisted in the sheets. Was she ill? She swallowed hard. Her hand felt the bed beside her. Michael wasn’t there.
She showered and dressed. Aden went down to the lab and found Michael staring at the monitor. The small viral worms wiggled on the screen. She was afraid to disturb him.
Michael whirled around and looked at her. “Aden! Did you need something?”
“I just wanted to see how you were doing. Did you want to come to breakfast?”
Michael rubbed his forehead with the back of a gloved hand. “In a bit. I’ve got a test sample that I’m watching. I can’t leave it right now.” He turned back to the bench and sat down again.
Aden went back upstairs. She felt confused. He was acting so strange. Was the stress getting to him? She wanted to find Clem. Maybe he could help.
Aden grabbed her coat and slipped out the front door. The town seemed too quiet. She wondered where everyone was. She pulled out her radio and called for Clem.
Clem answered. “I’m at the café fueling up for the day.”
“I’ll be there in a few. Hang tight.”
“Copy that.” Clem signed off.
Aden changed course and jogged toward the café. She saw Jimmy coming down the graveled path from the cabins. He paused as she came to the porch. “Uh, Sheriff Aden?”
That piece of metal again. “Hi, Jimmy. How are you today?”
“I’m a little worried about Granny. She’s been so strange since Beth’s baby was born.”
Aden tensed. “Where is she?”
Jimmy pointed toward one of the cabins. Mrs. Becker was sitting on a chair on the small porch. 
Aden was relieved. “She looks fine. What’s the problem?”
“She just sits there and hums. I don’t know what’s wrong with her. Do you think you might be able to talk to her?”
Aden sighed. He looked so desperate. “I guess I can try.” She followed Jimmy to the cabin and knelt down next to the old woman so she could look up in her face.
Mrs. Becker looked over at her. “Why am I still here?”
Aden put a hand on the old woman’s withered hand. Had she slipped back into her own world again? “It’s not safe to go back to your house right now.”
Mrs. Becker closed her eyes and sighed. “It doesn’t matter. I’d still be here whether I was sitting on this porch or my own.” She reached out and touched Aden’s face with her free hand. “You’re so young. You don’t understand.”
Aden didn’t consider herself young but she didn’t want to argue. “Where would you rather be?”
The old woman closed her eyes again. “Gone.” Aden let go of her hand. Emma folded both hands in her lap and began humming a tune Aden didn’t recognize.
Aden glanced at Jimmy. He looked ready to cry. She got up and pulled him away. They walked back toward the main building. “I know it’s hard.”
“It’s just, I’ve gotten used to taking care of Granny.” His voice caught. “I don’t want her to die.”
Aden’s throat tightened. “We never want the ones we love to die but they do. Death is part of life. We all die eventually.” Her knees felt weak. She fought to keep it from showing.
Jimmy managed a tight smile. “Thanks for trying.” He went toward the service station and Aden walked into the café.
Clem waved to her as she entered. “I saved you a seat.”
Aden was startled by the empty room. “Where is everyone?”
“Down at the school, I suspect. Ben is preaching a special service of some sort. Not that I think it’s going to make a bit of difference, but the folks are all upset. News leaked out about Detective Peters’ death.”
Aden closed her eyes. “As if we don’t have enough problems.”
Clem touched her arm. “You okay? You look a little pale.”
“I’ll survive.” Annie came out of the kitchen and Aden called to her. “What have you got left?”
Annie came over and put an arm around her shoulders. “You know I held back some breakfast for you and Michael. I’ll heat it up and bring it out.”
Aden gave her a squeeze and let her go. She watched her disappear into the kitchen. “How are Beth and her daughter doing?”
Clem smiled. “Much better this morning. Maggie is staying with her just in case. How’s Michael?”
Aden wasn’t sure how to answer that. “I’m worried about him. I don’t think he’s getting enough sleep and I know he’s not getting enough to eat. He’s been under so much stress. It’s adding up and taking its toll.”
Clem frowned. “How about I take his breakfast to him and see if I can’t do a quick assessment.”
“I’d really appreciate that. I know he gets fixated on projects but he’s been off since we got him home.”
“It could be just left over from the infection. That was a doozy. But I’ll check him out gently.”
Annie came out of the kitchen with a couple of wrapped parcels. “Do you want me to put these in a basket?”
Clem got up. “That won’t be necessary. Aden needs to get on to the office and I need to check on Michael, so I’ll take his over.”
Annie handed one to each of them. “Have to keep our doctor going.”
Aden glanced at Clem and managed to smile at Annie. “Absolutely.”
Aden opened the towel as she left the café. The warm steam from the hot breakfast roll enveloped her face. The smell was almost as good as the taste. She walked slowly and finished the sandwich before stepping up on the porch of the Sheriff’s Office. The quiet street was unnerving.
Sam’s voice was a rough mumble through the closed door. Aden sighed and pulled it open. Daniel looked up at her. “I was beginning to wonder if we were going to have to form a posse.”
“Just had a short side track with Mrs. Becker.” She glanced at the map they were studying and decided to take a seat by the computer instead.
Joseph came over. “Is Emma all right?”
“She seems to be more cognitive since Beth’s baby was born. But she’s also sad and Jimmy is worried about her.”
Joseph nodded. “Dementia is both a blessing and a curse. It allows a person to forget their troubles. You pulled her out of the sand and now she can see the wall again.”
Aden wasn’t sure if that was a kindness or a cruelty. She woke up the computer and keyed in the password.
Sam came over and leaned on the monitor. “Are you going to come join us?”
“There’s something I have to do first.” She found the files that Detective Peters had sent her. They had several phone numbers on them. Aden already knew which two numbers not to call. It was a matter of trial and error with the others.
Sam tapped Joe on the arm. “Maybe Sheriff Anderson will decide to join us when she finishes with her more important duties.”
Something snapped inside. The tone of Sam’s voice was too much. Aden stood up and walked around Joseph. She planted herself in front of Sam. “If you’re fit for duty, I’ll happily give this back.” She reached for the badge on her jacket.
Sam grabbed her hand. “No.” She studied his face. Sam swallowed. “I’m sorry. I was out of line.” He turned away and went over to his desk.
Daniel looked between her and Sam. She could see the uncertainty on his face. Aden hated to put him in this position. Why wouldn’t Sam take back the badge? She looked at Joseph. “This hopefully won’t take me long. I’ve never had to report the death of an officer before.”
Joseph put a hand on her shoulder. “I’ll see what I can do for the situation.” His voice was quiet.
Aden understood what he meant. She went back to the computer and called the main office number listed in the files.
A chipper female voice answered the phone with a friendly good morning. “Homicide Division.”
“This is Deputy Anderson of the Sweetvale Sheriff’s Department.”
“Oh! Detective Peters isn’t at his desk. Do you want me to take a message?”
Aden closed her eyes and inhaled deeply. “I need to speak with his supervisor.”
“Captain Reynolds is in a meeting at the moment.”
Aden did her best to control her voice. “This is important. It can’t wait.”
She could hear papers rattling in the background. “Can I ask what this is regarding?”
What was she supposed to say? “It has to do with why Detective Peters isn’t sitting at his desk right now.”
“Will he be delayed long?”
Permanently. Aden swallowed hard. “Please, ma’am. I really do need to speak directly with Captain Reynolds.”
There was a sigh. “All right. If you can hold a moment?” The line clicked and a cheery safety message on wearing seat belts came on.
Aden leaned back in the chair and looked up at the ceiling. She could hear Sam, Joseph, and Daniel talking quietly in the background. She listened to a message on the dangers of drunk driving and was halfway through a message about the 911 service when the line clicked again.
“Deputy Anderson?” The man’s voice was thick and sounded slightly impatient.
“Captain Reynolds?”
“This is. The receptionist said you insisted on speaking with me directly. What can I do for you?”
Aden braced herself. “I’m sorry to inform you that Detective Peters is dead.”
He gasped. “Dead? Are you sure?”
“Yes, Sir. His body is currently being held in the Sweetvale morgue.” She wasn’t sure what else to say. She listened to him breathing.
“I’m sorry, Deputy. This comes as a shock. I know it was hard on him when David was killed. His body still hasn’t been recovered from the river. The dive team was having difficulty with conditions. Visibility this time of year is always a challenge.”
She watched Sam pointing to Daniel and Joseph. It made her worry. “I’m currently in the middle of a serious situation, Captain. If you could fax me your office protocols, I can get things set up with the county coroner to transfer the body back to Portland.”
“Of course. Thank you for the notification. If you could send me a report, I’d appreciate it.” He gave her a fax number and she wrote it down.
Aden ended the call and stared at the computer for a moment. She’d have to put the report together right away.
Daniel looked over the top of the computer monitor. “That didn’t sound like fun.”
“It wasn’t.” Aden got up and came around to the desk where the map was spread out.
Sam was leaning on his own desk with his hands over his face. “I should have acted sooner.” He looked at Aden. “We need bait for our trap.”
It was his trap but she wasn’t going to argue the point. She pointed to the map. “What have you been working on?”
Daniel started to say something but Sam cut him off. “We’ve been looking at the routes that it uses to come into town. Cat Creek runs behind the café so we figure that’s the most likely spot to place the trap.”
Aden sighed. She wasn’t going to be able to talk him out of this. “I need to go talk to Clem about the car. I didn’t see it over there so I’m guessing it’s still on the road.”
Sam was biting his lip. “I don’t suppose I could ask you to run out to Henry’s and grab a few goats?”
“I’ll add it to my list.” She looked at Daniel. His expression worried her. She shrugged and headed for the door.
Daniel started to follow but Sam called him back. “Dan! Let the sheriff do her job.”
The tingle wove its icy fingers up her spine. That was never a good sign. She went out the door and started across the street.
Clem was just pulling out in a battered pick-up. She waved to him and he paused.
“Where are you headed?”
“I promised Michael yesterday that I was going to round him up some students so I’m headed out to Henry’s with a bag.”
Aden frowned. “You lost me somewhere. What are you going to bag?”
“Some bunnies.” Clem’s voice was flat.
Aden looked at the back of the truck. “Do you suppose you’d have room for a few goats in the back?”
Clem raised a brow. “Goats? Sure. What’s the recipe for?”
“Bait for a trap.”
Clem nodded. “Hop in. The rabbits I can manage on my own. The goats I might need a little help with.”
Aden walked around the truck. The passenger door was a different color. She opened the door and got in. “Interesting ride you’ve got here. I just hope I never have to call it in. I’m not sure what I’d tell a dispatcher on make, color, or year.”
Clem chuckled. “That would be a tough one.” He started up the valley. “I can understand your concern about Doc. He does seem to be a little off today.”
Aden’s mind was on too many things. She looked over at Clem. “I don’t know what to do. I have a report to file on a dead detective. Sam is planning something, he won’t tell me, and he flat out refuses to take his badge back. And then there’s Michael.” Her throat closed up. She had never been so confused in her life.
* * *

Michael hoped it wouldn’t take Clem too long. He had no idea where the farm was. He decided to keep focusing on the gene sequences. He began attempting to manipulate various patterns. His patience began wearing thin after what seemed and endless succession of failures.
He tried yet another sequence and put the slide into the STEM. It showed the same results as the previous several dozen. He pushed away from the bench and paced restlessly. There had to be an answer.
He ran his hand through his hair. His side felt strange. He reached under his shirt and felt the bandage. It began to itch. The intensity grew from annoyance to frustration. He ripped the bandage off and scratched. That wasn’t the right thing to do but the relief was intense.
It took him a moment to realize what he was doing. He controlled his hand and ran his fingertips along his side. That wasn’t possible! He looked under his arm. Every muscle in his body stiffened. He should be able to see the wound. There was nothing but a slightly lighter patch of skin.
He swore and grabbed a splicing scalpel from the bench. It pierced the newly healed skin and he almost doubled over from the pain. He managed to cut a small section and staggered to the area that he’d been using to set up slides. He laid the sliver of flesh on the glass and dropped the knife. He reached for a sterile pad and went to place it on the fresh cut. It was gone, as if it had never happened. “How?” 
He swallowed hard and swapped the slide with the one in the STEM. Three minutes seemed like an eternity. The machine beeped and he looked at the monitor. The world seemed to collapse on him. The virus cells were there. He swore. “I’ve been infected!” He grabbed the edge of the bench to support his buckling knees.
Michael finally got his breathing under control. He was shaking. He sank down onto the stool and stared at the monitor. How had he contracted it? Had he gotten it from one of the samples? His mind raced. He considered the mechanism for transport. He was certain it was the saliva. Michael looked at the containment unit. He had numerous samples of the white foam.
A thought struck him. He picked up a finger stick and pricked his finger. He smeared a drop of blood on the slide, prepped it, and swapped it out for the one in the STEM. He paced the length of the workbench for three minutes.
He looked around the room and his eyes were drawn to the container of holy water he’d made for Clem. He pulled a small amount in a pipette and dropped it on the slide. It bubbled and turned the tissue to a white foamy mass. He swallowed hard. Did it have that reaction with all blood or just a sample infected with the virus?
The STEM beeped and Michael turned to the monitor. He focused the image. He gripped the edge of the counter for support. There were only a couple of virions in the sample! He captured a shot and compared the two images. The sample from his side had many more. It must be the site of contamination.
He felt his side. He’d backed into a stick. How had Duval’s saliva gotten on it? Michael gasped. He remembered! Duval had drooled on his face! He’d wiped it off and then grabbed his side! He’d infected himself! Was he going to end up like Duval?
Michael couldn’t breathe. He leaned forward on the bench. What was he going to do? He was a danger to everyone, especially Aden! He looked up and saw the container of holy water. He looked down at the slide. This would kill the virus. Michael grabbed a syringe and topped it with a needle. He filled it then pushed the plunger in until a small bead of liquid appeared. His body trembled, knowing what it would do to him.
Michael put it in a case. If he lost control, at least he wouldn’t be a danger to others. He didn’t want to end up like Duval. His entire body trembled. What if he couldn’t do it? Someone had to. He grabbed a sheet of paper and scribbled a quick note for Clem.
The sound of footsteps startled him. He could hear Aden and Clem talking as they came into the house. He shoved the syringe and note under his papers and shut off the monitor. He scanned the area and noticed the bandage that he’s pulled off. He grabbed it and wadded it up in his hand.
Aden’s voice echoed in the stairwell and sent a quiver of fear through him. “I still think Sam’s idea for this cage is crazy. Is Duval really going to be desperate enough to go after a few goats?”
Clem chuckled. “I don’t know if it will work or not but at least Sam feels like he’s doing something and the rest of the folks feel that he’s doing something. You know, I should probably warn Annie about her new pets in the woodshed.”
Aden laughed as she came around the corner. “That would be a good idea. I hope Cindy doesn’t freak out about all this. You know how she is about the whole animal business.” Aden stopped in the doorway of the lab and looked at Michael. “What happened? Are you all right?” She came forward.
Michael forced his diaphragm to expand. “Fine.” He could feel the wad of cotton in his hand. He shoved it behind his back. He noticed the wiggling bag that Clem held. He could feel the life that squirmed in it. His mouth began to water. He swallowed down his panic.
Clem frowned. “Do you need some more food? I can run over to Annie’s and get you something.”
Michael struggled to stay still. “That would really help.” He forced his fear under control. “You have a bag and by the way it’s moving, I’m guessing I should get some containment units ready.”
Aden had a puzzled look on her face. “I can help you with that.”
Clem held out the bag. “There’s three of them in here. Let me know if you need more. There’s plenty more to choose from out at Henry’s.”
Michael didn’t want to move the hand that held the bandage. He grabbed the bag with the other hand. “Thanks, Clem.”
Clem put a hand on his arm. “You got your own personal earthquake going on. What’s up, Doc?”
Michael couldn’t face them. He was afraid to say anything. Would they put him in the cage instead of Duval? He looked toward the containment unit and tried to think of what to say. “I’m just having trouble with the protein sequence.” At least that was the truth.
Clem patted him on the arm. “You definitely need more food. Hang on. I’ll be right back.” Clem turned and hustled across the basement toward the stairs. His footsteps hurried across the floor of the house and the front door opened and closed.
Michael finally relaxed. He almost dropped the bag of rabbits.
Aden caught it. “Michael, what’s going on?”
“Nothing!” He leaned back over his other hand that was still clutching the balled up bandage.
“What are you hiding?”
He tried to act playful. “What, Sheriff, do you want to do a strip search?”
Aden frowned. “Don’t need to. I know what you have down there.” She reached around his back and grabbed his closed hand. She looked up at him. “Give.”
As she extended her reach, their bodies made contact. His body reacted instantly. He couldn’t control himself. He wrapped his arms around her and his lips found hers. The sensation was pure ecstasy. He tasted every part of her mouth. He dropped the bandage wad and ran his hands up her back, lifting her toward him.
Aden gasped and tried to pull back. He couldn’t let her go. She dropped the rabbit bag so she could plant both hands on his chest.
Her push was strong but it only heightened the sensation more. “Aden.” He pulled her tightly to his body. “I need you.”
She tried to squirm away but he refused to let her. “Michael, what are you doing? What’s wrong with you?” Aden leaned back away from him so she could put her hands on his shoulders at arms length. She gasped. “Michael!”
He started moving against her. The feeling was beyond anything he’d ever known. He swung their bodies around and pinned her against the bench so he could use his hands to unfasten her jeans. “I want you.” Her eyes were wide. Her whole body shook. He could smell her need. He leaned over and kissed her as he slid her pants down. His own pants were easier.
Aden tried to twist away. She knocked an empty glass beaker to the floor and it shattered. “Michael! What are you doing?”
He held her tighter. “Oh, Aden! I need you now.” He lifted her upward and slid into her. She gasped and stopped resisting. He felt the wave build inside as their bodies danced in rhythm. He could feel it growing in her. He waited until she peaked and exploded.
She clung to him, riding the wave. Her fingers dug into his back. Her body trembled with release. She buried her face in his neck, the tears damp against his hot skin.
His stomach knotted. She was crying! He closed his eyes and hugged her. “Aden. Please tell me I haven’t hurt you.” He buried his face in her shoulder and ran his hands up her back under her shirt. His whole body ached and he sobbed uncontrollably. How could he have hurt her? “I’m sorry. I love you so much.”
She hugged him tightly and they clung to each other. She found his face with her hand and pulled it up. Her lips touched his. She whispered soft reassurances against them.
He carefully disengaged but still held her close. They both cried together. How could he have done that to her?
She began running her hands along his back and gasped as she brought them forward. Her hand went back to where the wound had been. Her body tensed in his embrace. She pulled back and looked up at him. “Your side.” Her eyes were wide.
He closed his eyes and leaned his head forward to rest on hers. “I know.” She tried to pull away. “Aden, please.” He held her firmly. “I’m so scared.”
She leaned back out of his embrace and took his face in her hands. “You have to tell Clem.”
“No!” He hadn’t meant to yell. He took a deep breath. “I can’t. I can’t tell anyone else.” He swallowed hard. “Do you know what they would do to me? They’d put me in that cage!” He let her go. He had to grab his pants and pull them up to keep from tripping.
Aden also reached for her pants. She picked up the bandage wad. She stood up and fastened her jeans. She held out the bandage. “Is this what you were hiding?”
He nodded, not wanting to look at her. Motion caught his eye. The rabbits were scampering around the basement, trying to find a way out. He didn’t want to face her. He pulled a few containment cages out of a box and set them up. He caught the rabbits and dropped one in each box.
Michael glanced at Aden out of the corner of his eye. She was cleaning up the broken glass. What was she thinking right now? Would she tell everyone? His body shook so hard that he had to grab the bench for support. His stomach grumbled. He was hungry.
Aden looked over at him. “Michael?” She reached for the last piece of glass. It cut her finger.
The microscopic droplets of blood filled the air with a metallic tang. Michael almost went insane. The smell was overpowering. This was Aden! What was he thinking? He dug his fingers into the wooden surface. The pain helped clear his mind. “You have to get out of here. I can’t handle it!”
She looked at him. He could feel her fear. “What do you mean?”
He fell to his knees. “You’re blood. You’ve got to get out of here! Aden, Go!”
She jumped up and ran out of the lab then stopped and looked back. “You need to eat, don’t you? Do you need blood?”
Michael curled over himself. “Aden! Get out of here now!” He sobbed. What was wrong with him? Was this what drove Duval? He wrapped his arms around himself and grabbed the sides of his lab coat.
‘Hang on, Michael. I have an idea!” Aden’s voice sounded strange in his ears. She opened the back door and disappeared.
Michael struggled to get himself under control. It was easier now that she had left the room. He slowly uncurled. The breeze from the open door created gentle eddies in the lab and drew the smell of the blood away. Michael pulled deep breaths of fresh air into his lungs.
He could hear her long before she returned. She was carrying something. He could smell it. It was warm and life pulsed through it. It both called to him and terrified him.
Aden came in the back door with a goat in her arms. He could see the radiant heat of the animal. The tang of its living scent made him salivate. She brought it inside the packing room. The goat must have sensed its demise was near. It began to squirm and bleat in her arms.
“Michael, here, take this thing before it kicks me black and blue.”
He couldn’t resist any longer. He crawled forward and grabbed the goat. He could feel the blood pulsing just below the skin. He lost control and sank his teeth into the neck, ripping at the flesh to find the rich warm metallic liquid. He began to pull deeply, gorging himself with the sweetness.
The goat seemed to shrivel in his arms. There was nothing left, not a single drop of life remained. He let go of the shrunken body and licked his fingers. He could breathe again. He noticed the smell of her fear and looked up.
Aden was curled into a corner of the basement, surrounded by crates. The look on her face was one of horror and dread. He saw the goat and accepted it. He had fed. It seemed right and natural.
“Michael?” Her tone was quiet and quivering. 
He shrugged. It seemed very logical to his brain now that he could think clearly. He stood up. “I am becoming a predator.”
“No!” She got up and came toward him. “You have to keep working. You can’t give up. Please!”
It all made sense. He turned to her. “Don’t you see, Aden? It’s natural evolution. Everything has to eat. To live we must consume life. It’s the trophic nature of existence. The best hunters, the ones at the top of the food chain, are the most highly evolved. I am evolving.” But into what?
He could sense her terror. This confused him. He came toward her but she backed out of the doorway. “Michael. Where are you?”
He could hear footsteps upstairs and tensed. He could smell the intruder. “It’s Sam. He’s coming down the stairs!”
Aden gasped. “The goat! We’ve got to get rid of it!” 
Michael felt her concern for him. He looked around and noticed something under the bench. He pulled out an old square of carpet and rolled the goat into it. “Just don’t say anything.” Michael shoved it up under the counter and stood as Sam came around the corner.
The goat’s body began sliding out of the carpet roll. Aden moved in front of it and pushed it up under the bench with her foot as Sam came into the other area of the basement. Michael moved beside her. He could feel her struggling to keep her foot on the animal’s head.
Sam looked at the open back door. “Do you really think it’s wise to have that open?”
Michael cleared his throat. “We just needed to air out the room. One of the experiments had a bad smell.”
Sam waved his hand in front of his face. “Ya, I see what you mean.” He came into the packing room. Sam looked over all the things on the work bench. “So Doc, how’s that syrup coming?”
Michael was confused. “Syrup?”
Aden leaned on his shoulder. “Oh, the serum.”
Michael could feel her fear. He put himself between Aden and Sam. “I’m still working on it.” 
“Good.” He held out something wrapped in a towel. “Clem is busy with the trap. He asked me to bring this over to you.”
Michael reached out and took it. The package was warm but it was dead. He set it on the counter. “Thanks.”
Aden cleared her throat. “I’m just going to run through a few more things with Michael and I’ll join you at the office.”
Both the radio Aden wore and the one on Sam’s belt crackled to life. Daniel’s voice called for Sam. Sam answered. Daniel was breathing hard. “We got him on the run! I hit him good!”
Michael felt Aden tense. “Sam! What are they doing?”
Sam keyed the radio. “Push him as hard as you can.”
“No!” Aden moved forward away from the bench and the goat began slipping. She advanced on Sam. “They need to get out of there!” She reached for her own radio.
Sam’s face went hard. “Aden! We need to push this Beast so hard that he’ll be desperate. This is the only way we’re going to get it to come down so we can get it in the trap.”
Michael began to tremble. Is this what they would do to him? He fought to breathe.
Aden glanced back at him. He could feel her panic rise. She turned back to Sam and pushed him out of the lab. “You didn’t even ask me about this crazy scheme!” She kept pushing him across the room. “What were you thinking? Now Dan and Joe are at risk!”
Sam looked confused. “They both have assault rifles. It’s a bright sunny day. They have it cornered in the meadow stretch of Cat Creek.”
Michael ignored the goat and moved forward. He could feel Aden’s tension building. She looked back over her shoulder at him. Her eyes went wide. She turned back to Sam. “I’m done with this!” She pulled something off her shirt and pushed it into his hand. “You seem to be back in control and making the calls just fine without me. I’m through. You shoved this job on me after I quit! You want to do things you’re way? Fine! Go ahead!”
Sam had backed all the way to the base of the stairs. Michael could feel the emotions flowing through the man’s body. He began moving across the room toward them. His mouth was salivating. They would feed together!
Sam was focused on Aden. “I should have told you. Aden, I’m sorry.”
Aden glanced back at Michael. Her fear rose. She pushed Sam toward the stairs. “No you’re not! Don’t even talk to me! Call them back! Now!”
Sam turned and fled up the stairs. Michael raced forward but Aden turned and blocked his path. “Michael! What are you doing?”
He stopped at looked at her. What was he doing? He didn’t know anymore.
Her radio crackled as Sam called for Daniel. Aden sighed and turned it down. She was shaking. She covered her face. “What have I done?”
Michael reached out and pulled her into his arms. “I’m sorry. I don’t know what’s going on with me right now. I’m having trouble thinking clearly.” He found her face and bent to kiss her but she leaned back away from him. Her eyes were wide. He was confused. “You’re really hard to read right now.”
“Oh?” She swallowed. “I’d like to kiss you but it smells like dead goat in here.”
Michael grinned. “I think I can fix that.” He went to the work bench and picked up the goat carcass, took it to the back door, and flung it as hard as he could. He brushed off his hands. “That’s better.”
Aden came up next to him and looked out across the backyard. “How did you do that?”
Michael frowned. “I just threw it.” He looked at her. She stared back at him, wide-eyed. He looked back out at the goat and realized how far he’d flung it. “Wow. I shouldn’t be able to do that.”
“I don’t think there are too many star football players who could do that with something much lighter.” She pushed the door closed against the darkening late afternoon sky.
He could feel her trembling. He pulled her into his arms and buried his face in her hair. He drew her scent deep into his lungs. He could never hurt Aden.
She clung to him. “No matter what happens, don’t you dare give up!” She looked up at him. “I love you and I don’t want to lose you.”
He could hear the depth of meaning in her voice. Something broke through the fog in his mind. He had to protect her. He had to give her something to keep her safe. He let her go, ran back to the work bench, and found it. He turned around. “Come here! You have to take this.”
She came slowly forward into the lab. “What is it?”
He handed her the syringe. He started to shake. “If I lose control, you have to inject this into me.” His predator instinct for survival fought back but he pushed it down. He found the note for Clem on the bench. “If you use this, you need to give that note to Clem.”
“Michael? What’s in this?” She stared at it.
“Please, Aden. Promise me. If I can’t control myself.” He could feel the tears escaping from his eyes. “I’d rather die than hurt you.”
She looked up at him. “What? Will this kill you?”
“It should.”
“No! I won’t!”
He came to her so quickly his momentum pushed her into the mesh wall. He was more aware of her than he’d ever been of anything in his existence. The need rose but he fought to control it. “You must.”
Her face was only inches from his. Aden touched his chest. “You have to keep working on the antidote!”
He closed his eyes. “I’ll keep trying.”
* * *

Aden stumbled up the basement stairs. She was overly conscious of what she carried in her hand. She got to the top and struggled with the door. Tears blurred her vision. She shut the door behind her and leaned over on the washing machine, burying her face in her arm. How could she even think of killing him? Did he realize what he was asking her to do?
She looked at the syringe in her other hand. She didn’t want it! She looked up at the shelf above the machines. It was crowded with boxes of laundry soap and dryer sheets. She made a space between a couple and tucked the syringe and its note into it. She hoped she’d never have to pick it up again.
Aden pushed the tears away from her eyes. Her whole world felt like it was unraveling. She hated to yell at Sam like that but she couldn’t let him find out about Michael. And what if Michael would have bitten him?
She pulled away from the washing machine and looked out the window of the back door. The sky was painted in a warm palette of sunset. She had to find Sam and make sure he was okay.
Aden went out the front door. She could hear the people singing some old hymn over at the school. Would that really help? She looked down the street toward the office. Someone was by the front of the building. She was relieved to see Daniel’s truck parked next to the SUV. She started down the road toward the office.
As she got close, she noticed movement in the alley by the fire station. The shadows made it hard to see. “Clem? Is that you?” Aden thought she heard his voice. Was he hurt? She began jogging toward the alley.
She heard Sam call her name. She glanced over her shoulder in his direction. “I think Clem is hurt.”
Something foul smelling surrounded her. Aden dropped out of the grasp without thinking about it. She twisted as she fell and rolled to her feet. Duval snarled at her.
Aden gasped and started to run. She could feel Duval’s hand grab her arm and pull her around. She instinctively kicked out. Duval howled and his grasp loosened. Aden pulled free, stumbled, and fell.
Duval was on her. She could feel his hot breath on her neck and smell his filthy body. She curled into a protective ball. His hand grabbed her neck and fingers tightened around her throat. She tried to twist away. Duval’s weight pinned her to the ground. There was a loud thud. Duval screamed. He let her go and the weight was gone. A gunshot split the air around her. She covered her head.
Fingers touched her face. “Aden? Can you hear me?” Sam’s voice reached past her terror.
Aden struggled to breathe. She opened her eyes and scanned the area, looking for her attacker.
Duval was several paces away, on his back, clutching his chest. She could see him withering and hear his whimpers of pain.
Sam was shouting to everyone at once. He was yelling for Daniel to grab the assault rifle and calling for Clem.
Aden watched Duval roll. His wound was almost healed. He had a crazed look on his face. He’d been hurt. He needed food! She grabbed Sam’s arm. “Shoot him!”
Sam looked toward Duval and swore. He brought up his rifle and fired. 
Duval tried to dodge. The bullet hit him in the shoulder. He howled and rotated, ready to pounce.
Sam shot him again. “I’m going to keep pouring lead into you until the weight sinks your black soul back down to hell where it belongs!” He emptied his chamber.
Duval jerked with each hit. White pus oozed out of the holes. He rolled farther from them and finally disappeared into the shadows.
Daniel ran to Sam’s side and flooded the alleyway with the light of the torch stuck to the assault rifle. “He’s gone.” He started advancing.
“Dan! Let him go. Out in the darkness, he’s got the advantage.” He looked toward the office. “Joe! Let’s get this place lit up as much as we can. I want every light in town on, even in the empty buildings.”
Clem came running up. “How’s Aden?”
Sam looked down at her. “Can you hear me, Kiddo?”
Aden struggled to uncurl. Her body shook so hard she could hardly breathe. She could still smell the stench of Duval’s touch. Her stomach wanted to heave. She reached toward Sam.
He helped her sit and pulled her close. “It’s okay. I’ve got you. You’re safe.”
Clem put a hand on Aden’s shoulder. “Can you talk?”
“I think so.”
“That’s a good start.” He whistled to Daniel. “Bring that light over here, Danny Boy.”
Daniel pulled the torch off the rifle barrel and held it over Aden. “You okay, Dad?”
Sam readjusted his hold on Aden so Clem could do a better assessment. “I’m all right. Why don’t you run over and get Doc?”
Aden tensed. “No.” What could she say? “I don’t want him to worry about me. He doesn’t need any more distractions.”
Clem frowned but didn’t say anything. He felt around her neck. “Any pain?”
Aden twisted her head around. “Nothing a hot shower won’t mend.”
Clem chuckled. “Just like your old man.” He looked at Sam. “She’s clear. You can let her up.”
Daniel extended his hand and pulled her to her feet. They both helped Sam to stand. Clem got up on his own.
Joseph came back from the direction of the school. “I’ve got several teams organized. Everyone is going through the older houses, checking breakers and turning on any lights still left in the place.”
Sam pointed toward the office. “Dan, pull the spotlights from storage. Light up any dark corners. I don’t want to give the Beast another chance here in town.” He looked at Clem. “Not until the trap is ready.”
Clem looked at Joseph. “Come over to my place. I’ve got a few extra lights tucked away.”
Aden watched them disappear in different directions. She was left standing alone with Sam. She felt uncomfortable. “I’m sorry about earlier.”
Sam looked down. “I deserved it.”
She noticed he’d pinned the badge back on his jacket. She reached out and patted the piece of metal. “You do deserve it. More than I do. I never really wanted it in the first place.”
Sam grabbed her hand and wrapped his fingers around hers. “Please don’t give up on me.” His whisper made her shiver.
She closed her eyes. “All right.” She looked at him. “But I’m here as a consultant from now on. I’m done being a deputy. I’ll help you in any way that I can but you’ve got to listen to my suggestions.”
“Fair enough.” He let go of her fingers. “Why don’t you grab a gun from the office. I’d feel better if you were armed.”
She could hardly argue with that logic. She followed him inside. The room felt stale. She stumbled and grabbed the side of a desk for support. She leaned on it and struggled to breathe. She could still smell the stench of Duval. It clung to her.
Sam opened the gun locker and pulled out a rifle. He checked the chamber and picked up a box of ammunition. “This was one of your dad’s favorites.” He sighed and closed the cabinet. Sam turned around and paused. “Aden?”
She took a deeper breath but it didn’t really help. She needed to get outside in the clean air. She turned and her hand brushed against something. It was the white box. She picked it up and could hear the pieces inside shifting against each other. “I should take this to the house.”
Sam came forward and set the gun in the standing rack. “Are you sure you’re okay? I can call Clem?”
She pushed away from the desk, tucked the box under her arm, and grabbed the gun. “I’ll be all right.”
He held the box of ammunition out. “I’m worried. I don’t want to lose you.”
She took the box but didn’t look up at him. She desperately needed to get outside. She turned toward the door.
Sam followed her out. “Please be careful.”
Aden looked at her house. “I should go turn on some lights.” 
“Me, too.” They walked up the street together until they came to Sam’s driveway. He paused. “Aden?”
She looked back at him.
His face looked mottled in the splotchy light of the dangling bulbs that spanned the street. “I really do need your help. Don’t ever doubt that.”
She didn’t trust herself to speak. She nodded and ran the rest of the way to her own front porch.
She went inside and leaned her back against the closed door. Her body shook. She leaned the gun against the wall and put the ammunition and the box of pieces on the dining room table. She was still struggling to breathe. She leaned over a chair and drew in deeply. She had to focus.
Aden turned on every light she could on the main floor and upstairs. She even flipped on the big flood lights that shown across the backyard. She went into the laundry room and flipped on the back porch lights. It sounded quiet in the basement. She fought down her fear and crept down the stairs.
Aden paused at the bottom and looked around the corner. Michael was leaning over one of the containment cages he’d set up for the rabbits. “It’s all right, Aden. You can come in.” His voice sounded clinical. 
She walked across the basement and into the lab. “What are you doing?”
“I need to know how the virus reacts in the body. That’s what the rabbits are for. I’m going to infect one.”
Aden backed away from the box. “Oh great, vampire bunnies. That’s going to give me some serious nightmares.”
Michael injected the first rabbit. Even before he’d finished pulling the needle out, it went berserk. He yanked his hand back and slammed the lid closed. The rabbit went into convulsions.
Aden watched the violent reaction. “Michael, why is it doing that?”
He leaned on the box. “I haven’t a clue. It shouldn’t have reacted that fast.” He continued watching the rabbit kick and scream. “Wow. I never knew rabbits made any noise.”
Aden backed up all the way to the door of the packing room. “That’s just wrong.”
He turned to look at her. Aden was startled by the look on his face. What was he thinking? What if he tried to bite her?
Aden swallowed hard. “You didn’t do that. Why is the rabbit doing that?”
He looked back at the rabbit. It had finally stopped thrashing. “It’s still breathing and its heart is beating. It’s not dead.” He moved toward the front glass of the containment unit. The rabbit lurched out and hit the thick glass with a loud thump. Michael jumped back. The rabbit screamed and ran around in the small enclosure until it finally stopped with its head on one corner.
Aden got her breathing under control. “That definitely goes into the OMG category.”
Michael was breathing hard. “Add a couple exclamation points while you’re at it.”
The rabbit sat shivering in the corner, as if hiding from them. It reminded Aden of the effect a flashlight beam had on Duval. “The light.”
He pulled off his lab coat and covered the box. The rabbit calmed noticeably. He looked at her. “Well, I have something to test the serum on.” His voice was shaking.
Aden studied his face. “Do you have a serum?”
“Not yet.” He went to the bench and got a clean syringe. “Now let’s see what it looks like at a cellular level.” He went to a different box and drew a blood sample from the rabbit it contained. Then he took another syringe and headed for the box with the infected animal.
Aden realized what he was going to do. “Michael! Be careful!”
Michael opened a small section on the side and set the syringe on a shelf. Then he put his hands into the gloves of the box and retrieved the syringe. The rabbit started racing around the box. “Shine some light on the rabbit so it goes back in the corner.”
Aden pulled the flashlight from her belt and pointed it in the case. The rabbit slammed its head into the far corner.
Michael stuck it with the syringe and managed to get some blood before it went insane again. Not even the light would stop it this time. Michael put the syringe back on the shelf in the box and pulled out his hands. They were shaking.
Aden hugged him. “Did it bite you?”
“No.” He pulled free and stared at her. “You smell strange.”
Aden gasped. If she could still smell Duval on her clothes, he certainly could. He was looking at her. She watched his eyes track up and down her body. “It’s nothing. I fell.”
He backed up a step. The look on his face was uncertain. He turned away from her and retrieved the syringe from the box. “You’re going to have to be more careful. You shouldn’t grab me like that.” His voice was trembling. “I’m having trouble controlling myself.”
Aden backed away. “Do you want me to get you another goat?”
She saw his back tense. “Don’t you think Sam might wonder where the bait for his trap was going?” His tone sounded strange.
“He doesn’t actually know how many I brought back.”
Michael sighed. “Maybe in the morning.” He started setting up the slides. “You should probably get some sleep. I’ve got to keep working on this.”
Aden stepped out of the packing room. She felt the wetness on her face and brushed aside the tears. She went up the basement stairs, closed the door, and leaned on it. The sobs escaped. What was happening to him? Would he end up like Duval? She looked at the laundry room shelf. The fear of what she’d hidden there drove her out of the small room.
She went upstairs and paused at the office door. She saw the satchel sitting on the desk. Part of her wanted to dig through the files on the off chance that David had found something without realizing it. The memory of the last time she’d been in this room came back to her. She bit her lip. Would she ever be able to touch him again?
Aden turned away and went to the bedroom. She tried not to look at anything. She slumped down on the bed and curled around a pillow. The tears came and she cried herself to sleep.
Aden struggled to breathe. She could feel the hands reaching for her. Hot breath whispered on the back of her neck. She saw the teeth extending forward toward her shoulder. She twisted and saw his face. She screamed. “Michael! No!” She struggled against his grip. It tightened.
Aden sat upright on the bed and almost fell over the edge. She was wrapped in the sheet. She pulled in deep lungfuls of air. Her body trembled. She forced her arms out of the constraint and buried her face in her hands. Even her dreams were driving her insane.
She looked at the rest of the bed. It didn’t look like he had used it. She got up, showered quickly, and dressed. Aden moved silently through the house. The basement sounded quiet. She tip-toed down the stairs.
Something slammed before she got to the bottom. “Aden! Stop!” Michael’s voice was frantic. “Don’t come down.”
The door at the bottom of the stairs was closed. She paused and listened. She could hear him gasping on the other side. “Hang on, Michael. I’ll get you another goat!”
Aden swallowed hard and ran back up the steps. She slipped into her boots and went out the laundry room door. Dew still sparkled on the deck. She ran to the end by the garage and vaulted over the railing. She found the brick stairs overgrown by weeds. Her father must not have used them anymore. She ran past the tree where a few old rotten boards still dangled from the branches.
She kept to the backside of the houses as she had the day before. How many times had she and Cindy used this path as children? She pushed the memories out of her mind. She came around the backside of the post office and looked down the road toward the café. There were a few trucks parked in the lot but she didn’t see any people outside.
Aden hurried across the road and found the path on the other side. She came around the back of the café and stopped. She could hear someone in the woodshed. Had Daniel come out for more wood? She leaned against a fallen tree and held her breath.
There was a strange rattling sound. “Come on you little bleaters. Eat up. It’s the best I could do for you on short notice.” Cindy’s voice sounded sad. She sniffed. “It’s so mean of them. To think Dad wants to feed you to some horrible monster.”
Aden turned around and sank down with her back against the log. Her eyes burned. She chewed on a finger to keep from crying. Cindy had always had a soft spot for animals. She’d hated butchering time in the fall.
Aden heard the woodshed door close. She carefully twisted and looked over the top of the log. Cindy was headed back toward the main building with an old coffee can in her hand. Aden waited until Cindy had disappeared inside.
She crawled over the log and crept to the woodshed. The three goats were munching on dry oatmeal. “I’m sorry, critters. It looks like another one of you gets to go early.” She reached in and grabbed the closest one then shut and latched the door.
Aden carried the goat back across the road and down the old path behind the buildings. She came up the backside of the yard and paused by the basement door. The goat was getting heavy and starting to squirm. She trapped it against the wall and reached over to knock.
“It’s open.”
Michael’s voice startled her and she almost dropped the goat. She caught her breath and opened the door. The room looked dark. She carried the goat inside and shut the door behind her. She couldn’t see anything. He’d covered the windows. “Michael?” She reached for the light switch but a hand grabbed her. She gasped.
“I’m sorry. The light hurts my eyes.” His voice sounded hollow. “I’ll take that.” He pulled the goat out of her hands.
She heard him bite into the animal. The sound terrified her as he drained it. She cowered against the door. She listened as his breathing slowed. Her eyes began to adjust to the darkness. The only light came from the computer monitor in the lab. She could just make out his silhouette. “Are you better?”
“I am.” The quality of his voice had changed. He dropped the body of the goat at her feet. He leaned his shoulder against the wall next to her. “I can smell your fear.”
She trembled. “I’m afraid of what you’re becoming.”
He sighed and turned away. “I know.” He walked back into the lab. “You’ve got to keep Clem away. It’s hard enough for me to control myself with you.”
Aden wrapped her arms around her shoulders and tried not to think about her dream. “Clem’s going to be busy. Sam has him working on the trap for Duval.”
“Is it for Duval?” The tone of his voice was cool.
Was he afraid it was for him? “It’s Sam’s big plan. He wants to hold Duval to give you time to come up with a serum. Remember?”
She could see him rub his forehead in the dim light from the monitor. “That’s right.” He leaned on the counter and stared at the screen. “I think I’ve found the key to the serum.”
“You have?” Aden stumbled forward across the dark basement. She stopped in the door of the lab. “Then there’s hope.”
He turned away from the monitor and came toward her. His face was in shadow. “I haven’t given up.” He touched her face then drew back quickly. He started breathing hard. “You should go.”
Aden didn’t argue. She picked up the dead goat and slipped out the basement door. She looked down at the carcass in her arms. It hardly weighed anything. She shoved it under the brambles in the backyard and went back in the house. She washed her hands in the kitchen sink. She turned to dry them on the towel hanging from the refrigerator handle.
The notepad on the door caught her eye. It was her father’s tight handwriting. It was dated the day he died. It was a reminder to call her that night. Aden rested her forehead on the fridge and cried. She grabbed at the pad, intending to rip only the top page off. The whole pad tore loose from the magnetic backing.
Aden succeeded in removing the top sheet. She threw the pad at the dining room table and marched into the living room, tossing the wadded up piece into the fireplace. The pictures on the mantle stared back at her. She couldn’t stand it.
Aden grabbed her coat and ran out of the house. She stopped on the front porch. A dusty caravan of trucks pulling stock trailers proceeded down the valley road and through the town. They disappeared around the corner by the café and the rumble faded away. The dust settled.
Aden went down the street. There weren’t many people around. She saw a familiar form headed across the street from the café to the office. She picked up her pace to intersect him. “Good morning, sir.”
Ian smiled at her. “Good morning, youngling.” He chuckled. “I see you’ve turned in your badge.”
“I’m more than happy to hand it back to Sam.” She pointed down the road. “What was all that about?”
“The stock owners made a decision last night to move what they had left down to a section of land that Clark’s brother owns. They felt it would be less expensive than to keep losing stock.” His voice was quiet.
Aden sighed. “At this point, it was probably a good idea. The less options Duval has, the more likely Sam’s trap will work.”
“Do you think it will work?”
She shrugged. “I guess it’s worth a try. What bothers me most is that Sam has this idea that Duval is a dumb animal. I don’t think that’s the case. He’s driven by the virus to feed. The more damage we do him, the worse it is.” She looked around the town. “Where is everyone else?”
Ian pointed toward the school. “Those that aren’t in the office with Sam are up at the school with Ben. He’s praying for the salvation of Sweetvale.”
Just by his tone she had the feeling that he was as skeptical of that method as she was. “If they think it will help, by all means. Pray away.” She turned to the office door.
Ian held it open for her. “After you.”
Aden found the office packed with men. Each carried some kind of gun, either a shotgun or a rifle. They were crowded around the center of the room where Sam was standing on a chair. He was currently addressing someone on the far side of the room so his back was to her.
Joseph was leaning on the edge of Sam’s desk, just outside the circle of men. She moved to join him and he slid over a little to make space for her. He leaned close. “Welcome to the party.”
Aden shuddered. This made her nervous. “How much did I miss?”
“Not too much. Most of the men just got here a short time ago. They were up helping get stock loaded.”
“I saw the trailers head out. At least they won’t lose any more. How many did he take last night?”
Joseph shrugged. “That depends on who you ask. From what I can tell, Maybe one cow, a horse, and a couple of Kyle Willard’s sheep.”
That sounded about right based on the damage they’d done to him the night before.
Sam stood up and addressed the assembly. “We’re using everything we’ve learned about this thing’s behavior from past attacks. Clem assures me he’ll have the trap ready to go by this afternoon. Our primary concern is going to be protecting everyone at the school so most of you will be stationed up there. I’m going to have at least two of you at every exit. You’ll each have a spotlight as well as plenty of ammunition.”
One of the men raised his gun. “What if he comes through the windows?”
Sam put up his hand to quiet the rumble of added questions. “All the windows have been blocked by heavy furniture. Everyone else will be in the gym, which doesn’t have windows on the ground floor. We’re going to make sure the Beast has a nice clear blood scent to follow right into the trap.”
Another man raised his gun. “What if he doesn’t come?”
Sam smiled coldly. “Oh, he’ll come. We’ll make sure of it.”
Aden’s mouth went dry. She looked over at Joseph. “You’re not going out after him again?”
Joseph didn’t say anything. His expression was grim and focused on Daniel across the room. Aden could see the eager anticipation on Daniel’s face. The tingle curled around her spine and spread its icy fingers through her gut.
Sam answered a few more individual questions about placement and hushed the group. “Annie and a few helpers have been cooking all morning. Thanks to Russ, we have a fine feed waiting for all of you. Tables should be ready over at the school. Get plenty to eat and grab a nap. This could be a late night.”
The crowd went out the door, many of them patting Russ on the back as they went. Ian nodded to her before following the last of them out.
Daniel helped Sam down from the chair. He had a broad grin on his face. “That went well.”
Sam looked tired. He glanced at her and walked over. “I can tell by your expression that you don’t agree.”
Aden pointed at the badge on his shirt. ‘This is your show, not mine.”
Sam looked down. “I’m just trying to do what I can to keep the people of the town safe.” He looked up at Joseph. “Am I so far off?”
Joseph sighed and looked at Aden. “I hate to say it, but I agree with Sam on this one. We’ve seen just how much this thing can take. It has to be controlled.”
She knew he was right. It just bothered her. She noticed he had gone back to calling Duval a thing. “I just hope this works.”
Sam sat on the edge of the other desk. “How’s Doc doing this morning?”
Aden closed her eyes. She was terrified. “I don’t think he slept at all last night. He thinks he may be close to a working serum. Clem brought him some rabbits to test it on.”
Sam smiled. “That’s good news. Hopefully by tomorrow, he’ll have the real deal.” He looked over at Daniel. “Shall we go see how our cage builder is coming along?”
“After you.” Daniel looked at Aden. “Want to join us?”
“No thanks.”
Joseph looked at her. “I didn’t see you come to dinner last night. Have you eaten?”
She shook her head and moved toward the computer. “My stomach hasn’t been up to food. You go ahead. I have to get that report in to Portland today.”
Joseph put a hand on her arm. “I’ll bring you something.” He followed Sam and Daniel out the door.
Aden sat down and forced her shaking fingers to type. She managed to pull a reasonable report together and attached the photos from her phone. She pressed the send button as Joseph returned.
He handed her a basket. “Annie said I should make sure you ate. She asked about Michael. Has he eaten anything?”
Aden almost dropped the basket. “I think Clem brought him something earlier. I noticed some leftovers on the counter in the lab.”
Joseph sighed. “This stress must be hard on your relationship.”
“You have no idea.” Aden pulled back the towel and released the smell of warm bread and soup. Her stomach grumbled. She couldn’t remember when she’d eaten last. She pulled out the rolled up silverware and found a spoon.
Joseph sat in one of the plastic chairs by the front window. He picked up the vase of flowers. They drooped over the sides. “These should have been watered.”
Aden shook her head. “It wouldn’t have mattered. They were dead already. They just didn’t know it.”
The radio crackled. Aden and Joseph both turned their portables down so they could hear the base station on the desk. Sam called for Aden. She got up and grabbed the mic. “Go ahead Sam.”
“Clem wants you to stop by the garage and have a look.”
A knot formed in her throat. Had Clem gone over to see Michael? She hoped not. She acknowledged and signed off. She picked up the basket.
Joseph held out his hand. “I’ll take care of it. You go ahead.”
“Thanks, Joe.” She went toward the door. Daniel opened it for her. She noticed he was looking at Joseph. She grabbed Daniel’s arm. “Please don’t take any chances.”
He grinned at her. “Don’t worry. We’ll be careful.”
Aden couldn’t handle the look on his face. She pushed passed him and hurried across the street. The sun was blocked by clouds. She looked to the west. The tingle pulled tighter. The clouds were thick. There was another storm on the way.
Clem was just rolling a couple of large tanks strapped to a dolly back into the garage. “Go have a look at my art work. It might even win a prize at the fair.”
“Under what category?”
He frowned. “Hadn’t thought about that.”
He disappeared inside and Aden walked around the side of the building. Sam was inspecting the mechanism that would spring the trap closed. He waved to her. “Come check this out. Clem is a real genius!”
Aden looked at the strange thick metal bars that made up the cage. “What is this stuff?”
Sam chuckled. “Cow collars from an old barn that Russ overhauled.” Sam grabbed one of the thick metal posts. His fingers just touched. He pushed and pulled on it. “This will hold him.”
Aden wasn’t so sure. “You didn’t see what he did to the door of my rig.”
Clem joined them. “I did. That’s fixed by the way. I’m going to have Jimmy drive it back over to the office lot. He’s been begging.”
Aden pulled out her keys and handed them to Clem. “He’s more than welcome to.” She looked over the cage. “Sam, what makes you think Duval will really go in this thing?”
Sam stepped out. “Because that’s where the food is going to be. The minute he grabs the first goat, down comes the door and the spring levers lock it in place.”
Aden turned as Daniel’s truck took off from the café lot. She could see Joseph riding in the passenger side. She turned back to Sam. “So you’re going to repeat yesterday’s little nightmare?”
Sam frowned. “Joe and Dan have gotten good at finding him. They put enough holes in him to make him hungry and then get out of there. We’re going to have everyone locked down well before dark. By the time he comes to town, it will be him and the goats. I’m going to cut one up a little, just to make it enticing.”
She didn’t want to hear anymore. Aden turned away. Sam called to her but she ignored him. Clem met her at the corner of the building. “How’s Doc doing today? I was going to head over there and check on him.”
Aden tried not to panic. “I checked on him earlier. He asked me not to disturb him. He’s really focused on finding the serum.”
Clem frowned. “He needs to eat.”
“I took him breakfast.”
Sam caught up with her. “Aden. You should take a gun with you. We’re not going to have the lights on tonight.”
She looked up at the clouds racing across the sky. “It’s going to be a bad night.” She glanced at Sam. “I’ve got the rifle at the house.”
Jimmy jogged back from across the street and tossed her the keys. “Wow! You should see the fine job Clem did on your rig. You’d never even know it had happened.”
Clem grinned. “And I reinforced it, too. He won’t be denting that door again.”
She put a hand on his shoulder. “Let’s hope we don’t have to test that.” She went across the street to the office. She wanted to see if there was a response from the report.
The radio crackled. Daniel called to Sam. They had him on the run.
Aden struggled to control her shaking hands as she logged into the computer. The office smelled stale. She found the acknowledgement from Captain Reynolds and printed out the protocol sheet he’d attached. She couldn't stand it anymore. She had to get out of the room.
Aden went outside and looked around the town. Annie was hurrying people along toward the school. Aden stepped off the porch and walked up the street beside Beth. She was clutching her baby tight. She turned and looked at Aden. “We’ll be safe in the school, won’t we?”
“Count on it.” Aden stopped by the sidewalk that led toward the school. “You go get comfortable. Don’t worry. You’ll be safe.”
Annie paused next to Aden. “Are you okay? You look pale.”
Aden hugged Annie. “I just need to go check on Michael.”
Her radio crackled as Sam called to Daniel. “I’ve the goats tied down. Get back here now.” Daniel acknowledged and signed off.
Aden looked down the street. “Is this everyone?”
Annie nodded. “Cindy brought the first group up with the food. I just made sure that all the cabins were empty. This was the last of them.”
Aden looked to the west up the valley road. The wind whipped at her face, sending a loose strand of hair across her vision. She pushed it back behind an ear. She gave Annie a final hug and went to the house.
She picked up the rifle and laid it on the dining room table. Aden went toward the basement door. What was she going to find? She slowly crept down the stairs and peered into the darkness. She could hear him working in the lab. All she could see was the dim light of the computer monitor. “Michael? How are you?”
She could hear him breathing. It sounded too fast. “I’m just loading a syringe.” His voice was shaking. She heard the rabbit go crazy in the box. Michael swore. “Do you have your flashlight?”
“I do.” She came forward through the open part of the basement. Michael had pushed all the wooden crates away and stacked them by the windows. She could see him in the dim light as he stood next to the containment cage. “I’m turning it on.” She flipped the switch.
Michael squinted at her. “Shine it at the rabbit so it goes to the corner.”
She came forward and shone the light in the cage. The rabbit screamed and dove for the corner, scratching at the metal, trying to get away from the beam.
Michael stuck the rabbit with the needle and pulled his hands away quickly.
The rabbit arched and flipped to its side, kicking out with its feet. The entire cage unit rocked. It caught its own stomach with a back foot and ripped it open. White goo oozed from it. Aden gasped. “That’s another one for the OMG category.”
Michael sighed and backed away. “It’s still not right.” He ripped off his gloves and covered his face with his hands.
Aden could see that he was shaking. She pointed the light away but kept it on. “What happened?”
He didn’t look at her. “That’s the second one. I thought I had it this time. I’ve been using the proteins from Jack’s notebook. I think they’re the serum. I was able to get a better response from just a blood sample. I must still have something out of proportion. But I have to be close.” His whispery voice trailed off.
She focused the light back in the cage. The rabbit wasn’t moving. It lay in a puddle of white foam. “Was the other one this bad?”
“Worse.” He went to the bench and leaned on it. He groaned. “It’s not safe for you to be here.”
“I can’t even bring you another goat right now. Sam has the last two tied in the cage.” She struggled to breathe. “I can drive out to Henry’s tomorrow and get you another one.”
“It will be too late.” He turned to her. 
She saw the pinkish tinge to his eyes and gasped. “Michael!”
“I know.” He gripped the edge of the workbench. “Do you still have that syringe?”
She backed out of the lab. “I can’t!”
“You may have to.” Michael put something down on the counter. “George’s number is in my phone.” She could hear him choking on his words. “If I die, you have to call him. Tell him everything. He may be your last chance.” He gasped and clutched at the edge. “All my notes are here.” His voice was weak.
Her eyes burned. “Michael, please don’t give up!”
He dropped to his knees. “I don’t know how much longer I can control this. You have to get out!”
“Promise me you’ll keep trying!”
He shook so hard everything on the bench rattled. He groaned. “I have one more rabbit.” His whispery voice was strained.
She turned and fled up the stairs. She could hear him struggling to pull himself up. What if he couldn’t do it? She didn’t stop in the laundry room. She didn’t want to think about what was on the shelf.
Aden went out the front door. She propped the gun against the wall and planted her hands on the porch railing. She drew in big deep breaths. Her hands trembled. How much time did he have left? She looked up and saw Daniel walking down the road toward the school. At least they were back safe.
He waved to her. Aden looked around. The sky was cloaked in the heavy early twilight. She moved across the street and followed him toward the school.
Daniel climbed the steps and swung his legs over the front railing of the school porch.
Aden gasped. “Daniel, be careful. That wood is ancient.”
He kept his voice hushed. “Do you remember all the times Mr. Kern used to yell at us for sitting up here?”
Aden slowly climbed the steps. She’d never expected to do that again. Daniel patted the railing beside him. Aden advanced but only leaned on it.
Daniel chuckled. “You can sit up here now. No one’s going to yell at us about it.”
Aden tapped on the wood. “That’s not what I’m worried about.”
Daniel swung his feet and looked down the street in both directions. “It’s been a long time, hasn’t it?”
The wind started picking up. Aden shivered. “I am not looking forward to another storm.”
“You never did care much for those, did you?”
Aden closed her eyes. “No.”
Daniel swung down off the railing and quietly landed beside her. “Do you remember when we got stuck up at the old Sawyer place?”
Aden shuddered. She hadn’t ever wanted to remember that again. The lightening had hit a tree so close, she was certain they were going to die. Daniel had held her during the storm. She felt his arms around her and tensed. “No. Don’t.” She tried to push away.
Daniel held her tight and pulled her head down to his shoulder. “I’m not going to hurt you.” He kissed her forehead. “I could never do anything to hurt you.”
She heard the tremor in his voice. She strove to get control of her own emotions. “Daniel, I’m sorry I could never be what you wanted me to be.” She pulled her head up. She didn’t want to hurt him either. “I knew the way Cindy felt about you. She was my best friend.”
Daniel looked down. “And what was I?”
Aden searched for the right words. “You were the boy who moved in next door when I was in second grade that my best friend used to stare at from my bedroom window.”
He looked up. “Really?”
She nodded. “I could never have done anything to hurt Cindy. She was like a sister to me. I could tell the way she felt about you so I never let myself feel that way.”
His face scrunched up. Aden was worried she’d made him cry. He took a shaky breath. “I was always afraid it had something to do with my mom leaving.” He turned away.
Aden could feel him shaking. She closed her eyes and hugged him. “Daniel, you’ve got to let go of that.”
He pulled her close and held her. She could hear him struggling to breathe. He finally managed to swallow. “I still have it somewhere.”
Aden tried to think of what it might be but she couldn’t. She bit her lip. “You do?”
He pulled her tighter and buried his face in her hair. “I’m so sorry I lied to you and told you that I’d thrown it into the river.”
She couldn’t remember all the events anymore and it bothered her. It had obviously been important to him. “That was a long time ago.”
She felt him nod. “But you had no way of knowing it was her favorite flower.”
It sparked a memory and Aden flinched. He was talking about the necklace. She pushed her forehead into his chest. “It was a dumb gift, anyway.”
Daniel reached under her chin and pulled up her face. She could see the tears in his eyes. He looked down at her for a moment. “No it wasn’t.” His voice was soft. “It just took me awhile to understand what it meant. Thorns and all.”
Aden trembled. She turned away, afraid of what he might do. The movement across the street caught her eye. She gasped.
Daniel tensed and let her go. “What is it?”
Aden put her hand up to silence him and tried to sort out the shadows. She held her breath, trying to decide if she’d really seen something. “I need to get back to the house.”
She didn’t wait for Daniel’s response. She went down the steps and crouched at the bottom. Nothing seemed to move. 
She heard Daniel push the bolt home on his rifle. “Something’s moving over there.”
Her body froze. What if it was Michael? He’d been so desperate. Aden looked up at Daniel and dropped her voice. “I’m going to check it out. Please don’t shoot me.”
His face was serious. “Just watch yourself, okay?”
She stayed low and slowly made her way across the patch-quilted pavement.
In the middle of the street, she felt her phone buzz. It surprised her. She’d forgotten it was in her pocket. Fortunately, it was on vibrate. She pulled it out enough to see the display. Sarah’s name and number appeared. “Oh, for Pete’s sake!” She flipped open the phone and didn’t even give Sarah a chance to say hello. “I can’t talk right now. I’ll call you back later. Bye.”
She hit the end button and slipped the phone back in her pocket.
Aden continued moving across the street. She heard a shout from inside the house. Her blood ran cold. Aden was almost to the front porch when she heard the sound of breaking glass. It was coming from the basement. Michael!
Aden grabbed the radio from her belt as she took the front steps two at a time. She called for Sam. “Duval is after Michael!”
The radio crackled. “We’re on the way!”
Daniel yelled from across the street. “I’m right behind you!”
Aden stuffed the radio in her coat pocket and grabbed her rifle. She yanked open the front door and rushed inside.
* * *

Michael stood staring at the broken glass of the containment box. The shattered fragments pierced the dead body of the rabbit, blood oozing up around them. Why wasn’t this working? He leaned back against the mesh wall and stared up at the floor joists above.
He felt her enter the house, even before he heard her footsteps. The smell of her fear was overpowering. He closed his eyes and tried to control himself. She ran down the basement stairs and rounded the corner.
“Michael! Are you okay?”
He could feel himself loosing his grip. He clenched his jaw. This was Aden! He couldn’t hurt her! He gripped the mesh with his fingers to keep his body from moving.
She stopped in the doorway of the packing room. “Where are you?”
He could see the glow from the heat of her body in the dark room. He’d even had to turn the display screen of the computer down to the lowest setting. His eyes couldn’t take it anymore.
He saw her outlined by her radiant energy. He could feel her warmth and smell the metallic sweetness that flowed below her thin pale skin. The craving grew unbearable. His body trembled and the mesh shook with him.
Aden pulled the flashlight from her belt and shown it in his direction.
Michael cried out and threw up his arms to shield his eyes.
Aden swore and flipped off the light. “Michael!” She found him. Her fingers played across his face.
The shock of her touch was like a bolt of lightening. His control snapped. He had her in his arms before she could take a breath. Her hot blood radiated in lines all across the surface of her skin. He felt her struggling. The predator in him wanted her for food but there was a stronger calling that held him back.
Aden twisted in his arms. “Michael? Are you still you?”
He pulled together the last reserves and forced his arms to open and release her. “You’ve got to get back.” He didn’t know how much longer he could stand it with her so close. He glanced over at the bench and the second needle of serum caught his attention. It had killed the rabbit.
“Michael, what happened?”
He reached for the syringe and grabbed it. The predator instinct fought back. “Aden, please! Get out, now!” He felt his resolve failing. Before he could lose the last of his mind, he jabbed the needle into his own gut.
The pain was intense. He heard himself scream but he lost all control of his body. He fell forward on his knees and crashed into the stool. The floor came up to meet his face. His muscles jerked and his internal organs felt like they were exploding.
Through the haze of pain, he saw the back door implode. Duval snarled and advanced into the room. Aden screamed. She pointed her flashlight in Duval’s face. He danced around her.
Michael withered in agony but his mind seared with anger. There was a competitor in the room. He tried to fight against the affects of the serum but it tore threw him. He could feel Duval’s confusion. Every cell of his body wanted to get up and attack the intruder but his body was on fire.
Duval howled a challenge and jumped toward him. Aden yelled and smacked him with the butt of her rifle. Duval snarled at her and knocked the flashlight to the floor.
She backed into the other side of the mesh wall. “Michael, can you hear me?”
Waves of searing pain stretched from the injection site to the tips of his extremities. He knew at that moment he was dying. He couldn’t stand the thought that Duval might hurt Aden. He clawed at his own gut, trying to rip the chemicals out of his body. The needle went flying and shattered against the far wall.
Duval reverberated with confusion. Michael struggled but couldn’t rise. Duval ignored him and refocused his attention on Aden.
As Duval turned to her, Aden fired. The sound echoed through the room. A piece of Duval’s side exploded. Pain rippled through Michael’s body. He could smell the droplets of blood in the air. It drove him to madness. He roared and squirmed. The pain increased as he tried to move. He could feel the cells of his body beginning to breakdown. The small fraction of his mind that still remained intact analyzed the events with clinical displacement.
Duval clutched his side as the flesh rebuilt its structure. He leapt before Aden could move. His fingers clutched her coat. Aden turned and pulled out of it. Duval snarled and tossed it aside. She tried to swing around for another shot but Duval grabbed the gun and pushed her down. 
Michael had lost all control of his body. All he could do was watch as Duval ripped into the soft skin at Aden’s neck. In the last fleeting moments of his consciousness, he struggled to fight against the claws of death that reached for him. Aden needed him. He could see the life being sucked out of her.
The room was suddenly flooded with light. Another gunshot echoed through the room and Duval’s body was thrown clear. Blood flew from a gaping wound in his back. His hold on Aden had been broken. Duval turned to confront his attacker, struggling to see in the dazzling light.
Michael could just make out the form of Daniel standing at the foot of the basement stairs. He could see the heat from the discharged rifle. Daniel started moving forward. “Aden!”
Duval howled and leapt toward Daniel. The gun rang out again. It hardly slowed Duval down. Daniel jumped aside and rolled.
Michael tried to call out to Aden. He could see that her heart was still beating and she still breathed but each gasp was a struggle.
 Daniel’s rifle took another piece out of Duval. The crazed man screamed. He rushed forward, grabbed Daniel by the shoulders, and flung him into the wall. Daniel slumped, dazed by the blow.
Michael could feel Duval’s need to feed. Duval sprang toward Daniel’s limp form.
A much louder noise echoed in the room and Duval flipped in midair. He landed with a wet thud only feet from where Michael lay.
Sam came into view. He dropped on one knee next to Daniel. “Son, can you hear me?”
Daniel moved. His breathing was labored. “Dad? Aden. She’s hurt.”
Aden began struggling on the floor. Her body shook with convulsions. She moaned. Michael could feel her pain. It echoed through his soul. He tried desperately to move in her direction but his body refused. His lungs were collapsing and he could hear his heartbeat slowing. He knew now what Joseph had been trying to explain to him. The energy of his body was leaving. His soul was being peeled from his loom.
Aden lurched, groaned, and rolled over. The gash on her shoulder had healed. Michael felt Duval’s panic. Duval twisted and managed to crawl out the back door. Aden pulled herself up and raced after him.
Daniel tried to rise. “Aden! Wait!” He fell back against the wall groaning. 
Sam stared in surprise. “What is she thinking? She doesn’t even have a gun!”
More footsteps echoed in the stairwell. Joseph came charging in, gun ready. Sam jumped up and grabbed Joseph’s arm. “Go get Clem!”
Sam looked around the room. He gasped and rushed over. “Doc? Can you hear me?”
Michael could no longer feel his body. It seemed to lay still while he floated just above it. He wanted to follow after Aden. He needed to find her. He had to protect her. A rift of song floated through the remnants of his mind. I feel like I’m dying - you've broken my heart. His body shuddered and he closed his eyes.
Michael wasn’t sure if his body was still alive. The last rabbit had taken almost ten minutes to die. Had he been on the ground that long? He wished he was dead already so his soul could finally let go. He had to go after Aden! She’d been bitten! His body shook with another spasm. He waited for the end.
He felt hands on his chest. It confused him. He shouldn’t feel anything anymore. Someone was calling his name. His eyes opened, almost automatically.
Clem was staring down at him. “Michael? Can you hear me?” Clem flicked a tiny flash light in his eyes. That didn’t even hurt him anymore. He was past the point of feeling pain. Why was he still here?
He became conscious of another warm body next to him. Joseph was kneeling on the other side. “What’s wrong with him?”
“Still working on that.” Clem wrapped the cuff around an arm and pumped it up. “Huh. Pressure is normal.”
That couldn’t be right. Michael knew he shouldn’t have any blood pressure at all by now.
Clem took the stethoscope and listened to Michael’s chest. “Heart and lungs sound good, too.”
That also didn’t make any sense to Michael. He shouldn’t be breathing anymore and his heart should have stopped. What was happening?
Clem felt down his body, searching for broken bones. “He feels all solid here.” His hands slid around the back of Michael’s neck and carefully felt down his spine. He looked over at Joseph. “I don’t get it.”
Joseph leaned over at looked into Michael’s eyes. “Pull yourself out of the mud, Michael. Reach for the wall.” He slipped his fingers under Michael’s. “Here’s my hand.”
He could feel Joseph’s grip. He swallowed and forced his fingers to move.
“Yes! That’s it! Take my hand.”
Sam called Clem over. Michael could see Daniel resting against the wall. He was fighting against his father’s hold. “Let me up. I have to go help her.”
Clem checked Daniel’s vitals and put a hand on Sam’s shoulder. “He’s going to be okay.”
Sam let him go and Daniel pushed himself up, using the wall for support. “I’ll be fine. I’m worried about Aden. Duval had her pinned to the floor when I came in.”
Sam frowned. “She chased him out of here like she was going to tear him to pieces with her bare hands.”
Daniel looked desperate. “But she could be hurt. We’ve got to go out and help her.”
Sam looked over toward the packing room. “How’s Doc?”
Clem returned and leaned over Michael’s face. “I’m not quite sure. His vitals are good and I can’t find any broken bones. Duval must have tossed him and knocked the senses out of him.”
Joseph touched the side of Michael’s face. He felt the wetness under the old man’s fingertips. “Don’t worry, Michael. We’ll find her.”
Michael could hear something buzzing softly. Sam looked across the floor and went to pick up an object. Joseph looked over at him. “What did you find?”
“Looks like Aden’s cell phone.” He brought it over. “She gets reception in the darnedest places.”
Joseph took the phone. “It’s from someone named Sarah. Looks like it went to voice mail.”
Michael closed his eyes and let the tears flow.
* - * - *
Part 5 - Into Darkness
The storm broke, rolling over the edge of the hills that enclosed the valley. The wind howled like an angry predator as it tore through the tops of the trees. But the wind wasn’t the only predator moving through the forest in the dark of the night.
She was intent on her prey. She could smell his fear and confusion, feel his nervous energy, sense his passage by the light dimples of heat that lingered in the damp foot prints for shear moments until the wind sucked it away. A strong gust brought a collective of smells to her nostrils, each a unique story of its own. Sounds bounced along with the rippling air currents, creating a symphony that rang in her ears. Her eyes perceived the world anew, seeing colors that had never existed before. The wind itself painted a picture as it danced along beside her.
She came to a rise and had to pause. This new existence vibrated through every cell of her body. She tingled with excitement. Every living thing around her vibrated with its own internal energy. She could feel it all. She let the howling wind envelop her body. It tore loose the tight band of her hair, allowing it to stream out behind her.
Far below her perch, back the way she’d come, faint whispers echoed upward, just touching her senses before being ripped away by the wind. A sound that was both familiar and alien at the same time vibrated through the air. It was like a distant memory. She listened intently. “Aden.” It was supposed to mean something.
Her new instincts dismissed the sound but somewhere, layered in her subconscious, deeper feelings touched her. Regret. Loss. Anger. He was gone! The pain of that memory surged through her and she screamed into the wind.
The rain let loose and tried to drown her where she stood. She refused to give in. The cold pelting drops couldn’t penetrate the heat of her sorrow.
She heard the Other’s response. A deep hatred filled her, pulling a snarl from her throat. She’d find him and tear his flesh from his bones!
She raced through the trees in the direction the sound had come from. A slight smell on an errant wind current caused her to pause. She clung to a tree, scenting the air. The scent was so familiar. She was drawn to it.
Someone was crashing through the bushes, fighting up the ravine that the Other had used to make his escape. She found a vantage point to watch. She could sense it now. It was male. He broke through the bushes and paused at the top of the ravine. “Aden!”
That sound again. It echoed through some lost and distant memory. What was it?
He struggled forward again. He was searching for her! Was he her mate? His scent seemed so familiar. But no. The Other had killed her mate! Anger and pain mingled again. She slowly started backing away.
The male stumbled as the wind sought to prevent his passage. He fell to his knees. “Aden! Come back!” Salty tang mixed with the driven rain on his face. “I love you.”
Confusion welled in her. Somewhere deep in the buried recesses of her mind, images fought to surface. Who was she? Why was she drawn to this male? Was he part of her pack?
He sobbed and stumbled to his feet. “Aden!”
That sound must mean something. It was so familiar to her. She shook her head, trying to make sense of the confusing images in her mind. Deeper ancient urges clawed within. She needed to feed. She was the Huntress!
He tripped and fell against a jagged ledge. A sweet metallic tang filled the air.
Huntress felt the call of the blood and began crawling forward. She was confused. Her hunger called her toward the scent but something deeper held her back. She whimpered in uncertainty.
He rose again and continued struggling through the brush. “Aden!” The sound was carried away. 
The wind shifted and brought a new set of smells in her direction. Another was coming up the ravine. It, too, was male. She carefully angled toward the newcomer. His scent was also familiar. He stumbled forward and paused in a slight opening. “Daniel! Where are you?”
Huntress knew the harmonics of his tone. This one was older. She heard the thin call of the younger male.
The Older must have also heard it. He turned in the direction of the Younger and intensified his struggle through the bush.
Huntress crept around the edges of the ravine. She was torn between hunger and a deeper need to understand what drew her to these males.
The Older finally made his way through the shrubs to where the Younger had paused. They began making sounds at each other, sounds that a small part of her mind recognized as having meaning. 
The Younger grew agitated. “I’ve got to keep going. What if the Beast turns on her and kills her?”
The Older drew a ragged breaths. “Daniel, we’ve got to go back. This is crazy! We’ll never find Aden out here. The rain is obliterating the trail. They could have skipped over to any number of different creek beds by now.”
She watched the Younger drop to his knees. She could smell the saltiness of his tears. “I’m not going to leave her out here like this!” He bared his teeth at the Older. “I have to keep going. If you can’t, then turn back. I’m not coming in until I find her. One way or the other.”
She sensed the Younger’s deep fear. It wasn’t for what lurked in the darkness but for something he cared about. She could see his radiant silhouette against the wet coolness of the brush.
“Daniel, you’ve got to trust Aden. She’s not going to let the Beast rest. Not after what it did to Doc.”
“I know that!” The Younger swore. “You and your stupid plan!” He batted angrily at the branches. “Why couldn’t you listen to her?”
The Older managed to push his way through to where the Younger rested. He grabbed his arm. “What’s wrong with you? You’ve been obsessed with her ever since she came back. You’ve got a beautiful wife and now a child to think about.”
The Younger pushed the Older’s arm away. “Leave me alone!”
The intensity of his anger stirred her. She growled deeply in her throat. Neither of the men seemed to notice. The wind took the sound away from them.
The Older glowed with anger. “I won’t! I’m dragging your sorry hide back to town if I have to carry you. There’s nothing you can do for her out here.”
“I’m not giving up on her! I love her!”
The shout echoed across the distance between her and the men. She leaned forward, aware of the increase in emotional heat the Younger produced. She drew his smell deeply into her lungs. That smell was comforting. Confusion welled up inside of her.
The Older swore. “You’re as bad as your mother!”
The Younger jumped up and charged him. His fist collided with the Older’s jaw and sent him sprawling into the shrubs along the creek. “Don’t you dare compare me to her!”
Huntress was up and alert, ready to pounce. Were they going to feed together on the Older? Had his time as Pack Leader come to an end? She slid closer, letting her highly tuned senses capture every molecule the wind brought to her.
The Younger stood over the Older. “I’ve always loved Aden, from the very first time I saw her. I never understood why she didn’t love me. I thought it was because I was fat and stupid. She was always so beautiful and smart.” He wiped away the moisture pouring down his face. “But she did love me. I just didn’t understand how. She loved Cindy and knew how Cindy felt about me. That was more important to her.”
She could smell the small trickle of blood that mixed with the rain on the Older’s face. It excited the deep hunger within her. She wanted to feed. She began creeping closer.
The Older wiped away the blood and looked up at the Younger. “She left more than twenty years ago. She didn’t even come home for Gloria’s funeral. Hell, I was surprised that she showed up for Alan’s.”
“But she did come back!”
The Older sighed. “And she stayed because I asked her to. And she dragged Doc into all of this because I asked her to.” His intensity faded. He crawled to his feet and stood facing the Younger. “Dan, she’s not going to stop until she finds the Beast, and God help his sorry ass when she does.” He started to cough and grabbed his own ribs.
The Younger stepped forward. “Dad?”
Huntress was even more confused. The Younger had lost his anger toward the Older. She could see the Older’s failing condition. She could feel the tiny trickle of blood that oozed internally, filling the thin cavity around his lungs. He wouldn’t last much longer. Why shouldn’t they feed on him now?
The Older finally stopped coughing. “It’s no good. You’ve got to let her do this. I know her. She’s like her old man. Driven.”
The Younger was filled with concern. “Let me help you back to town.”
Anger flared again in the Older. “I don’t need your help.” He pulled away and fell to his knees. A jolt of pain rippled through the storm.
She could feel the anger growing again in the Younger, see the increasing glow of his radiant energy. Hunger gnawed at her stomach. They would feed together!
Another presence intruded on her senses. It was the Other! He must have circled back, probably drawn to the smell of the blood. She bristled. This was her prey! A deep hatred for the Other welled in her. Huntress screamed in defiance.
Both men in the gully looked in her direction. The Older pulled a long metal stick out of the brush where it had fallen. It made a soft click. He scanned the surrounding bushes. “What the hell was that?”
The Younger was slowly pivoting. He radiated a mixture of personal fear and concern. “I think we have a cat tracking us.”
“Or worse.” The Older tried to get to his feet and gasped in pain. He grabbed his side.
“Dad?” The Younger reached for him and hauled him to his feet.
She was confused. Why was the Younger helping the Older? Weren’t they going to feed on him together? She sensed the Other drawing closer. That must be the reason. The Other didn’t deserve a share in their kill! She jumped through the brush toward the encroaching intruder.
A loud sound echoed upward from the creek bed and something hot flew by her. The sound hurt her ears. She swerved away from the second searing piece of metal. 
The Other screamed above her. It began running down toward the men. She charged for him and caught him in mid-stride. They rolled together, scratching and snapping at each other.
She could hear the men below. The Older was trying to pull the Younger back down the creek bed the way they’d come. The Younger resisted. His metal stick was raised and radiated with a brilliant glow.
The Other managed to untangle from her grasp and sprang for them again. Huntress reached out and grabbed his leg, sinking her nails into his sinewy muscle. He howled and turned back, snapping at her. She kicked him and felt the satisfying crunch as her foot connected with bone. He screamed in agony. 
His pain flooded her senses and she released him. She recoiled in shock. The Other rolled away from her, hissing as the bone began to restructure.
Another hot missile whizzed through the leathery leaves nearby. Huntress glanced down toward the men. The Older’s stick was glowing hot. He grabbed the Younger’s arm. “Come on, Dan! We’ve got to go down and get some stronger fire power.”
The Younger pulled himself free. “No! If that’s the Beast, it could be Aden up there he’s fighting with. I’m not going to abandon her!” He turned away from the Older and started up the hillside.
The Older burned with anger. “Fine! Be a fool!” He turned and began limping down the creek bed.
The Other lurched toward the men. Huntress felt his need. She screamed in defiance! They were her pack! He would not feed on them! She jumped toward him. The momentum sent them rolling down the other side of the hill.
The Other snarled and tried to bite her neck. He ripped the cloth that bound her and found her skin. She raked her nails across his face. He screamed in pain and frustration. It echoed through her own body but instead of releasing him, she fed on it and increased her attack.
He kicked her chest and broke free. Both of them staggered at the pain. She came to a hard stop against a tree trunk. More pain rippled through her body.
The Other staggered to his hands and knees. He began crawling upward.
The Younger had topped the ridge above. He was looking down toward them. “Aden! Are you there? Are you okay?”
The Other crept toward the Younger.
Huntress harnessed the pain and rolled onto her feet. She burst through the brush in hot pursuit. She wouldn’t let the Other reach the Younger!
The Other seemed to sense her intent. He scuttled faster.
She pounced on him, ripping into his back with her nails.
He curled and tried to turn to rub her off. A small red light played across the Other’s surface. The Other twisted quickly and the red light shifted.
The bang was closely followed by shear hot pain as the searing metal ripped through her body. She dug her nails even deeper. The Other screamed in unison with her. The smell of her own blood drove her to a frenzy.
A strong gust of wind howled down the hillside. She could hear the Younger sliding down the steep slope in their direction.
The Other snarled. He lurched unexpectedly and she was thrown free. The Other scrambled to his knees and started to crouch. She felt his intent. He was determined to feed on the Younger! She had to stop him.
She pulled on the last of her reserves and ignored the pain of her body as it mended the rent in her shoulder. She pounced. Huntress grabbed the Other around the waist and launched them both down the hill in a free fall tumble.
No tree intersected their passage this time. She lost the last of the clinging material. It was replaced by mud and leaves as they tumbled out of control. They careened off a steep ledge and dropped some distance before hitting the next. Both she and the Other shared the pain of the impact. Gravity continued to pull them downward until the ground finally blocked their way. They came to rest in a broken heap at the bottom of a deep gorge.
Neither could move. They both reverberated each other’s pain as their bodies strove to mend the damage the passage had wrought on them.
Far above, she could barely make out the silhouette of the Younger as he peered down into the chasm. At least he was safe. She felt another spasm ripple through her body and was forced to straighten the limb that had been bent at an awkward angle. She screamed with new pain.
Beside her, the Other echoed her cry. She could feel him trembling. He was no longer a threat to the Younger.
Huntress managed to roll away from him toward the water that rushed through the narrow gorge. She quenched her thirst but her hunger demanded attention. Her body required repayment of the energy expended in repairs.
She ignored the battered form of the Other as he lay panting on the gravel bar. She began working her way down the river, searching for an access upward.
The storm howled through the canyon. Lightening flared overhead and Huntress threw herself into the shadows. Her eyes burned! The thunder rattled between the rocky walls. She shook with terror. She began to moan. The sound reverberated around the slime-covered alcove. 
She refused to move again until the lightening and thunder were only a distant memory. She finally controlled her fear and opened her eyes. They had recovered.
The storm was beginning to dissipate. She crawled out of her hiding place and resumed her search for a pathway out of the trench. She found a narrow trail and began climbing.
The rain turned to drizzle and finally to a gentle mist. Huntress reached the top. The clouds began to break up and early morning light seeped through. It hurt her delicate eyes. The pain drove her into the darker shadows of the forest. Hunger gnawed at her insides.
She touched the air currents, feeling for the metallic tang her body craved. A sweet smell drew her forward. A deer grazed upwind of her in a small clearing where a large tree had fallen. The instinctual drive took over and she pounced on the warm creature. Her weight drove it to the ground and broke its back.
The flow of the hot blood was too much for her. She sank her teeth into the neck and ripped away the hair to find the source. The hot metallic flood pulsed down her throat and its life energy flowed through her body. She pulled at it until nothing else remained. The twisted and flattened form lay crumpled beneath her.
The sun’s upward path had found the opening in the small thicket around her. The light seared her eyes. She hissed and drew back under the fallen log, finding a dark hollow. She smelled it, finding only the scent of rich loam and earth bugs. It felt cool and safe. She curled into a tight ball and drifted off to sleep.
* * *

Michael was aware of too many sensations at once. He tried to sort them out. Voices floated through his awareness. They felt distant. He sensed the other people near him. They weren’t all that far away. There must be a wall or door separating them. He knew the voices. One belonged to Clem.
Clem was arguing with someone. “What I should have done was take him down to the hospital last night! I’m worried he’s in a coma. I don’t see any sign of trauma and all his vitals are stable but I can’t get any response from him.”
“Aden must think he’s dead or she would have come in by now.”
Michael tensed. What was Sam saying? Where was Aden? His mind seemed fuzzy. He couldn’t remember where he was. He forced his eyes open then had to blink. Dim light streamed between the living room blinds. He was covered in blankets and tucked in on the sofa bed. He tried to turn his head but every muscle in his body ached.
Someone entered the room. He could feel the heat from the body and hear the heartbeat. The person came close and leaned over him.
Michael focused on a face. Joseph looked down at him. “Michael, can you hear me?”
Michael could hear him but felt unable to answer. He tried to form the words. He desperately needed to know what had happened. He blinked his eyes.
Joseph sat down next to him and picked up Michael’s hand. “I’m here. Reach out and feel my fingers. See? I’m squeezing your hand.”
Michael tried to concentrate on the feeling. It seemed almost unconnected. This was his hand. Why did he feel so removed? He closed his eyes and tried to remember.
He felt the others enter the room and opened his eyes again. Clem came over and looked down. “Well, that’s an improvement.” He unwound the stethoscope from around his neck and picked up a pressure cuff. He slipped it around Michael’s arm and began pumping it up. Clem looked back at him. “How are you doing, Doc?”
Michael was beginning to feel his body. His face tingled. He could feel the tightness around his arm. He stayed focused on Clem as the pressure slowly began to decrease. The cuff hissed and relaxed.
Clem looked down at him. “The pressure is good.” He touched the bell to Michael’s chest. Clem’s face looked tired. “Still sounds clear.” He pulled the buds out of his ears and curled the tubing back around his shoulders. He touched the sides of Michael’s neck with his hands. “Can you hear me?”
He struggled to form the words. His mouth felt dry. All he could really do was blink his eyes. He was terrified. He could feel his body but nothing wanted to respond. Was his spinal cord damaged? His chest became tight and he struggled to inhale.
Clem frowned. “Whoa there, Doc. Just relax.” He put his hands on Michael’s chest and slowly massaged it. “Just breathe.”
Michael could feel Clem’s fear. That troubled him. What was Clem afraid of? His heartbeat increased. Why could he feel Clem like that?
Joseph squeezed his fingers. “Don’t be afraid, Michael. We’re here.”
Michael turned his eyes to focus back on Joseph. Memories stirred in the fog of his mind. He had died. Why was he still here? He forced the knot in his throat down. Aden! Where was she? He scanned the room. He didn’t see anyone else. His diaphragm tightened.
Clem touched his face. “Michael! Listen to me! You’ve got to breathe.”
His chest was on fire! He could feel it burning. The darkness started to swallow him.
“No! Not happening!” Clem’s hands were around his neck, lifting his chin. He felt air being forced into his lungs.
They expanded and he gasped. Pain flooded his body. The seizure sent a shock wave rippling through him.
Clem grabbed him. “Hang on, Buddy. I got you!”
Michael’s back arched. He gasped again. He felt Clem’s hand under his chin. He was being lifted.
Michael could see Joseph’s startled expression. “What’s happening?”
“It’s a seizure.” Clem’s voice sounded close to his ear. “Please keep breathing.” His fingers touched the side of his neck. “Pulse is good.”
The pain began to recede. Michael felt his body relaxing. He could feel his fingers and flexed them.
Joseph came forward. “That’s it, Michael!” He took one of his hands and squeezed.
Michael forced his fingers to respond. He was leaning back on Clem’s shoulder. He could feel Clem trembling.
Clem patted his arm. “Just keep breathing.” He called to Joseph. “Pull some of those cushions together so we can prop him up.” He and Joseph got Michael arranged in a semi-reclining position.
Michael pulled in air. He forced the muscles in his neck to move. “Aden?” His voice sounded distant.
Clem leaned close as he tucked the blankets around Michael’s body. “Sam says she took off after Duval.”
Michael could hear something in Clem’s tone. He swallowed hard. “Am I alive?”
He couldn’t tell if Clem was laughing or crying. “I’m doing the best I can to keep you on the live side.” He glanced over at Joseph. “Why don’t you go relieve Sam? Let him know Doc is conscious. Sort of.”
Michael convinced his hands to move. “I don’t remember what happened.”
Clem looked back at him. His face had an odd expression. “I was hoping you could tell me what was going on.” His whisper was shaky. He put his hand on Michael’s side.
Michael closed his eyes. Clem had discovered it. “It’s all in my notes.” He opened his eyes and looked up at Clem. “I got infected.”
Clem swallowed visibly. “You don’t want to bite me or anything, do you?”
“No.” Michael let his eyelids fall. He remembered now. He’d injected himself with the serum. It must have worked. But how? The last rabbit had died.
Clem put a hand on his shoulder and leaned close. “I haven’t said anything to Sam or Joseph.”
Michael looked up at Clem. “Thanks.” He saw Sam’s face appear over Clem’s shoulder. He could feel his concern.
Sam sighed. “How is he?”
Clem sat up straight. “He’s doing better.”
Sam put a hand on Michael’s shoulder. “You gave us quite a scare last night. Welcome back.”
Michael fought to control the tremor that ran through his body. “Where’s Aden?”
Sam frowned. “I’m not sure. She took off after the Beast last night. Daniel is out there trying to find her. The way she took off, she must have thought that thing had killed you. She went after him with her bare hands.”
Michael shut his eyes. He remembered! Duval had bitten her! His chest tightened and his diaphragm turned to stone.
“Back up, Sam!” Clem’s hands grabbed his neck. “Don’t do this, Michael. You got to keep breathing!”
Michael gasped. The pain ripped through his body. He groaned and curled forward.
Clem caught him. “Hang on, Buddy. I got you.” He let him lean forward but kept control of his head, lifting his chin. “Just keep that air moving.”
“What’s happening? What’s wrong with him?” Sam’s voice was frantic.
“He got his head smacked good last night. These are some of the more serious after effects of a traumatic brain injury.” Clem’s fingers found his pulse. “You still with me, Michael?”
Michael managed to get his arms under control. He grabbed Clem’s shoulder. “I’m doing better.”
“That’s a relief. I’m going to lean you back slowly. If you start having trouble breathing, you be sure and let me know.” He got him back onto the cushions.
Michael’s body shook. His gut seized up. He grabbed it and rolled.
Clem caught him again. “Sam! Grab that bucket!” He guided Michael’s face toward a pail.
Michael gave up trying to hold it down. He heaved.
Clem held him. “It’s okay. Just let it go. If your body doesn’t want it, you’ll feel better without it.”
Sam groaned. “I’ve never been good at that.”
Clem chuckled. “You go on, Sam. I got him.” He wiped Michael’s face with a towel. “Just cough it out. You don’t want to breathe that stuff.”
Michael finally stopped puking. He curled up on his side. His whole body trembled. “I hate doing that.”
Clem did his best to clean him up. “What you need is a hot shower. You’ll feel much better, and smell better, too.”
Michael tried to laugh but ended up coughing. He felt like he’d just tossed up all of his guts. His stomach burned. “I’ve got to get something to eat.”
“Got any particular cravings?” Clem’s voice trembled.
Michael squeezed his eyes closed. He forced himself to breathe as his gut spasmed. There was nothing left to heave. The dry retching left him shaking even harder. He felt a damp cloth on his face. He opened his eyes. Clem was washing his face with a wet washcloth.
Tears streaked Clem’s face. “I wish I knew what to do for you. I don’t know what the hell I’d tell the doctors at the hospital if I took you in.”
Michael grabbed his hand. “You can’t.” He felt Clem tense and let go of his hand. He looked up at him. “I injected myself with the serum.”
Clem gasped. “Does this go under the cure being worse than the cause?”
“Not even. The cause was much worse.” Michael closed his eyes. He’d almost bitten Aden. The memory came back like a lightening strike. Duval had bitten her. He had to find her. He looked up at Clem. “Is anyone else still here?”
Clem shook his head. “Sam and Joseph are still trying to calm the crowd. They aren’t doing so well. I think they really hoped Duval would be behind bars this morning.”
Michael held out his hand and looked at Clem. “Can I trust you?”
Clem grasped his hand with a firm grip. “You know you can.”
“Aden was bitten last night.”
Clem’s eyes went wide. “How bad?”
Michael struggled to sit up and Clem pulled him forward. Michael forced his lungs to expand. “All I could do was watch.” He closed his eyes. “I was so afraid I was going to bite her. I grabbed the syringe of serum and shoved it into my gut. The next thing I knew, Duval came bursting through the basement door.”
“And he went after Aden?”
“No. He was after me.” Michael massaged his temples, remembering his own feeling of rivalry. “I think he saw me as a competitor. But Aden tried to stop him. She shot him. He grabbed her and bit her.” Michael covered his face with his hands.
“I was kind of the last person on the scene. She was gone by the time I got there. Sam said she took off out the door after Duval. He was freaked out because she hadn’t taken her gun.”
Michael vaguely remembered everything. “What happened to Daniel?”
“I wish I knew. He took off after Aden. Sam followed him and came back about an hour later as pissed as could be. Said Daniel was a fool.”
“I have to find her.” Michael tried to get up but found himself on the floor.
Clem picked him up. “That was graceful.” He helped him stand and supported his weight. “How about you start with a shower and then we figure out what to feed you.”
Michael could feel Clem’s fear. He looked at him. “Some of Annie’s oatmeal sounds good. It’s usually pretty easy on the stomach.”
Clem studied him. He relaxed. “A shower, clean clothes, then it’s off to Annie’s we go.”
Clem helped him up the stairs and got him into the bathroom. Michael managed to lean against the wall and let the hot water soak in. 
Clem helped him out and wrapped him in a towel. “I found a couple of duffel bags in the bedroom. I’m guessing yours is the one that doesn’t have bras and panties in it.”
Michael found himself laughing. He got dressed and Clem got him down the stairs. Michael froze when they got to the bottom. He looked at Clem. “Someone’s coming.”
The front door burst open in front of them and Daniel stopped in his tracks. “Is Aden here?”
Clem looked over at Michael and eased him down onto the bottom step. “Sorry, Dan. She hasn’t come back.”
Daniel sagged against the door jam. His face was dirty. The tear tracks stood out. “I can’t find her! I lost her in the storm.”
Michael leaned forward. “You saw her?”
“Just for the briefest moment.” He slid down the frame to his knees. “That thing went after me and she tackled it. They rolled down a hill together. I lost track of them. I searched for hours.” He buried his face in the crook of his arm.
“I think you’re the second candidate for a hot shower and some hot food.” Clem knelt beside him. “Can you make it down to the café or should I call Joe to come give us a ride?”
Daniel looked over at him. “Did Dad make it back?”
“He did. Joe wanted to go out looking for you but Sam said it wouldn’t do anyone any good to have two of you lost in the storm.”
“That figures.” Daniel’s voice was harsh. He struggled to get up and Clem helped him to his feet.
Clem looked over at Michael. “You feel up to a stroll?”
Michael’s body was shaking. She had gone after Duval. Aden was still out there somewhere. “Daniel’s right.” He grabbed the banister and pulled himself to his feet. “We have to go find her.” He staggered.
Clem caught him. “After we get some food into you.”
Daniel stared at him. “What happened? Is he okay?”
Clem put Michael’s arm around his shoulders. He looked over at him. “Maybe I should call for Joe.”
Michael struggled to get his feet to hold his own weight. “Sorry. I’ll manage.”
Daniel grabbed his other arm. “I got this side.”
Michael looked at him. He was confused. He’d gotten the impression that Daniel didn’t care much for him. Michael tried to take as much of his own weight as his legs would carry.
They started off down the street. Michael could hear people talking to each other inside the old school. He could hear the birds and insects flying and chattering all around them. He could smell everything. It was so startling. He couldn’t understand why everything was so clear.
A much closer sound distracted him and he turned to see a young man looking into the Sheriff’s Office door. He was whispering to himself but Michael could hear every word as clearly as if he stood right next to him. Michael tapped Clem’s arm.“ Jimmy is looking for some help.”
“I wonder what’s up.” He called to him.
Jimmy ran over. Michael could sense his fear. Jimmy’s face was pale and sweaty. “I can’t find her!”
Daniel frowned. “Who?”
“Granny. She disappeared. I went to get her some breakfast and when I came back, she was gone.”
Clem swore. He pulled out his radio and called for Sam. “Granny Becker is on a walk about. Keep an eye open for her.”
Sam’s voice sounded concerned. “Is she out looking for Aaron again?”
Jimmy shook his head. “She hasn’t even been talking about him lately.” He swallowed hard. “When Aden talked to her yesterday, Granny said she wanted to be gone. I don’t know what that means or where she might go.”
Clem relayed that information to Sam. He glanced over at Daniel. “Did you see any sign of her this morning?”
“No. But I wasn’t up that way. Could she have gone back to the house?”
Jimmy looked ready to cry. “I’ve got to go look for her, Clem.” He started to run toward the station then looked back. “I’ve asked Ricky Hensley to watch the pumps.” He kept running.
Clem whistled to him. “Grab my extra radio from the shelf in the shop. You stay in radio contact. You hear?”
“Yes, sir!” Jimmy disappeared behind the station. Moments later he sped off in an old blue pickup.
Daniel was shaking. “What if the Beast found her?”
Michael tensed and looked over at him. Which one? He struggled to swallow.
Clem tightened his grip. “Michael! You keep breathing!”
He felt his lungs starting to burn. He was terrified for Aden. What if they shot her thinking she was Duval?
Daniel turned at looked at him. “What the?” Daniel gasped. “Clem!”
Clem picked him up over his shoulder and carried him to the café porch. He laid him down on the wooden surface. “Come on, Michael.” He pushed open his airway and massaged his throat. “Let that air go through.”
Michael heard the door open and Annie gasp. “What happened?”
Clem forced air into his lungs. “Come on, Michael! Breathe!”
Daniel collapsed next to Michael’s head. “Come on, Doc. Aden needs you.”
Michael felt his diaphragm spasm. He gasped. His throat was still too tight. But Daniel was right. Aden did need him. He had to get some serum into her. He struggled to pull air into his starved lungs. His chest expanded.
Clem leaned his head on Michael’s shoulder. “You gotta quit doing that. You’re scaring the crap out of me.”
Michael got control of his arm and found Clem’s shoulder. “Sorry.” He tried to focus on keeping the air moving.
Annie knelt down next to them. She put one hand on Clem’s shoulder and the other on Michael’s. “Is there anything I can do?”
Clem pushed himself upright. “You got three hungry men who are desperate for some of your world famous oatmeal.”
Annie got to her feet. “I’ve got some in the kitchen. I’ll bring it right away.” She hurried inside.
Clem looked over at Daniel. “If we don’t get through that door, she’s going to feed us right here on the porch.”
Daniel laughed. He looked down at Michael. “You ready to try an upright position again?”
“I think so.” Michael rolled to one side. Clem helped him sit. Daniel stood up and pulled him to his feet. Clem got up and grabbed his arm. Michael let them lead him into the café.
Clem and Daniel got him through the doors and into the main dining room. It was empty. Clem motioned toward a table by the fireplace. “Let’s put him over here. That way if he gets cold, we can warm him up.” Michael slumped into a chair.
Cindy came down the stairs. She stopped when she saw them. “Daniel!” She ran across the room through the obstacle course of chairs and tables and flung her arms around him. “I’ve been so worried about you.” She backed up quickly. “You’re soaked!”
Daniel looked down and his wet and muddy clothes. “Ya, it comes with being out in the rain all night.”
She pushed him into a chair. “Sit down. I’ll be right back.” She hurried off toward the service doors and almost collided with Annie. They tray Annie was carrying swayed. Cindy reached up and caught it. “Sorry, Mom.”
Daniel shook his head. “Breakfast and a show. What a deal.”
Clem hid his laugh behind a polite cough. “We’re over here, Annie.” He took the seat next to Michael.
Annie scooped up three rolls of tableware and came over, stopping between Michael and Clem. “Goodness! From what Joseph said, you two have had a rough night.” She moved over to Daniel. “And where have you been? Mud wrestling?”
“Sorry, Mom. I’ll get cleaned up in a bit.” He took the bowl she offered him.
Annie almost collided with Cindy again as she came running from the back. She handed a blanket to Clem. “This is for Michael.” She came over to Daniel and pulled the wet jacket off of him. She touched his shirt. “And you are soaked clear through.” She helped him pulled the wet shirt off then draped the other warmed blanket around him.
Clem put the blanket around Michael’s shoulders. The warmth felt comforting. He started eating. The food tasted incredible. He savored each bite. “There’s nothing as good as Annie’s oatmeal.”
Daniel managed a few bites. Cindy put her arms around him and buried her face in his shoulder. “Are you better?” He swallowed a mouthful and kissed her. Cindy hugged him. “I love you.”
Daniel put down his bowl and pulled her into his lap. “My Honey Girl.”
Michael could tell that they were both crying. He could feel their emotions. It startled him. He tensed.
Clem grabbed his arm. “Michael? Are you breathing?”
He pulled in a lungful of air and turned to Clem. He could see Clem’s concern. He started to shake.
Clem frowned. “Is the food sitting okay?”
Michael looked at his bowl. He took a deep breath. “It’s good.” He could see the heat rising from the remaining oatmeal. What was happening?
Clem moved his fingers to Michael’s neck. “You want to tell me what’s going on?”
Michael looked over at him. How could he say anything with Cindy and Daniel sitting right there? He could feel their fear rising. He jumped when Daniel grabbed his arm.
Daniel looked at him. “Doc?”
Michael could feel Daniel’s touch. His body trembled. This wasn’t right. He shouldn’t feel these things. He’d taken the serum!
Clem jumped up and got behind him. He put his hands around his neck and lifted his chin. “You gotta keep breathing, Michael. We’ve had this conversation before.”
Cindy looked at Daniel. “What’s wrong with him?”
Daniel looked at Clem. “Is there anything we can do?”
“This is really starting to worry me.” He felt Michael’s chest with one hand.
Michael could feel Clem. He felt Daniel and Cindy. He could even feel the baby. He saw everything around him in a whole new way. It was like viewing the entire world through a STEM all at once. He could see the individual molecules that made up everything in the room.
His view point changed abruptly and he was staring at the ceiling. Then Clem was looking down at him. Clem pinched his nose and blew into his mouth, forcing air into his collapsing lungs.
Clem felt along his neck. “Damn!” He looked away. “Danny Boy, how’s your CPR?”
Daniel was next to him. “What is going on?”
“He’s crashing! Again! You take the chest compressions. I’ll take care of the airway.” Clem blew more air in.
Daniel put his hands on Michael’s chest. “I’ve never done this on a real person. Only on a plastic dummy in class.” 
Michael could feel the pressure on his chest. He could feel his heart responding to the compressions. His clinical perspective began analyzing the flow of blood through his body. Clem blew more air into his lungs. He felt his blood absorbing the necessary oxygen.
Something crashed to the floor not far away. Michael heard droplets of fluid seeping away from tinkling shards that clicked against each other. He felt the vibration through the wooden boards as feet ran closer. Annie’s face appeared above. She looked pale. “What happened?”
 Cindy came over and pulled Annie back. “Let them work, Mama. Clem and Dan know what they’re doing.”
Michael could feel how tired both of them were. He had to do this on his own. He found his heart and made it pump. He concentrated on the rhythm of Daniel’s hands. He found his diaphragm and made it pull. He gasped.
Clem grabbed Daniel’s shoulder. “Pause!” They were both breathing hard.
Michael concentrated on keeping the systems going on their own. His body should know how to do this by now. What was the issue?
Clem looked down in his eyes. “Michael? Can you hear me?”
He managed to swallow. He was shaking too hard to talk. All he could do was groan.
Clem put his hands over his face and bent over. “Oh, man. You’re going to turn me into a basket case.”
Daniel crawled back into the chair and Cindy wrapped her arms around him. “Is he going to be all right?”
Annie knelt down and touched Clem’s shoulder. “You should take him to the hospital.”
Clem sighed and looked up at her. “Annie, if I thought I could actually drive him there safely, I would.”
“No.”
Clem looked down and planted a hand on the floor on either side of his head. “Give me one good reason!”
“Aden.”
Clem closed his eyes and sighed. He hung his head. He took a deep breath and looked up at him again. “Then you have to stop crashing, Buddy. You aren’t going to do her any good if you’re dead.”
Cindy gasped. She clung to Daniel tightly. “We’ve got to find Aden. Michael needs her.”
Daniel turned in his chair and wrapped his arms around her waist. “I love you.” He leaned against her stomach and kissed it. He stood up and pulled Cindy close. “I understand now. Aden told me everything.” He smoothed the hair back from her frightened face. “How you used to come over to her house just to watch me when we were kids.” He kissed her forehead.
She relaxed and melted into his embrace. “She was always my best friend.” Her voice trembled.
“Mine, too.” He kissed her deeply.
Annie covered her mouth and backed away. “I have to go get a broom and clean up my mess.”
Clem looked at Michael. “Do you want to lay there or shall we try seats in the upright position again?”
Michael pulled another lungful of air. “I think I’ve got it.”
Clem slowly pulled him forward. “How are we doing?”
“Better.” Michael sat still and assessed his own vitals. His heart was beating on its own and his respiration was shaky but sufficient. He nodded and let Clem help him into the chair.
Clem looked over at Daniel and Cindy. He cleared his throat. “Why don’t you grab a shower? You need to get out of the rest of those wet clothes. I’m thinking Cindy can give you a hand with that.”
Daniel nodded. “You two going to be all right?”
Clem sank into the chair next to Michael. “I could wish this was more comfortable but right now, my body is too tired to care.” He folded his arms on the table and rested his head on them.
Michael watched Clem fall asleep. He looked over at Cindy and Daniel. “Go ahead and get cleaned up. I’ll be okay.”
Annie came back from the kitchen. She carried a tray of steaming bowls in one hand and a broom in the other. She stopped. “Is Clem okay?”
Michael leaned back in the chair. “I think I’ve tired him out.”
Daniel pulled Cindy toward the stairs. He paused and looked back at Michael. “You sure all is good?”
“Go get a shower. It helps. Honest.” He watched them disappear up the stairs then turned to the bowls that Annie had put down on the table. “That smells good.”
Annie managed to smile and pushed one in his direction. “It’s soup. I thought it might be easier on your stomach.” She sat with him and watched him eat.
Michael didn’t remember falling asleep. He woke slowly. He was bent over a table with his head resting on his arms. He could hear Clem breathing beside him. He was still asleep. He could feel two other people in the room. He listened. It was Cindy and Daniel. They were talking in low tones. He turned his head a little and found them. They were sitting close to each other at the small table under the stairs.
Daniel had a bowl of soup in his hand and was spooning it up. Cindy rubbed his shoulders. He was dressed in clean clothes. He put the bowl down and took Cindy’s hands. “I have to keep looking for her.”
She touched his face. “Dad and Joe have been out all day. They haven’t found anything.”
Daniel looked down. “I can’t believe Dad just left me out there last night.”
“What?”
“All I could think about was trying to find her and terrified that all I’d find would be shreds.”
She reached forward and hugged him. “You know Aden better than that. She knows how to take care of herself.” She sat back and looked into his eyes. “Remember when she was out that whole week and everyone was all worried about her? She came back and she was just fine.”
Daniel’s face scrunched up and he buried it in his hands. “Cinders, this is different. There’s a monster out there. That thing could kill her.”
She pulled his hands away from his face. “She’ll be okay.” Her voice caught. “She has to be.”
Daniel pulled Cindy into his arms. “I’m just scared I’m not going to find her in time.”
She ran her hand along his face. “You know this area better than anyone. If anyone can find her, you can.” She kissed his forehead.
He buried his face in Cindy’s shoulder. “I hope so.”
She looked over at the table Michael and Clem were sharing. “They’re still asleep.” She looked back at Daniel. “You need sleep, too.” She got up and pulled him out of the chair.
He hugged her. “Come get me when Dad gets back or they wake up, whichever comes first.” He kissed her and climbed up the stairs.
Michael turned his head to look at Clem. He was still asleep. Michael closed his eyes and drifted off.
Michael woke to a hand on his shoulder. He opened his eyes and looked over at Clem. There was a hand on his shoulder, too. Michael followed the arm and found Sam looking down at them. He had a strange look on his face. “That really doesn’t look very comfortable. Were you afraid of not getting a seat for dinner?” Sam looked around the café. “I really don’t think it’s going to be a problem.”
Michael slowly sat up. He looked around the room. It was empty. Clem had also pushed off the table. He was stretching his back. He looked over at Michael. “I vote for the floor next time.”
Joseph came in with an armload of wood. “I’ll get a fire going. It will take off the chill.”
Sam looked down at Michael. “You feeling any better, Doc?”
Michael pulled in air. “I’m breathing.”
Clem chuckled. “That’s a good thing. Keep doing that.” He looked up at Sam. “Have you heard from Jimmy?”
“He’s back but he’s not happy about it.” Sam took a seat at an adjacent table. “We finally had to order him to come in.”
Michael covered his face with his hands. “He didn’t find her, did he?”
“No.” Sam drummed on the table. “And we didn’t see Aden or the Beast. Joe took me up to all of the places that he and Dan had found that thing over the past few days. It looks like they had been torn apart. Aden’s following her old man’s tactics. Destroy the enemy’s bases.”
Michael swallowed hard. Clem put a hand on his arm. “I’m watching you. You’re going to keep that air moving.”
Michael took another deep breath to make Clem happy. He heard Cindy and Daniel coming down the stairs.
Daniel slowed as he neared the bottom step. Cindy went past him and disappeared into the kitchen. He came around the banister and sat at a table on the other side of the room. He looked at Joseph. “Did you find anything?”
Joseph looked at Sam then walked over to Daniel. “We could see what she’d been doing but we didn’t find her.” He went into the kitchen.
Michael could feel the tension between Sam and Daniel. Sam pulled something out of his pocket and started turning it around in his fingers. He got up and moved to the chair across the table from where Daniel sat. “I’ve been worried about you.”
Daniel looked down at the table. “Could have fooled me.”
Sam put something down on the table in front of Daniel. Daniel frowned and picked it up. Sam watched him.
Daniel sighed and looked up at Sam. “I know you don’t understand. It doesn’t matter. I have to find her.”
“I’m sorry I left you out there last night.”
Daniel chewed on his lip and flipped the coin around in his fingers. He closed his eyes. “No big deal.” His voice was very quiet.
Sam looked down. His chest struggled to expand. “Dan, there are some things we need to talk about.”
Cindy came through the service doors with a tray of food. She stopped and almost dropped the tray.
Sam was shaking. Michael could smell his tears. Sam looked up at Daniel. “I have to tell you something.”
Cindy hurried forward and put the food down between them. “Both of you must be starved. Start with this.” Her sweetened tone sounded forced. She looked over at Clem and Michael. “Why don’t you two come over here and join them?”
Clem started to move but Michael grabbed his hand. “I don’t think I’m up to moving just yet.”
Clem got a worried look. “You’re lungs still working?”
“So far. But I think we should stay here.” Michael faced Clem but let his eyes moved toward Daniel and Sam.
Cindy looked flustered. She smiled tightly. “Not a problem.” She brought the rest of the food over to them. Michael could tell that she was upset about something. She tucked the empty tray back under her arm and hurried back to the kitchen.
Michael relaxed a little and pulled a fork from a napkin roll. He started eating but watched Sam and Daniel discretely.
Sam’s hands were shaking as he started to eat. Daniel was watching him. Sam only managed a few bites. He put his fork down and looked at Daniel. “Son. There’s a lot of things that we haven’t said over the years.”
Daniel sighed. “If this is about mom, it’s not an issue anymore.”
Sam shook his head. “I’m not proud of everything I’ve done in life. Hell, I don’t even remember some of the things I’ve done.”
Michael was distracted by motion from the service doors. He realized Cindy was standing there. He could feel her fear.
He looked back at the men. Daniel was uneasy. “What are you trying to say?”
Sam was struggling. “When Cindy came and asked for your medical records, I didn’t even think about it. I just gave them to her.”
Daniel looked puzzled. “My medical records?”
Cindy burst out of the kitchen with her arms full. She almost dumped the tray she was carrying.
Daniel jumped up and ran to her. “Honey, what are you doing carrying this all at once?” He grabbed the tray and put it on a table. He took her in his arms. “Are you feeling okay? You look flushed.”
Sam and Clem both jumped to their feet. Annie and Joseph came out of the kitchen. Their conversation stopped mid sentence. Annie rushed forward. She and Sam got there at the same time. She glared at him and coaxed Cindy into a chair.
Sam backed away. He watched them caring for Cindy. Michael could feel something was wrong with Sam but couldn’t tell what. Clem put a hand on Annie’s shoulder. “Miss Annie. She’s fine. Why don’t you get her a glass of water?”
Daniel was kneeling next to the chair Cindy was sitting in. He held her hand. “Do you want me to go and find Maggie? I think she’s over at the cabin with Beth.”
“I’ll be all right. I’m doing better.”
Sam backed toward the main entrance. Michael was certain now that something was wrong. He watched Sam slip out the doors.
Annie returned with a glass of water. “You’re shivering. Why don’t you come sit over by the fire?” Annie helped Cindy up and guided her to a chair not far from where Michael sat.
He glanced back toward Daniel, who’d gone back to his table. He stared at it for a moment, picked up the coin, and put it in his pocket. He grabbed Clem’s arm. “Did you see where my dad went?”
Clem looked around. “No. Sorry, Dan. I didn’t.”
Michael pushed out of the chair and joined Clem. “Is Cindy going to be okay?”
“She’s fine but I’m a little worried about the stress.” He turned to Daniel. “I think finding Maggie is a good call.” Clem looked at Michael. “And how are you doing?”
“The food helped. I need to get back to the lab. I’m worried about the containment unit.”
“I’ll give you a hand.” Clem pulled Daniel toward the door. “You go find Maggie. I’ve got my radio. Call if you need us. I’m going to give Michael a hand at the lab.”
They parted on the porch. Daniel hurried down the path toward the cabins. Michael scanned the streets. No one moved in the late afternoon stillness. He felt Sam. Michael lost his balance and grabbed the post for support.
Clem was beside him. “Are you breathing?”
“Ya. Sam’s over at the office.”
Clem frowned. “Okay.” He felt for Michael’s pulse. “I missed something. didn’t I?”
Michael got his balance back and let Clem lead him up the street. “I’m just not sure what. Sam really wanted to tell Daniel something.”
Clem hummed a tuneless melody. “I’ll keep an eye on them. Maybe I can figure it out.”
By the time they got to the house, Michael was feeling better. “It helps to get out and moving around. Increases the circulation.”
Clem followed him into the basement. Michael turned on the lights. He waded through the wreckage. “What a mess.”
Clem looked at the back door. “Holy smokes! I’m going to have to fix this quick. It will be dark soon. I don’t really want an open doorway down here.”
Michael moved across the basement toward the lab. The STEM was still in one piece and the primary containment unit looked whole. He moved toward the smashed remains of the cage containing the last rabbit. He knelt and looked closely at the remains. He didn’t see any movement. It was covered in blood but it felt strangely warm. “This isn’t right.”
Clem came over. “It looks pretty dead to me.”
Michael found a pair of heavy gloves and picked up the rabbit’s body. He brought it to the work bench. “Could you pull a fresh wax sheet?”
“You got it.” Clem rolled it out and Michael put the body down. Clem frowned. “That’s odd. The blood is still red.”
Michael began examining it closer. “You have no idea.” He used a scalpel to cut into the body cavity. It was full of glass shards. A long sliver was jammed through the rabbit’s heart. Michael pulled it out. He gasped. “That isn’t possible!” He stared at the small organ as it began to heal. He could feel the rabbit! It was still alive! Michael took the scalpel and cut the heart out of the body. The blood drained from the tiny organ. He could smell it in the air! He dropped it, along with the scalpel, on the counter, and backed away.
Clem caught him as he fell. “Whoa! Doc!”
Michael could hear his heart beating. It sounded too loud in his ears. His entire body trembled. “It can’t be.”
Clem hung on to him and got him to the stool. “What is it?”
Michael stared at everything on the bench. He grabbed a clean slide and a finger stick kit. He ripped off the gloves and poked his own finger. “Press the button on the STEM to release the vacuum while I prep this slide.” He looked at his own finger. The prick was already healed. He swallowed hard.
Clem gripped the counter. He looked pale.
The STEM beeped and Michael swapped the slides. He pressed the button and looked around for something to do so he wouldn’t go insane in the next three minutes. Michael began cleaning up the work space. He heard something beeping softly. “What the heck is that?”
Clem went into the other room. “I hear it, too.” He searched through the smashed crates then bent and picked up something. “It’s a cell phone. Looks like the battery is dying.”
The STEM beeped. Michael turned to the counter and woke up the computer. He flipped on the monitor and increased the brightness. He staggered. “It’s still there.”
Clem tossed the cell phone on the counter and caught Michael. “But you’re you. I mean, the light doesn’t bother you and I saw you eat real food.” Clem frowned. “You don’t want to bite me, do you?”
“No.” Michael got his balance. He increased the magnification. “I don’t understand. I used the serum.” He focused on the mitochondria. They were still replicating and new virions were still being produced. He flipped on the filter to see the protein sequences. “They’ve changed.” He grabbed a pencil and began diagramming the new DNA sequence.
Clem watched him. “What does it mean?”
“The virus has been modified.” Michael grabbed Jack’s notebook and compared the new sequence to the ancient formula.
“Is that a good thing?”
“Technically.” Michael looked back at the monitor. He hadn’t created an antidote. He’d somehow modified the original virus. That’s what the formula in the notebook was for. He stared at the screen. “But I still have the virus.”
* * *

Huntress woke to a soft familiar sound. It fluttered across her consciousness and pulled her out of her hiding place under the log. The thicket was in deep shadow but still light enough to annoy her sensitive eyes. She closed them and focused on her other senses.
The sounds around her formed an almost visual pattern. The smells added yet another layer. The vibrations gave the scene highlights. She honed in on the origin of the high wispy notes.
She pushed out of the thicket and started moving through the trees, keeping her eyes mostly closed and relying on her new imagery. The singing became louder. She paused at the top of a hill where the forest ended and a meadow covered the slope.
Someone sat in the middle of the field, singing a wordless melody and pulling spring wildflowers, which she wove into a garland. Huntress knew her scent. She was familiar. Huntress crept through the tall grass, keeping her body low to the ground and her eyes closed against the late afternoon sun.
The Old One stopped singing. Huntress squinted against the bright light. The Old One was looking at her. “There you are. Look what I made for you.” She held up the flower garland.
Huntress was confused. Her hunger drove her forward. She could smell the metallic tang of the Old One’s blood. Her mouth salivated. She could see the hot trails through the thin veil of skin. She advanced slowly.
The Old One placed the garland around her neck and sighed. “I don’t want to be here anymore. I know Jimmy doesn’t understand.” The tears began to well up in her eyes. “They are all gone, all except for Jimmy. He’s all grown up now. He doesn’t need me anymore. I’m just a burden to him.”
Huntress sat next to her and took the Old One in her arms. The Old One curled into her embrace and clung to her. Tears streamed down the wrinkled face. “Why can’t I just go away?”
Huntress cradled her, pulled her close, and kissed her neck. The taste nearly drove her mad. She gently bit down on the soft place where the hot veins ran just below the skin.
The Old One gasped and then relaxed as Huntress began to pull the blood from her body. She whispered softly. “Oh, thank you. I’m going now.” Her body went limp and Huntress pulled until nothing remained.
She sat for a long time, just holding the empty shell. It weighed nothing. Her confused mind gave up trying to understand. The sun was finally sinking below the hills on the west side of the valley. She looked down at the body, felt a tinge of sadness, and carried it back to where she’d spent the night. She buried it carefully under the leaf litter, placed the garland of flowers in a hollow of the log, then stood up and stretched. She was still hungry.
Huntress leisurely worked her way down the valley. She stirred up occasion small animals and birds but had no interest in them. She’d tasted human blood. She wanted more. She could smell it long before she arrived. The buildings below echoed with human energy.
The dazzling lights burned her eyes and she hung back in the shadows, watching for movement. She could smell them. There was a large group in a big building and a smaller group in a different one. The need for blood drew her closer.
Huntress felt the air currents shift as someone opened the door of a smaller building across the open space between them. He came out. She reached out with her senses. It was the Older!
He began moving across the street in her direction. She crept closer to the edge. She closed her eyes against the light and let her other senses guide her.
The Older wasn’t doing well. He was struggling to breathe. His time was nearing an end, just like the Old One. Huntress licked her lips.
The Older was very near to her now. She rubbed against the building. Her skin made a strange rasping sound against the rough surface. He stopped and looked in her direction. “Aden? Is that you?”
She recognized that sound. The Younger had used it, too. She sat up and focused on him. Would he come to her for release as the Old One had done?
The Older moved slowly forward. “Aden? Are you hurt?”
She remained still and let him advance.
The Older knelt before her. “Aden! I thought I’d lost you.” He reached for her and drew her into his embrace.
Huntress accepted his offering. She clasped him tightly and bit down on his neck.
The Older screamed and fought back. He tried to push her away.
Instinct took over. She pulled harder, feeling the hot blood slide down her throat.
The Older thrashed and hit the side of the building. Then he was still.
Huntress became aware of another presence. It was the Other! He had come to try to rob her of her rightful prey!
She released her prize and snarled at him. He leapt toward her, knocking her away from the Older, who twitched slightly.
Anger welled in her. This was her kill! She attacked the Other, scratching his chest with her nails. He screamed. She felt some of his pain but had learned from their previous encounter. She was prepared for it this time.
Loud sounds and bright lights distracted both predators as people began running in their direction. Huntress and the Other bound into the shadows. Huntress ducked into a corner where the lights didn’t reach and turned around to look back. She felt the Younger approaching!
The Other growled from across the narrow gap between the buildings. He was also watching the Younger. Huntress could feel his intent. He was hungry. He crouched to spring.
She screamed defiantly and launched in his direction. He was thrown backward by her attack and rolled away to avoid her snapping teeth. Footsteps were running toward them down the alley. The Other jumped away. The Huntress followed.
* * *

Michael heard the commotion outside. Clem looked up from his construction project. “What is it?”
Michael could feel something. It terrified him. He grabbed Clem’s arm.
Clem looked at him. “You okay, Doc?”
Michael staggered. “I’m not sure.” He felt two distinct presences moving outside. He stumbled toward the doorway. Clem grabbed him but Michael pulled him forward. “Come on! There’s trouble!”
Michael and Clem raced up the stairs and out of the house. They could hear shouts and people screaming. Clem pointed toward the fire station. “Over there!”
They both ran. Michael could see Daniel running towards the cluster by the alleyway next to the fire station. He picked up the pace. Michael pushed through the crowd in time to see Daniel fall to his knees next to a body. He staggered. It was Sam! 
Michael grabbed Clem and leaned close. “We’ve got to pull Daniel back. Sam must have been attacked by Duval. That’s what I was feeling.”
Clem’s eyes went wide. He let go of Michael and gently pulled Daniel away from the body. There was a collective gasp from the onlookers as it was revealed. It had a gaping wound at the shoulder and looked flat.
Daniel was struggling with Clem. “No! Let me go! Dad!” He tried to reach for Sam.
Michael heard a quick exhale and turned to see Joseph standing beside him. His face was wrinkled in distress and he was struggling to get air into his body. Michael grabbed him, as much to keep Joseph from collapsing as himself. “Joe. Remember your own lectures. You’ve got to breathe.”
Joseph closed his eyes and somehow pulled himself together. He looked down and picked something up from the street. It reflected the lights around them. “Sam.” Joseph closed his hands over the badge and shoved it into his pocket.
Michael looked back toward the café. He could see Cindy and Annie both running in their direction. “Not a good thing.” He patted Joseph on the arm. “They shouldn’t see this. It’s going to be hard enough on them as it is.”
Joseph nodded. He looked at Michael. “Do what you can for Daniel. I’ll take care of them.” He pulled one of the men standing nearby aside. “Russ. We need crowd control.” His voice was amazingly calm. He jogged back toward the women and caught one with each arm. “You have to go back inside.”
Michael turned back to Daniel. Clem was still struggling with him. Michael moved forward to help. “Daniel. Come on. There’s nothing you can do.”
Daniel turned. His face was taut. Clem grabbed Daniel’s arm before his fist could intersect Michael’s face. “Why! Where is this stupid cure you’re supposed to be working on?”
Michael stepped back. What could he say? “I’m trying.”
Daniel fell to his knees and raised his fists. His face scrunched into a scowl. “The Beast will die!”
Clem left Michael to watch over Daniel while he and Russ went to grab the wheeled stretcher. Several other men had moved the rest of the crowd back toward the school.
Michael knelt beside Daniel and held him while he sobbed. He didn’t know what to say. He could feel Daniel’s intense grief.
Clem returned. He and Russ bagged Sam and got him onto the wheeled stretcher. Clem rolled him toward the back of the fire station.
Russ came forward and knelt on the other side of Daniel. “Come on, Dan. Let’s get you inside.” He looked over at Michael. “You lift from that side and I’ll lift from mine.” They hoisted Daniel to his feet and Russ slung Daniel’s arm around his shoulders. “I got him.”
Michael nodded and let go. He turned to see Clem coming back. He looked pale in the dancing lights. Clem looked around and pulled Michael toward the gas pumps. They paused under the bright fluorescents. Clem looked at him. “You said you felt something?”
Michael made sure no one else was around. He dropped his voice. “I felt two some-things. I’m sure one was Duval but I think the other may have been Aden. It felt like she was chasing him. Like maybe she’d been trying to protect Sam. I don’t know. I don’t really understand it.”
Clem looked toward the café. “What am I going to tell them?” He buried his face in his hands.
Michael felt someone coming. He tensed. Maggie appeared out of the shadows. Michael got his vitals back under control. He tapped Clem’s arm.
Clem looked up. Michael pointed at Maggie. Clem turned to her. “Hey, Mags.” 
She came forward. Michael could feel her fear. “Clem? I’m worried about Cindy.” Her voice was shaking.
“I’ll grab a couple of med boxes and be right there.” Clem turned to Michael. “Give me a hand?”
Michael nodded and started to follow Clem toward the fire station. His senses tingled. He paused. “Clem.” He grabbed his arm. “Take Maggie and get inside! I think they’re coming back!”
He heard the fight break out. He could feel it! Aden was fighting with Duval.
Clem shouted for Russ. “Clear the street. Lock it down!” He looked at Michael. “Come on, let’s get inside.”
Michael knew it was the smart thing to do but he had to find Aden. He could feel her pain! He looked at Clem. “I can’t. Just take care of Maggie.” He slapped Clem on the arm. “I’ll be back.” He didn’t wait for Clem to argue. He took off running in the direction the screams were coming from.
They were moving up the slope behind the fire station. Michael paused when he came to the forest. He could hear them yowling and hissing at each other like stray alley cats. Michael looked up at the trees and shuddered.
Aden cried out in pain and Michael fell to his knees. He felt it as if his own body had been attacked. He touched his chest. There was nothing. Duval howled in agony and Michael clutched his gut. What was happening?
He felt Duval crawl away. Aden was still there. She was hurt. Michael put aside his fear of the trees and pushed through the bushes toward her. “Aden?”
He felt her respond. He stumbled and nearly fell on her.
She was curled in a ball as a gaping wound across her chest healed. She was covered in blood, dirt, and leaves. She lay panting and watching him.
Michael reached for her. She hissed. He wanted to cry. “This is all my fault. I couldn’t protect you.”
Aden turned her head, as if listening to the sound of his voice. She whimpered.
Michael crawled closer. “Don’t be afraid. I’m here.” He reached out again. She didn’t move. “It’s okay. You’re safe.” He swallowed hard. His hand touched her. They both trembled.
She uncurled and opened her arms. Michael was relieved. He moved to her side. She reached up and pulled him close. She nuzzled his chest.
Michael was a little confused. He touched her chest where the wound had been. It was fully healed.
She reacted to the contact and pulled him closer. He didn’t know what to do. “Hang on, Baby. I have to find a way to get you back to the lab. I think I have enough serum there for you.” She reached out and touched his leg. Michael gasped. “Whoa! What are you,”
She moved forward, rolling him over and trapping him beneath her body. She began moving against him.
Michael felt the panic rise. “No! Aden! Don’t do this!” He struggled, trying to pull away. The tree branches overhead blocked the sky. The nightmare was coming for him!
She snarled and ripped his shirt open. Michael expected her to gouge out his guts but instead she leaned forward and licked his chest. Her movements became more demanding.
Michael froze. He could feel her need. It terrified him. “Aden. I can’t. Not like this.”
She fought with his jeans. He tried to stop her. She straddled him and ripped the front of them to shreds.
Michael gasped, realizing her strength. He tried to roll away from her.
She pulled him back and freed him from the last of his undergarments. She began moving again, purring deep in her throat.
Michael realized she was naked. Her need began to echo in him. He fought against it. Old long buried memories exploded out from where they had been hiding in his mind. “No! Please! Don’t do this to me!”
Aden’s insistent rhythm had hardened him against his will. She slip on top of him and moaned with pleasure. He could no longer refuse her. Their bodies were like one organism. They rode the waves together and exploded in a final rush of ecstasy.
They lay panting, her body draped across his. Michael finally managed to roll her away. He curled into a ball, drawing his knees up and covering his head. He rocked. The tears flowed hot on his face. The trees moaned.
He could feel her confusion. She tried to touch him but he curled even tighter. He couldn’t handle it. The forest creaked and groaned around him just as it had done on that day so long ago. The pain was very different this time. His body shook as the spasm hit him.
He felt her respond. She screamed out in pain. She crawled forward and curled herself around him.
He couldn’t escape. There was never an escape from this nightmare. He called out, caught up in the memory. “Run, Matty, Run!” He felt the blackness swallow him and welcomed its relief.
Michael woke, shivering. Sunlight touched his face. He reached for her. She was gone. The grief was too much. He sobbed.
Finally he staggered to his feet. He looked down at what remained of his clothes and gasped. Tattered scraps barely clung to his body.
Michael stumbled through the forest, reliving the nightmare, until he cleared the last of the trees. He heard someone call his name and felt hands catch him as he fell.
“Come on, Buddy. Hang on!”
Michael opened his eyes and found Clem staring down at him. He fought to form words.
Clem’s hands moved over Michael’s body. “Man, you look like someone put you through a chip shredder. What the hell happened?”
“Aden.”
“Holy smokes!” He helped Michael sit. “We’ve got to find you something to wrap up in. Come on, we’ll slip in through the back of the fire station.”
Michael managed to stand. He realized he had only one shoe on. 
Clem pulled off his jacket and wrapped it around Michael’s waist. “I know it’s not much but it will at least keep the neighbors from talking.” Clem put an arm around him and helped him up the bank toward the brick wall just visible beyond the tall bushes.
Michael wasn’t really conscious. He let Clem lead him. He was startled when Clem tensed and stopped. He looked up and tried to process what he was seeing. “What is that?”
Clem swallowed. “That would be a was, as in the back door.”
Michael stared down at the twisted piece of metal. “That was a door?”
Clem started to let him go but Michael grabbed him. Clem looked at him. “Should you really be walking around all that with only one shoe?”
“What, do you think it will give me tetanus?”
Clem frowned. “You tell me.”
“Doubt it.” The fog in his head was beginning to clear. “Let’s go look at the damage.”
They moved forward together. Clem paused and looked at the door frame. “Reminds me a lot of what Duval did to your basement door.” He peered down the hallway and whistled. “And this ain’t the only one he had fun with.”
Michael looked into the dim hallway. He could see the twisted form of the door that had once belonged to the morgue. “Wow! What’s up with that?”
Clem led the way toward the morgue. It looked like a tornado had hit it. Clem groaned. “This is going to take some serious clean up.” Clem moved through the wreckage. “Oh my! That’s disturbing.”
Michael looked down at the remains of the drawer. “Who was that?”
Clem looked at Michael. “That was Sam.” He shifted the bent and crumpled pieces with the toe of his boot. “Now the question is, was it Duval wanting to finish his meal that we took away or was it Aden thinking she was rescuing Sam?”
Michael shook his head. “I don’t know. I don’t know how long she stayed with me.” He leaned against the doorway and closed his eyes. “I wanted to get her back to the lab. I’ve got another batch of serum there. Enough for at least one syringe.”
Clem came out of the disaster area and examined what remained of the door frame. “I don’t know, Doc. I think this might be a case of bringing the mountain to Mohamed.”
Michael shuddered. He didn’t want to think about it. The realization sank in. “This is something I’m going to have to do on my own.”
Clem looked at him. “Why?”
Michael looked down at what remained of his clothes. “First off, she’s a little rough.”
“Ya think?”
Michael looked up. “And secondly, I have no way to explain all this to Daniel and Joseph, especially after last night.” Michael felt his body slipping.
Clem grabbed him. “You need a hot shower, fresh clothes, and food, in that order. Let’s grab a blanket from stores and get you back to the house.”
Michael was relieved that no one was on the street. They got to the house without being noticed. Clem waited downstairs while Michael showered and dressed. 
Michael found him dozing in one of the dining room chairs. He tapped him on the shoulder. “That really doesn’t look very comfortable. You know, the sleeper is still rolled out in the living room.”
Clem looked up. “This is like the good old days.” He stood up and stretched. “I catch a catnap when and where I can.”
“Yesterday a table at Annie’s and today at this table. No wonder you think that cot of yours is comfortable.”
Clem chuckled dryly. “This from a man who spent the night curled up who knows where.” He slapped Michael on the shoulder. “Let’s get you fed so I don’t end up on your menu.”
Michael felt his humor fade. “Don’t joke about that.” He went out the door and Clem followed. Michael paused on the porch. He could feel the tense fear of the people in the old school across the street. They had a right to be afraid. He could feel fear from Clem, too. He closed his eyes. “I’m sorry, Clem. I’m just trying to figure all of this out.”
“No worries.” Clem went down the porch steps and Michael fell into step with him. Clem looked around. “Things sure are quiet around here since they moved the food brigade up to the school cafeteria.”
“I guess that makes more sense. Cook the food where the people are. That must be a burden off of Annie.”
“I heard folks just pulled all the food stuff from their homes and brought it down. I only remember one other time that the whole community got together like this but Annie claims it used to happen a lot more in the old days.”
Michael stepped up on the café porch. “That sounds funny. Annie can’t be that old.” He opened the outer door for Clem.
Clem went in the entry way and reached for the inner door. “I don’t know how old she is. Around here, the old days are those before the logging companies left.”
The moment Michael stepped into the room he knew something was wrong. He saw Daniel sitting next to Cindy. She was wrapped in a blanket by the fireplace. Maggie sat by her. Annie and Joseph sat together at a table nearby.
Maggie turned and jumped up. She rushed across the room. Clem reached out and caught her. “What’s wrong?” His voice was quiet.
She leaned close to him. “I’m worried about Cindy. She hasn’t been able to keep anything down.”
Michael could feel Cindy. More than that. He could feel the baby! The baby was in trouble! He could see the tiny heart struggling. He could see the reduced level of blood in Cindy’s body. He could see the cells of hemoglobin in the blood. He could see the molecules that made up the hemoglobin!
Clem’s arms grabbed him. “Doc!” 
The world began spinning and breaking apart into a spiraling dance of atomic particles. His body was nothing more than a microscopic piece of a much bigger dance.
He felt the air being forced through the millions of molecules that made up his cells. He heard distant vibrations that reverberated within the molecules that surrounded him. “Come on, Michael!”
He felt the pressure exerted on the molecules that were supposed to be doing something other than sitting still. The molecules of his blood began circulating. He could see everything moving around inside his body. More air was forced inside. The pressure continued but had changed. The rhythm was familiar. He could feel the molecules becoming solid. His molecules, Clem’s molecules, and Daniel’s molecules.
“Michael! You’ve got to breathe!” He could hear the desperation in Clem’s voice.
His lungs needed to do their job. He forced his diaphragm to contract and he gasped. The pain rippled through his body.
“Hold up, Dan!” Clem’s fingers touched his neck. “He’s got a pulse!” Clem was shaking. “What happened, Buddy?”
Michael remembered. Cindy’s baby! She needed help. He drew air deep inside. He leaned toward Clem’s head. “Cindy. Volume Shock.” All he could manage was a whisper.
Clem went into motion. “Dan! Stay with him.” Clem raced across the room to Cindy. Maggie ran after him. Clem felt Cindy’s pulse. He looked at Maggie. “I’ll be right back.” He ran for the door.
Joseph followed him. “Do you need help?”
“Naw. I’m just going to bring the whole show.”
Michael focused on circulating the air through his lungs. Daniel was staring down at him. “Come on, Doc. Just keep going.”
Annie hovered in the background. “Why does he keep doing that?”
Daniel looked up at her. “Mom, if we knew that, we could fix him.”
Michael heard the rescue squad back up to the café porch. Clem whistled to Joseph. “Now you can help.” He opened the back and piled several cases onto the wheeled stretcher. “Let’s get this inside.”
Michael realized he was in the way. He looked up at Daniel. “Dan. Help me up, will you?”
Daniel frowned. “Are you sure?”
Michael nodded. “I’m good.”
“Okay.” Daniel pulled him up and got him to a chair as Clem and Joseph brought the stretcher through the door.
Clem looked over at him. “What’s your stats?”
Michael felt his own pulse. “I’m running 90 BPM and about 15 on respiration.”
“A little fast but that’s better than flat.” He came to Cindy’s side and looked at Maggie. “Let’s get her onto the stretcher and then I’ll get an IV going.”
Maggie looked confused. “I missed something.”
“Doc just has a strange diagnostic technique right now. He saw Cindy crashing and crashed himself.”
Daniel looked at Michael. “Is she going to be okay?”
“I hope so.” Michael didn’t dare risk feeling her again. He still didn’t really understand what was happening. It had to have something to do with the virus.
Annie came and sat down next to Daniel. “I’m afraid to go over there. I’d just be in the way. Joseph is helping Clem.” Annie couldn’t stop crying.
Daniel put his arm around her. “Mom, Cindy’s going to be okay. Don’t worry.”
Annie was shaking. “What are we going to do? Sam is dead and who knows where Aden is.”
Daniel hugged her tightly. “I’ll find her.”
Annie grabbed his arm. “Aden appointed you deputy. Aden is technically the sheriff with Sam gone but she’s not here. That means you’re the sheriff.”
Daniel frowned. “That is twisted.”
“Daniel! This town is falling apart. The people need someone to believe in. They need a strong sheriff.”
Daniel swallowed hard. “Okay.” He looked down at the badge that dangled from his shirt. “Damn. I’ll sure be glad when Aden gets back.” He let go of Annie and stood up. “I accept the temporary assignment.”
Clem looked over at him. “Great. Well, Sheriff Daniel. Why don’t you mosey on over here and see your wife.”
Daniel moved across the room and pulled up a chair on the other side of the wheeled stretcher. He took Cindy’s hand. “Hey, Honey Girl. Why the tears? You’re going to be okay.”
Cindy closed her eyes. “I’m sorry.”
“You don’t need to be.” He leaned over and kissed her forehead. He looked at Clem. “Is everything okay?”
Clem did another check of her blood pressure. “That’s a definite improvement.”
Michael got up and came closer. He sat down in a chair by Daniel. Clem looked over at him. “And how are you doing?”
“Better.”
Clem frowned. “We’re going to have a talk about that.”
Annie came over. “Is there anything I can do?”
Clem smiled at her. “Miss Annie. As much as I adore your oatmeal, this morning I’m going to prescribe soup for everyone. It’s hot and it’s liquid. Those are two important ingredients.”
Maggie leaned over Cindy’s head on the other side. “Don’t worry, Cinders. We’re right here.” She took the hand that Clem had the IV taped down to.
Cindy’s face trembled. “Is the baby okay?”
Maggie looked over at Clem. “It might be too early for a fetal monitor.”
Clem grinned. “The little handheld one maybe. Hey, Michael. Pass me the case by your feet.”
Michael handed it over. He watched Clem stick a couple of leads to Cindy’s stomach. He turned on the box. The display showed a rapid wave pattern. “About 180 beats a minute. Looks good.”
Daniel slipped out of the chair and knelt on the floor next to the stretcher so he could put his head on her shoulder. He held her hand. “Our baby is fine.” He kissed her.
Annie came back and set a tray full of bowls on the table. She leaned over Clem’s shoulder. “What is that?”
Clem grinned and looked up at her. “That’s your grandbaby’s heartbeat.”
Annie gasped. Joseph caught her and pulled her into his arms. “It’s okay Annie.” She started to cry. Joseph helped her sit down. “I think you need some soup, too.”
Clem disconnected the leads. He looked at Maggie. “I’m going to recommend she finish off this bag as well as some soup. We can take her off the oxygen. But she should get plenty of rest for the next few days.”
Maggie smiled at him. “Pass a bowl and spoon, please.” Clem complied.
Joseph cleared his throat. “Daniel. Come here a moment.”
Daniel kissed Cindy. “I’m going to let Mags take good care of you. You be a good patient.” He got up and joined Joseph a short distance away.
Joseph reached into his pocket and pulled something out. “You’ll need this.”
Daniel stared at the badge in Joseph’s hand then took it. He pulled the other one off his shirt and held it out to Joseph. “This is probably the most dangerous job on planet earth right now but I’m asking you to accept it.”
Joseph took the badge and looked up at Daniel. “What’s the plan, Sheriff?”
Daniel looked at Michael. “How’s that serum coming?”
Michael swallowed hard. “It’s got some issues.”
“Keep working on it.” He turned back to Joseph. “Emma Becker is still missing and Aden is out there somewhere. And so is the Beast. You said she’d scuttled his previous haunts. Let’s go see if we can find the missing. Any or all of them.”
* * *

Huntress was restless. She gave up trying to sleep. It was still too bright for her eyes to see anything beyond her refuge but her other senses painted a clear picture for her. She could smell the Other. He’d been trying to get close to her in the early hours before dawn. She had chased him away from her Mate.
Her Mate was a very different puzzle. She had felt his need and then his terror. What could he possibly fear? It frustrated her. She hated the feeling and needed something to take it out on.
The Other had followed her as the sun rose. He hated the light. She simply ignored it. She’d found an adequate place to curl up to sleep. He’d dug himself a hole. She could smell him there now. Anger flared in her. She let it build to rage.
Huntress bound from her nest and raced down the hill. The Other was still sleeping. Foolish mistake! She pounced on him and ripped her claws into his back.
He howled in pain. She was ready for it. She used his pain to fuel her anger and hatred of him. He tried to fight back but his body was already suffering. She had fed and he had not.
The Other rolled away from her attack and found himself exposed to the sun. He screamed in agony as it burned his eyes.
Huntress purred with pleasure. She ignored his pain and stalked him. Letting her ears lead her to him. She attacked again and bit a large chunk out of his side. She spat out his bitter taste.
He whimpered and begged for forgiveness but she refused him. She bit and clawed him, doing as much damage to him as she could stand. She was finally forced to back off. His pain was overwhelming her.
He crawled off toward some shadows. His hunger burned him as badly as the wounds she’d inflicted. She could feel it. She also knew the moment he felt prey. He was off and running.
Huntress sprang to her feet and followed. She scented the wind, trying to decide what the Other was hunting. The smells came to her. She growled deep in her throat. The Other was hunting the Younger!
She bound down the hill, using the energy of the world around her as her guide. She didn’t need her eyes to see. She heard every tiny sound wave as it bounced off the obstacles around her. Even the slightest breeze told an epic tale.
Soon she could hear the Younger. He was talking to someone else. They were in a gully, using it just as the Other did for easy passage. She listened to the sounds the Younger was making. “I can tell she’s been here, Joe. I just can’t figure this out. Where the heck is she hiding?”
“It’s getting late, Daniel. We need to get back to town. We should check in with Clem soon.”
“I know. I’ve been watching the time.”
“Daniel!”
Huntress tensed. She knew the voice of the male with the Younger! It was the Wise One! A memory stirred deep in her mind. They were her pack. She had to protect them from the Other!
He was headed for them. She could smell him clearly now. He was moving down the other side of the ravine, using the shadows to protect his fragile eyes.
She heard the Younger and the Wise One moving down the stream. The Other picked up his pace. She waited until he was just across the ravine from her. Huntress leapt across the gully and tackled the Other.
The Younger shouted. “No! You can’t risk the shot. It’s Aden!”
The Other squirmed away from her attack and slipped over the edge of the bank. Huntress followed.
The Younger called after her. “Aden! Wait! Come back! Michael’s all right!”
Huntress was focused on the Other. She would teach him to hunt her pack! She ran up a tilted log and launched herself through the air. She landed on the Other’s back. She felt the satisfying crunch of bones then the agonizing pain. It was intense. She and Other rolled together down a slope. She continued her attack and the Other lashed out. He ripped a deep gash across her chest. They both screamed together.
The Other collapsed in a heap. He withered in agony, not only from his own injuries but also from those he’d inflicted on her.
Huntress slowly dragged herself away from him. She fell into a different streambed. It was dark enough now that she could open her eyes. Her wounds were almost healed. She felt dizzy with hunger. Her body demanded blood.
She heard the rumble of the truck as it passed over the wooden bridge that spanned the creek she lay next to. She could smell the foul stench it spit out as it hurried away. Huntress struggled to her feet and began tracking the smell.
She avoided the gravel road, preferring to stay in the trench that ran beside it. She was too weak to keep up with the truck. It rolled down the hill toward the well-lit town below.
Huntress knew there were others not of her pack there. She felt no compulsion to avoid feeding on them. Her hunger called her forward. Perhaps she could find another who was willing as the Older and the Old One had been.
The town seemed even brighter tonight. Even the dark alley she’d used the night before was well-lit. She moved around the lower side and stayed in the shadows. She found a place to hide in a recently split tree. This place was familiar to her. Memories stirred in the foggy corners of her mind.
She extended her senses. She felt him! It was her Mate! He was there! Huntress left her perch and moved forward toward him.
She knew when he felt her. She could feel him moving toward her. He was in one of the buildings. A door opened. Her Mate stood there, outlined in light. She whined at the brightness.
“Aden?”
She felt another. He wasn’t alone. “Michael! What are you doing?”
She crept forward, closing her eyes and letting her other senses guide her to him. He wanted her! She could feel it! Her desire for him overcame her hunger.
“Clem! She’s here!”
“But you said the serum wasn’t ready.”
“I’ll use what I have. Load up a syringe!”
Huntress moved slowly toward him. The one next to him shook. She squinted in the light. He looked pale.
The Pale One grabbed her Mate’s arm. “Michael! This is suicide. Consider what she did to you last night.”
Her Mate was trembling. “Just get that syringe ready.” The Pale One disappeared. “Come on, Aden. That’s it. Keep coming.”
She inched closer. She was confused by the flood of different emotions from her Mate. She could feel his need but also his fear. And something else. She hesitated.
The Pale One returned. His fear hung like a shroud. He handed something to her Mate. He was afraid of the thing!
Her Mate moved forward. The Pale One gasped. “Michael! Please be careful!”
Huntress felt the danger. Something bad was coming! She sprang away and fled into the night. She heard the distant cry of her Mate but fear drove her. And hunger.
She caught the scent of the warm metallic tang. It wasn’t human but it was large. It would do. She quickened her pace and took her prey unaware.
The thick black fur frustrated her. Her prey roared and bit her shoulder. Huntress screamed and attacked it. There was no echo of pain as she shredded the creature, finally finding the soft skin below its neck. She bit down hard and was rewarded by the hot pulsing flow.
Her prey fought back. It only increased her pull. It finally lay still below her. She felt its blood renew her body. The wounds it had inflicted on her healed quickly. She tore into the flesh, broke bones, and found the tasty morsel she sought. She savored the heart. It was huge. She finished it off and licked her lips.
She felt the Other. He was desperate. She was sated. She moved off her kill and went to find a place to rest. Let the Other feed on her scraps. She was the Huntress.
* * *

Michael felt Clem’s hand on his shoulder. He opened his eyes and blinked. Sunlight streamed through the living room blinds. He was laying on the sofa bed. It was as far as his tired body had gotten him in the wee hours of the morning.
Clem’s concerned face looked down on him. “Are you breathing?”
Michael filled his lungs. “I seem to be.”
Clem relaxed. “For a moment there, I wasn’t sure.”
Michael rolled over on his side and pushed up on one elbow. He glanced at his watch. “It’s almost ten.”
“You needed the sleep. But you also need to eat.”
Michael nodded. He sat up and stretched. He looked over at Clem. “Did you get any sleep?”
“Some.”
Michael frowned. “Clem? Are you okay?”
He didn’t look up. “Are you mad at me?”
“What?”
Clem looked up at him. “I scared her away last night.” His voice was quiet.
Michael shook his head. “Clem. I don’t think it was you that scared her away. I think she was feeling my fear. It made her afraid.” He patted Clem’s arm. “Come on, Army. Let’s roll out and see if we can find some chow.”
Clem got up and pulled Michael to his feet. “Soup or oatmeal?”
Michael shook his head. “Is Annie running low? Maybe we should have Joseph run down to town for some supplies.”
“I don’t know. I guess we could ask. What do you have in mind?”
Michael grabbed his coat off the chair back. “She makes these tasty rolled up eggs that have cheese and bacon in them.”
Clem laughed. “You must be getting better. You’re thinking about real food.”
They stepped out the door. Michael paused. He could hear the people in the school singing.
“Boy, Ben’s really got them worked up this morning.”
“You can hear that?”
Clem gave him an odd look and wiggled a pinky in his own ear. “Yup. That’s better though.” He looked across the street. “Some old gospel tune. I don’t remember what it’s called.” They started walking down the street.
Michael heard something that wasn’t part of the singing. He started looking around for the origin. “Clem. Jimmy’s at the garage.”
Clem started running. Michael followed. Clem rushed into the open door of the service station office and grabbed Jimmy. “Are you hurt?”
Jimmy was holding his hands over his face. “I don’t want to go to hell!”
Michael paused in the doorway. “You don’t strike me as being a likely candidate.”
Clem pulled Jimmy’s hands away. “What are you talking about, Jimmy? That’s sounds like crazy nonsense.”
Jimmy looked up at Clem. “Ben says I’m doomed for hell if I stay here but I can’t leave. I’ve got to find Granny.”
Michael shifted. Something had changed. The singing had stopped. He heard the sounds of people moving outside and doors slamming. He felt someone coming. “Hey, Army. We got company.” He stepped out of the way of the newcomer.
The man seemed startled by Michael’s sudden movement. He looked at him wide-eyed for a moment then pushed passed him. “It’s time to go, Jimmy.”
Clem stood in front of the young man. “What’s all this about, Ben?”
“The Lord has called me to lead his people to safety. We are leaving this purgatory to save the souls of those who remain among the living.”
A familiar dusty pickup rattled by and Jimmy jumped to his feet. He pushed passed all of them and rushed toward the vehicle.
Michael got out of the way of the preacher and waited for Clem. “Now I know why Joseph dislikes this guy. He’s not high up on my favorite person’s list either.”
Clem looked grim. He put a hand on Michael’s arm. “Come on. Let’s go see if Daniel has found anything.”
Jimmy was already begging Daniel for news. Michael could see how tired he was. Daniel put a hand on the young man’s shoulder. “Jimmy, I’ve been out since early this morning. I haven’t seen Emma. I’ve been trying to find Aden. I’m worried that she’s hurt. I need to get some food and see if Joe is ready so I can go back out and try again.” He ignored Ben as the minister came forward. Daniel pushed through the entry way doors into the café.
Michael looked at Clem. “Just the way he said that, I think he’s seen her!” Michael ran up the café steps with Clem right behind him.
Daniel was moving toward Joseph. “You ready to go out?”
Joseph handed Daniel a cup of coffee. “You need to eat first.”
Michael felt more movement behind them. He turned and saw that the minister had followed them in.
Daniel turned and looked at him. “Do you need something, Preacher?”
“I’ve come to inform you that the residents of Sweetvale have decided to leave.”
There was a collective gasp in the room. Michael realized that Cindy, Annie, and Maggie had been sitting by the fireplace.
Daniel sighed. “If that’s their choice.” He took a drink of coffee. “I’m not going anywhere. I’ve got a couple of missing persons to find and a Beast to track down.”
The minister turned to the women. “Come, Maggie. We’re leaving now.”
Maggie rose slowly. She looked down at Cindy then back up at him. Michael could see her indecision.
Clem moved past him and went up to Maggie. He took her hand and leaned close. “Stay with us. You’ll be safe. You just have to stay where there’s light.”
The minister moved closer to them. “There is no light left in Sweetvale. God has turned his holy light away from this forsaken place. All those who remain are damned to hell.” He straightened his shoulders. “Go get in the car, Maggie.”
She looked at Clem and gently pulled her hand away. “Are you staying?”
“I have to. I’m needed here.”
Maggie looked down at Cindy. “Clem will be here to look out for you.”
Michael could see the muscles in Clem’s back go rigid. Clem’s heart rate sped up. He didn’t look any different on the outside.
Maggie looked at him. “I’m sorry, Clem.” She picked up her bag and walked past him. She didn’t look at the minister. Maggie pushed through the main doors.
Michael didn’t know what to do. He could see Clem trembling. Clem sat down in the chair next to Cindy.
The minister held out his hand to Cindy. “You should come away from this place, for the sake of your child. Why would you endanger an innocent within these halls of purgatory?”
Cindy was crying. Michael could see her tremble. She looked at Daniel.
Daniel moved across the room and knelt beside her. “Cinders. Maybe Ben is right. Maybe you should go with Maggie.” He put a hand on her stomach. “We almost lost the baby.”
She reached out and touched his face. “No.”
Annie gasped. “Cindy? That thing has already attacked you once.”
Cindy didn’t take her eyes off of Daniel’s face. “I’m not leaving without Daniel. He’s right. We can’t abandon Aden. She’s out there alone. Fighting this thing by herself. We have to stay and help her.”
Daniel took Cindy’s hand and held it to his heart. He was shaking so hard he almost fell over. He put his head on her knee. “I won’t let anything happen to you. I will get that thing. I promise.”
Cindy leaned over him and hugged him. “I know. I’m here with you.”
The minister backed up a step. He looked surprised. “Annie! Council your children! Surely in your years of wisdom, you see this is the safest course.”
Annie put a hand a Cindy’s shoulder and the other on Daniel’s. “What I see is that my children have more faith than you do. I’m not leaving.” She looked over at Joseph. “Where else would I go? I’ve put everything into this place. I have nothing without it.”
Joseph moved to her side and put his arms around her. “I had already intended to stay. This problem won’t go away on its own. We can’t leave it for someone else.”
Annie turned into his arms and buried her face in his shoulder. “I’m frightened.” It was a whisper but Michael heard it clearly.
Joseph pulled her close and kissed the top of her head. “Don’t let your fear overcome you. Recognize it and let it go. We know the danger is there. We won’t rest until we stop it.”
The minister turned his eyes to Michael. “I have the feeling you understand the true nature of this danger better than anyone.”
Michael felt his gut tighten. He leaned against the stair railing. Did this man know the real truth? Did he know what Michael and Aden had become? Michael swallowed hard. “If you’re asking whether I’m leaving, you’re wasting your breath. I do know what we’re facing. I’m the only one here who can stop it. I’m not going anywhere.”
The minister shook his head. “May God have mercy on your souls.” He turned and walked out the door.
Clem finally moved. He swiveled on the chair and looked over at Michael. Michael could see the desperation in his face and it terrified him. Clem got up and walked out.
Michael glanced at the others then followed Clem. He found him leaning on the corner post of the porch. Maggie was looking back at him from inside a dusty brown sedan. He could hear Clem whispering. “Please stay.” His body was shaking.
The minister started up the car and pulled out of the gravel lot. He headed down the road. Other vehicles, most of them pickup trucks, followed.
Michael felt the others come out onto the porch behind them. He could feel their collective fear. They clung to each other for support. Michael was worried about Clem at that moment. He moved forward and put a hand on Clem’s shoulder. “You all right, Army?”
“I always thought the guy was supposed to be in the car with the girl as she drove off into the sunset.” His voice was ragged.
Michael sighed. “It’s not sunset yet.”
He felt the anger flash in Clem as he whirled around and grabbed Michael’s shirt. Clem’s face was flushed. “Hit me.”
Michael was astonished. He backed up a step. “Clem! Come on, man. What are you saying?”
Clem’s face broke into a mask of rage. He pushed Michael against the wall of the café. “Hit me, damn you! I want to feel something!”
Michael saw the swing coming. He reacted without thought. He grabbed Clem’s arm and pulled him around, trapping him in an embrace.
Daniel rushed forward but Michael looked up at him. “No! Dan, leave him be.”
Daniel paused and looked down at Clem, who was doubled over in Michael’s arms. “Are you drunk?”
Clem looked up at him. “Not yet.” He straightened and pushed away from Michael. He ignored the others and staggered off the porch.
Cindy rushed to Daniel’s side. “What are we going to do?”
Daniel pulled her close and looked over at Joe. “We’re going to keep looking for Aden and Emma.” 
“Not yet, Dan.” He put a hand on Daniel’s arm. “We need to make sure everything is secure here in town. We should rearrange the lights and focus them down here.”
Annie pulled Cindy away. “Come on. Let the men work on that. You and I are going to do a stores check. We’re going to make sure we have plenty of provisions ready.”
Daniel looked over at Michael. “Can you put our medic back together?”
Michael swallowed hard. “I’ll do my best.” He left the shelter of the porch and blinked in the early afternoon sun. He jogged down the path in the direction Clem had gone. He could hear Clem’s tuneless melody. It didn’t sound good.
Clem was climbing the stairs on the side of the service station. He was almost to the top by the time Michael got there. “Hey, Army! Hold up!”
Clem paused and looked down. “I can’t do it any more, Doc.”
Michael saw him waver and raced up the stairs. He caught him before Clem fell. “You look like you need a hand.”
Clem was shaking. “You should have let me fall.”
“Not a chance.” Michael slung Clem’s arm around his shoulder and helped Clem up the narrow inside stairwell to his loft apartment. Clem sank on his cot and Michael collapsed across from him on the couch.
Clem reached under his cot and pulled out the case. He selected a bottle and grabbed a couple of glasses. Michael held up his hand. Clem shrugged and put one away. He filled the other and leaned back against the wall. “Here’s to hell, which is where I’m bound.” He downed the glass.
“Come on, man. Don’t let that crazy talk go to your head.” He watched Clem pour another glass.
Clem held it up to the light and looked through it. “This is some really good stuff.” He patted the box. “I get a case of this every year at Christmas.” He emptied the glass.
Michael grew concerned. He knew all too well the danger of fast drinking. “If you keep going like that, you’re going to run out before Memorial Day.”
Clem just laughed and poured another. “At the rate we’re going, it doesn’t matter.” He drank it down.
Michael swallowed hard. “That little faith in me, huh?”
Clem looked over at him as he filled another glass. “I get a case like this every year from a Marine back east. He got both legs blown off in Iraq but I saved his life. Now we wish each other misery on a yearly basis. Merry Misery!” He toasted the unnamed soldier and drank down the scotch. He poured another.
Michael frowned. “I don’t get it. You’re a medic. You know what that stuff does to you. Why do you drink it?”
Clem leaned back and studied the caramel-colored liquid in his glass. “Let’s just say the good effects far out-weigh the bad.” He took a drink.
“And what would those be?”
Clem drained the glass. “It dulls pain and helps you forget things you don’t want to remember.”
Michael leaned forward as Clem reached for the bottle again. He caught Clem’s hand. “Don’t do this to yourself.”
Clem stared at him. “What’s your excuse?”
“I’ve been there.”
Clem looked surprised. “You’ve been to Iraq?”
“No. I’ve been to the bottom of a bottle.”
Clem frowned and looked down at his glass. “You know what the worst of it is? I came here looking for a place to die.” He pulled his hand away from Michael and grabbed the bottle.
Michael sat back and watched Clem pour another glass of the golden liquid. “Why? Post trauma?”
Clem contemplated the glass before taking a drink. “I suppose in a way it was. But it didn’t have anything to do with war.” He drained the glass.
Michael tried to remember if he’d seen Clem eat anything. He looked around the loft as Clem refilled the glass. “You got anything to munch on up here?”
“Naw. I always eat at Annie’s. I got a running tab.” He took another drink. “Besides, can’t leave anything remotely resembling food up here. The little pesties would find it and move in.” His speech was starting to slur.
Michael closed his eyes as Clem reached for the bottle again. “I started drinking when Aden left to take an internship in Chicago.”
“Is that where’s she’s off to?”
Michael looked at him but couldn’t tell if he was joking or getting too drunk to remember anything. “It almost killed me. I lost my job, my chance for a scholarship, my reputation, and in the long run, I lost Aden.”
“I got a metal detector around here somewhere.”
Clem started to reach for the bottle again but Michael sat up quickly and pulled it away. Clem’s hand grasped at empty air. Michael put the bottle out of reach and shoved the case under the cot with his foot. Clem leaned forward to reach for it and almost fell on his face.
Michael caught him and dragged him over to the couch. He took the glass away. “Enough poison for one day.”
Clem started to cry. “I don’t want to live anymore. I can’t do it. She’s gone.”
Michael closed his eyes. “I’m sorry.” He had been the one to encourage Clem to take an interest in Maggie.
Clem shook with sobs. “She was so beautiful but she never believed me.” He leaned into Michael’s shoulder. “Oh, Debra, why couldn’t you believe me?”
Michael looked at Clem, completely confused. “Debra?”
“That was her name.” He seemed to be staring off at nothing. “I still remember the first time I saw her. I was driving across the country. It was about the middle of Iowa and my car started to overheat. I pulled off in this tiny burg that wasn’t much bigger than Sweetvale. She had been waiting tables at the little café next to the service station. She has the most incredible green eyes.” Clem groaned and started coughing.
Michael knew from experience what was coming. “Hang on, Army.” He looked around for a container. There was nothing in reach. He felt Clem start to heave. He yanked the case out from under the cot, knocked the lid off, and rolled Clem over. He looked away as Clem spewed most of what he’d consumed into the box. He made sure Clem’s airway was open but let his stomach do the rest.
Eventually Clem stopped. He laid shaking, curled into a fetal position. Michael put the lid back on the box and grabbed a blanket off the cot to drape over Clem. He also found what he hoped was a clean rag and wiped Clem’s face.
Clem reached out and caught his hand. “I’m a mess, ain’t I?” His voice was weak and shaky.
“I got half a mind to carry you down to your own rescue squad.”
“Don’t waste anything on me.”
Michael made him comfortable then sat down and let Clem rest his head on his lap. Michael looked down at him. “There’s one thing that puzzles me. How does an Army field surgeon become a mechanic?”
“Debra’s father. He was the guy who fixed my car.”
“Wow! Isn’t that a little extreme?” He felt Clem tense and realized what he almost said. He quickly changed his direction. “I mean, I’m not just going to fix your car, I’m going to teach you how to do it yourself.”
Clem relaxed. “That part just kind of happened. It was all because of her. There were these guys, must have been regulars, and they were teasing her. I could tell it bothered her. When one of them slapped her ass, I got mad. So I challenged him.”
Michael looked down at Clem’s narrow frame. “Was this guy tiny?”
Clem laughed. “Heck, no! He probably out-massed me by a hundred pounds! Debra didn’t want to see me get hurt and tried to step between us.” Clem looked up at Michael. “You know, that bastard actually put a hand up her dress?”
“I’m betting that was a mistake.”
Clem relaxed again. “Damn right. I got him in a choke hold, right there where he sat, until he passed out. Oh, I didn’t hurt him or anything. He was already missing half his brain cells. But funny thing is, no one ever bother me all the time I lived there.”
“You stayed?”
“Yup. I proposed and she accepted. We moved into the little room upstairs from the garage.”
Michael looked around. “Maybe that’s why you’re so at home here.”
Clem sighed. “I guess.”
“And Debra kept working at the café?”
Clem nodded. “Debra always struggled with her weight. You know how women are. She was into every new fad diet that came out. I tried to tell her that it didn’t bother me but it bothered her.”
Michael leaned back and studied the rafters covered with old license plates. “I’ve never understood that. Women seem to be under some self-imposed social pressure to conform to a body norm based on abstracts like base metabolic rates and body mass indices. Men should let them be whatever they are and love them just that way.”
Clem turned his head to look up at him. “And I did.” He relaxed against Michael’s leg. “I just wish I would have paid attention to what was really going on.”
Michael looked down at him. He could feel the deep anguish. “Clem, you’ve got to stop blaming yourself for something that obviously happened a long time ago.”
Clem closed his eyes. “We were so excited when we found out she was pregnant. Everything seemed fine until she went into labor.” He covered his face and rubbed his temples. “They didn’t make it.” His voice was flat. “It wasn’t until later that I found out she had serious thyroid problems.”
Michael sighed. It all made sense now. That was why Clem had been so affected by Maggie’s loss.
Clem started coughing again and Michael turned him to the side. “Easy there, Army. Those lungs are supposed to stay in your body.” Michael grew concerned about the way Clem was gripping his chest. He started looking closer. He could see the bronchial passages constricting. He reached out and touched Clem’s chest. He focused on the airways.
Clem’s coughing eased. Michael looked closer and began seeing the individual cells. Then the molecules.
“Michael!” Clem’s voice seemed distant. He was aware of hands pounding on his chest. “What the hell! Come on, Doc! Stay with me!” 
Air forced its way into his lungs. Michael struggled and coughed. How had he ended up on the floor?
Clem hauled him up and held his airway open. “Come on, breathe.”
Michael complied. He realized they were both shaking. He was leaning against Clem. They were both sitting in the narrow space between the cot and the couch.
He could feel Clem crying. “Don’t you go crashing on me like that.” Clem checked his pulse and sighed. “Damn! I’m going to have to stick around just to keep you alive.”
Michael got control of his muscles and reached for Clem. Clem took his hand in a tight grasp. Michael managed to swallow. He concentrated on moving air through his lungs and focused on Clem’s hand. “I’m here.” He could only manage a whisper.
Clem relaxed a little. “What keeps causing that?”
“Sensory overload.” Michael took a deep breath and let go of Clem. Clem helped him up off the floor. They both collapsed together against the back of the couch. He tried to explain it to Clem. “I’ve got to learn how to control that.”
Clem patted him on the shoulder. “That’s worse than an epileptic seizure. You stop breathing, your heart stops beating, it’s just a bad scene.”
Michael looked over at Clem. “Hey, Army.”
Clem turned his head. “What?”
“Thanks.”
“Don’t mention it.”
Michael thought back to what Clem had been saying. “You have to let it go. You can’t keep hanging on to the past. It’s like sensory overload. It will overwhelm you.”
Clem rolled his head back and closed his eyes. A tear trickled down his cheek. Michael thought about wiping it away until he noticed the regular rise and fall of Clem’s chest. He’d fallen asleep.
Michael watched Clem for awhile until he was confident that he would be okay. He was distracted by a distant sound of a door slamming. Michael crept down the stairs and slipped out the door. He was surprised to discover it was dark. How long had they been up there?
The strings of lights swayed gently on the breeze. More of them had been strung between the trees around the cabins. It was pretty. He stood on the narrow balcony for a moment, listening to the night sounds.
He started down the stairs and noticed headlights reflected on the cabin windows. He jumped down the last few steps and ran to the corner of the building. Daniel’s old pickup truck was just pulling away. He could feel Daniel inside. He was alone. The truck turned toward the upper valley. What was Daniel thinking?
Michael began running after the truck. He’d run past the house before it occurred to him that he wasn’t getting tired. He stopped at the edge of town. The tail lights disappeared into the darkness.
He started back to the house. He’d never been much of an athlete. Stairs had occasionally challenged him. Now he wasn’t even winded. Was this part of the virus, too?
Michael wasn’t sure what he was going to do. He went down into the lab and grabbed the syringe, popped it into a travel case, and put it in a backpack. It was one of the standard emergency kits that the haz crew always had on hand. He checked the flashlight. The battery was good.
Michael raced upstairs and paused at the front door. He didn’t have a radio. He glanced at the dining room table and noticed a note pad. He scribbled a quick note to Clem and ran out the door.
He kept following the road. When he came to a junction, he paused, uncertain which way to go. The breeze shifted slightly and he caught a whiff of exhaust. He turned up the other road and eventually found Daniel’s truck parked on the side.
He could hear Daniel moving through the brush and turned to face a wall of trees. He froze. The dark forest rose like jagged black teeth in front of him. He could just make out the dim glow of Daniel’s light moving deeper into the gloom. He couldn’t go out there. Michael shuddered. Not again.
Then he felt something. He looked around. It felt like Aden! She was out there, too! It was as if he could see her moving through the trees in Daniel’s direction. What if Daniel shot her? Worse yet - what if she attacked Daniel?
Another strange feeling touched his senses. He trembled. It had to be Duval! Michael looked again at Daniel’s fading light. He couldn’t leave him out there alone with two hungry predators converging on him. 
Michael swallowed hard and tightened the straps of the pack. He climbed down the road side and started off into the forest.
* * *

Huntress moved rapidly through the trees. She was angry. The Other was hunting the Younger again. The Younger had a bright light in his hands. The Other was pacing at the edge of its glow.
Another presence touched her senses. She paused. It was her Mate! He had come! He was also moving toward the Younger. This confused her. Were they going to feed on the Younger together? Hunger growled in her stomach, compounded by the echo of the Other. He was desperate for food.
The Younger was for the Huntress and her Mate. Not for the Other. Her Mate was almost there - she could feel him getting closer. The Younger swung the light away from where the Other crouched. The Other screamed and leapt toward the Younger.
Huntress growled deep in her throat. She ran the last few steps and launched toward the Other. She collided with him. The Younger was knocked backward. The bright light flew from his hands and crashed into a tree. Darkness was restored.
The Other curled under her as they landed. His nails reached for her throat. She screamed and dug her fingers into his face. The Other howled in agony. They both reeled away from each other.
Huntress was distressed. She could feel her Mate sharing their pain. She looked to where he’d fallen to his knees. She could feel him struggling. She turned back to the Other and hissed.
He snarled and leapt, but not toward her. His goal was the Younger, who lay sprawled unmoving on the ground. Huntress reached out and grabbed the Other. She sank her teeth into his shoulder. His blood tasted bitter. She spat it out.
He howled and rolled away, kicking out with his feet. One caught her in the shoulder. She felt the bone crush with the blow. They all screamed in unison.
The Other pulled himself over a log and slithered away.
Huntress screamed in agony as her body fought to recover from the damage the Other had done to her. She could feel her Mate sharing her pain. He was stumbling toward her. A spasm shook her body. Her Mate fell to his knees just beyond the clearing. He began crawling.
Huntress rolled in his direction, desperate to reach him. She noticed the Younger’s body. He was still alive but not awake. Hunger gnawed in her now. She had to feed! She panted with the exertion and drew her body forward toward the Younger.
“Aden! Don’t!”
Huntress was startled. She turned and looked at her Mate. He had made that sound. She was confused. Did he wish to share the Younger with her? Her gut rumbled. Her body needed food now. Her Mate could feed after her. She reached for the Younger again. 
Her Mate leapt and landed on the ground between her and the Younger. He grabbed her arm. “No! Aden, you can’t!”
She hissed and pulled back.
The Younger was beginning to stir. Her Mate glanced over at him. “Hang on, Dan. Just lie still.”
The Younger moaned. “Doc? Is that you?” His voice was weak.
Why was her Mate blocking her from the food? She became angry and leapt over her Mate’s body toward the Younger.
He turned in time to grab her. Their momentum pushed his body back into the Younger, whose head collide with something.
Huntress could smell the fresh blood in the air. She had to feed! She struggled to move past her Mate. Why was he preventing her?
Her Mate struggled to get something off of his back. Was that his problem? Well he could solve it somewhere else. She grabbed him and tried to toss him out of her way.
He hung on and pulled her with him. They rolled together across the clearing. He came to rest on top of her. His legs pinned hers. His chest pressed tightly against her own. “Aden! Stop! I’m trying to help you.”
She stopped struggling and looked up at him. She whimpered and nuzzled his arm. Couldn’t he feel her hunger?
He embraced her. “Oh, Aden.” His warmth spread across her body.
She breathed it in and relaxed. This was her Mate. She pushed her hunger aside. If he wanted her that much, why did he insist on hiding his body behind all this material? She began pulling at his shirt.
Her Mate froze. “No! Not again!” He twisted and trapped her on her side. 
She squirmed under him. Huntress was confused. What did he want?
She felt him pull the thing off of his back. It made a strange noise and ate his hand! But he pulled it out again. There was something in it now. She struggled to see but he wouldn’t let her move.
Huntress felt him tense. Something bad was going to happen. She squirmed but his hold tightened. She could see something sharp in his hand. It was the scary thing! He brought it down toward her leg.
She pulled an arm free and caught his hand. He struggled. Why did her Mate want to hurt her? She yanked his arm hard and felt his pain. They cried out together.
The sharp thing flew out of his hand and it broke against a tree. “No!”
Huntress could feel his anguish. She needed him now. She pushed him over and crawled on top of him. The thicker material that covered his loins frustrated her. 
He rolled away from her onto his injured arm. She grabbed her own arm, feeling the intensity of his pain. Had she done this to him?
Her Mate rolled away gasping. “You can feel my pain as much as I can feel yours.” He grabbed his dislocated shoulder with his good hand and tugged hard. He screamed in agony. 
Huntress howled. She couldn’t bare the pain. Not from him. She pulled away, crawled over a log, and slipped into the dark forest.
* * *

Michael shook as his body healed. He cried. Not for the pain but for the loss. She was gone again. And now he had no serum. He curled into a ball and wept.
Michael felt a hand on his back and tensed. He could feel the touch, not just the actual physical touch, but something more. It was Daniel. Michael uncurled and pushed up on his elbows so he could see him.
Daniel was lying on his side. His lips were trembling. “Doc? Are you okay?”
Michael put his head down on his hands. How was he going to explain all this to Daniel? “I’m not sure.”
“Is it gone?”
Michael trembled. She was gone! He didn’t know what to do. Daniel had said ‘it.’ Did he think it had been Duval? “I think so.”
“She’s chasing it, isn’t she?”
Michael couldn’t stop the sob. He couldn’t hold his own weight anymore. He let it fall and buried his face in his crossed arms. “I don’t know.”
Daniel put his hand on Michael’s shoulder. “How bad are you hurt?”
How was Michael going to explain that? His injuries had already healed. He pulled himself together and turned his head to face Daniel. He looked carefully, remembering the sensory overload he’d experienced with Clem. Daniel had a slight concussion and his knee was inflamed.
Michael swallowed hard. “I think I’ll live. How about you?”
“My head is ringing like a bell and my left leg isn’t very happy. Other than that, I seem to be intact.”
Michael pushed up on his elbows again and struggled to his knees. He groaned and grabbed his shoulder. It was still tender. He moved past the pain and stumbled across the clearing to where the pack had landed. He moved to pick it up and heard the crunch of glass under his foot. He looked down. It was part of the broken syringe.
He retrieved the pack and sank next to Daniel. He felt Daniel’s head and his fingers touched the blood. It tingled. Michael swallowed hard. Is that why Aden had wanted to feed on Daniel? No, this injury had happened after that. “Good thing you got a hard head. I don’t have knights or horses with me.”
Daniel managed a weak chuckle. “You’re as bad as Clem. What is it with you medical types, always cracking jokes?”
Michael pulled a gauze wrap out of the kit and bandaged Daniel’s head. “Haven’t you ever heard that laughter is the best medicine?”
“I thought that was just a joke.”
 “Very funny. Now let me have a look at your leg.”
Daniel started to roll. He hissed in pain. 
Michael helped him ease his leg around. Daniel’s pain wasn’t nearly as intense as Aden’s and Duval’s had been. Michael was too tired to try to process that. He carefully felt the leg and found the damage to the knee. “I don’t think anything is broken. It feels like you pulled some muscles.” He started digging through the first aid kit for an elastic wrap.
Daniel grabbed his arm. Michael looked at him. Daniel was crying. “Thanks.”
“For what?”
“For saving my life.”
“No problem.” Michael looked around the clearing. He couldn’t feel Duval or Aden. They must have gone some distance away. He had no idea how far that sense could reach or how it worked. He looked down at Daniel. “I’ve got to find a way to get you out of here. I’m not even sure where we are.”
Daniel pointed in the direction Duval and Aden had disappeared. “I think Mule Creek is over there.”
Michael remembered that drainage all too well. This wasn’t going to be easy getting Daniel out of here. He noticed the portable on Daniel’s belt. “Can I borrow your radio?”
Daniel pulled it off and handed it to him. “I don’t know if you’ll be able to hit a repeater from here. We’re kind of tucked in. Try pressing the button until you get a little static when you let it go.”
Michael pressed it. He didn’t hear anything. He walked away from the jumble of rocks and tried again. Still nothing. He didn’t want to get too far away from Daniel. He went a little farther and pressed the button again. The radio hissed with static. He forced himself to relax and keyed the radio. “Rescue One. Can you hear me?”
“Doc! Is that you?” Clem’s voice sounded scratchy.
“I’m with Daniel. He’s banged up but in one piece. He says we’re near Mule Creek. I’m going to help him out. Hopefully he can get us to the road.”
“I copy that. We got another storm coming in. Watch yourself. I’m on my way.” Clem signed off.
Michael clipped the radio to his belt. He made his way back to Daniel, thankful that he could feel him as he got close. He felt Daniel tense. Michael whistled before he came into the clearing.
Daniel whistled back. He was leaning against the rock with the rifle in his hands. “I’m glad you whistled.” He lowered the rifle.
Michael tried not to look at the gun. He picked up his pack. “I got through to Clem. He’s going to bring the squad as far as he can on the road. Let’s get headed in that direction.” He held out his hand to Daniel.
Daniel grabbed it and let Michael hoist him to his feet. He took a couple tentative steps. “It’s not too bad with it wrapped.”
“I’ll help you. Put your arm over my shoulder.” He shifted the pack so that Daniel could get a grip.
Daniel checked the safety on the gun and used it to support his other side. He took the lead. He obviously knew where he was going. He looked over at Michael. “Why did you follow me?”
Michael didn’t have a good answer. “It seemed like the right thing to do.”
They struggled together through the brush. The wind began to pick up. Daniel looked at the sky. “I think we’ve got a storm coming in.”
“Clem warned me about that.” Daniel slipped and Michael caught him. “How’s the knee?”
Daniel gritted his teeth. “I’m surviving.”
Michael looked around. He still didn’t feel them. They should be safe for the moment. He noticed a log not far from them. “Do you need to rest?”
“Just for a few.”
Michael helped him over and eased him down onto the log. Daniel’s radio crackled and Michael grabbed it.
Clem’s voice came through the static. “Rescue One to Doc M.”
Daniel chuckled through his gasps. “It’s for you.”
Michael keyed the radio. “We’re here.”
“Joe and I are on the way. We’re just headed up the east valley road now. What’s going to be the closest intercept point?”
Michael handed the radio to Daniel. He grinned and took it. “On the Thirty Ten where it crosses Mule.”
“Good to hear you. We’ll be there in about twenty.”
Daniel looked around. “I think it’s going to take us longer than that. We’ll move towards Mule and drop down into the creek bed. It will be easier traveling.”
“Is that wise?” Joseph’s voice sounded concerned.
Daniel felt in his pocket. Michael could hear the metallic chink of the gun shells. “I got six in the chamber and ten in my pocket. And Big A is up here somewhere. She’s got the Beast on the run.”
“You’ve seen her?” Clem’s voice sounded tense.
Daniel looked up at Michael. “I could swear that was Aden.”
He didn’t know what to say. He swallowed hard. “I’m not sure. It was dark. Everything happened so fast. Maybe it was her.”
Daniel keyed the radio. “We’re not sure.”
Clem acknowledged and signed off.
Daniel handed the radio back to Michael. “You should hang on to this for now.” He looked down. “I’ve been owing you an apology.”
Michael clipped the radio to his belt. “What for?”
“Being such an ass. Aden was never mine to have.” Daniel closed his eyes. He carefully flexed his leg then looked up at him. “Can you forgive me?”
Michael felt uncomfortable. “Not an issue.” He looked around. “You ready to move?”
Daniel used his gun to push off the log. “Let’s go.”
The wind whipped around them and drove the first few raindrops down on their backs. Michael could feel the storm bearing down on them. He grabbed Daniel around the waist and did the best he could to help him through the thrashing bushes.
Daniel led them toward the edge of the gully. “Here’s Mule. Once we’re down there, it will get a little easier.”
Michael looked down the steep side of the ravine. It was covered in brush. The rain had picked up, making everything slick. “This is going to be a trick.” He looked at Daniel. “You’d better let me go first.” He let go of his hold on him and stepped over the edge, testing his footing. He looked back. “It’s not so bad.” He moved his other foot and felt the world slip out from under him.
Michael tumbled down the side, bouncing along as he found the rocks partially buried in the tall grasses. He finally came to rest at the bottom. Her chest burned. He hoped he hadn’t broken anything. His body worked to recover.
A hand touched his head. He opened his eyes to find Daniel looking down at him. “Remind me not to take you dancing. That was pretty spectacular. How bad are you broken?”
Michael moved cautiously. He groaned as he sat up. He managed a fill his lungs. “Does that go under watch that first step?”
Daniel chuckled. “Something like that.” He eased down next to him. “You going to make it?”
Michael could hear the fear in Daniel’s voice. He closed his eyes. “I’ll live. Just give me a minute to catch my breath.” He felt along his arms and legs to make Daniel happy.
Daniel sighed and looked around. “Aden’s been out here three days.”
Michael looked over at him. “Do you think she’s all right?”
“Aden? Hell ya.” He picked up a rock and threw it at the creek. “She grew up out here. She can survive for weeks if she needs to.”
Michael could feel Daniel’s fear for her. He knew Daniel loved her. He closed his eyes and reached outward. He could feel her! He gasped and rolled to his feet.” We have to get moving!”
Daniel struggled to rise and Michael reached down and pulled him up. Daniel looked around. “What is it?”
The wind rose, forcing the rain down on them harder. Michael could feel her moving down the creek bed in their direction. She was still some ways off. He looked over at Daniel. He had to get him out of there before she showed up. “I thought I heard something. Let’s go.”
Daniel looked at him. “You okay to walk?”
Michael grinned. “I’ve tumbled down metal stairs on several occasions. This was a little softer.”
Daniel tried not to lean too much weight on him. He kept an eye on the banks above them. “You and Aden were together back in Portland.”
Michael swallowed hard. It hadn’t been a question. He wasn’t sure how much Aden had told him. “Ya, for a couple years.”
Daniel tensed but kept walking. “We always had this special relationship when we were kids. It was more like best buds. We built tree houses, went fishing, hiked around.” He looked over at Michael. “Did you ever do stuff like that with her?”
Michael thought back to the conversation he’d overheard between Daniel and Cindy. It was beginning to make sense. “I can’t say we ever played in trees or did any fishing. She did like to walk through the park.”
Daniel was quiet for awhile as they negotiated a difficult area around a log jam. He kept Michael from ending up in the stream. Daniel was struggling to breathe. Michael realized he was crying. Daniel wiped his face. “Aden and I were best friends once.”
Michael put a hand on his shoulder. “I’m pretty sure she still thinks of you that way.”
Daniel’s eyes were glassy. “I’ve got to find her.”
“We will. Count on it.”
They came to a series of small step waterfalls where the creek bounced over several large flattened rocks that the endless swirl of water had carved pools into. The rock was slippery and the gully narrowed to steep sides. Michael realized he and Joseph had been here not long ago. “This place looks so different in the dark.”
“The storm isn’t helping either. The water level is up. We’re going to have to be careful.”
Michael helped him over the first small cascade. “How’s you’re leg doing?”
“I’m managing.” Daniel hobbled toward the second. “Watch you’re step here.” He started over the second little waterfall and disappeared.
Michael heard him fall. “Hang on, Dan!” He slipped over the edge and found Daniel sitting in a pool of water.
“And I was complaining about you’re lack of grace.” His laughter held a note of tension.
Michael pulled him out and knelt next to him. He felt along the bandaged leg. “How’s it doing?”
“It’s seen better days.”
Michael could feel Daniel’s pain. He could also feel how cold he was. “We have to keep moving. Come on. Arm over my shoulder.” Michael helped him down the last two shorter steps.
Daniel was gasping by the time they got to the bottom. “I don’t think I can do it.”
Michael eased him down onto the gravel. “Let me redo the bandage on your knee. That may help. These elastic wraps don’t like getting wet.”
Daniel leaned back against a boulder. “If you think it will help.”
Michael unrolled the wrap. He noticed the jeans were already ripped. “These aren’t your favorite pants, are they?”
“No. Why?”
Michael ripped them along the seam so he could expose the injured joint. He put his hands on the knee. He could feel the damage.
Daniel hissed. “That smarts.”
“Hang on. I’m going to try to reduce some of the tension on it.” Michael massaged the leg carefully. He allowed himself to feel the muscles but not go any farther. He found the tear and worked that area carefully. He gently increased the capillary flow to the region. He could feel the improved circulation. He remembered the images from old textbooks and sought the nerves, coaxing them to stop the feedback loop they had created.
Daniel relaxed. “You’re going to have to teach Clem that trick.”
Michael swallowed and focused on the world around him. He felt Aden and looked up. She was watching him from several ledges above. He gasped. She disappeared.
“Michael? What is it?”
A strong gust of wind blew her scent down to him. She was still there. His senses tingled. He looked at Daniel. “I think the storm is picking up. I’m going to wrap this again. We’ll see if that helps.” He quickly rolled the bandage directly onto Daniel’s knee.
Daniel looked down at it. “It feels better already.” His voice shook.
Michael could feel how cold Daniel had gotten. “Okay. Let’s try some weight.” He helped Daniel stand. “How is it?”
Daniel looked at him. “Aden was right. You really are an amazing doctor.”
Michael shook his head. “Let’s go.”
They started down the creek bed again. The storm increased. It pressed down on them, forcing them to stoop under its weight. The sides grew darker. Michael realized the forest had closed in around them.
The trees along the bank creaked and moaned in the wind. Michael’s gut tightened. The branches reached out nightmarish hands and the wind snapped the twigs together like gnashing teeth. Voices from his past mumbled through the night. His foot snagged on something and he fell forward.
A hand grabbed his arm. The nightmare came back. It felt way too real. He curled, trying to protect himself. “No!”
“Hey, Doc? Are you all right?”
Michael heard his little brother ahead of him in the forest. “Run! You have to get away!”
Someone dropped beside him. Arms pulled at him. “I’m not leaving you here!”
Michael couldn’t breathe. He knew this part of the nightmare too well. He knew the pain that was coming. “No! Leave me alone!”
The trees screamed in protest as the wind whipped through them. “Come on, Michael. We got to get out of here!”
Michael could feel the fingers ripping at his clothing. The forest echoed with the laughter of the nightmare. He tried to resist.
Someone was holding him and crying. “Come on, man. I don’t know what’s going on with you but we got to get moving. The Beast could be coming.” A hand found his forehead. “Michael?”
He opened his eyes and saw a very different face than the one he was expecting. Daniel was shielding him from the worst of the storm. Michael could feel his concern. “Dan?”
“I’m here.”
Michael was shaking. He looked around. They were in the gully. This was Mule Creek, not that forest from his childhood. He felt her. She was close! “We have to get out of here.”
“Thank you. That was my thought exactly.” Daniel let him go.
Michael crawled to his feet and helped Dan up. He could feel Aden. She was confused. He looked in her direction. He could just make out her form in the dense foliage. Her heat was a bright silhouette. He grabbed Dan and began pulling him down the streambed.
“What were you all freaked out about back there?”
Dan’s question caught him off guard. He slid. Daniel caught him. He looked at Daniel. “I’ve never been able to tell anyone, not even my little brother.”
Daniel pointed at an obstacle ahead. “We should cross here.” He helped him through the cold water. “You got a little brother?”
Michael was paying attention to the ground. “Ya, his name is Matt. The last time we saw each other, things didn’t go so well.”
Daniel slipped and Michael caught him. “Thanks.” He paused for a moment and leaned over, sucking in air. “You should do something about that.” He looked down the stream. “I wished I had made up with my dad sooner.”
Michael closed his eyes. The trees above groaned. He gasped and lost his balance.
Daniel grabbed him. “I got you.” He looked up. “You don’t care for trees much, do you?”
“Not really.” He could feel Aden drawing closer. “We got to keep going. You ready?”
“I’m good.” He let Michael pull him to his feet. “Something bad happen to you in a forest?”
Michael tensed. “Something like that.” His foot slipped on a rock and he went down. He felt his leg twist under him and gasped in pain. Aden screamed behind them.
“Holy shit! The Beast is right behind us!” Daniel raised his gun.
Michael panicked. The pain from his leg was intense. He could feel Aden sharing it. He got it straightened and gritted his teeth as it mended. He could hear Aden’s low moans. “Dan! We can’t risk the shot. Aden could be up there somewhere.”
Daniel lowered his rifle. “How bad is your leg?”
“Not that bad.” It was almost fully healed. There was only a little lingering pain. He could feel Aden inching closer.
The radio crackled to life. “Rescue One to Doc M.”
Michael pulled it off his belt. “Clem! Glad to hear you.”
“You don’t sound so good. What’s your status?”
Michael looked around. “How close are we to the road, Dan?”
“About a quarter mile.”
Michael relayed that. “We’re both a little worse for wear but we’re moving.”
“Copy that. Joe and I are going to come up the creek bed toward you. Do the best you can.” He signed off.
Michael got to his feet and tested his leg. It held his weight. He reached for Daniel. “Let’s go.”
Daniel grabbed on and came up. “We got something behind us.”
Michael was well aware of that. The wind ripped down the gully sending a swirl of small twigs down on them. He almost lost it.
Daniel put an arm around his waist. “I got you.”
Michael gasped. “Don’t do that!”
Daniel let him go. “What’s up? Is it your leg?”
“No.” Michael felt the panic ripple through his body. “It’s what was done to me once, a long time ago.” He grabbed Daniel’s arm. “Come on. We’ve got to find Clem and Joe.”
They struggled along together. Daniel looked over at him. “Did someone hurt you?” The tone of his voice was gentle.
Michael shook. The nightmare threatened to possess him. “I told Matty to run.” They navigated a narrow passage between rocks. “I knew he would catch Matt if I didn’t stop.” Michael pushed the rain and tears out of his eyes. He slid on a wet log.
Daniel grabbed him and kept him upright. Michael could hear his teeth chattering. Daniel paused and looked back. “If it was the Beast, it would have pounced on us by now.”
Michael leaned on a boulder. He could see Aden following them at a distance. He didn’t have the syringe. It was gone. He started to cry.
Daniel put a hand on Michael’s shoulder. “Hey. I would never do anything like that to you.”
Michael turned and looked at him. “I know.” He buried his face in his arm.
“Who was it?”
“My step-father.”
“Where is this guy? I’ll have him arrested.”
Michael managed a tight laugh. “You can’t. He’s dead. He disappeared under mysterious circumstances a few days later.”
“Oh.” Daniel looked down the creek. “There’s a light! Clem? Joe?”
Clem’s whistle echoed up the gully. Michael had never felt so relieved. He looked over at Daniel. “I don’t think I have the strength to whistle.”
Daniel grinned. “Allow me.” He whistled loudly. He clapped Michael on the shoulder. “Let’s get out of here.”
Michael grabbed Daniel’s arm and helped him toward the light coming up the stream bed. He saw Clem in the lead. He had a large pack strapped to his back. Joseph followed with a smaller pack, an assault rifle, and a torch.
Clem quickened his pace. “Great night you two pick for a hike.”
Michael felt Duval a heartbeat before he pounced. “Clem! Look out!” Michael jumped forward and pulled Clem away from Duval’s reach.
Daniel shoved his gun into Duval’s side and pulled the trigger. The bullet ripped through Duval’s body. He screamed and grabbed the gun out of Daniel’s hand. Daniel lost his balance and fell backward.
Michael was doubled over in agony. He could feel her sharing the pain. Duval turned and snarled at him. Michael saw Aden leap. She tackled Duval and they went rolling into the mud together.
Clem had grabbed Daniel to keep his head out of the creek. “Joe! Be careful! It’s Aden!”
Joseph focused the beam on the two fighting predators. Duval screamed and pushed Aden away. The rifle boomed up the creek bed and Duval howled. His cry overpowered both Michael’s and Aden’s. Aden collapsed and Duval staggered away from the light.
Michael’s body burned. He turned his head and could see Aden withering in pain. He crawled to her. “Aden.” She was too weak to resist. He could see the deep gashes in her side. He could feel them. He pulled her close to his body and she clung to him.
Joseph ran right past them in the dark. He stopped next to Clem. Daniel was just getting up. Joseph looked around. “Where’s Michael and Aden?”
Clem looked lost. “I’m not sure. I think Michael pulled her away from Duval.”
Daniel got up. “You got him, Joe! Did you see it? I think we got a chance!” Daniel took off up the creek bed. “Come on! Let’s finish this.”
Clem looked at Joseph. “Go with him. I’ll look for Michael and Aden.”
Joseph took off after Daniel and Clem moved across the creek bed in their direction. “Michael? Where are you?”
Michael felt Aden tense beside him. He grabbed her and held her tight. “No! Aden, it’s all right. It’s Clem. He’s not going to hurt you.”
Clem stopped. “Have you got the serum with you? I found your note.”
“I did have.” Michael swallowed hard. “Until she broke the syringe back up on the ridge.”
Clem swore. “So what are you going to do?”
Michael struggled to keep Aden trapped in his embrace. “That’s a good question. What am I going to do?” He looked down at her. He wasn’t going to let her go again. “She’s got no control of what’s happening to her.”
She looked up at him and hissed.
Michael could feel her confusion and her desperation. He could also feel her need to feed. He swallowed hard. What if she fed on him? He remembered a passage he’d found in Jack’s notebook. “There may be a way.”
Clem looked over at him. “I don’t know if I like the sound of that. I’m hearing way too much desperation in that tone.”
“There’s a passage in Jack’s notebook. It talks about the blood of life.” He looked down at Aden. “It has to be fed to the newborn to bring them to the light.”
Clem frowned. “That sounds like some religious mumbo jumbo to me.”
“They wouldn’t have had syringes back then. That’s what the chemical formula was for. The blood. It’s the serum. My blood.”
“What! Michael! Are you out of your mind?”
Aden withered in his arms. He could feel her pain and her need. But he could also feel something more. She was struggling not to bite him! Michael pulled her close. “Stay with me, Aden!” He could feel the heat of her skin. He looked over at Clem. “She’s burning up.”
Clem was shaking. “If she bites you, you could die.”
“She’ll die if I don’t let her feed on me.” Something touched his raw senses. Was he feeling the echo of hers as well? He could feel them. They were coming back! He felt her shaking. What would they think if they saw her like this? “Clem, they’re coming back. Take Joe and Dan and get them out of here.” 
Clem glanced in the direction that the two men had disappeared then looked back at Michael. “I’m not leaving you alone with her.”
Michael’s muscles screamed under tension as she squirmed to escape. She was feeling them, too. “I have to protect her. Think about what they would do to her if they found out. They’d kill her.”
“She could kill you!”
He knew time was running out. “You’ve got to delay them somehow.” He struggled to slip what remained of his jacket and shirt off of his shoulder without letting go of Aden. “I don’t know how to get her to do this but I know she needs it.”
Clem’s eyes went wide. “No! There has to be another way!”
Michael could feel her need so deeply that he trembled with it himself. She was desperate to feed. She looked up at him. Her mouth was salivating. He didn’t take his eyes off of her. “Army, get out of here. Go now.” He looked down into Aden’s eyes. “Come on, Baby, you need this blood.”
Clem rushed forward and grabbed his arm. “Michael! This is crazy!”
“You don’t understand, Clem. I have to do this. My blood is her serum.”
“And if you’re wrong?”
Her eyes were locked with his now. He could feel her. “It’s all I’ve got. I can’t let her go again. My life isn’t worth living without her. I’d rather die.” Michael used the last of his strength to grab the back of Aden’s head. He could feel her resistance fighting against the most basic of needs. She was still there. He pulled Aden’s head toward his shoulder. She looked up at him with tears in her eyes. “At some point you’re gonna have to stop her. I might not be strong enough.”
* * *

Huntress was going insane! Why was her Mate doing this? She could smell the fear of the Pale One. She could taste his tainted scent. Is that why her Mate refused to feed on him? But why would he want her to feed on his own blood?
The need was becoming too great. The pressure of his hand forced her head down to his shoulder. She could smell his blood just under the skin. Her body shook with need. She was desperately hungry. It was too much!
Huntress sank her teeth into her Mate’s neck. She felt his pain and heard his muffled scream through his clenched jaws. His body arched backward but his arms clung to her. His blood flowed down her throat. Her body responded and she pulled the bitter taste inward. The desperate need to feed had won.
She was barely aware of the Pale One. He hovered over them. His body radiated fear. “Michael!” His arms reached out and supported the side of her Mate.
She could feel her Mate’s heart waning as she pulled the blood from him. She had to stop! She struggled against the lingering tendrils of hunger. Something else was happening in her body.
The Pale One grabbed her head and pulled it away from her Mate’s shoulder. She didn’t resist. The pain was growing in her core. It reached through her like claws shredding the fabric of her soul. She cried out in agony and felt her Mate slump against her. What had she done?
Huntress tried to reach for him but the pain stabbed her deeply. It tore down her limbs like racing fire. Her body burned. She arched her back and would have fallen. The Pale One caught her and pulled her to himself. She could feel her Mate beside her in the Pale One’s other arm. The Pale One had a hand under each of their throats, supporting their chins. She could hear the whispery sounds he was making.
“Come on! You gotta breathe. Damn you, Michael! Don’t you dare go dying on me! Come on, Aden! Come back. You have to.” His hot tears spilled down her neck.
The pain blotted out everything but his quiet litany. She focused on it. The sounds began to have meaning. They were words. She could feel all their hearts beating as if they were one organism. The pain echoed beside her. He was in pain yet sharing her pain! The intensity grew and overpowered her senses. Blackness reached out for her like sharp dark teeth.
 “Aden!” His gasping cry was like a thunder clap. Something touched her hand. She heard his thin whispers. “Feel my touch. I’m here.”
The sound reverberated in her head like a crashing wave. She struggled to get her fingers to move. Her mouth was sour. Bile rose in her throat and she gagged.
“Easy there, girl!”
She felt her body falling forward but it never hit. Something was holding her suspended. The bile burned her throat. She fought against it but lost. Her gut heaved. She coughed it out.
“Have you got her, Clem?” His voice was weak and trembling.
“I got her.” She felt the arm supporting her shaking under her weight.
She could hear them both struggling. They were near exhaustion. Her body spasmed with pain. She cried out and he cried with her. The echo rolled through her soul. The realization was shocking. What had she done!
Fingers crawled across her arm. “Aden? Can you hear me?” It was Michael’s voice.
She’d bitten him! Her stomach retched again. She could feel the hot blood coming back up. It was his blood! The memories overflowed and pulled her under. How could she have done this?
“Michael! She’s crashing! I got to let you go, Buddy!”
“Do it. I’m all right. Help her!” He rolled to the ground beside her. “Aden! Please hang on!”
Hands supported her. Something wiped her face. “She’s not breathing!” Air was forced into her lungs. “Come on, Aden!” Another forced breath.
“You’ve got to breathe! Aden, please!” His faint voice was desperate.
Fingers touched her throat. “Damn! No pulse!”
She was aware of the ground under her back. Something deep in her mind told her that she shouldn’t be able to feel it. But it was there.
Strong hands pressed on her chest. Their rhythm was a strong pulse that forced her heart to move. There was a slight pause as air was pushed into her lungs. The rhythmic pressure returned.
She could feel Michael beside her on the ground. She could hear his heart beating and feel his exhalations on the side of her face. “Aden. Come back to me.” His ragged whisper tore her soul. His fingers wrapped around hers. “You have to breathe.”
More air was forced into her lungs. She felt the blood moving in her heart. Her body spasmed and her diaphragm pulled taut, drawing her chest muscles with it.
“That’s it! Come on, girl! Fight!” Clem’s fingers held her chin and kept her airway open. “How are you doing over there, Buddy?”
She felt him moving beside her. “I’m here.” His voice was quiet but so close that it deafened her. His fingers touched her face. “Aden. I’m here.”
She couldn’t form any words. Her face felt numb. She felt unconnected to her own body. Her heartbeat echoed in her ears and the air moving through her passageways was a tide that ebbed and flowed.
She felt Michael beside her. She could feel his pain! She had hurt him! Her chest compressed and refused to expand.
“No you don’t!” Clem’s hands pushed on her chest again. “Michael, can you keep her airway open?”
His hands moved to her neck. She felt his breath on her face. “Tell me when.”
“I’m not counting. Jump in any time.”
Air was forced into her lungs. He was breathing for her! Why? After what she had done to him, she didn’t deserve to live.
His air filled her lungs again. She could feel how weak he was. His lips touched the side of her face. “Please, Aden. Don’t leave me.”
Uncertainty fought within her. He wanted her to live. She could feel his need for her. His fingers traced the side of her face. His whispers begged her to keep trying.
He forced air into her lungs again. “Aden!” His head rested on her shoulder. “What have I done? What if I was wrong?” Tears dampened her neck.
The hands on her chest continued to pump. She could feel how tired they were. “Michael, I’m going to pause. Check her pulse.” The pressure stopped.
Her heart kept going. Her lungs pulled on their own.
Michael leaned over her face and kissed her forehead. “She’s hanging on.”
Aden heard Clem lean back. She could feel his exhaustion. They were both struggling to keep her alive.
Michael touched her body. “She’s cold.”
“I’ve got something that will help.” She could hear Clem rummaging in a pack. “Here. Help me spread this over her.”
Michael helped tuck the blanket around her. He curled around her and pulled her close. He was humming softly. She recognized the melody. He put his lips to her ear. “Please give me a chance, come back to me. Don’t give up on life, look up and see. I’m here to hold you and I won’t let you go. There’s nothing to fear above or below.” He choked on his words.
She could feel him crying. She swallowed. The pain was receding, leaving her nerves raw. She felt the reverberation in the ground. The footsteps were getting closer.
Michael lifted his head from beside her. “Clem. They’re almost here. What are we going to tell them?”
She could feel Clem sitting beside her. He touched her neck. “At least she seems to be holding her own for the moment.” He gave the blanket a few extra tucks.
She felt the footsteps clearly now. There were two sets. One began to run in their direction. The bushes rattled. The ground shook as he dropped to his knees beside Clem. “What happened? Why didn’t you get her down to the rescue squad?”
Clem gasped. “Danny Boy, how many of me do you see? If it’s more than one you’re going to need your eyes checked.”
The other set of footsteps stopped at her feet. “How is she?” Joseph’s voice was quiet.
Clem sighed deeply. “She’s stable for the moment.”
Joseph knelt. “And Michael?”
She felt him stir beside her. “I’ll live.” His voice was weak. His body trembled. She could feel his hunger.
Aden stiffened. She had fed on him and now he was starving! His body needed food. She had bitten him!
“Whoa, girl! What happened?” Clem’s hands grabbed her neck and forced her head back.
Michael struggled to his elbows. “Aden! No! Not again!”
Daniel gasped. “What’s going on?”
Michael’s fingers pressed on her neck. “I can’t find her pulse.”
“You’re not strong enough to do compressions. You manage her airway.” Clem’s hands found her chest and began the rhythmic dance over her heart.
Michael’s lips covered hers. His warm air forced its way into her lungs. He rested his head on hers. “Please, Baby. Please breathe.”
She could hear Daniel panicking. “How bad is she hurt? What happened?”
Joseph rose. She could hear him dragging Daniel back. “Let Clem and Michael work. They know what they’re doing.”
“Joe! Why is this happening?”
“She’s been out here too long. Her body is shutting down from exposure.”
“No! She can’t die!” She heard Daniel pull away from Joe and crawl to her side. “Aden! You’ve got to live. You have to help me track the Beast. He killed Dad. I need your help!”
The memories were overwhelming. She felt the paper-thin skin of Emma. She tasted Sam’s blood in her mouth. She had killed them! She didn’t deserve to live!
Daniel’s fingers curled around her own. “Please, Aden! You’ve got to live!” He was crying for her. Why? He didn’t know what she had done! His tears dampened the back of her hand.
Clem kept pushing on her chest. She could feel his tired muscles burning. “Michael, check her pulse.” His voice echoed his exhaustion.
Michael’s breathing was labored. He needed to feed. She gasped with the realization. Air filled her lungs. Michael touched her face. “Yes! Clem, pause a moment.” His fingers searched her neck. “We got her back!”
Her heart beat in time with his. She didn’t resist as her chest expanded and her lungs filled.
Michael sagged beside her. She felt his lips on the side of her face. “Please don’t give up.”
Daniel’s fingers tightened around her own. “Come on, Big A! I know you’ve got it in you! Fight!” His voice was deep and ragged. “Like when you pulled me out of the river. Remember? You wouldn’t let me give up. Well, now it’s my turn. I’m not going to let you give up. You keep breathing!”
She felt fingers take her other hand. “We’re here. Feel my touch.” Joseph’s voice was quiet and confident.
Daniel’s lips touched the back of her hand. “That thing is going to pay. I’m going to hunt it down and find some way to stop it. I swear. I will.” He rested his forehead on the back of her hand.
Aden realized she could feel him! Duval was creeping closer. He wanted to feed on them! No! She wouldn’t let him. Anger rose in her. Her body shook with it. She was going to tear him to tiny pieces so small that nothing would be able to put him back together.
She felt the echo of his fear. He knew! She felt him run away. Let him run! She would find him. She willed her heart to beat and her lungs to breathe. She squeezed tight around Daniel’s fingers and Joseph’s hand.
Joseph gasped. “That’s it, Aden. Fight!”
* * *

Michael felt Duval’s presence diminish. He looked up at Clem’s concerned face. There was no way to explain to him what had happened with Daniel and Joseph there. “Everything is going to be okay.”
Clem frowned and glanced toward the other two. “We just have to keep her going.”
Michael remembered his own struggle to recover. He didn’t know how many times he’d crashed. Clem had brought him back each time. He realized his body was shaking. He struggled to control it. She could feel it. That wasn’t helping her.
Daniel looked at Clem. “How are we going to get her out of here?”
Clem grabbed his backpack. “This isn’t your ordinary pack, Danny Boy. A buddy of mine from back east sent this to me.” He was undoing the fasteners around the edge of the pack. It fell apart. Clem unfolded the back rest into a basic stretcher. “No field surgeon should be without one.”
Michael glanced at Daniel and Joseph then looked back at Clem. “Army. There are only four of us. You and I are in rough shape and Dan is walking on a wrapped knee.”
Daniel stood up. “I’m fine. I’ll carry her out by myself if I need to.”
Clem sighed. “Calm down. Doc is just reminding me that this isn’t going to be a picnic. This litter is designed for six people to carry.” He looked at Michael. “It just means I add a little extra binding.” He grabbed his backpack and pulled out a roll of duct tape. “When all else fails, pull and stick.”
Michael bent over laughing. He looked at Aden. Her eyes were open. “Hey, Baby. We’re going to get you out of here.” She was struggling. He leaned close. “I know it’s hard. Just hang on.” He kissed her.
Clem got the stretcher secured and they lifted her onto it. Michael was shaking. Joseph put a hand on his shoulder. He passed him a canteen. “You need this.”
“Thank you.” Michael made sure to keep the opening away from his mouth. He didn’t want to take any chances. There was still too much he didn’t know about the virus. He pulled a clean gauze pad from the first aid kit and poured some water on it then passed the canteen to Clem. He used the pad to moisten Aden’s lips and squeezed a few drops into her mouth.
Joseph handed him something wrapped in a cloth napkin. “Sorry they’re cold. It’s just what I could grab as we headed out the door.”
Michael unwrapped it and found a roll stuffed with shredded meat. He took a bite and ate slowly. He knew how much he needed the food. He looked over at Aden. She needed to eat but was this going to be too much for her? He leaned next to her. He could feel her. She was awake.
Aden opened her eyes and looked at him. A tear escaped from the corner. He wiped it away.
Michael broke off a small piece of the bread. “Do you want to try this?” 
Clem pulled something from his pack. “Doc? Try this instead. She’s not up to anything that solid.”
Michael took the little packet. “What is it?”
“Honey mixed with some electrolytes. She needs the simple sugars.”
Michael tore open the packet and put it in her mouth. She managed to suck on it and swallow.
Her mouth moved. She tried to say something. He leaned closer. “You need to eat.” Her whisper was weak.
Michael wet his fingers in the stream and rinsed some of the dirt from her face. “I am. Don’t worry.” He finished off the sandwich.
Clem buckled the last strap and looked at Michael. “I’m going to balance this as best I can. I’ll take this side at the head and put Dan over there. You follow him on that side and Joe will follow me.” He looked over at Daniel. “We’re still a ways from the squad. You ready?”
“I can handle it.” He looked around. “The Beast likes to use this creek bed. We should really get moving.”
Clem looked over at Michael. “Are we okay?”
Michael knew what he was really asking. “I’ll let you know if we have a problem.”
“Fair enough.” Clem slipped what was left of his backpack on while explaining to Daniel and Joseph how they were going to carry the stretcher. He looked at Daniel. “Doc says he wrapped your knee. How’s it doing?”
Daniel tested it. “I’m walking.” He moved to the head of the stretcher and looked down at Aden. “Hey, Big A. We’re going to get you out of here.”
Michael could feel her response. He looked at Clem and nodded. Clem looked at each of them. “On my count.”
They lifted her up and started down the gully. It was a challenge in the dark. Joseph had given his torch to Clem and Michael had given his flashlight to Daniel.
Aden moved in and out of consciousness. Michael tried to keep half focused on her and the rest on where they were going.
Daniel kept talking to her. It was like a rolling history of their childhood. It sounded to him like Daniel had gotten into plenty of scrapes and Aden had usually got him out.
They had to lift her over a fallen log at one point. It was tough with just four of them. Daniel jumped over the log and looked back at Michael. “You look like hell. How are you holding up?”
Michael lifted the stretcher forward and scrambled over the log after it. “I’m surviving.”
Daniel grinned. “Good to hear.” He turned back and looked down at Aden. “You know he’s a lot like you. He saved my lousy hide tonight, too.”
They came to the stretch of the creek where the forest closed overhead again. Michael looked up at the branches and stumbled. Daniel turned around and grabbed him. “Clem, hold up.”
Michael felt the tendrils of the old nightmare reaching down for him. Daniel gripped his arm tightly. “It’s okay, Mike. You’re not alone. We’re here with you.”
Michael looked up at Daniel. He got his breathing under control. “Thanks, Dan.” He struggled back to his feet.
Daniel didn’t let go until he was sure Michael had his balance. “We’re almost out of here. Just follow me.” He turned around and readjusted his grip on the stretcher. He looked over at Clem. “When you’re ready.”
Clem looked back at Michael and nodded. “Let’s finish up this little jaunt.”
Michael was almost staggering when Clem called his name. He glanced at Clem. He was grinning. “We made it.”
Michael looked up. The rescue squad was parked on the bridge in front of them. He looked down at Aden. She was asleep. He sighed. That was a good thing.
The last fight was getting out of the gully. Daniel slid on the loose gravel and Michael caught him. He could feel Daniel’s pain as they made contact. He gasped and Aden was instantly awake.
She reached for him. “Michael?”
He knew she could feel his pain. He didn’t want to make it worse. “Hang on, Aden.” He readjusted his grip on Daniel. “Clem! Hold up.”
Clem turned to see what had happened. “Joe. Let’s take it down.” The moment she was on the ground, Clem rushed over to their side and helped Michael with Daniel.
Daniel was grimacing. “This is no fun.”
Michael struggled to keep his grip on to him. The pain was overwhelming. “Hang on, Dan. We’ve got you.”
Clem pulled Daniel out of his arms. The relief was intense. Michael fell to his knees next to the litter. Clem called to Joseph. “Let’s get Dan up the hill first and then we’ll come back for Aden.”
Michael felt her fingers wrap around his. He looked down at her. He could see her confusion. How was he going to explain all of this to her? “Don’t worry. We’re almost out of here.”
Clem and Joseph came back. Clem put a hand on Michael’s shoulder. “You’re not in much better shape. Here’s what we’re going to do. I’ve got some lines tied off at the top. You’re going to scramble up there and pull the ropes with Dan while Joe and I handle the back side.”
“I’m too tired to argue with you.”
Clem grinned. “Good answer. Get up there. Dan will show you what to do.”
Michael gave Aden’s hand a squeeze. “I’ll see you at the top.” He let her go and crawled up the slope.
Dan was waiting for him. “A rope for you and a rope for me. Our job is to just keep them taut.”
Michael sat down next to Daniel. “Let’s do it.”
They hauled Aden up the hill. Clem already had the wheeled stretcher out. He unfastened the restraints and they shifted her on to the other stretcher. Clem did a fast check on vitals. “Okay. Let’s get you home.” They got the wheeled stretcher into the back of the rescue squad. Clem patted Michael on the shoulder. “You ride in back with her and Dan. I’ll drop Joe off at Dan’s truck and he’ll drive it back to town.”
Michael nodded and climbed into the back. Daniel was sitting next to Aden’s head. He was holding her hand and talking to her quietly. Michael was worried at first but he could feel Aden’s need for Daniel. It confused him. He kept his distance.
Clem and Joe got in and started down the bumpy road. Daniel leaned forward and rested his head next to Aden’s on the pillow. “I’ve been thinking about what you said at the school the other night.” He pushed a stray hair out of her face. “I still love you.”
Michael felt Aden tense. He started to lean forward in case she crashed.
Daniel swallowed hard. “You’re like my sister. I love you like that. I always have. I know you have Michael. He’s a good guy. And I’ve got Cindy and we got this baby coming now.” He choked up and closed his eyes. Michael realized he was crying.
Aden had relaxed. She touched his face. “You’re the best brother anyone could ask for. I’ll always love you as a brother. That will never change.”
Michael felt his chest tighten. He leaned against the foot of the stretcher and closed his eyes. He was vaguely aware when Clem slowed to let Joseph hop out. The next thing he really remembered was Clem’s hand on his shoulder.
Clem helped him out. “Don’t worry. I’ve gotten good at getting this stretcher in and out of the house.”
Joseph was there to help. Michael grabbed Daniel’s arm and got him up the steps. “You might as well come in for awhile.”
Clem unstrapped Aden. He looked over at Michael. “She really does need a shower. Are you going to be strong enough or do you need me to help you?”
Michael swallowed. “I may need help getting her up the stairs but I think I can manage after that.”
Clem helped him get Aden into the bathroom. “I’m going to check on Daniel’s knee. Holler if you need help.” He went out and closed the door.
Michael unwrapped her from the blanket. Aden clung to him. “Don’t let me go.”
He held her close. “I won’t.” He managed to get out of his own clothes and get both of them into the shower. He rinsed the worst of the mud off of her body then soaped her down good. He did the best he could with her hair. He rinsed her off and held her close. “You’re safe.” He kissed her.
She trembled in his arms. Her fingers touched his shoulder. “I bit you.” Her whisper was intense.
“I know. I made you do it. It was the only thing I could think of.” He wrapped her in a towel and got one around his own waist. He carried her to the bedroom and tucked her into bed.
Clem leaned into the doorway. “I thought I heard you come out. How’s she doing?”
Michael could feel her shaking. “She needs food.”
Clem came in and put a hand on his shoulder. “So do you, which is why I sent Joseph down to Annie’s for hot soup. He took Daniel home, too.”
Aden was struggling. Michael could tell that much. He just wasn’t sure why. He touched her face. “It’s all right. Clem knows. You don’t have to be afraid. He helped me through this.”
Aden tensed. Michael could feel Joseph come in the house. He turned to Clem. “Joe’s back.” He heard footsteps on the stairs. He could feel Aden tightening. He grabbed her hand. “Hey, don’t do that. You got to keep breathing.”
Joe came in the door with a basket. “Annie has been worried about everyone. She was relieved when we told her Aden was back. I’ve convinced her not to come down yet.” He handed the basket to Clem.
Michael could feel Aden’s fear. “That’s probably a good thing. Aden’s a little tense right now.”
Joseph drew closer. “You should get her a candle to focus on. It will help her relax.”
Michael tried to massage her shoulders. “It’s okay, Baby. You’re safe.” What was causing her fear? He looked at Joseph. “I don’t have a clue where to even look for a candle.”
“No worries. I got it covered.” Clem got up. “Come on, Joe. Let’s give them a chance to eat. I’m going to leave the squad here, just in case. I’ll go dig out a candle.”
Aden relaxed after they went down the stairs. Michael pulled the towel away from the contents of the basket. He pulled out two bowls. He set one down and opened the other. He grabbed a spoon. “I seemed to recall last time you fed me.” He smiled. “Now it’s my turn.”
She’d finished most of the soup by the time Clem returned. She didn’t tense as much. Michael wiped her chin. “Well, do I pass?”
She reached out her hand and he caught it. She squeezed his fingers. “Always.”
Clem stopped in the doorway. “Is she still awake?”
Michael looked over at him. “Ya, come on in.”
Clem was carrying something wrapped in tissue paper. “Joseph claims staring at a candle will help you focus and relax.” He shrugged. “You’ll have to tell me if it works.” He pulled a decorated candle from the tissue paper and set it on the bedside table. He fumbled to light it.
Michael realized that Clem was crying. He grabbed Clem’s hand. “What’s up, Army?”
A tear trickled down Clem’s cheek. He finally got the candle lit. “I don’t know why I’ve been carrying this around all these years. It’s just a piece of wax.” He wiped away the tear. “It was one of Debra’s shower gifts. We were going to light it when they came home.” His voice broke.
Michael turned the candle around. It had a little stork on it and the words ‘Welcome Home, Baby’ in pink and blue.
Clem bent over and put his face in his hands. He wept.
Michael put a hand on his back. He could feel the grief that Clem had carried all those years flowing out through his tears. He felt that grief echoed in Aden and turned to look at her.
She was crying. He could feel the depth of her sorrow. It tore his soul. He wiped away the tears. “You are the only one.”
* - * - *
Part 6 - Guilt Trip
Aden could hear them close behind her. She pushed through the bushes, frantically trying to find a way to escape. She could hear voices chanting. “Kill the Beast!” She turned and saw them. Jack was leading them forward, a wooden stake gripped tightly in a raised hand. Aden pushed through the bushes and found herself at the edge of a cliff. She turned once more to look at the advancing mob. Sam was right behind Jack. He had a wicked sword clasped in his hands. The ground gave way under her feet. She was falling!
“Aden!” Michael’s voice seemed to follow her down. She saw his face above her. It seemed to recede as she fell. “Aden! Listen to me! You have to breathe!”
Hands grabbed her face and pulled her upward. “Clem! I need help!”
Clem seemed to tumble into her perspective. She was falling into her own bedroom. Clem was falling next to her. “Come on, Girl! Open that airway.” She felt his hands under her chin. “Do I need to tube her?”
“Do it.” Michael was there beside her. “Aden. Come on, Baby. I know it’s rough.” She felt his hands running over her body. “Damn! I can’t find a pulse.” He started pushing on her chest. “Come on, Aden. Don’t do this!”
Aden closed her eyes. He’d begged her before. She’d hurt him. She felt the hard plastic being shoved down her throat and fought back. Clem’s voice seemed distant. “At least it’s a response. Keep working!”
She gagged. Air flooded her starved lungs. She felt her heart respond to Michael’s insistent rhythm. But she didn’t deserve to live! She had killed Sam! The tears burned as they escaped down her face. And she had bitten Michael! She fought against the steady rhythm of his hands.
“Aden! Don’t you dare die on me!” She felt his tears fall on her bare skin. She could feel his desperation. “I love you! Don’t leave me!” His voice seeped through her mind.
Michael needed her. She gave up fighting and let her heart respond. He loved her even though she had almost killed him. How could that be possible? She felt her lungs accepting the air on their own.
“Hold a sec, Doc.” There was a pause in the patterned pressure that had been forcing her heart to pump. It took up the work on its own. “She’s holding a pulse!” Aden could hear the relief in Clem’s voice.
She felt Michael collapse next to her. His hands were on her face. His fingers gently wiped at the tears. She could feel his lips on her cheek. “Aden. Please. Open your eyes.”
She forced her eyes to blink. The lights were on. They didn’t bother her. She could see his face next to her own. Aden looked up into his eyes.
Michael was still crying. He closed his eyes and put his head next to hers. “Oh, Baby. I thought I’d lost you again.”
Clem’s hand touched her forehead. “I know this tube is nasty. If I pull it, you have to promise to keep breathing. Deal?”
She nodded slightly. Michael held her as Clem pulled the plastic out of her throat. She coughed.
“I’m sorry. I know that’s no fun.” He looked at Michael. “You got her?”
Michael stroked her face. “I’ve got her.”
She looked up at him and managed to raise her hand to his cheek. She brushed at his tears. He turned and kissed her fingers. She was startled by the jolt of electricity that seemed to course through her body from that point of contact.
Michael rolled and pulled her into his arms. He buried his face in her hair. “I’ve got you. You’re safe.”
Clem returned with a glass of water. “Man, did Old Mother Hubbard live here?” He perched on the edge of the bed and handed it to Michael.
Michael held it to her lips. “Take little sips.” 
She could feel his concern. It frightened her. Why could she still feel him like that? She could feel Clem, too, but not the same way. The tingle grabbed her gut. She could smell Clem! Aden started to shake. The water spilled out of the glass. Michael pulled it away as a seizure rippled through her body.
He gave the glass to Clem and pulled her close as her body tensed. She could feel his fear. It intensified her own. She started to choke. Michael put his hands on her throat. “Come on, Baby, you have to breathe! Don’t do this again.”
Clem’s hands took her head. “Hey there, Girl. Your lungs aren’t going to like you if you don’t let them have some air.” He pulled her around and supported her neck from behind. She could feel his fear, too. He was struggling to control it. “I really don’t want to have to put that plastic back in.”
Michael was in front of her. He had his hands on her chest. “Just breathe.” Her body tingled where he touched her.
Aden swallowed hard and forced herself to relax. Air flooded back into her lungs.
 Clem sighed deeply. She could feel him trembling. He let go of her neck slowly but kept his hands close and continued to support her back. “Michael. Remembering your episodes, the best thing we can do is get her down to the café and get some more food into her.”
Food. She could smell Clem’s blood as it pulsed in the vessels of his wrist. It was so close to her mouth. She began to salivate. Then Aden realized what she was thinking. What was wrong with her! She flung forward into Michael’s arms and knocked him backward into the night stand.
He looked at her with wide eyes. “What’s wrong?”
She buried her face in his chest. “I can’t!”
She felt Michael shift. “Clem, are you okay?”
“I think so. Holy smokes! What was that all about?”
Aden squeezed her eyes closed. She must have knocked him off the bed. All she seemed to be able to do was hurt the people who cared most about her.
Michael found her face with his hand and pulled her up so he could see her. “Hey. It’s okay. Clem’s right. We need to get something warm into your system.”
She couldn’t stop shaking. “I can’t.”
He pushed the hair out of her face. “Baby, you have to eat.”
“I don’t want to bite anyone.”
She could feel his concern. It was echoed on his face. “I was thinking more down the line of oatmeal. I’ve found that to be a good place to start.”
Oatmeal? He’d given her soup the night before. Could she really eat solid food again? “What if I can’t?”
He smiled at her. “Annie’s oatmeal is the best. Trust me. I’ve eaten a lot of it lately.” He looked down at her. “But I don’t think this sheet will be quite enough.” He looked down at his own sweat pants then back at her. “I’m thinking we should get dressed first.”
Clem chuckled. “That’s a good idea. No shoes, no shirt, no service.”
Michael laughed and pulled the corner of the sheet up over her shoulder. “You mean a toga wouldn’t count?”
Aden managed a weak grin and leaned into him. “I’ll try.”
Clem got off the bed. “You kids go ahead and change. I’m just going to get this stuff cleaned up and back out to the rig.”
Michael got into real clothes and helped her dress. She tried to brush her hair. It was still damp from their shower the night before. The brush refused to go through the tangles. Michael took it out of her hand. “I did the best I could last night. I’m a little out of practice.” He knelt behind her on the bed and gently untangled her hair. “I’ve missed brushing your hair.”
She tried not to remember. She didn’t want to. She’d left him. She closed her eyes and squeezed the tears away.
He finished and braided her hair. “That’s better.” He put the brush down. “Hey, what’s with the tears?”
She could feel him. It terrified her. How could she tell him? She opened her eyes but looked away from his intense gaze. She noticed the oddly shaped white mound on the bedside table. Her fingers touched it. “What is this?”
“Clem’s candle.” He took her in his arms. She could feel him trembling. “He’s a good friend. He helped me through this. You can trust him.” She could feel the depth of his emotion.
There were so many questions she was afraid to ask. Aden clung to Michael. He’d gone through this, too? Of course he had. He’d been infected. Her memories were all jumbled up. She let him pull her off the bed.
Michael looked down at her. “Don’t be afraid. I’m here.”
They went down stairs. Clem came in the front door. His breath was a halo of steam around his face.
Michael frowned. “Did you decide to go for a run?”
“I had a little extra time. Actually, I took the squad back and filled it up. It was hungry, too.”
Aden’s stomach rumbled. Michael chuckled. “Speaking of.” He grabbed her coat off the peg and held it for her. “Shall we?”
Aden slipped her arms into the coat. It felt alien. She didn’t belong in it anymore. It had been her father’s. not hers. It represented something that she didn’t deserve.
Michael pulled her close. “Don’t worry, Love. I’m right beside you.”
They went out. The world was cloaked in thick fog. It made her nervous. The town felt empty. She looked toward the school. “Where is everyone?”
Clem looked down. “They abandoned ship.” She could feel pain from him. He sighed it away. “I’m sure some of them will be back eventually but Annie sure is in a tizzy about it.”
Aden stumbled. Michael caught her. He held her close as they walked down the street.
Clem stayed on the other side of her, ready to grab hold if she started to fall. Tiny beads of moisture collected on his face. He wiped them away. “Ah, the solid liquid ambiance of spring.”
She felt uneasy. The buildings appeared and disappeared as they passed. “I wish this would lift.” She huddled closer to Michael.
As they entered the café, Aden noticed Annie was scrubbing at the spotless counter. Annie looked up and gasped. “Aden! Michael! Oh my goodness! You two must be starved. Hang on. I’ll get you something.”
Clem called to her. “Make it something easy on the stomach.” She disappeared into the kitchen. He whistled. “If she scrubs that counter any cleaner, I’ll have to make her a new one.”
They sat down at the little corner table under the stairs. Aden’s eyes weren’t bothering her anymore but she still preferred the darkness. She leaned against Michael’s shoulder. “I shouldn’t feel exhausted from just walking down the street.”
He put his arms around her. “Considering what you’ve just been through, I’d be surprised if you weren’t tired.”
She relaxed into his embrace. Aden closed her eyes and tried not to feel Clem.
Annie returned shortly with three steaming bowls on a tray and set them down on the table. “There you go. That should warm you up.” Aden could hear the tremor in Annie’s voice. Annie looked down at her. “Oh, Darlin’, I was so worried about you.” She started to reach forward.
Aden could see Annie’s pulse in her veins. She could smell the sweet metallic tang. The blood called to her. Aden panicked. She tried to get away.
Michael pulled her close. Clem grabbed Annie around the waist in a playful manner. “Hey there, Miss Annie. Why don’t you let Aden get some breakfast into her tummy? She needs it.” He winked at her. She swatted him with the towel but grinned and went back to the front counter.
Aden didn’t want to let go of Michael. He picked up his spoon and blew on the oatmeal. He nibbled at it carefully then ate it.
She looked down at her own bowl. The steam rose from the hot food. She could smell it but she was afraid. She found a spoonful of oatmeal in front of her.
Michael leaned close to her ear. “Just take a little. It’s good. Trust me.” He blew on it then held it to her lips.
She gave in and tasted it. It was good! She relaxed and reached for her own spoon. Michael went back to eating. Aden almost burnt her mouth on the first bite. She had to remember to blow on it. She finished the bowl.
Michael gave her a hug. “You see? Annie’s oatmeal is the best.”
Clem smiled at her. “Feel any better?”
She realized his smell didn’t bother her anymore. Her stomach had accepted solid food again. She almost cried. She started to answer Clem but heard something and paused. It was the sound of a car engine pulling into the lot by the café. She tensed and swung toward the door. Footsteps walked across the porch. The entry doors opened and then the main doors. Aden felt the panic rise.
Michael grabbed her and pulled her close. Two unfamiliar people stood there, blinking into the darkness.
Annie dropped her towel on the counter and came forward. She cleared her throat. “Hi, there. What can I do for you?”
Aden’s mouth went dry. She began to shake. She could feel Michael’s concern.
He held her tight. “It’s okay. Just breathe.”
The man stepped forward. “Are you Annie Thomas?”
“I am.”
He relaxed. “Oh, that’s a relief. It’s so foggy out there, I wasn’t sure we were in the right place. I’m Jerry Sawyer and this is my wife, Judy.”
Annie stood puzzling for a moment then brightened. “Oh, my gosh! You had a reservation, didn’t you!”
He looked around. “Did we come at a bad time?”
Michael started to say something but Annie rushed over his words. “Oh, heavens no! It’s just the fog. It sets everyone off a little. Kind of creepy, you know what I mean?”
His wife managed to laugh. “Yes, exactly.”
Annie pulled them forward toward the front counter. “Well, come in. I’ve got your cabin all ready for you. We’ll just get the paperwork taken care of.”
Aden trembled. She put her face in Michael’s neck and dropped her voice. “What is Annie doing?”
Michael swallowed hard. “Checking in guests?”
Aden, Michael, and Clem sat in silent shock as Annie had the newcomers fill out the paperwork. She pulled a key out of a wooden cabinet on the wall. “I’ve put you in the Waterfall Cabin. I’m sure you’ll like it. Just follow me and I’ll show you where it is.” She led them out the doors.
Aden heard footsteps on the balcony above. Two sets came together down the stairs. She could feel them! It was Cindy and Daniel.
They came around the bottom post. Cindy stopped at their table and Daniel ran into her. “What’s up, Honey Girl?” He looked up and met Aden’s gaze. He gasped. “Aden?” He looked at Clem and Michael. “Should she be up?”
Cindy pulled away from him. Aden could feel her emotional battle. She started for the kitchen.
Clem cleared his throat. “If you’re looking for Annie, she’s not back there.” His voice was shaking.
Daniel and Cindy both stared at him. Daniel looked around. “Where is she?”
Clem swallowed hard. “Taking some guests to a cabin.”
Neither of them moved. Cindy was struggling to breathe. “Guests?”
Clem shrugged. “Some couple who had reservations.”
Daniel seemed to explode. “What! What is she thinking?”
Cindy covered her face and looked ready to fall. Daniel rushed forward and caught her. She clung to him. “I know Mama is desperate but this is insane.”
Daniel held her close. He looked over at them. “You got extra space at that table?”
Clem got up and dragged a couple more chairs over. “We do now.”
Daniel led Cindy toward them.
As they got close, Aden realized she could feel Cindy, even more than the others. The smell of her was overpowering. She panicked and leaned back into Michael. Her body went rigid.
Michael swore. “Clem!” He pulled Aden close as the spasm attacked her body.
“Keep her airway open.” Clem warned Cindy and Daniel to back up and knelt beside the chair. He dropped his voice and looked up at Michael. “What happened?”
Michael trembled as he held her. “I’m not sure.”
Aden felt Daniel beside her. His hand touched her fingers. “Come on, Little Sis. You gotta be okay.”
Aden could feel Cindy’s fear. She tried to relax. Her body quivered then slowly released the tension. What was wrong with her? She felt the tears in her eyes. Michael held her tight so she didn’t fall. She turned, curling into his embrace. Daniel was forced to let go of her hand. Aden felt lost. She wept.
Michael tried to comfort her. He rocked her and whispered encouragements into her hair.
Clem relaxed a little. “That was better than the last one.”
Daniel was shaking. “She’s had more like that? Shouldn’t you take her down to the hospital or something?”
Annie came back in. She gasped and came running forward. Aden tried not to tense. Annie leaned over Michael’s shoulder. “What happened? It wasn’t the oatmeal, was it?”
Clem pulled her back. “No. Your oatmeal is wonderful. Aden’s just having a rough morning. She hasn’t fully recovered yet.”
“Really?” Daniel’s anger echoed around the room.
Aden could feel Cindy’s distress. Realization hit home. It was because Daniel was concerned about her. Aden shook. This was all her fault. She struggled out of Michael’s arms and stumbled past everyone toward the door.
“Aden!” Michael was up and following her.
She pushed through the entryway and didn’t stop. She started running back toward the house.
Aden reached the front door. Michael caught her. She fell forward against pealing paint and sobbed.
Michael pulled her into his arms. “It’s okay. You’re going to be all right.”
She tried to push him away. “But I’m not all right!”
Michael let her go and backed up a step. She could see his confusion. “Please tell me what it is?”
Aden could feel his fear. How could she tell him? She turned and went into the house. Michael followed. Aden stumbled into the dining room and bumped into the table. A box shifted and fell off. She heard the chatter of the pieces inside as they banged together on impact. “No!” Aden dropped to her knees and scooped up the box. She clutched it and folded over on top of it.
Michael knelt beside her and tried to pull her out of the curl. She resisted. “Come on, Aden. Let me help you.” He tried to pull her toward him. She pulled away. He sprawled backward and smacked his head on the leg of the table.
Pain echoed through her. She gasped and turned to him. She put the box down and crawled to where he was leaning, rubbing his head. Tears welled in her eyes. “I’m so sorry.” She embraced him and kissed his head.
“That’s one for the school of hard knocks.” He leaned into her. His body shook slightly.
Aden was terrified. What if she’d given him a concussion! “Should I go get Clem?”
Michael groaned quietly and changed his position so he was holding her. “I’ll be okay in a moment. Just let me catch my breath.” He relaxed a little. “So what’s in the box?”
Aden grabbed it. She was afraid to look. She opened the lid and peered at the broken pieces. Some were probably a little smaller now. She picked up the largest piece. The handle was still intact.
Michael leaned forward and surveyed the contents of the box. “Wow. That’s a little beyond a super glue project.”
Aden felt like she was shattering. She dropped the piece back into the box and wept. Her life had always been in pieces. No amount of super glue was ever going to change that.
Michael pulled her close. “Love, I’m sorry.” He held her and rocked her gently. “That was your dad’s mug, wasn’t it?” His voice was soft.
Aden nodded. “It was already broken.” She pushed the older memories away.
Michael stroked her face gently. He kissed her forehead. “I can’t fix that. All I can do is hold you together.”
She clung to him until the tears ran dry. She listened to his heartbeat and felt the rise and fall of his chest. It calmed her.
Aden looked down at the box. She shouldn’t have left it out in the first place. She closed the lid. “I should put this away somewhere.” She struggled to her feet.
Michael got up and reached out to steady her. “I think it’s too big to fit in your memory box.”
She tried to smile. “I’ll put it on the shelf.” She went upstairs with Michael right behind her. She stepped into the office and paused. The satchel was still on the desk. She sighed. She really needed to go through all those files. Aden went in and put the box on the shelf.
Michael came up behind her and kissed the side of her head. She felt him. Her body trembled. His hands encircled her waist. “Aden? What’s wrong?”
She was afraid to face him. She looked up and saw the picture of her father and Sam standing together in front of their new SUVs. They both had broad smiles. She saw Sam’s face in her mind as he came toward her in the alleyway. Her body went rigid. Her throat closed.
Michael grabbed her tight. “Aden?” His voice was filled with panic. He grabbed her neck and lifted her chin. “No! Come on, Baby. Stop doing this!”
Aden struggled. She didn’t deserve to live. She was a Beast! She felt Michael grab her and lift her like a rag doll. He carried her into the hallway and laid her down on the hard floor.
“Come on! You have to breathe.” His shaky hands worked across her body. “Damn!” He started to cry. “I can’t do this by myself.” His lips touched her. He held her nose and filled her with is own air.
It forced past the blockage and she gasped.
“Yes!” He lifted her head back. “That’s it. Breathe!”
Aden choked on her tears and started coughing. He rolled her on her side. She heaved. The bile rose in her throat. She coughed it up.
Michael pulled her head out of her vomit. “I’ve got you, Baby. Hang on.” He wiped the spittle from her mouth.
Aden shook. “I don’t want to live.”
Michael gasped. “Don’t say that!” He pulled her into his arms. “Please don’t say that. I don’t want to lose you. Aden, I love you!” His tears fell on her face.
She couldn’t bare it any longer. “But I’m still a Beast!”
“You’re not!”
She pulled away from him. “I am!” Her voice echoed through the house. Michael’s arms reached for her. Aden saw Emma in her mind, her arms open in welcome. She back pedaled away from him until her back was against a wall. “I ate her.”
Michael shook his head in confusion. “Who?”
“Emma Becker. She told me she wanted to be gone. So I ate her.” Aden stared off at nothing. She told him what had happened in the field. “She was an innocent and I killed her!”
Michael tried to move forward toward her. “That was her choice. She wanted to go.”
Aden rolled her head back against the wall and looked at Michael. “And what about Sam? Did he want to go?”
Michael paused. She could feel his confusion. “You killed Sam?”
Aden shuddered and pulled up her knees. She wrapped her arms around her legs. “There’s something wrong with me!”
“Aden! It was the virus. It affected your brain, turned off your frontal cortex, made it impossible for you to judge what you were doing. I know. I went through that, too.”
She looked up at him. “Do you still crave blood?”
His face lifted in astonishment. She could feel his emotional eddies.
Her anger rose. “You don’t, do you?” She untangled herself and pushed up against the wall. “Well I do!” She swallowed hard. “I almost bit Clem this morning! I could smell his blood and I wanted it! And not just his! Annie’s and Cindy’s, too!”
Michael looked up at her, speechless. She could feel his confusion and fear. He was afraid of her!
Aden sobbed. “I am still a Beast!” She pushed off the wall and stumbled down the stairs.
She could hear Michael following. She reached for the door. He lost his footing and tumbled. Aden gasped and turned as he fell forward down the stairwell.
* * *

Michael had felt his foot slide off the step. He knew he was in trouble. His forward inertia was too great. He reached for the railing but missed. This was going to hurt. It was like one of those really bad dreams where everything happens in slow motion.
Except Aden was there. She rushed forward and caught him in mid-air. His momentum overcame her forward motion and gravity kicked in. Somehow they stayed upright. They were headed for the closed door. He was afraid he would crush her. He put out his hands. The impact was intense! Both palms hit the hard wood. Waves of pain rippled up his arms and through his body.
Aden cried out. Her arms were around him. She lowered him down to the floor. She was sobbing. “Michael! Can you hear me?”
He could feel his own pain reflected in her. How could he explain all this? He tried to move and instantly regretted it. Waves of pain ripped through his torso. He gasped.
Aden pulled him close. She was massaging his shoulders. That helped. She was whispering to herself. He tried to focus and hear what she was saying. “I keep hurting you. That’s all I can seem to do.”
Michael felt his body mending. It was almost as bad as the initial injury. He groaned, trying to find a way to shelter Aden from his pain.
Aden trembled. “I’m sorry!” She leaned forward and kissed the top of his head. “Please forgive me.”
Michael struggled to unclench his teeth. The pain was beginning to recede. “Aden. That fall was my fault, not yours. You can’t take the blame for my stupidity coupled with gravity.”
“You could have been killed. Why did you do that?”
He wanted to laugh. Not likely. His arms had recovered. He reached up and touched her face. “Because I love you. I’m not going to let you walk away from me again.”
She started to cry. He could feel her anguish. He was terrified she was going to crash again. She closed her eyes. “You deserve better than me.”
Michael pushed himself up, ignoring the complaint of his arms. He rested against the door and pulled her toward him. “You are the only one.”
She trembled. “But I’m a Beast!”
Michael swallowed hard. Then what was he? He had to find a way to tell her. He felt her pulling away. “Aden!”
She lurched out of his arms. “I bit you! You almost died because of me.” She turned and scrambled up the stairs.
Michael didn’t have the energy to follow. He heard the office door slam. He leaned his head back against the front door. What was he going to do? He looked up the stairs. What if she crashed again when she was alone!
Michael rolled forward and crawled to the stairs. He went up them like he’d done as a child, pulling himself forward with his hands until he got to the top. He grabbed the banister and pulled himself upright. He staggered to the office door. It was locked. Michael forced down the panic. “Aden?”
He could feel her inside. She was crying but at least she was breathing. He turned around and leaned back on the door. He closed his eyes. She could feel him, too. He knew that. He forced himself to be calm.
He was hungry. Or was it Aden he was feeling? He looked down at the mess on the hallway floor. That should get cleaned up. He pushed away from the door and went to the bathroom for a towel.
When he was finished, he went back to the office door. He reached out his senses to feel her. She had cried herself to sleep. He closed his eyes. That wouldn’t hurt her. It might even do her some good. He looked at the door knob. It looked like a simple lock. Maybe Clem had something he could use to pick it.
Michael went out of the house and walked down the street. He was glad the fog had broken. The sun felt good. He found Clem in the shop of the service station. He was working on his battered old pick-up truck. All Michael could see of Clem was his legs. He was on a wheeled board under the engine compartment. The hood was up. Michael leaned over the side and looked down at Clem through the innards of the motor. “When are you going to give up on this old wreck?”
Clem grinned up at him. “Never.” He scooted out and sat up. “This is the first time in months that I haven’t been busy working on everyone else’s rigs.”
Michael came around the front and held out his hand. Clem took it. Michael pulled him to his feet. He looked over at the old truck. “What year is this truck? Late Eighteenth Century?”
Clem laughed and wiped his greasy hands on a rag. “Heck no! 1965, 1969, 1973, 1978, and 1986.” He patted the hood. “I think of it as Frankenstein’s Monster Truck.”
“That fits the theme.”
Clem glanced around. “How’s Aden doing?”
Michael sighed. “I’m not sure. She’s asleep right now but she’s locked herself in her dad’s office at the house. Which is actually why I came by. You wouldn’t happen to have a set of lock picks in your magic loft upstairs?”
“Nope.” Clem walked to his workbench. “I keep those down here.” He turned to Michael and tossed him a small case. “Did I mention I’m the local lock smith, too?”
Michael almost dropped the case, he was laughing so hard. “Is there anything you can’t do?”
Clem put a hand on his chin. “Well, I can’t sing worth a darn and Annie threatened me with a butcher knife the last time I tried to cook something. She wanted Alan to arrest me for trying to poison everyone.” He grinned.
Michael stopped laughing. “Alan. He was Aden’s father.”
Clem got serious. “Ya, he was.” He turned back to the bench and started organizing tools. “I wish he would have said something. He was too good at hiding it. He didn’t even say anything to Annie.”
Michael was confused. “Annie?”
Clem closed a toolbox. “Everyone knew Alan and Annie spent a lot of time together.” He managed a tight laugh. “She made the excuse that it gave Cindy and Daniel a little more freedom at night, if you know what I mean.”
“Ya, I think I got the picture. It seems to have paid off.”
“Well, Annie woke one morning with Alan having some serious chest pains. He tried to convince her it was indigestion but she knew better. She got on the radio and called for help.” Clem planted his hands on the workbench. “By the time I got there, it was too late. He was gone.”
“Heart attack?”
Clem nodded. “There are times I really hate that job.”
“Being an emergency medical technician can’t be easy.”
Clem looked at him. “Parts of it are really tough. Especially when people die.” He looked down at his hands. “As the attending medical professional, I have to fill out the death certificates.” He sighed. “And Sam had to sign them.” Clem leaned hard against the bench. 
Michael came forward. He could feel the emotions Clem was struggling with. He put a hand on Clem’s shoulder. “There’s nothing you could have done. You know that.”
Clem struggled to keep control. “I know.”
Clem’s radio crackled. They both jumped. It was Daniel. He was checking in with Joseph. They both listened. Joseph reported his location. “Still no sign here. I’m going to try Whiskey Creek.”
Daniel acknowledged and gave him the time for the next radio check. The radio was silent again.
Michael looked at his watch. It was almost three in the afternoon! “I should really go grab some food for Aden and see if I can bust into her prison.”
Clem chuckled. “That’s a good one. You have to bust the sheriff out of her self-imposed jail.”
Michael hadn’t thought about it that way. “Is she still the sheriff? I thought Daniel was now.”
Clem frowned. “I don’t know. Sweetvale law enforcement seems to be turning over pretty fast these days. But I think technically, she is, because Sam is dead.”
Michael closed his eyes. She’d eaten Sam. He swallowed hard and looked at Clem. Was he ready for that news?
Clem sighed and looked over at him. “You should eat, too.” Clem’s stomach growled. He patted it. “And my stomach seconds the motion.”
They walked over to the café and stepped inside. Annie was back to scrubbing the counter. Clem shook his head. “Never a good sign.” He walked up and tapped on the counter. “How about some service here, ma’am?”
She looked up, startled. “Oh! I’m sorry boys. I didn’t hear you come in.” She tucked the towel into her apron strings and came over. “What can I get for you?”
Clem caught up her hands. “My dear, if you don’t stop scrubbing on this counter, you aren’t going to have any fingers left. Then I’ll be forced to cook.”
She scrunched up her face but couldn’t keep from laughing. “Not a chance!” She looked at Michael. “Trust me. You don’t want him to cook for you.”
Michael grinned. “So I’ve heard.” He noticed Annie’s hands were trembling.
Clem squeezed her fingers gently. “What’s got you all worked up?”
Michael could feel her fear. She extracted her hands from Clem’s. “It’s just getting late.” She started to reach for the towel.
“Annie.” Clem’s voice was firm but gentle.
She looked ready to cry. “They said they were just going out for a walk.” Her bottom lip trembled. “I asked them if they’d be back for lunch and he said around two but it’s well past that now.” She was shaking.
Clem raised an eyebrow. “You’re worried about Daniel and Joseph? They just checked in.”
“No! The Sawyers. The couple that came in this morning?”
Michael swallowed hard. There were two ignorant people out there alone in the forest? He was distracted by the sound of footsteps above. He could feel Cindy. She was headed for the stairs.
Annie leaned on the counter. “I should go look for them.”
Clem shook his head. “It’s still early and the sun is out. It’s a beautiful day. I noticed their car is still out front so they didn’t go far. They’re probably just strolling the trails around the cabins.”
“I suppose you’re right. I’ve been worried about too much lately.”
Michael was surprised by the coolness of her tone. Annie was looking past them. He turned to see what she was glaring at.
Cindy had stopped at the bottom of the stairs. Michael could see the tear streaks on her face. He looked at Clem, who felt as confused as Michael was. Cindy came forward. “Why did you let them stay, Mama? You didn’t even warn them, did you?”
Annie swallowed hard. “We need the money. With everyone gone, I don’t know how I’m going to pay the bills. I can’t afford to turn away business.”
Cindy paused and leaned on a table. Michael was alarmed. He could feel Cindy’s distress. He worried about the baby. He let his senses look closer. Cindy’s heart was struggling to pump enough blood and she was hyperventilating so the oxygen level was low. He started seeing the individual cells begin making stress compounds. He could see the molecules that made up the chemicals.
“Michael! Come on, Buddy! Take in some air!” Clem’s voice seemed far away. His hands supported Michael’s chin.
Michael pulled back to his own body and realized he wasn’t breathing. He forced his ribcage to expand and his lungs filled with air. He concentrated on his own vitals. Once they were stable, he opened his eyes.
Clem’s face was staring down at him from a few inches away. “What happened?” It was a very quiet whisper.
“Sensory overload.”
“I thought you were going to stop doing that.”
Michael realized he was laying on the floor. He struggled to sit up. Clem helped him. Michael swallowed down the dryness of his throat and leaned toward Clem. “I need to learn to control that.”
Michael looked up. Cindy and Annie were both staring at him. Annie came forward. “Are you all right, Michael?”
He made sure his lungs were functioning. “Sorry about that. I don’t think I’ve been getting enough sleep.”
Clem stood and helped Michael to his feet. He kept a hand on his arm until he was certain Michael was stable.
Annie was wringing her hands. “Is there anything I can do for you?”
Cindy pulled her back. “For heavens sake, Mom. Clem is standing right there. He’s the medic.”
Annie pulled her arm away. “Don’t you lecture me, Young Lady! I know more about what’s going on here than you think!”
Michael exchanged glances with Clem. Clem grabbed his arm to steady him. Michael realized his heart rate had increased and struggled to control it. Did Annie know about Aden and him?
Cindy looked ready to cry. “What do you know?”
Annie faced her. “I know Daniel deserves the truth!”
Cindy went pale. Michael started to reach for her but she turned and ran up the stairs.
Clem frowned. “Annie. You shouldn’t be so hard on her.”
“It’s my job. I’m her mother.” Her tone was stone cold. She turned and looked at Michael. “You need to eat and I’m betting Aden does, too. Sit down so you don’t fall down and I’ll go put something together.” She turned and pushed through the swinging service doors.
Clem guided Michael to a chair. Michael collapsed. “Do you think she knows?”
“I think she knows that you and Aden have been through hell the past couple of weeks and both of you look it. You’re both overdo for some R and R.”
Michael shook his head. “I just want this to be over. There has to be a way.” He looked up at Clem. “I’m worried about Aden.”
Clem nodded toward the kitchen. “Best wait until we’re out of hearing range.”
Annie came out a few moments later. She had an old fashioned picnic basket over one arm. She set it on the table in front of him. “That should keep you for a few hours. Come back and join us for dinner. Maybe Aden will be feeling better by then.”
Clem reached over and kissed Annie lightly on the cheek. “Miss Annie, you’re an angel.”
She shushed him. “Just go take care of her.” She put a hand on Michael’s shoulder. “And you get some rest, too.”
Michael grinned. “Now I know where the term ‘mother hen’ comes from.”
Annie pulled the towel from her apron and flicked it at him. “Go on! Scoot!”
Clem picked up the basket and they left the café. The sun was beginning to lean toward the western hills. They started walking down the street in the direction of the house.
Michael was concerned. “I’ve been gone longer than I intended to. I hope she’s okay.”
“Did she crash again?”
“A couple of times.” Michael swallowed hard. “She said she wanted to die.”
“Why?”
Michael was afraid to tell Clem everything. “Because of what she did while under the influence of the virus.”
“That’s a tough one.” Clem scuffed his feet on the blacktop. He glanced over at Michael. “You know why that case was under my cot?”
Michael felt a chill. “Storage space seems at a premium at your place.”
Clem chuckled. “Well, there is that. But it’s at my place because that’s the only place I really let myself get drunk.”
Michael sighed. “Oh.”
“Don’t worry. I haven’t opened that case again. After what I found in it the next morning, I have half a mind to nail it shut.” He cleared his throat. “Anyway. I once made the mistake of getting totally plastered at a friend’s house up on the east side of the valley. Then I tried to drive home. That’s how my truck ended up with 1973. That was a new driver’s side door and fender.”
Michael gasped. “Were you hurt?” 
Clem shook his head. “I got thrown free before the worst of the crash. I don’t remember it much. Russ said he was afraid I was a goner when he saw the truck. But they found me half way down the hill.”
Michael paused on the front porch. “What happened?”
Clem sat down on the steps and set the basket next to his feet. “I was damn ashamed of myself. I told Russ and the rest of the company that I didn’t deserve the job. It was actually Joe that turned me around.” Clem looked up at him. “You’ve probably heard him go on about sand and all that.”
“I’ve gotten a few grains here and there.”
Clem grinned. “Well, he said I had to think logically about it. The community needed me because of what I could do. It wasn't about shame and blame but taking responsibility for my actions. It’s not the same thing. Being responsible meant that I recognized the stupid thing I’d done and not repeat it. So I never drank anywhere but at home or at Annie’s. And usually not to excess.” He hung his head. “Like I did the other night.”
Michael came back down the steps and sat next to Clem. “I had to learn that the hard way, too. You’re not alone. The bottle nearly cost me everything, almost my life. It was actually George who saved me. He helped me through the worst of it and got me back on my feet again.”
Clem looked over at him. “And now you’ve helped me.” 
Michael embraced him. “Just remember what’s in that box now. You’ll never want to open it again.”
Clem let him go. “You got that right.” He looked at the front door. “You need a hand with a lock?”
Michael grinned. “I might be a little rusty. Come and see.” He stood and held out his hand. Clem took it and Michael pulled him to his feet. Clem picked up the basket and followed him inside. He set the basket on the dining room table. Michael peeked into it. “Looks like Annie put some sandwiches together for us.”
Clem leaned over his shoulder. “You and a small army!”
Michael pulled one out. It was still warm. He went up the stairs and tried the door. It was locked. He handed the roll to Clem. “Could you hold this a moment?”
“Not a problem.”
Michael opened the pick kit and pulled out a turner and pin pick. He knelt, held the lock tight with the turner, and pulled the pin pick a couple of times. He felt the turner give and heard a satisfying click. He turned the knob and looked up at Clem.
Clem was grinning. He leaned close. “You’re hired.” He held out the sandwich. “Trade you.”
Michael took the sandwich and pushed the door open. She was still asleep. Her head rested on crossed arms on the desk. He could feel her. She was sleeping deeply. He didn’t want to disturb her. He put the sandwich on the desk and quietly shut the door.
Clem motioned down the stairs. They paused in the dining room. He pointed at the basket. “You should eat one, too.”
Michael grabbed one and pointed to the others. “There’s plenty here. Help yourself.” Clem did. Michael glanced up the stairs. “I don’t really want to wake her. Come on down to the lab.” He led the way.
Clem unwrapped his sandwich. “What happened this morning after Aden took off?”
Michael flipped on the lights for the lab as he pulled away the towel around his sandwich. “She’s having some of the same problems I did but hers seem to be more intensified.” He took a bite and savored the juicy meat. It was incredible. “Wow! What is this?”
Clem looked inside the sandwich and smelled it. “I think it’s goat.”
Michael almost choked. Clem jumped forward but Michael got it under control. He coughed it out. Clem stood next to him. Michael struggled to talk. “Sorry about that.”
Clem looked around. “Anything safe to drink down here?”
Michael found one of the jugs of water Clem had given him and pulled a couple of clean beakers out of a box. He poured some water in each.
Clem chuckled. “Good thing we’re not in chemistry class.”
Michael was thinking about what Aden had said. He took a drink. “Why? It’s just water.”
Clem laughed. “You didn’t have the kind of professor I did. Beakers and test tubes are for chemicals, not beverages.” His faux German accent was hilarious.
After Michael got control and stopped coughing, he went back to the sandwich. He smelled it. “I can smell the goat now.”
Clem went back to munching on his. “I suppose it’s an acquired taste.”
Michael swallowed hard. “I guess that depends on how you acquire it.” He inhaled deeply. The smell of the dead goat still lingered in the room. He could also smell human blood. He realized it was Clem. Was it really the same thing? This was cooked and served on bread. Other people ate it. The goat had been raised for that purpose.
Clem put a hand on his shoulder. “Are you sleep standing?”
“No. I’m trying to figure out how to help Aden.”
Clem pulled a rag from his back pocket to wipe his fingers. “I’m sure Aden won’t have any problem with goat sandwich. She probably ate them when she was a kid.”
Michael focused on the smell of the goat in the sandwich. “I don’t crave it.”
“I’m sure Annie has other things in the cooler.”
Michael turned to Clem. “That’s not what I mean.” He looked down at the sandwich and took a bite. It did taste good but it didn’t induce a sense of craving. He noticed Clem was watching him with a quizzical expression. How was he going to explain this? “You see, Aden fed me a goat.”
Clem’s brows went up. “A whole goat?”
“Ya, a live kicking one.” Some of the memories weren’t as clear. “Two of them, actually.”
Clem’s eyes grew wide. He swallowed hard. “Did you, uh, bite it?”
“And drained it of blood.”
Clem leaned on the counter. “Do you think Aden may have eaten goat?”
Michael could guess what Clem was really asking. Could he tell him? “I don’t know everything she ate.” He bit into the sandwich.
Clem let him finish eating. He found the stool and sat staring at the beaker of water. He looked over at Michael when he was finished. “Michael?” His voice was very quiet. “Did Aden eat somebody?”
Michael looked down at all of his notes spread across the counters. “I’ve got to understand how this virus works and what exactly the serum does.” He started shuffling the papers and uncovered Jack’s notebook.
Clem reached out and touched his arm. “Who?”
Michael closed his eyes. “Emma Becker.”
Clem gasped. “Holy smokes! No wonder Jimmy couldn’t find her!”
Michael picked up the notebook. “She didn’t have any control of what she was doing. The virus affects the neural network that connects the frontal cortex to the rest of the brain. I know what it’s like. I almost bit Aden. It took every ounce of the last of my remaining sanity to let her go.” He didn’t want to remember.
“Michael. It took you several days to develop the full blown symptoms. From what Daniel said, she was up and out of here like a flash.”
Michael rubbed his fingers along the metal spiral binding. “I’ve been trying to figure that out ever since I came to. I can still remember Duval biting her and watching her withering on the ground.” He felt his eyes begin to burn.
Clem squeezed his shoulder. “And what about your infection? Did you really fall on a stick?”
“Ya, I did.” Michael felt his side. “I wasn’t thinking clearly. Duval was leaning over me. He drooled on my face and I wiped it off.” Michael flipped open the notebook to a page. “Jack had said that just touching the blood of a vampire could kill you but I think something might have been lost in the translation.” He looked over at Clem. “I infected myself.”
“How?”
Michael looked at his own hand. “I had Duval’s saliva on my hand and I grabbed my side. It was an open puncture wound.” He woke up the computer and pulled a couple of images from a file. “These are the first two samples I took after I realized I’d been infected. This one was from my side.”
Clem leaned close. “Oh, that’s not good.”
Michael pointed at the other. “This was from my finger. There were only a few virions in that sample. I must have only had one or two viral cells from his saliva get into the wound. It just took them a while to circulate through my system.”
“Do you think the antibiotic helped?”
Michael chewed on his lip. “It shouldn’t have had any effect on the virus. Antibiotics are designed to combat bacteria.” He looked at Clem. “You said it was a ‘super’ antibiotic. What else was in it?”
Clem shrugged. “I could get the ingredients off the label on the box.”
“It’s worth checking into.”
Clem’s radio crackled to life. Clem grabbed it. Daniel called to Joseph. Clem relaxed. “Just another radio check.”
Michael glanced at his watch. “It’s four. What time does it get dark?”
“Define dark. I seem to recall it doesn’t take total darkness for Duval to move around. I’d be happier if they started back for town soon.” He paused and looked down at his radio. “Did you hear that?” He turned it up.
“Daniel, are you sure the prints are fresh?”
Joseph’s question sent a chill through Michael. He grabbed Clem’s arm. “He needs to get out of there.”
The radio clicked. “Ya, I’m sure. It looks like he’s out and about.”
“Then get out of there, now! I’m too far away to be of any help to you.”
Michael gripped the counter. “Where are they?”
“I don’t know. I missed Dan’s location. Joe is up on Tower Ridge by the Hensley place.
The radio crackled again. He could tell Daniel was moving. “I’ll cut over to the 4350 and get back to my rig.”
“Make sure and call me when you get there. Or sooner if you run into trouble.”
They both signed off. Michael looked up at Clem. “Do you think that couple has come back?”
Clem clipped his radio back on. “I think we should go check with Annie.”
They hurried upstairs. Michael paused for a moment in the front hall. “She’s still asleep.” He realized he had the notebook in his hand. He left it on the table and followed Clem out the door.
They jogged down the road together. Michael was secretly pleased that he could now keep up with Clem without panting. He saw movement on the café steps. Could it be the couple? He looked closer and gasped. “Annie has a gun!”
“What?” Clem started to run faster.
Clem was gasping by the time he got to her. Michael wasn’t winded. He slowed down quickly to prevent from bowling her over. “Hey, Annie. Did you run out of food and have to go hunting?”
Clem was bent over sucking air. He managed to laugh. “That’s a good one.”
Annie looked at Clem. “What’s wrong with him?”
Michael was too used to that tactic because of Aden. He recognized the change of topic. “We were just running a race.” He took the gun away from Annie. “I won.”
“Hey! Give that back!”
Clem managed to straighten up and grab Annie around the waist as she reached for the weapon. “Now, Annie, this isn’t a musical.”
She started to cry. “I have to go find them. I went and looked in their cabin. They’re not there.” She turned and sobbed on Clem’s shoulder. “What if the Beast has eaten them!”
Clem patted her gently on the back. “Calm down, Miss Annie. Why don’t we go inside? I’ll give a holler to Daniel and warn him.”
Michael held the doors open as Clem guided her forward. He followed. Clem led Annie to the counter and Michael carefully laid the gun down on a table. He heard footsteps and looked up.
Cindy was leaning over the upstairs railing. She saw the gun and gasped. Michael felt her panic rise. She came rushing down the stairs. “What’s happened?” She missed the last step and Michael rushed to catch her before she hit the floor.
He scooped her up and held her until she got her balance. “Take a couple deep breaths.”
Cindy squirmed out of his hands and ran to Annie. “Mama, are you okay?” Annie continued to sob on Clem’s shoulder. Cindy looked at Clem. “What happened?”
“Calm down, Girl. She’s okay. We just foiled her plan.”
Annie lifted her head. “I have to go find them. It’s my fault.”
Cindy grabbed her mother’s arm. “No! Mama, you can’t go out there!”
Michael could see that Cindy was headed for trouble. He came to her side. “Cindy. Don’t stress your baby like that.”
Clem looked at him. Michael could feel his concern. 
He remembered his last run in with sensory overload. He had to be careful. He touched Cindy’s arm. “Why don’t you come sit down?” Cindy started to turn and doubled over. Michael caught her. “Clem?”
Clem gave Annie a final squeeze. “You sit right there.” He grabbed Cindy’s other side and helped get her to a chair. “What’s going on?”
His tone had been soft and directed at Cindy but Michael had a feeling he was the one being asked. He slowly began evaluating Cindy with his senses. Her heart rate was too fast and her respiration was too shallow. He put a hand on Cindy’s abdomen. He could feel the baby. She was under stress. He could also feel the muscles contracting. He was no obstetrician but he knew that shouldn’t be happening. “Cindy. You have to relax.”
She grabbed his hand. “Is something wrong with my baby?”
Michael looked up at Clem. He could feel his fear. He looked back at Cindy. “Your baby is under stress. You’ve got to calm down.”
Cindy started to cry. “I can’t lose this baby.”
Michael closed his eyes. “Then you have to be calm.” He reached out with his mind and tried to figure out how to stop the contractions. He heard Clem talking to her, trying to get her to focus on his words and breathe. Michael traced the muscles as he had done in Daniel’s leg. He gently touched the ones that seemed to be contracting with his fingers. He tried using gentle pressure points. It seemed to be working.
Annie started to cry. “Please help her.”
“We’re doing our best. Just hang on. How you doing there, Doc?”
Michael had most of the contractions stopped. “She’s doing better. Just keep her breathing.” His fingers found the last one. It relaxed. He sighed and looked up at Cindy. She was staring at him. Michael wasn’t sure what to say. “Is that better?”
“How did you do that?”
Clem chuckled. He looked down at Michael. “Going into obstetrics now?”
“Hadn’t really thought about it.” He could see the relief on Clem’s face.
Annie came over and hugged Cindy. “Oh, Honey. I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to worry you. Don’t you fret. I’m right here.”
Michael pulled his hand away and stood up. Cindy reached out and grabbed it. “Thank you.” Her eyes shone with tears.
He put his other hand on her shoulder. “Just try to stay calm. Okay?”
She nodded and let go of his hand.
Michael looked over at Clem. “I think we should step out and make that call.” He looked at Annie. “Don’t let her get too excited. A hot cup of a mild herbal tea might help.”
Annie nodded. She hugged Cindy. “You sit right there and just relax. I’ll put on a kettle. I still have some of that nice chamomile from Miss Gertie.”
Cindy put her hands on her stomach and closed her eyes. She was humming softly. It sounded like a lullaby.
Clem pulled Michael toward the door. Once they were on the front porch, Clem looked over at him. “What did you do?”
“I’m not sure. I could feel the muscles contracting. If I touched the right spot, they stopped.”
Clem whistled. “Impressive!” He pulled out the radio. “Let’s give the boys a heads up about the overdo hikers.”
* * *

Aden woke to a wonderful smell. She opened her eyes and found a bundle next to her on the desk. It was one of Annie’s sandwiches. Michael must have gotten into the room and left it for her. She sat up and took the towel. It was still slightly warm. She uncovered the contents and bit into the sandwich. The food tasted as good as it smelled. She was filled with a great sense of relief. She leaned back in the chair and enjoyed the sandwich.
She wondered where he was. The house felt empty. That disturbed her. Not that he wasn’t there but because she could tell. She sighed and used the towel to wipe her hands.
It was getting late in the afternoon. The room had lost the sunlight. She flipped on the desk lamp and opened the satchel. She hadn’t had a chance to do more than glimpse at the files before. There were numerous manila folders, each one with a label. Some were case numbers, others were names, and a group of them seemed to be topics. She pulled one that said missing persons. It was quite thick.
She began flipping through all of the reports. There were small notes along the margins that had a fine hand-written print. She found an entire report in that print and glanced at the name - David Saulenson. That had been Detective Peters’ partner.
The notes in the margins contained dates, place names, and other names that didn’t seem connected to the report. She closed the file and glanced at a few more. There were multiple homicide reports. Many had pictures that looked similar to Duval’s victims. He couldn’t possibly be responsible for all of them.
There was also a rather thick file containing rap sheets on people of interest. Some were police records but there were also things like credit reports, DOL reports, and medical records. Aden was puzzled. She really didn’t understand how it was all connected.
She found a legal pad that David had been writing random notes and theories on. There were pages of them! How long had they been working on this case?
Aden noticed a paper clip attached to the back of the pad. It was a picture of a very dead man. He was missing his right hand! A sticky note was attached to the photo. It had a name in David’s handwriting - Hannibal Fredricks. It was followed by a question mark. Was that a possible identification of the victim? There seemed to be more questions than answers.
Aden heard the front door open. She felt Michael come in the house. She was relieved. He paused in the dining room for a moment then came up the stairs. She could feel his concern. Aden realized she’d been horrible to him earlier. This wasn’t his fault. She was the one who had called him. She really wanted to hold him at that moment.
Aden pushed out of the chair and pulled open the door. He had just been reaching for the handle. He looked surprised. There was something in his hand. It was Jack’s notebook. She looked up at him. “Have you been working on research, too?”
Michael stepped back. “I’m sorry. I hope I didn’t disturb you.”
She could feel his uncertainty. She wanted to cry. She moved forward and fell into his arms. He drew her into a tight embrace. He was filled with relief. Aden could feel him! Not just his physical body. She could feel his emotions and his energy. It was like an aura that glowed around him in the dark hallway.
Michael buried his face in her hair. “I’ve been so worried about you.” She felt him tremble. He leaned back far enough to see her face. “Did you find what I left for you?”
“I did. Thank you.” She moved back into his chest. She didn’t want to let him go. “And I ate it.”
She could feel him smile. “Annie makes the best sandwiches.” He snuggled closer.
Her body rubbed against his. It had been an unconscious movement but it stirred up old memories. She remembered what she’d done to him in the forest. Her body stiffened.
He tightened his hold. “Aden? What’s wrong?” His hand found her face. She tried to look away but he gently turned her face back toward his.
Her eyes filled with tears. She put her forehead on his chest. How could she have done that to him? He had begged her to stop. Her throat closed and refused to allow air passed the block. She had raped him!
“No!” Michael picked her up. She heard something fall to the floor. He was carrying her. “Come on, Baby. Don’t do this again. Please breathe.”
She felt the bed under her. His hands lifted her chin. She felt him force air inside her mouth. She struggled against it but the force of his breath pushed through the block. She gasped.
“That’s it. Just breathe.” He was shaking. He collapsed next to her, still supporting her neck. His other hand rested on her chest. “Please, keep breathing.”
Aden could feel how tired he was. She swallowed hard and rolled toward him. He pulled her close. She nestled into him. “I’m sorry. I don’t know why that keeps happening.”
He found her face and kissed her. She could feel his fear for her. She kissed him back. He responded. Aden began to feel his need. It echoed through her. His kiss became passionate. “Oh, Aden.”
She felt her own need begin to rise. She started to panic. She couldn’t do this to him! Not again! She tried to push away.
He stopped kissing her but didn’t let her go. She could feel his confusion. “What’s wrong?” His tone was soft.
Aden felt her stomach tighten. “I can’t. I don’t want to hurt you.”
He pulled her close. She could feel him shaking. He was crying. What had she done? She found his face. “Michael?”
He struggled for control. “We have to let that go. I hurt you and you hurt me but that’s in the past. This is now.” He kissed her tenderly. “Aden, I love you.” He kissed her again. “I need you.”
She felt his need. It was more powerful than anything she’d ever felt before. He slipped out of his clothes and undressed her. He began touching her. The contact was so intense she couldn’t hold back.
Afterwards, they lay together in each others arms. His lips still lingered lightly across her skin. She began to feel her own body through his touch. She became lost in him.
Aden never wanted to leave this feeling of oneness again but another presence intruded into the envelope they had become. She could feel the emotional conflicts within Clem even before he knocked on the front door and entered the house. She heard him calling their names, felt him go down to the lab, and start up the stairs.
Michael whispered in her ear. “Clem needs us.”
Aden sighed and let go of Michael. The loss of contact was almost too much. She gasped for air.
Michael’s mouth covered hers and he shared his breath with her. It became a tender kiss. He pulled away slowly. “You have to keep breathing. I understand why Joseph says that now.” He caressed the side of her face. “Just pull in fresh air and force your fears away. We can do this. I’m here. I won’t leave you.”
Clem tapped lightly on the doorframe. “I really hate to disturb you.” Aden could feel his nervous energy. 
Michael hugged her. “We’ll be there in a moment, Clem.” 
She heard him go down the stairs. Aden looked up at Michael. “I don’t know if I can do this.”
He sat up on the bed and held out his hands to her. “I know how strong you are. You can. I’m here to help you.”
She took his hands and let him pull her out of the bed. They both dressed quickly and went downstairs.
Clem was pacing in the front hall. “I’m so sorry.”
Aden could smell his tears. The tingle began creeping up her spine. “What’s happened, Clem?”
“It’s getting dark. The couple hasn’t come back yet. Dan and Joe are still out and Annie is beside herself with worry.”
“The couple went out?”
Clem’s face was pale. “I can’t believe Annie wouldn’t have warned them. She let Dan and Joe know.”
Aden grabbed her coat and slipped into it. “When was their last radio check?”
“About twenty minutes ago. Neither of them have found anything.”
Michael opened the door. “Let’s go see what we can do to calm Annie down. The stress isn’t good for her or Cindy.”
They hurried down the street. The lights swung gently in the breeze. Aden could feel the night creatures around them. She inhaled deeply. The smells told a million tales. She didn’t sense the one that concerned her most at the moment. Where was Duval?
They found Annie wiping down the front counter and Cindy seated in a chair by the fire. Aden could feel the tension in both of them.
Cindy jumped out the chair and came toward them as they entered. Aden swallowed hard. She could feel Cindy! The smell of her blood was powerful.
Michael looked at Aden. “Are you all right?”
Aden realized her body was shaking. She leaned on his shoulder. “I can’t get that close to her right now.”
Michael moved forward and intercepted Cindy. He guided her to a chair. “Come and sit down. Don’t worry.” Aden hung back, clinging to the stair banister for support.
Clem went up to the front counter and took Annie’s hands in his own. “Miss Annie, if you don’t stop scrubbing this countertop, there won’t be anything left of it.”
“Oh, Clem. What am I going to do?”
Clem leaned on the counter. “You’re going to stop worrying so much. Michael and I already warned the boys to keep an eye out for them. Daniel and Joseph know this area better than anyone. They’ll find them.”
Annie pulled her hands away from Clem and covered her face. Aden could smell her tears. “I just feel so helpless. I should have warned them. This is all my fault.”
Clem recaptured one of her hands. “Hey now. What kind of talk is that? I’m going to have to get Joseph back here just to give you one of his lectures.”
Annie shook her head. “I’ve heard them all over the years. I just don’t think I can handle it anymore.”
“Miss Annie, I’ve watched you handle things that had big grown lumberjacks messin’ their pants.” He winked at her. “I know. I had to clean them up.”
Annie started laughing through her tears. “You do beat all.” She looked around the room and noticed Aden and Michael. “You must be hungry. I’ve got some dinner on in the kitchen. I’ll bring it out.”
Clem let go of her hand and waited until she’d disappeared through the service doors. He patted the counter. “Safe for a little longer.”
Cindy laughed. “You’re like a superhero, Clem.”
He turned and grinned at her. “Saving furniture from death by cleanliness.” His tone was so comical even Aden had to smile.
She tensed again. She could feel the rumbling vibration of a vehicle coming toward the café. Its wheels crunched on gravel as it pulled into the lot by the porch. Aden felt people get out of the truck. It didn’t feel like Daniel or Joseph. Her fingers started to lose their grip on the banister.
Michael ran to her side and caught her. “I think you should sit down.”
Aden heard the footsteps on the porch. She clung to Michael. “Someone’s here!” Michael held her tightly.
The doors swung open. Jimmy burst through. He glanced around the room and rushed forward. “Sheriff Aden! You’re back! Have you found Granny?”
If Michael wouldn’t have been holding her, she’d have been on the floor. Aden struggled to pull air into her lungs. “No.”
The doors swung open again. Ian McGrayson held them as Maggie walked in. Cindy jumped out of her chair and rushed to Maggie. “You came back!” They threw their arms around each other.
Maggie pulled back slowly. “I’ve been worried about you. When I heard Jimmy asking Ian if he’d come back up here to help him find Emma, I convinced them to let me ride along.”
Aden leaned close to Michael. She drew his scent deeply into her lungs. It didn’t cause the same reaction in her as the smell of the others did. Was it because she’d bitten him? She forced the thought away.
Michael kept a firm hold on her. “Jimmy? What did you have in mind?”
“We brought the dogs. I’m hoping they can find her.”
Aden braced herself. She looked at Jimmy. “The chances of her still being alive.” Her throat tighten and she couldn’t finish.
Jimmy sighed. “I know, Sheriff Aden. I pretty much expect she’s not. But I have to know. I haven’t been able to sleep. I keep thinking she’s out there, just wandering around.”
Ian came forward and put a hand on Jimmy’s shoulder. “We’ll find her, James. Don’t worry.”
Annie came out of the service doors with a tray of food in her hands. She stopped and almost dropped it. Clem came around the counter and grabbed it. “Here, let me give you a hand with that.” His voice trembled.
Aden noticed the tone and wondered what was wrong. She watched him set the tray on a table. He was having trouble breathing. He walked toward the fireplace and leaned on the mantle.
Maggie pulled away from Cindy and went to his side. “Clem? Are you okay?”
He was shaking. He pushed away from the fireplace. The momentum carried him around to face Maggie. “You came back.” His voice was barely a whisper.
Aden grew concerned about Clem. She could see his increase in body temperature. She could feel his heart racing and his lungs struggling. She started to move forward.
Michael grabbed her and held her back. His lips found her ear. “Wait.”
She could feel the emotions flowing through both Clem and Maggie. Aden was confused.
Maggie managed to smile. “I did.”
Clem reached for her and Maggie fell into his arms. He pulled her close and buried his face in her hair. “I’m glad.”
The room filled with radio static. Clem let go of Maggie and reached for the portable on his belt. Annie ran behind the front counter and turned the scanner down. She looked over at Clem. “Try them now.”
Clem keyed the unit. “Rescue One to Danny Boy. What’s your status?”
“I’ve finally made it back to my rig. Hey, Tall Man. Have you had any luck?”
“None. I’m headed down toward the main line. I’ll wait for you there.” Joseph’s voice was almost drowned out by the noise of the truck.
“I read you. Rescue One, we’re headed down.” Daniel signed off.
Annie collapsed on a stool and buried her face in her hands. “What have I done?”
Jimmy went to Clem. “Are they looking for Granny?”
Clem went pale. He looked over at Michael and Aden then back at Jimmy. “We’ve never stopped.” His voice trembled.
Aden’s knees gave. Michael caught her. He leaned close to her face. “Please keep breathing.” His quiet whisper washed over her senses. She clung to him.
Annie got off the stool and staggered toward Aden. “What are we going to do?” She radiated fear. Annie stopped in front of them. “Aden, with Sam gone, you’re the sheriff. Daniel took the temporary duty while you were gone, but Sam appointed you.”
Aden could feel everyone in the room. If Michael wouldn’t have been holding her so tight, she would have fled. “Annie.” She couldn’t control the tremor in her voice.
Annie grabbed her arm. “Aden, please! Danny’s a good man but doesn’t have your experience.”
Aden stared at her. “He’s got more experience up here than I do.”
“But you’re a law officer. He’s not!”
Aden swallowed hard. She’d been to academy but that was a long time ago. “Annie. I’m a claims adjuster. Just because I have a degree in criminal justice, doesn’t mean I’m qualified to be a sheriff.”
Annie stood firm. “That’s more book learnin’ than your daddy or Sam ever had. When Sam appointed you in his place, the town council accepted that appointment. That makes you sheriff.”
Aden was shaking so hard she couldn’t support her weight. Michael kept her from sliding to the floor. She looked up at him. He was watching her. She didn’t feel any fear from him. She looked at all the others in the room.
Ian McGrayson stepped forward. “I seem to be the only representative of the town council present. I agree with what Annie is saying. I don’t know what has happened since we’ve been gone but I’m glad to see that you’re home.”
Annie tugged on her arm. “Aden. Are you ready to come back to duty? We need you.”
They didn’t know what she’d done! She felt Annie’s touch. It terrified her. Michael’s arms gave her a light squeeze. She looked up at him.
Michael rested his forehead against hers. “I know how strong you are. I know you can do this.”
Aden closed her eyes and inhaled deeply. She slowly pulled away from Michael and forced her legs to carry her weight. She turned to Annie. “All right. I made a promise to Sam to see this through.” Her throat tightened around her words. She’d eaten him!
Michael steadied her. “Annie. Aden needs to eat something before she heads out. She’s still weak.”
Aden didn’t want to think about food. “I should,”
Annie grabbed her arm. “Sit down and eat. You listen to what that doctor says. Do you hear?”
Aden sat in the chair and looked up at her. “Yes, ma’am.”
Clem laughed. He came up to Annie and gave her a playful hug. “Miss Annie, are you sure you didn’t miss your calling?”
Annie pulled the towel out of her apron strings and threatened him with it. He backed off. She picked up the tray she’d brought from the kitchen and placed it on the table. “Get started on this.” She looked at the others. “There’s plenty more in the kitchen.” She went through the service doors.
Aden sighed and took a plate. Her stomach rumbled in agreement. Michael took the chair next to her and took his own plate. She looked over at him. “How long will it take me to get over this?”
She could feel his uncertainty. That troubled her. He took a bite of the food and pointed at the plate. “You should eat. This could be a long night. Now I’m really glad I let you sleep.”
Ian pulled a chair to the table. “So who were Daniel and Joseph out looking for?”
Aden managed to swallow her food. Clem put a hand on her shoulder. “It’s all right, Sheriff. You eat. I’ll fill him in.” Clem told Ian, Jimmy, and Maggie about the two guests who’d shown up that morning.
Ian gasped. “Didn’t anyone warn them?”
Cindy had taken a stool at the counter. She looked over at Ian. “Mom didn’t want to frighten them. All she said was that it could be dangerous around here once it got dark.”
Ian frowned. “That’s an understatement! They should have been properly warned about the Beast.”
Aden rose to her feet and planted her hands on the table. She looked straight at Ian. “Duval is not a Beast.” Her voice echoed around the room. She noticed Maggie and Jimmy both back up a step.
Michael put a hand on her arm. “Mr. McGrayson. I thought you understood the virus.”
Ian stood firm but turned his attention to Michael. “What I understand, Doctor, is that there’s a murder on the loose who, so far, no one has been able to stop, even with a bullet.”
Aden swallowed hard. She was also a Beast. She turned toward the fireplace. She felt Michael’s arms around her. He leaned close to her. “I’ll find a way. I promise.”
Aden realized she couldn’t wait for that. She turned to Clem. “Can I borrow your radio?”
He pulled it off his belt and passed it across the table. He didn’t say anything.
She keyed the radio and called for Daniel.
“Hey! Big A! What’s up?”
“Have you rendezvoused with Joseph yet?”
“Just coming up on him now.”
Aden looked over at Cindy. “Did the couple give any indication of where they had planned to go?”
Cindy shook her head. “They asked about a couple of local trails but nothing specific.”
Clem cleared his throat. “They didn’t drive anywhere. Their car is in the lot.”
Aden thought about the various trails that led off from nearby trailheads. That limited the field but there were still too many options. She looked at Ian. “You brought the dogs. Would you be willing to help with this search?”
“Of course.”
Annie came out of the kitchen with another tray of food. Aden waited until she’d set it down. “Annie, we’re going to need access to the couple’s cabin.” She looked at Michael. “Go with her and see if you can find something that the dogs will be able to use to get a scent. And look around for anything that might give us a clue as to where they went.”
The radio crackled in her hand. “Okay, Big A. I’m up with Tall Man. What’s the plan?”
Aden steadied herself by leaning against the table. “We know they left from here. Ian is here with the dogs. Get back to town as fast as you can. By then, I’ll hopefully have at least some idea of what direction we should look.”
“You got it, Sheriff. Danny Boy, clear.” His voice had been quiet but decisive.
Aden tried not to shake. She handed the radio back to Clem. “I need to get a few things from the office.”
Annie held up a set of keys and looked at Michael. “I’ve got the master key to their cabin.”
Michael kissed Aden. “Welcome back.” He let her go and ran out the door after Annie.
Aden didn’t look at anyone else. She went out the door. Michael and Annie were hurrying down the path toward the cabin. She turned toward the street.
She could see the dogs moving around in the back of Ian’s truck. She could feel them, too! They were restless. She came up to the side of the truck. “Hey, pups.”
The dogs moved away from her and cowered against the far wall of the truck bed. They whimpered and whined. She could feel their panic. They knew what she was!
Aden backed away from the truck. She fought with the knot in her throat. She’d always loved the dogs. They’d never feared her before. She swallowed hard and turned away. Aden ran across the street to the office.
She opened the door and rushed inside. Her senses were immediately overwhelmed. The smell of Sam was overpowering. She doubled over and fell to her knees. She remembered the taste of his blood. Her stomach tightened. Aden forced it down. She needed to hold in the few bites of food she’d eaten. She was going to need it.
She struggled to gain her balance, pulling herself up on the plastic molded chairs. The vase of flowers on the small table between the chairs caught her attention. The dried, shriveled stems drooped over the edge of the yellow pottery. A scattering of tiny petals decorated the table below.
Something inside of her snapped. She staggered to her feet, grabbed the vase, and flung it at the back of the room. It shattered against the wall, sending fragments of porcelain, dried green foam, and plant matter across the floor. Aden’s stomach heaved and almost won. She swallowed it down. Aden planted her hands on the desk and struggled to breathe. She couldn’t afford to lose control. 
She thought back to what Joseph had said. She had to fight her way through the sand and cling to the wall. She focused on that image. The radio crackled. She looked up and found it sitting in its charging base on the desk in front of her.
She heard Daniel calling. Aden grabbed the radio and answered. “I’m at the office.”
“We’re coming in hot.”
“Just don’t tear up the road when you land. We don’t have a crew to fix it right now.” She clipped the radio to her belt and reached for a rifle that sat in the rack. Her hands tingled. Sam had been the last one to touch it. She almost dropped it.
Aden felt the vibration of the engines as the headlights of the SUVs pull up outside. She went out the door and almost collided with Daniel. He hugged her then let her go. “Welcome back, Sheriff.” He grinned and pointed to the SUV parked in the lot. “Well, how did I do?”
“Great, but right now we’ve got work to do.”
Daniel put a hand on her shoulder. “Are you fit for duty?”
What choice did she have? “I am.”
“Good.” He pulled the badge off his jacket and held it out to her. “I’ve been keeping this warm for you but it’s time for you to take it back.”
* * *

Michael felt uncomfortable going through their clothes. He easily found a couple of shirts that had been worn the day before. He could smell their scent.
Annie was looking through the man’s briefcase. “They certainly did plan everything out for this trip. They have printed maps of the local roads and they rented the car a month in advance.” She gasped. “I remember this reservation now.”
Michael turned to see what she’d found. She was studying a picture. “Who is that?”
Annie turned the image toward him. “His name was Curt Richards. He used to come up for a week every summer.” Her voice echoed the sadness of her features.
“What happened to him?”
Annie put the photo back. “He passed away. Mrs. Sawyer is his daughter.” She pulled another folder from the briefcase and opened it. “This could be it!”
Michael came around the bed as Annie spread it out. “It’s a map.” That was as much as he could tell. He was still confused by the shades of green and all the lines that didn’t make any sense to him. There was something circled. “Where is this?”
“That’s Fox Lake.” Annie traced a line with her finger. “Oh no! How old is this?” She searched along the border. “Oh my goodness!” She looked up at him. “We have to get this back to Aden right away.”
“What’s wrong?”
She folded up the map. “This is old. These trails aren’t there anymore. The trail that they may be trying to use sloughed off after a storm a few years ago.” She flipped off the lights and shut the door behind them.
Michael started to jog back toward the main building. He heard Annie struggling to keep up and slowed down for her.
Annie caught up to him. “I bet Aden hasn’t been up that trail in a long time.”
He was curious about her tone. “Why do you say that?”
Annie slowed a little more and looked over at him. “Did Aden ever tell you why she wanted to be a lawyer so bad?”
“No. She never talked much about her past at all.”
“Well, that’s not all that surprising.” Annie sighed. “The Fox Lake trail is where she ran into Paul and Davy. They had been part of a bank robbery and were arguing about the money. Paul shot and killed Davy. Aden was the only one who saw it.” Annie’s voice dropped off. She swallowed hard. “Her testimony is what put him away.”
“Wow. She never told me.”
They came up on the porch steps. “I doubt she told many. She took it all very seriously on account of Alan being a sheriff and all.”
Michael opened the door for her. “She was always so serious at school. I was sure she would have been in a big law firm by now. I know that had always been her dream.”
He felt Annie’s emotional turmoil. “Dreams are dangerous. They set us up for disappointments. We never seem to get where we really want to go.”
Michael pushed open the inner door and held it for Annie. He was all too familiar with the illusion of dreams. “I’ve learned it’s more important to have realistic goals and when all else fails, accept modifications.”
He looked around the room. It was empty except for Clem and Maggie. They were sitting in chairs by the fire talking quietly. Michael noticed Clem was holding her hand.
Clem saw them and got up. He made his way through the tables. “We sent Cindy upstairs to lie down for awhile. Ian and Jimmy went out to talk to Joseph.”
Annie sighed deeply. “I’m glad he’s back.” She sank into a chair.
Clem pointed at Michael’s hand. “Nose candy for the puppies?”
Michael looked down at the shirts clenched in his hand. “I hope so. It looks likes they were recently worn.” He dropped them on a table.
Clem pulled him toward the back corner of the room. “Do you think Aden is up to this? She’s only been back with us a day now. And she keeps crashing. Considering your experience with it, is this wise?”
Michael tried to calm his own fears. “She’s strong. She always has been.” He closed his eyes. Old memories swirled behind his lids. Mary had pushed her too hard. Aden had never wanted to talk about her past. Her strength lay in her ability to remove herself from what had been and focus on what was. Her greatest strength was her ability to hide her weaknesses. He’d almost lost her. He would have if Matt hadn’t run after her. Michael hadn’t been strong enough to do it himself.
Clem grabbed his arm. Michael looked up at him. He could feel Clem’s concern. “I’m still worried about you. Are you breathing?”
Michael paid attention to his own respiration. “I am.” He heard the outer doors and felt Joseph coming with two others.
The main doors opened and Annie jumped up from her chair. “I found something.”
Joseph, Ian, and Jimmy quickened their pace. Joseph gave her a hug. “Let’s see what you’ve got.”
Annie spread the map out on a table. Clem pulled Michael over. He was softly humming a tuneless melody.
Jimmy wandered away toward the fireplace. Maggie followed. Michael could see the sorrow in Jimmy’s emotional glow.
Michael noticed Clem was watching. Clem sighed. “I’ve known Jimmy and Emma ever since I got here. This is going to be hard.” He turned to Michael. “For all of us.”
Michael knew Clem was referring to Aden. Was she strong enough even for that? He hoped so. He felt her returning. She was upset about something. Her life had been ripped apart because of him. He had to find away to put her back together.
* * *

Aden stepped up onto the porch of the café. She could feel Daniel right behind her. It made her nervous. She opened the door and rushed through the entry. She could feel Michael inside. He opened the main door for them. Michael looked at her with an odd expression. She could feel his concern.
Annie, Joseph, Ian, and Clem were clustered around a table in the center of the room. Annie looked up. “Aden! Come see this!”
All three of them hurried forward. Aden went to Annie’s right, Daniel to her left, and Michael came up behind Aden. Jimmy and Maggie came over, too.
Annie pointed to the map. “They were headed up to Fox Lake.”
Daniel frowned. “They would have had to drive up to the trailhead for that.”
“They didn’t know about the new trail. This is an old map. It still has the trail that the slide took out.”
Aden recognized the trail. She felt the tingle wrap around her lungs. They struggled to expand. She knew this trail all too well.
Michael put a hand on her shoulder. “Hey. Remember to breathe.”
Daniel pulled a pen out of his coat pocket and circled a spot on the map. “This is where the slide happened. I’ve heard a few people say that they’ve gotten past the slide but it’s not easy.”
Clem looked up at Daniel. “That’s a bad place. I’ve had to haul a couple hikers out of there before. I just hope we don’t have to do it in the dark.”
Aden studied the map, reminding herself of the area. “Is the high line road still open?”
Daniel pointed to a place on the map. “There’s no gate but it’s not the greatest road anymore.”
Aden pointed to a section. “What about this road?”
Clem looked down at the map. “There’s a road there?”
Daniel chuckled. “There used to be.” He looked over at her. “That’s been gated for awhile now but I just happen to have a key.”
Aden was relieved. She looked across the table at Joseph. “You go with Ian up the high line and I’ll go with Daniel across the cut.”
Daniel grinned. “Trees have this nasty habit of growing. It’s not really a cut anymore.”
“That’s beside the point. As long as we can get a rig through. That will put us below the slide. If they made it through and had problems at the lake, Joe and Ian will find them.”
Jimmy looked over at her. “I want to help.”
Aden glanced at him. “I appreciate the offer but I’m going to hold you back here with Clem and Michael in case we need to do a carry out. That way you’ll all be in one place if I need to call on you.”
She looked at Ian. “Do you have what you need for the dogs?”
Michael handed her a couple of shirts. She could smell the scent of the couple on them. She almost dropped them. She passed them across to Ian. “Will these do?”
Ian took them and smelled them. “They’ve been worn. The dogs should be able to get enough from them.”
“Then let’s go.”
Aden turned toward the door. Michael grabbed her around the waist. She felt his presence. “Please remember to keep breathing.”
She turned around and kissed him. “I’ll be back. Don’t worry.”
Daniel came up beside her. “I’ll keep an eye on her, Doc.”
Aden let go of Michael and turned to Daniel. “Let’s rock and roll.”
Daniel mimed an air guitar. “Ow! Let’s go!” He popped a few loud notes. “We’re two cops walking down the street.”
Aden grinned and broke into his beat. “I think it was thugs in the song and neither of us are wearing hats.”
He frowned and held the door open for her. “That’s beside the point.”
She heard Michael laugh as she pushed through the outer doors. The cool night air was a relief after the warmth of the café. She picked up her pace and jogged toward the SUV. She looked back at Daniel. “You know these roads better than I do. You take the wheel.”
“Yes, ma’am!” His excitement seemed out of place. He got in and started up the rig. He pulled on his belt and waited for her to strap in. He backed out slowly and turned the rig around on the road. He accelerated and brought the SUV up to speed. He glanced over at her. “Well, has my take-off passed your inspection?”
Aden leaned back in the seat. She forced her body to relax. “That’s an impressive improvement.”
Daniel grinned. “Does that mean I earn my wings?”
“Don’t say that.” She swallowed hard and gripped the door handle. Sam’s face seemed to stare back at her from the reflection in the windshield. Was he an angel now? She closed her eyes.
“Aden? Are you sure you’re ready for this?”
“I have to be. There isn’t enough of us to argue about it.”
“That sounds like your old man talking.”
Aden forced herself to let go of the armrest. Did he realize how much like his father he sounded? “I just hope we’re not too late.”
Daniel turned off onto a side road that barely deserved the title. They bumped along, saplings smacking the side windows as they passed. “The only good news is the Beast seems to be on the other side of the valley right now.”
Not really. The beast was sitting right beside him. Aden swallowed hard.
“Hey, you breathing over there? Mike’s going to give me a hard time if I don’t bring you home in one piece.”
Aden looked over at Daniel. She struggled to decide what emotions she was feeling from him. They seemed to be all mixed up. “Are you over all that now?”
Daniel sighed. “He’s a good guy. He saved my life, you know.” Daniel’s tone was serious.
Aden shuddered. She remembered! She leaned back in the seat and closed her eyes. She’d almost bitten Daniel! Michael had stopped her. The tremor went through her body. She felt Daniel’s hand on her arm.
“Big A!”
She gasped and opened her eyes. The rig was stopped. She turned and looked at him. “I’m sorry.”
Daniel shut off the engine. He reached across the seat and touched the side of her face with his fingers. “I saw you out there.” His voice was very quiet. “You kicked the stuffing out of that thing. You kept it from attacking me.”
She was shaking. She didn’t know what to say to him. How could she tell him the truth? She’d eaten Sam!
Daniel wiped away her tears. “I’d never been so worried about you in my life. I remember the week you spent out after that big fight with your mom. I wasn’t worried about that. I knew you could handle it.” He was crying. Aden could smell his tears. “I was just worried that this thing was going to get you.” His bottom lip trembled. “Like it got dad.” His words choked.
Aden couldn’t handle it. She pushed the belt release and shoved open the door. She had to escape. She almost fell but managed to grab the door for support. She forced her trembling legs to support her weight.
Daniel rushed around the front of the rig and caught her. “Aden!” He pulled her close. “They didn’t tell you, did they.”
She didn’t trust herself at that moment. She could smell his blood running through his neck. She pushed away from him. “We have a job to do. Let’s get to it.” She could feel his emotions but worked to ignore them. Aden went to the back and pulled out the assault rifle. She pulled the radio from her belt and called Joseph. “We’ve come as far as we can with the rig. We’re going to have to hoof it from here.”
“I copy that. Dog Pack and I have just gotten to the end of the line. We’ll put the dogs out and see if they can find anything.” He signed off.
Daniel had pulled his rifle and a torch. He was checking ammunition. “I’m locked and loaded.” His voice had gone back to business.
“Then let’s go.” She could see the barest trail that had once been a road wide enough for logging equipment. “I’ll take point.”
Daniel switched on the torch. “I got the back side covered.”
Aden moved ahead quickly, away from Daniel. She could see better without the distracting bright light. The forest seemed to glow dimly. She could smell each individual living thing as well as some things that weren’t alive. Before long, she broke through the brush out onto the old trail.
Daniel stopped behind her and swung the light around. “We’re here.” He focused on the slope above them. “There’s the rock slide. I’m going to go that way and see if I can find any signs that people had tried to cross it.”
“I’ll look down the trail a ways. Holler if you see anything.” The light moved away and Aden concentrated on the ground. She found two sets of prints coming up the trail but only one set going back.
She heard the rocks clatter and turned toward the sound. Daniel’s light bobbed up the side of the rock slide. “Daniel! Be careful!”
She saw him start to slide. It was like watching something in slow motion. A large portion of the hill came down with him. 
Aden went into motion. She didn’t think about it. She sprang forward, scrambled across the rolling hillside, and grabbed Daniel’s belt. She heaved him over. Their combined momentum carried them across the rumbling gravel. They ended up about halfway down the hill but off of the avalanche.
Daniel was trembling in her arms. He coughed out dust and groaned. He found her arm. “Aden? Are you okay?”
Aden was listening to the last of the pebbles as they finally came to rest. “I’m breathing.”
Daniel rolled over and looked at her. “Are you hurt?”
“No.” She slowly sat up. She looked over at him. “Are you?”
His laughter sounded giddy. “That’s another one I owe you. How many times are you going to save my sorry hide?”
Aden pulled in air and fought to control the adrenaline rush. “As many times as it takes.” The damaged brush beside them caught her eye. She crawled to her feet and made her way across the hillside to a smaller recent slide. “I think one of our hikers may have had a similar problem.”
Daniel came up beside her. “Why just one?”
“Because I found the tracks of the other going back down on the trail.” She looked down the hillside at the new rock flow. “I sure hope we didn’t bury somebody.”
Daniel focused the light down the slope and moved it across the disturbed landscape. “This could be bad.” His voice was very quiet.
Aden let her senses feel the area. She didn’t think anyone was down there. So where were they? “We know at least one of them went back down the trail. Let’s start there.”
Daniel looked up the slope and whistled. “That was some ride! Getting up this could be a problem.”
“That may have been the case with the hiker, too. He may have gone down and not have been able to get up the hill again.”
“You think it was the guy that went down?”
Aden heard the tone of his voice. She started across the rocks. “Unless he has really small feet and she has bigger ones.” She glanced over her shoulder at him. “We need to get back across this. Go slow. Distribute your weight.”
They got across to the other side. Daniel leaned against a tree. He was breathing hard. “That was all kinds of fun. Let’s not repeat it.”
“I second that motion.” Aden looked up the hill. “It will be easier to follow the trail than bushwhacking through this.” She looked over at Daniel. “Are you ready?”
He pushed off the tree. “Lead on.”
Aden was amused. He had always been the one to lead when they were kids. It seemed odd for the roles to be reversed. She found the easiest way up that she could.
When they got to the top, Daniel bent over and sucked in air. Aden was worried because he was breathing so hard. She didn’t feel winded. He looked up at her. “And here I thought city life might have made you soft. I guess I was wrong about that.”
She didn’t want to think about the real reason. “Let’s make up some time on the trail. Do you want to lead, or should I?”
Daniel straightened up. “You’re the sheriff. Be my guest.”
Aden sighed and took off down the trail. She followed the prints of the smaller feet. She could see how they occasionally went to the side of the trail. She must have been looking down the slope. Had her husband been pushing his way through the brush below?
The ground began to level off. Aden almost missed the point where the prints left the trail. She could hear water in the distance. She thought back to the map. “We must almost be down to Brown Creek.”
Daniel paused to suck in more air. “The trail from the cabins up to Windy Ridge crosses that creek not far from here. If she left this path, her partner might have found that trail.”
Aden followed the bent and broken stems made by the passage. She could almost feel the lingering heat. Were they close? She searched forward. A presence reverberated through her body. She gasped and doubled over.
Daniel rushed to her side and grabbed her. “Aden? What happened?”
She was asking the same question at that moment. She felt something horribly familiar. It was Duval! She almost retched. She struggled to get control of her system.
Daniel pulled her upright into his arms. “Hang on. I’m here.”
She leaned into his shoulder. His blood pulsed dangerously close to her mouth. She could almost taste it. That was too much for her. She pulled away.
Daniel was startled. “Aden? Did I do something wrong?”
“No. We have to find them, fast. I think Duval is in the area.” She turned to him. There was no way she was going to put him in that kind of danger. “Get on the radio and warn Joseph. Let him know where we are. I’m going ahead to find them.” She forced her way through the bush, not waiting for Daniel to complain. She could see the other trail now. She could also feel the terror of the two hikers. They were both still alive for the moment, but they weren’t safe. Duval was hungry.
* * *

Michael watched Annie rubbing the surface of the front counter. He could feel her emotional battle between fear and frustration.
Clem leaned over to Michael. “Maybe I should get Annie a marble counter top. Not only would it look nice and last a long time but she’d have her very own worry stone.”
Michael tried not to laugh and ended up coughing. Annie looked up from her task. “Are you okay? I can bring you more tea.”
Clem chuckled. “Annie, if you give that poor boy any more tea, his eyeballs are going to float away.”
The radio crackled and they all tensed. Clem picked it up off the table. Daniel was calling Joseph. “We’re by Brown Creek. We think they may have jumped to the Windy Ridge Trail. Aden’s worried that the Beast may have caught up with them.”
“I copy that. Ian and I will pull the dogs back and swing back toward town. We’ll have to come up the bottom side of the trail. There’s no closer access point.”
Daniel acknowledged and signed off.
Michael heard footsteps behind them and turned. Maggie and Cindy were on the stairs. Cindy looked ready to faint. “Maggie! Grab her!”
Michael rushed forward and helped Maggie bring Cindy down the stairs. Cindy was gasping. She grabbed Michael’s hand. “Where has my mom gone?”
Michael looked around and realized Annie wasn’t in the room. He met Clem’s gaze. “Where did she go?”
Maggie swallowed hard. “She had a shot gun. She was headed out the door!”
Michael grabbed Clem’s arm. “Call Aden! Warn her about what’s going on. I’ll see if I can follow her.” He headed out the door.
Michael paused only briefly on the porch. He closed his eyes. He could smell Annie! He took off after her. She had gone down the path through the cabins and then up another branch that started climbing the hill behind the complex.
Her trail wasn’t hard to follow. He could almost see where she’d walked. It was startling. But so was the forest around him. It gleamed in its own unnatural light. He almost missed the point where Annie had left the main trail. He had to back track a few steps. The broken stems were visible in the brush along the side of the well-used path. Her scent still lingered. He reached out his senses. He could feel her. His body tensed. He could also feel Duval!
Michael looked up at the trees. Their dark branches swayed menacingly over Annie’s path. Michael braced himself and plunged into the brambles. He didn’t know much about these plants but he discovered some of them had thorns. He paid attention to the leaves and quickly learned which ones to avoid.
He heard sounds ahead and increased his pace. One of the voices was definitely Annie. “Just stay behind me. This critter is serious trouble.”
He could feel them up ahead. He also felt Duval. And then he felt Aden! She must be running fast down a trail.
Michael realized he was getting close to them and he really didn’t want Annie to shoot him. “Annie? Where are you?”
“Michael?”
He pushed through the last of the brush and found the frightened young couple. “It’s okay. You’re safe.” He saw Annie had her gun pointed toward Duval.
Duval hissed and Annie’s gun rang out. Michael felt the pain. It caught him off guard. He slipped and fell back into a tree.
Annie swung around. “Michael! Are you okay?”
What was he going to tell her? “I’m okay but we need to get out of here.” He could feel Duval getting ready to spring.
“Michael! Get them moving, now!” Aden’s voice came out of the darkness.
He grabbed Annie’s arm. “Come on!” He pulled Annie away from Duval’s reach and headed the couple back toward the trail. 
He felt the pain a second before the echo of Aden’s gun reached them. He gasped and hit the ground. He could feel Aden sharing Duval’s pain, too. His side burned like it was on fire.
Fingers found his face. He felt Annie’s concern. “Michael? How bad are you hurt?”
He struggled to get it under control and hoped that Aden didn’t take another shot. He was terrified for her. He managed to get his knees under him. “Give me a moment, Annie.”
The man held out his hand. “Can I help you up?”
Michael accepted it. “Thanks.”
“Thank you. I don’t know what that was but I sure am grateful to you and Miss Thomas for finding us.”
The feeling of pain was beginning to recede. He didn’t feel either Duval or Aden any more. They must have moved far enough away from each other. He took a tentative step. It was a logical excuse. “My ankle seems okay. I’ll be all right. Let’s get you back down.”
He guided Annie and the couple back to the trail. The man seemed impressed. “My name is Jerry.” He held out his hand and Michael shook it.
“Michael.”
Annie chuckled. “Rescued by the doctor. That will be a tale to tell.”
Michael groaned. “Annie. I wish you would have warned us before taking off like that.” He tried to keep his tone light.
Jerry fell into step beside him. “How did you find us?”
Annie paused. “I really should have warned you better over how dangerous it is up here right now. When you didn’t come back, I really got worried. We found the map in your room and realized you might be in trouble. That was an old map. The trail you had marked is gone.”
Jerry hugged his wife. “So we discovered. When we got to the rockslide, Judy begged me to turn back. I should have listened. I tried to go around but I slid. Judy stayed up on top but I had to stay below as it was easier than trying to get back up. But then we got all turned around. I thought we’d come out on the trail if we could find the little creek we’d crossed.”
Annie smiled at him. “You really weren’t far from the trail. If it wasn’t for that critter roaming around up here, you would have been fine.”
Jerry looked at Michael. “Do you think it was shot? I heard the other gun go off.”
Michael swallowed hard. “It’s pretty smart. I’m thinking it got away.” He could see the glow of the lights in the distance. They were almost back to the cabins.
Judy pointed ahead. “Isn’t that pretty? What a nice idea.” They marveled at the lights strung through the trees as they walked toward the main building.
Michael looked at them carefully. Neither seemed to be hurt beyond a few scrapes and bruises. “We’ve got a medic standing by at the main building.”
Jerry hugged his wife. “Are you okay?” She nodded. He looked at Michael. “I think we’re both all right but thank you for the offer.”
Michael felt Aden as he approached the café. He heard footsteps running down the path toward them. Joseph was out of breath by the time he reached them. He scooped Annie up in his arms and held her close.
Jerry pulled his wife toward their cabin. He looked at Michael. “We’re going to get cleaned up before dinner.” He waved and went inside.
Michael started walking slowly toward the café. He wanted to give Annie and Joseph some privacy. He could still hear them.
Joseph sighed deeply. “I was worried about you.”
Annie sniffed. “Why? I didn’t think you worried about things. Isn’t that some kind of sand?”
“Annie.” The tone of his voice said more than any other words could have said. Michael glanced over his shoulder. Joseph was kissing her.
Aden was standing on the porch waiting for him. He came up the steps and stopped in front of her. He could feel the whirl of emotions she was dealing with. He reached out and touched her face. “How are you?”
She didn’t say anything. She came forward and embraced him. She was trembling.
Michael put his arms around her and held her close. He found her face and kissed her. He didn’t want to stop but he heard Annie and Joseph coming up the path. He broke the kiss and rested his forehead on hers. “Come in and get something to eat. It will help.”
They all went in together. Ian and Jimmy were seated at a table. Cindy and Maggie were sitting together by the fireplace. Clem was at the counter on a stool. Daniel was just coming down the stairs. Michael could smell the soap and clean clothes.
Cindy got up and came to Annie. They wrapped their arms around each other and cried. Michael noticed Joseph had Annie’s gun. He put a hand on Daniel’s shoulder. “I’m going to put this back on its pegs in the kitchen.” He went through the service doors.
Cindy took Annie’s hand and led her toward the fire. Michael pulled Aden toward the small table under the stairs. Jack’s Table. He sighed.
Daniel took a seat at the counter next to Clem. “I am so glad that’s over. I’ll really be happy when they go home.”
Clem chuckled. “It’s what my aunt used to call Guest Syndrome. You’re pleased to have them visit but you’re relieved when they leave.” He tapped Dan’s shirt pocket. “I see you’re missing something.”
Daniel looked down at his shirt then back at Clem. “That wasn’t mine. I was just hanging onto it for the sheriff until she got back.” His voice was quiet.
Michael could feel Daniel’s sadness. He pulled Aden close. He could tell she was watching, too. She laid her head on his shoulder.
Clem frowned. “I seemed to recall Aden gave you a piece of tin of your own.”
Daniel fingered the coffee cup on the counter in front of him. “I have half a mind to let Joseph keep it. I don’t know what I’m doing. My dad was the law officer, not me.”
“I don’t think you’ve been doing all that bad.”
Daniel pulled something out of his pocket and put it on the counter. He looked up at Clem. “Is the doctor in?”
Clem picked up the coin and shook his head. “”I’m hardly the person to ask for advice.”
Daniel’s face crumpled. He covered it with his hands. “Is there something I could have done? Some way I could have prevented it?”
Clem stood, slipped the nickel in his pocket, and put an arm around Daniel’s shoulder. “Dan. You can’t blame yourself for that.”
Aden was shaking so hard her teeth were chattering. She pulled out of Michael’s embrace and got up. She ran out the door.
Daniel and Clem both turned and watched her go. Clem looked at Michael with a puzzled expression.
Michael sighed and followed her out. She was on the porch, clinging to a post. He could feel the intensity of her anguish. He came up and encircled her with his arms. She tried to resist at first. Michael slowly pulled her from the post. 
She finally gave up and turned toward him. “I can’t face him.” She was struggling to breathe. Michael was terrified that she was going to crash. A tremor shook her body. “How can I? Every time I look at Daniel, I see Sam’s face!”
Michael held her tight. He didn’t know what to say. He was afraid of saying the wrong thing. He just held her and rocked her gently.
He felt Aden tense as Annie came through the entry. Annie paused at the outer doors. “Is everything okay?” It was a soft whisper.
Michael could feel Aden’s fear. He realized she was hungry. He closed his eyes, remembering what Aden had told him. She must be smelling Annie’s blood. He pulled Aden closer. He had to get her some food. He remembered the basket of sandwiches on the table at the house. He glanced over at Annie. “I’ve got to get Aden back to the house. I think this has been just a bit much for her.” He swept Aden into his arms and started up the road toward the house.
He was almost to the porch when he heard the sound of running feet behind him. He felt Clem’s concern but he also felt Aden’s rising terror. “Clem, go back.”
Clem came to a stop on the pathway to the porch. He was sucking in air. “What happened? Did she crash again?”
Michael carried her up the porch steps and opened the front door. He looked back at Clem. “She needs to eat.”
Clem’s face shifted in the dim light. “Eat?” He swallowed hard.
Michael could feel her crying. He closed his eyes. “I will find a way.”
Michael said good night to Clem and shut the door. He grabbed the basket from the table and went up the stairs.
Aden clung to him. She was shaking. He didn’t want to let her go. He brought her into the bedroom and dropped the basket on the bedside table. He crawled onto the bed and collapsed with her. He was trembling, too.
“Michael? What’s wrong with me?”
“You need to eat.” He reached over and grabbed a sandwich from the basket.
He felt her pulse quicken at the smell of the food. He’d barely gotten it unwrapped before she grabbed it and began eating. He gave her two more before finally eating one himself.
She eventually stopped shaking. He got her undressed and stripped off his own clothes. He pulled the blankets around their bodies and turned off the light. She curled around his body and he held her. He didn’t remember falling asleep.
He woke to her thrashing beside him. She was gasping. “No!” Michael found her face and opened her airway. “Come on, Baby. What’s going on?”
Aden choked. Her eyes flew open and she grabbed his wrists. He could feel her fear.
Michael gently massaged the sides of her face with his fingers. “It’s all right, Aden. You’re safe.”
She looked up at him and pulled in air. “They all know I’m the Beast.”
“You are not a beast. As you love to point out, there is no beast.”
Aden tensed and pushed his hands away. Michael almost fell off the bed. He caught his balance. She rolled out and dragged the blanket with her. She landed in a crouch on the floor. He could feel the anger in her. “I hate to break it to you, but your serum didn’t work! I’m still a Beast!” She sprung up and disappeared out through the bedroom door. The next moment, he heard her cry.
Michael was wrapped up in the sheet. He stumbled off the bed and found her on the floor in the hallway. He rushed to her side. He could feel her pain. “What happened?”
“I stepped on something.” She was staring at the bottom of her foot.
He didn’t see any marks. He looked around and saw something in the corner. He grabbed it. It was Jack’s notebook. He’d dropped it the day before. The spiral binding was unraveling at one end. There was a bright drop of blood on the wire.
Aden picked up the blanket and disappeared into the bathroom, slamming the door. Michael got up carefully. He leaned against the wall. “Aden? I have to run down to the lab. I’ll be right back. How about we get dressed and go down to Annie’s for some breakfast?”
He felt her on the other side of the door. “I don’t know if I can.”
“It’s better with food. Isn’t it?”
“I guess.” She opened the door and looked at him. “What’s wrong with me?”
Michael swallowed hard. The same thing that was wrong with him. He had failed. The serum didn’t work. At least not the way he had intended it to. There had to be an answer. “I don’t know yet.”
She pushed past him and went to the bedroom. She looked back. “Don’t you want to get dressed first?”
He looked down at the sheet wrapped around his middle and grinned. “It worked for Caesar.”
She shrugged and went back into the room. Michael draped the sheet around his shoulders so he wouldn’t trip on it and hurried down to the lab. He didn’t want to risk loosing the blood droplet.
He flipped on the lights and found a clean slide. Michael carefully twisted the wire against it. The blood stuck to the glass. Michael sighed and found a cover for it. He put it in the containment unit and went back upstairs. He left the notebook on the table and went up to the bedroom.
Aden was sitting on the bed brushing her hair. He paused in the doorway and watched, not wanting to interrupt. She turned and looked at him. “You can come in. I won’t bite.” She tensed.
Michael came in and pulled her into his arms. She was crying. “Aden.” He pulled her closer and found her face. His lips found hers and he kissed her deeply.
She finally pulled away. “If we’re going to breakfast, you need to get dressed. And if were not going to breakfast.” She kissed him again.
Michael almost opted out of breakfast but he could feel her hunger. He finally pulled away. “As much as I would love to continue that conversation, I know you need to eat. I don’t want you to get that depleted again.”
He found his clothes and dropped the sheet back on the bed. She made it while he dressed. They went downstairs together. He grabbed the notebook off the table and held her jacket for her. “Madam Sheriff. May I assist you with your coat?” His fake French accent made her giggle. Michael smiled and kissed her. “There’s my Aden.”
They went out the door and Michael put his arm around her shoulders. She fell into step beside him. It was still early in the morning. He wondered if anyone would even be up.
They entered the café and Michael smelled fresh brewing coffee and hot rolls. Annie came out of the kitchen as they entered the main dining room. She had a broad smile on her face. “Good morning! Are you feeling better today, Aden?”
“I am. Thanks, Annie.”
“I’ve got breakfast rolls ready, the coffee is done, and I’ll have eggs anyway you want them shortly.”
Aden tensed then relaxed. Michael felt someone coming. Joseph walked in the door moments later. He had a large wicker basket in his hand. He gave it to Annie and kissed her. “Sorry it took me so long. I wanted to make sure everything got fed. It looked like another goat dropped a kid so there’s plenty of milk if we need it.”
“That’s good to know.” Annie’s cheeks were flushed. She took the basket into the kitchen.
Joseph turned to them. “You two are up early. If you’re chilly, I can start a fire.”
Aden moved toward the corner table. “No. Don’t fuss for us, Joseph.”
Michael followed her and held out a chair for her. She sat down and he took a seat next to her.
Annie came out with a tray of rolls in one hand and the coffee pot in the other. “Turn over cups, here comes the coffee.” She put the tray down on the table.
Michael turned over his cup. Joseph took the chair on the other side of Aden and also turned over his cup. Annie poured. Michael watched the steam rising from the cups. He noticed Aden was trembling slightly. He reached out and grabbed a roll. He held it in front of her nose. “There’s not a bakery anywhere that could top Annie’s rolls. Just smell that goodness.”
He watched Aden inhale. She took the roll and looked at him. “Thank you.”
He put his arm around her and she leaned against him as she ate the roll. He took one for himself. Annie disappeared back into the kitchen. He looked over at Joseph. “She seems a lot happier today.” He noted Joseph’s smile.
Clem came in. “I smell fresh rolls.” He grabbed a chair from a nearby table. “What is this, the troll club sitting under the bridge?” 
Michael laughed. He looked up. “Guess I hadn’t thought of it that way.” He took Jack’s notebook out of his lap and put it on the table. “I still think of this as Jack’s Table.”
Clem spun the chair around backwards and straddled it then rested his chin on his crossed hands on the back of the chair. He sighed. “Ya, that too.” He looked at the notebook. “Any more helpful insights?”
Michael opened the notebook. He’d started adding notes of his own to the pages. “I’ve been looking at some of these translated passages. Some of them don’t make sense and I’m wondering how much might have been lost in the translation.”
Joseph leaned over and looked at the book. “What language do you think it was originally written it?”
“Latin or Greek would be my best guess. Those were the languages of science for a long time. If the translator wasn’t familiar with the history of the language, he might have misunderstood what the original text was saying.”
Michael heard footsteps above. He felt Daniel coming down the stairs. Clem grinned wickedly. “Who’s that tromping on my bridge?” His accent was so silly, they all burst out laughing.
Daniel came around the corner and stared at them. “What is mom putting into her rolls?”
They all laughed even harder. Annie came out of the kitchen with the coffee pot. “Well, that’s a good sound to hear for a change.” She gave Daniel a squeeze. “Grab a cup and I’ll fill it up.”
Daniel grabbed a cup off the counter and looked back at Clem. “What about you, jokester? Want a cup?”
Clem smiled. “Yes, please!” Daniel set two cups on the table. Clem scooted his chair a little closer to Joseph’s. “There you are, Danny Boy. Pull yourself a seat.”
Daniel grinned and pulled a chair up between Michael and Clem. He reached over and grabbed a roll. “Might as well join the happy gang.”
Annie looked over at Aden. “I’ll bring you a pot of tea.”
Aden smiled. “Sounds great. Thanks, Annie.” 
Michael was concerned by the tone of her voice. He looked over at her. She was tucked back in the corner. He leaned toward her. “Are you okay?”
She looked at him. “I’ll survive.”
“Do you want another roll?”
She shook her head.
Clem had been flipping pages in the notebook. Daniel stopped him. “What’s this?”
Michael turned his attention back to them and looked down at the page. “The recipe for holy water.” Michael had written out the symbol transcriptions on the page.
Daniel shook his head. “So what makes it holy?”
Clem chuckled. “Considering the stuff in it, I think it’s a matter of translation. That’s not the religious kind of holy but the swiss cheese kind.”
Annie returned from the kitchen with a big pan of scrambled eggs. “Make room for me to set this down, gang. Then I’ll get you some plates and silverware. I really don’t know why you want to sit all scrunched up in the corner. There’s plenty of space in the rest of the room.”
Daniel raised the notebook. “We’re honoring Jack this morning.”
“Oh.” Annie hurried away. Michael felt her discomfort. She brought a stack of plates over and put them down. She pulled some rolled up place settings out of her apron pocket. She quickly disappeared into the kitchen.
Daniel sighed. “I said the wrong thing. Didn’t I?”
Joseph got up. “You go ahead and eat. I’ll put her back together.” He went through the service doors.
Everyone ate in silence for awhile. Daniel kept staring at the formula for the holy water. He finished off his plate and got up. He pulled a bus bin from under the front counter and dropped his plate in. He looked at Aden. “I’ll be over at the office. I want to look up a few things on the internet.”
Michael watched him walk away then looked over at Aden. She was still pushing the eggs around on her plate. “What’s bothering you?”
“I just can’t eat anymore.” She put her fork down. She glanced at the notebook that lay open on the table. “Detective Saulenson had taken Jack seriously on several things. I really need to go through more of those files. Maybe I can find something in them that will help.” She started to rise.
Michael got up so she could get out without bumping her head on the ceiling. “I’ll finish up my breakfast then I’ll be back to the house. I’ve got to figure out how to solve a problem.”
Clem looked up. “What kind of problem?”
“I’m almost out of rabbit blood for testing the serum trials.” He felt Aden’s gut tighten and looked over at her. He reached for her face and kissed her lightly. “I will find a way.”
She nodded and slipped away from him. She went out the main doors.
Michael sighed and sat back down. “That still freaks her out.”
“How’s she doing?”
Michael shook his head. He dropped his voice. “I’m worried about her. She’s got issues that I never had.” He looked up at Clem. “I’m worried it’s because of the way she got the serum. It wasn’t exactly direct.”
“That’s for sure.” Clem drained his cup. “I was glad it worked at all.” He rubbed his chin. “As far as the blood goes, I haven’t given blood in awhile. I could probably spare a little.”
Michael gasped and looked at Clem. “That could be part of the problem. I’m not using human blood.” Michael flipped through the pages of the notebook until he found the formula for the serum. He studied the proteins carefully. He looked up at Clem. “That could be it. That’s why we used rats or mice instead of rabbits in the lab. Their genetics are a lot closer to our own than rabbits are. And the virus is specifically attacking human-structured mitochondrial DNA.”
Clem grinned. “I guess I’m your man.”
The main doors opened and Jimmy came in. Michael grew concerned by the emotions the young man was having. He looked up at him. “What’s wrong, Jimmy?”
Jimmy wheezed slightly. “Ian wanted to get some gas but I don’t technically work there anymore. I didn’t feel comfortable unlocking the pumps.”
Clem rose and put the chair back at the other table. He put a hand on Jimmy’s shoulder. “You’ll have a job there as long as you want it.” He swallowed hard. “I’ll come unlock the pumps for Ian.” He looked down at Michael’s plate. “Looks like you still have some breakfast to finish. Just come find me at the station when you’re done.”
He watched them leave and turned back to the table. Michael took a bite of his food and flipped back to the serum formula. He heard softer footfalls on the stairs but it didn’t feel like Cindy. He turned to look around the corner.
Maggie came around the banister and gasped. “I’m sorry. I didn’t realize anyone was still here.”
“That’s all right. There’s still plenty of food but you may want to get Annie to warm it up for you. She and Joseph are in the kitchen.”
The service doors swung open and Joseph came out. “However, all things change.” He grinned at Michael then looked back at Maggie. “But do come join us. Michael is certainly right about there being plenty of food.”
Maggie came forward slowly. Michael was confused. She seemed uncomfortable. Joseph pulled out a chair for her. She sat down. Joseph got her a plate and a roll of silverware. Maggie looked up at him. “You don’t have to wait on me.”
Joseph smiled gently. “It’s not a problem.” He sat down next to her. “Annie will be out in a moment with fresh coffee. If you need anything warmed, let me know and I’ll take it back to the kitchen.”
Maggie took a roll and a spoonful of eggs. Her hands shook as she picked up her bundle to pull out the fork. She stared at her food.
Joseph took her hand. “Maggie? What’s wrong?”
Michael could feel her turmoil. He smelled the tears even before the first one fell. Maggie turned to Joseph. “I’m sorry. It’s just been so long.”
Joseph squeezed her hand. “I apologize. It has been awhile since we’ve spoken. My job with my brother has kept me away for too long.” He chuckled. “I think this is the longest I’ve been in Sweetvale since my mother passed away.”
Maggie looked down. “I miss Gran Nan. She was a special person.”
Michael felt uncomfortable. He wasn’t sure what was causing Maggie’s distress. He tried to lighten the mood. “Clem sure was glad to see you come back.”
She managed a little smile then she pulled her hand from Joseph’s and covered her face. She wept.
Michael didn’t understand. Joseph put an arm around Maggie’s shoulders. “I was glad to see you and Clem together. It’s good for both of you.”
She looked at Joseph. “I don’t want to hurt him. I know how difficult it was for him because of Kevin. He was one of the men on the scene.” Her voice trailed off into sobs.
Joseph sighed. “That’s all in the past. You can’t change what has already happened, you can only learn from it. It doesn’t do you any good to dwell on it.”
Maggie looked up at him. “Everything is so uncertain right now. What if something happens?”
Joseph shook his head. “You can plan for the future but it’s never a sure thing. The only thing you really have control of is right now - the present. To pay attention, you have to live in the present moment.”
Michael saw Annie standing in the doorway to the kitchen. She had tears in her eyes. She came in and gave Maggie a hug. “He’s right you know. You have to move forward. Kevin was a good man but so is Clem. And you’d be good for him, too.”
Michael slowly backed away from them, not wanting to intrude more than he already had. He tucked the notebook under his arm and picked up his and Aden’s plates. He dropped them in the bus bin and turned for the door.
Annie touched his arm. “I never had a chance to thank you for last night.”
Michael shrugged. “You don’t have to.” He turned away before the tears clouding his vision could fall.
* * *

Aden paused in the doorway of her father’s office. She was almost afraid that she would smell him. But his scent wasn’t there. She could only smell her own taint and Michael’s distinctive scent. She forced her feet to move her forward and sat down in the chair.
The files were still spread out on the desk. She didn’t know where to begin. She put her hands on the largest stack and fanned it out so she could see the names on the tabs. Her eyes stopped on Duval’s name. She picked up the folder and opened it.
Jack had been right. There were a lot more deaths connected to Duval than the four listed in the primary records. Many had pictures tapes to them. Some of the victims didn’t even have names. They were listed as Jane Doe or John Doe. The pictures all had striking similarities. Duval had been brutal. Their remains were twisted and shredded. The memory of Jack’s death screamed in her mind. She clenched her teeth and forced herself to focus.
The last record had a sticky note on it with David’s fine script. The note read, ‘Could this be someone else?’
She looked at the record. The picture looked different than the other victims. It was still twisted but it didn’t have the shredded appearance. She looked at the date of the report. It was the day she had called Detective Peters for the first time.
Aden began to shake. Her mouth went dry. Duval couldn’t have done this. He’d already been in Sweetvale at least a day! The name on the report was John Doe. He’d been an unknown victim. Aden gasped. David must have meant the killer! Was there another like Duval in Portland? She thought back to Detective Peters’ comment. A virus has to come from somewhere.
Her shaky hands closed the folder and dropped it back on the desk. She leaned her head back against the chair. If there were others that had the virus, what did that mean for her? She felt Michael and Clem come in the front door. Michael’s voice echoed up the stairwell. “I got a hold of George. I think he was worried because I didn’t call yesterday. But you may have been right about the rabbit dying of fear.” His voice trailed off as they moved toward the back of the house.
Aden was relieved. She didn’t think she could face him. She waited until they went down into the basement then quietly went down the stairs and slipped out the front door.
The warm sunshine helped. She walked down to the office. She could feel Daniel inside. Aden went in. Daniel was sweeping the floor. He looked up at her. “You never did care for flower arrangements.” He swept the last of the shards into a dust pan and dumped them in the garbage.
Aden swallowed hard. “Sorry I made such a mess.” She sighed. Daniel was always cleaning up her pieces. She felt out of place there.
Joseph came in. “There you are, Aden. I’m glad I found you. Ian and Jimmy have been looking for you.”
Daniel hung up the broom. “They’re wasting their time. I’ve been over that whole area for the past few days. If Emma was still alive, I would have seen her.” He pulled out the map. “It’s more important to figure out where the Beast is hanging out during the day.”
Aden’s throat constricted. She was the Beast he’d been looking for. Her lungs screamed for air. The memories threatened to overwhelm her. She’d almost fed on Daniel!
Joseph caught her and guided her toward a chair. “Should you be up yet?”
Daniel knelt beside her. “Aden? Are you breathing?”
She struggled to get herself back under control. She looked at Daniel. “We have to do this. It’s part of our job. We have to help Ian and Jimmy.”
Daniel got up. She could feel his anger building. “We don’t have time for this! The Beast probably found her already. What’s the use? So we can drop another bag into Clem’s freezer?” He grabbed his coat. “We have more important things to do.” He went out the door.
Aden covered her face with her hands. It was too much. “I don’t think I can do this. I’m not strong enough.”
Joseph pulled another chair around. “Aden, we all face challenges.” He took her hands in his own and gently pulled them away from her face. “An athlete challenges his muscles by exercising them. That’s the only way to be strong physically. When you are faced with a challenge, you should accept it, knowing that it will benefit you in the end.”
Aden felt lost. He didn’t understand. “And what if it breaks you instead?” She pulled her hands away and got up. She couldn’t face him. She went to the front window. Ian was loading the dogs into the truck.
Joseph pushed the chairs back to their desks and came to stand behind her. “Aden. You’re not alone. I’ll help you.”
His soft reassuring tone calmed her. He was right. She had to face this. Aden trembled. She’d done this. It was her responsibility to deal with the consequences.
Ian started across the street in their direction. Joseph put a hand on her shoulder. “Are you ready for this challenge?”
“As ready as I’ll ever be. Let’s get this done.” She went out the door and met Ian on the porch. “Joseph will be helping us today. Daniel is staying in town in case of any problems.”
Ian nodded. “Where shall we start?”
Aden debated on the best way to get them close to the spot without it being obvious. She thought about the location and realized it really wasn’t that far from the Becker farm. “You’ll need somewhere for the dogs to get a scent. The most logical place would be the house.” Aden turned to Joseph. “We should take separate rigs in case we have to split up.”
“That’s a good idea. I still have to run Daniel up to the cut to get his rig. I’ll meet you up at the Becker place.”
Aden turned to the lot. She hadn’t driven the SUV since Clem had repaired it. She felt in her coat pocket. The keys were there. She looked across the street to where Jimmy was petting the dogs. “Ian, you go ahead and take Jimmy with you. I’ll lead.”
“All right, Sheriff.”
Aden was startled. He was addressing her but she almost expected Sam to be standing there. She turned to Ian. “We want to be out of that area well before dark. Let’s get going.”
He nodded and went back to his truck. Aden went to the SUV, opened it, and got in. Clem must have cleaned it. She didn’t smell anyone. It was a relief. She pulled away from the office and headed up the valley. Everything looked different to her now.
Aden turned up the long bumpy driveway and curled up the hill toward the house. It looked sad in the bright morning light. She had no idea how old the place was. It had been there forever in her memory.
They stopped in front of the walkway and Jimmy jumped out and ran up to the house. Ian brought the dogs out and they began sniffing at everything. Except Aden. They seemed to keep a wide circle around her. Aden felt nervous. Would anyone else notice?
Jimmy came running back with a wrinkled dress. “She was wearing this the day before we came down to town. It hasn’t been washed. Do you think it’s fresh enough?”
Ian took the garment. “It will do.” He whistled to the dogs. “Come round!” They came from all directions and clustered around their master. He held out the dress to them. “Take a scent.”
Aden backed off slightly. Jimmy followed her. She pulled her gun and portable from the rig. She looked toward the remains of the chicken coop. “I’m sure glad you didn’t want that anymore.”
Jimmy chuckled. “You saved me some time. Now all I have to do is clean up the mess.”
Aden felt a chill wrap around her spine. She didn’t say anything. The dogs began to bay as Ian released them. They took off in various directions. This wasn’t going to be easy. Emma had been all over the place. She must have left her scent on dozens of different surfaces that would have been protected from the weather.
Ian frowned. He turned to Jimmy. “Did you search all the buildings already?”
Jimmy sighed. “Ben didn’t give us much time. Roger came up with me but we only ran through the house. I think Roger was just as scared of Ben as he was of the Beast.”
Aden cringed. She had been the beast that finally drove the people away. She had eaten Sam. She slumped against the rig.
Ian looked at her with concern. “Have you eaten breakfast? I have some sandwiches that Annie packed with me.”
“I’ll be okay.” She looked toward the forested path that she and Jimmy had taken that night. It was the closest way toward the thicket. “I’m going to work back down in the direction that we found Emma the night I pulled her out of here.”
Ian picked up his rifle. “Lead on.”
That made her feel even more uncomfortable. Ian called the dogs forward. She started down the trail. The dogs fanned out around them. They bayed at every scent. Aden followed their progress and wondered how long it would take them to find Emma’s body.
Joseph joined them about an hour later. They had been all around the area but the dogs hadn’t seemed interested in going where Aden knew they needed to. Joseph handed her a basket. “Annie wanted me to remind you to eat.”
Aden sighed and took it. That was probably a good idea. She was already aware of the metallic tang of Joseph. She moved to a stump near the edge of the trail and sat down.
Joseph ate in silence. He was watching her. Aden could feel his concern. She did her best to finish off the food. Ian and Jimmy joined them. Jimmy looked disappointed. Joseph put a hand on his shoulder. “Find the stillness inside you. Just breathe.”
Ian offered Jimmy a sandwich. “The dogs have been going crazy. She’s obviously been up here and it must have been since the last big rain.”
Jimmy swallowed his bite. “That would be after we all went to town. We had that big storm the night Beth’s baby was born! I remember Granny wanting to be gone after that.” He looked down.
Aden remembered it too. Emma had told her she wanted to be gone. Aden closed her eyes. Emma had thanked her! The tears made her choke. She got up and started walking down the path. She had to find a way to get the dogs to cooperate.
Aden felt Joseph following her. He was full of questions that she couldn’t answer. He didn’t ask them and she was grateful. She paused when they came to the small footbridge. “This is Cat Creek, isn’t it?”
Joseph nodded. “I remember this bridge. We found Duval about a quarter mile up the creek from here.”
Aden shuddered. She didn’t want to remember that day. She still had nightmares about it. She looked around. “Jimmy and I found Emma in a meadow on the other side of that alder thicket that night. Let’s try there and see if we have any luck.”
Joseph followed her as she made her way down the narrow grown-over track. “Amazing that this trail still exists.”
Aden glanced over her shoulder. “Why? I sort of remember taking this trail down toward your mom’s place when I was a kid.”
Joseph sighed. “That was before they clear cut the section to the west of our land. Now it’s a mess back there. You’d have a hard time finding your way through.”
Aden came around the corpse of trees and paused. It looked different to her now but she was certain this was the same place that she’d found Emma making flower garlands. Aden swallowed hard. And where she’d eaten her.
Joseph caught her arm. “Are you sure you’re strong enough to be out here?”
She looked back at him. “I have to be.” Aden sighed and got her balance. She took a moment to survey the area. “It looks like the grass is trampled in that area over there.”
Joseph started toward it. Aden was suddenly afraid. What if he found something that indicated she had been there with Emma? She followed him.
Joseph came to the patch. He held up a withered garland. “She was here.”
Emma’s scent still lingered. Aden fell to her knees. She couldn’t breathe. She felt Joseph’s arms around her. He lifted her head and rested it on his shoulder. She felt air trickle toward her lungs and her body allowed her ribs to expand.
Joseph held her. “Aden. I’m about ready to take you back down to town. You’re in no condition to be out here.”
Her vision was blurred by tears. “I’m sorry, Joe. I have to do this. This is my fault.” She so desperately wanted to tell him the truth.
He brushed the tears from her face. “You can’t blame yourself for this. You were focused on tracking the Beast.”
She wanted to scream. She was the beast that did this. She didn’t have enough air to even whisper. One of the dogs yelped nearby. She could almost feel it hesitate because of her. She forced herself to focus and take control of her body. “I have to do this.”
Joseph helped her stand. “There’s Ian.” He pulled his radio. “Hey, Dog Pack. We may have a starting location for you.” Joseph waved so Ian could see them.
Aden looked at the grasses around them. She could see the broken stems where she’d carried Emma’s dead body away. Aden began moving along it, hoping the dogs would get over their issue and take the lead. They continued to hang back.
She followed the trail toward the alder thicket. The log was in the middle of the grove somewhere. She looked at the pack. They had spread out around the area and were scenting the ground as if uncertain they really wanted to find what had made the smell.
Jimmy followed her, struggling to catch up. She waited for him. He paused and looked around. “This is the meadow we found her in that night, isn’t it?”
She nodded. “She’d been waiting for Aaron here. I wonder why?”
Jimmy pointed to the north. “Grandma Betsy’s parents used to live in an old house over that ridge. I remember Granny talking about it. I guess Grandpa Aaron would have used this trail to get there when he went to see her.”
Aden remembered Emma’s comment from that night they found her. “He’s gone off to play with Betsy.” She looked back at Jimmy. “I remember. It wasn’t until I mentioned everyone gathering in town that she wanted to leave. She must have remembered all the old town dances we used to have.”
He shrugged. “I don’t remember any of those.”
Aden smiled sadly. “They were before your time.” She started walking into the thicket. Jimmy had been a toddler when she left and here he was, a fine young man. The tears began welling in her eyes. She had to find a way to get the dogs to follow.
The dogs seemed strangely reluctant to come anywhere near the thicket. She spent most of the day trying to encourage them closer to the log. She knew where it was but didn’t want to give it away. Time was running out. Aden was concerned by the fresh tracks she found in the creek bed. Duval had been this way recently - maybe even the previous night. She could smell him.
By late afternoon, Aden was beginning to get desperate. The dogs refused to come near her or the thicket. She had to find a way. Aden moved away from the others and startled a rabbit from its burrow. Without thought, she reached out, grabbed the animal, and wrung its neck. Then she stood staring at the remains in her hands. What had she just done?
The dogs bayed. They must have picked up the scent of the dead rabbit. She started to fling it away. A brown and white head peeked through the grass close by and yelped. It was one of the hounds. It looked uncertain but sniffed in her direction.
Aden looked down at the rabbit in her hands then up at the dog. “You want this, don’t you?” She dangled it out where the dog could see it.
He barked and jumped forward. She could hear others answer. Aden turned and ran toward the thicket, hoping that if the others saw her, they would think she was following the dogs, not the other way around.
Aden led the hound to the log and shoved the dead rabbit deep under the leaf litter then backed away. The dog began pawing at the area. His cohorts came from various directions and joined him. The dogs began to bark with excitement. They’d found what they had been asked to search for.
Ian, Jimmy, and Joseph finally fought their way through the underbrush into the small clearing by the log. Aden returned but didn’t get too close. She didn’t want to frighten the dogs away.
Ian whistled. “Come pack! Come away now!” He dug a baggie of treats out of his pocket and the dogs left the area and swarmed around Ian, eager for their rewards.
Jimmy dropped to his knees beside the log and began digging away the loose material that the dogs had dug up. He gasped and stumbled backwards.
Joseph caught him. “Easy, son.” He looked over at Aden. “You’d better come have a look.”
Aden knew what was there. She came forward and saw that Jimmy had uncovered a wilted hand. They had found Emma. She swallowed hard. “We should call Clem.” Her voice barely escaped. She collapsed against the log.
Joseph rushed to her side. “Aden?” He helped her down to the ground.
Jimmy crawled forward. “Sheriff Aden? Are you okay?”
Ian pulled out his portable and called for Clem. When Clem answered, he quickly detailed their location. “I’m also worried about Aden.”
“What happened?” She could hear the fear in Clem’s voice, even through the little speaker.
Ian knelt next to Joseph. “She’s collapsed. I think she’s conscious but doesn’t look well.”
She shook her head. “I’ll be fine. Don’t worry him.”
The radio crackled. “I’ll head up there with the squad. Daniel is here. I think he can let me into the forest road at the cut. It’s a lot closer from there than the Becker place.”
Aden pulled her own portable. “Don’t worry about me. I’ll be able to walk out.”
“Glad to hear that. But I’ll grab Doc, just to be safe.”
Aden thought about it for a moment. He was probably still in the lab. She looked over at the dogs. They all hovered back away from her. The tingle wrapped around her heart and squeezed. Something had gone wrong with the serum! She keyed the radio. “No, don’t bother Michael. He’s got to keep working on that serum.”
Clem acknowledged and Joseph helped her to her feet. “Let’s back off until Clem gets here.”
Aden agreed. They flagged the easiest path into the thicket and regrouped in the meadow.
Ian put a hand on Jimmy’s shoulder. “Why don’t you come help me with the dogs? Clem will come up and take care of this.”
Jimmy looked pale. “No. I have to be here.” He moved off a short ways and sat down with his back to a rock.
Ian looked at Aden and Joseph. “Well, I’m going to pull the hounds away. They’ve been restless all day. I can’t understand it.” He looked up in the sky. “I don’t see any changes coming in the weather but who knows. The dogs are far more sensitive than we are.” He nodded to both of them and whistled for the pack. They clustered around him and followed him back toward the main trail.
Aden sat down on the rock next to Jimmy. “I’m sorry about Granny.”
He wiped the tears from his eyes, leaving streaks on his damp face. “She wanted to be gone.” He looked around. “And this was her favorite place. At least the Beast didn’t get her.”
Aden gasped. “What do you mean?”
Jimmy wrapped his arms around himself. “She’s buried herself like that before. I found her in the hayloft one day. She’d pulled a bale apart and covered up with it. Another day, I found her in the laundry room, buried in old sheets.” He looked toward the thicket. “I’ve heard the talk. The Beast wouldn’t have buried her. She probably did that herself and froze to death over night.” He pulled his knees up, crossed his arms, and rested his head on them.
Aden sat quietly, staring at nothing, until she heard the sound of Clem’s voice on the radio. He and Daniel were bringing a bag and carry litter. They’d be there shortly.
She looked down at Jimmy. He’d stopped crying and was staring out over the meadow. “Sheriff Aden? Would it be against the law to bury Granny here?”
Aden shuddered, remembering what Michael had told her about the decomposing bodies in the morgue. “I’m sorry, Jimmy. I’m afraid it would be.” She could see his disappointment. “However, if her body were cremated, you could probably spread her ashes up here. No one would have to know.” She put a hand on his shoulder and stood up. Clem and Daniel had rounded the corner of the trail and were headed in their direction. “I’ll mention it to Clem, if you’d like.”
Jimmy got to his feet. “Yes, ma’am. Thank you.”
Clem and Daniel stopped next to her. Aden could see the concern on their faces. Daniel looked ready to cry. Clem had a look close to terror on his face. He swallowed hard. “I brought an extra white suit with me.” He glanced at Daniel and Joseph before looking back at her. “Doc wants everyone to be careful, just in case.” He handed it to Aden.
Daniel frowned. “I’ll go in and do this, Clem. Aden looks like hell.”
“Gee, thanks.” She took the package. The label size was medium. “But I don’t think you’d fit in this suit. I’m afraid it’s my size.”
She removed her utility belt and coat and slipped into the suit. Clem helped her with the adjustments. “There you go, Astronaut Aden. You’re ready for the invasion.”
She swallowed hard, realizing Clem didn’t know how close to the truth that statement was. Aden noticed how dark it was getting. She was beginning to worry. “Joe, I don’t like the idea of leaving the town unprotected. You and Jimmy should head back.” She handed Jimmy her keys.” Take my rig. I trust you with it.” She looked back at Joseph. “Daniel can stand watch here and guard us on our way out.”
Joseph nodded. Jimmy started to protest but Joseph put a hand on his shoulder. “There’s nothing more you can do for her, Jimmy. She’s gone now. Let Clem and Aden pick up her loom. They’ll get it back to town.”
Aden sighed. “Thanks, Joe.” She looked at Daniel. “I don’t have my portable on so if you have problems - shout real loud.” He grinned. She picked up the other end of the litter and helped Clem navigate into the deepening gloom of the thicket.
Clem was quiet as they dug the body out of the leaf litter. Aden wondered what must be going through his mind. He also found the body of the rabbit. He held it up. “Appetizer?”
Aden trembled. She had drained the rabbit! She almost lost her stomach. She crawled backward and curled into a ball. What was wrong with her? Why hadn’t she fully recovered? She shook.
Clem put his arms around her. “Aden? I’m sorry.” He hugged her. “This can’t be easy for you. Forgive me for being so stupid.”
She turned and hugged him back. “Let’s just get this done.”
They got her bagged up. Clem started to bury the rabbit back in the loam. Aden got the horrible image of vampire bunnies running around and stopped him. She took the rabbit to the edge of the clearing and ripped it into shreds.
She came back as Clem was zipping up the heavy black bag. He pulled off his mask. “We should be safe now.” His voice trembled.
Aden looked down at the mess of fur and gore on her gloves. She swallowed hard. “I’m sorry. That was over the top. Huh?”
He looked uncomfortable. “Just a little.” He pointed at the litter. “Let’s get this out of here before Danny Boy has a heart attack and we have to haul him out on top of it all.”
Aden took one last look at the log. She noticed the faded circle of flowers that Emma had placed around her neck. She remembered tucking them into a nook of the log. She went to the ground and picked them up from where they had fallen. “Could you back up a moment while I open the bag?”
He complied.
She unzipped the bag and placed the flowers on Emma’s chest. She kissed the old woman’s leathery forehead. “I hope wherever you’re gone to, Emma, it’s better than here.”
* * *

Michael backed away from the monitor and rubbed his eyes. This sample was no different than the last few hundred had been. The genetic signature of the altered virus remained unchanged. He’d tried every receptor block he could think of. Nothing seemed to stop the virus from its initial attack.
He glanced back at the diagram he’d constructed from the one in Jack’s notebook. The protein was definitely the same. How had the people in the early sixteen hundreds figured it out? He tucked that puzzle back into memory again and returned to the more pressing issue. What was really going on with the altered virus?
He looked at his samples. Duval’s blood was almost gone. The blood Clem had let him draw was getting low. He wasn’t worried about his own. He had plenty of that. Another slide caught his attention. He picked it up. It was the slide he’d made that morning from the drop of Aden’s blood. A chill went through him. What was he going to tell her?
He took a small amount of the blood and prepped a slide for the STEM. He had a thought. Was her blood any different from his? He added a droplet of his own blood next to hers and put the slide in the unit. After the pump beeped, he opened the viewer.
Aden’s blood also contained the modified virus. He captured a frame then moved to his sample. The frames looked identical! The virus in Aden had reacted to his blood the way the virus in his body had reacted to the serum. The thought staggered him. She had ingested his blood. The corrected sequence had survived the digestive process and had been absorbed through the intestinal tract. This was one serious alteration.
He got off the stool and stretched. How long had he been staring at the monitor? He turned around. The world beyond the windows was dark. He fought against the panic. Had Aden returned yet?
He went upstairs and out the front door. He allowed his senses to expand. He could feel the barest tingle that he’d come to recognize as Aden. Another presence sent his nerves tingling. Duval!
Michael started running. He wasn’t even sure where he was headed, just in the general direction of that feeling. Motion on the porch of the café caught his attention. It was Cindy! He could see her warm outline against the coolness of the building. She was carrying something hot on a platter. She stepped off the porch and headed for the Office.
Michael felt Duval move toward her. He increased his pace and started to shout, hoping Aden would feel him. That must be part of her discomfort. If he could feel her, she could certainly feel him! 
Duval sprang from the shadows. Cindy had stopped in the middle of the street, obviously confused by his shout.
Michael could see motion in the office now. Someone was moving toward the door. There was no way they were going to be fast enough.
Duval leapt toward Cindy. Michael launched himself at Duval and caught him around the waist. Their collision sent them tumbling toward the porch of the café. At some point during the tumble, Duval managed to twist free. He snarled and rolled to his feet, turning to pounce on Michael.
Michael prepared himself for the attack as best he could. A noise split the night. Duval went flying backward and pain gripped Michael’s body. Had Duval reached out and ripped out his guts? Michael grabbed his abdomen, expecting to find blood. There was nothing. Just pain. He looked over to where Duval lay panting. His gut was exposed by a huge gaping hole. Michael could almost see his body struggling to mend the damage. He was feeling Duval’s pain.
Michael rolled enough to see Aden. She had collapsed on the ground next to Cindy. The hot gun lay next to her. Michael was terrified. She was feeling it, too. He struggled to his feet.
“Michael? Are you okay?”
He turned to see Annie standing on the porch. She had her shot gun in hand but it was cold. “I’ll be all right. I just got the wind knocked out of me. I’m worried about Cindy and Aden.” He stumbled to where they lay.
Cindy looked pale. Michael put a hand on her arm. “Cindy! Just breathe.”
Daniel appeared at her side and took Cindy in his arms. “I’ve got you, Honey Girl! You’re okay.” He looked at Michael. “How’s Aden?”
Michael dropped to his knees and managed to get Aden to uncurl. She huddled in his arms, trembling. He looked up at Daniel. “I’m guessing that gun packs a kick.”
Daniel nodded. “Especially with one of those rounds.”
Annie came up and put her arm around Cindy. “Are you okay?”
Cindy managed to nod. She looked down at the spilled sandwiches. “I dropped them.” Her voice sounded thin.
Michael grew concerned. He noticed Clem come out of the fire station with a med box and whistled. Clem jogged over. Michael pointed at Cindy. “You better check her. I’ve got Aden.”
Joseph knelt on the other side of Aden. “How’s she doing?”
Michael could feel her struggling. The last thing he wanted was for her to have a seizure. He lifted her head. “Hey, Baby. Are you breathing?”
She looked up at him. He could almost hear her thoughts. He could certainly see the look of terror on her face. He pulled her close. She tensed. “What am I?” Her whisper went through him like a cold wind and chilled him to the bone.
Michael heard the crunch of feet on gravel. He looked up to see the couple coming forward. Judy paused but Jerry came toward them. “We heard the shouting and a gun shot. Is everyone all right?”
Annie turned to him. “Oh, my goodness! Mr. Sawyer! I’m so sorry you were bothered. That critter that we’ve been having all the difficulty with lately came into town unexpectedly.” She paused and looked around then turned to Daniel. “Why aren’t the lights on?”
Daniel looked around. “That’s a good question.” He hugged Cindy. “Why don’t you go in with mom and give her a hand. I’m going to go down to the school with Joe and see if we can’t figure out why the lights aren’t working.”
Cindy clung to Annie’s arm for support. Annie looked at the Sawyers. “I’ve got a roast just out of the oven and plenty to go with it. Why don’t you come in for dinner?”
Judy smiled. “Thank you.” She took Cindy’s other arm. “And thank you so much for your help. I really appreciate it.”
Cindy smiled at her. “It was nothing. So you got up to the lake okay?”
“We did. It looked just like the place in Daddy’s pictures. I’m sure he’ll be happy there.”
Michael felt Aden tense. She struggled to get up. He helped her to her feet. Joseph picked up the rifle. Aden waited until the couple had disappeared into the café. “Did they have someone else with them?”
Daniel made a strange face. “Ya, in a pot.” He shuddered. “That gives me the creeps! I don’t get the whole ashes thing.”
Aden looked around. “Don’t let Jimmy hear you say that. He’s having a rough time right now.”
“Sorry.” Daniel studied the ground. He sighed. “About this morning, too.” He looked at Joseph. “Shall we go look into a breaker?”
Clem chuckled. “Are you going to give it a ticket for malfunction?”
“Can I?”
Joseph kept the gun and grabbed Daniel’s arm. “Come on. I’ll be happy to get the lights on. I never did see where Duval crawled off to.
Aden shook her head. Michael put his arm around her and pulled her close. He watched Joseph and Daniel walk up the street then looked down at Aden. He could feel her shaking in his arms. “You need something to eat.”
Clem looked at Aden. “I second that motion.”
“For you or for her?”
Clem started toward the café. “For all of us.”
Michael was a little concerned by his tone. He gently pulled Aden closer. She seemed distant. “How did it go?”
She didn’t answer. Aden put her arm around his waist and let him lead her. He could feel that her eyes were closed. He kissed the top of her head as they got to the porch. She paused and looked up at him. He could see the questions in her eyes. He kissed her to keep them from tumbling from her lips.
Clem was waiting for them in the entry way. He held the door open for them as they entered the main dining room. Michael didn’t see Cindy or Annie anywhere. They were probably in the kitchen. The couple was seated at a table and Mr. McGrayson and Jimmy occupied another. Maggie was sitting alone in a chair by the fire. Michael grew concerned. He tapped Clem on the shoulder. “I think she’s been crying.”
Clem turned to see who Michael was pointing at. He seemed to melt. “I hope she’s okay.” He moved off in Maggie’s direction.
Michael led Aden to the counter. Cindy came out with a tray of plates heaped with food. She looked over at them. “I’ll have yours in a moment.” She took the tray and deposited plates in front of the couple and the men.
Michael pulled Aden close. She rested her head on his chest. He could tell she was troubled. He wrapped his arms around her and whispered into her hair. “I’ve got you. You’re safe.”
He could feel her tremble. “I’m the danger.” Her voice was very low but he heard it without difficulty.
Michael rested his chin on her head and looked over to where Clem sat next to Maggie. She was still crying. Clem looked tense. “Hey, Mags, everything will be all right. You’ll see.”
She looked over at Clem and put her arms around his shoulders. “I’ve never felt so scared before. I don’t know what to do.”
Clem relaxed and put his arms around her. He held her and rocked her gently. “We’ll get through this.”
Michael smiled and closed his eyes. He felt the tear slide down his face and plop onto Aden’s head.
She turned her face and looked up at him. She had tears in her eyes, too. “At least it’s over for Jimmy.”
He could feel the emotions rolling through her. He cradled her face in his hands. “You did good.” She lost control and leaned into his chest. Michael was confused. What had he said?
Two plates were set down on the counter. He turned to see Cindy standing there. She was biting her bottom lip. She looked sad. “Her dad used to say that to her.” She took the other two plates and moved toward Clem and Maggie.
Michael closed his eyes and held her tight. How could he help her get passed that? “I’m sorry, Baby. Come on. Try to eat something.”
Aden turned her head to look at the plate. “I am hungry.” She sat straight and picked up the fork.
Michael found his. The roast smelled incredible. But it was Annie’s cooking, after all. He took a bite. The sensation was amazing. He started eating. He was surprised when Aden put a hand on his arm. He looked over at her. “This is really good!”
She had an odd expression on her face. She leaned close. “Are you okay?”
Michael swallowed the bite in his mouth and realized the entire piece of roast was gone from his plate. Had he finished it already? He looked back at her and dropped his voice. “I ate that really fast, didn’t I?”
She nodded and wiped his chin with her napkin. He could feel her fear. She took the fork from his hand and set it down on the counter. She leaned close again. “The roast? It was goat.”
* * *

Aden looked at the shock in Michael’s face. Was he still affected by the virus, too? She turned back to her meal and slowly finished it. Michael ate the rest of the food on his plate. They both were eating at least twice as much as they had before.
She heard the main doors open and looked over her shoulder. Daniel and Joseph came in. Cindy got up from where she’d been sitting with Jimmy and Ian. Aden could feel her worry. Cindy grabbed Daniel’s arm and leaned close. “Where’s Mom?”
Daniel frowned. “What do you mean? Isn’t she here?”
Cindy went pale. Daniel grabbed her and led her toward the counter. Michael jumped up and whistled to get Clem and Maggie’s attention. They both rushed forward.
Michael put his hand on her neck. “She’s not getting good perfusion. Joe, move that table so we can lay her down on the floor.”
Joseph moved things aside and Daniel, Clem, and Michael laid her down. Maggie knelt beside her. She looked at Daniel. “What happened?”
Daniel looked confused. “She was asking about mom.” He looked around. “Where is she?”
Maggie swallowed hard. “She had the shot gun with her when she left. I overheard her tell Cindy she was going to give you a hand with some fuses.”
Daniel looked at Joe and started to rise. Aden got off the stool. “No. You stay with Cinders.”
Michael stood. “Clem and Maggie can do more for her than I can. I’ll come with you in case she’s hurt.”
Aden nodded and looked at Joe. “Keep everyone in the main building until we get back.”
Joseph looked uncertain. “I should come with you.”
“Not this time, Joe. I’d rather have you here to help Daniel.” She looked at Michael. “I can grab the med bag from the back of my rig.”
Joseph stood and picked up the assault rifle. “At least take this with you.”
Aden took the gun. She headed for the door. She could feel Michael right behind her. She didn’t pause on the porch but ran to the rig and opened the back.
Michael grabbed the first aid pack. “Where do you think she is?”
Aden closed the rig. “I think she went after Duval.”
“I was afraid you were going to say that.”
There was a very faint sound. Aden paused, not sure what she’d just heard. She heard it again. It was the report of a shot gun. She grabbed Michael. “We’re going to have to hurry!” She turned and ran toward the trail that wove up the hillside behind the cabins.
Michael was keeping up with her. She didn’t dare look back. The footing was too treacherous. She was afraid to ask him the question that burned in her mind.
Another shot echoed across the hillside. This one was closer. Aden picked up her pace. She came over the top of the ridgeline and saw them.
Annie had the shot gun resting against her hip and pointed at Duval. He was crawling behind a boulder, trying to get away from her. Aden started to run down the hill toward them. She heard Michael’s warning a second before the pain hit her. She stumbled and caught herself on a rock.
Michael caught up with her. He was gritting his teeth. Had the uphill run winded him? “We’ve got to stop Annie.”
Aden nodded and pushed herself off the rock. She fought against the pain, remembering all too well what it was she was feeling. It was Duval’s pain. She half slid down the graveled slope toward Annie. “Don’t shoot!”
Annie kept her weapon trained on Duval but glanced at Aden as she stumbled toward her. “No, Aden. Don’t you dare interfere! This is between me and the Beast. I’m tired of that thing going after my daughter. The law is for humans, not monsters like that thing.”
Aden was struck by her venomous words. She swallowed hard. She was also a monster, then. She had killed Emma and Sam. Aden felt Michael’s hand on her shoulder. She struggled to get her feelings under control. “Annie. If you really want to help Cindy, you need to go back down with Michael, right now.”
Annie hesitated. “Why?” Her voice rang with fear. “What’s wrong?”
Aden watched Duval slip away into the shadows. She kept the feeling of his presence in her line of sight. He was working his way around to attack Annie!
“Michael! Get her out of here, now!” She pushed a clip home and flipped back the safety.
He looked at her. “Aden!” He leaned close. “Don’t. You’ll only make it worse.”
She shook her head and pushed him toward Annie. “Just get her safely back to town. I’ll deal with Duval.” She could see him creeping through the brush on the other side of the clearing.
Michael grabbed Annie. “Come on.”
Annie tried to pull away. She looked at Aden. “You’ve got to kill it!”
Aden was shaking. “You don’t know what you’re asking.”
Michael tried to guide her up the slope. “Annie, I’m not sure she can. Not until I get the serum figured out.”
Annie looked ready to cry. She let Michael pull her away.
Michael paused at the top of the hill and looked back at Aden. “Be careful!”
Aden was focused on Duval, who had crawled out into the open. She leveled her rifle at him. He stopped at looked at her. She didn’t take her eyes off of Duval. “Just get Annie out of here. I’ll see you back at the house.”
Aden felt Michael retreat with Annie. She stared down at Duval, the barrel pointed at his head. She didn’t know if she could actually survive if she blew his head away. What would it do to her?
Duval looked up and whimpered. She could feel his pain. It was intense. He was desperate to feed. His body trembled with anguish. He reached out a hand to her as if begging for help.
Aden felt her finger on the trigger. She saw her face reflected in the shine of his eyes. He was crying. He desperately needed help. Was it his fault that he had this virus? Hadn’t that been Michael’s argument? Someone else had done this to him.
Aden swallowed and lowered the gun. “What the hell do I do with you now? Haul you into jail and lock you up until Michael can get his serum fixed?”
Duval let his hand drop. He was panting. Aden could see the damage the shot gun had done to Duval’s body. White goo oozed from numerous wounds made by the shot. They didn’t look like they were healing very well. He kept watching her.
Aden could feel him. That terrified her more than anything. She moved forward. The feeling of pain intensified. She gasped and almost fell. She was forced to back away. What was going on with that?
Aden leaned back on a rock and studied the dejected pile of misery. “I can’t seem to get near you right now.” She was going to have to do something for him. She felt the breeze coming over the ridge. She smelled it. There was at least one deer not far away. She looked down at Duval. “All right. Stay there. I’ll see what I can find.”
It didn’t take her long to find the deer. She considered shooting it but that would be messy. The clip was loaded with explosive tips and she didn’t have any other ammunition with her. She put the gun down. The deer easily fell under her weight. She broke its neck to end the struggle. She could almost feel the energy leave its body. Was that the soul that Joseph kept talking about?
She hoisted it up to her shoulder. Blood dripped down from a gash in the deer’s side where broken ribs protruded. The smell made her stagger. She swallowed down the saliva. Aden grabbed her gun and went back to the clearing. Duval was still there. He was obviously struggling. She dropped the deer in front of him. He looked up at her and crawled to the body. He ripped open the gut and began consuming the organs. He tore at the bloody flesh with his fingernails and gorged on the meat.
Aden watched it all with a mixture of horror and fascination. She remembered the rabbit and shuddered. Is this what it had looked like to Clem as she tore up the little body?
Duval was beginning to heal. She could see the difference the fresh food had made in a very short time. His body spasmed. The rippling shock wave caught her off guard. She stumbled backward. Why could she still feel his pain? She regained her balance after it passed. 
He panted and looked up at her, blood dripping from his chin. She could feel what he wanted. He hadn’t drained the body. He’d left the blood for her.
Aden’s body stiffened. Did he expect her to eat it? Her mouth began to salivate. She backed away and grabbed the gun. She could feel her pulse throbbing in her body. She could smell the blood that covered her clothes. Her stomach growled in anticipation. She wanted to feed! She couldn’t. Aden stumbled backward and fell. She got up, turned, and ran.
Her mind raged with ghosts from her past. The drunken laugh of her mother echoed out from her memory box. “You were a waste of my flesh! You want to be a lawyer? You haven’t got what it takes. You’ll never amount to anything. You’re just like your father.”
Aden stumbled and fell down the side of the gully. She felt nothing. Her hand splashed in the water at the bottom. She lay for a long time sobbing, until there was nothing left in her soul.
She finally managed to pull herself to the stream. She looked down on the rippled surface of the water at her blood streaked face. A Beast looked back. Aden grabbed at the water with both hands and started scrubbing her face, trying to wash the Beast away.
She finally crawled to her feet and stumbled through the forest. She found the trail by accident and followed it down. As she came close to the end of the trail, she could feel them waiting there for her. She stopped and looked down at her clothes. She was covered with dirt, blood, and deer fur. How was she going to explain that to Daniel and Joseph?
She could hear them arguing. Daniel’s voice was shrill. “I don’t care what Doc said. I’m not waiting any longer! What if Duval hurts her?”
“Daniel!” Joseph’s call warned her that Daniel had given up waiting.
She looked around. There was a muddy section where the recent rain had caused a small slump. She threw herself down into it and scrubbed the remains of the deer away. She crawled out again and started down the trail. She could see Daniel’s light bobbing through the dim forest ahead of him. She didn’t want him to shoot her. “Who’s there?”
Daniel stopped. “Aden?”
Aden came down to meet him. As she came into his beam, he ran forward and hugged her. “I was afraid the Beast had attacked you.”
She felt Joseph approaching and pulled away. “Daniel.” She looked down at the mess she’d made of him and started laughing. “We have shared way too much dirt over the years.”
He hugged her again. “I don’t care.” He was shaking. She couldn’t tell if he was laughing or crying.
Aden let Joseph take the gun. She gave Daniel a proper hug and let him go. “What we both really need now is a shower.”
Joseph shone his light across them. “Are you hurt?”
Aden sighed. “Remember that line about pride cometh before the fall? Ya, I have no pride left.” She swallowed hard and looked back the way she’d come. She could feel Duval. He was curling up somewhere to sleep. She turned back to them. “I lost Duval somewhere up in Brown Creek.”
Joseph shook his head. “That explains the mud.”
Daniel kept one arm around her. “Come on. We should get back. There’s a whole lot of worried folks back in town.”
Joseph looked back over his shoulder as he walked beside Aden. “Do you think we’ll have any more trouble tonight?”
“I doubt it. Annie put some serious hurt on Duval. He slipped away as Michael and I were trying to get Annie out of there. I just never got a good clear shot at him after that.” Her mouth felt dry. She hated lying to them.
She almost tripped. Joseph caught her. “You need sleep after that shower.”
“I’m sure I do.” They were close enough now that Aden could feel the others in the café. It freaked her out. She didn’t feel Michael.
They came up to the brightly lit pathway that wound through the cabins behind the café. Daniel sighed. “It sure is pretty. Do you remember our graduation party? Annie had strung all the little lights in the trees like this.”
Aden wanted to cry. She couldn’t even speak. Daniel looked down at her, concerned. She just looked at him. “Thank you.” It was all she could manage.
Joseph held up the rifle. “I’ll take care of this for you. Don’t worry about it.”
Aden decided not to go in. “I don’t want to scare folks. They should be safe to go back to their cabins.” She said good night and jogged up the road.
She could feel him now. A soft song drifted on the breeze. She recognized the melody. Michael was sitting on the front porch playing the guitar and humming, trying to get some fingering to work.
He stopped and looked up at her. He put the guitar aside and ran down the steps. He reached for her.
Aden put out her hands. “Don’t! I’m covered in mud!”
He stared at her. “What happened? Are you okay?”
“Can’t you tell?”
She could feel his fear and it terrified her. She pushed past him and stopped on the porch. She couldn’t drag all this mud into the house. She pulled off the jacket and stripped out of her outer clothes, leaving them in a pile.
Michael came up to her. “It’s a lot warmer in the house.”
She was shaking but she didn’t feel cold. She could feel him and smell him. She moved closer. She realized his blood didn’t affect her the way it did with others. Why was he different? She let go of her senses and felt him. She was falling toward darkness.
Michael’s voice called her name. He seemed to be far away. “Aden! Please! Don’t do this! Come back to me.”
She followed the sound of his voice and realized they were on the floor of the front hall. She was cradled in his arms and he was rocking her while humming softly. Tears fell down his face and onto her dirty one.
She reached up and caught one of his tears. He opened his eyes and looked down at her. She struggled to pull words together. “What am I?”
He pulled her close. “You are whatever I am. I don’t know. Maybe someday I will.” He rocked her gently and cried into her hair.
Aden could feel his anguish. She leaned into him. “If I weren’t so dirty right now, I’d kiss you.”
He looked down at her and brushed away the dirt from her face. “Care to join me in a shower?” He’d tried to make it sound playful.
“We used to do that all the time back in Portland. It saved a bunch on the water bill.”
He leaned closer. “Was that the only reason?”
“No.”
He kissed her. Then backed away, trying to get the fur out of his mouth. “What the heck?”
She started crying again. “I’m sorry. I had to.”
He looked down at her. “Didn’t you get enough for dinner?”
She closed her eyes. “It wasn’t for me.” She buried her face in his stomach, waiting for him to question her sanity.
He didn’t. He helped her stand then picked her up and carried her up the stairs. He set her down in the bathroom, turned on the water, and helped her out of the last few garments. He pulled her into the shower and began washing away the dirt.
Aden trembled at his touch. It was like an electric shock. He must be feeling it, too. She could see it in his face. She tried to pull away.
Michael drew her close and held her. The contact of their bodies was overpowering. He clung to her. “Aden.”
She surrendered and allowed her own body to relax against his. He began to touch her. Aden lost herself in his caress.
* * *

Michael woke slowly. He felt her beside him. She was restless. He let his senses feel her. She was still asleep but troubled. She must be dreaming. He stroked her face with his fingertips. “It’s only a dream, Love. Don’t worry. I’m here.”
She startled awake and her body went rigid. She gasped. Her lungs froze.
Michael was fully awake now. He quickly tilted her head to open her airway. It didn’t seem to help. He covered her mouth and pinched her nose closed. It took more force than expected to push the air in. “Come on, Baby. I thought we were done with this.” He looked around the room. He couldn’t remember where her radio had ended up the night before. Desperate, he started chest compressions. “Breathe! Come on, Aden! Breathe!”
She started coughing and he rolled her to the side and held her while she convulsed, trying to support her neck and back. Eventually the seizure ended. She lay trembling in his arms. But he could feel the air moving through her. That was a good thing.
He stroked her hair, trying to get his own tears under control. “Please be okay. I don’t want to lose you.”
She rolled into him and held him tight. “I don’t know what happened.”
He kissed her forehead. “You stopped breathing. That’s really the worst part of it. I know I went through that a lot at first, too.”
“You did?” Her voice was faint.
He looked down at her and met her gaze. “I’ve been trying to figure out how to tell you all of this. Things have been so insane.”
She touched his face. “Why am I like this? Is it because I bit you?” He could feel her panic rising.
“No! Don’t do that to yourself. We’ve been through this already. Remember? The virus controlled you. You didn’t have the ability to stop yourself.” He could feel her trembling in his arms. He pulled her close and closed his eyes. “Aden. As far as you biting me? I made you bite me. You didn’t want to.” He buried his face in her hair. “But I didn’t want to let you go again. I knew you needed what was in my blood.”
She was shaking so hard her teeth were rattling. “I almost killed you.” She sobbed. “I remember. Clem had to pull me away from you.” She wept.
He closed his eyes. All he could do was hold her. He actually didn’t remember much of all that. Clem had told him later. He had to find some way to get her passed the memories. He thought about the samples in the lab. He found her face and kissed her deeply. She was forced to stop crying.
Both of their bodies reacted so strongly that Michael was overwhelmed. She deepened the kiss. He moved his hand down her body and shivered with the contact. It was as though they were sharing the same nerve cells.
He felt her need. It was too powerful. His body responded. He found himself hard. He groaned. She rolled and pulled him on top of her. He found himself inside of her.
She moaned and began moving under him. He stopped resisting and let his body match her. They moved together in perfect harmony. He could feel the rhythm echo through the waves that surrounded them. The intensity built and the release was like an explosion.
She clung to him. “Please don’t let me go.”
He held her tight. “I’ve got you.”
They lay together, feeling each other, for a long time. He heard the radio crackle and groaned. It must be in a different room.
Aden tensed. He listened. It was Daniel calling for Joseph to join him at the school. She sighed. “I hope it’s not important.”
“If it was, they would call you. Right?”
She looked up at him. “I really do need to get dressed.”
He kissed her. “I know.” He reluctantly let her go. There was another need affecting his body.
She sat up and sighed. “I’m going to have to do some laundry.” She looked at her dresser and frowned. “I have no idea if anything in there fits me.”
Michael watched her move toward it. The movement of her body stirred him. She turned and looked back. He could read the expression on her face easily and had to laugh. “I’m sorry! Get dressed! I’ll get out of here.” He went to the bathroom.
She was pulling on some old clothes when he returned. She looked in the mirror. “I can’t believe these still fit.”
He grabbed her around the waist from behind. “It just proves you’re still as beautiful as you’ve always been.” He kissed her on the neck.
She turned in his arms and looked at him. Her expression had gone serious. He was startled. What had he said wrong now? She traced his lips with her finger. “Do you ever think about biting me?”
He was shocked. “No. I’ve never.” The look on her face terrified him.
She pulled away and reached for the hair brush. “Do you know how hard it is for me to walk into a room of people? I can smell them.” She stopped brushing and faced him. “I can taste them!” She threw the brush across the room, gathered up a pile of clothes, and stomped out the door.
Michael went to the doorway and watched her go down the stairs. He leaned his head against the doorframe and closed his eyes. There had to be a way to help her control that. 
He put on his shoes and started for the stairs. The radio crackled. He found it leaning against the wall of the upstairs hallway, still attached to her utility belt. Daniel’s voice startled him as he called for Aden. Michael wasn’t sure what to do. He pulled it off the belt and pressed the key. “This is Doc. Aden is doing laundry.”
He heard Daniel laughing as he came back on. “Considering last night, that’s probably a good thing. Drag her down to breakfast soon. I’ve got something to show her.”
“We’ll be down shortly.” He heard Daniel signal clear but wasn’t sure if he was supposed to or not. He picked up the utility belt.
He heard the front door close and hurried down stairs. He extended his senses and could feel Aden moving down the hallway. He relaxed. She must have retrieved the clothes from the front porch.
Michael went down the hall and into the laundry room. Aden shoved something on the shelf and put the soap box back. Had she found another memento? He cleared his throat. “Daniel is hoping you’ll come to breakfast soon. He’s got something.”
“What is it?” Her voice sounded tense.
“I don’t know. He didn’t say.” He looked toward the basement door.
She came up to him. “You wanted to show me something in the lab?”
He looked at her. “You need to see this.” He took her hand and led her downstairs. He woke up the system with a wiggle of the mouse. He put her belt and radio on the counter and turned to her. “Look carefully at these two samples.” He brought them up on the monitor.
Aden leaned on the counter and studied the images. “I don’t see any difference at all. What am I looking at?”
Michael pointed to the screen. “This one is my blood and that one is yours.”
Aden started to buckle. He reached out and caught her. She looked up at him. “I don’t understand. Why do I still feel this way?”
He pulled her close. “We both do.”
She leaned back and looked up at him. “But I want to bite people. You don’t!”
“No. But I sure have a thing for goat roast.”
She didn’t laugh. Her body trembled. She leaned into him and buried her face. “How can I live like this?”
He kissed the top of her head. “I seem to recall that food generally helps. Why don’t we go down to Annie’s and see if she has any more of that goat roast left.”
She sighed, let him go, and started for the packing room door. Michael cleared his throat. “You’re forgetting something.” She looked back. He pointed at her gear.
She took it and put it on. “I never wanted this job.” She clipped the radio to the belt. “Now it owns me.”
Michael put his arm around her. “I’ll find a way to end this. I promise.”
They went up the stairs. The washing machine was churning away. She patted the top. “I’ll have to remember to come back and put these in the dryer when it’s done.”
Michael glanced up and noticed her badge on the shelf. “You’re still missing something.” He started to reach for it.
Aden grabbed his hand. He looked at her. Emotional war waged within her soul. Michael felt uncertain. “What’s wrong?”
“Nothing.” She took the badge and led him down the hall toward the front door.
He paused in the hall and pinned the badge to the front pocket of her shirt. He grinned. “You look like a real wild west sheriff in that shirt.”
She smoothed it out. “I haven’t worn it in a very long time.” She looked up at him. Her emotions seemed to come to a focal point. “We need to figure out what to do about Duval.” He started to reach for the door but she pulled him back. “Michael. I’m serious.” She looked down at the floor.
He could feel something was wrong. He reached down and pulled her chin up. “What is it?”
“I couldn’t do it. I couldn’t kill him.” She turned her head away. “He looked up at me and I saw myself in his eyes.” Her voice shook.
“He can’t control it anymore than we could.” Michael sighed and looked at her. “The virus is in control. That’s what’s driving him to kill.”
Aden’s bottom lip trembled. She turned to him. “My father taught me not to judge but to let a court decide. He said it was the job of a law officer to be the best they could be, to respect the law, to follow it to the letter, to be the example because we were expected to do what nobody else could. To bring order to chaos. But this goes beyond anything I ever studied, either in pre-law or at the academy.”
Michael gazed into her eyes. “We are pieces in a much bigger puzzle. According to Jack’s notebook, somewhere out there are others, just like Duval. And there are people who are getting up to go to work that have no idea they are going to die today, anymore than Duval’s victims did. But we could make a difference. If I can find a way to stop this virus,”
She put a finger on his lips. “Duval is just as much a victim of this virus as those he kills. Just like I was. If I deserve a chance, so does he.”
Michael nodded. “I’ll make a new batch of serum.”
She stared at him. “What will that really do? He’s going to end up like us. Isn’t he?”
Michael studied the wood grain of the entryway floor. “I’ve been trying to figure out what’s going on.” He looked up at her. “I don’t fully understand this virus yet. I used the formula from Jack’s notes. I knew I was short on time. The serum that it describes doesn’t stop the virus, just modifies it.”
Her face went pale. She swallowed hard and went out the front door. 
Michael followed, closing the door behind him, and jogged to catch up. “Aden!”
She whirled around and looked at him. “But you used it!”
“I had to.” He grabbed her shoulders. “You asked me if I ever thought of biting anyone? Well I did think about it. I almost bit you. That night you came down into the lab. I could feel you coming. I wanted your blood so bad that it terrified me. I was afraid I was going to kill you. The serum had killed the rabbit. I would rather die than hurt you. When I jabbed that needle into my gut, I thought I was going to die.” His voice had become so low and harsh, it hurt him to speak.
Her eyes filled with tears. She covered her mouth with her hands and turned away. He watched her walk down the street. He felt like his soul was ripping apart. All he could do was follow her.
Michael caught up to her on the porch of the café. He didn’t know what to say. He jumped ahead and held open the outer door. 
She paused and looked at him. “I’m sorry.”
He brushed the tears away and kissed her. “I love you.”
She hugged him and he enclosed her in his arms. His stomach growled and she laughed through her tears. “We’d better feed our inner beasts.” Her whisper was deafening.
Michael found her ear. “There are no beasts here.” He kissed her again and drew her inside the main room.
Clem and Maggie were the only ones there. He almost didn’t want to disturb them but Clem noticed their arrival and waved. “We saved you a seat.”
Michael grinned and pulled Aden toward the table. He felt her hesitate and looked around. “What’s Annie got on the menu this morning?”
Clem’s brow went up. “Oh! Extra hungry are we?” He glanced at Aden and got up. “I planned ahead.” He brought two bowls from the counter and set them at the table. “Annie’s Amazing Oatmeal! And it should be cool enough to eat now.”
Michael had to smile. “You’re the amazing one.”
Maggie laughed. “I can’t argue with that.”
Michael noticed the warmth of Clem’s face increase. Michael pulled out the chair for Aden. He sat down between her and Maggie. He could feel Aden’s relief. They both dug in.
Clem watched her eat for a moment. He sighed. “Aden?”
She paused and looked up at him. “What is it, Clem?”
He swallowed hard and pulled a couple pieces of paper out of an inner pocket. Michael could see his hand shaking. “I got a call this morning from the county. Some of my paperwork is overdue.” He opened them. “And now there’s another.” Clem swallowed hard and looked up at her. “You are the sheriff.” He slowly pushed the documents across the table. “These require your signature.” Clem’s voice was barely a whisper.
Aden pulled them over and turned them around. He felt the turmoil within her and pulled her close. He glanced down at them. The forms were official death notices. Michael closed his eyes and put his head on Aden’s shoulder.
Aden was trembling. “I don’t have a pen.”
Michael heard something being slid across the table. He looked up. Aden signed both Emma’s and Sam’s certificates and passed them back to Clem. She put her hands over her face.
Clem took the documents back and put them back in his pocket. “I’m sorry.” His voice shook. He closed his eyes and tears escaped.
Maggie put her arms around him. “Clem.” He leaned on her and cried. She put her head on his shoulder. “You’re not alone.”
Michael pulled Aden close. Her emotions cascaded through her. She turned and buried her face in his chest. He found her ear. “I’m here. Please hang on.”
Michael could feel them coming. Aden tensed in his arms. She looked up at him. He kissed away her tears. “I will find a way.”
The main doors opened. Jimmy and Mr. McGrayson entered. They came toward the table. Michael put a hand on Aden’s shoulder even though he was pretty sure she already knew who had come in.
Mr. McGrayson stopped and looked down at Aden. “Is everything all right?”
Clem sat up straight in his chair and pulled away from Maggie. They had dried their tears on each others shoulders. Clem pulled himself together and looked up. “Sorry Ian. Just some difficult business we had to deal with.”
The old man nodded and went to the counter. Michael could feel his tension. Ian turned and looked back at them. “It’s about time for us to get on the road but Annie insisted we come to breakfast.” 
Jimmy didn’t sit. “I’m just glad it’s over.” He moved toward the wall where a picture had a purple ribbon tied to it. Michael realized it was a photo of Emma.
Aden went rigid. He started massaging her shoulders. She slowly relaxed. He leaned close. “Are you doing better?”
She nodded. “I don’t think I can eat any more.”
Maggie was watching Jimmy. She patted Clem on the hand. “I need to talk to him.”
Clem watched her get up. “She’s good with people.”
Michael hugged Aden. He stirred the rest of his oatmeal but watched Jimmy and Maggie.
Maggie put a hand on Jimmy’s shoulder. “I’m sure Ben will do a service for her.”
Jimmy nodded. “Ian already asked him about that.” He touched Emma’s face in the picture. “Joseph talked to me last night. It helped a lot.”
Maggie rubbed his arm. “She’s in a better place now.”
Jimmy sighed. “I know.” He turned to her. “Ben sure was mighty upset with Ian and me for letting you come up with us.”
Maggie dropped her hand. “I left him a note. I’ve been worried about Cindy.” She glanced toward Clem then back at Jimmy. “Ben just worries too much sometimes.”
Jimmy shrugged. “Ian promised to get you back safe today.”
Clem stiffened in his chair. Michael could see the grip tighten on his coffee cup. Clem looked down and chewed on his lip. “I suppose that would be safest.” His voice was barely a whisper.
Michael glanced over at Maggie. She didn’t look very happy about the idea either. He looked back at Clem and leaned over the table. “Hey, Army.” Clem looked up just enough to see him. Michael grinned gently. “I wouldn’t throw in the towel just yet.”
Cindy came out of the back with a coffee pot. “Sorry things are taking so long this morning. Joseph went out egg gathering and discovered chickens play hide and seek with their eggs.” She filled Clem’s cup and looked at Maggie. “Hey, Mags. Do you want me to top off your cup?”
Maggie gave Jimmy a final pat on the arm and came back to the table. “Please. Thanks, Cinders.”
Cindy looked down at Michael. “Coffee?”
“I’ll pass.” He looked at Aden. She shook her head. “We’re good.”
The doors swung open and the Sawyers came in. Cindy put the coffee pot down and came forward to greet them. “We’ve got fresh cinnamon rolls and Mom is working on omelets.”
Judy hugged her. “You’ve all been so wonderful. Thank you. It’s no wonder that my dad had such fond memories of this place. That’s all he talked about near the end.”
Jerry put an arm around his wife’s shoulders. “We really wish we could stay but we have to catch a plane and it’s a long drive back to the airport.”
“Of course.” Cindy smiled. “I can pack a couple of breakfast rolls for you to take with you!” She disappeared into the kitchen and the couple went to the counter and sat on stools. They chatted quietly with Mr. McGrayson.
Michael glanced over at Clem. He looked just as relieved to see them leaving as he was. Clem looked over at Aden. “Do you think they’ll be safe getting out of here?”
Aden closed her eyes. “It’s a bright sunny day. Duval is probably curled up in some dark corner.”
Maggie swallowed hard. “I was worried about you last night. Daniel said you came back covered in mud.”
Aden smiled weakly. “Brown Creek lived up to its name.”
Annie came out of the kitchen and hugged the couple. “It’s been so nice having you visit. We’re already settled up.” Cindy came out with a cute little basket tied with colorful ribbons and handed it to Judy. Annie smiled. “And these are for the road. I never send anyone away hungry.”
They thanked Annie and Cindy, waved to everyone in the room, and turned toward the door. 
Daniel opened it from the other side as they approached. “Oh, allow me.” He held it open for them as they walked out. He turned and waved with an exaggerated smile. “Have a nice day!”
Joseph held the outer doors for them. He followed Daniel into the main dining room.
Daniel leaned against the stair banister and watched the doors close behind Joseph. “I am so glad that’s over!” He looked at Annie. “Please tell me we don’t have any more schedule surprises like that.”
She shook her head. “I checked the books.” Her voice sounded sad. She slipped back into the kitchen.
Cindy looked upset. She came to Daniel. “That’s really not fair to her, Dan. You know how hard it is to keep this place going, especially now.”
Daniel hugged her. “I know. I’m sorry.”
She looked up at him. “I think you’re telling that to the wrong person.” She pulled him toward the kitchen. She paused in the doorway and looked at Mr. McGrayson. “I’ll be right out with breakfast.”
Daniel glanced in their direction. Michael almost laughed at the comical expression of fear on his face before Cindy dragged him through the doors. Joseph shook his head and sat down at the counter.
Clem had also noticed. “And into the lion’s den he goes.”
Maggie laughed. ”Wouldn’t that make a twist to one of Ben’s sermons.”
Clem’s face fell. “I suppose.” He choked up. He looked at Michael. His fear radiated around him. He reached over and took Maggie’s hand. “Would you step over here with me a moment?”
Maggie looked confused. “Sure.” She let Clem lead her toward a table by the fireplace.
Aden looked at Michael. “Am I missing something?”
He was glad she’d kept her voice down. He was well aware that Mr. McGrayson had moved to the table next to the one they occupied. “I’ll tell you later if you don’t figure it out sooner.” He motioned toward Clem and Maggie.
Clem had sat down next to her facing away from everyone else but Michael could hear them just fine. He felt it. Clem was nervous. He had his hands in his pockets and he drew something out, fingered it for a moment, and put it on the table in front of Maggie.
Aden gasped. She leaned toward him. “Man, that nickel is really getting around.”
He looked at her. “Is that our nickel?”
“I think it is.”
Maggie was staring at it, speechless. Clem looked even more uncomfortable. Maggie picked it up and turned it over in her fingers. 
Michael could smell the tears. He glanced at Aden. It wasn’t her. She was watching Maggie and Clem.
Clem finally cleared his throat. “It seems everyone around here keeps blowing things. I’m a mechanic so I try to fix things.” He looked at his hands. “I just can’t seem to fix my own things. That seems to be a common problem. Doesn’t it?”
Maggie looked over at him. Michael could see her struggling. He could see how they both felt. He reached over and took Aden’s hand. She squeezed his fingers.
Clem sighed. “I know it’s dangerous up here right now but it’s not so bad if you stay in town and keep where it’s light at night.” He swallowed hard and looked at her. “I mean, you could stay with me.” His voice trailed off.
Annie came out and started to say something but Joseph caught her. He took the tray she’d been carrying and set it on the counter. She looked confused. Joseph put a finger to his lips and pulled her around so she could see Clem and Maggie. Joseph put his arms around Annie and leaned close to her ear. “Give them a moment.”
Maggie didn’t seem to have noticed. She was staring at Clem. She slowly reached out and took his hand. “Living is dangerous, no matter where you are.”
 He looked up at her. Michael could see the tension in his back. “I’ll keep you safe.” His whisper was so quiet Michael was sure only Maggie, Aden, and he had heard it.
Maggie stood up and pulled Clem up with her. She leaned toward him and Clem pulled her into his arms. Both of them were crying.
Annie gasped. Michael looked over at her. Joseph had his arms wrapped around her waist. Cindy and Daniel stood together in the kitchen doorway, also watching. Michael looked at Aden and realized she wasn’t breathing. He pulled her toward him. “Hey, your lungs are supposed to be doing something. Remember?”
She let her chest expand and color came back to her face. She looked up at him. Her eyes were glassy with fresh tears. She leaned forward and kissed him lightly.
Mr. McGrayson clicked his tongue. “What am I going to tell Ben?”
Annie hugged Joseph and retrieved the platter. She brought it over to the table where the old man sat with Jimmy. She put a plate down in front of both of them and turned to Mr. McGrayson. “You can remind him that his step-daughter is an adult and more than capable of making her own decisions.”
Michael leaned back in his chair and grinned. He pulled Aden close and nuzzled her ear. “A lion indeed.”
Aden started coughing.
Annie moved to her side. “Aden? Are you okay? I’ve got hot water in the back. I can bring you some tea.” She looked at Michael. “And I’ve got lots of rolls and fresh omelets.”
Michael smiled at her. “That sounds perfect.” He looked over at Clem and Maggie then back to Annie. “I’m guessing they’re ready for breakfast, too.” He’d said it loud enough, hoping to get Clem’s attention.
Clem straightened and pulled Maggie back toward the table. “That’s Doc’s way of reminding us to eat.”
Annie patted Michael on the shoulder. “I’ll be right back.”
Clem got to the table and held the chair out for Maggie. She smiled at him and sat down.
Jimmy looked up from his breakfast. “Are you really staying up here, Miss Maggie?”
She looked at Clem. “I am.” Michael could see the relief on Clem’s face.
Mr. McGrayson wiped his chin with his napkin and put it on the table. “Well, then Jimmy and I will be on our way.” He didn’t look at them. He stood up and headed for the door.
Jimmy looked down at his unfinished meal and sighed. He grabbed the cinnamon roll and got up. He waited until the old man had left the room then turned to Maggie. “He’s a little nervous about facing the preacher, I’d imagine. Too many sermons on fire and brimstone.”
Joseph left the counter and came up to Jimmy. He held out his hand. “I hope you won’t have that problem.”
Jimmy smiled and shook it. “No, sir. No more boxes for me.” He looked over at Clem. “I will come back. I promise.”
Clem stood and came around the table. He gave Jimmy a quick hug. “And you’ll have a job waiting for you.” He patted Jimmy on the back. “I’ll talk to the funeral director in town and get that cremation set up for Emma. I’m sure it won’t be a problem.”
Jimmy came over to Aden and looked down at her. “Thank you, Sheriff Aden. For everything.”
Aden swallowed hard. “Good luck, Jimmy, and tell Holly I said hello.”
“I’ll do that.” He waved to Daniel and Cindy and pushed out through the doors.
Annie returned with her hands full. She almost tripped over Cindy and Daniel. Daniel reached out and grabbed the tray. “Here, Mom. Let me help you carry that. You just come along and dispense.”
Annie seemed unbalanced without the tray. Joseph moved forward and caught her. “Are you okay?” He brushed away the tears from her eyes. Her face crumpled. She started to turn back toward the kitchen but Joseph held her tight.
She pivoted and leaned into his chest. “I can’t do it.”
Joseph held her close. “What can’t you do, my darling Annie?”
Daniel set the tray down in the center of their table and looked back. “Is she okay?”
Michael could feel the different emotions radiating from Annie and Joseph. He noticed Cindy start to move forward. He looked up at Daniel. “Don’t let Cindy interrupt.”
Daniel looked back then hurried to intercept Cindy. He pulled her back to the table.
Joseph was focused on Annie. He didn’t seem to notice. He brushed the loose strands of hair back from her face. “What is troubling you so?”
She looked up at him. “I have so many regrets. I just can’t stand it anymore.” Her voice shook.
Joseph rocked her gently. “Let them go. You don’t need to carry them anymore.”
“Oh, Joe.” She buried her face in his chest. “I could never tell Alan how I really felt about him. I was afraid to. And now he’s gone. And poor Sam. I know how he felt about me but I just couldn’t.” Her voice broke into sobs.
Joseph closed his eyes. “Let the sand flow away.”
Michael felt Aden tremble. He realized what Annie had just said. She had loved Aden’s father. Michael pulled her closer. He glanced over at Cindy. She looked on the verge of panic.
Annie looked up at Joseph. “I’ve heard your speeches about sand and love and all that, but damn it, Joe! I love you!”
Cindy gasped. Daniel held her tight. Clem and Maggie both tensed. Michael did a quick assessment. He leaned toward Clem. “Cindy is okay. It’s Annie I’m worried about.”
Joseph’s expression didn’t change. He leaned down and kissed her. Annie melted into his embrace.
Michael hugged Aden. “Hey, Baby. Remember, air is your friend.”
Clem chuckled. “I think we need to pass that message around the room.” He took an exaggerated deep breath and looked over at Maggie. “Air is your friend. Pass it on.”
Maggie giggled. “That’s sounds like grade school.”
Joseph broke the kiss but kept his hold on Annie. Michael figured that was a good thing or she would be on the floor. Joseph stroked her face. “Everyone has tatters and loose threads in their tapestries. I’ll help you pull yours together.”
Cindy looked around the room then up at Daniel. “Mom doesn’t have any tapestries. What is Joe talking about?”
Joseph chuckled and pulled Annie toward a chair. He looked over at Daniel and Cindy. “Why don’t you come join us?”
Daniel grinned and led Cindy to the table where Joseph had seated Annie. Daniel held out the chair for Cindy and sat next to her. “Honey, I don’t think he’s talking about the cloth kind that hang on walls.”
Joseph smiled. “You’ve been paying attention.” He pulled the chair around so he could sit next to Annie and support her. She leaned on his shoulder. Joseph looked down at her. “We all weave a tapestry every moment of our lives. The Universe lays down the weft in front of us and we create the weave as we make our decisions in life.”
Annie looked up at him. “Mine must really be messy.”
Joseph kissed her forehead. “Don’t worry, Darling. I’ll help you pull it all together.”
* - * - *
Part 7 - Reflections
Aden sat silently and watched the others. She felt out of place. She didn’t belong here anymore. Michael wrapped his arm around her and found her ear. “Where are you? You look like your mind is elsewhere.”
She looked at him. She could see the difference between him and the others. Now she understood why. His blood was the same as hers. But what were they? 
She leaned against him and closed her eyes. “I need to go back to the house and go through more of the files.” She thought about what she’d discovered the day before. Somewhere there were others like Duval. Michael had said the same from what he’d discovered in Jack’s notebook. Were there others like Michael and her, too?
She started to rise. Daniel looked over. “Hey, Aden. Don’t leave yet. I have something to show you.” He got up and came over to their table. He slipped on a glove and pulled something out of his pocket. He opened his fingers.
Aden stared at the bullets in Daniel’s glove. They glistened in the dim light from the lamps above. She could see her own curved reflection in their silvery surface. “Those don’t look like ordinary bullets.” She started reaching for them but Michael grabbed her hand as Daniel pulled them away.
She could feel Michael’s concern. He looked up at Daniel. “Where did you get those?”
“I made them.” 
Clem leaned forward. “You made silver bullets? But I thought we’d already debunked the whole silver sword thing as not really working?”
Daniel grinned. “These aren’t the Lone Ranger variety. They’re a little more potent. These are quicksilver bullets.”
Michael swallowed hard. “They’re covered in mercury.” His voice had an odd tone to it. Aden felt the whirl of emotions flooding him.
Clem shivered. “Oh, fun. Mad Hatters of the world run for cover.”
Maggie looked at Clem. Aden could feel her confusion. Maggie pointed at Daniel’s hand. “I don’t understand. What’s so special about them?”
Aden noticed Michael and Clem look at each other. Michael looked at Maggie. “Mercury is what gives holy water its bite. The stuff is deadly, especially to Duval.”
Daniel dropped them back into the pouch in his coat pocket. “And none too great for us, either, which is why I’m wearing a glove.” He looked at Michael. “I couldn’t stop thinking about that recipe in Jack’s notebook so I went online and did a little research. Mercury is a metal so I just needed to figure out how to get it to bond to the bullet casings. There were a bunch of old mercury thermometers at the school. I just made use of the science lab and cooked up a coating. I’ve got some shot cooling, too. Once it’s dry, I can pack some shells.”
Aden felt the tingle wrapping through her body. “Why?”
“Because I’m tired of fighting a loosing battle with this Beast. It’s time to take it down.”
Aden felt the icy tingle trying to suffocate her. She ran for the door. She heard the confused voices of those in her wake but she didn’t slow down. She stepped off the porch and started moving.
She could feel Michael a step behind her. She only got as far as the gas pumps before he caught up and grabbed her arm. “Aden! Stop!”
She whirled around to face him. Something inside of her snapped. The predator instinct rose. She could feel it. “Let me go!” It was almost a growl. He’d prevented her flight. The anger pushed her to fight. She advanced on him.
Michael let go of her arm and backed up a step. He gasped. “What’s wrong?”
She could feel his surprise. She was fully aware of him. She could smell his blood and see the pulse in his neck veins. The smell became insistent. Something in her called for that metallic tang. She inched toward him. Her mouth began to salivate. “Do you really want to know what I am?” 
Michael’s eyes went wide. Realization of his peril pushed him backward farther. It only heightened the instinct. She jumped forward quickly but caught herself at the last moment. What was she doing? This was Michael? She couldn’t bite him! She checked her motion and turned.
He reached for her. She could feel his emotional turmoil. The awareness overloaded her mind. She jerked away from his hand and backed into something solid. She pivoted to defend herself.
Her own reflection in the surface of the gas pump startled her. Her lips were pulled back in a snarl. Her face was taut with rage. She was a Beast on the prowl. She looked back at Michael. A new wave of fear radiated from his body. He was afraid of her!
It was too much. Aden crouched and backed away from him. She was the danger. She was the Beast. She turned and ran.
* * *

Michael’s body trembled. He’d felt it! She had wanted to bite him! He staggered and caught himself on the post next to the gas pump. It didn’t make sense.
“Hey, Doc? What’s up?”
Michael realized he was shaking. He kept his back to the post but turned to face Clem. “I don’t know what to do.” He could hear the tremor in his own voice. He let his knees bend and slid down the post to sit on the cold concrete.
Clem knelt beside him and put a hand on his shoulder. “What happened?”
How was he going to explain all this to Clem? “Do you remember when Aden first woke up after we got her home?”
Clem swallowed hard. “She ate breakfast. I watched her.” His voice echoed his fear. “Who was she thinking about biting?”
Michael put his elbows on his knees and rested his head on his hands. “Me.”
Clem almost fell over backwards. “What?” He sat down cross-legged and leaned close. “Is this because of not using the serum?”
Michael shook his head. “I looked at our blood samples. They are identical. The altered virus is the same in both.”
Clem sighed. “Can I ask you a serious question?” He looked around to make sure no one was close by then leaned even closer. “Is this serum what you expected?”
Michael leaned his head back against the metal post. “No. Remember when we found the dead rabbit? That’s what I was expecting to be. Dead. I didn’t think it was going to work at all.” He sighed. “Do you know how hard it is to make a serum for a virus already in a person? It’s hard enough to come up with a safe vaccination. But it usually takes months or even years to find a way to stop a virus that has already affected a host.”
“I still think the rabbit died of fright. They are notorious for that.” Clem looked around the town. “What about Duval?” He turned back to Michael. “Could this altered virus at least slow him down? I mean, we got Aden back.”
Michael felt his eyes begin to burn. “Did we?” He swallowed down his tears. “I never went through the full blown affects of the virus. I never lost full control. I came close. But Aden.”
Clem sighed. “Ya. Emma.” He looked down. “I still have to deal with all of that. Are you sure what you did last night will be enough?”
“That was the only area of infection. Unlike Duval, who likes to chew on his food, Aden was a neat eater. She only made one wound.”
“Sorry. It’s just hard. I knew her too long.” His voice cracked. He covered his face with his hands.
Michael closed his eyes. He didn’t dare mention Sam. It was one thing to enjoy a goat sandwich but quite another to crave the taste of blood. Especially human blood. The thought turned his stomach. But he had consumed the goat’s blood. Could his stomach still process it if he had to?
“Michael. What are you going to do about Aden?”
He looked at Clem. “I wish I knew. I keep hoping I’ll find some clue in Jack’s notebook. Maybe something I missed.” He started to feel uncomfortable. He tried to diagnose it but the feeling seemed foreign.
Clem frowned. “Are you okay? You look like you’re in pain.”
Michael gasped. He rolled to his feet. “It’s Aden!” He looked around and let his senses reach toward her.
Clem grabbed his arm. “Whatever it is you’re doing, it’s worrying me. You look like you’re headed for a crash.” 
“I’ve got to learn to control this.” He felt her. Michael gasped. She was in pain. He pulled himself back and opened his eyes.
Clem was staring at him. “I don’t know if it’s safe to let you go or not.”
Michael pushed the panic down. “I have to go find her. She’s hurt.”
“How do you know that?”
Michael couldn’t even begin to explain it. He didn’t know how it worked. It was almost like the reverse of sensory overload. Or maybe it was just a different kind. “When I figure it out, I’ll let you know.” He patted Clem on the arm.
Clem let him go. “Just be careful.” He got a thoughtful look and pulled the radio off his belt. “Take my portable. I’ll grab the spare from the squad. You call me if you need help.”
Michael took the radio. “Hopefully I won’t need it.” He turned and began jogging up the street.
Once he was out of town, he picked up his pace. He expanded his senses again. Her pain had lessened. He could feel her. She was up here somewhere.
He stumbled and fell down the gully that ran beside the road. When he stopped tumbling, he looked around. “Oh, man! That’s going to be a problem.” He got up and dusted off his clothes. He climbed back up the side if the gully and paused on the road.
Michael felt for her again. She was still there. He pulled his senses back and watched where he was going. He paused along the road to feel for her until he no longer needed to. She was close enough now.
He found the trail off the road and followed it. Aden was curled into a ball, crying. The blood on her pants leg was mostly dry but he could see the long rip along one side. 
Michael dropped to his knees beside her and pulled her into his arms. “Aden? I’m here.”
She tried to push away. “Why did you follow me?”
He refused to let go. “Because I’m worried about you.” He ran his hands along the tear in her jeans. “How bad?”
Her body shuddered in his arms. He held her tighter, remembering the pain of healing. It was almost as bad as the injury.
She tried to pull away again. “I’m a beast, just like Duval.”
“No, you’re not like him.”
She glared at him. “You don’t crave it like I do. You don’t know what it’s like to smell the blood running through the veins of the people around you.” She pulled away and scrambled to her feet.
Michael got up. “If you run, I’ll just follow you.”
She whirled around. “Why?”
He grabbed her and wrapped his arms tightly around her. “Because I’m tired of being alone.” He could feel her tense. “You are the only one. I can’t be with anyone else. I’ve tried. It doesn’t work. You’re the only one I don’t feel alone with.”
Aden looked down and bumped her head into his chest. “All I am is a beast.”
Michael dropped to his knees. She gasped in surprise. He looked up into her face. “If you are a beast, than so am I. My blood runs through your veins. We are the same. Like one organism, just in two pieces.” She tried to look away but he put his hands on either side of her face. “Aden! I love you.”
She collapsed into him and he caught her. Aden clung to him, crying. “I don’t know what I am.”
He stroked her face. “I don’t know what we are. All I know is that what ever it is, we are the same.” He found her lips and kissed her deeply.
Aden’s passion grew and she desperately returned his kiss. She pulled him close. He could feel her need and his rose in turn. She reached for his shirt.
The radios crackled in unison. They both jumped. Joseph’s voiced echoed in stereo as he called for Daniel.
Michael got his heartbeat under control and reached for the portable Clem had given him. He turned down the volume. Aden leaned against him, shaking.
Daniel answered. “Where are you at, Tall Man?”
“I’m in the cut above Brown Creek. I found a deer. I think the Beast has been here.”
“I read you. I’m still working my way up Cat. I haven’t seen any fresh tracks. I may jump the ridge and start working my way down Mule Creek next.” Joseph acknowledged and Daniel cleared the channel.
Michael put the radio back on his belt. He was watching Aden’s expression. He could feel her dread. “What is it?”
She leaned on him. “That’s the deer I fed Duval last night.” She tensed. “What if Joseph finds my tracks?”
Michael smoothed her hair. “Maybe we should distract him?”
Aden pulled her radio out and called for Joseph. He answered. She keyed the portable. “What’s your status?”
“I’m looking over the carcass. It looks odd.”
Aden met Michael’s eyes. “How so?”
“Just different than the others we’ve found before.”
“We’re not far away. We’ll be there shortly.” She signed off.
Michael could feel her shaking. “Don’t worry. Joseph doesn’t know.”
She clipped the radio back on her belt. “I’m the beast they are looking for.”
Michael pulled her close. “Then we’re beasts together.”
* * *

Aden led Michael across country, ignoring roads and conventional trails. She was moving at a speed that astonished her. How was she able to do this? Michael was keeping up with her. She could feel his exuberance. It was the only way she could describe it to herself. He was excited by this romp through the forest.
She slowed as they neared the trail that Annie had used the night before. She had purposefully brought them out just below the area where Joseph was waiting. She paused on the trail and looked at Michael. His grin made her heart melt. “What are you so happy about?”
He caught her around the waist and pulled her close. “That was incredible!”
Aden was startled by the intensity of his touch. She could feel his heart beating. Her heart seemed to match its beat to his. Were they really the same? She was distracted by movement ahead of them on the trail. “I think Joseph is looking for us.”
Michael sighed. “I suppose I should be tired instead.” He tried to look like he was breathing hard.
Aden leaned her head on his. “Just don’t hyperventilate.” She looked around his shoulder at Joseph. “Sorry. We’ll be with you in a moment.”
Joseph chuckled. “You can take the boy out of the city but you can’t take the city out of the boy.”
Aden struggled to keep a straight face. Michael’s face was all scrunched up. She put her lips next to his and dropped her voice. “Don’t you dare laugh.” She backed away again. “Why don’t you take a couple of deep breaths?”
Michael did. “That helps.” He put his arm around her shoulders and turned them both toward Joseph. “Sorry to keep you waiting, Joe.”
“That’s all right. It’s not far from here. Just watch your step. It’s a mess.” He turned and started up the trail.
Aden wondered what he meant. She matched stride with Michael. They topped the rise and looked down into the small indent. She stopped, pulling Michael to a stop as well. “O M G!” This was not how she’d left the scene! What had Duval done to the deer?
Joseph looked back at her. “I told you it was messy.”
She looked over at Michael. He looked queasy. “This isn’t Duval’s regular pattern. I can’t even tell what this was.”
Joseph pointed at a small tuft of hair. “Deer. And ‘was’ is certainly the correct term. It is definitely past tense.”
Aden was studying the ground. “I’m really wondering if this is all the work of Duval.” She looked over at Michael. “You don’t have to come down here if you don’t want to.”
He swallowed hard. She could feel his concern for her. He touched her face. “I think I’ll just observe from here.”
She kissed his hand and slipped away from his embrace. Aden followed Joseph down the slope, trying not to slide in the visceral matter. Had she pissed Duval off by not accepting his invitation?
Her senses began picking up a different smell. She didn’t recognize it. Aden studied the ground looking for clues. There was no longer a worry that her involvement would be detected. The ground was a mess. “I think something besides Duval was here.”
Joseph crouched near the remains of some bones. “You may be right.” He looked up at Michael. “You haven’t seen any sign of gnawed on bones in previous victims, have you?”
“No. He’s got a tendency to break the ribs open to get at the organs but I never saw any sign of his chewing on any.”
Aden felt uncomfortable. There was something about the smell that disturbed her. “I’m not seeing any clear tracks here.” She looked at Joseph. “Have you ever seen a cat or bear do something like this?”
Joseph shook his head. He stood and walked toward the remains of the head. “Somehow the skull was cracked open. Whatever did this, ate the deer’s brain, too.”
Aden shuddered. This was beyond anything she’d ever seen. Could Duval have a friend in town? By Michael’s expression, he was probably wondering the same thing.
“Wow!” Aden turned around to see what Joseph had found. He was leaning over something.
Aden walked up to it. It looked like something had taken a dump. A very big something. “That doesn’t look like bear scat.”
“I’m glad we agree on that.” His voice was quiet. He stood and looked around. “It’s starting to get late.” He turned to her. “I’m not sure what this is from but logic tells me that we don’t want to be here if it comes back.”
“Point taken. Let’s get out of here.” She climbed out of the dent.
Michael held out his hand to her as she reached the top. “What do you think it is?” His voice was very low.
She shook her head. “Don’t know.” She turned and held out her hand to Joseph. Michael also helped pull him to the top.
Joseph looked uneasy. He pulled out his radio. “I’m going to check in with Daniel. I want to warn him that we might have something else out here.”
Aden pulled Michael away as Joseph keyed his portable. She moved down the trail until they were out of earshot. She looked at Michael. “I hope Duval doesn’t have a friend in town for a visit.”
“Do you think it could be another one?”
Aden considered what she’d found in the files. “I think so.” A thought struck her. “Do you remember when we brought Detective Peters in?”
“Not really.”
She swallowed hard. “It didn’t look like Duval’s work. It was different.” She shuddered. “His hand had been chewed off. We never found it.”
He put his arms around her. She relaxed in his embrace. Aden turned her head so she could rest her ear on his chest and listen to his heartbeat. He stroked her hair. “I don’t feel anything near by.”
Aden realized what he’d said. She looked up at him. “Can you feel me?”
Michael cradled her face in his hands. “I feel you.” He kissed her.
Joseph came down the trail. Aden heard him pause and broke the kiss. Michael pulled away reluctantly. She touched his face. “We’ll continue this discussion when we get home.”
He touched his forehead to hers. “Count on it.”
Joseph came forward. He was smiling. “It’s good to see you together like that. It means your marriage is strong.”
Aden frowned and looked at him. “Joseph, Michael and I aren’t married.”
Joseph chuckled. “But you are. I’ve seen the bond you share.”
Aden tensed. Michael gave her a reassuring squeeze. “I love Aden but I’ve never proposed to her.”
Joseph shook his head. “There are many kinds of proposals in life. Business proposals, legal proposals, formal marriage proposals. Usually they are just words, some spoken and others on paper. Your marriage has nothing to do with a proposal.” He came forward and put a hand on each of their shoulders. “What’s important is that you start from the top down.” He pointed down the trail.
Aden looked up at the darkening sky. “Down the trail is an excellent idea.”
Michael put his arm behind her back and pulled her gently along. “I second the motion.”
Joseph walked on the other side of her. “I didn’t just mean the trail, Aden. I meant your relationship with each other. You must always share your minds first. Be honest with each other, no matter what.”
Aden swallowed hard. She glanced at Michael. Could they really do that? She looked down at the trail ahead of them. She was terrified of what he really thought of her. She was a Beast.
Michael pulled her close. “I know what you’re thinking about right now.”
She stopped so fast, Michael almost lost his balance. Even Joseph was surprised. Aden’s heart was pounding in her ears and her lungs couldn’t seem to get enough air. She was afraid to speak in front of Joseph.
Michael’s face seemed to crumple. He started to let go. “I said the wrong thing again. Didn’t I?”
She grabbed his arm and struggled to gain control. “Please don’t let go of me.”
Michael caught her in his arms and pulled her close. “I always seem to say the wrong things.” His voice trembled.
Aden was shaking. She so wanted to say what she was really thinking but she couldn’t. She looked up at him and tried to say it with her eyes. “Do you really know what I was thinking?”
He looked down at her and took her face in his hands. He brushed his lips on her forehead. “Not the exact words but I could feel your mood.” His words were barely a whisper.
Her chest felt like it was on fire. Her lungs turned to stone. Aden could feel his concern.
“Aden?” He held her tight. “Not here, Baby. Not now.” He began to pull on her back. “You have to breathe.” He put his mouth to hers and blew air into her.
She felt it fill her lungs. Aden gasped and her ribcage expanded. The tears rolled down her face.
Michael buried his face in her hair. “Oh, Aden. I don’t want to lose you.” She could feel him trembling. His tears fell on her neck. He was crying!
She forced her lungs to expand. “Why does that happen?”
“I wish I knew!” He leaned back far enough to look at her. “Are you breathing now?”
She nodded and noticed Joseph staring at them. “I’m sorry, Joe. I didn’t mean to scare you.”
He looked at Michael. “Should I call Clem?”
Michael turned back to her. He ran his hands down both sides of her chest. “No. I think she’s okay.” He kissed her forehead. “I love you so much it hurts.”
She could feel his pain. Aden touched his chest with her fingertips. “I’m doing better. Really.”
Joseph sighed. “Your hearts are bound together, as they should be. The love you have for each other isn’t the materialistic kind but a deeper love that holds you both. That is true love. It goes beyond jealousy, anger, or guilt.”
Aden looked into Michael’s eyes. Was he still jealous of Daniel?
He looked back at her. “I feel none of those things.”
Joseph smiled. “You’re souls have become woven together as inseparable threads.”
Aden felt the panic rise again. Did Joseph know more than he was saying? Michael smiled. “It’s all right, Love. I know what he’s talking about.” He kissed her deeply.
Aden felt him. It was as if he had extended his aura to surround her. She carefully allowed her senses to reach out to him. It was like an electric shock!
Michael’s arms caught her. She was forced to break the kiss. They stood staring at each other. Michael’s eyes were wide. “I feel your soul.”
She gasped. She remembered what Joseph had said to Annie that morning about the loose threads of her tapestry. Aden found Michael’s hand and put the palm of hers to his. Their fingers met and interlocked. The bond was overpowering. “I feel it, too.”
Joseph nodded. “That is how you share your bodies fully.”
Michael reached down and kissed her tenderly. “Always.” He drew her to him and enfolded her in his arms.
Aden didn’t want to move. She felt at peace for the first time in a very long while. “Forever.”
The radios crackled to life and Daniel called for Joseph. He sighed. “That boy has no sense of timing. You two remember how to breathe. I’ll let him know we’re all fine.” Joseph pulled out his radio and walked down the trail.
Aden turned down both hers and Michael’s portables. She leaned against him. Her whole body trembled. She looked up at him.
Michael had his eyes closed. He was pulling in deep lungfuls of air. He looked down at her. “Are you breathing?”
“I am.” She touched his face. “I love you.”
He tightened his embrace. “There aren’t words that even come close.” He kissed her forehead.
Aden heard Joseph sign off. She touched Michael’s cheek. “I think we need to head down the trail.”
He sighed. “I know.” He kept one arm around her but let the other go so he could turn and walk beside her. “What do you want to do when this is all over?”
She leaned on his shoulder. “Get out of Sweetvale.”
He chuckled. “Where should we go?”
She looked up at him and he looked down at her. Aden smiled. “It doesn’t really matter as long as we’re both going there together.”
Joseph had been waiting for them. He fell into step beside Aden again. “I think I’ve eased his mind. Daniel is just worried because it’s gotten so dark.”
Aden hadn’t even noticed. Her eyes could see just fine. She could tell that the sun had gone down but the surrounding forest looked as bright as it had in daylight. She didn’t want to think about it. She looked over at Joseph. “You seem to know an awful lot about relationships. I don’t remember but were you married before?”
Joseph seemed to droop. “I’m afraid I learned these things too late. I was married for awhile.”
Aden put a hand on his shoulder. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to dredge up bad memories.”
“It’s in the past. You can’t hang on to it. You can only learn from it and go forward.”
Aden looked at him. “Was she here in Sweetvale?”
“No. We met in Eugene.” He sighed. “I spent too much time working to bring home a pay check so she could buy all the things she wanted. But it was never enough. We were both struggling across the sandy emotional plane. It was a rough passage. Eventually she left me and took our three children with her.”
Aden gasped. “That’s terrible. Do you ever see them?”
Joseph didn’t answer for some time. Aden could tell that he was struggling. He finally managed to swallow. “My oldest daughter over-dosed on something. Carol never did tell me what. My son is in jail in Alabama for beating a fellow classmate senseless.” He sighed. “My youngest daughter still lives with her mother. She must be almost fifteen by now. She was only a couple months old when Carol left. It just about killed me.” His voice broke.
Aden could tell he was crying. She gently pulled free of Michael. “Joe.” He stopped. She put her arms around him and hugged him. He hugged her back. Aden could feel Michael embrace Joseph from the side.
Joseph took a ragged breath. “Forgive me. I haven’t thought about them in awhile. It’s always challenging because Carol loved to throw sand at every opportunity. It tends to collect. When I look back at those parts of my tapestry, the sand starts to shake out.”
Aden looked around. They were almost down to the point where the trail intersected the path that wove through the cabins. She closed her eyes and listened. She could hear it! “Come with me.” She looked at both of them. “I want to show you something.”
She led them toward the cabins but cut off the trail before they reached the graveled path. Aden had to push her way through waist-deep ferns. It was obvious no one had been back there in a long time. She encountered a wall of salal that had closed over the trail but she could hear it plainly now. She was in the right place.
Michael tapped her on the shoulder. “Where are you taking us?”
Aden grinned. “You’ll see.”
She forced her way through the bushes and out into a small clearing on the other side. Michael was right behind her. She heard him gasp. Joseph followed last. She pointed toward the waterfall that cascaded down the shimmering rock wall. Beside it, maidenhair ferns laden with spray drops bobbed slightly. Moonlight made the scene dazzle. “This was my secret garden when I was little.”
Michael put his arms around her waist from behind and leaned his chin on her shoulder. “I’ve never seen anything so beautiful.”
Joseph moved forward. “I never knew this was here.”
Aden swallowed hard. “I found it accidentally one day. I could never bring myself to share it with anyone. It was my safe haven, even from Cindy and Daniel.”
Michael hugged her. He rocked her gently in his arms. She could hear him humming softly.
Joseph turned and looked at them. “Come here, my dear ones.” They walked forward together and stopped in a blinding patch of moonlight. Joseph embraced them both. “Michael, come around and face Aden.”
Michael slid from behind her and turned her toward him. “You look even more beautiful than this place.”
Joseph smiled. “Michael, take Aden’s face in your hands, and you, Aden, do the same to Michael.”
Aden felt Michael’s warm hands cradle her face. She reached up and encircled his. She looked up into his eyes. She could see her own face reflected in their shining surface.
Joseph put a hand on each of their shoulders. “Repeat after me: My mind to your mind.”
Aden swallowed hard. “My mind to your mind.” Michael’s voice rippled in unison with hers.
Joseph repositioned their hands to center on their chests. “My heart to your heart.”
Michael smiled down at her. “My heart to your heart.” She could feel the energy reaching out toward her.
Joseph brought them closer together and moved hands to hips. “My soul to your soul.”
Her body quivered. “My soul to your soul.” Michael’s voice seemed to pull the energy closer around them.
Joseph didn’t even need to direct their hands this time. Aden and Michael leaned into each other. Joseph’s hands felt heavy. “My body to your body.”
Michael’s face almost touched hers. “My body to your body.” His lips found hers.
Joseph squeezed their shoulders. “Completely and freely given.” He let them go and backed away quietly.
Michael broke the kiss. He leaned toward her ear. “Completely and freely given.”
Aden’s throat tightened. She pulled air into her lungs and looked into his eyes. “Always.”
Michael’s lips brushed hers gently. “Until the end of eternity.” He kissed her deeply.
Joseph sighed quietly. “May you always weave well and strengthen the threads that bind your lives together.” The bushes rustled as Joseph pushed through the salal.
Aden heard him walk away but she was focused on Michael. She vaguely heard other voices. Clem and Daniel were both concerned for them. Michael broke the kiss and listened, too. Joseph pulled them away and the voices faded.
Aden nestled close again and relaxed. They were alone. She could feel Michael. He was like an extension of her own body. She lightly ran her fingertips down his face. She could feel his reaction.
He looked down at her. “Do you think we’ll be safe here?”
“It sounds like Joseph has led them away.” She found his lips with her own.
He kissed her lightly. “I was thinking more of Duval.”
Aden laughed. “What’s he going to do? Bite us?”
Michael stared at her then shook his head. “Not tonight.” He pulled her close. “Tonight is just us.” His soft words tickled the side of her neck. He rocked her gently and started humming.
Aden moved her arms under his shirt and made contact with bare skin. She refused to pull away from the electrifying contact. She began swaying, slow dancing with him.
He leaned into her and softly sang the words of the song into her ear. “All that I have in life I give to you. I’ll love you for evermore if you say ‘I do.’” His lips found hers and the kiss was unbroken for a long time.
The shaft of moonlight moved off of them. Aden had no sense of time. She was lost in his arms.
Michael led her to the side of the clearing and tugged at his coat. She helped him slide it off. He dropped it to the ground and went down on his knees, pulling her with him. He spread the jacket out and curled with her onto it.
Aden didn’t feel cold, even after he undressed her. She helped him shimmy out of his jeans. By the time his bare skin touched hers, their mutual need had merged into something more powerful than she’d ever felt in her life. Her body rose to meet his and they became one.
Aden felt whole in his embrace. How could she be anywhere else? She could feel his heart beating. Her own heart echoed his rhythm. Her heart to his heart. Their hearts beat as one. Aden closed her eyes and allowed her senses to expand into his soul. She felt his senses envelope her. They had become one organism.
She wasn’t sure what woke her. The glen glistened in dew and seemed to glow with its own light. Every edge was outline in shimmering rainbows. The delicate ferns that draped the walls beside the waterfall dipped and bobbed in the gentle air movement created by the falling water.
Aden didn’t want to breathe and spoil the moment. A hand touched her face. She looked over at Michael. He was also sparkling in dew. His aura glowed warmly. She smiled and reached over to his face. Her lips found his.
Michael pulled her closer and their auras merged. Michael lightly traced her body with his fingertips. “You’re glowing.”
“So are you.” She ran her fingers along his body and watched the ripples in his aura. “It’s so amazing.”
“It’s the energy that Joseph keeps talking about. He’s right. We do have our own inner energy. Every living thing does. We call it metabolism.”
“That sounds too scientific for something so beautiful.” She leaned forward and kissed his chest. She watched the eddies swirl outward from the point of contact.
His reaction wasn’t as subtle. She could feel the increase of his heart. She touched him with her hands and listened to the harmonic frequencies that the flowing patterns created. His body was affected along with the swirls of energy.
She continued to explore the shifting patterns until he pull her close and gently raised her face to his. “Do you have any idea what you’re doing?” The tone of his voice was a good indicator. He rolled into her and Aden felt her energy merge with his.
This was different than their previous love-making. It was slow and tender, more of an exploration of their energy fields and how they combined and intersected. They built toward intensity. Aden envisioned the threads Joseph had spoken of weaving and intertwining. They became one fabric of matter and energy. The release tightened all the loose gaps of the weft and pulled them taut.
They stayed together long after the movement ceased. His lips and fingers continued to explore her energy as she had explored his. He caressed her eyes and she looked into his. Michael’s gaze was intense. “You are the only one.” He kissed her deeply. “My wife.”
Aden felt her entire soul ripple with the intensity of his whisper. They had said their vows to each other. She leaned into his chest. “My husband.”
He held her close for a long time. His lips found her ear. “Have you ever stood under that waterfall?”
She leaned slightly so she could see the thin trail of water cascading over the mossy rocks. Aden laughed. “I think you’d find that a challenge. It’s not exactly big enough for that.” She turned back to him. “Someday, when all of this insanity has passed, I’ll take you up to Rainbow Falls where you really can stand under a waterfall.”
He smiled and kissed her. “Then I suppose a shower will have to suffice in the mean time.”
Aden looked at their bodies. “I guess we should get dressed so the neighbors don’t talk.”
He grinned and got to his knees. He held out his hands to her. “Mrs. Cline? Shall we dress and face the world?”
Aden took his hands and let him pull her to her feet. She ran her fingers across his rough chin. He hadn’t shaved in a day or two and his jaw was beginning to look dark. “A shower and a shave wouldn’t do us any harm.” She’d put it to an old melody.
Michael smiled at her and kissed her forehead. “Then let’s roll the old chariot along.” He picked up her clothes and helped her dress as she helped him.
She led him out of the glen. The sky was just beginning to brighten along the eastern rim of the valley. They followed the path back through the cabins. The lights were still on. Aden was almost disappointed.
Michael squeezed her shoulders. “What’s troubling you?”
“I think I like it better without the lights. It’s prettier.”
Michael sighed. “I used to hate the dark, especially under the trees.” He reached up and just touched one of the dangling strands. The line swayed. “While I’m sure many would think this is pretty, seeing the world the way we do is so much more beautiful.” He paused and looked down at her. “Especially you.” He kissed her.
Aden felt whole for the first time in her life. She let her senses flow outward. She could feel the others around them. Joseph and Annie were asleep together. Cindy and Daniel nestled close and she could even feel the tiny spark of their baby. And on the other side of where they stood, she could feel Clem and Maggie. Aden gasped.
Michael held her close. “What is it?”
“Maggie is with Clem.”
Michael chuckled. “I don’t know how he managed to find a space for her up there but I’m glad. They need each other.” He kissed her again lightly then resumed their quiet passage through the cabins and out to the road.
Aden mourned for the town. It felt empty beyond the tiny island of souls they had passed through. Would the others someday return? She looked over at the school as they passed. How many children had passed those steps? She, Daniel, Cindy, Maggie, and Kevin had been just a handful in a sea of life that had gradually ebbed over time as the tide of commerce had faded out of the valley. And now it seemed barren.
Michael pulled her out of her reverie and up the steps of the front porch. He paused and looked down at her. “Should I carry you across the threshold?”
“Not here. This isn’t our home. It’s just a place we’re staying until we finish a job.”
His fingers brushed the dew-dampened hair from her face. “And where do you want to go from here?”
She took his hands in her own. “I meant what I said last night. Wherever you are and wherever the road takes us. I don’t care. As long as I’m with you.”
He kissed her deeply. He opened the front door and pulled her into the house. “There’s a shower calling our name.”
Aden grinned. “And a razor that’s been missing your face.”
They went upstairs and got cleaned up. After they had dressed, she glanced at the clock. “It’s still early. I have the feeling everyone is sleeping in.”
“I’m going to get some work done in the lab. I’m not giving up on this. There has to be a way to stop this virus.”
Aden could see the determination on his face. “I’ll keep digging through the files. There’s so much that David had uncovered. I don’t think he realized what he’d found. Maybe there’s something in there that will help you.”
He walked with her to the office door. “At least I’ll be able to feel you.”
Aden touched him. “How is it that we can feel each other?”
“I don’t know how it works. I haven’t had time to really think about it. I can feel you when you’re close enough. And I can feel the others, too. Like when we were standing by the café this morning. I could feel them all sleeping.”
Aden sighed. “That’s such a relief. I thought it was just me.”
He pulled her close. “You’re not alone.” He kissed her. “I’ll just be a couple of floors down.”
She watched him walk down the stairs then went into the office. She turned on the desk lamp and sat down in the chair. The files looked daunting. She noticed a pink sticky note hanging over the edge of one and picked it up.
The file tab had a name on it - Gabriel Hanslow. The file contained numerous documents. He had a clean driving record and no real criminal history. What had David’s interest in him been? She found the page with the sticky note and read it. ‘Another one like Duval?’ That didn’t seem to make any sense.
She flipped through more pages and found a newspaper clipping. The heading read, ‘Passing Stranger Saves Girl from Bus.’ She looked through the article but didn’t see any name mentioned. There was a paperclip on the article and picture with a sticky note. The journalist hadn’t been able to use the photo because she couldn’t get a release from all the people in it. A face was circled. She found Gabriel’s ID picture. He was in the photo.
Aden leaned back in the chair. Nothing was making sense. This person didn’t seem to be like Duval at all. She looked at the photo. It was taken during the day. He wasn’t shielding his eyes. Aden gasped. What if he was like Michael and her?
She heard Michael’s footsteps on the stairs and felt him coming. He paused in the open doorway. “Are you okay?”
Aden swallowed and closed the folder. “I don’t think we’re alone.”
He tensed and closed his eyes. “I don’t feel anyone else in the house or even nearby.”
She got up and came to stand next to him. He opened his eyes. Aden could feel his concern. “That’s not what I meant.” She inhaled his scent. It calmed her. “I think there are others that have the same strain of this virus that we do.”
“I’ve been wondering about that based on some of the things that Jack wrote in his notebook. I don’t think he had a real solid grasp on reality but he was really good at documenting what he saw.”
Her gut tightened. She heard his rumble in response. “I think we’re hungry.”
Michael laughed. “Whatever gave you that idea?” He put his arm around her waist and pulled her toward the stairs. “There’s this really great restaurant down the street. It’s famous for its oatmeal.”
 Aden laughed with him. “Sounds like a plan.” She paused in the front hall and looked at her coat and utility belt. The badge dangled from the front of the coat. She’d stopped thinking of it as her father’s coat.
She noticed Michael was watching her. He slowly reached out and pulled them off their pegs. “May I do the honors, Sheriff?”
She took the belt and strapped it on. He held the coat up for her and she slipped her arms into the sleeves. A brief memory escaped from her mental box of a morning she’d done almost the same thing for her father. She snapped the lid closed tight. This was now and the weight of the badge rested on her. She looked at Michael. “I’m looking forward to retirement.”
He smiled and opened the door. “You’re the best looking sheriff I’ve ever seen.” He put his arm around her shoulders and they walked together down the street.
The café seemed unnaturally quiet when they walked through the main doors. Aden had never seen the room completely empty before. She could feel Joseph and Annie in the kitchen. Daniel was upstairs headed for Cindy. Aden focused on Cindy and doubled over.
Michael caught her. “Aden?” He pulled her upright and touched her face.
She fought back a wave of nausea. “Oh, that’s awful.” She could feel Michael’s concern. He wrapped his arms around her. She swallowed it down. Aden leaned her head on his shoulder. “It’s not me. It’s Cindy. I’ve just learned the true definition of morning sickness.”
Michael relaxed a little. “I seem to recall that’s natural. I remember when Mary went through that.”
Aden leaned back and looked at him. “Mary had a baby?”
Michael grinned. “Two of them, actually. They’re both little terrors.” Michael pulled her toward a chair by the fireplace. “Her marriage didn’t last. She blamed everyone but herself for that. But she was still trying to take care of mom and Troy just got tired of it. I can’t say I blame him. Between Mom and Mary, I’d go nuts, too.”
Aden tried to grasp another missing piece. “So, nieces or nephews?”
“One of each. Promise you won’t laugh?” His face was already comical. “Her name is Carley and his name is Simon.”
Aden bit her lip. “And you seriously don’t want me to laugh? How could Mary do that to her children?”
Michael chuckled. “It just kind of happened that way. Carley is almost sixteen now and Simon is fourteen.”
Aden couldn’t picture Mary with children somehow. She looked up as Annie came out of the kitchen.
Annie was bright and cheerful. She was more like the woman Aden remembered growing up. Annie smiled at them. “I’ve got breakfast ready. I was hoping everyone would roll in. I don’t know if Cindy will be joining us. Daniel had to take her up some crackers and tea. Do you want some coffee?”
Michael grinned. “Sure, Annie.” He waited until she’d gone back into the kitchen. “She sure is bubbly this morning.”
Aden remembered what she’d felt. “That’s understandable.” She stretched and reached toward him at the same time. Her fingers touched his face. “It comes with sleeping next to the right person all night.”
The main doors swung open and Clem led Maggie into the room. Aden could see the glow around them even with the light of the room. Clem looked over in their direction. “Is that breakfast I smell?”
Michael laughed. “And the stomach shall lead.”
Annie came out of the kitchen with a tray filled with food. The smell was amazing but Aden felt her gut tingle. She got a whiff of a different smell and knew Cindy was really having a rough morning. Her own stomach turned in sympathy.
Michael squeezed her hand. “You going to make it?”
Aden swallowed it down. She looked over at Maggie. “I think Cinders may need one of your remedies. She’s having a rough start to the morning.”
Clem let go of Maggie and wandered over. “You’re looking a little pale yourself. Why don’t you dig in to this mountain of food that Annie just put on the table?”
Aden just couldn’t get her stomach to settle. “Maybe I’ll take some with me.” She looked at Michael, hoping he would understand.
He pulled her up and put his arm around her. “The distance should help. Where will I find you?”
“I should go over to the office. I don’t know if anyone has checked in with dispatch over the past couple of days.” She couldn’t bring herself to say the rest out loud. Why was it harder for her to think of Sam’s death than her own father’s? Because she had killed Sam. Her stomach twisted into a knot.
Michael kept her from falling. He held her close. “Just remember to breathe.”
She forced her body to relax and allow the air to flow. She blinked the moisture out of her vision. “I’ll grab a few rolls.”
Michael kept a loose hold on her as she spilled the silverware out of a napkin and tucked a couple of breakfast rolls into it. Clem looked concerned but Maggie asked him about some medication for Cindy. They began discussing it.
Joseph came out of the kitchen with a coffee pot in one hand and a tea pot in the other. “Anyone thirsty?”
Michael grinned. “The only thing you’re missing is an apron.”
Joseph laughed. “I save that for the cook. I’m just here to carry.” He set the pots down on hotplates. “How are you two doing this morning?”
Aden held up her food. “Heading off to work. When Daniel finally gets released, send him to the office. There are a few things I need to teach him about daily duties and logs.”
Joseph frowned. “I’m glad I’m just temporary help. I left paperwork behind a long time ago.” He looked at Michael. “I’d be interested in seeing how you’re research is coming.”
“Let me grab some breakfast. Then come over to the lab. I’ll show you.”
Aden moved toward the door with Michael still in tow. She got to the carved main doors and looked back at him. She leaned close. “It’s not bothering you. Is it?”
“No. Must be a girl thing.” He hugged her. “I’m going to grab some for myself and head back to the lab. I’ve got some tests going that I need to keep an eye on and Joseph wants an update.”
She could feel a sense of excitement in his tone. “Good news?”
“I hope so. I’ll let you know.” He tapped the portable on his belt. “Clem initiated me into the club. Call me if you need anything.”
Aden kissed him lightly and slipped away from him. “You better watch out.” She pulled the keys out of her pocket. “The next thing you know, you’ll earn one of these.” She managed to smile at him in spite of her rolling stomach.
She hurried across the street, trying to put some distance between her stomach and Cindy’s. She had tremendous respect for any woman who could survive nine months of that.
Aden unlocked the door of the office. Daniel’s cleaning hadn’t removed Sam’s smell. It was still there. Aden caught herself on the desk. She put the food down. Her stomach wasn’t going to take it at that moment.
She forced her lungs to cooperate and went to the computer. The routine helped. There was an email from the county coroner’s office regarding the filed death certificates and one from the county commissioner’s office acknowledging her position as sheriff in the interim until the next election. She printed and filed both notices.
Aden called dispatch and Kathy answered. “Good morning!” Her cheerful greeting seemed out of place. “I guess there’s a new Sheriff Anderson at the helm.”
Steering a sinking ship? Aden sighed. “Thanks, Kathy. I just wanted to let you know I was here. Daniel Taylor is my acting deputy and Joseph Tumsah is on temporary duty. We’re still actively working on the Duval case.”
“I’ve logged that. Good luck and be careful out there.”
Aden hung up the phone and rested on the edge of the desk. Still Anderson and Taylor, just a different generation. It almost seemed fitting. She felt Daniel coming toward the office. She stood and pulled the log book from the desk. The last entry was in Sam’s handwriting. She had a few days of catching up to do. She wasn’t looking forward to it.
Daniel came through the door. He had his shot gun over his shoulder and was dressed in camouflage. “Joe said you were looking for me.”
“You can rack that. We’re behind on some desk duty. I’ve already taken care of the morning filing and call in but you need to learn how to do logs.”
Daniel pointed his gun down but kept it in hand. He shook his head. “We don’t have time for paperwork. I’ve got the new shot loaded up and the sun is shining. We need to figure out where the Beast is hiding and take it down.”
“Daniel, rack the gun.” This was going to be a long morning. The tingle crept up her spine. She tried to ignore it and reached for her cold breakfast.
“I’m serious, Aden. That Beast killed my father and I’m not going to rest until I bury it.”
Aden’s hand shook. She pulled it back and sat on the edge of the desk. She was the Beast he wanted to kill. She looked away from him and caught her own reflection in the glass of the gun cabinet. Who was she? What was she? She turned back to Daniel. “We are law officers. Regardless of our personal feelings, we are bound by our oath to serve according to the laws of the state.”
“You sound like your old man.”
“Good. Then you should know this speech. Our duty is to apprehend criminals, not pass judgment like a vigilante. You were there when things went wrong with the convict hunt. I remember where you stood then.”
Daniel’s face went hard. “The Beast isn’t a criminal - it’s a monster. It needs to be destroyed.” He patted his gun. “And I’ve got the tool to do it.”
Aden felt the tingle pulling tighter around her lungs. She fought against it. She wanted to tell him to point the gun at her but she was afraid he might actually pull the trigger. But she deserved it. “Dan, when you accepted that appointment, you accepted the responsibilities that came with it.”
His eyes narrowed. “I gave you back your badge and now I’m glad I let Joe keep the other one. I don’t want it.” His voice was low and dangerous. He turned toward the door but paused and looked back at her. “I’m not a law officer.” He went out and slammed the door behind him.
Aden felt the array of Daniel’s emotional turmoil. Her chest tightened. She couldn’t let him go like that. She ran out the door and stopped on the porch. “Daniel! Wait!”
He stopped in the middle of the street and slowly turned back. He was looking at the ground. Aden could smell his tears. He wiped his sleeve across his face and looked up at her. “I know you have this sense of duty, just like your dad did. He always had to do things the right way, too. But I guess I’m more like my dad. I do things my own way. And I’m not going to stop until I destroy that Beast. It killed my father. I’m going to bury it!”
His anger was a powerful force that wrapped itself around her lungs and squeezed. She was the Beast he wanted. Her throat constricted. She choked. Air refused to flow. Gravity grabbed her. She saw the ground rushing to meet her face.
Daniel’s arms caught her before the ground could. He cradled her and held her close. “Aden? What’s wrong?” His fingers felt her face. “Are you breathing?”
She couldn’t answer him. She could feel his concern. Her throat refused to let go. He didn’t know what she’d done.
She heard Daniel call for Clem and Clem answer. “I’m by the office. Aden has collapsed. I don’t think she’s breathing!”
“Dan, use your head. Remember your ABCs and I’ll be there in a moment.”
“My ABCs? Right.” Daniel dropped his radio and laid Aden on the ground. His hands where shaking. “Airway. That’s the A.” He tilted her chin. “Come on, Aden. I hated this class. B is for breathe.” He pinched her nose and blew into her mouth.
The block in her throat refused to let the air pass. Aden could feel her body crying out for the needed oxygen.She heard running feet approaching. She could feel Clem. 
Daniel’s tears fell on her face. “Clem! I don’t know what to do. I can’t get any air into her!” Daniel’s voice sounded shrill.
Clem’s hands touched her neck. “Come on, Aden. What’s going on, Girl?” He tilted her head back even farther and placed a mask over her face. She felt the pressure of the air as he squeezed the pump. “It’s not getting through. I’m going to have to tube her.”
She felt Michael coming. Had he felt her crash? He knelt beside Daniel. “What happened?”
“I was being stupid and arguing with her. This is my fault.” His words were broken.
Clem was struggling to get her jaw to unclench. “Michael? I could use some help. I can’t even get the tube in.” His fingers were tense. “Danny Boy, grab the keys off my belt. Bring the squad around so I can get things out if I need them.”
“Right!” Keys jingled and Daniel ran off.
Clem sighed. “Now, as fast as you can, fill me in, Doc. What’s going on with her?”
She could feel Michael in a way that she’d never felt anything. It was as though his mind was touching every cell of her body. His hands touched her throat. “Come on, Love. Relax. It’s all right. I’m here.” His fingers coaxed the muscles binding her neck to relax. “Try the tube now, Clem. Gently.”
Aden felt the tube pushing in her throat. She gagged.
Clem’s hands were firm. “Easy, Girl. I know it’s no fun but your lungs aren’t happy with you right now.” The tube slid past the block and air rushed in. Clem attached the tube to a hand pump an began slowly squeezing air into her starved lungs.
Michael’s fingers touched her neck. “Aden. Relax. I can feel the tension.” His hands continued to touch her throat. Her muscles responded to his touch. “That’s it. Let it go.”
She heard the sound of the rescue squad pulling into the gravel lot by the station. Clem cleared his throat. “Remember what you say, Doc. Daniel’s back.”
“Thanks, Clem.” She could feel Michael easing his mind away from her cells and muscles. She could feel his face close to hers. “Just let the air flow. It’s all right.” His reassurance helped.
The oxygen flooded through her body, replenishing her starved cells. Her diaphragm resumed its cycle.
Clem relaxed. “That’s a definite improvement. Hey, Girl. You awake?”
Aden tried to swallow and gagged on the tube. She opened her eyes. Michael was shading her face from the sun. Daniel came back and leaned over Michael’s shoulder.
Clem hummed a tuneless melody as he checked her vitals. “I’m feeling better about this.” He leaned over her. “I know that tube sucks. I’ll pull it if you promise to keep breathing.”
Aden blinked. Clem pulled it and she coughed.
Michael drew her up and held her, careful to support her neck. “Just let the air flow.”
Aden could feel his fingers massaging her throat. She concentrated on the movement and relaxed.
Clem sighed. “You’re just trying to keep me on my toes.” He packed up his gear and looked up at Daniel. “I’m glad you brought that after all. I won’t have to haul this stuff as far.”
Daniel held out his hand. “Need a lift?”
Clem chuckled and accepted the hand up. “Doc, why don’t you move Aden up to the porch while Dan and I get this packed away?”
Michael helped her up and guided her to the edge of the steps. “Do you want to sit out here or inside?”
“Here is fine.” Her voice was rough after the tube. She swallowed, trying to get the rawness to go away. She could feel her body healing. Aden closed her eyes and leaned into Michael’s shoulder.
Michael pulled a loose strand of hair away from her face. “What caused the crash?”
Aden pulled deeply to make sure her diaphragm was working again. “Daniel keeps talking about killing the beast that killed Sam.” She felt the tightness threaten again.
Michael’s fingers played across her neck. “Gently, Love.” His whisper tickled her ear. “I know it’s hard. You have to let it go.”
“How can I?” She looked up at him. “I still see it.” She closed her eyes and leaned into his arms.
Michael held her close. “I don’t have a way to take those memories away. But you can’t dwell on them. As you’ve discovered, they’ll strangle you. In a very real way.” He kissed the side of her neck.
Clem returned and knelt down by Aden’s feet. “Feeling any better?”
“I am. Thanks, Clem.”
He frowned. “I shouldn’t ask, but have you eaten this morning?”
Aden sighed. She’d never touched the food she’d brought over to the office. “I couldn’t. Cindy wasn’t feeling well this morning and it affected me. I brought the food with me but never ate it.”
Michael glanced at his watch. “That was an hour ago. I’m betting it’s cold by now.”
Clem stood. “I’m going to recommend you wander over to the café and ask Miss Annie for some of the wonderful soup she’s got cooking. It just about knocks your socks off when you walk in the door.”
Michael tensed. She looked up at him. “What is it?”
“I left Joseph in the lab. He was looking at some of the notes I’d made from Jack’s notebook. I just hope he didn’t dig too far.” He kissed her on the forehead. “I have to get back there. Are you going to be all right?”
Clem cleared his throat. “If the lady promises not to nibble on me, I’ll take her over.” His expression was grim but Aden could feel the humor just below the surface.
Michael helped her up. He looked into her eyes. The intensity of his gaze was powerful. He leaned his forehead against hers. “My mind to your mind.” His whisper was a shout to her.
Aden leaned against him and found that just right spot in the corner of his shoulder. She inhaled his scent. “My soul to your soul.”
He hugged her and let her go. He was smiling only for her. “I’ll see you later.” He hurried up the road toward the house.
Aden looked at Clem. He was thoughtful. “You don’t think Joe could handle this? He’s a pretty smart guy.”
Aden fell into step beside Clem. “I know he is. You don’t know how hard it is for me not to tell him what’s going on. I just can’t. There are questions he’d ask that I couldn’t answer.”
Clem stepped onto the porch of the café and paused. His face looked old for a moment. “I know you trust me because Michael does. I won’t betray that trust.” He opened the outer door for her then followed her in.
Aden moved into the dim room. She could feel them before she saw them. Maggie and Cindy sat together in chairs by the cold fireplace. Their voices were low and intense. Aden felt Clem behind her. She moved toward Jack’s table, not trusting herself to be close to anyone at that moment. The smell of Clem was hard enough.
He motioned to a seat. “I’ll duck into the kitchen and grab you a bowl.” His whisper didn’t carry far. He didn’t want to disturb them either. He went through the service doors and Aden tucked into the seat all the way in the corner.
This had always been one of her favorite places as a child. It was a place of refuge not easily noticed except from the kitchen doors.
Aden could feel how upset Cindy was. That troubled her. Aden leaned her head against the wall. She could hear them just fine if she listened.
Maggie pulled something from her shirt pocket and put it in Cindy’s hand. Cindy stared at it and closed her hand around it. She started to cry. “It’s all my fault. Sam would still be here if it weren’t for me.” She bunched both hands into fists and pushed them against her forehead.
Maggie grabbed her hands and tried to pull them down. “That is not going to help anything.”
Cindy looked up at her. “You don’t understand. Sam was going to tell him. I just knew he was.”
“Cinders. Daniel needs to know the truth.”
Cindy doubled over. Aden tensed. She could feel the stress the baby was under. It terrified her. Cindy sniffed. “Daniel would hate me.”
Maggie put her arms around Cindy. “Oh, Honey, Daniel would never hate you. He loves you. You’ve got to trust him. This baby will mean more to him now than ever before.”
Clem returned from the kitchen carrying a bowl. The squeak of the service doors made Cindy turn and look up. Clem stopped and stared at them. Aden could feel his concern.
Maggie gave Cindy a hug. “Why don’t you lay down and rest for awhile.” She helped her toward the stairs.
Clem set the bowl and a spoon on the table by Aden. He glanced at her. “I’ll be right back.” He moved toward Maggie.
Aden could hear Cindy’s feet on the stairs and feel her as she passed overheard. Aden wanted to cry. She wished Cindy would trust her again like she used to. She heard the upstairs door close and felt Cindy move toward the back of the residence wing. She pulled the bowl of soup close and picked up the spoon.
Clem and Maggie were talking in quiet tones. Clem’s voice was full of concern. “I know how you feel about this, Mags, but I’m worried about Cindy and the baby. Maybe you should let it go and let time take care of the rest.”
“But it’s not fair to Daniel. Even Annie thinks so.”
“Maggie.” Aden could see their shadows on the floor as the main doors opened. Clem was holding her.
She felt Joseph come in. “Is Aden here?”
Clem sighed. “She’s in the corner, hopefully eating her soup. I’d give her pudding and pie if I thought it would help.” His voice had been loud enough that she knew it was intended for her. It only made her choke. She doubted Clem had thought about the words of the rhyme before he’d said them.
Joseph came forward. “Aden? Can I get you a glass of water?”
She was coughing too hard to do more than nod. 
She saw Clem’s face peer around the corner. “I’m bad. I’m sorry. That was just wrong.” She could tell by the tone of his voice that he must have figured it out. He disappeared but she could still feel him standing there.
Joseph brought the water and sat down at the table next to her. “Drink some. The soup is still a little thick. It should really cook a little longer.”
Aden sipped at the water and paid attention to where it was going. She didn’t need to inhale anymore liquid. “It’s fine. Really. And it’s okay, Clem. I know you meant well.”
Clem sighed. “Joe? I promised Michael I’d make sure she ate something but I’m worried about Danny Boy and what he’s up to. Why don’t you hang out with her while I go track him down?” He leaned over and looked at her. “And don’t be shy. If you’re still hungry when you finish that, you be sure and speak up. Annie has plenty in the kitchen.” He looked at Joseph. “Be sure she finishes at least that much or you have my permission to arrest her.”
Joseph grinned and waved him away. “I don’t think it will come to that. Go find Daniel.” He waited until Clem had gone out the door. He turned and studied Aden. “I was worried when Michael told me what happened.”
Aden tensed. What had Michael told him? She focused on the soup. It was good. She ate carefully. “I’m just worried about Daniel.”
He leaned back in the chair. “I’m worried about him, too. He’s been way too focused on his latest project.”
Aden studied the soup that remained in her bowl. “He resigned this morning.”
Joseph gasped. “What? Why?”
Aden looked up at him. “Because I didn’t want to hunt Duval like an animal. I know how Daniel feels about this but I can’t let my personal feelings get in the way of legal duty. Everyone has rights, even Duval. We have to at least attempt to help him. Michael says this virus is affecting his ability to make good judgments. There’s actually a legal precedence for that.”
“Michael has explained the virus to me. He’s got a working serum. I think it’s time to use it.”
Aden was glad she hadn’t put another spoonful in her mouth. She tried to process what Joseph had just said. “It works?”
Joseph sat forward and leaned on the table. “I saw it this morning. I watched him inject an infected blood sample with the serum and it stopped the virus.”
Why hadn’t Michael told her? She pushed the bowl away.
“Wait a minute. That bowl’s not empty.”
She rolled her eyes and pulled it back. “Fine. I’ll finish it.” She took another mouthful.
Joseph waited until she’d swallowed. “If injecting Duval with this serum is the only way to stop him then we should do it.”
Aden picked up the bowl and drained the last of it. “I agree with you, Joe. This must be a recent development that he hasn’t had a chance to tell me about.”
“He said he had a few more tests to run but I don’t think we have the time to waste. We can’t risk any more attacks. This is the logical thing to do.”
Aden put a hand on his arm. “All right. I’ll go and talk to him. But you will have to let me out.” She handed him the bowl. “I finished it. Are you happy now?”
Joseph grinned and moved so she could scoot out from the corner. “Are you sure you’ve had enough to eat? Clem’s right. There’s plenty in the kitchen.”
Aden didn’t think her stomach could handle anything else at the moment. “I’m fine. Just hold down the fort while I go talk to Michael and see if he’s got something we can work with.”
Joseph walked with her to the door. He put a hand on her shoulder. “For what it’s worth, don’t give up on Daniel. I’ll talk to him.”
 “Thanks, Joe.” Aden turned and walked up the street toward the house. She thought about how to breach the idea to Michael. Had he really found a cure or was he distracting Joseph from an ugly reality? She went in and paused in the front hall. She could feel Michael. He was concentrating deeply on something. She was afraid to disturb him.
She thought about what she’d discovered in the files and the questions it raised. Maybe it was a way to get into the subject without being overly direct. Her father had taught her that route and it had paid off numerous times.
Aden went upstairs to get the file. She moved to the desk and pushed the folders around, looking for the one she’d been reading. One of the files slid off and fell to the floor. She sighed and bent to retrieve it. Murphy seemed to follow her everywhere.
She scooped all the pages into a pile. One didn’t want to conform. There was a bent sticky note stuck to it. She unfolded it and looked at David’s writing. “Rethink Ezekiel’s position.’ What could that mean?
Aden pulled the note off the page and looked at the copied article. There was a face circled in the photo that went with it. She scanned through the article. It was about a mysterious stranger who’d rescued a lady from an attacker. She wondered what the connection was.
She looked at the tabs to see if the name David had written fit. She found it. Ezekiel Jacobson. She opened the file. Aden fell into the chair. How was this possible? He was supposed to be the head of the drug cartel they had been investigating. She found a document that contained a picture of him and placed the article next to it. The faces were the same. Why would a drug lord care about an innocent victim?
Aden remembered seeing the name on the yellow legal pad and dug it out of the stack. She quickly flipped through it until she found the right page. David had been using a bubble diagram to piece together random ideas. He was certain that Ezekiel was head of the Brotherhood. There were plenty of clues that pointed to it.
One of the circled notes caught her attention. He’d written, ‘consider Jack Donner’s idea.’ There was a curved arrow that seemed to point toward the edge of the page. She turned it over. There was a long note on the back. She scanned through it quickly. It mentioned something Jack had written in his notebook and that David wanted to talk to him again as he might have been right. Well, that wasn’t going to happen. But Michael had the notebook.
Aden grabbed the relevant files. They might have all the pieces of the puzzle right in front of them!
* * *

Michael stared at the monitor. He couldn’t see any difference between the two images. The serum had not made a difference in his blood sample. The altered virus was still there. He didn’t understand. Why did it work on the sample but not on him? He and Joseph had watched the serum break down the DNA strands in the mitochondria and replace them with the corrected proteins. If it could work in the smaller sample, why wasn’t it working in him?
He leaned back on the stool and stretched. He had to be missing something. He glanced at the diagram he’d made of the altered serum. Was it because his blood already contained an alteration? He’d been working with Duval’s saliva sample as the vector and Clem’s blood as the recipient. It replicated the infected state of the unaltered virus. His new serum seemed to be working on it but how could he be certain?
Michael felt her coming even before Aden’s feet hit the stairs. He could feel her tension. What had happened? He hadn’t heard the radio and she’d been back for some time. He turned around and got off the stool as she rounded the corner at the bottom of the stairs. Her hands were filled with folders. One of them started slipping.
Michael rushed forward and caught it. “Your work is getting out of hand.”
She started laughing. That was a relief. She pulled herself together. “Where’s Jack’s notebook?”
“In the lab on the bench. Why?”
She grabbed his arm. “You have to see these. David had wanted to talk to Jack about something he’d seen in the notebook.” She turned to him. Her face was flushed. “He was starting to believe Jack. Not that they were vampires but that they were different.” She pushed a yellow legal pad into his hands and pointed at a line in a long note. “We have to find this page.”
Michael recognized the phrase. “The ceremony of recognition? What’s that got to do with anything? It looked like a lot of mistranslation to me.”
“Can I see it?”
“Sure.” He handed back the pad and led her into the lab. He pulled out the notebook. He’d only briefly glanced at the page. It seemed to be more of Jack’s foundation for his vampire theory. “I warn you. It sounds pretty mystical. And some of it might make even Van Helsing jealous that he hadn’t thought of it for his tales.” He found the page and handed it to Aden.
She put it down next to the pad and began comparing them. “As crazy as Jack was, he might not have been as far off as I really wanted to believe.” She paused and handed him a folder. “Look at this. Pay attention to the dates.”
Michael took the folder and she went back to studying the pages. He opened it to find a stack of papers. Some were reports from police files. One was a medical report. There were a few newspaper clippings. There were even a couple of credit reports. He looked at the names Ezekiel Barnes, Ezekiel Detrich, and Ezekiel Jacobson. They all had the same first name. He found a DOL report stapled to the back of the folder. It was for Ezekiel Jacobson. The face looked somehow familiar. He glanced back through the file to a newspaper article. It was the same person. He’d changed his last name. Michael looked at the date on the article. 1957. He gasped. The caption identified the man as Ezekiel Detrich. According to the article, he’d gone missing and police suspected foul play.
Aden was watching him. “They are all the same person.”
“How do you know?”
Aden flipped through to a page near the beginning. “Ezekiel Barnes took out a safe deposit box in 1932. When he signed the document, he had to leave a thumb print for identification.” She flipped through the stack to a more recent page. “Ezekiel Jacobson has the same thumb print.”
Michael looked at the sheet. It was a fingerprint analysis done on two prints. The second print had been lifted from a glass at a bar according to the notes. It had been taken just a few months ago. Michael looked up at Aden. “You think he has the virus?”
“What causes us to age? Isn’t it irreparable damage to our cells? Could the virus prevent someone from aging?”
Michael found the stool and sat down. He hadn’t even considered that idea. He’d been too focused on the present dilemmas. “I don’t know.” A whole new series of thoughts ran through his mind. He looked over at the pages Aden had been studying. “That page talks about the newly born being presented to a circle of elders. If it is connected to the virus, maybe what it’s really saying is that those who’ve been cured are presented to some committee.”
“The Brotherhood. I think that’s what David’s notes mean. They are the circle of elders.” She frowned and looked around the lab. “Have they already discovered a cure?”
Michael pulled the diagram of the serum in the notebook toward her. “This is what they consider the cure to be. It’s the difference between us and Duval. It doesn’t really cure the virus. It just modifies it.”
Aden sighed. “Into us. But what are we?”
“I was just wondering about that. Can I have the notebook back?” She handed it to him and he paged through it until he found what he was looking for. “Jack copied such a weird selection of random stuff. I’d love to see the originals.”
Aden leaned over and looked at the page. “What is that? It certainly isn’t English.”
“No. It’s Latin. Jack thought these were spells for warding off vampires or turning them, or something. But I think they are from some history that may explain the origin of the virus.” He looked up at her. “I don’t think the virus was accidental. I think it was engineered, genetically modified from other viruses and somehow combined into one.”
“But you said these were old.”
Michael grinned. “Humans have been genetically manipulating things for over ten thousand years. From the first time they figured out how to grow crops and breed animals. Farming and husbandry are all about getting the best crop out of what you have.”
“What does this virus have to do with farming?”
“Somehow, who knows when, somebody figured it out. There are stories throughout history of people living extraordinarily long lives. Maybe they contracted a series of viruses that interacted and combined into this. Humans have been searching for the cure to aging forever. Think about Ponce Deleon and his fountain of youth. Maybe he wasn’t searching for a literal fountain but for someone who was a carrier of this virus.”
Aden massaged her temples. “So why Florida?”
“Maybe the Aztecs misdirected him. There are certainly enough tales from that culture that connect with these concepts. They could have carriers in their population.”
Aden refocused on the notebook. “I’m still a little foggy about the difference between us and Duval. I don’t even remember you injecting me.”
Michael swallowed hard. He came to her and put his arms around her. “That’s because I didn’t.”
He felt her tense in his arms. She pulled back and looked at him. “What? Then how did I get the serum?”
He braced himself. “When you bit me, you ingested a large quantity of my blood. It contained the altered virus. I don’t fully understand it but somehow the virus in my blood was strong enough to survive the acids in your stomach and was absorbed into your blood stream.”
“How did you know?” Her voice was whispery thin.
“From something in Jack’s notebook. There’s a passage that talks about the newly born. I don’t think he copied the entire piece. It seems to pick up in mid sentence. But it talks about feeding the newborn the blood of life so they can be brought to the light. Considering what we’ve learned, I think that’s literal. You and I now carry the blood of life. People with the primary infection can’t handle the light. It hurts their eyes. They need the corrected serum, which is our blood.”
Aden leaned against him. She was shaking. He held her close. She’d taken it better than he’d expected. She stood quietly for a few moments. Her tremors stopped. She looked up at him. “Is there a way to stop the virus?”
“I don’t know. I’ve been trying to find a way to counteract the virus by altering the DNA fragments that the serum replaces. I thought I had it but every time I test it, nothing happens.”
“I don’t understand. Joseph said it was working.”
He pulled her toward the monitor and switched it on. “Look at these files. I’ve been using the saliva from Duval that you collected as an infection agent. Clem provided a blood sample. I’ve been infecting small amounts and testing the serum on it.” He showed her the last positive test. “This alteration seems to work on the blood sample but when I tested it on myself, nothing changed.”
Aden grabbed his arms. “You did what? Michael! What are you thinking? What if something goes wrong and it kills you?”
Michael closed his eyes. He’d broken the number one rule of the researcher - protect number one. “I’m already infected but the problem may be that I already have the altered proteins in my system.”
“Then we should test your serum on Duval.” There was a ring of finality to her tone. She looked at him. “The only way to stop him is to control the virus. I know. I was there myself. I had no control over anything I was doing.”
She’d had some. He’d had to force her to bite him. He didn’t want to bring that up. “What if the serum doesn’t work?”
“What’s the worst that can happen? Duval either doesn’t change, he becomes like us, or he dies. At this point, I’m not seeing any other options.”
Michael looked at the sample on the monitor. Could he really cure Duval? “I’ve got enough serum for one syringe.” He turned back to her. “This is something you and I are going to have to do. Neither of us is strong enough on our own. It will take both of us. And we’re going to have to be prepared for the backlash.”
“That’s a good description for it.” She turned away. “I remember the first time I felt it. Duval and I had gotten into one serious fight. He’d been hunting Daniel and Sam.”
Michael put his hands on her shoulders. “And you protected them.” He couldn’t see her expression but he could feel the flood of emotions she’d released. “Aden. The virus disrupts the connections in the brain between the main brain stem and the frontal cortex. Memories are stored all over the brain. On some level, you knew who they were and protected them.”
“But I ate Emma.” Her knees started to give.
Michael grabbed her and wrapped his arms across her chest. “You knew she wanted to go. You told me she thanked you. You released her.”
Aden covered her face and tried to lean forward. “And what about Sam?”
“Aden. Think about it. I know it’s hard. But think back to that night. You protected him from Duval before. Something must have changed.”
He felt her tense. He pulled her up and supported her neck, afraid that she would crash. But she was breathing. She curled into his arms. “He was dying.” Her voice had been barely a whisper.
Michael gasped. “How?”
She shook her head. “I’m no medical professional. I don’t know what to call it. I could see blood filling the space around his lungs. He was struggling to breathe.”
“He had a hemothorax. It could have been from his broken ribs. One of them might have ruptured the pleura around the lungs.”
“He fell when he came looking for Daniel. I remember.” Michael could feel the altered state she was in. Was this what deep memory was like? Aden shuddered. “Sam and Daniel got into an argument and Daniel punched him. Sam fell backwards. I remember feeling his pain.” She closed her eyes and moaned softly.
“I wasn’t even conscious then. I don’t know what happened. I remember Daniel coming back that morning. He’d said Sam had left him and gone back to town.”
Aden nodded. “I stopped Duval from attacking Daniel. We did a serious amount of damage to each other. I learned pretty fast how much it hurt. Somehow I channeled that pain and used it to fuel my attack on him.” She looked up at him. “The other night, I couldn’t shoot him. I was afraid of what it would do to me.”
Michael kissed her. “I know. I was afraid for you, too.” He held her close. “We have to find a way to be strong together.”
Her fingers found his face. He looked into her eyes. Aden caressed his cheek. “Get the syringe ready. I know I can find him. We can do this.”
He kissed her again, not wanting to let her go but knowing he had to. She stood straight and he released her. “I don’t think we should use a gun. That tends to hurt us as much as it hurts him. I’ve tried anesthesia but that doesn’t seem to have any effect on him either.”
“Then we’ll just have to do it the old west way. Minus the bar of course.”
Michael chuckled. “Spoken like a true sheriff.”
Aden went upstairs to change and Michael loaded the syringe. He dropped it into a case and put it in his pocket. They were going to be traveling light. He went upstairs and found Aden in the front hall. She had changed her clothes and was hanging up her utility belt and coat on the pegs behind the front door. Michael leaned against the banister. “You’re taking off your badge?”
“For this job, I’m not the sheriff. I don’t know how this will end but it doesn’t feel legal somehow. I just know we have to do it.”
They both tensed at the same moment. Michael felt Clem step onto the porch. “I seemed to recall Annie complained about his sense of timing. You want to open the door for him?”
Aden did. Clem’s hand was raised to knock. His expression changed to surprise. “Wow. Now that’s service.” He raised an eyebrow and pointed to Aden. “What’s with the get up? Are you going to play ninja?”
Michael laughed. He hadn’t thought anything of Aden’s choice of black clothing. He knew it wasn’t for Duval. He would be able to feel them coming. “It’s her stealth mode.”
She glared at him. “It’s nothing of the above. I forgot to put the clothes in the dryer. These are just some old clothes I found in the bottom of my drawer.”
Clem joined Michael in laughing. He finally caught his breath. “So what are you two up to?”
Aden frowned. “What makes you think we’re up to anything?”
“I don’t know too many times that I’ve found you both in the front hall looking like you were going out. You just look like you’re up to something.”
Aden glared at him. “You hung around with my dad too long.”
Clem looked ready to argue but Michael put a hand on his shoulder. “You can’t come.”
Clem’s face went serious. “Can I ask?”
“No.” They both said it in unison. Michael struggled to hide his grin.
“That’s sounds pretty definite.”
Aden finished tying her boots. “Do you know where Daniel is?”
“He’s down at the café. Annie asked me to come up and haul you two down for dinner. What am I going to tell her?”
Aden opened the front door. “Tell her you caught us at an inappropriate moment.” She looked at Michael. “Are you ready?”
Clem frowned. “I don’t like the sound of that.” He pulled something out of his pocket and handed it to Michael. “Before I forget, I seem to recall you wanted this.”
Michael took the flattened box. “Is this that super antibiotic you shot me with?”
Clem nodded. “The list of ingredients is there in microscopic print. Most of it doesn’t mean anything to me.” He looked between them. “Promise me whatever you’re planning to do that you’ll be careful.”
Michael left it on the table then put a hand on Clem’s arm and pulled him out the door. “If things go wrong, all of my research notes are on the bench. The black folder contains my personal ones. Make sure they get to George.”
Clem went pale. “I definitely don’t like the sound of that.”
Michael held out his hand and Clem grasped it. “You’re the best, Army.”
“Just don’t make me scrape you off the landscape.” Clem looked over at Aden. “Are you sure about this?”
She nodded. “Just keep Daniel in town. I don’t care what excuse you use. Michael and I are the only ones really capable of doing this job.”
Clem closed his eyes. “I was afraid of that.” He looked at Michael. “Neither of you are carrying a radio. Is that wise?”
“Clem, consider what you know.” He patted Clem’s shoulder and looked at Aden. She had her eyes closed and she was scenting the breeze.
“He’s on the move and headed in our direction.”
Michael tensed. “Get back to the café and keep everyone inside.”
Aden jumped down off the porch and Michael followed her. She started up the road at a good pace. He had no difficulty keeping up. She paused at the intersection. “He must be coming down Mule Creek. We’ll follow the west valley road until the bridge and see if we can’t turn him around.”
Michael could feel him now. “If we can feel him, he can feel us.”
“I’m counting on that. He followed me all over these hills for a few days. Let’s see if he still wants to dance.” She started off at a jog that quickly became an all out run.
Michael could feel her exhilaration and matched her pace. He felt his muscles expanding to meet his needs. It was a heady feeling. He was almost disappointed when he saw the bridge ahead.
Aden only slowed a little. She jumped down the slope and continued up the creek bed. Michael managed to follow, though not as gracefully as Aden.
He felt Duval react to their fast approach. Duval stopped, quivering with excitement and fear. That puzzled Michael. “Why is Duval afraid of you?”
Aden slowed as she got close. “Let’s just say we have some history.” The tone of her voice set shivers up his spine. He was afraid to ask.
A tree had fallen down into the creek bed. Aden ran up it and stopped. Michael chose to remain on the ground. Aden looked down at him. “If you’re wondering, the answer is no, much to Duval’s great disappointment. He’s not my type.” She looked upstream to a pile of rock. “Are you?”
Duval sat very still. If Michael hadn’t been able to see his heat aura, he would have been invisible. Duval lowered his head and whined.
Aden didn’t shift her focus away from Duval. “Michael. Stay there until I call you. He can’t understand our words but he can feel our emotions. I’m going to try to give him the emotion he wants. I’ll pin him. Have the syringe ready. Don’t let him see it.”
Her voice had changed as she walked forward as had the emotion she was projecting. She’d added a sexy lilt to her tone. Michael could feel her sexual state rise. He forced down his jealousy and pulled the syringe case slowly out of his pocket. He put his hands behind his back and tried not to feel any fear.
Duval wasn’t watching him. His eyes were on Aden. As were his thoughts. It was obvious by his arousal. He came down off the rock and slid toward Aden.
Michael unscrewed the cap and pulled out the syringe. He slowly tucked the cap and case back into his pocket, not wanting to drop it. He relaxed and kept both hands out of sight.
Aden was almost to Duval. She edged around him and pointed to a rock. Duval panted but complied. He sat on the rock and displayed himself to her.
Aden sprang forward and pinned him to the rock. “Now!”
Michael jumped forward. He could feel Duval’s confusion as he began to struggle against Aden’s grip. Michael jammed the needle into his upper arm.
Duval screamed and turned to pull away. Michael pushed the plunger home. Duval kicked out and threw Aden across the creek bed. Michael gasped as her pain mingled with Duval’s.
Duval slid off the rock and howled in agony as the serum spread through his body. The echo bounced around the trio and they screamed in unison. 
Michael crawled away from him toward Aden. He could see her and feel her pain. She was going through recovery as the bones mended and internal organs healed. She gasped for air. He pushed himself the last few feet and struggled to her head. He blew air into her lungs to inflate them. He shared her pain more than Duval’s. She was closer now. He held her gently, not wanting to make anything worse.
She leaned into him. “How’s Duval?”
Michael looked across the gully to where Duval still withered. “He’s alive but not happy about it.”
She clung to him. “I remember this part all too well. It’s no party.” She moaned as her body seized.
“Aden?” Michael felt her bones and muscles realigning under his touch. “Hang on.”
She did. It seemed like a lifetime before it finally ended. The sky was completely dark now and blanketed by dazzling stars. He could see millions more than he’d seen on that first night he’d looked up on his way to Aden’s house.
Aden stirred in his arms. She groaned and felt her chest gingerly. “Note to self. Avoid having broken ribs.” She pulled forward.
Michael got to his feet and helped her up. “What’s your status?”
“Do I check the box labeled married now?”
He grinned and kissed her. “That wasn’t what I meant.”
“I know. I’ll live. Let’s go see how your patient is doing.”
Michael put his arm around her shoulders and they walked over to Duval together. Michael knelt by his side and carefully allowed his senses to explore Duval’s body. All of his systems were functioning normally.
Duval stirred and looked up at Aden. “My Goddess.” His raspy whisper was weak. “You have freed me from my cursed imprisonment.”
Aden knelt on his other side and crossed her hands over her knee. “Great. Because now you’re under arrest.”
Duval stared at her for a long moment. Michael could feel the waves of emotion rolling through him. Duval gasped. “You’re serious?” He turned to Michael. Anger flared. “What have you done to the goddess?” Duval pushed forward and grabbed Michael around the neck, forcing him backward onto the ground.
Michael felt his trachea crack before Duval’s weight was gone. He heard Aden shouting at Duval. “What’s wrong with you?” She knelt beside Michael and her fingers touched his broken throat. “Hang on, Michael.” She leaned over and blew air into him.
His trachea expanded and began to heal. He focused on the movement of air as his head spun. That was one he never wanted to repeat.
Duval tried to advance on Michael again but Aden grabbed him and forced him down to the ground. She pinned him. “That’s enough!” Her shout rippled through the air.
Duval trembled under her. “I was created to serve the dark gods of death. Command me, my Goddess, and I will do your bidding.”
She looked over at Michael. “Why do I get the feeling the serum didn’t work like it did in the lab?”
Michael got up and found the syringe that Duval had knocked free. It was still in one piece. “Let’s find out. Hold his arm out.”
Duval squirmed in her grip. He hissed at Michael and looked up at Aden. “Why would you want such a weakling for your mate? I would be a much better mate for you than him.”
Aden managed to stretch his arm out. “Better make this fast.” She looked down at Duval. “I’ve seen what both of you have to offer. Trust me. He has you beat, hands down.”
Duval arched back as Michael stabbed the needle into the vein and drew. He managed to get a small amount before Duval’s foot impacted Michael’s chest. Duval turned and bit Aden’s arm.
She cried out and punched him in the head with her free hand until he let go. She staggered backward and Duval rolled away.
Michael was struggling to breathe for the second time in less than an hour. His lungs couldn’t expand because his crushed sternum was in the way. He felt Aden beside him. He could feel her pain as well as the reflection of his.
Aden ran her hands down his broken chest. “Michael! What do I do?”
He wasn’t sure himself. This should have been fatal. He tried to claw at his own rib cage. Aden found it. “Pull it out.” It was the last of his air.
Aden’s fingers fought for purchase on the dented cavity. “This is going to hurt like hell.” She pushed her fingers through his flesh, crying out for him, and pulled.
Michael felt the bones snap out. The pull acted on his diaphragm, expanding his lungs back into the cavity. The pain was off the scale. The rush of air gave him something to scream with.
Aden echoed him and collapsed next to his shoulder. He wasn’t aware of much more than the intense agony of his own recovery and the shared echo from Aden.
He wasn’t sure how long they laid there. Aden finally lifted her head. “He’s gone.”
Michael knew she was talking about Duval. He sighed. “Something has gone seriously wrong.”
She rolled over quickly and looked down at him. He could feel her concern. “Did something heal wrong?”
Michael reached up and touched her face. “Not with me, Love. With Duval.” He curled into her as a spasm rocked his body. She shared it but held him anyway. When it was over, he struggled to sit up. Aden helped him. 
She leaned into him and put her head against his chest. “That’s a beautiful sound.” 
He gently pulled her face up and kissed her. Michael didn’t want to break the kiss but his gut tightened. He gasped. “Oh, that’s not fair.”
“I need to get you back to town. We both need to eat.”
His gut crunched even tighter. “That’s an understatement.” He felt her uncertainty. “What is it, Aden?”
“I could bring us down a deer. There’s one not far away.” Her voice was quiet but serious.
The thought of raw venison wasn’t very appealing. “I’d much rather get something at the café if it’s all the same to you.” He felt her tense and looked up at her. “Are you really that hungry?”
She looked away. “I can wait.” She got up and helped him to his feet.
Michael looked around the ground. Had the syringe been smashed in the fight? “I can’t see it.”
“I can smell it.” Aden bent down and picked it up. “It still smells bitter.” She handed it to him.
Michael pulled the case out of his pocket and slipped it in. He screwed the cap down. He was worried about Aden. She didn’t feel right. She was standing by the boulder. He came up and put his arm around her. “How are you?”
She leaned into him. “I’ll be better once we get back to the house.”
He couldn’t agree more. They didn’t have the energy to run. It seemed a much longer way back than it had taken to get there. They stayed in the creek bed most of the way. When Aden pulled them out, he could see the lights of the house in the distance. They were in the back.
She helped him up the weed-covered steps in the back as Clem hadn’t installed an exterior handle on the new back door. “We can go in the laundry room door. I think it’s still unlocked.”
He followed her in. “I need to take this to the lab and put it in the containment unit.”
“Don’t be long.” She pulled off his torn and bloody shirt. “I’m afraid there’s no hope for that.” She dropped it in a waste can filled with dryer lint. Her hands moved across his chest. “Are you better now?”
Michael pulled her close and enveloped her with his arms. “Now I’m better.” He kissed her. He felt lightheaded. They were both dangerously hungry. He reluctantly pulled away from her. “I wish there was a quiet way we could warn Clem. I’m thinking food for both of us is essential.”
Aden turned her head and scented the air. She looked at him with an odd expression. “I think Clem was thinking ahead.” She pulled him down the short hallway to the dining room. A basket sat on the table. 
Michael could smell the warm sandwiches inside. He sighed and grabbed a chair. He held it out. “May I offer you a seat, Madam Sheriff?”
She laughed weakly. “Only if you join me, Doctor Cline.” She sat down and he collapsed on the chair next to hers. She opened the basket. “Oh oh. Be careful and don’t inhale this. It’s your favorite.”
Michael grinned and took the sandwich she offered him. “Who could believe that goat could be so tasty.” He ate the sandwich.
They empty the basket. It definitely helped. He was disappointed to discover the basket was empty. He sighed. “How about you heat us up a shower while I run this sample down to containment?”
“You’ve got a deal.” Aden went up the stairs.
Michael turned to go but noticed the flattened box he’d left on the table. He picked it up and went down to the lab. He left it on the counter and put the sample into containment. By the time he came up the stairs, he could feel the steam from the open bathroom door.
Aden came out of the bedroom. She had stripped out of her clothes. Michael admired her trim form. She grabbed the waist of his pants. “These are a little out of place for the occasion.” Her tone was all the motivation he needed to remove them. She pulled him into the bathroom.
Michael followed her into the tub. He took control and pulled her body to his. The contact was rewarding for both of them. They soaped down each other’s body and she washed his hair while he washed hers. The soap added a new level of excitement to their touch.
Aden reached down and caressed him. He almost lost control. Her lips found his. Michael didn’t even notice when the hot water ran out. He finally reached down and turned off the shower. “That’s going to be a scary water bill.”
Aden laughed. “We don’t have a water bill here. We have a well.” She grabbed a towel and began drying him. 
He grabbed another and rubbed the water droplets off of her skin. “Are you still hungry?”
She leaned against him. “I wish I wasn’t.”
Michael kissed her. “We can come back here and deal with that deficiency later. Let’s slip down to the café and see if there’s anything left.”
She grinned wickedly at him. “If Annie has run out, I could always go out to Henry’s and get you another goat.”
Michael pulled her close so she wouldn’t see his face. He didn’t want to remember the dead goat. He squeezed his eyes closed.
“I’m sorry.” She hugged him. “That wasn’t fair to you.”
He felt her sorrow. He held her tight then released her. “It’s all right. Let’s get dressed and return a basket.”
Aden rummaged around in her dresser. “I can’t believe I used to wear some of these things. I guess that’s why I left them behind.” She pulled out an oversized T-shirt. Michael felt her mood change. It had broad dark letters on the front - USMC. She held it close. He realized it must have been her father’s.
Michael pulled out the last clean shirt in his bag. Looks like I’m going to need to do some laundry, too.”
She slipped the shirt on and pulled out a pair of well patched jeans. “They’re in the dryer. I washed your clothes with mine to make a full load.” He could hear an odd tone in her voice. She was having a tough time with something.
He turned around and took her in his arms. He didn’t know what to say so he just held her. She pulled herself together. He didn’t let her go. He ran his fingers through her damp hair, carefully dislodging the tangles.
She finally pulled away. “You should probably slip on some pants or the neighbors might talk.”
He chuckled. “Wouldn’t want that to happen.” He found a pair of jeans and a pair of socks.
She pulled her hair back into a bun and twisted in the band to hold it. She slipped into a pair of tennis shoes. “Do you suppose I’ll pass inspection?”
Michael grinned. “The neighbors won’t talk.” He took her hand and led her down the stairs. Aden pulled a light denim jacket from the pegs by the front door. She grabbed the basket and they walked down the street under the strings of lights. He looked up at them. “They are kind of pretty.”
Aden sighed. “Just like the good old days.” She gave him a squeeze. “Looks like someone was waiting for us.”
Michael looked toward the café porch. He saw Clem sitting there with Maggie. She got up and disappeared inside as they got close. Michael glanced at the time. It was two in the morning. “It’s late. I figured you two would be tucked in by now.”
Clem stood up. “I was starting to worry about you. How’s everything?”
Michael could hear all of the questions Clem had wrapped up in that one. He glanced over at Aden before turning back to Clem. “I’m not sure actually. It wasn’t the results we hoped for.” He felt Maggie coming back and didn’t want to say more.
Aden held up the basket. “Thanks for the appetizers. That was thoughtful of you.”
Clem winked as Maggie returned. “Didn’t want you starving before you got here.”
Maggie took the basket. “Annie saved your dinner. She’s warming it up. Come in. There’s a nice fire going.”
Michael didn’t feel cold. He hadn’t thought much about it. He looked down at Aden. The denim jacket looked pretty thin. He leaned close. “Do you feel cold?”
She shook her head. “I haven’t in some time.”
Was this another effect of the virus? More questions. He sighed and took over holding the door as Clem moved forward to open the inner one.
The room was comfortably warm. A table in the center was set. Aden laughed. “I think that’s Annie’s way of drawing us out.”
Michael held out a chair for her and took the one next to her. Clem and Maggie took a seat across from them.
Annie came out of the kitchen with Joseph right behind her. Annie was glowing. Her smile was pure. She came toward the table and Joseph put a folding stand down so she could put the tray on it.
Clem laughed. “You two are a perfect team. I wonder if there’s a competition for that somewhere.”
Joseph grinned. “Maybe in Paris.”
Annie swatted him with her towel. “As if I’d know anything about Paris.”
Joseph encircled her waist and kissed her on the cheek. “Who knows? Someday you might.”
Annie shook her head but the smile didn’t leave her face. She passed a plate to Aden and another to Michael. She set a pot of tea between Aden and Maggie and started to set a bottle of beer in front of Clem.
He put up his hand. “No thank you, Miss Annie.” He put an arm around Maggie’s shoulders and looked at her. “I don’t need a beer. I want to remember everything from now on.”
Maggie smiled warmly at him and reached forward to kiss him.
Aden found Michael’s hand under the table and squeezed it. He looked over at her. He could smell her tears. He leaned over and kissed one away before it could fall.
The smell of the food was too much for Michael. He grinned and fished the fork out of the napkin roll. He stabbed a piece of meat off of Aden’s plate and held it up for her.
She blew on it and ate it. “I’m going to have to get this recipe. Someone knows your new favorite food.”
Michael caught the warning. Aden grabbed her fork and fed him a bit. He savored it. “Annie, this goat roast is incredible.”
Joseph held out a chair for Annie and sat next to her. He brought the other pot of hot tea from the tray and set it on the table. “This is my special secret.” He winked at Aden. “It was my mother’s before me.”
Aden turned over her cup. “It’s Gran Nan’s night tea. I can smell it.” Joseph poured Aden a cupful.
Clem turned over his cup and held it out. “I’ll try some.”
Joseph smiled broadly at him. “Congratulations, my friend, on learning to weave for life.” He poured a cup for everyone at the table. He held his up and looked at Clem. “May you always weave consciously.”
Michael lifted his cup with the others and smiled at Clem. He sipped the tea. He’d never tasted anything quite like it. It wasn’t bitter but it wasn’t truly sweet.
Clem toasted Michael. “Just wait until we have a bonfire. Wow! Have I got a box to burn.”
Michael laughed. “Everyone better stand back when you toss that box in.”
Maggie leaned on Clem’s arm and looked up at him. “I don’t understand about weaving. I know you’re talented but I didn’t know you were a weaver.”
Joseph sighed. “We need to pull you the rest of the way out of the box, Maggie dear. Living is all about weaving. Making conscious choices weaves a solid pattern of threads onto the weft before us. You have to think about the pattern, not just duck in and out of the threads that are thrown at you.”
Aden looked over at Michael. He could almost tell what she was thinking. Had they made the right choice?
Michael started to lean toward her. He heard the sound of running footsteps upstairs. He looked up. Cindy came out of the doorway onto the balcony above the front counter. She was dressed in a night gown. She looked over the edge. “Is Daniel down there?”
Michael felt everyone in the room tense. Annie looked up at her. “No, Honey. I thought he’d gone up to bed with you.”
Cindy’s face went pale. “He went back down for something and never came back up. I fell asleep and now it’s almost three in the morning. Where is he?”
Michael grew concerned for her. “Cindy? Why don’t you come down?”
Clem jumped out of his chair and raced up the stairs. Michael got up and moved to the area below her where he could grab her if she fell. Clem reached her side. “Doc is quite right. You should come down and join us. Joseph has made this wonderful tea. I think you’ll like it.” Clem led her down.
Annie met her at the bottom step. Michael was right behind her. He saw Clem look at him with concern. Annie led Cindy to the table. Aden and Maggie pulled out the chair between them.
Aden took Cindy’s hand. “Don’t worry. I’ll find him.” She swallowed hard and let go. Aden moved toward Michael. “You need to stay here with her.” Her voice was quiet so only he and Clem could hear her.
Michael felt Clem’s concern. Michael pulled Aden close and found her ear. “You can feel it, too?”
She nodded. “The baby is under stress. I don’t know what to do.” She spoke up. “Stay here and help Clem. I’ll stop at the house and grab my radio and gear.”
Michael took her face in his hands and touched his forehead to hers. “Be careful.”
“I will.”
Joseph came up next to them. Michael could feel his concern. “Aden. Let me come with you.”
She shook her head. “I need you to stay here and keep everyone safe. We don’t know where Duval is. I need someone here who can handle an assault rifle.”
Joseph pursed his lips. “All right. I can’t argue with that logic. You’ll have to unlock the case for me.”
Aden pulled a set of keys from her pocket. “I seem to recall Daniel made you a deputy.” She slipped a key off the ring and put it in his hand. “I have everything I need at the house.”
Michael tried to control his worry. She turned and looked at him. He touched the side of her face. “Come back to me.”
Aden touched his hand with hers. “I will.” She turned and disappeared out the door.
* * *

Aden clipped the radio back onto her belt. He still wasn’t answering. She tried to push back the fear. Daniel was familiar with the area. He’d gone out many times on his own and been just fine. But now there was Duval.
Aden looked up at the sun rays streaming through the dark green canopy. That would no longer detour Duval. She had to find Daniel. Joseph and Michael had joined the search after sunrise. She hoped she could find him before they did.
She continued down the trail she’d been following. It hadn’t been hard at first. Once she found Daniel’s truck, it was fairly easy to see which trail he’d taken. But he had been doubling back on so many of the smaller side trails, the tracks had gotten confusing. Aden was no longer sure if she was on his true trail or just another tangent.
She came to a division. Aden knelt to study the ground. She found yet another set of tracks. Not just Daniel’s this time. The clear outline of Duval’s bare feet was unmistakable. Aden trembled. What if all she found of Daniel was his twisted remains? She tried to force the image out of her mind.
Aden reached out her senses, searching for some sign of him. She pushed off the ground and stumbled. She caught herself on a tree. The shock was intense! Aden reeled away from the truck and bent over, fighting to breathe. What had just happened?
She looked around. Nothing was moving. Aden managed to suck enough air into her lungs to finally straighten. She looked at the tree. It didn’t look any different from the other trees around her. She carefully moved back to it. She didn’t see anything protruding from it.
Aden slowly reached out and touched it again. It wasn’t quite as shocking this time. The energy of contact made her tingle. She withdrew her hand. The contact faded but she could still feel something.
She looked around the forest again. Something had changed. The trees looked different. They almost seemed to glisten as if covered with filaments of spider silk that caught the sunlight.
She looked at the tree. It also shimmered. She hadn’t felt any webs. Aden reached for the tree again. It was like touching a battery with the tip of your tongue. Aden swallowed hard, dreading an episode of sensory overload. But she didn’t remove her hand.
She allowed her mind to extend to the tree. The contact was like an explosion. She stumbled forward and clung to the tree for support. As she looked up, the entire web glowed brightly before her, spread out in all directions. She tried to pull back but felt trapped within the fragile network.
Fear gripped her. She struggled against the pull of the web. She fought for control. Aden found her own signature amidst the multitude and pulled back toward her own mind. Then she paused. She felt him! It was Daniel! She allowed herself to follow the threads to him. He was leaning against a tree. She could feel his form where it contacted the bark.
Aden slowly drew back, tracing the threads as she withdrew. Finally, she could feel only the tree that she clung to. She managed to gently push herself away and stand.
The forest had changed dramatically. Now she saw every tiny thread that interconnected all of the living things within the web. She could sense the microscopic bugs that seemed to be everywhere and the lacy tendrils of fungal fibers that traced throughout the ground and into many of the trees.
Aden concentrated on the pathway she’d made as she retreated from Daniel’s position. She began moving through the forest, ignoring the dead path of compacted ground and following instead the living trail woven of roots.
She was so focused on the network that she didn’t realize she’d found him until the sound of the bolt clicking home warned her. Aden looked up abruptly. “Daniel?”
She heard him gasp. “Geez, Aden! Are you trying to get your head blown off? What the hell are you doing out here?”
Aden remembered to breathe. She made her way through the last of the thicket and emerged into a small clearing where two foot trails converged. Daniel had lowered his gun but the safety was off. “Could you lock that down? I’d feel better.”
He released the bolt and flipped the safety back on. “Sorry. You almost made me have to change my pants.”
“I guess that would be one way to get you to come home.” She forced her heartbeat to calm down. “Why are you out here alone?”
“I could ask the same of you.” He looked around. “How did you find me?”
How could she even explain that to him? She shrugged. “I grew up here, remember?”
Daniel grinned. “Ya, I remember.” He looked down. “You always did have that uncanny knack of finding your way.” He sighed. “You were the one who got us home from Green Pass.”
Aden trembled. The memory box spilled a little. “There are some things I try to forget.”
He looked up at her with one of his sideways glances. “Which part? Getting lost or getting home?”
Aden closed her eyes. She’d been more afraid of what her mother was going to do to her than being lost. Arms encircled her. She tensed.
Daniel pulled her close. “I’m sorry.” His voice was very quiet. “That wasn’t fair. I’d forgotten how that ended.”
Aden struggled to control the tears. She wished she had. Aden tried to untangle herself from his arms. “We have to get back. Everyone is worried about you.”
Daniel didn’t release her. He pulled her close, forcing her to stop struggling. “Aden.”
She couldn’t stop the flood any longer. She felt the first one escape and the rest just seemed to follow. She tried to suppress the sob but it escaped, too.
Daniel just held her. He began rocking her and humming softly. 
Aden eventually got control and started pushing the tears away. Daniel gently helped. “Hey, sister dear.” He gently lifted her face. “I love you, you know.”
Aden nodded, not trusting her voice. She closed her eyes to prevent another cascade. “We should get back.”
His lips brushed hers.
Aden instinctively pushed away. “Daniel! Don’t.”
She could see the hurt on his face but worse, she could feel his pain. His bottom lip trembled. “Is that what I did wrong last time?”
He had kissed her. She had wanted him to kiss her then. She’d felt so guilty about it the next day when Cindy had come to see her that she’d vowed it would never happen again. She struggled for control. “This isn’t about then, this is about now. Do you have any idea how worried everyone has been? Why didn’t you at least answer your radio?”
For just a moment, Daniel looked like the school boy she remembered so long ago. “The battery went dead.”
Aden stared at him. That was right up there with the dog ate my homework. “You’re joking!”
He shook his head and scuffed his feet on the trail. “I didn’t have a chance to put it on the base last night.”
Aden let the anger come. It carried her forward. “Are you out of your mind? You actually came out here - alone - knowing your radio was low?” She was shaking for several different reasons. “What if something had happened to you? How would you have called for help?”
Daniel looked up at her with a sheepish pout. “Does that mean you still care?”
She wanted to deck him! Somehow she stayed still. “Care? Are you crazy? Daniel!” She saw his face crumpling. She couldn’t handle that. She came forward and grabbed his arms. Aden swallowed hard to get her voice under control. “You saved my life. Of course I care.”
He fell forward and she caught him in her arms. He clung to her and sobbed on her shoulder. “I was so afraid you were going to die.”
Aden closed her eyes and leaned her face in his shoulder. “Which time?”
His sobs became mixed with laughter. “I don’t know.” He hugged her tightly. “I’ve gotten you into so many stupid messes.”
Aden forced the mental box closed and got control. “And out of many, too.” She hugged him back then released him. “Now it’s my turn.”
He let her go but he didn’t look up. “I can’t go back. Not yet.” He tilted his head up so he could just see her. “That Beast is still out there somewhere. I’ve got to find it. And stop it – permanently.” His tone was stone cold.
Aden backed up a step. His look chilled her. Did he know that he was standing there with that Beast? She struggled to fill her lungs. Aden started to turn but Daniel grabbed her arm. She felt the panic rise. Aden pulled away and stumbled, reaching out for a tree to catch her fall.
The contact flooded her nerves. She suddenly felt as though she were part of the entire forest, not just what she could see, but what still stretched far beyond the valley.
Daniel was beside her. She could hear him. “Aden? I’m sorry. Are you okay?”
Aden took comfort in the vastness of the network and gradually pulled herself back inside. She put her forehead to the sticky bark. “I need to get back to town.” She released the tree. She didn’t look at him. “You need to come home.”
Aden started down the trail. She pulled the radio from her belt and called for Joseph.
He responded. “Aden? Are you all right?”
“I am.” She paused. “And the prodigal son has been found. He should be on his way back to town soon.” Aden could hear Daniel walking behind her on the trail. She knew he was close enough to hear. She just hoped he got the message.
Aden signed off and put the radio back on her belt. She didn’t want to say anything else to Daniel. She started to jog down the trail. When she felt she was far enough out of sight, she began to run.
She got back to the SUV, called Joseph to let him know, and headed back for town. It would take him and Michael a little longer to get back to their rig. They’d been up Cat Creek, looking in Duval’s old haunts, figuring that was where Daniel was most likely to have gone.
Aden drove carefully down the rutted track. Daniel had probably chosen to focus his search on the back side of town, realizing that was where Duval had found the hikers on their way up to the lake. She wondered where Duval had actually gone. She hadn’t felt him.
Aden pulled into the lot by the Office and parked. She didn’t see anyone else around. It was turning into a real ghost town. She shuddered at the thought.
She walked to the café. It was quiet. Aden could hear muffled sobs and looked around.
Cindy was seated at a table near the cold fireplace. Aden went over to her, making enough noise to warn her friend that she was there. Cindy looked up as Aden pulled out the chair next to hers and sat down. 
Aden could see the fresh tears still trickling from the corners of her eyes. She grabbed a roll of silverware and dumped them out. Aden gently dabbed the tears away with the napkin. “It’s okay. I found him. He’s all right.”
Cindy flung her arms around Aden. “Oh, thank you!” She buried her face on Aden’s shoulder.
Aden controlled the fear of contact. She rearranged her chair so she could hold Cindy without putting strain on either of them. “Don’t worry. He’ll be back soon.” She hugged Cindy and gently rocked her.
“I’ve been so scared.” Cindy’s voice trembled.
Aden closed her eyes. The memories tried to seep out again but she refused to let them. This was now. “Hey, Cinders. Everything will be okay.”
Cindy eventually let her go. She used the napkin to wipe her own face. Aden pulled back and gave her space. Cindy finished and sat twisting the napkin in her fingers. She didn’t look up.
Aden felt the chill beginning to creep up her spine. She started to rise but Cindy reached out and grabbed her hand. Aden reluctantly sat back down.
Cindy reached into her apron pocket and pulled something out. She set it down on the table next to Aden. It was the nickel.
Aden sat transfixed by the reflective surface.
Cindy tapped the table next to it. “I remember a night when your dad came in looking for you. You were sitting at this very table. He put a penny down in front of you.”
Aden closed her eyes, forcing the memory box to stay closed. She began to tremble. How could she tell Cindy the truth? She missed their old friendship so much. The tears came unbidden. She struggled to find the words. “What did I do to offend you so?”
Cindy gasped. Aden looked up at her. Cindy had also begun to cry again. “Offend me?” Her voice caught. “Oh, Aden! You didn’t.” She leaned forward and drew Aden into her arms. “I was just so afraid.”
Aden held her close. She was mystified. “Of what?”
“That you would figure it out!” She sobbed. “You were always good at figuring things out.”
Aden felt lost. She’d always beaten Cindy at chess because the moves she’d used were too obvious. She’d even been able to tell when Cindy was fibbing to Annie to get out of trouble. But this time she was clueless. What was she missing? She wasn’t even sure how to fish for hints. She gently pulled back from Cindy and pushed the hair from her friend’s face. “I don’t understand. What were you afraid of?”
Cindy’s eyes widened. “That you would think I was awful.” Cindy covered her mouth with her hands.
Aden carefully took Cindy’s hands in her own. The contact was shocking but she refused to let it affect her. She swallowed down her fear. “Cindy. I would never think that.” She realized she could feel the stress coursing through Cindy’s body. “Honey Girl, this isn’t good for your baby.”
Cindy rolled forward and Aden almost panicked. She caught her in her arms and pulled her close. Cindy was shaking. She curled into Aden’s lap like a little child. 
Aden became conscious of the pulse of blood so very close to her mouth. She froze and fought for control. How could she even think such a thing! She clenched her jaws tight and focused on trying to calm Cindy. “Come on now, you’ve got to breathe.” Aden struggled to keep her own advice.
A slight noise distracted her. She allowed her senses to move outward. She felt Daniel. He must have come in the back. He was standing by the service doors, watching them.
Cindy shifted in her lap and looked up at her. “I’m afraid to tell him.”
Aden looked down at her. Cindy’s voice had chilled her. “Tell him what?”
“About the baby.” The whisper seemed like a shout.
Aden let her senses feel the tiny spark of life within Cindy. It was overwhelming. Aden pulled Cindy close to keep from dropping her. “You’re baby is fine.”
Cindy buried her face in Aden’s neck. “But it’s not his.”
Aden trembled along with Cindy. She glanced up and realized that Daniel had come in and was slowly inching his way closer. She didn’t know what to do. “Cindy.”
Cindy reached up and put a finger on Aden’s lips. “No. I have to tell you. I have to.”
Aden struggled for every ounce of control. She carefully reached up and took Cindy’s fingers in her own and pulled them away from her mouth. “Honey Girl.” She squeezed her fingers gently.
Cindy looked desperate. “We’d tried for so long. I’d been going to a doctor down in Newport. I’d tried every remedy. Everything. But I couldn’t get pregnant.” She swallowed hard. “The doctor even tested me. I was afraid I had bad eggs. But they were fine. He wanted to see Daniel. I was afraid to even ask him. But the doctor asked if he could see Daniel’s medical records.”
Aden was beginning to feel the chill rising up her spine. She hugged Cindy and glanced at Daniel. He had stopped by the front counter and was leaning on it. His face looked perplexed.
Cindy pulled closer to Aden. “I’d gotten them from Sam and took them to the doctor.” She looked up at Aden. “Do you remember when Daniel got so sick back in high school?”
Aden closed her eyes and nodded. The chill had taken over her stomach.
Cindy closed her eyes. “He had mumps. The doctor said that was the problem. It made him,” She didn’t finish.
Aden held her close. She felt the chill closing around her heart. “What did you do?”
“I took the records back to Sam. He was having a rough night. I think he knew something was up with your dad but was afraid to say anything.” Cindy sobbed. “He’d been drinking. I was worried so I said I’d cook him some dinner.” Cindy clung to Aden. “He came up behind me while I was at the stove.”
Aden went completely cold. Annie had known. She looked down at the nickel then squeezed her eyes closed. “Oh, Cinders.”
Cindy moaned softly. “At first I thought it was awful. But the doctor had said we could always adopt or try artificially, you know, with a donor. But both of those were so expensive. Times have been tight. So I got to thinking, I mean, Sam was at least related.” She brought her knuckles to her face.
Aden was terrified Cindy might actually bite herself. She didn’t think she had enough control at the moment to handle blood in the air. She grabbed Cindy’s hand and pulled it away from her mouth. “Honey Girl, don’t do this to yourself.”
“I have to. I have to find the courage to tell him. He has to know. It’s not fair to him.” She sobbed. “I did this. It’s my fault.”
Aden tucked Cindy’s head under her chin and rocked her. She glanced over at Daniel. His face had gone pale. He was gripping the edge of the counter.
Cindy shook. “I kept going to him.”
Aden gasped. “What?” She looked down at Cindy’s tortured face.
“Whenever he’d get drunk, I’d help him home and tuck him into bed.” Cindy’s voice trailed off. Her eyes looked up at Aden. “I wanted this baby so much.” She closed her eyes and squeezed out the tears. Cindy moaned deeply. “He’s going to think I’m wicked.”
Aden was beside herself. She looked over at Daniel. He was crying. He stumbled forward and fell to his knees next to them. He reached out and pulled Cindy from Aden’s arms. “I don’t think you’re wicked.” He buried his face in her hair and they sobbed together.
Aden covered her own face with her hands. It was Sam’s baby! She almost fell out of the chair.
Cindy wept in Daniel’s arms. “I’m so sorry!” She shook. “He was trying to tell you and I stopped him!” She completely broke down.
Daniel held her tight. He lost his balance, almost fell over, and ended up leaning on Aden’s legs.
Aden fought every cell in her body for control. She could feel Daniel, Cindy, and the baby. They were entwined within a tightly interwoven web. She thought back to what Joseph had said the night before. This was a true union.
Daniel pulled Cindy’s face up. “This is one special baby we got here. The last of the Taylor line. We’re going to have to take good care of it.”
Cindy touched his face. “Please don’t hate me.”
Aden felt Daniel’s soul snap. “Oh, Baby, I could never hate you.”
Aden felt her chest tightening. Her lungs contracted. It was too much for her. She felt strong hands around her neck. “Hey there, Girl. Where do you think you’re going?” Aden looked up into the eyes of Clem. He held her airway open. She struggled but he held her firmly. “I really don’t want to have to feed you a piece of plastic.” He massaged her throat. “Come on. You gotta relax.”
Aden closed her eyes and let her senses expand. She could feel Clem’s concern for her. She felt Maggie holding Cindy and Daniel. All three of them were frightened. She felt Annie come rushing from the kitchen. Then her mind touched Michael. She could feel him! He was coming.
Clem’s fingers worked around her jaw. “Come on, Aden. You gotta breathe.”
His voice snapped her back. She focused on her own body. She felt the tightness in her throat and concentrated on relaxing the muscles. She felt the air swell into her starved lungs.
Annie’s voice sounded close. “What happened? What’s wrong with her?”
“Take it easy, Annie.” Clem’s voice shook. “I only have one set of hands.”
Aden swallowed. She opened her eyes again. “I’m better.”
Clem looked at her. “Are you sure?” His voice was barely a whisper. “Do you need some space?”
Aden forced herself to stop shaking. “I’m good.” He started to let go. “Clem?”
He paused, his fingertips still touching her. “Change your mind?”
Aden realized Annie was hovering. She chose her words carefully. “I really need something to eat.”
Clem’s eyes widened. “Hold that thought.”
Annie patted her on the shoulder. “You hang on. I’ll pull something together.” She hurried away.
“Annie, make it something gentle on the tummy.” Clem looked back at her. “Are you ready for gravity?”
Aden managed a weak grin. “I’ll beat it yet.”
Clem smiled. “Just don’t start floating, okay?” He winked and let her go.
Daniel looked over at her. She could feel his concern. “Where the hell is Doc when you need him most?”
She gave him her best mock scowl. “He’s been out looking for your sorry hide.”
Daniel nodded. “I deserved that.” He looked over at Cindy. “You look like you could use a nap.”
Maggie helped her up and Clem pulled Daniel to his feet. Maggie put an arm around Cindy’s shoulders. “How about I help you upstairs?”
Cindy looked at Aden. She pulled away from Maggie and came toward her. Aden started to shake but braced herself. Cindy reached down and hugged her. “Please forgive me.”
Aden returned the hug. “The way old friends do.”
Cindy hugged her tighter then let her go. She walked back to Maggie and let Daniel fuss over her as he almost carried her up the stairs.
Clem collapsed into the chair next to her. “Mag almost lost it when we came in and found those two on the floor and you looking like death.”
“Sorry about that.”
Clem reached over and put his hand over her wrist. “Do you have any idea what happened?”
Aden noticed Annie returning. “I probably just need to pay better attention to when I eat.” Annie moved the nickel out of the way so she could set the plate down. Aden pushed the coin into the pocket of her denim jacket.
Annie hugged her. “Darlin’, you just need to eat, period. You’re nothing but skin and bones.”
Aden laughed. “No wonder Joseph looks so healthy.”
Annie blushed. “I’m going to go upstairs and check on the kids.”
Clem tapped the plate. “Now, Sheriff. You have a sworn duty to attend to.”
“What duty is that?”
Clem picked up the loose fork and held it out to her. “In order to protect the citizens of this community, you are here by required to maintain a safe and healthy food in-take.”
Aden knew he’d meant it as a joke. She took the offered fork. Did he realize how close he was to the truth?
* * *

Michael was relieved when he caught the first glimpse of buildings through the trees. The terror was welling just below the surface. He reached out for her as they rumbled past the house. She wasn’t there. Joseph pulled into the lot by the Office. Michael tightened. Aden wasn’t there either.
Joseph grabbed his arm. “Michael. What’s wrong?”
“I don’t know. I just have a bad feeling.” He opened the door and found Aden at his side. He almost collapsed with relief. He pulled her close. “Are you okay?”
She looked up at him. “Could you feel me, too?”
He put his forehead on hers. “Ya, I could.” She trembled in his arms.
Joseph came around the back of the SUV. He had an odd look on his face. “Everything okay?”
Aden relaxed in his arms. She turned to him. “All clear. Daniel is back. He’s over at the café taking care of Cindy.”
Joseph’s brows went up. “I thought he’d done that all ready.”
Clem came up behind Joseph and put a hand on his shoulder. “Now there’s a long story behind all this with a really bizarre moral. I’m sure I’ll find a moral in it somewhere. At least now I know why she took off running.” He looked at Michael. “Aden has a really scary way of reminding me that she forgets to eat.” Clem gave him a concerned look.
Michael looked back at her. “You sure you’re okay?”
She was still trembling. “You should eat, too.”
Clem chuckled. “Good advice.” He pulled Joseph toward the café. “Annie may need a little extra support from you tonight.”
“What happened?”
“I think I’ll let Annie fill you in on all of that.” Clem glanced back at them. “Don’t be too long, Doc. She finished most of her plate but I’m going to find one just for you.”
Michael waited until he was sure Joseph was out of earshot. He turned back to Aden. “Do I get a hint?”
She leaned on him. “Where do I start?” She sighed. “I finally found out what’s going on with Cindy and Daniel.” She pulled him toward the Office and sank down on the porch.
Michael sat next to her and put an arm around her shoulders. “She’s had some crazy secret that she’s been keeping from him.”
Aden looked at him with wide eyes. “How did you know that?”
“Just stuff I’ve overheard.” He kissed her forehead. “So what was it?”
Aden took his hand. “Sam is the father of the baby.”
Michael tried not to laugh. He could see how much this affected Aden. “So does that make her Dan’s sister or step-daughter?”
Aden gasped and looked up at him. At first he was afraid she’d been offended. “You can feel it, too?”
He relaxed. “That it’s a girl?” He grinned. “Sensory overload is crazy like that.”
Aden looked away. “That’s an understatement.”
He got concerned. “Is that what happened?”
Aden got up and walked a few steps. Michael realized she was crying.
He got up and took her in his arms. “Aden? What’s wrong?”
She turned to him and sank into his chest. He pulled her close. He could feel her heavy sorrow. “I’ll never be able to have one.”
Michael struggled to figure out what she was talking about. “Why do you say that?”
He could feel the surprise ripple through her. She looked up. “I could never do that! How could I curse another life the way I’m cursed?”
He stared at her. “Aden, we’re not cursed.”
She put a finger over his lips. “I am.” She started to turn away but he held her tight. She looked back at him. “I almost bit Cindy today.”
He could hear the desperation in her voice. “But you didn’t.”
She started to crumple. He pulled her close again. Aden sobbed on his shoulder. “I could never bring a child into this world with this curse.”
Michael closed his eyes. Now he understood. He found her face and kissed her. He kept his forehead close to hers. “There’s no reason to believe that you’re eggs have been affected. And there’s no way to tell if the virus could cross the placenta. Mothers don’t pass their immunity on to their babies. That’s why babies have to have immunizations.” She began to pull away but he contained her. “And I couldn’t pass the virus that way. Sperm don’t have mitochondria.”
Aden looked up at him. He could feel her terror. “And if I bit my own child?”
He enfolded her. There had to be something he was missing. “I will find a way. I promise.” He closed his eyes and rocked her gently.
Aden tensed in his arms. “Daniel is coming.”
As if on cue, Daniel came around the corner of the rig. “Clem was starting to worry about you two. Something about having the sheriff arrested for detaining the doctor from dinner?”
Michael laughed. “Tell Clem I haven’t forgotten. We’ll be there in a few.”
Daniel got a strange look on his face. “Hey, Big A. You got drippy eyes?”
He could feel Aden laugh, in spite of her mood. Michael grinned. “Tell Annie to hold the raw onions.”
Daniel made a small salute and went back toward the café.
Aden tried to dry her eyes on her sleeve. Michael pulled out a handkerchief and dabbed at the tears. “This might work better.”
Aden covered his hand with hers and looked up. “What are we going to do about Duval now?”
Michael sighed. “I’m not sure yet. I need to go through more of Jack’s notebook. There’s so much stuff all jumbled together. He didn’t really understand what he was copying down. It’s all random.”
Aden glanced toward the café before looking back at him. “We have to tell them something. Daniel took an insane risk today because he didn’t know. The sunlight is no longer a safety net.”
Michael sighed. “I know. I was just hoping the modification would have made more of a difference. I’m not sure what to say to people. I mean, we injected him but he’s still a super strong malicious killer. The only difference is now he can talk.” Michael let her go and turned away. “Like that was a big improvement.” He ran his hand through his hair. There had to be a solution.
He became conscious of Aden. She was trembling. He turned around. She was standing with her hands over her face. His heart contracted. “Hey, what’s up?”
Aden was struggling for control. She looked up at him. “What if Duval tells them?”
Michael reached for her but she backed away. He was confused. “Tells them what?”
“About me?” She turned quickly toward the back of the SUV then relaxed.
Clem came around the corner of the rig. He looked as though he’d been about to say something but changed his mind. He looked between the two of them. He held out a towel-wrapped sandwich to Michael.
Michael took it. The smell of goat roast made his stomach rumble. “Thanks, Clem.”
Clem nodded. He looked at Aden with concern. “Are we crashing again?”
She looked at Michael. “Does Clem know?”
Michael shook his head and unwrapped the warm food. “This sandwich smells really good.”
Clem frowned. “That I actually did know.” He looked between them again. “Is this something Clem doesn’t want to know?”
Michael closed his eyes. “You know that modified serum I was working on?” He sighed. “We kind of tested it.”
“I figured that's what you were up to last night.” Clem leaned on the SUV. “And how did that go?” His voice shook.
Aden came to Michael. “You should really eat that. They’re much better when they’re hot.” She moved toward the office. “I have to check messages and lock up.” She kissed him lightly.
Michael watched her walk away then turned back to Clem. “You remember the whole win-win and lose-lose talk?”
“I take it this wasn’t a win-win.”
“No. This was more of a win-lose.” The sandwich steamed in the cold night air. “The problem is, we took the loss.”
Clem pushed off the side of the rig and came toward Michael. “Could you expand on that a little?”
Michael looked up at Clem. “Duval is cognitive now.”
“And this is bad because?”
Michael looked toward the office. He could see Aden shutting down the computer. “You know how she gets if she doesn’t eat?”
He heard Clem swallow. “Serious cravings?”
Michael turned back. “Ya. And Duval doesn’t care what he munches on like Aden does.”
“He must have eaten his cricket.”
Aden shut the office door and came down the steps. She stopped next to Michael and tapped on his shoulder. “Osmosis isn’t working. Try using your teeth.”
Clem backed up a step and made contact with the rig. He almost fell over.
Michael handed the food to Aden and caught Clem. “Whoa, Army! What’s up with the wobblies?”
Clem leaned on him. “I’m just trying my best Weeble imitation. Must be a good one.”
Michael could feel the wave of fear fading from Clem. Was he really afraid of Aden? He looked at her. “I think we should get Clem to the café.”
She motioned toward the road. “Or at least pass him off to Maggie.”
Michael could hear the crunch of gravel. He looked at Clem. “Are you going to be okay?”
Clem managed to get his balance. “I think so.” He looked over at Aden. “Make sure he eats that.” He turned in time to startle Maggie.
She gasped. “Clem! You scared me half to death.”
He put an arm around her. “Sorry about that.”
She looked concerned. “Are you okay?”
“Just chilly. Does Daniel need any help getting a fire going?” Clem and Maggie walked down the street together toward the café.
Aden put the sandwich in his hands and put her arm around his waist. “I don’t know about you, but I’m tired.”
Michael held the food in one hand and put his other arm around Aden. “I second that motion.” He bit into the sandwich. The roll was cooling but the meat was still warm and juicy on the inside.
He had it finished by the time they got to the house. She held the door open for him. Aden closed and bolted it behind them.
Michael used the towel to wipe his hands. “Those really are world class sandwiches.” He draped the towel over the chair. He was worried about Aden. “Did you get enough to eat?”
She sighed. “Clem almost force-fed me. I ate more than I usually do.”
He grinned. “Which is really about half enough.”
“Not you, too!” She took off her jacket and hung it on a peg. She looked up in the mirror above the coat hooks. “Wow, what a mess.”
He came up behind her and undid her tangled hair. He pulled it free and ran his fingers through it. He looked up in the mirror at their reflections. Aden’s expression frightened him. “You’re not alone.”
She laughed harshly. “I guess we’re not real vampires after all. We can see ourselves.”
He kissed her on the neck. “We’re not vampires and we’re not beasts.”
She tensed and turned in his arms. “Then what are we?”
“Two tired people in need of a hot shower.”
She kissed him and pulled him upstairs. They showered and he carried her to the bedroom. He dried her in his own unique fashion and held her close long after they finally released each other.
Aden drifted off to sleep. He laid there watching her for a long time. He was tired but his mind was still wide awake. There was so much he didn’t understand about the virus. He just didn’t know how to figure it out.
Michael started to snuggle in next to her when he heard a sound. He was instantly awake again. Aden stirred beside him but he hushed her. He recognized it. It was his phone. He must have left it downstairs.
Aden rolled closer to him. “What is it?”
“Just my phone. Go back to sleep.” He stroked her forehead until she fell asleep. He almost dozed off himself. His mind clicked. He missed a call to George! 
Michael carefully slipped out of bed and grabbed the towel. Aden turned and reached out her hand. He patted it. “It’s all right, Love. I’ll be right back.” He kissed her fingers. She relaxed.
Michael went down to the lab and flipped on the lights. The phone beeped behind him. He found it on a box in the outer room and looked at the display. The message was from Diana. He sighed but hit the voicemail anyway.
Diana’s voice sounded wispy through the speaker. “Michael! Don’t you ever answer your phone? Anyway, this is just a quick reminder that the party is only a week away. Oh, and have you heard from Aden? Sarah said something about the two of you but I didn’t quite get it. You know Sarah. She wouldn’t be direct if the sky was falling. Anyway, she sounded a little worried. She hasn’t been able to get a hold of Aden so if you see her, tell her to call. See you next week. Bye!”
Michael didn’t save the message. He never did. Where had he seen Aden’s phone? He had a vague memory of it falling out of her pocket. Then he knew.
He went back into the lab and dug around on the bench. He found it under a stack of notes. The battery was dead. It had the same plug his did. He put the phone on the charger then wrote a quick note for Aden so she’d call Sarah.
Michael went back out into the other room and dialed George. George answered. Michael hadn’t thought to check the time. “Sorry. Hope I didn’t wake you.”
George sighed. “No. I don’t care that you woke me. I’m glad because it means you’re still alive and I don’t have to come bag you up.”
Michael swallowed hard. “I’ve dealt with enough black bags.”
“Another one?” George’s voice was tense.
“No, thankfully not.” He considered how to explain all this to George. “I really need to bounce some things off you. If you need me to call back in the morning,”
“No.” Michael could hear George shuffling around. “Just let me get to my office so Faith can go back to sleep.”
Michael closed his eyes. How much could he safely tell George?
He heard George’s computer come to life. “Okay, I’m ready. What have you got?”
Michael swallowed hard. “Before I tell you the bad news, let me give you the good.”
“I’m always there for good news.”
“I have a control serum that modifies the original virus into something less dangerous.”
“Like a vaccination?”
“Not exactly.” Michael closed his eyes and began describing the virus to George.
* * *

Aden woke gasping for air. Tendrils of the dream still wrapped around her mind. It was like the others with the angry mob chasing her only this time everyone was there, including Daniel, Cindy, Joseph, and Clem. Even Michael was in the mob. They were all chanting, ‘Kill the Beast!’ as she fell over a cliff.
She managed to get her heartbeat back to normal. Michael was sleeping soundly beside her. She was grateful for that. He hadn’t been getting enough lately. She had no idea what time he’d finally come to bed. She wondered if she should be worried or would the virus make it easier for them to recover from that, too?
She was distracted by a distant rumble that grew as it drew closer. Aden realized it was a truck. Who would be up at this hour? She got out of bed and went to the window. It was Daniel’s pickup rattling down the road headed up the valley. He couldn’t be! Not again!
Aden dressed quickly and told Michael where she was going. He mumbled something and went back to sleep. She raced down the stairs and plunged her feet into her boots, wrapping the laces and tucking them in rather than taking the time to tie them. She grabbed her Sheriff’s coat and rushed out the door.
The exhaust from the truck lingered over the road. She considered taking her rig but she didn’t want to take the time to run down and get it. She was afraid the trail of exhaust would dissipate too fast. She started down the road. The truck had turned up the east valley. Aden followed. He’d gone through a gate. Now she was really glad she hadn’t taken the SUV. She would have been on foot from this point anyway.
Aden found Daniel’s truck about a quarter mile up the road. The engine was still warm. He couldn’t be too far ahead of her. She was overheated from her run. She took off her coat. The badge reflected the moonlight. She pulled it off and pinned it to her shirt. She shoved the coat into the front seat of Daniel’s truck. She could feel Daniel on the edges of her senses. She set off in that direction.
Dew was settling on leaves and before long, Aden was damp. Her feet began to complain. She paused and tied her boots properly. What was Daniel doing out here? He seemed to be wandering aimlessly through the forest. He’d passed through several different drainages already.
Aden reached out to the tree she was standing next to and tentatively touched the trunk. She steadied herself as the network sprang to life around her. She gradually relaxed and let her mind become one with the forest.
She felt Daniel pushing ahead through the brush. She also found Duval. He was curled up in a tree root cave, resting but not fully asleep. The myriad creatures of the forest moved or slept as their cycles dictated.
Aden slowly pulled back to her own awareness. She inhaled deeply, reading all the stories that the light breeze had to tell. It was the forest version of the early morning news.
She kept a safe distance from Daniel for the next couple of hours, trying to determine what his goal might be. Duval eventually also took an interest and began pacing him. Aden moved to keep herself between the two, trying to avoid a confrontation.
She kept rolling the events of Duval’s recovery through her mind and comparing them with what she remembered of her own. She wondered if Michael’s had been similar but he didn’t have the craving for blood that she, and obviously Duval, still had.
She was still uncertain what to do about Duval. Michael kept talking about finding some way to block the virus from replication. She didn’t understand it all but he seemed to feel that might correct the problem. 
Aden paused as Daniel slumped against the log. He’d finally gotten tired. The sun would be up soon. She was beginning to feel hungry. Or was that Duval’s hunger she was feeling?
He wasn’t far away. That concerned her. He’d moved close again. She leaned and touched a nearby tree. She felt the extended network and closed her eyes. She was finally getting used to this. She could feel Daniel and Duval in the network.
She tensed. Michael was there! He was traveling with someone else down a wooded path. She felt the movement of their passage against the bushes they encountered. Could he feel her?
Aden was distracted by the crackle of Daniel’s radio. At least he’d taken it this time. She carefully pulled out of the network.
Joseph was calling for Daniel to answer his radio. “This is Tall Man. Danny Boy. Do you copy? Doc and I are on foot. What’s you’re location?”
Daniel swore and turned down the radio. He looked around the forest. “Damn it, Beast! Where are you?” He glared at the silence. “Aden’s not going to stop me this time. I am going to find you and blow you back to hell, where you belong.”
She felt Duval move closer. Aden growled deep in her throat. She knew Daniel couldn’t hear it but Duval could. And he could probably feel it, too. She felt his fear as he backed off again.
Daniel sighed deeply. “Okay. We’ll do this a different way.” He leaned his shot gun against the log and pulled his hunting knife from the sheath on his thigh. He unbuttoned his sleeve and rolled it up.
Aden had a bad feeling. She started to move. It was time to stop this game. She pushed through the brush and found Daniel’s trail. She stepped into the clearing and watched Daniel hold the knife to his arm. “No! Daniel, don’t!”
He looked up at her and pulled the knife across the outside of his arm. A thin line of red beads rose along the cut. “I want the Beast. Not you, Joe, or anyone else is going to stop me.” His tone was low and dangerous.
Aden could smell the metallic tang in the air. She felt her heart rate increase. Her mouth began to salivate. She struggled to stay still. Panic rose as the smell was caught by the breeze. She started to tremble.
Duval roared. She felt him coming. Daniel picked up his gun. Aden had to move! She ran forward, jumped over the log where Daniel sat, and launched herself at Duval. She heard Daniel’s curse but ignored him. They both rolled to their feet.
Duval struggled to get away from her. “He’s mine! He’s been offering himself to me all night. Can’t you smell the blood offering?”
Aden punched out with such force Duval was knocked off his feet. She welcomed the pain. It helped her stop thinking about the smell of Daniel’s blood. She pounced on Duval.
He hissed and rolled, pulling Aden off. They scrambled to their feet and Duval took off running. Aden followed. They crashed through the underbrush, sliding across moss-covered logs, and weaving through the spindly trees.
Duval suddenly stopped, pivoted, and pushed back at Aden. The force was so great, it knocked the breath out of her. She started to fall but Duval grabbed her. He pulled her close. “Trust me, Goddess. You don’t want to go there.”
Aden pulled away from him and stood panting. Duval smiled a toothy grin at her. She heard the river churning, felt the spray that drifted upward through the canyon, and smelled the damp earthy loam. She saw the abrupt change in foliage just beyond where Duval stood. He’d kept her from going over the edge!
He seemed to purr deep in his throat. “You are my Goddess, you know.” His voice was low and sensual.
Aden glared at him. “Don’t even think about it.” Her senses flared and she whirled to face Daniel.
His gun was leveled at Duval’s chest. “Aden! Get out of there!”
Aden glanced around. Daniel had them cornered at the edge. Thimble Creek tumbled downward just to their north. There was a mass of brambles and thicket the other way. They were trapped. “Okay. We’ve got him.” She turned toward Duval and reached for the handcuff pouch on the utility belt. “We can do this the easy way or the hard way.”
Aden heard the safety click off. “I mean it Aden. I’m ending this now.”
Duval was looking at the options. She could feel his fear. Aden lowered her voice to the smallest whisper she could manage. “Trust me. You don’t want to get hit with what he’s packing in that gun.”
Duval turned and looked at her. He watched her pull out the handcuffs. His eyes went wide.
Aden felt Michael approaching and heard their passage through the bushes. Joseph broke through first. “Daniel!”
Duval narrowed his eyes and glanced toward Michael. He snarled. “You had to bring him along.” His words were almost a growl.
Aden tensed. “Don’t make this harder than it has to be.”
Daniel moved slightly. “Aden. Get away from that thing so I can turn it into swiss cheese.”
His tone terrified her. She risked a glance over her shoulder. Joseph was inching toward Daniel. Michael had paused at the edge of the clearing. His fear was like an aura around him. Daniel had edged even closer. Another step and he’d be inline for the shot.
Aden forced herself to remain calm. “Daniel. Put the gun down. Duval is a criminal and I am going to arrest him as the law requires.”
Daniel’s face was taut. “That law is for humans. That thing isn’t one. Now get out of the way.”
Aden felt Duval’s intent a heartbeat before he moved. He grabbed her and lunged toward the thicket. She heard the discharge of the gun.
The shot tore through her body. The fiery pain screamed through her soul. The shot hit Duval a half of a heartbeat later. His pain ripped through her. On some level, she felt Michael drop to his knees and knew he was sharing in their combined pain. The blast seemed to be an afterthought. She felt her body collide with Duval. They screamed in unison.
Michael echoed their cry. “Aden!”
They were teetering on the edge. Her body was in agony. The burning was intense. Her lungs were on fire! She felt the pull of gravity win. Weightlessness cradled her. She could still see but her view was like looking down a narrow dark tunnel.
She caught a brief glimpse of Daniel’s face as her body pivoted in the air. It was draped in terror and realization of what had just happened.
Her view changed and she found the first rays of morning sun working their way through the needles of the top most branches that stretched over the chasm. The pain had overwhelmed her senses. It was all she could feel. She felt her body beginning to break down as the mercury interacted with the virus-laden tissues.
Far overhead at the very end of the tunnel, she could hear his voice calling her name. He was getting farther away. She caught a brief glimpse of his face. The spasms ripped through her, intensifying the agony. She begged for death to find her and release her from this hell.
Aden had no voice left to scream. Ripples of pain arced through her. Not just her own, but Duval’s. She felt his hands reach for her. Somehow they made contact. The world twisted and turned around them. Alice had fallen down the rabbit hole to hell!
Duval screamed in agony below her. He pulled her tight. The impact was insane. She felt his bones shatter on the boulders. Her added weight impacted him from the other side.
Aden felt the impact of her own body. How could there be more pain? Bones shattered, organs ruptured, tissues, tendons, and muscles tore. Where was the sweet release of death?
Aden stove for sensory overload but it only made it worse. Why was she still feeling anything? She should be dead!
Duval gasped beneath her. His arms were limp but she could still feel the echo of his pain. When would it end? Gravity gave one last tug on her. She slid off his body and into the water.
The shock of the cold added yet a new dimension to her hell. She gasped and found her lungs filling with icy fingers. Her mind refused to let go. She couldn’t even struggle against the current as it dragged her tortured frame down the surging channel. Her lungs demanded air but there was none.
The restless river pounded her downward. She felt the impact of the rock against her head. Something sharp pierced her back and she spun in the current. Blackness finally came. 
* * *

Michael’s entire body screamed with pain. He knew it wasn’t his. It began to recede as they disappeared into the chasm.
He felt hands on his body. He focused on their touch, using his senses to pull him away from the reflected pain. Joseph’s fingers found his neck. “He’s got a pulse and he’s breathing.”
Clem’s voice crackled over the radio. “Talk to him, Joe. Get him to hear you!”
“Michael?” Joseph’s fingers touched his face. “Come on, Michael. Look at me!”
Michael forced his eyes to open. The pain was a distant memory. Aden! He struggled to roll and Joseph helped him sit. Everything seemed fuzzy. He heard sobbing and turned toward it.
Daniel was curled forward on the ground. He had his fists pressed into his face. He was repeating the same thing over and over again. “No! Not Aden!”
Michael leaned forward. He had to move quickly. He looked at Joseph. “You’ve got to help Daniel. Get him back down to town.”
Joseph’s eyes went wide. “Michael?”
“I’ve got to find her.” He rolled to his feet and staggered toward the edge.
Joseph jumped up and grabbed him. “You can’t just jump off the cliff! The fall would kill you!” He pulled him back into his arms. “Michael. She’s gone.”
“No!” He pulled away from Joseph and almost staggered into Daniel. He dropped to his knees next to him and grabbed his shoulders. He heaved him up. “Daniel!”
Daniel’s face was covered in dirt. He opened his eyes. It was a disturbing effect. “I killed her.” His sob was little more than a whisper.
Michael hugged him. “Hang on. I’ll find her. Go back to town with Joseph.” He got to his feet and turned back to look at Joseph. “Take care of him.”
“Michael. Don’t do this to yourself. You have to accept reality or it’s going to hurt you bad.”
 “For me, reality has to be solid. I’ve got to find her.” Michael turned away from him before Joseph could argue. He stumbled to the edge and looked over. It was almost straight down. He could hear a creek not far away. He started for it. If the water could find a way, so could he.
He almost fell into the creek. Michael crawled down the bank and looked at the path the water had made. It was still steep but at least it had somewhat of an angle. Trees dotted the slope along with low bushes and boulders. He started down. He stepped on a rock and found himself tumbling. The momentum pulled him downward until a tree intercepted his path.
Michael struck it hard. The air was knocked out of his lungs. He clung to the slippery bark, gasping. Several of his ribs had been broken. He cried out in pain as they began to heal. He curled against the tree and shivered as recovery shock ripped through his body. It was almost as if the tree was echoing his pain.
Above him somewhere, Joseph called down. He could barely make out the frantic voice of Clem on the radio wanting to know what was going on.
Michael groaned and leaned against the rough bark. “Forgive me, Clem. I have to find her.” He took a breath to see how his ribs were doing and felt them with his hands. He looked around the trunk. There were at least a dozen more trees below him on the slope. They would break his fall. It probably wasn’t the recommended way to get down a slope like this, but he didn’t have time to find another one.
He gritted his teeth and pushed away from the tree. Michael did the best he could to mediate the fall. He put his arms out, trying to slow down. He hit the next tree and did less damage. It took him less time to recover.
By the time he’d made it to the river bank, he’d found a basic method that got him down with the least amount of pain. He knelt beside the river. His body shook from the exertion of the fall as well as the numerous healings. He was starving.
Something danced in the water near the rock he rested on. He’d never gone fishing in his life but hunger was a wonderful instigator. He grabbed it and dragged the wiggling fish toward him. Part of his mind balked at the idea of eating a raw fish but the predator in him didn’t care. The fish didn’t have blood the way a mammal did but the fatty flesh did wonders for his starving body. Michael rinsed off the last of the scales and stumbled down the river.
He had no idea where to begin looking. He wasn’t sure how long it had taken him to get down. What if he was too late?
He fought down the panic and allowed his senses to reach outward. The first wave of pain was so intense, he dropped to his knees. His own pain was mild in comparison. He struggled to pull his mind back under control. What was he feeling? Was it Aden or Duval? He couldn’t tell. It was just pain.
He staggered to his feet and stumbled down the bank. He knew he was getting closer when it became so bad that he was ready to rip out his own lungs. He wrapped his arms around his body and pressed onward.
Tears streamed down his face and blurred his vision. His body shook from pain that was only a reflection. How bad was she hurt? What had the mercury pellets done to her? 
Michael collapsed on the water’s edge. She had to be close. He could tell it was her now. He could feel Duval but he seemed much farther away. He struggled up on his elbows and looked around. Where was she? 
Movement in the water caught his attention. He blinked the tears from his eyes and tried to focus on the churning rapids. Something billowed just below the surface. He could feel her! It was Aden!
He slipped off the rock and was almost pulled under by the strong current. He’d never been much of a swimmer. He struggled toward her body, desperately trying to block the worst of the reflected pain from his mind. His legs felt numb from the cold. His feet slipped on the slime-covered rocks unseen under the water.
Something jabbed his leg. He reached down into the water. It was a tree branch. He held on and pulled himself toward her. He could see the trail of blood in the water now. He moved faster.
He touched her body. His mind exploded and he almost lost his hold on the limb. He felt along the underwater branch. It was stuck into her back! Michael almost lost it. He prayed that Clem could find them. He was definitely going to need help.
The force of the current was pushing Aden’s body under the log. He braced himself against the slick surface and grabbed her. Pain ripped through his mind. How could she possibly still be alive? How long had she been under?
He clenched his teeth and heaved her body back. His own knees buckled and the current pressed him against the unseen limb. Aden’s body bobbed to the surface. He grabbed it and pulled her close. The contact overwhelmed him. He lost his grip on the log but refused to let go of Aden. 
He slipped underwater and came up coughing and gagging. The current spun them around in dizzy eddies. He caught sight of the bank and tried to grab a rock with one hand. It slipped away and they were spun around in a new direction. He submersed again and fought to keep his hold on her while struggling toward the surface. He had to get them to shore.
Michael saw a tree leaning across the river ahead. The long branches dragged in the current. He reached for it and hung on. Pain ripped through his own body. He struggled to pull Aden’s limp form toward the shore. He finally managed to find solid purchase and pushed them both toward the calmer shallow water.
Michael dragged her onto a narrow gravel bar. He could see the gaping wound in her back. It wasn’t healing. He pulled her over. She wasn’t breathing. He ran his hands along her neck. There was no pulse! But he could feel her pain!
He pulled up on his knees and straddled her, trying to push the water out of her lungs. It wasn’t working. He moved to kneel beside her and rolled her to her side. He grabbed her around the waist and bent her in half. Water spurted from her mouth. “Come on, Baby. You have to cough it out.” He pulled her up onto his lap and pulled on her chest. It was something between a limp Heimlich and a reverse chest compression.
He could feel it echo through his own body. He kept pulling as hard as he could. When no more water came out, he laid her on her back, opened her airway, and forced air into her lungs.
The responding ripple of pain sent a shock wave through his own body. He moved into chest compressions. Her pain was his only resource. He didn’t understand how she could have survived but he kept going. He lost track of time. He moved between compressions and ventilations.
Aden’s pain abruptly flared. She gasped and choked. Michael almost cried with relief. He rolled her to her side. “That’s it. Cough it out.” His body trembled. He leaned over her. Aden’s pain echoed through him.
Michael noticed the tiny holes in her shirt. He ripped open the fabric and saw the splatter of pellet holes in her skin. White pus oozed from each one. He dug into one and found the pellet the hard way. The tip of his finger burned. He yanked it back. The tip looked melted.
In desperation, he scanned the bar and saw a collection of twigs scattered among the rocks. He grabbed one and dug into the hole. The pellet popped out. He did his best to dig out the bubbling mess.
He continued until all of the pellets were gone. Her pain had lessened but her body was struggling to recover. She needed food. He looked toward the water. He had no idea if there would be any more fish there or not. His might have been a lucky find.
He kissed her head. “Hang on. I’ll see what I can get.”
He crawled back toward the tree that he’d used to pull them out. Movement on the downstream side caught his attention. A large silvery fish huddled in the relatively calm water behind the log. Michael rested a moment. His own strength was failing. He focused on the wiggling form and grabbed the fish.
It struggled in his grasp and he dug his nails into the sides and pulled it from the water. It flopped and wiggled on the gravel bar. Michael grabbed a rock and bashed it on the head.
He carried the fish back to Aden. He could feel her heart beating but she was barely breathing. He dropped to his knees beside her and stared at the fish. What now? He’d been so hungry before that he’d eaten the first one without thought. He was that hungry now but knew that Aden needed the food more than he did. He just had to figure out how to get it into her.
Michael ripped the softer belly open and pulled out the gooey flesh. It sure didn’t look that way when they served it on a platter. He put it by Aden’s mouth. “Eat, Baby. You’re body needs food.” He massaged her jaw with his other hand. It felt clamped tight.
He leaned over her and cried. “I don’t know what to do.” He buried his face in her damp hair. “You’ve got to eat.”
He ate some of the fish himself and felt better. He tried to feed her some again but still had no luck. He pulled her into his arms and cradled her. The pain had finally diminished but her body trembled. There had to be a way.
Michael rested his head on hers and rocked her gently. “Oh, Aden. How can I help you? I don’t understand what’s going on.” He tried to think. His own stomach grumbled. He looked down at the rest of the fish. He was going to need his strength. He finished it off and licked his fingers.
He paused with a finger in his mouth and looked down at her. What did she really crave? Blood! Michael closed his eyes. What else could he do? He bit down hard on his finger. He felt the blood well. He stuck the finger between her lips and held her tight. “Come on, Aden. You need this.”
His finger throbbed. He was worried it was going to heal right away. Aden clamped down on his finger. He cried out. It took him a moment to get himself under control. She began pulling on it, sucking the blood. He could feel her swallowing.
Michael curled around her and struggled to deal with the pain. When he started to feel faint, he wrestled his finger free of her teeth. His body shook. A shock wave of pain ripped through his body. He cried out but hung on. When he could breathe again, he touched Aden. Her heartbeat was stronger. Her breaths were deeper and more regular. Her pain had lessened. He clung to her and cried into her hair.
Michael woke when the afternoon sun found his face. He sat up blinking. She was still asleep but her pain had diminished. He ran his hands along her body and made sure all the little holes had closed and held no residual poison. The gaping wound on her back had also healed.
He felt weak. He needed more to eat. He crawled back to the tree and looked into the water. There were no more big fish there. He noticed some smaller ones and grabbed for them. They squeezed out through his fingers. He sighed. He closed his eyes and let his senses widen. He could feel Aden asleep behind him. He felt Duval, still in pain, somewhere farther down the river. Michael’s anger rose. Why was he still alive? It was his fault that Aden had almost died. Michael hoped Duval suffered.
He looked up at the steep canyon walls. What he needed was help. He hoped that Joseph and Clem could find them. He didn’t feel anyone nearby. What if they couldn’t? He had no idea how far they had come down the rapids. He looked over at Aden. And how were they going to explain everything?
Something caught his attention. It felt close, maybe a short ways down the river. Michael stumbled to his feet and started walking.
He was never really sure who was more startled, the small deer or him. Somehow he managed to bring it down. It struggled under his weight and the predator within him became excited and ripped into the neck. He pulled in blood. It was hot and tangy. It reminded him of goat. He stopped himself from draining it. Aden needed this, too.
He picked it up and carried it back to where she lay. He felt much stronger now. His body had stopped shaking. He dropped the deer beside her and puzzled over how he was going to get her to feed. He couldn’t exactly stick the deer in her mouth.
Michael knelt between Aden and the deer. He remembered Duval’s victims. Duval had a thing for organs. Michael shrugged and ripped open the skin of the deer. Since he hadn’t drained it, it was still quite messy. He cracked the ribs and pulled out the heart. It was still warm. He placed it by Aden’s lips. The blood dribbled into her mouth. She bit into the heart and sucked it dry. Her mouth opened to accept the meat.
Michael ate some and fed what he could to Aden. She seemed to be doing much better. The pain had faded. He was concerned that she was still unconscious.
Michael pulled her back into his arms. There had to be some way to reach her. He rocked her gently, humming to her. “Give up this grief and get past the sorrow. Move forward together into a new day. So turn around, come back to me - and stay.”
Aden stirred. Michael stopped singing and looked down at her. Her eyes opened and looked up at him. He put his head down on hers. “Welcome back, Baby.”
* * *

Aden could feel his arms around her. The whispery song still rang through her mind. She could smell him but she could also smell blood. She recognized the particular tang. It was deer. She tasted it in her mouth. She’d fed on blood! She was a Beast!
Aden curled and her stomach retched. She didn’t want the blood. She had to get it out of her system.
Michael’s arms held her tight. “No! Aden, you’ve got to keep it. You need the food.”
She heard the desperation in his voice. She could feel him trembling. His fear for her echoed through her nerves. But she should be dead. She’d felt the buckshot rip through her body. She’d fallen. She vaguely remembered Duval catching her in mid air. He’d taken the worst of it. Her father’s words echoed in her mind. It’s not the fall you have to worry about. It’s the sudden stop at the bottom that gets you.
The realization was startling. Duval had tried to save her! He’d been trying to pull her away from Daniel. Where was he now? Aden reached out her senses. The waves of his agony rippled through her. Aden cried out.
Michael held her tighter. “Aden. I’m here. Come on, Baby. Come back to me. I love you.” His tears fell on her face.
Aden shuddered. Why was she alive? She couldn’t live this way. She was a Beast, just as Duval was. Everyone wanted Duval to die. She craved blood as much as he did. Why should she live and he be sentenced to death? 
She had drowned. She remembered the cold water filling her lungs as the current forced her under the log. She’d had no strength to fight it. Her lungs spasmed with the memory.
Michael’s lips touched her. She felt his air being forced into her lungs. They responded and she gasped. Michael was shaking. “Please, Aden. You have to keep breathing!”
Aden struggled against his hold on her. He refused to let her go. Why? She’d hurt him. Visions danced through her mind’s memory box. She’d left him. He’d given up because of her. She didn’t deserve to live.
Michael’s hands forced her heart to pump. His air continued to fill her lungs. The more she fought against it, the more he fought to save her. She could feel his body shaking. He was using up his energy trying to save her.
She forced her mind away from him. Her nerves quivered with overload. She could feel the darkness. There was an escape if she could only reach it. This was the path to death. She didn’t deserve to live. She was a dangerous Beast. Her soul began sliding toward the darkness.
Michael’s voice called to her. “Aden! Don’t give up!”
Aden felt the world breaking apart around her. She could see floating on an endless river of energy, slipping toward the void.
“Aden!” Michael’s voice was a different form of energy that rippled through the threads of her own existence.
Her senses expanded through the particles. Her body trembled as waves of pain rushed over her. She gasped. It was Duval! His agony overwhelmed her. Aden wept.
Michael’s arms enveloped her. “I’m here. I’ve got you. Hang on.”
A roar split the night. Aden felt Duval advance. He staggered toward them. “Let her go!”
Aden shuddered. Her mind screamed from the blinding flood of Duval’s pain. She forced her eyes open so she could see him. His body was covered in pus. It flowed from tiny holes. She could feel the mercury eating away at the internal flesh. His mind boiled with madness.
Duval sprang across the distance that separated them. He grabbed Michael by the neck and pulled him away from her. She could feel Michael’s pain as Duval’s fingers gouged into his neck.
The waves of pain ripple outward from Michael’s body as Duval squeezed his hands and crushed Michael’s throat. She could see his agony split the patterns of energy around them. Michael kicked out in desperation. His foot intersected Duval’s abdomen. 
The holes oozed white slime under the impact. Duval let go and staggered backward toward the river. His howl reverberated through the tight canyon as he voiced what Michael could not. He dropped to the ground, withering in agony.
Aden could see Michael’s soul wavering. She could see the microscopic organisms struggling to rebuild the massive damage done. Even they couldn’t compensate. Pain flowed from his body.
She watched the ripple cascade outward and pass through the threads of her structure. She had slipped beyond the point of pain as the darkness reached for her soul. This was her release, her chance for freedom.
Michael’s soul reached out toward hers. She could see his tortured body struggling for survival. How could he still be in pain? The organism was trying to keep him alive. That was its purpose!
Aden remembered her own hell. She couldn’t let him suffer like that. She loved him! Part of herself seem to rise and wrap around her. It pulsed and pulled her back from the darkness. She fought through the waves of pain, and gasped as air filled her lungs. She felt the organism in her own body respond to the flood of oxygen. She could see it working as her body solidified and closed around her awareness. She could feel the gravel beneath her and the air currents swirling around her body.The Huntress would sustain her!
Her mate’s pain pulled her forward. She had to reach him. The world coalesced back into solid forms. The ripples of energy became sight and sound once more. The river churned beside her. Its mist covered her body.
Aden opened her eyes. She struggled to move. Every nerve screamed as she fought against the shared pain of both Michael and Duval. She pulled herself across the gravel toward Michael’s body.
His hands clawed at his throat as his body spasmed. She reached his side. The waves of agony were like a wall that separated them. She forced her way through.
Aden found his face. She blew air into his mouth. The air refused to move. In desperation, she shoved her finger down his throat. He gagged against it. She pushed the crushed passages open. She forced more air into him. Some seeped through. His struggling became more intense. She tried again. She felt the air reach his starving lungs.
He gasped. His body spasmed. Aden wrapped her arms around him and held him, sharing his pain. He eventually quieted.
She could feel him breathing. He was still alive. And so was she. But pain still flowed through her. She knew where it was coming from.
She turned her head and saw Duval. His body jerked and spasmed where he lay on the riverbank. She could see the mercury-laden shot burning in his body. The organism fought against it, creating masses of protein foam, trying to wash the intruders away. She couldn’t stand his suffering.
Aden pulled herself up and crawled to him. She fought against the barrier of pain around him and collapsed at his side. She focused on the tiny pieces of metal embedded in his body.
Aden gouged them out with her fingernails, ignoring the burn as her fingertips made contact with the mercury. The organism within her complained but she ignored it. She didn’t stop until she was certain his body was clean.
She pushed him into the river and let the cold water carry the poison away. It carried the filth as well. He shivered and groaned. She pulled him back up onto the gravel bar.
Aden focused on her surroundings. Darkness was no barrier to her sensitive eyes. The shriveled remains of a deer lay nearby. That wasn’t going to help them. They needed food. 
Huntress stirred within her. She sent her senses outward, searching for anything that could nourish them. She felt the bear. He was a ways downstream, fishing. He was old, past his prime. The predator within pulled her toward her prey.
The bear never had a chance to fight back. Her own hunger drove her forward after she was close enough to see him. The bear could smell her coming. He made his final mistake and stood up on his back paws.
Huntress rushed forward and went straight for his neck. She remembered this taste. The sweet tang of the bear’s blood went easily down her throat. She drank enough to kill the bear. The organism within her responded quickly. It rebuilt the last of the damaged cells and reinforced her muscles. Aden hoisted the bear’s body onto her shoulders and returned to Michael and Duval.
She spent the next few hours feeding them, alternating between them. And some point in the night, the moon broke through the branches and cast an eerie light on the river. She tensed. It was as if Sam sat across the water, watching her. She sobbed and hid her face in the fury carcass. When she looked up again, the phantom was gone.
There wasn’t much left of the bear by the time all were sated. She pushed the remains into the water and watched the current grab it and whirl it downstream. Her body was covered in blood and gore. She washed it off and waded out of the cold water.
Aden stumbled up the bank and collapsed next to Michael. His body began to tremble. She pulled him into her arms. Pain flared outward. Duval spasmed and reverberated more pain. It was too much. She gave into the darkness.
Aden gasped. The pain had finally released her. Michael was beside her, resting quietly. She felt the regular rise and fall of his ribs. She put her head on his chest and listened to his heartbeat. It was strong. She relaxed and curled up next to him. She gave in to exhaustion and slept. 
The morning songs of birds finally woke her. She could feel Michael. He was still unconscious but no longer in pain. Aden looked toward the river.
Duval opened his eyes and focused on her. “My Goddess. You saved me.”
What was she going to do about Duval? Her father had spent his life believing in order. He’d taught her that the law was the only way. But the legal system wasn’t set up to handle a case like this. And if she exposed the truth about the virus in Duval, what would that mean for her and Michael? They were already serving a sentence - eternal imprisonment with no chance of parole.
Duval struggled to sit up. He looked at Michael. “He is like us.”
Aden closed her eyes. Michael wasn’t like them at all. He didn’t want to bite everyone he saw. She and Duval were Beasts, not him. She buried her face in his shoulder and wept.
Michael stirred and put his arm around her. He rolled to that side and pulled her close. “Aden. It’s all right, Love. I’m here.”
She clung to him. “So am I.” She’d made that choice for him.
Duval shifted on the gravel and crawled toward them. He sat cross-legged at Michael’s feet. “And so am I.”
Michael tensed. His eyes flew open and he scuttled backwards up the rock wall to sit up. “Duval!” Michael looked over at Aden. She could feel his confusion and uncertainty. “He’s alive?”
Aden felt the different emotions flowing from Michael. His anger and hatred were so strong, they caused her to choke. Aden pulled away from him. He hated Duval because he was a Beast. But so was she.
Michael touched her. “Aden?”
Duval growled. “Maybe the Goddess doesn’t want you anymore. She saved me.”
Aden looked over at him. “Don’t make me regret that decision.” 
“Fine.” Duval got up and moved away from them.
“Why did you save him? After what he did to you?”
Aden swiveled and stared at Michael. Anger welled up and exploded. “Duval was trying to protect me from Daniel.”
“What?”
Aden buried her face in her hands. The memories of that final moment threatened to suffocate her. He’d never understand. “I couldn’t let him suffer.”
She felt Michael shift. He staggered to his feet. “We have to get back to town.”
Aden sighed. “I can’t go back. There’s no way to explain this to them.” 
“What do you mean?”
“Daniel shot me.” The memory of the pain still lingered. “He saw me fall. How would I explain this?” She looked down at her healed body. “No bullet holes, no broken bones. Just the fact I’m still alive! I shouldn’t be!” She’d chosen to live because of him.
Michael looked down at her. She could feel the waves of emotion rippling through him. “We can come up with something. We’ve come this far. We have to go back.”
“They would know I was a Beast.”
“You’re not a Beast.”
Aden couldn’t breathe. “Then what am I?”
“The virus was controlling you. You couldn’t do anything about it.”
“And how is Duval any different?” Aden struggled to her feet. 
Michael reached out and grabbed her arm. “We gave him the serum.”
“And he’s changed. Just like I did. He didn’t take Daniel in the forest. He could have.”
Michael let her go. “So now what? What are you going to do with him? Keep him as a pet?” Michael huffed and turned away from her. He stomped up the gravel bar and stopped. He crossed his arms and stared at the canyon wall. “And what about us?”
Aden closed her eyes. There were no easy answers. She was dead, or she should have been. Daniel had seen her die. Michael was alive. 
Aden walked toward the river and watched the current dance around the obstacles in its path. A leaf floated by, caught in the swirling whirl of foam and spray. She felt like that leaf, being dragged along on some mindless nightmare with no hope of escape.
Duval threw a rock into the river in front of her. She looked over at him. What was she going to do with him? “What would you do if I let you go? Would you go away and never return?”
Michael gasped. He came back down the shoreline toward them. “Aden? What are you saying? Look at what he’s done!”
Aden glanced over her shoulder. “Under the influence of the virus, as you so love to point out.” She turned her attention back to Duval. “Well?”
Duval slid off the boulder he’d been sitting on and strolled toward her. “If that is what you ask of me, my Goddess.”
Michael stopped next to her and stared at Duval. “Would you stop feeding on humans?”
Duval snorted. “Why? That’s our right as gods, to feed on the lesser.”
Michael’s anger flared. “We’re not gods. I’ve modified the virus. You don’t have to eat blood anymore.”
Duval raised an eyebrow. “And what did you consume? I watched her push what was left of it into the river. Something big and furry. You ate it. As did I.”
Michael advanced on him. “But it wasn’t human. We can eat real food just as easily. It doesn’t have to be blood or raw meat.”
Duval shrugged. He ignored Michael and looked at Aden. “But there’s nothing like the taste of hot human blood, with its sweet metallic tang.”
Aden tasted the saliva in her mouth. She wanted to gag. She turned away. She did want it. It was sweet.
She felt Duval come up behind her. “You can still taste it, can’t you?”
Michael moved so fast, it startled both Aden and Duval. He grabbed Duval’s arm, swung him around, and punched him in the face. Duval flew backwards and landed in a heap.
The pain rippled through Aden’s body, exciting her overworked nerves. She dropped to the ground and grabbed the side of her face. Michael staggered and came down on one knee next to her. The shared pain echoed through all of them as Duval’s jaw healed. He reached out and held her.
Aden looked at him. “Did you really need to do that?”
Michael ran his fingers along his own jaw. “Back to the school of hard knocks for me.”
She looked at Duval. He was curled into a ball. She could feel him crying. His emotions were a confused mixture. She could feel his loneliness and dejection. What must it be like to exist as a predator for so long? Her own few days had been more than enough. The memories haunted her.
Michael helped Aden to her feet but didn’t let her go. “Aden. He’s obviously still a danger. Take him back to town and toss him in jail. Let Portland PD figure it out.”
Aden pulled away so fast that both of them had to scramble to catch their balance. She stared at him. “What part of this have you missed? I can’t go back. I’m dead!”
She moved passed him and went to Duval. He was still sobbing. He looked up at her with tearful eyes. “Please don’t take me back to my master.”
“Who was your master?”
Duval cowered. “Jackal.” It was more of a whimper. He looked up at her pleadingly. “Please! I’ll do whatever you want. I’ll serve you. I don’t care if that one is your mate. I’ll grovel at his feet, too.” Duval put his face down in the gravel. His body shook with terror. “I disobeyed him. I’ve seen what he does to the rogues who disobey him.”
Aden was startled by Duval’s intense fear. She knelt down next to him. Her mind waged war with her emotions. She was confused. She couldn’t turn him over to the authorities. They would only make it worse. And there was something darker that he feared. She trembled. There had to be a way to help him.
Michael sighed. “All right. We take him back to the lab and hide him from Daniel. Clem and I can come up with some excuse for you. Maybe we can bandage you up or something.”
Aden got up and turned to face him. “Are you serious? Do you really think Daniel is that stupid? He knows the shot hit me. I saw it in his face. That should have been fatal. And the fall?” She closed her eyes trying to force the memory of the pain away.
Michael’s arms encircled her. “I don’t want to lose you. I love you, more than life itself. If you’re dead, than so am I.”
Aden clung to his arm. She thought of all the research that he’d done. He was needed. “No. There are others who will need what you’ve learned about this virus.” She backed away from him. “Think about what we found in the files.”
Michael stared at her. “I’m not leaving you. You either come back with me or I’m staying here with you. I can’t.” His voice broke. His emotions flooded outward and surrounded her.
Aden backed farther away from him. “We have to be logical about this. I have to be dead but you don’t. The shot didn’t hit you. You didn’t fall off a cliff to the rocks below and drown in a river. I did.”
Aden could feel his soul crumpling. It crushed her like a physical blow. Michael stumbled. His face went pale. He tried to say something but couldn’t. He turned away from her and started staggering down the side of the river. 
Duval reached up and touched her. “Let him go. He’s not like us. He doesn’t feel the call of the blood.”
Aden ignored Duval and followed Michael. He kept going until he ran into a wall of boulders. He stopped and leaned against one. She could feel his anguish. He wept.
Aden’s heart compressed. She came up to him and wrapped her arms around his waist. “Michael.”
His body shook in her embrace. His emotional waves washed over her. “I can’t exist without you.” She clung to his back, sharing his grief.
Aden became aware of Duval. He had followed them down the river. She could feel his nervousness. He came up quietly behind them and knelt next to the rock. “They are looking for us.” His harsh whisper was mixed with fear and dread. “We should flee.”
Aden reached out her senses. She felt Daniel and Joseph. They were somewhere above them and upstream. The scent came down on the air currents that followed the flowing water. 
Duval reached toward her. “You could come away with me. We could feed together. The world could be ours.” His soft voice was almost a purr. He leaned against the wet rock. “We could find a new hunting ground. There’s not much left here anyway. But there are other places, other cities where it’s much easier to find hot blood. I could hunt for you.”
Aden gasped. “What? Haven’t you been paying attention? We’re trying to help you. Trying to give you a chance to be free of the virus.”
Duval stood up. “But you have. You freed me from the imprisonment. There are no limits anymore. We are gods.” He held out his hand to her. “I know the blood calls to you. It always will. You can’t deny what you are.” His whisper rippled through her soul.
She closed her eyes and clung to Michael. She could feel his emotional turmoil. She could feel an anger rising in him and it terrified her.
He pushed away from the rock and dislodged her hold. He stared at Duval. “This is what you saved. This worthless piece of scum. He’s still a murderer. He hasn’t changed.”
Aden felt the icy claws strangling her. She reached out for Michael. “I had to. I couldn’t let him suffer. You don’t understand.”
Michael’s face hardened. His emotions exploded. He pushed her away. She could feel his anger win. “Maybe you’d be better off! Run away with Duval! There’s nothing stopping you.” His voice was quiet but cold. “There were no witnesses, no formal documents. Our union was blessed by an old man under the moon. Not exactly legal.” Michael stumbled forward and slumped against the hard stone. He didn’t meet her eyes. “You’re free.”
Aden trembled. “I’ve always been free.” She came to him and gently lifted his face. “Free to make my own choices.” She saw the pain in his features and felt the depth of his sorrow. She caressed his cheek. “And my own mistakes.” She reached to kiss him.
He turned away. Michael reeled back from the rock. Aden reached for him but he pushed her away again. “I have to go back.” He didn’t look at her. “Daniel will want answers.” He began to climb over the boulders.
She felted frozen in place. All she could do was watch him. Aden felt her soul ripping apart. She sank to her knees and buried her face in her hands and began to sob.
Duval came over to her and put his arms around her shoulders. “Come away with me and we will be gods together. He has released you. Take me as your mate. I will cherish you.”
Aden felt something snap inside. She exploded, pushing Duval away with such force that he was flung backwards into the rocks. “Stay away from me!” 
Duval growled. “I offer you what he can not! Yet you reject me. I will take what I need to rebuild my strength and you will see the truth. I am much stronger than him. I deserve to be your mate!”
He rushed past her. She could feel his intent. He was hunting! Daniel and Joseph were up there somewhere. She had to stop him! She bound up the river in the direction he’d gone. The feeling of Michael faded with the distance.
She caught up with Duval. Huntress roared and leapt on him. They fought until she made him regret that she’d saved him. He eventually dropped and begged for forgiveness. She was still the Huntress. 
Aden turned and walked away from him. The canyon had fallen into evening gloom. She stumbled up the side of the river, wishing for death.
She eventually came to a convergence with a sizable stream. It forced her to stop. She dropped to her knees on the bank and stared down at the shimmering surface. She expected to see a Beast staring back at her, but it was only her own reflection.
* - * - *
Part 8 - The Avenger
Michael stumbled through the forest, oblivious to where he was. He only knew he was getting farther from Aden with each step. He could feel his soul getting thinner and ripping apart. How could he go on without her?
He fell down into a ditch and felt the sharp pain of bones breaking and muscles tearing. He lay at the bottom suffering recovery. He didn’t really care if he lived or died anymore. He closed his eyes and wished he could die.
When he opened his eyes again the stars filled the sky with dazzling glitter. He pulled himself from the ditch and stumbled onto a road. He didn’t know where the road would take him. He just started walking. 
Michael was almost surprised to see the lights of Sweetvale. He got to the house and realized someone was there. He concentrated. It was Clem. Michael crawled up the steps and opened the door.
Clem jumped up from the dining room chair he’d been dozing in. “Michael! You’re alive! Holy Smokes! You look like hell.”
Michael closed the door and leaned against it. “That about sums it up.” He pushed off the door and staggered.
Clem caught him. “Man, you are shaking! You need some food.” He led Michael to the dining room and helped him sit in a chair. “I came prepared. There’s a microwave in the kitchen if you want it warm.”
Michael didn’t really want to eat. He covered his face with his hands and felt the grime. “I don’t even know how long I’ve been gone.”
“Two days or so. When Joseph told us what happened.” Clem choked up. He put a hand on Michael’s shoulder. “Where is Aden?”
Michael’s throat constricted. “She’s not coming back.” He clung to the back of the chair to keep from falling out of it.
Clem gasped. “But how?”
Something in Michael snapped. Anger burst through. He pushed out of the chair and whirled to face Clem. “Aden wants to be dead so let her be dead! I can’t change that! I can’t.” He grabbed the back of the chair and sobbed.
Clem backed away. “Doc?” 
Michael could hear the fear in his voice. He didn’t dare look up at Clem. “Go! I’m not safe to be around right now!”
Clem moved toward the door. “Your radio is there on the table. You never took it with you. Call if you need.” His voice was very quiet. He slipped out the door and shut it softly behind him.
Michael had never felt so alone. Clem had become one of the best friends he’d had in a long time. He started toward the stairs but collapsed on the bottom step. He curled against the wall and cried.
Michael felt as though his soul was being shredded. How could he possibly go on without her? Would Aden really leave with Duval? She was gone from Michael’s life again. This was the second time he’d lost her. He was afraid this time it would be permanent. His essence seemed to leak out through his eyes.
Time no longer had a meaning. His body remembered her touch. His senses remembered her smell and her unique aura. He could hear the sound of her voice echo in his mind. He found himself humming. “Can’t live without you - who would I be? An empty lost soul in misery. Don’t tell me it's over, I know our love's strong.” His throat burned. He stopped. It couldn’t be over. He wouldn’t walk away from her. His body trembled.
Somewhere in the back of his mind he felt a tingle. He knew that sensation. It was Aden! But how?
Michael followed the feeling. He rushed to the back of the house. She was close. He opened the back door and stepped onto the deck.
Aden was leaning against the outside wall, with her knees pulled up and her head buried in her crossed arms. He could smell her tears. She didn’t look up at him. He could feel her uncertainty.
Michael dropped to his knees next to her. He was afraid to touch her. “Aden?”
A wave of anguish rolled over him. He sagged against the house. She turned her head slightly. “I’ve caused you more pain. That’s all I seem to be able to do.”
Michael leaned toward her. “You came back.”
Aden covered her face with her hands. “My threads will only stretch so far.” She sobbed.
Michael pulled her into his arms and held her close. “My soul to your soul.”
She reached out and clung to him. “I don’t know what I am.”
He pushed the matted hair away from her dirty face. “You are whatever I am. And whatever that is, we’ll find out together.”
Her body trembled in his arms. Her hunger was overwhelming. “I don’t want to live like this but I can’t die. I’ve tried.”
Her voice filled him with dread. What had she done to herself? What horrors had she suffered because of it? His own painful recovery from his fall was still fresh in his mind. Had she felt that, too? He could feel every muscle of her body spasm. He held her tighter. “You need to eat, Love. Come inside. Clem brought food.”
“No!” She tried to pull away but he refused to let her go. It reminded him of the night he’d forced her to bite him. She looked up at him. “No one else can know I’m alive. Not even Clem.”
Michael gasped. “Why?”
She touched his face. “Because that would endanger you. There’s no way to explain my survival. I saw his eyes.” She buried her face in his shoulder. “I felt it. Oh, Daniel. If you only knew the truth.” She wept.
Michael rocked her gently. “We could find a way to explain it.”
“Not without revealing the truth - that I’m infected with the virus. There would be too many questions asked. You know how Daniel feels about Duval. And if they ever found out about you.” Her voice choked.
Michael could feel her crashing. “No, Baby! Please breathe!” He lifted her chin and blew into her mouth. He could feel her lungs expand.
Aden gasped. She felt limp in his arms but her chest rose and fell on its own. Her head rolled on his shoulder. “That doesn’t work, anyway. I found out on my own. It doesn’t kill you. It just hurts like hell.” Her voice was very quiet.
Michael pulled her closer. “I don’t want to lose you.” His stomach tightened. They were both starving. “We need to eat.” He lifted her up and carried her inside. He sat down in a dining room chair with her in his lap and reached for the basket of food. He unwrapped one of the cold sandwiches.
Aden looked up at him. “You fed on blood and raw flesh.”
He grimaced. “To say nothing of fish. It certainly wasn’t sushi but it kept me going.” He broke off a piece of the sandwich and held it to her mouth. “But now we have this food to eat and you need it. I can feel it.”
She accepted the morsel. He watched her swallow. Aden pushed the sandwich toward him. “You need to eat, too.”
He did. Michael alternated between feeding her and taking bites until all of the sandwiches were gone. Their bodies stopped shaking.
Michael looked down at the tattered remains of their clothes and their dirt-covered bodies. “Let’s get a shower and then some sleep. It will be morning all too soon.”
Aden got off his lap and pulled a piece of her shirt away. The badge still clung to it. It had a tiny hole through it where a piece of shot had pierced the metal. She handed it to Michael. “Daniel needs this. It’s the proof he’ll need to accept that I’m dead.”
Michael felt his gut tighten. “I can’t.” He turned away from it.
Aden forced it into his hands. “You have to. He needs the proof. I know him. He won’t be able to pull himself back together without it.”
Michael didn’t want to touch it. He put it down on the table and pushed out of the chair. His feet felt numb and he stumbled. Aden caught him. Michael wrapped his arms around her. “I don’t know if I’m strong enough to do this alone.”
“You have to be. They need you. Duval is still out there and we have to find a way to get through to him. I don’t know how long he was infected. By the report in the files, it’s been awhile.”
Michael’s head sagged and rested on her shoulder. “The modifications to the serum didn’t help. I don’t understand. It worked on the samples in the lab.”
Aden’s fingers gently pulled his face up. “Life isn’t a lab. It’s far more complex. We’ll just have to keep trying. There must be a way.”
He could feel her weariness as well as his own. “Come with me.” He pulled her up the stairs.
Aden grinned slightly as he guided her into the bathroom. “A good hot shower wouldn’t do us any harm.”
Michael turned on the hot water. “Then let’s roll an old chariot. Shall we?” They pulled off the remnants of cloth. He pulled her into the tub and under the spray of water.
Michael did his best to wash everything out of her hair. He lathered the dry blood and untangled the clumps of bear fur. She took the shampoo and lathered his head. “Short hair has its advantages.”
He rinsed hers. It hung down her back to her waist. “I’ve always loved your long hair.” He took the soap and began washing her body. His touch unleashed something deep inside both of them. Their mutual need rose and he found himself inside her. Aden clung to him and wrapped her legs behind his.
Neither of them noticed when the water went cold. They were completely focused on each other. He waited until her wave peaked then let his own release. It was like being tumbled by a powerful ocean tide.
Aden clung to him for a long time. He eventually relaxed and she dropped to stand next to him. Michael turned off the water and guided her from the tub.
She pulled out towels for them. He wrapped one around her and found her lips with his. “You are the only one.”
She pulled him from the bathroom by his towel and into the bedroom. They curled into bed together. Aden rolled against his chest. “My heart to your heart.”
Michael kissed her deeply. “Always and forever.” He held her close. They drifted off to sleep.
Michael heard the radio but couldn’t remember where he’d left it. Aden rolled out of bed and disappeared. He heard her bare feet on the stairs. She returned a few moments later with the radio. “It was on the dining room table.” She sighed. “Mine is gone. I lost it in the river.”
The radio crackled again. It was Clem calling for Michael. Michael took the radio from Aden. “I’m here, Clem. What’s up?”
“I wanted to make sure it was safe to stop by.”
Michael looked over at Aden. She pulled clothes from drawers and got dressed. “I’ll go into the office.” She paused in the doorway. “Promise me you won’t tell anyone?”
Michael swallowed hard. “All right. I won’t tell.” Michael watched her disappear around the corner and heard the office door close. He keyed the radio. “Just come in, Clem. I’m getting dressed. I’ll be right down.” He grabbed for his clothes.
He felt Clem come in and hurried. Michael came down the stairs and found Clem leaning against the front door. He was looking down at the floor.
Michael sat on the bottom step to put on his shoes. He could feel Clem’s uncertainty. He still felt bad about yelling at him. “Clem, I’m sorry.”
Clem frowned. “That should have been my line, except with your name. I wasn’t thinking. Anger is a natural part of the process.” He finally looked up. “Everyone is having trouble right now. That’s why I came over.”
Michael’s hands froze. “Is it Cindy?”
Clem shook his head. “It’s Daniel. I’ve seen plenty of cases of post traumatic stress but I’ve never seen anything like this. Joseph was so relieved to hear that you’d returned.” His voice faltered. “I was afraid to say anything.”
Michael stood. He noticed the fabric bundle on the table. He reluctantly took it then put his hands on Clem’s shoulders. “Let’s go see to Daniel.”
Clem walked beside him down the street. He was struggling with something. He finally turned to Michael. “What about Duval? Joseph said he couldn’t tell if he was hit.”
Michael wasn’t sure what to say. Duval was still out there. “I don’t know. From where I was standing, it didn’t look like it. I think he lost his balance when she was blown into him and just went over.” His voice faded. He climbed the cafe steps.
Clem followed. He was still full of questions. “But what did you find?”
Michael felt the metal wrapped in the torn and bloody fabric. How could he lie to Clem? He clutched it tighter. “It was bad.” He could feel the distress of the people inside. He tensed. “But so is this.”
Michael and Clem hurried into the café. Daniel was curled over in a chair. His sobs were so desperate, he was causing his diaphragm to spasm. 
Cindy was trying to pull him upright. “Come on, Sweetie. You have to breathe.”
Clem jumped a chair and rushed to his side. He grabbed Daniel under the chin from behind and pulled him up. “None of that, Danny Boy. Your lungs aren’t happy with you.”
Michael went around the chair and knelt beside Daniel so he could look up into his pale face. He allowed his senses to expand. He could see the tightness of the individual alveoli. “Daniel, listen to me. You have to relax.” He put his hands on Daniel’s chest. He swallowed hard and concentrated. He could feel his own energy moving outward from his hands. He focused the energy toward Daniel’s struggling lungs. He could see the warmth spreading.
Cindy hugged Daniel. She buried her face in his neck. “Please. I love you. Don’t leave me.”
Michael watched the alveoli expand to hold more air. He concentrated on the slower areas. Oxygen began flowing through the blood. Color came back to Daniel’s face. The spasms slowly quieted. He looked up at Cindy. “Keep encouraging him.”
Cindy leaned closer to Daniel’s ear and began talking about the baby and how much this baby needed him. “I can’t do this without you.”
Daniel sighed.
Clem relaxed a little and loosened his hold on Daniel. “That’s it. Just breathe.”
Daniel opened his eyes and looked down at Michael. His face scrunched into a tight knot. “I killed her.” His voice was a harsh whisper. He closed his eyes again, forcing tears to cascade down his cheeks.
Michael kept his hand steady. He could feel the emotional pain trying the strangle him. “Daniel.” He didn’t know what to say.
Cindy looked at Michael. “Is she really?”
Michael was still over focused. He could see the tiny little girl struggling under the stress. He tried to control his own fear. He reached out and gently touched Cindy’s abdomen, feeling the little one. She seemed to relax at his touch. He could sense the connections between her soul, Cindy’s, and Daniel’s. He looked up at Cindy and remembered something Joseph had said to him. “We can only focus on what is. Right now, this baby is what is.” Michael glanced over at Clem, hoping he had gotten the message.
Clem looked at Cindy with concern. He let go of Daniel and moved to Cindy. “I realize it’s a little early to practice breathing but you can coach each other.”
Michael felt Daniel tense. Daniel looked over at Cindy. Michael felt his fear rising. “Daniel.” Daniel looked back at him. “Cindy and the baby are going to be okay.” He made sure Daniel was supporting his own weight and withdrew his hands.
Daniel put his arms around Cindy and held her. Michael stood and motioned for Clem to follow. They moved over to the counter and collapsed onto stools. Michael couldn’t tell which of them was shaking harder, him or Clem.
Maggie came in from the kitchen. “I think Annie is doing better.” She looked at Clem and gasped. She rushed forward and put her arms around Clem. He pulled her close and rested his head on hers. Michael felt his own heart pulling tight.
Joseph and Annie came through the service doors. Joseph saw him and left Annie’s side. He came to stand next to Michael. His face was worn. He put a hand on Michael’s arm. “Did you find any sign of her?” 
The whisper reverberated through his entire soul. He started to shake. He’d made a promise. Could he keep it? He pulled the cloth bundle from his coat pocket and handed it to Joseph.
Joseph slowly unwrapped it and turned the piece of metal over in his hand. His face fell. Michael was overwhelmed by the depth of the emotional waves. Joseph looked up at him. “Did you find a body?”
Michael’s jaw clenched. He struggled to find something that would make sense. 
Annie gasped. “Joe! What are you doing?” Michael heard her quiet footsteps approach. “Why are you putting him through this?”
“Because I have to.”
Michael looked up at him but Joseph was looking at Clem. He could feel Clem’s discomfort.
Joseph swallowed hard. “You are the local medical professional.”
Clem’s face crumpled. He turned back to Maggie and sobbed on her shoulder. She held him. Clem managed to get himself under control. He looked at Michael.
Michael knew what Clem was asking. How could he lie to Clem? He closed his eyes.
Joseph put a hand on each of their shoulders. “I’m sorry. It’s more of a formality because you went looking for her. Dan and I both saw the shot hit her. That cliff she went over - it’s more than eighty feet down to the river from there.”
Michael could feel Clem tremble. “The shot? As in Daniel’s little invention?”
All Michael could do was nod.
Clem’s knees buckled. Michael reached out and grabbed him. Clem leaned on him. Michael pulled him into an embrace. This wasn’t fair to anyone, especially Clem. He’d helped Michael clean up the morgue too many times and knew what was in the solution they used.
Clem managed to suck in some air. He straightened and Michael let him go. Clem looked at Joseph. “I’ll get the paperwork started.” He turned toward Daniel. “Hey, Danny Boy. You still toting a tin star?”
Daniel sighed. “Why do you ask?”
“Because the death certificate requires the local Sheriff’s signature.”
Michael felt his insides turn. He couldn’t face them anymore. He pushed away from the counter. He went outside and started walking up the street toward the house. Tears blurred his vision. He didn’t need to see. He could feel the air currents rising off the warming blacktop.
He was vaguely aware of the grumble of a distant car engine coming into town. He didn’t care anymore. He reached out his senses, hoping to touch hers.
The jolt of contact startled him. But it wasn’t Aden! Michael froze. It was Duval! Michael pivoted in the street trying to determine where he was. He felt Aden then. She was moving behind the buildings away from the café. Michael turned and looked back the way he’d come.
A car was just pulling into the lot next to the café. He caught the flash of movement by the fire station. Duval was there. And he was hungry! Michael started running.
* * *

Aden had been shadowing Michael as he left the café. She’d watched everything from the safety of the window. She felt dead. She’d been so focused on Michael that Duval had somehow moved right by her. It irritated her.
Aden came around the back corner of the fire station and saw Duval crouched in the shadows. He turned to look at her with a broad grin on his face. Then he sprang out of the shadows toward the café.
Aden skidded to a stop at the edge of the building. There was no way she could get him now without being seen. She could feel Michael running toward them.
Everyone had come out of the café to see who had arrived. The car door opened and Ben stepped out. Duval leapt for him.
Michael caught him in mid-flight, looping his arm around Duval’s neck. The momentum carried them away from the startled preacher.
They rolled together in the gravel right up to the edge of the porch. Duval managed to get his hand under Michael’s chin and forced his head into one of the posts. The smack echoed across the distance. Ripples of pained radiated outward. Duval staggered back. Aden gasped and fell to her knees, her own head ringing with shared pain. She’d been concentrating on him too hard.
She looked up in time to see Daniel bring up his rifle. The shot rang out and Duval lurched. He screamed. 
Aden and Michael shared his collective agony. Aden gripped the rough bricks so hard her fingers bled.
Duval dug his fingers into his side and ripped out a chunk of flesh. He threw it on the ground and stumbled away toward the creek bed.
Aden clung to the wall. She was terrified. She could feel the pain of Michael’s injury.
Clem jumped off the porch and fell to his knees next to Michael. He did what he could to mask the worst of the damage from the others. She could hear his quiet whispers as he helped Michael through the recovery shock. Her own nerves struggled against the ripples.
Maggie called to him from where she crouched next to Ben. “I think he’s okay.”
Clem helped Michael sit up so he could lean against the post. “You got one hard head there, Doc.” He’d said it loud enough for everyone to hear. 
Clem turned and looked at the mass that had been part of Duval. His face went pale and he leaned forward.
Michael caught him. “Whoa there, Army. Where are you headed?”
Even across the distance, Aden could feel Clem trembling. He was focused on the bubbling mass. “Oh, Aden.” He broke into sobs.
Daniel came down off the porch. Aden could tell he still wasn’t fully recovered. He looked even paler in the bright sunlight. He looked down at Michael and Clem. “Would someone like to fill me in?”
Aden could feel the waves of anger. She didn’t know what to do.
“That was the Beast! Why the hell is that thing still walking around? I shot it!” Daniel seemed to crumple.
Clem managed to catch him. He carefully guided him to sit on the porch next to the post Michael was leaning against.
Daniel leaned forward and put his head in his hands. “I shot that thing when I shot Aden. Why is it alive when she’s dead?” He sobbed.
Michael reached out a hand and put it on Daniel’s arm. “I’m going to find a way to change that. Believe me.”
Aden shuddered at the tone of Michael’s voice. She could feel his hatred of Duval. A commotion by the car distracted her.
Ben was staggering to his feet and pointing down at Maggie. “This is what you get for your disobedience! You should have come back with Jimmy and Ian. God has called down his judgment on you.”
Maggie stumbled to her feet. Clem patted Michael on the shoulder and got up. He came up behind Maggie and put his arms around her waist. Aden could hear his words of comfort.
Ben scowled at him. “Get away from my daughter, you ungodly sinner!” He pointed at the car. “Maggie, get in. We are not staying in this purgatory where the Beast runs free!”
Aden could see both Maggie and Clem trembling. Maggie leaned back into Clem. She stared at Ben. “I am not your daughter. My father was Douglas Mitchell.”
 Clem held her tighter and leaned toward her ear. “I’ll keep you safe. I’m not going to let anything hurt you.”
Ben scowled and reached out to grab her arm.
Daniel pushed off the porch. “That’s enough!”
Ben retreated and stared at him. Aden felt fear rise within the preacher.
Daniel put his hands on his hips and faced Ben. “I’m the sheriff now. The safety of the residents of Sweetvale is my responsibility. Maggie is an adult and has the right to make her own decision, even if you - or God - don’t like it.”
Aden smiled. Daniel was a lot like her father. Her heart contracted. She’d never have the chance to say that to either of them now. The emotion overwhelmed her.
She felt Michael’s concern. She was afraid to look at him. 
Everyone was watching Ben. He was leaning on the hood of his car. Annie came over to him. “You’re in no shape to drive. Why don’t you let me help you to a cabin? You can lay down and rest.”
Ben nodded.
Aden looked around at the others. They were beginning to calm. They were safe. She finally looked at Michael. Their eyes met.
Aden could feel Michael’s energy touch her. She pointed in the direction Duval had gone. Michael nodded slightly and covered it by looking up as Clem returned to his side.
She backed into the shadows and retreated down the narrow alley between the fire station and the garage. She pushed through the brush and almost tumbled down into the creek bed. She trembled. She could still feel Michael. He didn’t need any more pain from her.
Aden sighed deeply and paid attention to the steep bush-covered ravine. She easily found Duval’s trail at the bottom. The spatters of blood and white pus marked a trail that even a novice could have followed.
Aden began to jog along the creek bed. Huntress begged for release. She found herself running. She was able to navigate the rocky water track without thought. She let go. The relief was intense. Every muscle of her body sang. The tears blinded her but her overextended senses didn’t require vision.
She felt the first wave of pain and stumbled. She collided with the side of the ravine and gasped. Duval was still in agony! She could feel his suffering. Aden crawled up the side of the ravine and struggled through a scabland of tree stumps that poked through brush. She shuddered. The stumps rose like forgotten grave markers in an abandoned cemetery.
Aden staggered over the last small mound of dirt that separated her from Duval. The pain was unbearable as was his hunger. His body needed to feed the virus that was trying to put it back together. She understood that drive.
Duval had curled up under a tilting stump. He was panting. He looked up at her. “Have you had a change of heart, my Goddess, and come to aid me in my hour of need?”
Aden churned with indecision. She hadn’t been able to kill him by the river. Could she do it now? “Will you die?”
Duval laughed harshly. “Die? We are gods! We don’t die.” He groaned. “We only suffer.”
“There are no gods. You are who you are.” 
Duval’s lips curled. “But you’re wrong. We are gods, just like the others. They made me their slave. But you freed me.” 
Aden shuddered. This was her responsibility. She had let him live. She accepted the pain and moved closer.
She could see his side where Daniel had shot him. He’d dug away the rest of the contaminated flesh with his fingers. “You’re not healing.”
He closed his eyes. “But I will. I always do.”
Aden heard the sadness in his tone. She remembered their war along the river. He was right. Dying seemed impossible while the virus existed in their bodies. She crouched as close as she could manage. The waves of pain rippled through her. “Will you change if I help you?”
He looked at her. “Change? Into what? What else would I be but what I am?”
“You’ve been given the serum. You have the ability to choose. You don’t have to feed on blood anymore.”
He leaned toward her. “Tell me you don’t crave that sweet nectar. It is the drink of gods. It is our right to feed off of the lesser beings.”
Aden felt uncomfortable. It reminded her of something Michael had said after he’d eaten the goat. “Do you really see yourself as something greater?”
Duval pushed himself upright on his arms. “I am a god! Do you truly not understand the gift I’ve given you? We are evolved as we were created to be.”
“I don’t follow you. Who told you that you were supposed to be a god?”
Duval hissed. “I was created to serve my master, the Jackal. I was forced to do his bidding. He is a god. We all knew the truth. We groveled at his feet.”
Aden’s chest tightened. The files. David had uncovered the truth but did he understand what he’d found? “Did your master send you here to Sweetvale?”
Duval drooped a little. She could feel a deep sense of loss. “I was denied. It wasn’t fair. Others were raised but not me.” He whimpered. “So I left.”
Aden thought about her own choice to remain dead. She had to protect Michael from discovery. Didn’t he understand what they would do to him if they found out? Look what they had done to Duval. She had helped them. Sorrow filled her. “I’m sorry.”
He looked up at her with teary eyes. “Will you not be my Goddess? Will you not feed me as you did before?”
Aden swallowed hard. His suffering was so powerful. A distant memory slipped from her mental box. It had been a dark rainy night when she and her father had come across a dog that had been hit by a car. Aden had wanted to help it. Her father had tried to approach it but the dog snapped out to bite him. He’d had to shoot it to put it out of its misery. What could she really do for Duval? He didn’t want to change. “I can’t.” She started to back away.
Duval growled and leapt toward her. He grabbed her leg and pulled her off balance. “If you will not bring me food, I will feed on you!”
Aden kicked him in the face with her other foot. She felt the shock in her own jaw and swallowed hard. “Trust me. You won’t like the taste.”
Duval rolled backwards and came up on all fours. “It would suffice until I can find something else.” He sprang forward, planting his fist in her chest.
The pain was like an old familiar friend. They’d fought before. Huntress growled and used the pain to fuel her anger. She punched him in the side that was still not fully healed.
Duval howled. His agony backwashed over her. She staggered. Duval hissed at her. “You are no different than I! Yet you ask me to change? How then will you change?” He lunged for her, his teeth biting down on her arm.
Aden felt him pulling on her blood. She bashed her head into his. Duval was forced to let go. They both fell backwards. Aden felt her arm healing. She could see Duval’s side begin to mend. Wave of pain rebounded between as the virus heal them.
He grinned at her while licking her blood from his lips. “Bitter indeed but still nourishing. I want more!”
Aden was ready for his attack. She grabbed him and used his own momentum to fling him over her. But Duval hung on. They rolled together down a hill. Aden tried to keep his teeth away from her body. How long could this go on? Aden dreaded the answer. Huntress would have her revenge!
* * *

Michael stared at the bowl in front of him. The steam had stopped rising from the oatmeal some time ago. Clem came over and sat next to him. “You got the holding of the spoon down; now try for the actual eating process.”
Michael shook his head and put the spoon next to the bowl. He couldn’t feel her anymore. How far away was she? His stomach wanted to heave. “I can’t.”
Clem leaned close. “Michael. Duval whopped you good. We both know you need to eat.”
Daniel came up to Clem and handed him a piece of paper. Daniel’s hands were shaking. “Who signed my dad’s? Did she?”
Clem’s face went pale. “And Emma’s, too.” His voice was soft.
Michael closed his eyes, not wanting to remember. All he had been able to do was hold her. And now she faced Duval alone.
Daniel’s hand touched his. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to shoot her. Honest.” His voice broke.
The contact was too much for him. His body spasmed. Hands grabbed him. First Daniel’s and then Clem’s.
Clem was behind him, holding up him head to keep his airway open. “Come on, Buddy. Hang on. Damn! I wished I knew what caused that!”
He felt Maggie rush to Clem’s side. “What’s going on?”
“He’s having a seizure.” Clem’s voice was strained.
Maggie’s hand felt his wrist. “Does he have a history of epilepsy?”
“Not that I know of. Duval keeps smacking his head. That seems to be the common denominator.”
Michael’s body finally relaxed in Clem’s arms. His clinical perspective kicked in. He knew it wasn’t the head strike that caused it. The virus had taken care of that quickly enough.
Clem massaged Michael’s neck. “Doc? Can you hear me?”
Michael could feel the others gathered around him. He managed to swallow.
Clem sighed deeply. “That’s actually an improvement. We didn’t have to do CPR on him this time.”
Daniel still had a hold of his hand. “Does that mean he’s getting better?”
Michael felt Joseph take his other hand. “Just breathe, Michael. We’re here. You don’t have to be afraid.”
Michael sought the calm space in his mind. He forced his muscles to obey him. He squeezed his hands and leaned back into Clem. He listened to the air moving through his system. He had to deal with this. He opened his eyes.
Joseph smiled gently at him. “Welcome back.”
Michael felt Daniel’s anger rising. “I’m tired of that Beast causing all this trouble. It’s time to take it down. Something has changed. Maybe he’s consumed enough souls or he’s getting desperate. I don’t know which. But he was out in broad daylight! We gotta go after that thing, Joe!”
Michael felt his body begin to tremble. Aden was tracking Duval! What if Daniel shot her again? His throat constricted. A tightness formed in his head.
Clem’s fingers changed their position. “What’s going on, Doc?”
Daniel gasped. “His eyes just did something weird.”
Maggie touched his face. “He’s going into respiratory failure.”
“Come on, Buddy. Don’t do this.” He repositioned Michael’s neck. “We may have to move him to the floor.”
Michael heard Cindy crying in the background. He could feel the stress on her baby. He couldn’t be the cause of that! He had to get this under control. He thought back to his classes and dug through his memories. He’d aced neurology. It had been one of his best subjects.
Slowly he began feeling along the synapses in his brain. Somewhere there had to be one that wasn’t functioning correctly. He felt along the neural net pathways, tracing the impulses traveling between the layers of each hemisphere. He found it! It was in the hippocampus. There was an unusual amount of activity there. He went down to the cellular level. He tried to reach the irregular tissue.
Michael’s body arched. He heard Clem, from what seemed a great distance, calling directions to the others. He felt his position change. Clem was breathing for him and Daniel was compressing his chest. This was the portion of brain responsible for those functions! He’d found the problem.
Michael moved deeper, down to a molecular level. He found the virus! These cells were packed with mitochondria. This must have something to do with his body’s new unique functions. This must be the regulation center. This is what he’d missed!
Michael felt the electrical jolt. He realized his heart was in defibrillation. Was something in this new bundle malfunctioning? How could he tell? No one had ever studied the working brain at this level before, especially not with an altered system.
He felt the jolt again. He had to find a way to correct the problem. He quickly scanned the entire mass, attempting to determine how it functioned. He followed nerves to their systems. The next shock caught him off guard. He saw it!
The mass was preventing the signal from getting through. Michael poked at that junction. His heart responded and began to beat rapidly. That wasn’t right. He tried again. He knew how his heart should function. He carefully nudged the cells in just the right spot. His heart slowed to a normal pattern.
The diaphragm was a little bit more of a challenge but he found that, too. He made sure all the systems were functioning properly then slowly began to pull back from sensory overload.
He could feel the others around him again. Clem’s trembling fingers supported his chin and stood guard over his jugular. Daniel’s hand rested lightly on his chest. He could feel the sticky electrode pads of the AED. Michael felt the pressure cuff on his arm release and heard Maggie’s voice. “He’s almost back to normal.”
Clem sighed and leaned over him. “Michael. Where are you?” His soft voice blew across Michael’s face.
Michael expanded his lungs and opened his eyes. Clem was looking down at him from only inches away. Michael pulled in more air. “Hey, Army. What did I miss?”
He couldn’t tell if Clem was laughing or crying. “And it ain’t even raining or pouring. The next time you bump your head, I’m going to watch you a lot closer.”
“Just don’t wrap it in brown paper.”
Clem swallowed hard. “I think that was a different rhyme about some kids and a bucket.”
Joseph knelt beside Maggie. “Clem, do you want me to bring the wheeled stretcher in?”
Michael tried to sit up but Clem held him down. “No you don’t. You’re staying horizontal a little while longer.” He patted Michael’s shoulder. “But I think I’ll let you stay in town for now. Maybe I should give you a ride home.”
Michael laughed weakly. “I can walk.”
Daniel chuckled. “Listen to him. Almost dead for an hour and he wants to get up and go dancing.”
Michael swallowed hard. “Was it really that long?”
“Close to it. I am going to swap this IV out and put a glucose on. If you’re not going to eat your oatmeal, I’ll have to shove the sugar down your veins.”
Michael could feel the catheter taped to his wrist. “I really did miss a lot.” He felt the others around the room. Cindy wasn’t there. That worried him. He extended his senses and found her. She was upstairs. He leaned toward Clem. “Maggie should go check on Cindy. I think I scared her.”
“That would make two of us.” Clem sat up and made a show of looking around the room. “Where did Cindy go off to?”
Daniel leaned back to stretch. “I think she went upstairs.”
Clem looked at Maggie. “My dear? I have this patient. Why don’t you check up on yours?”
She nodded and Joseph helped her to her feet. She grabbed her bag. “I’ll be back in awhile.”
Clem watched her go. He looked down at Michael. “You sure do keep life interesting.”
“You have no idea. I’ll tell you later.” Michael let his senses focus on his own head. He didn’t feel anymore tightness. He felt the change as the glucose added much-needed energy to his system. He really did need to eat.
Clem removed the electrode pads and did another exam. Annie brought something from the kitchen. Michael recognized the smell. “Ah, Annie’s goat soup.”
Clem grinned and draped the stethoscope around his neck. “Well, that’s an improvement. I think I’ll let you sit up and eat. I really don’t think the chunks would fit through the IV tubing.”
Michael finished off the bowl while Clem fussed over him. Maggie and Cindy came back down stairs. Michael was relieved to feel the little girl. She seemed to be doing better, too.
Michael glanced at his watch. It was after one. Had Aden come back yet? He hoped she was all right. He looked at Clem. “I really do need to get back to the lab.”
Clem looked down into the empty bowl. “I guess I’ll let you go with that but I’m going to baby sit you if I have to!”
Cindy laughed. “I’ll know who to call if I need a break.”
Clem’s cheeks flushed. He cleared his throat. “Do you want a ride? I still have the squad parked outside.”
Michael shook his head. “No. I can walk.”
Clem whistled. “Hey, Joe. Toss my keys here so I can put it away.”
Joseph grinned. “Don’t you trust me? I can get it parked if you’re sure you won’t need it.”
“Doc says he needs some exercise. I’m going to walk him home. I’ve got my radio on.”
Michael walked slowly, just to make Clem happy. Once they were far enough away from the café, Michael turned to him. “I found the problem.”
Clem’s eyebrow went up. “Which one?”
“I know why I kept crashing.”
“You put that in past tense. Is that optimism?”
“No. I think I fixed the problem.”
Clem frowned. “It’s my turn to ask. What did I miss?”
“How about internal brain surgery.”
Clem whistled. “Sounds impressive. What was the issue?”
Michael focused on the house. He didn’t feel her. She wasn’t there. He led the way up the front porch. “I don’t understand why exactly but there was a mass in my hippocampus that was interfering with certain functions.” He opened the front door. “I wonder if that’s the problem with Duval?”
Clem followed him into the basement. “You think that’s why the serum didn’t work?”
“Possibly. The cells in this mass are packed with mitochondria. That’s what houses the virus in the cells. The samples that I tested in the lab were standard T-cells. Those are the carriers in the body.”
Michael flipped on the lights. Clem walked into the lab. “So you think that the serum reacts differently on each kind of cell?”
Michael woke up the computer. “I’m not sure. I do know that there are important pathways to the frontal cortex that connect through the hippocampus. Duval’s attack on Ben this morning indicates that something didn’t work right.”
Clem perched on the stool. “I don’t know about all this fancy cellular stuff but I’m thinking Duval’s issues aren’t as complex as you think.”
Michael pulled up the files. He turned to Clem. “Why do you say that?”
“I hate to break this to you, but some animals don’t change. There was this dog I tried to save for Old Henry. The dog had gotten a taste for chicken eggs and Henry was torn. He loved the dog but he needed the money he got from the eggs. He was going to have to shoot it.”
Michael pulled some samples from the containment unit. “Sounds pretty harsh. So what did you do?”
“I took the dog in and worked with it for months. I tried everything. Tabasco sauce, the hottest peppers I could find, anything really nasty tasting that wouldn’t actually hurt the dog. I thought the dog was cured so I took it back to Henry. He was overjoyed.”
Michael placed a slide in the STEM and hit the air evacuation button. “Sounds like a happy ending to me.”
 Clem shook his head. “The next day Henry came in devastated. He’d had to shoot the dog.”
“Why?”
“Henry said it had gotten into the coup and eaten not just eggs, but several chickens. There is no changing some behaviors - they are set in the wiring.”
The STEM beeped. Michael turned to look at the slide. He gasped. “That can’t be.”
Clem leaned over to look. “That’s the virus. Isn’t it?”
Michael threw his pencil on the counter. “Ya, it is. And that’s the problem. The last time I looked at this slide, the cells were clean. I had recoded the DNA strand with the proper sequence.” He started pacing in the small space. He stopped and looked at Clem. “It’s in the wiring.”
“Ya. I couldn’t change the dog’s behavior.”
Michael came back to the monitor. “I changed the wiring in my own system. It was faulty for some reason. The mass in the hippocampus was interfering with my basic systems. That’s why I kept crashing.”
“But these are just T-cells. They don’t have any neurons to have wiring.”
Michael zoomed in as tight as the STEM would allow. “That’s the strongest magnification I can get. That’s the problem. I’m relying on dyed markers in the DNA strand. I can’t see the actual proteins. To the best of my knowledge, no one has the technology for that.” He pulled his notes over. “I’m still baffled as to how these people in the 1600’s figured it out.”
Clem frowned. “This is all way over my head.”
Michael looked at Clem. He wasn’t infected. His brain should be normal. “Sit down for a minute.”
Clem sat on the stool. “What are you planning to do?”
“A little purposeful sensory overload.”
“I don’t like the sound of that. It usually leaves you crashing.”
“I think I’ve fixed that.”
“And if you’re wrong?”
“Look, I’ll go slow. If I start to have issues, I’ll pull back. Happy?”
Clem frowned. “I’d be happier if you were in the squad where I could grab the AED. Do you know how many times that thing had to shock you?”
“At least three that I can remember.”
Clem stared at him. “You can remember that?”
Michael put his hands on Clem’s head. “If you feel strange at any point, you let me know.” He closed his eyes and focused on Clem’s system. He slowly worked down to the cellular level and found the hippocampus. He located the junction where the mass in his own brain had been. It wasn’t there in Clem’s. He braced himself and moved toward the molecular level. He found there were only a few mitochondria in the neurons. He observed the connections he’d studied in his own brain. He was beginning to feel fatigue. He slowly backed out of sensory overload.
Clem was watching him. “How are you doing?”
Michael grabbed the edge of the counter. “That was a trip.” He looked at his watch. “Only ten minutes.”
“It seemed a lot longer on my side.” Clem relaxed slightly. “So what did you learn?”
Michael grabbed the pencil and started sketching as much as he could remember. “Your neurons are structured differently from mine. Or maybe it’s the other way around.”
Clem sighed. “I always knew I should have my head examined.” He leaned back on the stool and rested his elbows on the counter. “How about we crack Duval’s head open and grab some of his for comparison?”
Michael stopped sketching. He looked at his watch again. It was almost three. Was Aden all right? He reached out his senses. Michael doubled over.
Clem jumped off the stool. “Damn! I knew I shouldn’t have let you do that!”
What could he say? “It’s not me. It’s Duval.” He realized that was half true. He was feeling both of them. They were both in severe pain somewhere nearby. He pulled his senses back and buffered himself from their pain.
“Do you think Daniel got him again?”
Michael didn’t know. He looked up at Clem. “He hit him this morning for sure. It could still be residual pain. I’ve got to go find out.”
Clem grabbed his arm. “If Danny Boy is out there with weapons hot, packing mercury poison to go, you shouldn’t be out there.”
Michael released the chamber of the STEM and waited for it to equalize. “I have to. I’ve got to know what’s going on. This could be important.” He was struggling not to say the wrong thing. He looked up at Clem. “Go back to the café. If everyone is there, keep them there. If not, figure out a way to get them back.”
The STEM beeped. Michael pulled the slide and dropped it back into containment. He flipped off the lights and they hurried up the stairs. He paused in the laundry room and turned to Clem. “I’m going to go out the back door. I can make better time if no one sees me.”
Clem put a hand on his shoulder. “Just be careful. We’ve lost Aden. I don’t want to lose you, too.”
Michael swallowed hard. His gut tightened. He could feel Clem’s sadness over her loss. He hated not being able to tell him the truth. “I’ll be careful.” He slipped out the back door.
He waited until he was standing on the ground below the back deck before slowly expanding his senses. The moment he felt them, he backed off. He could tell the general direction. Now if he could just get close enough without their pain taking him down, too!
* * *

Aden slid down the slope after Duval. She was nearing the point of complete exhaustion. She’d lost count of how many times both she and Duval had gone through recovery shock.
Duval lay at the bottom of the gully. He looked up at her as his body struggled to heal. “My Goddess. You are unlike any other of your kind.”
Aden kicked him. His pain barely registered on her system anymore. “My kind? What’s that supposed to mean?”
Duval moaned softly. “You are female. A goddess. There are very few that have ever been raised to that status. How can your mate think so highly of you yet throw you away?”
Huntress fed on the pain she’d both given and received. She pounced on him, grabbed his head, and smashed it into the ground. His pain reverberated through her skull but she let it. “I made my own choice!”
He panted. “Come run away with me. There’s not much left here to feed on. We’ll take what’s left for our recovery. I know where there are many more lowly creatures to satisfy our hunger.”
Aden punched him in the face. She reeled with the ripples. “I’ll never let you feed on another human again.”
Duval laughed weakly. “There’s nothing like the sweet tang of fresh blood and flesh. Anything else is just dirt. Can’t you feel the smooth trickle of it coursing down your throat?”
Aden fought against the memory. She remembered Emma’s papery thin skin under her teeth. Her mouth began to salivate. Hunger gnawed at her. She needed blood! She thought of Sam’s open arms reaching out to her. She turned and could almost see him walking through the evening gloom under the trees at the distant edge of the gully.
Duval touched her. “Yes. I can tell. You remember the taste. There’s nothing like its sweet metallic tang.”
She recoiled from his touch. Her stomach retched. She glanced back toward the forest but Sam’s ghost was gone. Aden thought her heart would break. She curled over.
Duval laughed even louder. “Yes, my Goddess! Forsake your foolish mate. Come run with me and we will own the world.”
Aden reached for Huntress. She rolled and kicked Duval hard in the balls. She didn’t care about the pain anymore. Maybe she could simply beat him to death and go out with him. It would be a fitting end. Her senses tingled. “No!”
Duval hissed. “Your mate comes looking for you. Make your choice then, Goddess. Run free with me or die with him.”
Aden dragged herself up on her arms. “I’d rather die with him any day than go anywhere with you!” She spun around and kicked Duval will all her remaining energy. The blow hit him in the face.
He howled. His agony rolled through her. His body was past the point. She could feel it. He roared and dove toward her. She knew his intent. He wanted her blood.
Aden didn’t have the energy to move. There was a blur of motion. Aden felt the collision as Michael slammed into Duval. Pain rippled through her body. She managed to curl into a ball. Fingers pulled at her. She tried to resist.
“Aden!” Michael’s insistent voice broke through. “Come on. Let me help you.”
Duval laughed weakly. “I haven’t left you much.”
“Shut up, Duval!” Anger flooded from Michael. He gave up trying to get her uncurled and pulled her into his arms. “Aden? Please, Baby. Please don’t leave me.”
Duval panted in the background. “What name will the gods bestow on me now that I am free of the imprisonment? Something grander I hope. Although Duval, if it’s said right, isn’t all that bad.”
“If you don’t stop babbling, I’m going to rearrange your jaw.” Michael rocked her body. “What have you done to her?”
Aden could fell his fear for her. She could also feel Duval slithering closer. She could feel his intent. Michael was in danger. Aden forced her eyes open. “Behind you.”
It was too late. She felt Duval spring. He landed on Michael, pushing him over. Aden was thrown clear. She couldn’t even move. All she could do was watch.
Michael struggled under Duval’s grasp. Duval grinned wickedly. “Why would she want such a weak mate as you? I am a better hunter.” He slashed his fingernails across Michael’s chest.
Michael gasped and pain rippled outward. Duval fell away. He was too weak. Aden felt herself falling toward the blackness. She saw Duval moving toward Michael again. She had to give Michael time to recover. She begged Huntress for help. Huntress reached out and grabbed Duval’s leg.
He turned and hissed at her. Aden could see the desperation. He needed to feed. Duval snarled. “Fine! You first!” He landed on top of her and sunk his teeth into her neck.
Aden didn’t even have the energy left to scream. She used what little remained to gouge her fingers into his face. But it wasn’t enough.
Duval pulled deeply. He was sucking her dry. She could feel his strength growing as hers diminished. Would she truly die? Huntress whined. They must not die.
Aden felt Michael rip Duval away from her body. She managed to open her eyes. Michael slammed Duval into a rock but Duval punched out and twisted away.
He laughed at Michael. “You’re too late! Her blood is mine now. I am restored. Come! Let’s play!”
Michael ignored him. He ran back to Aden and dropped to his knees beside her. “Aden!” She felt his hands cover the open wound at her neck. It wasn’t healing. Michael pressed down, trying to stop the flow. “Hang on!”
Aden could barely focus on his words. Duval had taken so much blood from her that the virus was struggling to restore it. “You have to go after Duval. You have to stop him.” She felt herself drifting off. The blackness reached for her. There was death. She thought of the attempts she’d made the previous day, trying to kill her body and the virus it contained. Had Duval succeeded where she had failed? 
Michael wrapped her shoulder in his jacket. “I’ve got to get this bleeding stopped.”
“No. You should let me die.”
“What!” Michael pulled her into his arms. “How can you ask that of me? I could never do that. Aden, I love you, and I promise you, I will find a way.” He held her close and sobbed into her hair.
His neck was by her mouth. She could taste his blood. Huntress craved it, even though it was bitter. It was blood. The virus demanded it. Aden recoiled at the thought. There was no way she could do that again. She arched her back to pull away from him. The spasm grabbed her. How could there be so much pain?
It passed. She was still alive. Was there no end? She could feel Michael shaking. It had affected him, too. She pushed her voice to form words. “You should get as far from me as you can before this gets worse.”
He pushed himself into a sitting position and groaned. He sucked in air. “I’m not leaving you.” He rolled up his sleeve. “Take some of my blood.”
“No!” How could he ask that of her? He knew how she felt about that. She closed her eyes to force away the memory of biting him, the taste of his blood in her mouth. She salivated and it made her angry. “I’d rather die than bite you again.”
She felt his anger flare. “How do you think I kept you alive by the river? I couldn’t get you to eat. So I ate and fed you my blood.”
Aden’s empty stomach retched. She’d fed on him again? She truly was a Beast. She didn’t deserve to live. His fingers searched for her mouth. She struggled to pull away. “No! I won’t feed on you!”
“Fine!” He got up and stomped off.
Aden heaved as a new wave of anguish washed over her. She begged her body to shut down but it refused. Why couldn’t she die? She wanted to but Huntress held her. An intense pain ripped through her gut. She screamed. It felt as though her insides were being torn from her body. The pain only intensified. How long would it take her body to finally die? What if she couldn’t?
Something warm fell on the ground next to her. She could smell the blood. Some of it was Michael’s and some belonged to something else. She could hear Michael gasping. She’d been feeling his pain!
Aden forced her eyes to open. He was half laying over the body of a buck. Its antlers were red with blood. She could smell it. It was Michael’s! She didn’t have the strength to move.
Michael spasmed as his injuries healed. Aden cried out and curled back into a ball, sharing his pain of recovery. He managed to raise his head. “No.” He buried his face in his bent arm. “I’ve only made it worse.” He moaned and grabbed his stomach.
Aden could see the fresh blood on the remnants of his shirt. The deer had fought back. She pushed past the pain and reached for him. Only the tips of her fingers could touch him. The contact was intense.
They shared another wave of pain. Michael rolled off the dead deer toward her and pulled her into his arms. “You’re a much better hunter than I am.” He heaved her body toward the deer. “You’ve got to feed.” He grabbed the neck of the deer and ripped it open.
The smell of the fresh blood drove Huntress to a frenzy. Her body demanded it. There was no way to resist. Aden leaned into the carcass and sucked it down. She drained all the blood until not a drop remained. She lay across the flattened form panting as her body absorbed the nutrients and rebuilt her own blood supply. The wound at her shoulder healed. Recovery shock rippled outward and the shook together. The spasms finally passed and they lay panting.
Aden could feel Michael’s hunger. She ripped open the chest cavity and pulled out the heart. It was huge. She held it over his mouth and he drained it then ate it.
He pulled her close and they clung to each other as the shared waves of recovery washed over their bodies. Once the worst had passed, they ate the remainder of the deer.
Michael pulled her into his arms. “I could never leave you anymore than I could let you die.” He kissed her.
Had she really almost died? If she could die, then so could Duval. Her body trembled. They were both Beasts. They had to be stopped.
Michael found her ear. “Aden? Where is your mind? Your emotions are so dark.”
“You have to kill Duval.”
Michael gasped. He lifted his head and rested it on his hand so he could look down at her. “What? You were the one who was in favor of saving him.”
She closed her eyes. “I thought there was hope. I was wrong.” There was no hope for either of them. She couldn’t tell him that. “You have to do this.”
“Alone? I’m not strong enough to beat Duval.”
“You’re stronger than I am.” She watched the emotion’s play across Michael’s face. 
His fingers caressed her cheek. “I’m not strong at all. I never could have led the dogs to Emma’s body any more than I could have taken a bullet for Duval. But you did.” He closed his eyes. “You’ve always been stronger than me. I don’t think I can do this.”
Aden felt the tingle curl around her chest. “We’ve gotten this far because you never lost faith. You never gave up on me, even when I gave up on myself.”
He looked down at her. “Duval is too strong. I can’t take him alone.”
She swallowed hard. She couldn’t risk being seen. “You have more than strength. You have your knowledge.”
He leaned forward. His forehead came to rest on hers. “It may not be enough.” His eyes looked into hers. “I need you to help me.”
Aden tried to roll away but he held her. She grabbed his arms. “If they see me, it will endanger you. I can’t do that.”
He got up and pulled her to her feet. “Then we don’t let anyone see you.” Michael got a strange look on his face. She could feel the turmoil. He was fighting with something. “There has to be another way to stop him. I just have to find it.”
“How?”
Michael sighed. “I seem to recall we used to know this intrepid vampire hunter. It just so happens, I have all of his notes.”
Aden thought about what she had hidden on the laundry room shelf. Would that stop Duval? She swallowed hard. Would it kill her? But Michael was right. He was going to need her help. It was her responsibility. She had saved Duval by the river. She sighed. “All right. Let’s go see what we can find.”
Aden and Michael ran back to the house. It felt good to run beside him. They kept an easy pace, letting their bodies flow in time to the beat. There was no obstacle that could slow them down.
Aden paused when they got to the back yard. Michael turned and looked at her. “What is it?”
She let her senses feel the house. “I wanted to make sure we didn’t have company. Clem has this habit of checking up on you.”
Michael sighed. “He’s a good friend. It’s hard for me to lie to him.” His voice trailed off.
“I’m sorry. I know he wouldn’t betray us but it’s hard enough on him now with what he has to keep from Maggie. I don’t want to make it any harder.”
Michael led her up the back stairs and paused by the laundry room door. “I didn’t think about that.” He closed his eyes and kissed her. His nose wrinkled. “We smell like a dead deer. Can I interest you in a shower?”
Aden touched the torn fabric of his shirt that was now stiff with dried blood. “More pain that I’ve caused you.”
He pulled her close. “I’m the poor hunter. I made that bad decision to take the buck head on, not you. Don’t you dare take the blame for my stupidity.” She wanted to argue but he kissed her. She gave up and let him lead her into the house and upstairs to a shower.
When they were clean and dressed once more, they went down to the lab. Michael turned on the lights. She followed him into the packing room. Michael picked up a stack of papers. “I’ve been making notes whenever I find things that might be useful as I go through the notebook. I’ll start there and you can look through the book itself.”
Aden opened it and began paging through it. “Jack certainly had a strange collection of information.”
Michael drummed the counter with his pencil. “The problem has been sorting fact from fiction and figuring out if some of the information is complete.”
Aden turned a page. The next couple of pages were one line quotes from some collection of writings of a monk in the 1600’s. Aden read through them. She found a familiar passage. The demon bites its prey, pulling from it a ransom of life blood, and injecting its demonic spore within its new host, thus forcing out the withering soul. It was the passage that Daniel had found. It made sense to her now. The demonic spore was the virus.
Aden sighed and Michael looked up at her. “Did you find something?”
“Just a bunch of one liners. I found the one that Daniel laughed about. It’s no longer very funny.”
Michael shuffled his papers. “I vaguely remember that page. It was written by some monk named Habakkuk.”
Aden continued reading through them. Another one caught her attention. Feed not the newborn unclean blood or that will be its true desire for the rest of its existence. She thought of her craving for blood. “Michael? Have you run across any references to unclean blood?”
He looked up over a page. “A couple of times. I think it refers to regular human blood.” He turned a few pages of his notes. “Here it is. The unclean blood is that of the uninfected. According to this source, the vampire community considers their blood to be pure.”
Aden leaned against the counter. She thought back to her conversation with Duval. “Do you remember when I brought you that first goat?”
Michael put his papers down. “I remember.” His voice was quiet.
Aden dropped the notebook and went to him. “You weren’t bothered when you ate it because you told me it was natural. Something about evolution.”
Michael closed his eyes. She could feel his discomfort. Aden put her arms around him. “Duval said he’d been created to be something greater and you said you were evolving. But how did you know that?”
He looked at her. “I don’t know. I’m still not sure.” He pulled her close. “You keep saying you don’t know what you are. I don’t know what we are either.”
Aden looked up at him. “I know you think we’re the same because our blood looks the same under the microscope but there are some very serious differences. I’ve fed on human blood. I remember it. I can’t stop thinking about it. When I’m hungry and I’m around people, it’s torture. I want to bite them.” Aden swallowed hard. She was the newborn that had fed on unclean blood! So was Duval. She was much more like him. He had said they couldn’t die. “I don’t want to live the rest of eternity like this.” 
Michael’s face tightened. “We’ve only begun this battle. I’m not giving up. I will find a way.”
Aden pulled out of his arms. She leaned on the counter. She had asked him to kill Duval. Michael must know the truth. She was like Duval. If Duval had to die, then so did she. She was just as much a danger as Duval. And she was already dead to the rest of the world. What kind of life could she possibly have? “We have to do this.”
Michael came up behind her and trapped her at the bench. “What are you thinking? I can feel your emotions.”
Aden didn’t want to meet his gaze. She focused on the counter in front of her. A flattened cardboard box caught her attention. She picked it up. “What’s this?”
“You’re changing the subject.” He reached over and took it from her. He started to throw it aside then paused. “This is the super antibiotic that Clem gave me.”
Aden noticed the change in his voice. She turned to look at him. His brow was twisted in concentration. He was reading the label. His eyes grew wide. “Michael? What is it?”
He looked over the box at her. “I think I know why it took me so long to show signs of my infection. This compound had some serious antihistamines in it. They decreased the T-cell response. That’s why there were much fewer virions in my finger sample than at the infection site.” He walked across the room, tapping the box on his other hand.
Aden watched him thinking. She could almost see the process. If there was anyone who could solve this, it was Michael. She couldn’t endanger him. If anyone ever found out, who knew what they would do to him. Aden looked down at the notebook. There was one sure way to kill the virus. She knew it. It had to work. Not just for Duval, but for her.
* * *

Michael had been reluctant to leave the house. He was worried about Aden. She had been quiet all evening and restless all night long. She’d been dreaming something that disturbed her but claimed she couldn’t remember it. She’d finally convinced him to go get some breakfast.
He extended his senses as he neared the service station. The building was empty. His senses reached to the café. He felt the now familiar seven souls he’d come to easily recognize. He smiled to himself. Cindy’s little girl was a distinct spark among the brighter lights of the six adults.
Michael entered the café. Clem and Maggie were just rising from their chairs. Cindy was putting their plates into a bus bin. Daniel and Joseph were sitting at the counter. Michael could feel Annie in the kitchen.
Clem grinned at him. “Morning, Michael. I was just wondering if I’d have to bring a crowbar over to pry you out of bed.”
“Sorry, Clem. I’ve been up working in the lab. I just lost track of time.”
Annie came out of the kitchen. “I thought I heard you come in. Have a seat. I’ll have your breakfast for you in a jiffy.” She went back through the service doors.
Michael shook his head. “Does she ever slow down?”
Joseph chuckled. “Never.” The overtones in his voice were suggestive.
Clem laughed and patted Michael on the arm. “There are some things we should never ask.” He sighed. “How are things coming with your project? Is there anything I can do to help you?”
“I appreciate the offer. I’ll let you know if I think of something.”
Clem smiled at Maggie. “Are you sure you really want to hang out in the garage with me? It’s a lot cleaner in here.”
“I was curious about what you were working on the other day.”
Clem held out his arm to her. “Then by all means, come along.” He winked at Michael and escorted Maggie out the doors.
Michael sat down at the table they had left. Annie appeared moments later with a plate heaped with food. He looked up at her. “Annie. I’m the only one eating.”
She bit her lower lip. “I’m sorry. I’m just so used to,” She turned away and disappeared back into the kitchen.
Michael sighed. He could hear her quiet sobs. He didn’t know what to do or say. He stared at the plate. His stomach was hungry. It finally won. He picked up the fork.
He’d managed to eat about half of it when he felt someone else coming. Ben burst through the doors. His face was flushed. He looked like he’d dressed in a hurry. He stopped and leaned on the back of a chair. Michael could feel his emotional whirl. 
Annie and Cindy rushed from the kitchen. Annie gasped. “What happened?”
Ben looked at all of them. “I have had a visitation from an angel of the Lord. He has called me to do his bidding and I dare not refuse.”
Daniel slid off his stool and walked over to him. “And what exactly might that be?”
“The Almighty has called me to redeem this place. God has made me his holy avenger! He has charged me with the task of destroying the Beast that walks upon the earth and desecrates God’s children.”
“Huh. Didn’t know that was in your job description.”
Ben leaned toward Daniel. “I’ve had a vision.”
Daniel looked over at Joseph. “Is that legal?”
“It sounds a little far fetched coming out of a box.”
Ben shook his head. “I will restore happiness to Sweetvale.”
“Right.” Daniel reached into his pocket. “In that case you’ll need some of these.” His voice was flat.
Ben took the bag and opened it. He looked inside then began to reach in.
Daniel cleared his throat. “I wouldn’t touch those with bare fingers.”
Ben gasped. “Silver bullets!” He looked at Daniel. “God will save us. You’ll see!” He pulled the pouch closed and hurried out the door.
Michael remembered to breathe. What was Daniel thinking? Daniel went back to the stool and stared into his coffee cup. Cindy tried to comfort him.
Joseph came to the table and sat next to Michael. “Something is troubling you.”
Michael massaged his temples. “I don’t think we’ll ever find happiness.”
Joseph nodded. “Probably not, especially if you are simply searching for it.”
“Then how can you restore it if happiness can’t be found?”
Joseph picked up a roll of silverware. “Is there a spoon in this bundle?”
Michael was distracted by the unrelated question. “Probably. It looks like the right shape to have all the pieces in it.”
“Do I need to search for the spoon?”
“I don’t understand.”
Joseph grinned. “That’s because you aren’t paying attention.” Joseph unwrapped the bundle. “We don’t search for things if we know they are there but we do have to work for them. To find the spoon, I have to unwrap the napkin. Happiness can’t be found. It’s something you have to work for. We make our own happiness. But it’s like a snowman on a warm day. You have to pay attention and keep working on it or it will fade away. It takes conscious weaving.”
Michael sighed. “There is no joy in Mudville.” He looked over at Daniel. “Sheriff. Why don’t you come join us?”
Daniel frowned but got up and came to their table. “You can argue with me if you want to.”
Michael shook his head. “I’m not looking for an argument. Won’t you sit down?”
Daniel pulled out a chair and sat. “If Ben thinks he’s God’s secret weapon, I’m all for it. I want that Beast gone.”
Michael looked at both of them. “It wasn’t all that long ago that another man, not all that different from Ben, sat in this very room and professed that he was going to take down a vampire.” He focused on Daniel. “Or have you forgotten Jack?”
Daniel buried his face in his hands. “There isn’t a day that goes by that I don’t remember Jack.” He sighed deeply. “What have I done?” He looked up at Joseph. “Have I created another Jack?”
Joseph put a hand on Daniel’s shoulder. “We weren’t paying attention. We let Ben bury us with his sand. Box keepers are infamous for that. He threw his three most powerful sands at us - fear, guilt and shame.”
“And I took them, hook, line, and sinker.” Daniel crossed his arms on the table and rested his forehead on them. “I wish Aden were here.”
Michael gritted his teeth. He wished she was here, too. “Dan. You were right earlier. Duval has changed.”
Daniel looked up at him. “Why do I get the feeling you know something about this?”
“I tried.” His throat closed around his words. He forced air past the block. “I injected him with the serum. It didn’t work the way I’d expected it to.”
Joseph put his hand on Michael’s arm. “What happened?”
Michael closed his eyes. “It worked in the lab but the reality turned into a nightmare.”
Joseph sighed. “I shouldn’t have pushed you to make the attempt. I’m sorry.”
Daniel swallowed hard. “So what exactly are we dealing with now?”
Michael studied the food left on his plate. “A super strong criminally insane killer who’s no longer afraid of sunlight.”
Daniel gasped. “Ben doesn’t stand a chance. I just sent him into hell.” He stood up. “Joe, we’ve got to go find him and drag his sorry hide back here.” He turned to Michael. “What’s you’re next great plan?” Michael felt the anger that echoed in his words. 
Joseph put a hand on Daniel’s shoulder. “Don’t throw sand. Michael is trying. If you need to blame someone, blame me. I accept responsibility for it. I’m the one who pushed him to try the serum.”
Michael picked up the unrolled napkin. “Dan.” He looked up. “I’m no longer sure there’s a way to cure Duval. But there may be a way to stop him. Permanently.”
Daniel gasped. “I’m almost glad Aden isn’t here to hear you say that. What is it?”
Michael swallowed hard and stood up. “Holy water.”
* * *

Aden sat at the desk with the notebook in one hand and David’s notes in the other. She was looking at the last entry he’d ever made. They were the notes from his discussion with Father Gunther.
She was thinking about an old song from a record that Annie used to play when she and Cindy were little. She couldn’t remember the exact words anymore. Something about a time to be born and a time to die.
By David’s notes, he’d finally realized what he was dealing with. He’d known that the criminals weren’t drug lords but he was still struggling with the idea that vampires were real. Aden swallowed hard. She’d been there herself. And now she was one. At least by Father Gunther’s definition.
He believed the vampires were an abomination because they had found a way to break the cycle. They cheated death. They no longer had a time to die.
She found David’s note on the warning he’d been given. It echoed the warning of the monk. If a vampire feeds on human blood, they will always crave it. She understood that all too well. Michael would never understand. He’d never tasted the blood of a human.
Aden dropped the files on the desk. She’d read the entire notebook. The outlook was bleak. There was no hope for Duval. She knew it now for certain. And what of her? Aden closed her eyes. There was no hope for her either.
She was just as much a threat as Duval was. She was a danger to everyone around her. A lecture her father had given her long ago came back to her. She didn’t understand when she was little why criminals had to go to jail. There had been an old man who lived just down the street. He’d always been nice to the kids and given them candy as they walked to the café after school. But he’d killed someone and her father and Sam had to arrest him.
All the children had been upset. They had blamed Aden and Daniel because their fathers had taken away the old man. It was a lecture she’d never forget. No matter how harmless a person appeared, if they killed once, they were more likely to kill again. She had killed twice. Both of them had been innocent victims. She was no better than the old man. Or Duval.
Aden felt Michael coming toward the house. He was upset about something. She heard him come in. He paused only briefly before coming up the stairs. He stopped in the doorway of the office. “Aden? What’s wrong?”
She leaned back in the chair and closed her eyes. He could feel her as easily as she could feel him. Aden sighed and looked up at him. “You know this has to be done.”
He came into the room and glanced at the desk. He tapped on the legal pad. “What’s this?”
“The notes David made after talking to Father Gunther. They’re similar to what Jack had written.”
Michael leaned on the edge of the desk. “We have a problem.”
“What kind of problem?”
“Ben. He’s got this crazy idea in his head that God has sent him to destroy Duval.”
“What’s the other shoe?”
“Daniel wasn’t thinking. He sort of encouraged him. He gave him a sack of his specialty bullets.”
Aden gasped. “But they don’t work, at least not the way Daniel hoped they would. They won’t kill Duval. They’ll only make him even more unstable.”
“I know.” He scuffed his feet on the hardwood floor. “Aden. There is a way to stop Duval.” He looked up at her. “A very permanent way.”
She knew. She’d been thinking about the syringe since the day before. It was still where she’d left it. She didn’t want to say anything.
Michael stood and pulled her to her feet. She felt his sudden flash of anger. “I can’t tell exactly what you’re thinking but I can make an educated guess based on your emotions.”
Aden tried to pull away from him. “I’m just as much of a danger as Duval.”
“No! You’re not. You are not like him. You are not a mindless killer. You said yourself that Duval thinks he’s a god and deserves to feed on the lower humans.”
Aden escaped his grasp and turned toward the window. “Do you know how many times I’ve almost bitten someone?”
“Almost! But you haven’t. Aden. You made the choice not to bite them.”
She whirled to face him. “You don’t know what it’s like! You’ve never had the craving. You don’t smell the blood of the other people in the room!”
Michael started to reach for her. His radio crackled to life. “Doc? This is Rescue One. I could use a little help.”
Aden could hear the fear in Clem’s voice. She forced her senses to move outward. She gasped. “It’s Duval!”
Michael keyed the portable as he ran down the stairs. “Clem! Where are you?”
“The shop.”
“Hang on! I’m coming!”
Aden was right behind him. “I’ll go out the back. It will take me a few extra minutes to circle around.” 
Michael opened the front door and looked at her as she opened the back door. “I’ll be waiting for you.” He went out.
Aden had heard more than the words. She’d felt the meaning behind them. She glanced at the laundry room shelf then shut the back door, jumped over the back railing to the ground below, and started running.
* * *

Michael raced down the street toward the gas station. He could feel Duval’s presence grow stronger with every step. He heard the sound of ripping metal. It terrified him.
He came around the corner of the gas station in time to see Duval yank the last of the large garage door from the tracks. Duval roared and plunged into the interior. Michael didn’t hesitate. He followed through the same gap.
Duval was hissing. Clem had a thick metal mask on and he held an acetylene torch in his gloved hands. Maggie cowered behind him.
Michael slowed only enough to calculate the distance between the torch’s bright light and Duval. He bounded forward and grabbed Duval around the waist, pulling him away from Clem.
The momentum sent them sprawling into a collection of bins that contains parts of cars. Michael felt him squirm free as they landed. Duval rolled to his feet but now he was the one in the corner.
Michael came up in a crouch. He didn’t take his eyes off of Duval. “Clem! Get Maggie out of here!”
“What about you?”
“Don’t worry about me. Just go!”
Duval growled. “How dare you!”
Michael narrowed his eyes. “We have some unfinished business.”
Duval laughed and launched himself at Michael. He threw out both fists at once. He saw it coming and tried to turn. The blow impacted on his shoulders instead. Michael flew backwards and felt something go through his back and pierce his lung. Something protruded from his chest. He pulled forward and gasped.
The pain was beyond comprehension. He leaned harder. The movement caused him to fall from the metal rod that had pierced his body. He hit the floor and could see the pool of blood forming around him.
Duval screamed in agony. Michael didn’t have the air to make any sound. He could feel his body struggling to recover from the severe damage. Duval had crumpled to the ground across the bay from him. He clutched his chest as well. Touché.
Michael spasmed as the virus healed his body. He found air enough to groan. He could feel Aden. She was sharing his pain, too, but slowly getting closer. He saw movement at the corner of the big door.
Clem peered through the mangled opening. “Michael? What’s your stats?”
Michael rolled over and instantly regretted it. Duval howled for both of them. He pulled in enough air to put together words. “Is Maggie safe?”
“She’s with Cindy and Annie, holed up behind the shotgun. And she ain’t packing your standard lead, if you follow me.”
“Note taken. Don’t get shot by Annie.” Michael gasped as another spasm rippled through his body.
Duval was inching toward Michael. “I will feed on you as easily as I did on your mate.” His low menacing growl sent a shiver down Michael’s spine. Duval reached for him.
Michael rallied his strength. He found the hook on the chain of the engine hoist. As Duval sprang forward, Michael jammed the hook into Duval’s thigh. The pain washed over him and sent his over-sensitized nerves into a feedback loop. He cried out and grabbed his leg as Duval screamed.
The chain went taut and suspended him by the leg. Duval struggled to get free of the hook. Michael could tell by the pain that the hook had lodged around the long bone. He desperately tried to roll farther away from the source of the pain. He instinctively knew what Duval was going to do.
Michael heard the snap of the bone and the ripping flesh as the hook swung free. The pain rolled across him. He felt Clem’s arms as he grabbed him and dragged him away. The distance helped.
Clem hoisted him up and carried him the rest of the way out. “Hang on, Buddy. I’ve got you.”
He put him down in the gas station office. Clem’s hands pealed away the blood soaked fabric. “Holy Smokes! You’re still in one piece!”
Michael couldn’t feel anyone else around. He looked up at Clem. “That’s how it works. The virus rebuilds the damaged tissue. And it’s fast.” He felt Duval moving toward them. Michael grabbed Clem’s arm. “Not just for me!” He pulled out of the chair and faced Duval.
Duval was laughing. Michael could hear the hysteria in his tone. “Isn't it fun? But now, let’s eat. Or are you hoarding that one for yourself?”
“Stay behind me, Clem.” Michael could feel Aden but knew she wouldn’t approach. Not with Clem there. He was on his own. “There are plenty of other things to eat, Duval. You should widen your diet. Goat is quite tasty.”
Duval growled. “You’re as bad as her. But her blood was bitter. Yours doesn’t smell very sweet, either. But that one smells good.”
“This is your last warning, Duval.” Michael leaned forward slightly. He could feel Duval wavering. Aden was very close. Duval could certainly feel her, too.
He laughed again. “Why do you waste your time with these foolish mortals? We are gods now! Just like the others.”
Michael needed a way to stall for time. His body was still rebuilding damaged tissue. “The others?”
Duval smiled, showing his blood stained teeth. “I know a great deal about the other gods. I can remember it all. I was once a puppet to one of them but now, I’m free. Thanks to you. I am a god!” Duval started to move.
Michael pushed off and bowled Duval backward into the pavement by the gas pumps. He remembered Jack’s wish for a flame thrower. He saw the hose of the pump but couldn’t reach it.
Duval snapped at him. Michael pulled back. Duval snarled and flipped Michael over. He looked up and hissed. “Not you, too!” He stumbled backward, turned, and ran down the alleyway between the service station and the fire station.
Michael looked up. Aden stood on the roof of the office extension. She looked toward the café then turned and disappeared over the side of the building. Michael laid his head back against the cement of the raised pedestal the pumps sat on. He could no longer feel Duval.
Clem rushed out of the office and knelt beside Michael. “Doc? Can you hear me?”
Michael sighed and opened his eyes. “I’m here, Army.” He felt the others coming. “But we’re about to have company.” He looked down at his blood soaked clothes. “How am I going to explain this?”
Clem looked over toward the café. Footsteps were getting louder. Maggie gasped. Clem put up his hands. “It’s okay, Mags. It’s not his.”
“The Beast?”
Michael closed his eyes. Maybe he really was a beast. He felt Clem’s hand on his shoulder. He looked up at him. “I’ll live. Unfortunately, so will Duval. At least for the moment.”
Clem helped him to his feet. He leaned close. “I’m not sure I like the sound of that.”
Michael straightened his sore body. “Trust me. Duval won’t like it either.”
Maggie came closer. Michael could feel her apprehension. “Are you sure he’s okay?”
Clem chuckled. “Doc is a lot tougher than he looks.” 
She put her arms around Clem’s waist. “So are you.” She pulled his face around and kissed him. “I love you and I don’t want to lose you.”
Clem let go of Michael and pulled Maggie into his arms. He buried his face in her hair. “Oh, Mags. If anything would have happened to you.” He kissed her again.
Michael discretely backed away. He could feel the flow of emotions between them and didn’t want to intrude.
Maggie looked up at Clem. “I didn’t think I could ever love again. I’d been empty for so long.”
Clem cradled her face in his hands. “I’d been ghost walking until you woke me up. I love you, Maggie.” He kissed her. “I know life is really crazy right now but when all of this insanity is over, will you marry me?”
Maggie smiled through her tears. “I will gladly stand beside you, now, and through the rest of our days.” She leaned into him and their kiss was deep and passionate.
Michael swallowed hard. Their emotions were so strong he could feel them where he stood. He stumbled away. It was too much for him. He needed Aden.
* * *

Aden sat on the stairs to the second floor, waiting for him to return to the house. What if he didn’t? He was going to need to eat. Maybe Clem would take him to the café and get him some food.
She looked down at the notebook in her hands. She’d read the same page over again for the umpteenth time. The words hadn’t changed. She wondered what Jack had thought as he wrote them. The social rules for vampires. What a concept.
She felt Michael approaching the house. He was alone. When he hit the bottom step she jumped up and pulled open the door.
He wasn’t even startled. He’d felt her there. Michael fell into her arms and pushed the door closed with his foot. His lips found hers and his kiss was filled with emotion.
Aden finally broke the kiss. She looked down at his blood-stained clothes. “This is becoming a fashion statement for you.” She felt his newly-healed skin. The memory of the pain unbalanced her.
Michael caught her and pulled her close. “No, Love. Let it go. Don’t remember it. That’s the only way we’re going to keep our sanity.”
“There is no sanity left for me. I couldn’t even help you.” She sobbed. “I could feel your pain but Clem came back. I couldn’t.” She clung to him. What was the true cost of the decision she’d made? What of the one she was planning to make?
Michael released her. He was focused on something behind her. He reached down and picked up the notebook then looked at her. “What have you been reading?”
His tone warned her. She’d given something away. Aden couldn’t meet his eyes. She looked at the worn floor of the front hall. “It seems even the vampires long ago had rules about misfits like me.”
“Misfits? What do you mean?” She tried to walk away but he grabbed her arm. “Aden, you’re not a misfit.”
“I’m worse. By their definition, I’m an abomination. Or maybe you missed that page.”
 His emotions flared. “I read it but I think Jack pulled it out of context. Remember, he was focused on his ideas of what a vampire was.”
Aden looked up at him. “Not this piece. It’s pretty clear. I understand what the ceremony of redemption is. I’m sure you figured that part out or you wouldn’t have had me bite you.”
He didn’t waver. “That’s from a different source than the passage on abominations. You can’t mix them. They come from different eras. Times changed, even for vampires.”
Aden felt the panic rising. “Is that what we really are? Vampires?”
“That’s what the world calls those who’ve been infected with this virus but they put their own spins on our reality. Just like Jack did.”
Aden felt the tingle closing in around her lungs. “I don’t want to live like this. I already feel like a ghost. I couldn’t help you when you needed me. All I could do was feel your pain.”
Michael tried to embrace her but she backed away. The words she’d read tumbled around in her mind. “You’re hungry. I can feel it. You could easily drain me.”
Michael gasped. “No!” His anger washed over her. He shook the notebook. “Is that what you got out of this?”
Aden leaned on the banister. “My blood is bitter. Duval told me so. Just like it says in there. I crave sweet blood. I am an abomination. I should be destroyed. The ceremony of reclamation,”
“Is a relic of religious nonsense! I should burn this damned thing!” Michael threw the notebook across the room. “Don’t you see? The priests were trying to control the spread of the infection. That passage was written around 1350. Do you know what was going on around the world at that time? The Black Death! Do you know how many millions of people died?”
Aden backed away and fell to her knees. “I’m a danger to everyone around me.”
Michael pulled her back up. “Listen to me! It took me weeks to figure out the little I know about this virus and I’ve only scratched the surface. It’s huge and complex. But we have the technology to figure this out. I won’t give up. I mean that.”
Aden twisted away from him. “It wouldn’t matter if you burned Jack’s notebook. That wouldn’t change the reality of what I am and the danger I represent.” She went to pick it up.
Michael followed her. He grabbed it first and took it in two hands, ready to tear it apart. But he paused and looked at the page. He gasped. “There may be hope after all.”
Aden was surprised by his change of tone. She looked at the page he was staring at. “What is that? I couldn’t make any sense of it.”
“That’s because it’s in Greek symbols instead of English. It’s a hemoglobin molecule.”
“Blood?”
“Part of it.” Michael turned the book sideways and frowned. “I didn’t notice that before. There’s something missing.” He looked at her. “Jack didn’t understand what he was copying. He may have missed pieces of a very important part of this puzzle.”
“Which is?”
“Why the serum worked in the lab but not in Duval.” He looked at the page again. “I have to find the original book this came from.”
Aden tensed. She felt Clem and Maggie coming. She grabbed Michael’s arm. “We have company.”
Michael closed his eyes. He inhaled deeply and his knees wobbled. Aden caught him. He leaned on her. “Clem remembered.” She felt his hunger and could smell the food Clem was bringing.
Michael’s radio crackled as Clem called him. “Little Red was off today so we brought the basket of goodies instead.”
Michael looked at Aden then down at his clothes. “I need to get cleaned up.” He pointed toward the stairs. Michael keyed the radio. “I’m just changing. I’ll be down in a few.”
Clem acknowledged and signed off.
Michael stopped her at the top of the stairs. She could feel his indecision. “Don’t give up yet. I’ll find a way.” He kissed her.
Aden felt Clem and Maggie on the porch. She pulled away. “I’ll be in the office.”
He touched her face. “I’ll bring you something.”
Aden went into the office and shut the door. She leaned against it as Clem and Maggie entered the house. She could feel their energy intertwined. She closed her eyes.
She felt Michael pass and go down the stairs. She listened to their quiet conversations. It felt like she was eavesdropping.
Clem’s voice echoed up the stairwell. “Dan and Joe are back. They retrieved Ben. He’s no worse for the wear. Apparently Duval was too busy with us to notice him. Daniel was a little upset about that. Cindy told him everything.” He exaggerated the last word.
Michael was beginning to look better. “Thanks for these. I appreciate it.”
Maggie sighed. “Annie is hoping that you’ll come down and join us for dinner at the café. She’s got a big roast on the spit.”
Aden felt Michael’s hunger. It was still there. “I have some things I’m working on in the lab. I promised Daniel and Joseph a solution - literally.”
Clem gasped. “For Duval? What are they going to do, give him a bath?”
“That would be a whole new definition for baptism but I was actually thinking of something a little smaller.”
Aden could feel Clem’s fear. She must have missed something. Hopefully Michael would fill her in.
Clem and Maggie eventually left. She felt Michael coming up the stairs and opened the door. He grinned at her. “Want to finish a little lunch with me?”
She could smell the sandwiches. Her own stomach rumbled.
Michael chuckled. “I’ll take that as a yes.” He pulled a few out of the basket and handed them to her. “I really do need to finish up something in the lab. Are you going to be okay up here?”
Aden looked at the office. It was a mess. The files she’d been reading through were spread across the desk. “I have a little house keeping of my own to do.”
Michael kissed her. “You know where to find me.” He went back down the stairs.
She sighed and began pulling the files on the desk together. A stack threatened to slide off. Aden grabbed for them. As she came up, her head connected with the shelf. She heard something teetering and backed away quickly.
The box crashed to the floor and the ceramic pieces tinkled within. Aden scooped up the box and dropped into the chair. She was afraid to look. It was silly. They were already broken.
Aden opened the top of the box and peered down at the fragments. She found the piece with the handle. Miraculously, it was still attached. She started to laugh and then cried.
Eventually the tears stopped. She sat staring at the box, wondering what to do with the pieces. It didn’t seem right to just throw them away. She should bury them.
Her gut knotted. She hadn’t been to the graveyard since the funeral.
She went into the bathroom and washed her face. She grabbed the box then went down the stairs. She grabbed her denim jacket from the pegs and headed for the back door.
Michael came up from the basement and met her in the laundry room. “Are you okay?”
Aden looked down at the box in her hand. “There’s something I have to take care of.”
Michael cupped his hands around hers and the box. “I know how hard it is to let go of certain things.”
She could feel a deep sadness within him. She touched his face. “Michael?”
He looked up at her. “Do you remember that crazy green piece of pottery that Matty made for you? He claimed it was a flower pot but it leaked.”
“I remember. I got those fake flowers to put in it to make him feel better.”
Michael nodded. “I broke it one day.” He looked away. “I’d been drunk and tripped. I fell against the table that it was sitting on and it hit the floor.”
She could feel the tightness in his chest. “It was just a piece of pottery.”
He looked back at her. “It was all I really had to remind me of you.” His whisper echoed through her soul. “I carried the pieces around for a long time. I was pissed at Mary when I found out she’d thrown them away. She didn’t understand.”
Aden kissed him. “I’ve thrown away a lot of pieces in my lifetime.” She looked down at the box. “I need to bury these.”
Michael kissed her deeply then let her go. “Just be careful. I’m going to make Clem happy and go down to the café for some food. I’ll bring you something back.”
Aden forced a smile. “Oh, a doggie bag.”
He pulled her into his arms. She could feel the flood of emotions. She’d said the wrong thing. Michael was trying not to cry. “Stop thinking that way.” He kissed the side of her face and let her go. “I’ll be back soon.”
Aden left the house. She had to take the long way around. She didn’t want to risk being seen. She came up behind the cemetery and paused at the top of the hill. Someone else was there.
She pulled the box close and crept forward to see through the trees. She felt him even before she saw him. It was Daniel. He was by her parents’ plot, pounding something into the ground between their stones.
Aden moved a little closer, staying behind the larger old monuments. She got as close as she could.
He was kneeling in front of a simple white cross, smoothing out the grass around its base. Tears glistened on his cheeks. Aden felt her knees give way. She slid down the grainy side of the tombstone and rested her head against its cool surface.
Daniel touched the cross. “I love you.” His voice trembled. “I’m sorry, Aden. Please forgive me.” He bent forward and buried his face in his hands. His whole body shook.
Aden could feel his anguish. The waves of it rippled through her body. She so wanted to rush forward and hold him but she knew she couldn’t. She was dead to him. Her insides curled.
Daniel eventually straightened. He took something from around his neck and looked down at it in his hand. “I’ll never forget you. Cinders and I have already decided if the baby is a girl, we’re going to name her after you.” He kissed the object in his hand. “I still remember the day you gave this to me. It wasn’t a dumb gift. Honest.” He closed his hands around it, kissed the chain then hung it around the cross. “Thorns and all.”
Daniel picked up a mallet and scrambled to his feet. He paused a moment longer, then turned and walked down the green hillside, back toward Sweetvale.
Aden finally managed to convince her lungs to expand. She watched him disappear below the curve of the hill. “I forgive you, Daniel. I love you, too.”
A flock of geese flew south overhead. She watched them swap lead. She could feel the air pushed downward by the beat of their wings.
Aden brushed the tears away and used the stone to pull herself up. She slowly stumbled toward the plot and fell on her knees where Daniel had been not long before. His scent and warmth still lingered.
She opened the box and pulled out the piece with the handle. It worked well as a small trowel. She cut out a round of sod then made a hole deep enough for the pieces. She tipped the box over the hole and watched the pieces slide out. They clanked together one final time. She put the handle on top and shoved the dirt back over. It left an odd bulge. She tucked the sod tuft over the mound. Maybe no one would notice.
She looked up at the stone to the left of the white cross. The stone cutter had been here since the funeral and chiseled the date in the box. She traced the letters of her father’s name.
A picture had been added to the small metal and glass holder embedded near the top. He looked so different than the man she remembered. Her fingers hovered over the image for a moment. “I’m sorry, Daddy. I just couldn’t fill your shoes. Daniel will do just fine.”
She looked over at the other one. It was much harder for her. She had buried the memories of her mother deep in her mental box. The small photo was faded. It had been there almost eighteen years. Aden slowly reached over and touched it. She felt nothing. No anger. No sadness. “I’m sorry, Mama, for whatever tore your soul so bad that you had to drown it that way.”
She looked at the cross in the center. The evening sun glistened on the metal piece that dangled from the main post. Aden reached out and took it. She stared at the tiny silver rose with its twined wreath of thorns. She’d found it in one of the summer shops in Newport so long ago. She held it to her lips.
Aden started to put it back but hesitated. Who would know if she took it? She slipped the loose chain over her neck and tucked the pendant inside her shirt.
Aden looked up one last time at the two stones next to the simple white cross. She felt empty inside as if she should already be buried there. Between her parents. “I forgive you.” She put a hand on each stone and used them to push herself up.
She started back the way she had come but the sound of voices made her pause. They sounded upset. She felt outward but didn’t encounter Duval. She followed the sound and came up the narrow alley between the fire station and service station.
She peered around the corner. Ben was standing next to his car, shouting at Maggie. He raised his hand as if making a point in a sermon. “You can’t betray God! He has a different purpose for you.”
Maggie straightened her posture. “I love Clem. I don’t care anymore what you say or think.” She turned her back on him and went to Clem. He put an arm around her and drew her into the café. Ben slammed the door of his car and stomped back toward one of the cabins.
Aden sank back into the shadows. She felt like a ghost, watching the lives of others from some different dimension. She could hear the whisper of voices coming from the café. She peered around the corner and saw Cindy and Daniel emerge. They had their arms around each other. They stopped on the porch. Cindy turned to Daniel and touched his face. “Are you sure you’re okay?”
Daniel leaned forward and kissed her. “I’ll be fine. I just need to finish a few things up over at the office then I’ll be back.”
Cindy moved close and Daniel embraced her. Then he knelt down and put his face against her stomach. “Don’t you give your mama any grief while I’m gone.”
Cindy giggled and kissed the top of his head. Daniel turned his head up and kissed her back. Cindy and Daniel had finally healed now that she was gone. It was a good thing.
She felt Michael coming out the door and pulled back into the alleyway. He was deep in a conversation with Clem and Joseph. She could feel the tension. Clem was upset about something.
Daniel moved away from Cindy and joined them on the porch. He put a hand on Michael’s shoulder. “So it’s ready?”
Clem turned and walked away. Michael called to him but he didn’t answer.
Joseph caught Michael. Aden could feel his wave of anguish. What had happened?
Joseph helped Michael stand. “Give him time. He’ll understand. Some things just take time.”
Daniel frowned. “We’re out of time. We have no defenses left, not if the Beast can rip right into buildings. You’re right, Doc. This is the only way. Clem will come around.”
Joseph sighed. “Michael, I know this isn’t easy for you. Reality is hard and cold, like rock. But it’s solid. You have to stay on the wall. She’s gone and you’re still alive. You have to accept that. You have to be able to move forward. The Universe will lay down new weft for you.”
Michael’s grief rolled out from him like a giant wave that pushed Aden to her knees. Joseph was right. She was dead and Michael needed to be able to move on.
Daniel looked across the street at the office. “I want to get a couple more boxes of hot tips, just in case we get an unwelcome guest tonight.” He patted Michael on the arm. “I’d be much happier if you came down and stayed at the café. We’re putting Clem and Maggie upstairs, too. It would be easier to defend if everyone is all together.”
Annie came out with a basket in her hands. She handed it to Michael. “Here are those sandwiches you wanted.”
Michael took it. “Thank you.” He turned to Daniel. “I appreciate the offer but I’ve still have work to do.”
Daniel grabbed his arm. “Mike, let it go. It doesn’t matter anymore. The Beast has to be destroyed. There’s no way to save it. We don’t need any more serums.”
Michael didn’t say anything. She could feel his sadness. He pulled away from Daniel and stumbled down the café steps. 
Joseph rushed forward and caught him. “At least let me walk with you.”
“Joe.” Daniel followed them. “Come over and grab a rifle from the office. I don’t want to take any chances. We’ve lost too many already.” His words were heavy.
Aden pulled away quickly and moved down the alley, back toward the lengthening shadows of the forest. She had to reach the house before they did. She knew. Now was the time. Daniel was right. The Beast had to die.
Aden slipped through the back door into the laundry room. The small space felt like a coffin. Her mind went back to the last time she had felt that way. She turned and looked at the shelf above the washing machine. The syringe was still there.
She wasn’t afraid. She had already died. Daniel’s words rang in her mind. The Beast had to die. Both of them. She took the syringe off the shelf and looked at the silvery water it contained. How much would she need for Duval? How much for her?
Her senses tingled. It was Michael! He was coming back. She turned and slipped out the back door, ran across the deck, and jumped off next to the garage. 
Michael came out the back door. “Aden! Wait!”
She didn’t look back. She moved into the forest and began running. Her feet found the invisible path, just as they had always done when she was a child. She moved across a narrow ridge and down into Mule Creek.
Another presence intruded on her senses. At first she thought Michael might have caught up with her but it wasn’t him. Could it be Duval? She clutched the syringe. She was ready to do the honors.
She moved out of the creek bed and into a small opening created by a fallen tree. Aden paused and looked around. She was confused by the strange feelings bouncing through the trees.
The wind was blowing from the west. She couldn’t smell anything out of the ordinary. Whatever is was must be behind her. She turned slightly.
He caught her from behind. His hand closing over the hand that held the syringe. Aden tried to pull away and they ended up on the ground. She struggled, digging her empty hand into the soil, looking for any kind of defense.
“Aden! Stop it!”
She looked up into Michael’s face. His emotions were so strong they smothered her like a thick blanket. She couldn’t breathe. “Let me go!”
“Not until you tell me what you’re doing with this.” His hand tightened over hers.
“I’m doing what I have to do.”
Michael’s eyes narrowed. “I can feel you. I may not know exactly what you’re thinking, but I have a pretty good idea.”
She twisted free of his weight and made it to her feet but he wouldn’t relinquish his hold on her hand.
Michael turned with her and stood up in front of her. “I am not letting you go!”
“You have to.” The whisper was deafening.
He tightened his grip. “If we break this syringe in our hands, it’s going to be really bad. For both of us.”
She sobbed. “You don’t deserve to die. I do.”
“No! I don’t accept that.” He grabbed her with his other hand and pulled her close. His eyes burned with intensity. “Do you remember what you said when you came back? Your threads could only stretch so far.” His voice broke. “Do you think my threads are any different?”
Aden relaxed her grip and fell to her knees.
Michael pulled the syringe from her hand. “Do you really think that you can just do whatever you want? What about the others who need you? You can’t just expect the world to go only your way. You’re not thinking it through!”
A clump of hair dangled in her face. She shoved it away. The loam left behind on her cheek tingled. “I don’t want to live like this.”
Michael put the syringe down on a nearby log and dropped to his knees in front of her. His hands gently brushed the dirt away. “This isn’t about what we want. This is what we are and what we have to do. No more schemes or crazy plans. We’re in this together.”
She felt the frustration welling up. “But I can’t be! I’m dead!” She struggled to her feet and lost her balance. “What if others found out I was still alive. You’re better off without me.” She turned away from him. “I’m a Beast. I’m better off dead.”
She heard Michael get up. “There’s only one beast who’s better off dead.” His tone was cold. She watched him in her peripheral vision. He went to the log, picked up the syringe, and looked at it. “And his time has come.”
Aden couldn’t move. She was afraid to. She listened to his footsteps fade. The lingering sensation of his presence dimmed and disappeared. Like a puppet cut from its strings, she collapsed to the ground.
Aden dug her fingers into the dirt. Her body shook as the sobs escaped. Why wouldn’t he let her die? She buried her face in the loam.
A soft noise, almost a whisper, distracted her. It reminded her of the soft whine of the dogs when they were frightened of her. She could feel something nearby. It reached for her.
Aden whirled around but there was nothing there. She sat up and absently began pulling the needles from her hair. She could still feel it. Was some animal watching her, trying to decide if she was on the menu?
Aden looked down at her hands. There was dirt under her nails. Her mind’s memory box opened and an image of her mother, too drunk to even stand on her own, screamed at her for having dirt under her nails. She had turned around and run out the door, not even paying attention to where she was going. She’d been tackled. The sounds came back to her. The scream of the brakes of the big logging truck, the cursing of the angry driver, her own heartbeat, and Sam’s soft, reassuring voice. He had her. She was safe.
“Oh, Sam.” The sob escaped and she closed her eyes. He had saved her from running in front of the truck by tackling her because it was the only thing he could do. And she had eaten him. More sobs flowed from her. She didn’t deserve to live.
The feeling of presence increased and she forced her eyes to open. A form seemed to hover in the shadows on the other side of the clearing. It looked like Sam! She shivered. He appeared to be standing there, quietly watching her.
Aden’s heart contracted. Was his ghost doomed to wander the forest like some ghoul from a scary story? “I’m sorry. So sorry, Sam.”
Sounds drifted on the breeze. Someone was moving through the forest. Sam turned to look in that direction. Aden reached out with her senses but what she discovered instead was a feeling she had become all too familiar with. It was Duval!
Aden sprang to her feet and turned to look for Sam’s ghost, but he was gone. Had she just imagined it?
The wind whispered around her, bringing scents and sounds along for the ride. A person was blundering through the forest. She sensed Duval’s intent. He was hungry.
Where was Michael? Who was crazy enough to be out here in the dark? A deeper fear closed in on her. Michael was right. Duval was strong. Michael couldn’t do it alone. He was going to need her help. She found the wind’s path and began running through the trees.
Aden zoned in on Duval’s aura. It was how she had come to think of it. Is seemed to shine brightly when she focused on it. The brighter aural light guided her through the dimmer life light of the surrounding ecosystem. Even though the sun had set and the trees hung in gloom, the world around her glowed.
She also tried to find Michael’s energy amidst all the clutter, hoping that he would feel her need. She began to see the weaker light of the other human. He wasn’t far ahead but neither was Duval. He surely knew by now that she was coming. Was he waiting for her?
She slowed her pace as she neared the human. She was close enough now to see the outline of his form. It was Ben. What was he thinking? He had something in his hands but she couldn’t tell what it was. She felt Duval move forward and growled deep in her throat.
Duval paused. He turned and looked at her. She could feel his intent. He was offering her first kill! She sprang in Duval’s direction instead.
Duval moved toward Ben. The preacher must be deaf! He was still just sitting there!
Aden made sure to step hard on a branch. It snapped.
Ben finally looked up. “Is that you, Beast? I’ve been waiting for you.”
Aden was distracted by the other forms moving in their direction. Duval slipped by her. She reached for him but he struck out. She flew across the dark glade. Her body hit a tree. It knocked the air out of her lungs. 
He growled quietly. “If you don’t want him, he’s mine. I’m hungry!” He turned and sprang back for Ben.
Clem burst from the other side of the clearing as Duval broke through the brush. Ben turned a bright spot light on the rushing predator. Duval paused and started laughing. “I am no longer bound by the darkness! I’m free to hunt whenever I choose.”
Clem moved forward and tried to put himself between Ben and Duval. “So consider a new meal plan and just order your steak a little raw.”
Duval turned his head to study Clem. Aden could almost feel him assessing the level of threat the intruder represented. Duval smiled broadly, showing his teeth. “Ah, the garbage man has arrived. You do such a nice job of cleaning up all my messes.”
Clem started to move forward but Ben pushed him aside. “No! I have been called to rid the world of this demon.”
Clem lost his balance and fell backwards. His back slammed into a jagged end of a fallen branch, which broke skin. The air became filled with the fresh metallic tang of blood.
Aden struggled to control the urge. Her mouth salivated. The call of the blood was strong.
Duval leapt forward and Ben missed his mark. He caught his balance against a tree.
Maggie came out of her hiding place, picked up a branch, and stood in front of Clem. “Get away from him!”
Duval stopped and laughed harshly. He grabbed the stick and pulled it quickly. Maggie didn’t have time to let go. She was pulled into Duval’s embrace.
Aden was torn by indecision. She could feel Michael coming but he seemed too far away. Duval moved to bite. Aden growled deep and low in her throat and bunched her muscles for the leap.
Duval paused and looked back at her.
Clem sprang to his feet and planted his fist, with all his might, into the side of Duval’s head. Aden heard the bone shatter and felt the pain ripple outward. She dropped to her knees in shared agony, gritting her teeth so as not to cry out.
Duval released Maggie and staggered back. Clem reached for Maggie and pulled her away.
Ben jumped forward and swung his arm toward Duval. In the split second blur, Aden saw what had been gripped in his hand. It was a wooden cross with the bottom sharpened to a point. That point intersected with Duval’s chest.
Duval screamed in pain. Aden dropped to her knees in shared agony. Duval thrashed, reached around, and yanked the cross from his chest.
Aden gasped. The wound wasn’t healing very fast. But he was still alive. The stake had missed his heart. She now understood the crazy passage from Jack’s notebook that had sounded like it came from some bad movie script. The stake must penetrate and remain in the vampire’s heart.
Duval roared in anger. He reached up and grabbed Ben around the throat. Aden staggered to her feet but could only watch in horror as Duval bit into the soft tissue of Ben’s shoulder and began to pull.
* * *

Michael stumbled through the dark forest, desperate to reach Aden. He could feel her urgency and the waves of reflected pain. He struggled against the brambles that snagged on his clothes. He stepped wrong and careened into a tree.
The shock of contact was astonishing. He could feel the tree! He tried to draw away from it but his trapped foot couldn’t untangle itself. He had no choice but to cling to the tree until he could pull his foot free of the rotting log.
His fingers felt the rough sticky bark but his mind discovered a vastness that chilled him. Michael realized he wasn’t just feeling that one tree, but a massive network that seemed to span the entire forest. He could feel the interwoven roots of the trees as they twined together along with all of the bushes and ground cover. Microscopic tendrils of fungi transmitted tiny flashes of energy that traveled across the entire network until every living plant for miles around seemed to know about his clumsy blunder.
Michael could also feel Aden and Duval within the network. Duval’s pain and anger radiated through the system. He gasped and pulled away from the tree. He could now see all the individual organisms of the web. He jumped forward and began to run, letting the trees guide him down the invisible pathway.
Michael saw the glow of the artificial light ahead and quickened his pace. He leapt over the last log into the small clearing and came to an abrupt halt. Duval looked up and released the shriveled form of Ben.
Michael managed to swallow. He quickly glanced around, noting the positions of Clem, Maggie, and Aden. He turned back to Duval.
Duval grinned at him. Blood dripped from the corner of his mouth. He licked his lips. “Sorry. If I knew you were coming, I would have saved you some.” He pointed toward Clem and Maggie. “There’s still plenty for dessert.”
Michael could see them out of the corner of his eye. Both were wide-eyed and pale. He didn’t take his attention from Duval. He noticed the ragged wound in Duval’s chest. It wasn’t healing very fast although the blood flow had stopped. “Looks like your dinner gave you a little heartburn.”
Duval narrowed his eyes. “Are you as reluctant to join me as she is?”
Michael was all too conscious of Aden. She hovered just out of the light at the edge of the clearing. She was leaning against a tree. Michael could feel her presence in the larger forest network. He used the web to search for a safe way to get Clem and Maggie out of there. The trees offered no easy solution. They seemed to be in a natural bowl.
Duval laughed at him. “Now what, my little demigod?”
Michael reached for the calm as Joseph had taught him. “I can help you. I understand what you’re dealing with.”
Duval’s eyebrows arched. “Oh, really?” He studied his fingernails. “I don’t think you have a clue.” He grabbed something on the ground so quickly that it almost appeared as if by magic. They he started to dance and toss the object in his hands. “Oh, it hurts. It burns.”
Michael was puzzled. He realized Duval was playing with a wooden cross. All he could sense was Duval’s childish humor.
Duval laughed and grabbed it tight. “Fooled you!” He laughed again. “Humans have such silly notions. Don’t they?”
Michael felt Aden’s warning a millisecond before Duval launched in his direction. It was enough for him to duck under Duval’s attack. The pointed end that Duval had been hiding in his hand missed Michael’s face by a hair’s width. Michael landed in a crouch between his friends and the predator. He didn’t take his eyes off Duval. “How you doing, Army?”
“A little rough around the edges.”
Michael tried to figure out a way to draw Duval away from the light toward Aden. He’d made her a promise and he intended to keep it. He started inching around the edge of the clearing as he had done in high school as a wrestler, looking for an opening.
Duval snarled and bounded forward, trying to plant his hands in Michael’s rib cage.
Michael rolled to the side. “I know that one. Remember?” He kicked upward. The toe of his shoe intersected with the bottom of Duval’s jaw. Duval gasped. 
The pain rippled outward and almost paralyzed Michael. He fell to his knees. He also felt Aden react. Even the trees reverberated the shock waves. It took him a moment to get his balance back. 
“Michael!” Clem started to move in his direction.
Michael got his hands under his weight. “No! Stay by Maggie.” He felt the syringe in his pocket. It was still whole. He realized it wouldn’t be a good thing to stick himself with, either. He got Aden’s attention, pulled it out, and deftly flicked it in her direction. He heard her catch it.
Duval looked up at him. “It’s such a wicked twist. Wouldn’t you say? Your mate and I fought for hours before I finally sunk my teeth into her. Soon, I will taste your blood.”
“Not happening.” Michael moved to align himself with Aden.
Duval curled and sprang. Michael grabbed his shoulders. As he rolled back, he used the momentum to fling Duval over him.
Duval sailed through the air and connected with a tree. Michael gritted his teeth and dealt with the pain. He rolled to his feet. 
Duval lay in a heap at the base of the tree but Michael wasn’t fooled. He could see the truth. Duval snarled and reached out. He grabbed Michael’s legs and pulled.
Michael went down. The air was knocked out of him. Then pain ripped up his leg as Duval bit down on it. Michael kicked as hard as he could with the other. It knocked Duval aside.
He heard Maggie’s gasp and felt the blood trickle down his calf. “You know, the first thing a bio-haz tech learns, is to immunize himself. You can’t help others if you’re in trouble, too.” He hoped that would quiet Maggie’s fears.
Duval laughed at him and started to say something but Michael didn’t give him a chance. Michael came down on him, got his arm under Duval’s neck, and wrapped his legs around his to pin him. They rolled together into the shadows.
Michael felt Aden next to him and reached out his hand. She put the syringe in it. Michael curled his fingers around the syringe and braced himself.
Duval must have sensed the danger. He tried to flip them over. The energy rolled them back into the clearing. Michael drove the syringe into Duval’s chest, pushing the plunger down with his thumb.
Duval arched in his grasp and screamed. Michael screamed with him. The agony was intense. 
The entire forest seemed to ripple around them as the wave of pain and terror pulsed outward from Duval’s body. He briefly felt the rebound from Aden then all of his senses were on fire. He released Duval’s body, pushing it away from him.
Michael rolled away and retched. He choked on the bile. Strong hands held his head to the side so he could cough it out. His entire body spasmed.
He was pulled into a tight embrace. He could feel Clem’s soul next to his own. Clem struggled to keep him from hitting anything during the convulsions. At some point, he lost conscious control and his body went limp.
He heard Maggie crying. He could feel Clem’s warm tears on his own face. “Hang on, Buddy. Hang on.” Clem’s quiet litany echoed through his rolling mind.
Michael reached out for Aden. She wasn’t there. He was filled with dread. She was gone!
The seizure eventually passed. He realized the motion was Clem, gently rocking him. Maggie was behind him, holding Clem, her arms wrapped around him. She was rocking with them.
Michael found his own heartbeat. The rhythm seemed normal. He could feel his blood pressure. It, too, was within range. He felt the flow of air through his lungs. Respiration was acceptable. He forced open his eyes and blinked away the tears, not sure if they were his, Clem’s, or a combination of the two. Michael inhaled deeply.
Clem looked down at him and smiled weakly. “You’re one tough, cat. You know that. Right?”
Michael wasn’t sure he had the strength to nod. “Duval?”
Clem glanced up, sniffed, and looked back at Michael. “I don’t even need to bother to bag that one. I feel sorry for the ground that has to absorb it. Forgive me for doubting you. You were right.”
Michael struggled to take control of his muscles. He started with fingers and toes then worked inward. Clem helped him sit upright. Michael looked around the clearing. He wished he could apologize to the trees for the mess he’d made of it.
Maggie touched his face. “Are you okay?”
Michael wasn’t sure how to answer that question. He closed his eyes. “Let me get back to you on that one.”
Clem managed to get to his own feet. He held out a hand to Michael. “Need a lift?”
Michael took his hand and let Clem pull him upward. His legs were still a little shaky.
Maggie came around to help support him. “Should he really be walking on that leg?”
Michael exchanged glances with Clem. Clem knelt and made a fuss over nothing. He ended up ripping part of his already torn jacket to make a fake bandage.
When Clem was finished, Michael picked up the lantern and walked over to Duval’s final resting place. He looked down at the bubbling white mass. His throat tightened. He had stopped Duval. The viral threat had been contained. But at what cost?
Clem came up beside him. “It doesn’t seem nearly so bad when you look at from this perspective.”
“Why do you say that?”
“It used to be a beast.”
Michael shook his head. “Duval wasn’t a beast. He was a product.” He closed his eyes and thought back to the files. How many more like Duval were out there?
Clem leaned closer. “Was this how you found Aden?”
Michael felt every cell of his body freeze. Is this how he would find her? He couldn’t breathe. He knew what she’d been thinking. He felt Clem’s arm grab him and pull him back away from the remains of Duval.
Clem carefully lowered him down. “Whoa, Buddy. What’s with the gravity attack?” Clem bent over him. “Oh! I’m sorry, Michael. I’m so sorry. What was I thinking?”
Michael felt Clem’s tears on his face and managed to grab his hand. “Hey, Army. Raindrops keep fallen on my head.”
Clem managed to laugh. “One tough cat.” He sighed and helped Michael back to his feet.
Michael looked around. “Where’s Maggie?”
Clem’s face went serious again. He nodded over his shoulder.
Michael walked around Clem. Maggie was kneeling next to the remains of Ben. 
Clem swallowed hard and moved to kneel at her side. He put his hands on her shoulders. “I’m sorry I couldn’t stop Duval.” 
Maggie shook her head. “Ben made his own choice.” She looked up at Clem. “And I’ve made mine.” 
Clem stood and offered her his hand. She took it. Clem pulled her to her feet and into his embrace.
Michael staggered over and looked down at the body. He frowned and looked closely, using his senses to focus at the cellular level. The virus was active! Michael gasped. He remembered Jack’s warning and references he’d found in the notebook. He remembered the rabbit in the lab. Ben’s body was still intact. He was afraid to say anything in front of Maggie. Clem was watching him with wide eyes.
Michael looked around the clearing. He noticed the cross still laying where Duval had tossed it. Michael picked it up. His skin tingled and then began to burn. Duval hadn’t been kidding! He realized it was made of fresh willow.
He looked at Maggie. “Ben was a man of God, right?” 
She nodded.
Michael knelt next to the body and drove the pointed end through Ben’s heart. He felt it rupture. His own heart felt like it was ready to cave in. Michael let go of the cross. The burn of his hands receded. He tried to get up but stumbled. 
Clem caught him and helped him to his feet. He put his arm around Michael’s shoulders. “It’s over.” 
Michael caught the sob before it could escape. That’s what he feared most.
* * *

Aden came up behind the dark house. She hoped Michael was alright. She didn’t dare reach out her senses. She found the laundry door standing wide open. It didn’t really matter. She went down into the basement. The lights were still on in Michael’s lab.
Aden stepped into the cage and scanned the counter. She spotted the fresh syringe loaded with the solution. This is what Michael had been working on. This dose had been meant for Duval. She picked it up. One Beast was dead. There was still one more to go.
She debated where to die. After seeing and feeling what Duval had gone through, she didn’t want to be too close to anyone. She thought of Emma’s resting place. It was far away from everything. No one would ever find her there. Huntress seemed to argue in the back of her mind but she pushed her away.
She looked at all of Michael’s papers spread across the counters. She at least owed him a note. She found a piece of paper and searched for a pen. Aden was surprised to find her cell phone. It was plugged in. She couldn’t believe it. Aden unleashed it and dropped it in her pocket.
She finally found a pen and tried to think of what to say. She started writing. As she began the second sentence, the ink stopped flowing. Aden put her head down on her arms. Murphy must have it out for her. There was a drawer full of pens up in the office.
Aden grabbed the syringe and the note and headed out of the lab. As she crossed the basement, her pocket buzzed. Habit caused her to pause and pull out her phone. There were over a hundred messages waiting for her. She couldn’t even laugh. She must be the most wanted dead person in the world.
Aden threw the phone as hard as she could. It shattered against the wall. Someone would pick up the pieces. She wouldn’t be there to give them to.
Aden ran up the basement stairs and down the hall. She dropped the syringe and unfinished note on the table and took the next set of stairs two at a time.
The office was dark but her eyes could see with just the dim glow from the clock on the desk. Its red light illuminated the satchel.
Aden put her hand on it. Michael should have the files. She dug a pen out of the drawer and grabbed the case.
Aden came back down the stairs, slower this time, listening to every creak they made, committing them to memory. She stopped at the bottom. She was startled when she caught her own reflection in the mirror above the coat pegs. She looked like a stranger. There seemed to  be a ripple in the air behind her. Huntress purred softly, trying to comfort her, but it only irritated her.
Aden turned and plopped the leather case down on the table. The corner of it landed on the syringe. The syringe went rolling one way and the satchel tipped the other, its unlatched lid flying open. There was a tiny cracking noise and an odd odor filled the room but Aden was focused on the files scattered across the floor. She sighed deeply and threw the pen down on the table. “Murphy, so help me! If I could, I’d take you out with me!”
She crouched and began scooping up folders and jamming them back into the satchel. A little scrap detached itself from the larger collection. She reached for it. It was a small photo with a sticky note attached to it.
Aden flipped the note back to see the image and gasped. The face in the photo looked way too familiar. She’d seen a picture of him before. Michael had it in a shoe box under his bed.
She stood and dropped the case on the table. She let the note fall back. It was written in David’s distinctive print. Possible informant. The name under that tumbled from her lips involuntarily. “Malaki Antonopoulos.”
How could this be? She checked the date. David had written it only days before his disappearance.
Aden’s system froze. Could it really be possible? The tingle wrapped tightly around her lungs. She jammed the photo into her jacket pocket. Her fingers made contact with a small piece of metal. Aden drew it out. She stared at the shiny nickel in her fingers.
She swallowed hard and flipped the nickel into the air. She caught it and trapped it against the back of her other hand. Aden slowly peeked at the result. Heads up.
Electricity ran through her nervous system. She dropped the nickel back into her pocket. The sound of engines hummed in the distance. Tiny sets of headlights seemed to be converging far off on the western slope of the valley. She felt the edges of his presence and drew back.
Aden grabbed the strap of the satchel and raced toward the back of the house, creating a wind that sent everything flying. Aden slipped out the door of the laundry room. She didn’t look back.
* * *

Michael groaned as the truck bounced down the rough road. He could feel them on either side, Clem to his left and Maggie to his right. She held him to keep his airway open as Clem had instructed her.
Clem glanced over at him. “Hang in there, Buddy. We’ll get you out of here.” His voice was full of concern.
Michael could feel Maggie’s heartbeat through her fingers that supported his neck. His body shook with hunger. He realized he could smell them! Their blood had a distinctive odor. His mouth began to salivate. Is this what Aden felt all the time?
His throat closed at the thought of her. He couldn’t feel Aden. Michael gasped for air. He felt the constriction of his lungs and the burning of their loss of fresh air.
“Clem! He’s not breathing!”
The truck’s bouncing motion came to an abrupt stop. “Michael!” Clem’s voice was close to his ear. “Come on, Buddy. You gotta hang on.” Clem’s hands replaced Maggie’s.
Michael could smell Clem’s blood so close to his mouth that he could taste it. Michael gagged on his own saliva.
“What is going on?” Clem’s voice was filled with fear.
Maggie gasped. “Duval bit him! What if he’s infected?”
Clem swallowed hard. “He’s been working on a vaccine.” His voice trembled. “I know he injected himself.” Clem’s breath moved across his face. “Come on, Michael. You have to be okay. You said you fixed this problem.” His fluttery whisper echoed through Michael’s mind.
He could smell Clem’s blood even more now. He couldn’t bite Clem! What was he thinking? He struggled against his body’s urge.
 “Clem! There are headlights coming up behind us!”
The crackle of static filled the small cab. Daniel’s voice was fuzzy. “To Rescue One. Is that’s you. Clem?”
Michael could feel the vibration of the other vehicle stop. Clem opened his door and leaned away from Michael’s clenched teeth. “Danny Boy! Do you have emergency rations with you?”
“I’ve got some honey gel.”
“Bring it. Fast!” Clem leaned over his again. “Just hang on Michael.” Clem tilted Michael’s neck back and fought to open his mouth. “Damn! His jaws are locked.”
“What are we going to do?” Maggie’s voice trembled.
Feet came running toward the truck. The smells were familiar. One was Daniel. “Here’s what I’ve got.” He gasped. “Mike! What’s wrong with him?”
Maggie started to say something but Clem hushed her. “Just let me get this into him.”
“But he’ll choke on it! Clem! He’s not even breathing!”
“Maggie, my dearest. I have learned a few things about Doc that would surprise even you. He is one of the toughest cats I know.” Michael felt something soft being squeezed into his mouth. A hand massaged his jaws. “Come on, Buddy. You need this. You gotta swallow.”
Joseph’s hand touched his face. “Michael. Relax. Breathe.”
“Joe, right now, I just want him to swallow.”
Michael tasted the sweetness. He recognized the taste of the honey. It wasn’t blood. He swallowed. His body began to relax and air seeped through to his starving lungs. Michael stopped resisting. He accepted the gel that Clem fed him.
Maggie inhaled sharply. “He’s breathing again!”
Michael felt the collective tension release from the group surrounding him.
“That’s it, Michael. Keep going.” Clem’s hand supported his neck.
Daniel was shaking. “What happened? Annie said you two took off after Ben. Where is he?”
Maggie trembled. “He’s dead. Duval killed him.”
Daniel groaned. “I’m sorry, Mags. I’m going to get that thing, somehow.”
“I’m afraid you’re too late, Danny Boy. Doc beat you to it. He took out Duval.” Clem’s voice was flat.
“What? By himself?”
Michael felt Clem’s hands tremble. “He gave him a direct infusion of holy water. It wasn’t pretty.” His voice broke.
Michael choked. Clem grabbed his shoulders. “You have to move, Joe!” Clem and Maggie rolled him to the side. Michael coughed but fought to keep the nutrients that Clem had gotten into his system.
Clem held him. “Come on, Michael. Hold it together. We’ll get you back to town and get some real food into you.”
Michael could smell Clem’s tears. He felt another hand on his arm. He knew the touch. It was Daniel. “You did it.” He swallowed hard. “My dad’s been avenged.” His soft whisper echoed through Michael’s mind. 
Aden! He couldn’t feel her! Had she already died? He had to find her. For Daniel’s sake, too.
“I’ll drive for you, Clem. Maggie can ride back with Joe. Let’s get Michael back to town.”
“Thanks, Daniel.” Clem lifted Michael up, keeping his head supported, and Maggie helped pull him into a sitting position. Michael felt Clem and Maggie touch. He was part of their shared energy for a moment. It was powerful.
Maggie broke the contact. “See you back at Annie’s.” She shut the door of the truck.
Daniel got in and started it up. “I can’t believe it’s finally over.”
“Ya.” Clem’s light whisper danced across Michael’s face. “It’s over for Duval, anyway.” Clem brushed the tears from Michael’s cheeks. “We won’t forget her. You know that.”
Michael felt his soul withering. How could he live without her? There was no point.
The road smoothed out as Daniel turned onto the main street. “We’re almost there.” There was a strange buzzing sound. It was somehow familiar. Daniel touched Michael’s pocket. “It’s Doc’s phone.”
Clem pulled it out. “He’s got a message from someone named Diana.”
Michael opened his eyes enough to see the phone. He tried to reach for it. He wanted to erase it.
Clem caught his hand. “It’s okay. I’ll get it.” He pressed the play prompt.
A computerized voice informed him that he had one unheard message. “Michael, this is Diana. Oh, my god! I’m so sorry. Sarah called me this morning. She’d gotten a call from Aden’s landlord. This is so terrible. How did she die? Sarah said something about the line of duty. What was she doing? I hope,”
Michael found the strength to reach out and grab the phone. He hit the end button. He couldn’t stand Diana’s high pitched voice asking him to come to the party again. How could he? He never would have gone without Aden. He wept.
Clem held him tight. “I’m sure she meant well. People just don’t think some times. I know. I’ve been there.”
The truck came to a stop. Daniel sighed. “I hope they haven’t been sitting on the porch steps the entire time. It’s gotten cold.” He opened his door. “I’ll come around and give you a hand with him.”
Clem and Daniel got Michael out of the truck. He heard Joseph and Maggie come running from across the street. Michael could feel all of them. He opened his eyes a bit. The sky was a tapestry of brilliant stars. The lights on the café porch illuminated all their faces.
Annie rushed forward and embraced Joseph. She glanced over at Michael then turned back. “What happened? Where’s Ben?”
Joseph put a finger to her lips. “Answers later.” He looked at Clem. “What does Michael need?”
“Soup is always a good place to start.”
Joseph put is arm around Annie’s shoulder. “Come. Let’s get some soup warmed up.”
Cindy came to Daniel’s side. “Is he okay?”
“He’s in one piece.” Daniel’s voice was quiet.
Maggie pulled Cindy ahead. “Let’s hold the doors for them.”
They got Michael inside and Clem helped him down into a chair by the fireplace. “Take it easy. We’ll get something warm into your system. That will help.”
Joseph came out of the kitchen with a blanket. “Annie heated this up. Drape it around his shoulders. You get a fire started, Dan. I’ll bring in more wood.”
Michael felt dazed. The world seemed to be moving around him but without him. He could feel all their concern. But the one thing he wanted to feel most was not there.
Annie hurried out of the kitchen with a bowl. Clem took it from her. “Thank you, Miss Annie. You’re a gem.” He sat down in the chair next to Michael. “Let’s get some of this into you.” He held the spoon up to Michael’s mouth.
Michael closed his eyes. He didn’t want to eat. He didn’t want to live. He no longer had a purpose. There was nothing left. Duval was dead and Aden was gone.
“Oh, come on, Michael. You can’t give up. You’ve made it this far.” Clem put the bowl down and used his other hand to raise Michael’s head. “You’ve got to eat. I know how much you need this.”
Maggie pulled another chair close to Clem and sat next to him. “It sounds like you’ve had this problem before.”
Clem frowned. “Just not this bad. Doc has a habit of pushing himself to the point of exhaustion. Then it’s a struggle to get him back on the level.”
Joseph came in with his arms full of wood and set it down next to Daniel. He looked over at Michael. “Doctors are the worst patients.”
Clem chuckled weakly. “That sums it up.”
Joseph took a seat next to Michael and picked up his hand. “What you did took a great amount of courage. I know it can’t bring her back but you had no choice but to kill him.”
Clem sighed. “Duval didn’t give him any choice.”
Michael listened to all of them in the room. He could feel each of them. Everyone had choices to make. So did he. There were others who needed his help. He sighed and looked at Joseph. “Duval made his own choice.”
Clem held the spoon to his mouth again. “Then how about you choose to try some of Annie’s soup?”
Michael relented and let Clem feed him until he was strong enough to hold the spoon on his own. He managed to eat four bowls of it. Clem was finally satisfied.
The others had gathered around the table and eaten as well. Maggie sat next to Clem. Annie sat on the other side of Joseph. Cindy and Daniel sat arm in arm across the table from him. He could feel all of their connections. He felt out of place.
Annie sighed. “So it’s really over? The Beast is dead.” She smiled. “That means everyone can come home and Sweetvale will be sweet once more.”
Daniel put a hand on Cindy stomach. “Maybe it won’t be such a bad place to raise a family.”
She hugged him. “I love you, Daniel.”
He pulled her close and closed his eyes. “I know.” The depth of his emotion caused Michael’s heart to tighten. He could feel the little girl wiggling in Cindy’s body. He hoped she’d live a happy life.
Annie started to cry but Joseph took her in his arms. “My dearest Annie. We will weave together.” He kissed her.
Maggie leaned on Clem’s shoulder. He wrapped his arms around her. She looked up at him. “Where should we have the ceremony?”
Cindy looked at them and gasped. “Ceremony? For what?”
Maggie smiled at Clem. “I said yes.”
“I know you did.” He kissed her.
Michael was shaking. He pushed out of the chair. He had to know. His body felt numb and his feet refused to hold his weight.
Clem caught him. “Whoa, Doc. Gravity almost took you for a ride.”
Michael convinced his legs to work. He straightened and gently pulled free of Clem. “I have to go.” He moved through the maze of tables toward the door. He heard Clem following. Michael pushed through both sets of doors and stumbled down the porch steps. He could see the house at the end of the street. It was dark. He started to run.
Michael slowed down at he approached the porch. He didn’t feel her. He made it up the steps and burst through the front door. He caught himself on the doorframe. The house felt empty. He could smell her tears. Aden had been there!
Another smell registered. He’d become too familiar with it over the past couple of weeks. The metallic tang of mercury. He knew what it was. His gut clenched.
Michael fell to his knees and bent over. His hand touched something that wasn’t the floor. It was a piece of paper. He grabbed it. It had only one line written on it. “I’ve never been much for parties.” The words seemed to come from somewhere other than his own voice.
His world seemed to be collapsing. He wadded the piece of paper in his fist and crawled to the stairs. He curled into a ball on the bottom step and gave into his grief.
He was vaguely aware of Clem’s feet on the front steps. “Michael?” Clem came into the dark house. He found Michael’s shoulder and sank down onto the steps next to him.
Michael squeezed his hands into fists and tried to shove them into his eyes sockets. “She’s gone.” 
Clem pulled him into an embrace and wept with him. Eventually they both quieted. Clem pulled a hanky from his back pocket and wiped his face. “Doc, you need some sleep. Let me help you up the stairs.”
Michael trembled. “I can’t. Not up there.”
“I understand.” Clem sighed. “Sometimes I speak before I think. How about the sleeper in the living room, then?”
Michael didn’t fight Clem’s gentle tug as he pulled him from the stairs. Clem half carried him to the sofa bed and helped him in. He covered him with a blanket. Clem started to leave. “Hey, Army?”
“What’s up, Doc?”
“Thanks.”
Clem chuckled weakly. “No worries. Just get some sleep.”
Michael didn’t really remember falling asleep. He opened his eyes to sunlight. It streamed in through the open window blinds. He blinked to clear his vision. He inhaled deeply. The room still held her fragrance. He sighed. He was still alive and he had work to do.
Michael got up, showered, and dressed. He went down into the basement and surveyed the remains of the boxes. What would George really need back? He pulled a few from the stack and flipped on the lights of the packing room.
As he entered the room his focus was drawn to the work bench. His notes were still laid out. The syringe was gone.
Michael felt his chest cave. He grabbed the mesh wire and clung to it. She’d used the syringe he’d made for Duval. His mind replayed Duval’s last moments and saw Aden’s face instead. He wept.
A hand rested on his shoulder. He was so startled that if his fingers hadn’t been entwined in the mesh, he would have done serious damage to Joseph. “Michael? I brought over some breakfast for you. Annie was worried when you didn’t come into the café this morning.”
Michael got his pulse and respiration under control. He dried his face on his shirt sleeve. “I’m sorry, Joe. I wasn’t really thinking about food.”
“I noticed. You seem to have that problem.” Joseph looked around the room. “Don’t worry about the house. Annie and I will take care of things. Alan had put Annie in his will as second inheritor after Aden.” Joseph’s voice caught. He sighed deeply and blinked away the tears. “It won’t be easy for any of us but we have to go on. We have no other choice.”
Michael swallowed hard and pulled himself upright. “I need to get some of this equipment back to George.”
“I’ll help you. Just tell me what you need to pack. But first.” He handed the basket he’d been carrying to Michael. “You need to eat. That’s the one thing that Clem definitely got across to all of us. You forget to eat if no one reminds you.”
Michael grinned and took it. He could smell Annie’s amazing oatmeal and some of her breakfast rolls. “This is one thing I’m really going to miss. There’s no cooking as good as Annie’s anywhere else.”
Joseph chuckled and patted his stomach. “You’re preaching to the choir.”
Michael sat on the stool and focused on the food. He made a brief list of the things he absolutely needed to return. The little Mazda would only hold so much. When he’d finished the food, he and Joseph boxed the essentials. He looked around at what was left. “Some of this stuff belongs to Clem. He’s welcome to the rest of it, too. Whatever he wants of it.” He looked at Joseph. “Are you and Annie going to stay at the café?”
“I’m sure we will. Guests come and go at all hours. Annie is all about customer service. I understand that. Daniel and Cindy will probably move into Sam’s place.”
Michael nodded. “Clem and Maggie really need a bigger space than his loft.”
Joseph laughed. “I’m thinking your right about that. I’ll mention it to Annie.” He looked around the basement. “This house needs some love in it.”
Michael and Joseph carried the boxes out to his car. He packed them in. “All I have left is my stuff upstairs.” He looked around the empty little town then back at Joseph. “Thank you for everything.” He held out his hand.
Joseph shook it with a firm grasp. “Remember to think clearly as you move forward and always stay on the wall. Have a safe journey.”
Michael grinned. “Portland isn’t all that far away.”
“We are all on a journey, no matter how far we travel over a physical distance. The Universe pulls us forward by laying out new weft - like a welcome mat to the future. Remember to pay attention and choose to weave wisely.” He glanced at the café.
Michael followed his gaze. Annie was standing on the porch. He smiled and looked back at Joseph. “You’re one smart fella.”
Joseph smiled. “And I feel smart.” He chuckled. “Now you’ll have to excuse me. I have some weaving of my own to do.” He winked and started walking toward the café.
Michael sighed. He went back into the house. The notebook was on the table. He picked it up and studied the faded cover. All of Jack’s work. Would it help? And what about the files?
Michael went up the stairs and pushed open the office door. The desk was empty. The files were gone! He swallowed hard. What would she have done with them? He closed his eyes and backed out of the room.
He grabbed his duffel bag and the guitar and glanced around the room. Aden’s memory box caught his eye. He swallowed hard. He set his things down and picked it up. The pictures and other mementos still smelled of her. He held it to his chest and willed the tears not to fall. He swallowed hard and tucked it into his bag.
He went down the stairs one final time, listening to their unique creaks and groans. He paused in the front hall and looked around. He could almost feel her. But she wasn’t there. She was gone.
Michael went out the front door and closed it behind him. He walked down the short sidewalk to the driveway and managed to squeeze the guitar and his bag into the overstuffed little car. He looked at the peaceful valley, sighed, and opened the driver’s side door.
Something shiny reflected the sunlight. It sat perfectly balanced on the top rim of the steering wheel. Michael gasped and picked up the nickel. He whirled around and reached out with his senses. He didn’t feel her. He swallowed hard and shoved the nickel into his pocket. He got into the car.
The little Mazda whined as he turned over the starter. It complained even more as he backed it out of the driveway. He glanced at the gauges. The gas was low.
Michael drove down the street and pulled into the gas station. He was greeted with a ding-ding as the car ran over a rubber tube.
Clem came around the side from the garage. He stopped and stared at the car for a moment before coming up to the window. “You look pretty loaded. You sure that little thing is going to make it back to Portland?”
“What other options do I have?”
Clem grinned. “You could always stay here. Sweetvale is a nice little town. Nothing bad ever happens here.”
Michael laughed. “Army, you really are something else!” Michael got out of the car. He gave Clem a hug.
Clem sniffed. “I was hoping maybe you’d think about staying at least a few more days. Maggie and I have been planning a little get together. I could use a best man.”
Michael put a hand on Clem’s shoulder. “As much as I appreciate the offer, I can’t stay. She’s not here.”
Michael could feel Clem struggling. He held out his hand. Clem took it and pulled Michael into a tight embrace. “You take care of yourself, Michael, and remember to keep breathing, okay?” His voice was clipped and full of emotion.
Michael let him go. “I will.” He noticed the others had come out of the café. “Looks like I have a few more good-byes to get through.”
Clem patted him on the shoulder. “I’ll top off your tank. The rest is up to you.”
Michael managed to get through it. Daniel walked with him back to the car. “Thanks for all of your help.” Michael could feel the mix of emotions he was struggling with.
He patted the sheriff’s badge on Daniel’s shirt. The little hole was still there. “I bet Clem could fix that up for you.”
Daniel shook his head. “There will always be a hole there.” His voice choked and he turned away.
Michael’s gut tightened. He sighed. “Hey, Sheriff.” Daniel looked back at him. “You’ll do fine.” Daniel nodded and walked back to the steps where Cindy waited for him.
Clem cleared his throat. “All topped off.”
Michael turned to him. “How much do I owe you?”
“As if we could ever really settle up? I’ve lost count. Let’s just call it even.”
Michael didn’t trust his voice at that moment. He hugged Clem again. “You take good care of her, Army.”
“I will.” Clem let him go.
Michael got into the car, started it, and waved to everyone. He pulled away from the gas station and headed down the road that would take him toward the main highway.
He slowed down as he left town and glanced up in the rear view mirror. It seemed a very different place than the small misty settlement he’d driven into almost a month before. He let the car coast for a moment. Michael watched Annie’s Café and the Sweetvale Post Office fade behind him to be replaced by trees. He sighed, focused on the road ahead, and sped up.
The little Mazda continued to complain after its period of disuse. Michael shifted down to relieve some of the pressure on the brakes as the car curved down the hill toward the highway. He began to hum. The tune filled the emptiness in his soul. But then something else began to seep in, an awareness. The words of the song rose through the haze. “And we can recover if we carry on. I don’t know what life holds - it’s just mystery. ”
Michael stopped singing abruptly. The feeling was so strong it made him ache. He slowed down.
She was standing on the side of the road in a narrow pull-out. Her hair hung free and glistened in the warm sunlight. The leather satchel was slung over her shoulder.
Michael pulled off the road and stopped the car. The feeling was so intense he could hardly breathe. He managed to get out.
Aden stood there watching him.
Michael shoved his hands into the front pockets of his jeans and forced himself to move forward. His entire body quivered. A thousand questions swarmed through his mind but not a single word would solidify into his reality. His nervous fingers felt the nickel enfolded in the fabric lining of the pocket. He drew it out and held it before her.
Aden looked down and stared at the nickel. Michael could feel her heartbeat intensify. She slowly reached out and took the coin.
Michael felt his body melting. He fell forward and pulled her into his arms. She curled into him and nestled into his chest.
Michael closed his eyes and allowed his senses to expand into her, to feel every cell and molecule of her body. He buried his face in her sun-warmed hair. The melody ascended in a shaky vibrato that was barely a whisper. “I won’t fear the future if you’re here with me.”
* - * - *
Epilogue
The car’s wheels crunched on the gravel as it pulled away. He sank farther into the deep shadows within the culvert and whimpered. The intense light beyond the gap burned his eyes. Why was she leaving him behind?
Lost One began to cry. He’d find her again, somehow. He had to. He didn’t even know why. He could feel the pull of her energy as the distance between them lengthened. The pain was intense. He moaned. The sound echoed from the culvert and mingled with the wind. Darkness would come eventually. Then he would follow.
* - * - *
Hope for a Dream
Where has the time gone as it passed by?
I have no answers, I still ask why.
Could it be different if we did it again?
Or would I still lose my only best friend?
Is there a hope for us somewhere out there?
Maybe a second chance - if so do we dare?

Hope for a dream, dream for tomorrow
Give up this grief and get past the sorrow
Move forward together into a new day
So turn around, come back to me - and stay.

I know that your hurt - I feel your pain.
I still remember that day in the rain
When you turned away and you walked out my door.
I’d give anything to hold you once more
I feel like I’m dying - you've broken my heart
But if there’s a small chance I’m ready to start.

Hope for a dream, dream for tomorrow
Give up this grief and get past the sorrow
Move forward together into a new day
So turn around, come back to me - and stay.

Please give me a chance, come back to me
Don’t give up on life, look up and see.
I’m here to hold you and I won’t let you go
There’s nothing to fear above or below
All that I have in life I give to you
I’ll love you for evermore if you say “I do”

Hope for a dream, dream for tomorrow
Give up this grief and get past the sorrow
Move forward together into a new day
So turn around, come back to me - and stay.

Can’t live without you - who would I be?
An empty lost soul in misery
Don’t tell me it's over, I know our love's strong
And we can recover if we carry on.
I don’t know what life holds - it’s just mystery
I won’t fear the future if you’re here with me

Hope for a dream, dream for tomorrow
Give up this grief and get past the sorrow
Move forward together into a new day
So turn around, come back to me - and stay.

* - * - *
About the Author
I have been writing most of my life. I published my first work of fiction at the age of 16 and have continued on for more than 40 years. I currently live in the Pacific Northwest of the United States of America. You can find most of my work as e-books at Smathwords.com under my author name. I write both fiction and nonfiction.
Fiction:
Eternal Knights Series: Dark Predator, Shadow Dancer, Paladin
The Dragon Lady of Hamilton High
Salty Dogs (A children’s chapter book)
Micah’s Gift – A Christmas Countdown Story
Askaro of the Falcon
Gold Magic Series: Eggling & Lost Souls
The White Dragon Trilogy: The Runaway Dragon Rider
Non-fiction:
Writing the Journey
A Place Called Kalaloch
Weaver Wisdom – A Practical Guide to Wholistic Living
Reuniting the Divided States of America
Reinventing Education in America
One Small Light
For More Information:
Check out my website at:
https://olyladyli.wixsite.com/ladyli-home

Thanks for reading and have a great day!
Lady Li Andre
*~*~*~*~*

