






FIRE DANGER

by

Peter Menadue

Copyright 2021 Peter Menadue


SEVENTH BOOK IN THE BUSH CAPITAL SERIES


Peter Menadue is a former journalist who has worked as a barrister in Sydney, Australia, for more years than he cares to remember. He also writes courtroom novels under the pen name ‘Mark Dryden’


CHAPTER ONE

Andy Stafford’s cricket career soared like a rocket and nearly scraped the sun before crashing to earth. It traced an almost mythic arc. I would describe him as a tragic hero if he had any heroic qualities. He had none.
He was born on a wheat farm in the far west of New South Wales and started playing local cricket at an early age. By the time he was sixteen, word had reached Sydney that a young fast bowler in the country was terrorising batsmen with his explosive pace. Within a few years, he moved to Sydney and started playing interstate cricket. A few years later, he forced his way into the Test team.
He had every quality that a fast bowler needs: tremendous stamina, good control and pace that often nudged 160 kilometres an hour. He also had the mean streak that all great fast bowlers possess. He liked to soften up batsmen with a barrage of short-pitched bowling that often left them battered and bruised. Many batsmen surrendered their wickets rather than face his hostile bowling.
For several years, he cut a swathe through the best batsmen in the world. Then, in his twentieth Test match at the Lords Oval in London, one of his thunderbolts hit an English batsman on his helmet and knocked him out. While he looked on, like a victorious warrior standing over a vanquished foe, the batsman was loaded into an ambulance and carted off to a hospital. The batsman suffered a brain aneurism en route and was dead on arrival.
His death caused an uproar and Stafford was quickly cast as the villain. He was accused of deliberately trying to harm the batsman and showing no sympathy after the batsman collapsed at the wicket. There was speculation that he would be charged with assault or worse.
His surly personality had already alienated most cricket administrators and fans, and left him with no reservoir of goodwill upon which to draw. His attempts to defend himself fell on deaf ears and the administrators announced, against his will, that he was going to “step back” from cricket to “reflect and recuperate”. At the age of 26, he returned to his family’s wheat farm in the far west of New South Wales. That was a year ago. Since then, a deafening silence. Newspapers reported various rumours. One was that he suffered from deep depression and had tried to commit suicide; another was that he suffered a crippling injury when his tractor overturned and would never play cricket again. But nobody knew the truth. The few intrepid reporters who ventured out to the farm, hunting for a story, were turned away.
After Big Media kneecapped my career in political journalism, I started ghost-writing the memoirs of sports stars and media celebrities with stunted language skills. Stafford agreed to let a major book publisher publish his autobiography, but the publisher needed a product. My literary agent, Sue Prideaux, persuaded the publisher to give me the ghost-writing commission. When she phoned and broke the good news, I trembled like a batsman facing Stafford in full cry. A book in which he finally broke his silence would be a bestseller. I would soon get a buzz from accessing my bank account. A title popped into my mind: “Bouncing Back!”.
I said: “Beam me aboard. Why does he want to talk now?”
“He, or at least his agent, hopes the book will humanise him. That will put pressure on cricket administrators to let him resume playing and will help him win advertising contracts. He’s not exactly a squeaky-clean brand ambassador right now.”
Ghost-writing tales of redemption was one of my specialities. “Does he still live on the family farm near Cobar?”
“Yes. You’ll have to drive out there and talk to him.”
It would take me about six hours to reach the farm. That was fine. It would be nice to escape Canberra and my family duties for a while. “OK.”
Sue gave me Stafford’s mobile number. I phoned him up and organised to meet him at the farm in a few days’ time.
When I reached it, I saw that he and his parents lived in a plain red-brick house on the crest of a low hill. The current drought, which had extended its brown fingers into every corner of the state, had hit their farm particularly hard. No crops had been planted for two seasons and scrawny sheep waited to be hand-fed. The once-bubbling creek behind the property was now a prehistoric wrinkle.
Stafford introduced me to his parents when I arrived. His father was a tall, spare man who inherited the farm from his father and still worked from dawn to dusk. His mother was a stocky woman who worked just as hard. I hate to say they were as hard as the land that bred them, but they were.
They only became animated when complaining about the treatment their son received from the cricketing world. The rest of the time, they hovered in the background, sombre and suspicious. 
Stafford was cut from the same cloth. He had gone from being a sullen farmer to a sullen sports star and back again. It was easy to see where his hard-bitten approach to cricket came from. He had kept himself super-fit during his exile from cricket and looked ready, at a moment’s notice, to terrorise batsmen with his thunderbolts.
His parents allocated me a small and dusty bedroom at the back of the house. I then spent three days, sitting at the dinner table with their son, interrogating him about his life. He was a man of few words because, I soon discovered, he had little to say. If he displayed any self-knowledge in his autobiography, it would come from me.
He only really opened up emotionally while talking about his older brother, who died a few years before, when his car rolled near the farm after a night of drinking in town. His lingering grief was obviously sincere.
He was less convincing when talking about the death of the English batsman. I sensed that he was reciting someone else’s lines. Whose? His agent’s? He twisted his fingers together and said: “A lot of people claim I loved hurting batsmen and got a big buzz when I hit the Pommie batsman on the head. Not true. I was very upset when he went down. The problem is that I’m no good at expressing my emotions. I freeze up. I only realised that after the Pommie died. My agent sent me to see a shrink. The shrink said that, because I’m a sensitive guy, I push away painful emotions instead of dealing with them.”
“I understand. So, you regret killing Mike Taggart?”
“Yeah, of course. I’m not the nasty jerk the media says I am. I still have nightmares about what happened. There was a time when I even got a bit, well, suicidal.”
He was definitely over-egging the pudding. “You thought about taking your own life?”
“Yeah. Then I spoke to a local priest and he talked me out of it. Said it would be a stupid thing to do. I’d hurt everyone who loved me.”
“But, despite the pain you went through, you still want to return to cricket?”
“Of course. I love the game. It’s my life. If I’m allowed to play again, I’ll approach it differently: I won’t try to hurt batsmen and I’ll express my feelings better.”
His tale of repentance and enlightenment did not convince me. The madly combative fast bowler was hiding in the shadows. But I didn’t care. I wasn’t there to write a hatchet job. I was ghosting his autobiography. This would be his book, not mine. I would hand it over at the tradesman’s entrance and scamper off. What happened after that was not my concern. 
“Thanks,” I said and turned off my tape recorder.
“You think you’ve got enough?”
“Yep.”
“Good. Jesus, I didn’t know making a book would be so hard. I’ve never talked so much in my life.” He stood and resumed his disconcerting habit of doing stretching exercises while talking. “My agent reckons the Cricket Board will let me play again pretty soon. I know lots of fans hate me. But he says I put bums on seats. That’s all that matters. I might not even need this book to get a recall.”
I agreed with him. Stafford gave Test cricket a gladiatorial appeal. After he was forced into exile, its popularity declined dramatically. “I think your agent is right.”
“Good.” He stared through dusty Venetian blinds at a bleached paddock. The sun was crash-landing on the horizon. After about ten seconds, he turned back and looked almost pensive. “You know what I miss the most about playing cricket?”
“Umm, the camaraderie?”
“Nah. Most of my teammates hated me and I hated them. I admit that. I don’t reckon that’ll change.”
“Then what do you miss the most?”
A devilish smile. “I miss watching batsmen shit their pants when I run in to bowl. I can’t wait to see that again.”
I hid my surprise. “You mean, you will try to hurt them again?”
“Hah. Of course, I will. That’s the only way to teach them respect. If I don’t, they’ll get onto the front foot and smack me around the park.”
“You just told me you won’t try to hurt batsmen.”
“Yeah, but I only said that for the book.”
“But you might kill another one.”
A long and suspicious stare. “We’re talking off the record, right?”
“Of course. I’m writing your book. You have to approve of every word in it.”
“Good.” A wolfish smile and a sinister chuckle. “To be honest, I don’t care if I kill another batsman. Nobody forces them to face me. It’s their decision. Not my fault if they end up like that bloody Pom.”


CHAPTER TWO

When Bill Loder told me, over a beer, that he planned to get married, I was shocked. Bill was the federal political reporter for Action Nightly News. You’ve probably seen him on television at some time, standing in front of Federal Parliament wearing a bespoke overcoat, live-crossing about the latest political scandal. ‘Front-end’ Loder was the most handsome man in Canberra - he looked a lot like the Bondi Vet - and the greatest womaniser in the history of the Press Gallery. Women went through his life like planes transiting at a major airport. It never crossed my mind that he would marry one day. His announcement filled me with existential dread. If he had stumbled into the elephant trap of matrimony, I had no hope.
After absorbing the shock, I asked Bill if he was ready for marriage.
“Yeah, definitely. I thought, for a long time, that I got more out of relationships than the women. Untrue. They didn’t take me seriously. I was just a stop-gap while they looked around for a long-term partner. I was being used.”
He had a point. One of the planes - sorry, women - who transited through his life once told me that she appreciated the superficiality of their relationship. Bill was like a male escort who worked for free. 
So what? I’d have loved the role. “There’s nothing wrong with short-term relationships.”
“Yes, there is. I know it sounds trite, but I want one that nourishes my soul. It’s time for me to settle down.”
He’d lost his marbles. “Don't do it.”
“Why not?”
“Because, every day, I sit in a tiny prison cell looking out at the world through iron bars and love knowing that at least one man is out there roaming free.”
“I’m sick of freedom. It’s bloody tiresome.”
What the hell had gone wrong with him? Maybe he thought that, after years of indiscriminate rutting, he could spice up his sex life with monogamy. If so, he was delusional.
The wedding ceremony was held in a sandstone Anglican Church on a sunny Saturday afternoon. Bill wore a hatched Zegna suit and looked like a super-spy at a polo match. His bride, Iseult, looked radiant in a light-yellow dress that Anne drooled over and I lack the vocabulary to describe.
The wedding reception was held in the main conference room of a large Canberra hotel. A long bridal table paralleled the far wall. About 300 politicians, lobbyists and political journalists, and a sprinkling of relatives and friends, sat at 25 circular tables.
During my 20 years on the Canberra Press Gallery, I started as an insider and ended up as an outcast. My greatest sin was to break big stories about bad politicians. Newspaper bosses and my fellow journalists hated me for doing that. They regarded the performance of real journalism as a serious criminal offence. It spoiled the cosy arrangements they had with politicians and the political Punch and Judy shows they staged for the masses. I kept getting sacked until nobody would employ me. When I finally tried to kiss arse, it was too late. The best arses were taken and the rest not worth the trouble. I now ghost-wrote memoirs for sports stars and celebrities and engaged in citizen journalism when the right story came along. My reputation for breaking big political stories, without fear or favour, often persuaded leakers to whisper scandal into my ear. In other words, I was still a minor inflammation on the flabby arse of journalism.
Many journalists stared at me as Anne and I cruised towards our table. Several looked annoyed. They resented me hanging around the Canberra political scene and dabbling in journalism. They thought that real journalists worked for major news organisations, had prominent politicians on speed-dial, defended the powerful and held the poor to account. Their idea of in-depth research was to google for stories that other google-researchers had written. Needless to say, I welcomed their contempt.
I sat between Anne and Rick Begonia, the Chief of Staff of the Sydney Morning Herald bureau. I’d known Rick for a long time and had always enjoyed his acerbic comments about politicians and journalists, even though they came from the heart of the politico-media complex. His candour was quite disarming.
The internet had destroyed many newspapers and turned the rest into pamphlets. Jobs were scarce. Rick was one of the few people on the Press Gallery who could offer me one. After we’d chatted for a while about the current political scene, I delicately approached the topic. “Listen, mate, will you give me a job?”
An instantaneous reply. “Fuck no.”
“Why not?”
“Your past behaviour, of course.”
“I’ve changed. I’ve calmed down.”
“Really? You remind me of a dog I once had. It kept peeing on the carpet and I wanted to get rid of it. My wife persuaded me to give it another chance. I sent it to obedience school. Then the dog came home. Guess what?”
God, this was tiresome. “It peed on the carpet?”
“Yep. Didn’t learn a thing.”
“You’re saying that I’m like that dog?”
“Yeah. You’ll pee on the carpet first chance you get.”
I was not surprised that he used such a crap metaphor. His newspaper articles were littered with them. “How charming. You mean, you won’t offer me a job?”
“Correct. Anyway, if I gave you one, I’ll get fired on the spot.”
The thud I heard was another sod landing on the coffin of my career. “At least you’d have done the right thing.”
“Don’t make me laugh.”
I grew angry. “So, what happened to the dog?”
A frown. “That’s not important.”
“You mean, you had it put down?”
“Umm, nobody else would take it.”
“You know, there’s only one hero in your whole fucking story.”
“Who?”
“The dog.”
“Get fucked.” He turned and resumed talking to his wife.
Anne said: “What were you talking to Rick about?”
“I was cadging for a job.”
“Good. What did he say?”
“He was afraid I would piss on his carpet.”
“That was bloody rude.”
The main course was edible and no more. As the waiters carted away the dirty plates, the best man began his speech. Bruce Taggart was the number-two political reporter on Action Nightly News. He was less handsome than Bill and a better reporter. He made a lot of jokes about Bill’s amorous past and read out fake emails from famous women like Angela Jolie, Nicole Kidman and Charlize Theron who all thanked Bill for their one-night stands and wished he had married them. Bruce also warned Iseult that she would have to fight for time in front of the bathroom mirror and she should never touch her husband’s hair gels. Few realised Bruce was being serious.
I expected that Bill’s speech would have plenty of wit and dash. It didn’t. Instead of facing up to his licentious past, he tried to minimise it. “Despite my reputation, I spent far more nights at home, on my own, than you can imagine.” He also gushed over his new bride and vowed to love her forever. It was like watching a noble lion limp off to die in the shade. Kinda sad, really. 
While Bill talked, Anne cooed like a schoolgirl. At one point, she said: “Wow, he’s still incredibly handsome.”
Her attempt to make me jealous succeeded magnificently.
“Really? I think he’s showing his age. He used to go to the gym three or four times a week. I reckon he’s down to one or two. That’s why he looks so jowly. The tinsel is falling off, I’m afraid. He’s smart to get married now, while he’s still got a bit to offer.”
“God, you’re bitchy.”
“Just reporting the facts.”
“Well, I’d have married him if he asked.” A dramatic sigh. “Now, I’m stuck with my backup plan.”
I spent most of my relationship with Anne telling myself to not rise to the bait, then rising to it. “I’m your backup plan?”
She threw a tipsy arm around my indignant shoulders and gave them an amorous squeeze. “You were. Now, you’re number one again. So, stop complaining.”
The bride’s speech was much better than the groom’s. She joked about his history as a pants man and cited his nickname as proof. “People say he’s a hard dog to keep on the porch. Don’t worry, I’ll tie him to a post, if necessary.”
Everyone enjoyed her speech and laughed hard, except for Bill whose face went red. By the time she finished, I was half in love with her. Bill did not deserve her.
After her speech, she and Bill circulated the room, sometimes together and sometimes apart. Heavy alcohol consumption had deadened my senses. I didn’t hear Bill sneak up behind Anne and me. 
“I hope you two are enjoying yourselves.”
We spun around. He had a billboard forehead, an imposing nose and teeth that must glow in the dark. He was a media personality rather than a journalist.
I said: “Of course. You and Iseult gave great speeches. She’s got you worked out.”
He sat down and looked rueful. “Seems so. Frankly, I didn’t know about my nickname.”
“‘Front End’ Loder?”
He winced. “Yes.”
His ignorance was pretty frickin’ incredible. I’d heard the nickname so often that I half-expected to see it stencilled on his tombstone. “I’ve heard it, umm, a few times.”
“You didn’t tell me about it.”
“Didn’t seem important. I don’t think it defines you.”
“Maybe. But that’s a chapter of my life that I’d rather forget.”
Jesus, he was getting boring. I’d soon cross the street to avoid him. “Well, don’t let it bother you.”
A shrug. “OK.”
My bladder had heard enough. While Anne gushed to Bill about how wonderful the bride looked in her wedding dress, I rose and headed for the men’s bathroom located in the wide corridor outside of the conference room. I entered the corridor bursting for a pee.
A nervous female voice. “Paul, Paul, stop.”
I turned and saw Doris Mostyn, the deputy chief of staff of the Minister for Mining, Alex Underwood. She was a stout woman in her early forties. It looked like she had just followed me out of the conference room.
“Yes?”
After looking around nervously, to confirm we were alone, she stepped over to the door of a cleaning pantry which was slightly ajar. She pushed it open. “Step in there?”
“What?”
“Shut up and step in there.”
Most political staffers were child soldiers with smartphones. They learnt at university how to disrupt political meetings and smear political opponents. After graduating, they headed straight to Canberra to work for a politician. Their ultimate goal was to win a seat in parliament and become a cabinet minister or even prime minister. They would have to destroy plenty of rivals to achieve those goals. But they were up for the fight. They would throw their kids into a volcano to get ahead.
Doris Mostyn was a little different. She had spent about fifteen years working as a political staffer for various ministers and back-benchers, often as deputy chief of staff. She did not want a seat in parliament and still had a few scruples clinging to life in a rarely visited corner of her soul.
I got to know her quite well when I worked in the Press Gallery. I often contacted her about stories I was writing or bought her a cup of coffee to butter her up. I hadn’t seen her for several years. Yet, she had now invited me into a hotel pantry. Had she lusted after me for all these years and now wanted a quick shag? That seemed unlikely, though I couldn’t think of another explanation. It would certainly be fitting if, at the wedding of Bill ‘Front End’ Loder, I had a shag in a pantry. That would be a passing of the flame. Should I tell Doris that I only had sex in bed these days?
I said: “What’s this all about?”
“I want to speak to you in private.”
My heart raced. I loved people who did not want to be seen with me. Sex dropped off the agenda. She must have political dirt to spill.
“Why?”
“Shut up and get in there.”
I stepped into the well-lit pantry. Metal shelves were laden with cleaning products. She followed and shut the door behind her.
I said: “OK, OK, what’s this about?”
“I’ve heard you still chase stories.”
“If they’re worth the effort.”
“I’ve got one that’s definitely worth it.”
“What?”
She looked flushed and nervous. “It’s about a woman called Veronica Patterson.”
“Who’s she?”
“My minister’s personal assistant. She’s also a good friend of mine. She’s on sick leave right now.”
“Why?”
“The Minister beat her up.”
That news caught me with my gloves down. “He what?” 
“Beat her up.”
“Shit. Really?”
“Yes.”
“Why?”
“He’s a nasty thug. They’ve had an affair for about three years. They argued yesterday in her townhouse. I think she threatened to leave him. Anyway, he gave her a big black eye and a few other bruises. He’d hit her before, though not that badly.”
I’d only met Alex Underwood a few times and knew nothing about his private life, except that he had a wife and a couple of young kids who, I assumed, lived back in his electorate. But I was not surprised to hear that he was screwing the crew. Politicians rut like wild goats in Canberra.
I said: “How do you know he bashed her?”
“She phoned me yesterday and asked me to go over to her place. When I did, she told me what happened and I saw the bruises.”
“And she’s still at home?”
“Yeah. She rang up the office and said she had pneumonia. Now, she’s sitting at home on sick leave.”
“Is she going to see the police?”
“I don’t think so. She said she doesn’t want to get them involved. That would be a nightmare. But, when I spoke to her, she was angry - very angry. I said she should talk to a journalist.”
“If she does, she will destroy your boss’s career.”
A pained expression. “I don’t care. He crossed a red line; he shouldn’t get away with this. I have some scruples.”
As I said, unlike most of her colleagues, Doris had a nub of decency rattling around inside her. I sensed she would not countenance a man attacking a woman. However, I've got an extra gland that only pumps out cynicism. Maybe she also had a personal reason for sinking the ship on which she was a prominent crew member. Maybe Underwood injured her in some way? Refused to promote her? Made a cutting comment about her? Or was she just a political pyromaniac? There were plenty in Canberra.
I said: “Did Veronica Patterson say she will talk to a journalist?”
“She said she might; she would think about it.”
“Did you mention my name?”
“No, I didn’t want to pressure her. But I think that, if you go and see her, she’ll open up. She’s really angry.”
I was a journalist without a journal; I could not publish her allegations against Underwood in a traditional news organ. However, there were plenty of blogs, twitter feeds and alternative news sites on the internet that I could use to spread them.
“You could call her up and recommend me.”
A headshake. “No, I’ve done all I’m going to do. I’m already out on a limb and not going any further. You’ve got to take charge of this one.”
A shrug. “OK. Why didn’t you give this story to a mainstream journo?”
A sharp laugh. “Are you kidding? I don’t trust any of the mutts on the Press Gallery. They’ll betray me and bury the story. You’re, well, different.”
Doris had worked around Parliament House for long enough to know that politicians and journalists belonged to a single organism. If she leaked this story to a mainstream journalist, the journalist would tell his boss that she gave him the story and that boss would probably leak that information to Underwood. Then Underwood would persuade the boss to bury the story and give Doris’s career a lethal hotshot.
She said: “Will you go and see her?”
I was half-pissed and needed time to make a decision. Best to keep my options open. “Of course. You got her address?”
“Yes.” She reached inside her jacket, fished out a slip of paper and proffered it. “It’s written on there.”
I took it. “Thanks.”
She unbolted the door. “We never had this conversation, understand? Don’t try to contact me. I’ve done my duty. Good luck.”
I gave her a chance to vacate the area. Then I left the cleaning pantry and headed for the men’s bathroom. After evacuating my bladder in a cubicle, I sat on the closed toilet lid, stared at the slip of paper and wondered what game Doris Mostyn was playing. Hard to tell.
One thing was certain: if I told Anne about my encounter with Doris in the pantry, she would assume we engaged in some sort of drunken hanky panky. For that reason, I would keep Anne in the dark.



CHAPTER THREE

The next morning, the sound of someone snoring and groaning woke me up. I soon realised that the noisy bastard was me and I now had a bottom-of-the-cliff hangover. Jesus. My brain throbbed. Gangs of nasty thoughts cruised around and beat up any positive thoughts they encountered. I would have gladly accepted decapitation if the executioner knew his job.
Light forced my eyes open. I lay in bed with Anne beside me. The cracked ceiling needed another coat of paint. Magpies and kookaburras in the yard were singing heavy metal anthems. Little fuckers. 
What produced my hangover? I vaguely recalled attending the wedding reception of Bill Loder. The idea of Bill getting married seemed unreal. Did I dream that? No, no, it really happened. Then, after the reception, Anne and I went to a local bar with some of the younger crowd and tried to prove we were still young. Bad mistake.
I also remembered Doris … Doris Mostyn … shoving me into a pantry and claiming her boss, the Minister for Mining, beat up his mistress. I only recalled a few scraps of what she said. My memories of the rest had been locked out of my brain. I tried to drag them inside without success. Hopefully, when the hangover lifted, they would appear. But I would have to wait a long time to find out. In my youth, I’d have shrugged off this hangover in a few hours. Those glory days were gone. This hangover had plenty of stamina.
Anne wrinkled her forehead and opened a bloodshot eye. “How do you feel?”
A tiny lunatic clog danced inside my skull. “Like I got pushed off a cliff.”
A long sigh. “Join the club. You should have stopped me drinking.”
“I couldn’t: I was too drunk. Did we pay the babysitter?”
“I think so. I’ll call her later to check.”
A loud crash in the kitchen. Christ. Our six-year-old terrorist, Tommy, must have busted out of his bedroom. I did not want to move a molecule. But the kid might be burning down the house or sticking a wet finger in a power socket.
Gravity had got a lot stronger overnight. I heaved my carcass out of bed and, while trying to keep my head steady, spied a bunch of flowers on the dressing table. The bride’s wedding bouquet. I forgot that Anne out-muscled several women to catch them. A bad omen.
I shuffled into the kitchen. A pyjama-clad Tommy sat at the table smearing a peanut butter sandwich all over his face. “Hi, Dad.”
His unalloyed cheerfulness felt like a karate chop to the windpipe.
“Jesus, Tommy, it’s six o’clock.”
“I was hungry, Dad. We going bike riding this morning?”
“What?”
“Bike riding. You said you’d take me bike riding in the park this morning.”
Holy Jesus, that was stupid of me. “Yeah, yeah, of course. Watch some television for a while. Then, we’ll head off.”
His television consumption was strictly controlled. He looked wide-eyed. “I can watch TV?”
“Yup.”
I wiped his face and turned on the television in the adjoining living room. Actors in purple Styrofoam bodysuits danced around on the screen. Tommy blanked me out.
I went back to bed. Maybe, if I was lucky, he’d forget my promise to take him bike riding. I fell into a fathomless pit of darkness and woke with a finger stabbing my chest. Through a bleary eye, I saw a smudgy midget.
“Dad, Dad, when are we going bike riding? You promised me.”
I glanced at the bedside clock. I’d been out for a couple of hours and still felt coffin-ready.
I turned and looked at Anne. “Will you take him?”
She pulled the doona over her head and spoke through it. “Forget it. You promised him.”
This sucked.
“Come on, Dad, you promised.”
“OK, OK. Give me a few minutes to get ready. Go back and watch TV.”
“Sure.”
I stumbled out of bed and into the ensuite bathroom. Pain shot through my brain. Maybe I fell over and hit my head during the night. I examined my skull in the bathroom mirror. No blood or bruises. Hopefully, the contents were also intact.
After showering and slowly dressing, I went into the kitchen and drank a super-strong cup of coffee. It shoved me through the gates of Hell, then grabbed my collar and dragged me back among the living. 
Now only half-dead, I found Tommy lazing in front of the television. I took him into his bedroom, sat on the bed and ordered him to dress.
He did a good job. As he did up his last button, he said: “You OK, Dad?”
“Of course. Why?”
“You look pretty tired.”
“Slept too long, I guess. Let’s go.”
The weather outside was unseasonably cold and grey. I dragged our bikes out of the shed and we rode half-a-kilometre along a deserted street to a local park, where a bike track slithered between mighty pine trees. Every bump and crack in the track sent a jolt of pain up my nostrils, then through my brain and then down into my teeth. My stomach gurgled ominously. A few more memories of my conversation with Doris Mostyn drifted into my brain, but I could not process them. I needed a good night’s sleep, first.
While we rode around the park, Tommy was the Yellow Jersey leader and I was his domestique. After half an hour, we returned home. Still craving sleep, I hustled Tommy into the living room and told him to watch as much television as he liked. 
A startled look. “Really?”
“Go for it.”
“Wow.”
He flopped onto the sofa and operated the remote control with suspicious dexterity.
I returned to the bedroom and lay beside Anne, still fully clothed. She was unnaturally still. I hoped she was alive. I’d check when I woke up.
Sometime later, consciousness trickled back into my brain. I felt paralysed. Christ, did I have a stroke? Was I emerging from a coma? No, I went to a wedding reception and drank too fucking much. I was now paying the price.
I glanced at the bedside clock. Just after noon. Anne had disappeared. I heard her moving around in the kitchen. I climbed out of bed and shuffled out there. She was operating the waffle-maker.
I said: “How do you feel?”
She smiled. “Much better. You?”
“My life is over. I’ve got brain damage and severe depression.”
“You’ll survive.”
“Yeah, but in a mangled state.” I sighed. “I’m getting too old for this shit. It was a lovely wedding though.”
“Yes, it was. It’s too bad you won’t marry me.”
She got gushy whenever we attended a wedding and then pressured me to marry her. To placate her, I always said that I would and then dragged the chain until the idea was forgotten. I now put that strategy into effect. “Of course, we’re going to get married.”
“Really? When?”
“As soon as we can arrange it.”
A sigh. “You always say that, then backpedal until I give up.”
“No, I don’t.”
“Yes, you do. Every time I talk about marriage, you say ‘yes’ and then do your ropa-dopa thing. I’m sick of being messed about.”
“Don’t worry, I’m not messing you about.”
“Good, then you start making the arrangements.”
“Don’t worry, I will,” I lied.
A sigh. “I won’t hold my breath.”
Soon afterwards, Anne took Tommy to a birthday party and left me on my own. I sat in a sunchair in the backyard and dozed off. When I woke, an hour later, I felt only mildly seedy. I tried to read the latest must-read novel of the middle classes and soon gave up. It was another novel about an isolated individual trudging towards a lonely grave. Most novelists had given up on narrative and social interaction. This one certainly had. Her novel throbbed with meaning and proved that the bourgeoisie would drink urine on the rocks if they thought it fashionable. The novel was a fitting punishment for anyone who joined a reading group.
At the party, Tommy got high on sugar and ran himself into the ground. When Anne brought him home, she and I quickly fed him dinner and shoved him into bed. I usually read him a story to put him to sleep. When I was young, I loved reading the Biggles books and was now halfway through reading one to Tommy. He loved hearing about aerial combat above the Western Front. I just hoped the racism, sexism and imperialism of the books left no lasting impression.
The poor kid only lasted a few minutes. Just as a Hun pilot attacked Biggles out of the sun, he fell asleep. Damn. I wouldn’t find out what happened to Biggles until tomorrow. I closed the book and went out to see Anne.
She sat on the couch, in a tracksuit, clipping her toenails and watching a reality TV show called Celebrity Lifeboat. In the first episode, a dozen has-been celebrities were set adrift in a lifeboat in the middle of the Pacific Ocean. They had to catch their own fish and compete for drinking water. Hunger and thirst had already forced most to quit. Only three emaciated wretches were left, all desperate for one last snort of fame.
I said: “Jesus, do we have to watch this show?”
A frown. “Don’t complain. I use my brain all day. I’m entitled to watch some crap TV when I get home.”
A shrug. “Fair enough. But do you have to clip your toenails while you watch? That’s a pretty confronting sight.”
She waved the clippers at me. “Stop being a pompous git. You’ve got a hundred obnoxious habits that I kindly ignore.”
That was an exaggeration. But the true number was pretty ugly. I sat down and watched Celebrity Lifeboat. One of the demi-celebs was caught stealing water from his competitors and booted off the show. At the end of the episode, the two remaining contestants looked like scarecrows. But they were more afraid of anonymity than dying. The show was compelling viewing in a way that did no credit to anyone involved.
After Celebrity Lifeboat we watched, almost as an antidote, 2001 A Space Odyssey. I’d already seen the movie a few times. It was as inscrutable and boring as ever. Not a ray-gun or light-sabre in sight. Was it all a big gag?
We got into bed. I fell asleep and dreamed that I was floating in a spacesuit outside a spaceship. I knocked on the hatch and demanded to be allowed back inside. Anne’s face appeared in a porthole and her voice, oddly metallic, sounded in my earpiece. “I’m sorry, Paul, I’m afraid I can’t do that.”




CHAPTER FOUR

A man’s forties should be a time of rising status and income. Not mine. After Big Media ejected me from political journalism, I stayed at home for a few years and looked after Tommy while Anne supported me. She was a principal of a four-partner law firm and earned plenty of money. However, she eventually got tired of paying all the bills and demanded that I get a decent job with a decent wage. 
I reluctantly dusted off my Number One suit and went looking for one. Unfortunately, ‘working’ as a journalist for many years had made me allergic to real work. I refused to sit behind a desk, do boring or menial tasks, undergo performance reviews, take orders from a boss or sell my soul to a corporation. My dream job was a high-paying gig that required no work whatsoever. However, I was realistic enough to accept that I would never be appointed to the board of a big corporation.
The most suitable job I could find was ghost-writing the autobiographies of minor celebrities and fading sports stars desperate for one last swig of public attention. The job had plenty of drawbacks. Most people look down on ghostwriters. They regard them as hacks with no literary talent or self-respect. I certainly understood their attitude. I felt like I was wasting my abilities without really knowing what my abilities were. But I was, at least, my own man. I didn’t have to wear a suit, work in an office or answer to a boss. I also earned enough money to support my lifestyle, if not Anne’s and Tommy’s.
However, I was always willing - desperate even - to dive back into federal politics to uncover dimly lit political shenanigans. I loved the thrill of the chase, speaking truth to power and, of course, getting revenge on the bastards who ran me out of journalism. You don’t need a thousand journalists on the political beat to expose corruption; you just need one guy who believes journalism is a vocation.
I woke on Monday morning alone in bed. The previous evening, Anne had said that she would leave early for work. It looked like she had left already.
My hangover had lifted and my brain was clear. I huddled beneath the doona and recalled my conversation with Doris Mostyn in a cleaning pantry during the wedding reception. She told me that her boss, Alex Underwood, beat up his Canberra ‘wife’ who was also his personal assistant. Doris wanted me to chase the story.
I was unsure whether to approach the woman. On the plus side, I was pretty sure that Doris was telling the truth. She had no reason to lie. Further, if the mistress was prepared to allege, on the record, that a cabinet minister beat her up, I’d have a big story to tell. And, even if she wasn’t, she might give me some other dirt on Underwood. I loved disgruntled political staffers. They often knew the dark secrets of their bosses and were happy to divulge them.
However, I had misgivings about approaching the woman. Despite the rise of the Me Too movement, journalists hated accusing a politician of domestic violence. The facts were usually murky and it was highly likely that, if a journalist did accuse a politician, the politician would sock him with a defamation writ. The journalist would then have to run the gauntlet of harsh defamation laws and persuade a fragile and reluctant victim to give evidence in court.
I also wondered if I was getting too old to chase scoops for nothing. Maybe I should lay down my sword and shield and concentrate on … well … getting old.
Fortunately, I did not have to immediately decide whether to approach the woman. No mainstream journalist would beat me to her. As Doris Mostyn said, they were all too piss-weak to chase a story like this one. I would mull over my options for a day or two before making a decision.
Having set a firm course towards nowhere, I slipped into the ensuite bathroom, performed my toilette and showered. I put on a sweater and jeans and entered Tommy’s bedroom. A mop of hair and a pair of eyes popped out from under the blankets.
“Up you get, tiger. Time to face the world.”
He reluctantly climbed out of bed and jumped into his clothes. No shower for this lad. He scoffed down some breakfast cereal and I drove him to the local school. I have many complaints about the way my parents discharged their responsibilities. However, I’m glad they made me walk three kilometres to school every day, then back again. That regime made me hardy and self-reliant.
These days, kids don’t get that sort of exercise. The little darlings are chauffeured everywhere. Indeed, when I suggested to Anne that Tommy should start walking to school, she was affronted. “It’s too dangerous. Anything could happen to him on the way there. He might get run over or kidnapped.”
“I’ll walk with him.”
“Are you kidding? It’s two kilometres. He’s too young to walk that far.”
“Ethiopian kids his age run ten kilometres to school every day.”
“He’s not Ethiopian,” she said with unassailable logic.
Tommy always sat on a booster seat in the back of the car and spent most of the journey to school bombarding me with questions that would tax an Oxford don. I would be happy when he became a morose teenager who refused to talk. That morning, as I drove him to school, he said: “Dad, you write books, right?”
“Yes,” I said warily.
“What sorta books?”
“It’s hard to explain.”
“Do they have pictures in them?”
“No.”
“What are they about?”
“I write about the lives of other people.”
“Can I see one?”
I would be embarrassed and he would be confused if I showed him a book without my name on the cover. I would then have to explain that someone else took the credit for my work. I did not want that. “I, ah, don’t have one at home at the moment.”
“Will you get one?”
“Of course,” I lied.
“Great. I’ll read it, hey.”
“Sure.”
He sounded proud of me. That attitude would not survive.
After dropping him off at school, I returned home and tried to write the first chapter of the autobiography of Andy Stafford. I was proud of my ability to ghost-write an autobiography in only three or four days. True, the finished book was often a bit rough and ready. But that was a good thing. If the autobiography of a sports star or celebrity is too polished, the reader will detect the presence of a ghostly hand.
However, I had great difficulty starting the Stafford book. After wasting a couple of hours fiddling around with the first few paragraphs, I sat back and wondered what was wrong. It dawned on me that I did not want to write the book. Why? I pondered that question for about 20 minutes. When I had the answer, I mobile phoned my literary agent, Sue Prideaux.
A chirpy tone. “Hello, Paul. How’s the book going?”
“I’ve, umm, got bad news.”
“What?”
“I don’t want to write it.”
“You’re kidding?”
“I’m not. I’m sorry, I really don’t want to write it.”
“Why not?”
I described how, when I interviewed Stafford, he claimed to be deeply upset about killing the English batsman. Then, off the record, he made it clear he had no qualms about killing the guy.
“So what?”
“He’s a nasty dick who’s trying to project a false image of himself. I don’t want to help him do that.”
“Why do you care? Your name won’t be on the cover.” Her tone said the last person she needed in her life was a ghost-writer with a conscience.
“Normally, I wouldn’t care. But he killed a guy and doesn’t give a damn. I don’t want to help him hide that fact.”
“Look, the death of the Pom was a freak accident. That’s obvious. It’s highly unlikely that Stafford will kill another batsman, no matter how hard he tries.” 
“True. But that’s not what concerns me. His attitude drives me nuts. If I help him whitewash that, I’ll be insulting the guy who died and everyone who cared for him.”
A snort. “Fuck me dead. Are you serious?” Hitherto, she had always sounded posh.
“I am. I’ve got to live with my conscience.”
“You don’t really. You can ignore it if you want.”
“No, I can’t. Look, I’m no goodie-two-shoes. I know how the world works. But his attitude sticks in my craw.”
She was used to temper tantrums from novelists with big egos and small talent, not ghostwriters. “You’re a most unusual man.”
“Hah. My partner sometimes describes me as a ‘special project’”.
“I’m not surprised. So, you want to return this commission?”
“Yes.”
“You’ll have to return the advance.”
It was only $5,000 which, fortunately, I had not spent. “Of course.”
“The publisher won’t be happy. This will damage your reputation.”
“I know, I’m sorry.”
“I’m not happy, either. I worked very hard to get you this gig.”
“I’m sorry about that, too. This is not fair on you.”
“Got that right. Jeez, I never thought you’d give me this sort of heartache.” She obviously thought ghostwriters were sub-humans without a heart or soul. A long sigh. “OK, I’ll tell the publisher you’re pulling out. I’ll think up some excuse to soften the blow.” 
“Tell the publisher I’ve got writer’s block.”
“I don’t think ghostwriters get that.”
A good point. Maybe she should tell the publisher that I had to look after a dying relative. But I had no right to coach her lies. “OK, I’ll leave that to you.”
“Good.”
She hung up and I sensed that it would be a long time, if ever, before we spoke again.
After a long walk around the neighbourhood, during which I had a long night of the soul in the middle of the day, I decided to delay telling Anne that I had returned the Stafford commission. She would think my justification was childish and it would be difficult to argue against that. I would wait until she was in a good mood and then spring the news or, if I lost my courage entirely, try taking the news to my grave.
At 3 p.m., I drove over to Tommy’s school and picked him up outside the front gate. He climbed into the rear of the car and put on his seat belt.
As we drove away, I said over my shoulder: “How was school?”
He looked excited. “Great. I’ve got a girlfriend.”
That came out of nowhere. “Oh, what’s her name?”
“Bradley.”
“That a boy’s name?”
“Yep.”
“You mean, your girlfriend is a boy?”
“Yeah, I couldn’t get a girl, so Bradley said he’d be my girlfriend.”
Tommy was, at least, a problem solver. I hadn’t met Bradley and was keen to do so. He was a surprise packet.
“What happens if a girl - a real girl - wants to be your girlfriend?”
“That’s OK. Bradley said he’ll be my friend again.”
At least, if his ‘girlfriend’ was a boy, he could make fart jokes and throw rocks as often as he liked. Should I let this ridiculous relationship run its course or burst his bubble? Best to let it die a natural death.
I said: “I’ll leave that to you. But don’t marry him, OK? I won’t pay for a wedding.”
The kid saw the joke. “Sure Dad, I won’t. You’ve gotta marry Mum first, anyway.”
I caught that one right between the eyes. “OK.”
Anne thought Tommy watched far too much television and I agreed. But I had already caused myself a lot of damage that day and wanted to nurse my wounds. When we got home, I let him watch a cartoon show. I felt like a drug dealer destroying his life. He didn’t seem to mind.
I returned to my computer and idly channel surfed while wondering if I made the right move when I dumped the Stafford commission. I soon concluded that I did not and it was too late to unravel what I had done. The damage was done.
When I heard Anne park her car in the driveway, I switched off the television and started playing Lego with Tommy. I looked up, surprised, when she came through the door.
She beamed. “Hi, boys.”
She had brought home some Indian takeaway, which we all ate at the kitchen table. She was in a jolly mood and I was tempted to tell her that I returned the Stafford commission. However, as I feared, my courage deserted me and I said nothing. I would now try to take that news to my grave. The chance of me succeeding was vanishingly small.
After dinner, I tucked Tommy into bed and resumed reading a Biggles book to him. A swinish Hun pilot had attacked Biggles out of the sun. But Biggles did a brilliant Immelmann turn and shot the Hun out of the sky. Tommy chortled as the guy’s biplane plunged to earth in flames. I felt some sympathy for the poor guy, who got trapped in the wrong book.
Tommy fell asleep, dreaming he was an Ace of Aces, and I went out to the living room and found Anne watching television. The National Report had just started on the ABC. The programme screened every weeknight and combined in-depth news reports with lengthy interviews of prominent politicians. I was still interested in federal politics and watched it whenever I could. I rarely learnt anything of substance. But I saw the latest games the political class was playing.
I knew the presenter, Frank Moran, quite well. We worked together in the Canberra bureau of the Melbourne Age about 15 years ago. I predicted back then that his well-balanced mixture of confidence and foolishness would see him fail upwards, and was right. He now had one of the most prestigious jobs in journalism.
That evening, at the start of the programme, he announced that he would interview the Minister for Mining, Alex Underwood, later in the show. I would have normally greeted that information with indifference. Underwood was a fierce supporter of the coal industry and a fervent denier of man-made climate change. I had heard him rant on those topics many times before and did not want to hear him again. However, a few days ago, his deputy chief of staff, Doris Mostyn, told me, in a hotel pantry, that Underwood beat up his Canberra ‘wife’. That piqued my interest in the interview. His demeanour would not, of course, tell me whether he attacked his mistress. But it might provide a tiny hint. Further, I was not a juror who could only convict Underwood if he was guilty beyond a reasonable doubt; I was an opinionated TV couch potato who could condemn him on the scantest of evidence and reserved my right to do so.
Anne sighed. “Do we have to watch that turd?”
Her contempt for Underwood was no surprise. She was deeply concerned about climate change and the destruction of the environment. She even belonged to a green action group that was trying to save a koala colony and a bird sanctuary. Both were located just outside of Canberra. I shared her concerns. However, for a long time, I saw such grass-roots political activism as comic and futile. The big decisions that govern our lives are made by politicians in small back rooms. You have to break into those rooms to make a difference. However, I recently realised that most politicians are indifferent to ecological collapse and started to appreciate Anne’s approach. I might even join her at the barricades, one day.
I still hadn’t told her about my chat with Doris Mostyn in the hotel pantry. When I did, she would hate Underwood even more. But, if I mentioned it now, she would bombard me with questions and I would miss the interview. I’d tell her afterwards.
I said: “I know he’s a turd. But it’s worth finding out what the enemy is doing.”
A long sigh. “I guess so.”
The first segment of the National Report was an investigation into an aged nursing home that was really a for-profit concentration camp. Then Frank Moran and Alex Underwood appeared on the screen sitting opposite each other. Moran stared at the camera with invincible self-love. After briefly introducing Underwood, he turned towards his guest. I didn’t expect fiery questions or an agile interrogation. Politicians usually led him around by the nose. That was why they clamoured to appear on his programme.
He said: “Minister, Australia is the world’s biggest coal exporter. But coal emissions are a major cause of global pollution. Surely, it’s time to phase out the industry?”
Underwood was a commercial lawyer in Sydney before he was elected to represent a rural electorate in Federal Parliament. To appeal to his agrarian constituents, he pretended to be a horny-handed son of the soil. He spoke in a folksy drawl and loved being photographed doing manual labour on his hobby farm. Fortunately for him, he also had the doughy features and sun-blasted complexion of a battling farmer. His rustic shtick clearly worked. He was re-elected with a huge majority at every election.
One reason why he supported the coal mining industry was ideological. He truly believed that digging up coal and slinging it onto boats heading overseas was woven into the fabric of Australian life. It was an integral part of our national identity. Claims that carbon emissions from coal-fired power plants were destroying the planet were a left-wing fantasy.
However, he also supported the industry for more selfish reasons. It donated lots of money to his political party and he knew that, if he did its bidding, it would shower him with plum directorships and high-paying consultancies when he retired from politics.
He now glared at Frank Moran. “It would be stupid to phase out the coal industry. It is a crucial engine of our economy. It provides a lot of jobs and a lot of tax revenue.”
“What about global warming?”
“What about it? Even if you accept that climate change is happening - the experts do not agree - shutting down the local coal industry won’t stop that. Lots of other countries sell coal. If we drop out of the market, they’ll fill the gap we leave behind.”
“It’s a big gap to fill?”
“They will fill it.”
“Does this mean that your government will allow new coal mines to open and the expansion of existing ones?”
“We rule nothing out. Everything will be looked at on a case-by-case basis.”
“There are claims that you are too close to the mining industry.”
“That is rubbish.”
“Eric Tomlinson, who owns Consolidated Coal, is the leading figure in the coal industry. You attended the wedding of his daughter last year.”
A shrug. “I was invited and I attended; it would have been rude to say ‘no’; I am not rude.”
“A number of his former employees now work in your office.”
“They are there because of their expertise. Eric Tomlinson gets no favours from me. Nobody does.”
Moran was like a boxer who, after landing a few punches, dances off to the other side of the ring. So, I wasn’t surprised when he started questioning Underwood about the recent decision of the Chinese government to impose a quota on coal imports from Australia. Underwood spent five minutes bloviating about how the Australian government was negotiating to have the quota lifted and expected a good result.
By the end of the interview, they both looked bored with each other.
“Thank you, Minister.”
A satisfied smile. “Thank you.”
While watching Underwood, I idly wondered if he was the kind of guy who’d attack his his mistress. I sensed that his folksy shtick masked plenty of aggression. But it was impossible to know how far he would go. I was certainly not prepared to declare him innocent.
Anne said: “What a repulsive man. Doesn’t give a damn about the environment. And what a bloody hopeless interviewer. Moran was useless.”
“Frank Moran would talk a murderer out of confessing. You know, I recently heard some interesting gossip about Underwood.”
“What?”
“He’s been having an affair with his personal assistant - a woman called Veronica Patterson - and he recently beat her up.”
“Wow. Really?”
“Yup.”
“Who told you that?”
“One of his staffers.”
“Who?”
Anne was the only person I ever trusted with the names of my sources. “His deputy chief of staff, Doris Mostyn.”
Anne had never met Doris. “His deputy chief of staff?”
“Yes.”
“Why the hell would she rat on her boss?”
“She claimed that Underwood crossed one of her red lines.”
“Do you believe that?”
“It’s possible. Most political staffers have the morals of a virus. She belongs to the better-than-most brigade.”
“When did she tell you this?”
“At the wedding on Saturday.”
“Really? I didn’t see you talking to a woman.”
If I said that we chatted in a pantry, Anne would suspect hanky panky. However, I was reluctant to launch a cover-up when I had done nothing wrong. “We, ah, talked in a cleaning pantry.”
Eyes widened. “You what?”
I should have launched a cover-up. “We, ah, talked in a cleaning pantry.”
“What the hell were you doing in there?”
“Doris dragged me into it.” That sounded more incriminating than I intended.
“You’re kidding?”
“Nope.”
“Why?”
“She didn’t want to be seen talking to me.”
A suspicious look. “Or, maybe she wanted a bonk?”
“I promise you there was no bonking - none. She just wanted to tell me about the assault.”
Anne’s whole face generated suspicion. “Mmm. Alright, then, tell me everything she said - everything.”
I described my whole conversation with Doris Mostyn.
When I finished, Anne finally looked convinced. “Wow, that’s quite a story. How well do you know Underwood and Veronica Patterson?”
“I’ve only met Underwood a few times, in passing; I’ve never met her.”
“Do you think he did bash her?”
“Yep. I don’t think Doris would lie about something like that.”
“That sounds right, and Underwood looks like the sort of guy who’d thump a woman.”
“Hah. I think his environmental views have coloured your judgement.”
“No, they haven’t. The man’s an arrogant pig. That’s obvious. Did you see how he sat during that interview?”
“Sat?”
“Yeah, he’s a huge manspreader.”
I delicately tossed my right leg over my left to avoid a similar charge. “Really?”
“Yeah. I thought his balls would pop out of his pants.”
“I didn’t notice.”
“I’m not surprised: you’re a man. But half the population - the smart half - noticed immediately.”
“Sitting with his legs wide apart doesn’t make him a woman basher.”
“True. But it’s a sign. Shows that he likes to dominate people around him.”
“Can you cite any peer-reviewed studies that support that view?”
A scowl. “I don’t need them. I know.”
Anne would lynch Underwood if she could.
I summoned up some courage. “Do I, umm, manspread?”
A keen stare. “You’re usually OK.”
There was obviously some room for improvement. I’d have to be careful in the future. I scrambled towards safer ground. “What I should do about Veronica Patterson?”
“Go and see her and find out if she wants to go public.”
Anne hated me diving back into journalism and chasing scoops. I always ended up overstimulated and unpaid. But she would love to have a major climate-change denier exposed as a woman-basher.
“You sure?”
“Yep. Go and see her tomorrow. You’ve got nothing to lose.”
True. And, if I did torpedo Underwood’s career, Anne would regard me as a big hero. What a splendid novelty. “I will.”
“Good.” A hesitation. “You know, it’s too bad you’re not a woman.”
“Why?”
“When a woman has been beaten up by a man, she usually finds it easier to talk to another woman. Maybe your friend, Doris Mostyn, should have thought of that.”
“She probably thought the women in the mainstream media are just as useless and untrustworthy as the men. If so, she was right.”
“I understand that. Just don’t be pushy, OK? This woman has experienced too much male aggression. Be sensitive.”
I got annoyed. “Of course, I’ll be sensitive.”
A lopsided grin. “Really?”
“Yeah. If she doesn’t want to tell me her yarn, I’ll just turn around and walk away. I’m not doing this to promote my career, you know. That fell off the truck long ago.”
A smile. “Good. And don’t manspread.”
I’d be lucky if I got that chance. “Of course not.”
I realised that I had no idea where Veronica Patterson lived. Doris Mostyn wrote her address on a piece of paper that she gave to me in the pantry. Where the hell did I put it? I vaguely recalled stuffing it into a trouser pocket of my suit. Where were my trousers? Did I send them out to be dry-cleaned? Had steam turned the piece of paper into a soggy mess? What a crazy way to lose a scoop.
I suddenly remembered that I didn’t send them out, thank God. I threw them into the wicker laundry basket in our bedroom. They should still be there.
I dashed into the bedroom and rummaged through the basket. The pants were near the bottom. I yanked them out and stuck my hand into a pocket. Nothing. I stuck my hand into the other one and touched a folded piece of paper. Hallelujah. I pulled it out. Written on the piece of paper, in Doris Mostyn’s handwriting, was an address in Kingston, a suburb on the southern shore of Lake Burley Griffin.
I knew nothing about Veronica Patterson - not even what she looked like - and wanted to get some background before I approached her. However, the only person who could supply some was Doris Mostyn and she had refused to talk to me again. When I approached Veronica Patterson, I would be flying blind.


CHAPTER FIVE

Despite being more than 100 years old, Canberra still looked youthful. The city had no abandoned structures or historic ruins. Nothing was allowed to crumble or decay. Everything was tidy and well-designed. The city looked like it was built to completion, then a sprinkling of humanity was imported to stop it from becoming a ghost town. 
Spring usually pranced into Canberra in September wearing a technicolour suit and a big smile, and daubed the vegetation with riotous colours. That year, though, it was months behind schedule. A long spell of hot days and no rainfall had left the landscape looking bleached and tired. Everything looked dusty. Smoke from bushfires often wafted across the city. 
The next morning, I wanted to reach Veronica Patterson’s home as early as possible. I dropped off Tommy at school and drove straight to the address in Kingston that Doris Mostyn provided. I skirted around the lake and drove over a bridge to reach the suburb. Veronica Patterson lived in a townhouse positioned halfway along a row of ten. It was across the road from the Kingston shopping area.
Should I knock on her front door or waylay her in public? Which strategy would give me the best opportunity to do my salesman thingy? It was hard to decide. I desperately needed a cup of coffee and breakfast, and spied a cafe shop across the road from the townhouse. I would fill up there and observe the townhouse while considering my options.
The coffee shop had a low ceiling and tiled floor which made the hip-hoppy music zing about. It was like a dawn ambush. The only other patrons were a thick-necked guy with a blond crewcut, sitting beside the front window, and a young couple texting on their phones and making occasional eye contact. The front window faced the townhouse. I snared a table beside it.
A couple of waiters stood in a corner wiggling to the beat. One eventually approached. I ordered a strong coffee and a fatty pastry, which soon arrived. Though the coffee tasted like human ashes, it pumped another hour of life into my veins. The pastry took up permanent residence in my gut. While consuming them, I thumbed through a dead-tree newspaper and kept an eye on the townhouse. Veronica Patterson did not appear.
My impatience grew. Maybe she’d already left for the day? Time to switch strategies. After paying the bill, I crossed the road and walked up a short concrete path, between threadbare hedges, to her front door and pushed the buzzer. A ringing noise sounded deep inside the townhouse. I balanced on my toes, waiting. No answer. I pushed the buzzer again. Still none. Veronica Patterson had either gone out or gone to ground. Either way, there was no point waiting around. I’d return that evening to see if the interior lights were on.
I returned to the pavement and slouched towards my parked car. At the end of the row of townhouses, perpendicular to the pavement, was a low brick wall lined with letterboxes. One had Veronica Patterson’s address on the metal flap. Several envelopes protruded from the slot. The box was full. She probably hadn’t cleaned it out for several days. Why not? Had she gone away? It looked like it. But, if so, where?
Maybe she disappeared because she had a big story to tell and felt in danger. That possibility made me desperately keen to talk to her. If I stole the mail in the letterbox, I might find a clue as to where she had gone.
It is, of course, a criminal offence and, even worse, ungentlemanly to steal personal mail. So, I asked my conscience what to do. It told me, with no prompting, that I had a moral duty to swipe the letters. Veronica Patterson might be in danger. The public had a right to hear about any scandal she could divulge. Indeed, I should not have bothered my conscience with such a silly question. And, in any event, I did not intend to steal the mail. I would borrow it and, after perusing it in a private location, return it to the letterbox.
After glancing around to ensure no pedestrians were watching, I yanked out the envelopes protruding from the box and shoved them inside my jacket. But there were still some envelopes inside the box that I could not reach. The metal flap had a tiny padlock. I spied a broken brick under a hedge. I scooped it up and smashed it against the padlock, which fell off. The flap popped open. I dragged out the envelopes and also stuffed them inside my jacket.
I scurried along the pavement and jumped behind the wheel of my car. During my many years as an investigative reporter, I often courted danger and was now good at detecting its presence. My reptilian brain took charge. I scanned the vicinity. Through the windshield, I only spotted a few elderly shoppers shuffling along the pavement. Then I stared into the rear vision mirror and the two side mirrors. I was about to accuse myself of paranoia when I saw, through the curb-side mirror, a guy with a blond crewcut lounging against a telegraph pole 50 metres behind me, staring in my direction. I’d seen him before. Where? He looked like the guy I saw sitting beside the front window of the coffee shop. Yes, that was him. He must have been watching Veronica Patterson’s townhouse. And now he was watching me, curious to know why I bowled up to her front door. Bloody hell.
My reptilian brain told me to scurry under a rock. There were none available. While driving away, I kept an eye on the loiterer. He straightened up and loped over to the roadway. I shifted my gaze to the rear vision mirror. A Lexus sedan drove up and stopped beside him. He jumped into the front passenger seat and the car followed me. Shit.
Unfortunately, I was much better at detecting danger than dealing with it. I should have ignored my pursuers and driven straight home. There was no point trying to evade them. They must have noted my vehicle licence number. To discover where I lived, they just had to obtain my name and address from the transport authority. That would be easy for guys who stalked other guys along city streets. If they didn’t belong to a government agency that could access that information, they surely knew a computer hacker who could filch it. Even I knew one.
However, I considered none of that. My brain was stuck in flight mode. To confirm they were following me, I turned a corner and watched them do the same. I turned another and drove up a small side street through a tunnel of wattle trees. The Lexus stuck tight. I reached a roundabout and turned right. Still behind me. My paranoia was on the money.
To shake them off, I spun right around the next roundabout and drove straight back past them. Surprise coated their faces. At the next corner, I ran a red light, ducked in front of two cars and zoomed up another side street. That wiped the Lexus off my rear vision mirror.
Only then did I realise that my escape was pointless. They would soon know who I was and where I lived. Damn. Hopefully, after they obtained that information, they’d leave me alone and keep chasing Veronica Patterson. But I’d keep an eye out for them.
I calmed down and, while cruising home, processed what just occurred. I seemed to have stumbled onto a surveillance operation of some kind. Whose? Spooks? Police? Private players? The two guys thought Veronica Patterson was important for some reason. My best guess was that she knew some highly sensitive information. Was it just that her boss, the Minister for Mining, beat her up? Or did she have other damaging information? I suspected that she did.
Despite Doris Mostyn telling me not to contact her under any circumstances, I decided to phone her and ask what the hell was going on. The worst she could do was tell me to piss off.
She gave me her private number, many years ago, when we were quite matey. I parked under the shade of a tree, pulled out my phone and dialled it.
She answered quickly. “Hi, Doris Mostyn here.”
“Doris, it’s Paul Ryder, I …”
Her tone dropped below freezing. “Paul, I told you not to call me.”
“Other guys are chasing after Veronica Patterson.”
She lowered her voice. “I know. You should forget about this story.”
“Why? Who are they?”
“I can’t say. Things have changed since we talked. There’s a lot more at stake. Leave this one alone. It’s too dangerous.”
“Why’s it dangerous?”
Fear flecked her voice. “I can’t say. Just do what I say and don’t fuckin’ call again.”
She hung up and I realised that I was definitely on the trail of a big story. My pulse raced. Of course, if Doris spoke true, I’d have to cross dangerous ground to reach it. But, at that moment, any danger was abstract and remote. I had supreme confidence in my ability to handle it, when it turned up.
I parked in the driveway of my house and glanced around. No sign of my two pursuers. I went through a side door into the kitchen, where I sat at a table and pulled out the mail that I stole - sorry, borrowed.
It was much less exciting than I hoped. Some junk mail, a few utilities bills and a rates notice. A couple of envelopes had handwritten addresses on the front. I accidentally slipped a finger under the flap of each envelope and accidentally tore the envelope open.
Both contained birthday cards congratulating Veronica Patterson for her 32nd birthday. One was from a woman called “Jan” and the other from “Your bestie, Ruth”. 
My heart quickened. Maybe Veronica Patterson’s “bestie” knew where she went. Veronica might even be staying with her. The chance of either being true was slim, but I had no other options. I studied the envelope in which the birthday card had been housed. Ruth had quaintly written, on the back, her address in the Canberra suburb of Parker. Bingo.


CHAPTER SIX

The suburb of Parker sat on the eastern side of Lake Burley Griffin, close to the New South Wales border. At first glance, it looked like a standard Canberra suburb. However, closer inspection revealed that the houses were a bit older and more tired, and the gardens more ragged, than in most suburbs. It was a place where mid-ranking public servants gained a foothold in the expensive Canberra property market before upgrading.
‘Bestie’ Ruth lived in a yellow-brick bungalow on a large block at the bottom of a winding street. The set-up screamed that she was married with young kids.
I cruised past the bungalow just before noon. I had feared its occupants would be at work or school. However, a battered Toyota hatchback sat under the carport. I might as well find out if someone was at home; I parked against the curb, walked up a flagstone path strewn with brown leaves and pushed the front buzzer.
I waited for 30 seconds and was mentally retracing my steps to the car when the door swung open to reveal a massive guy with a thick mane of hair and a bushy beard, wearing a plain T-shirt and shorts. It was easier to imagine him charging into battle with skulls tied to his belt and smeared with woad than changing nappies and mowing lawns in Burbistan. 
I instinctively stepped back. “Hi, I want to chat with Ruth.”
His voice was also extra-size. “Who are you?”
I had to pump out information before he closed the door. “My name is Paul Ryder. I’m a journalist; I’m trying to contact Veronica Patterson.”
He scowled and stepped back to close the door. “Ruth’s my wife. We’ve got nothing to say.”
Christ. In other words, they had a lot to say but would not say it. I threw my arms wide and made the pitch that tabloid reporters make to grieving relatives. “Please, please, don’t shut the door. I’m one of the good guys. I’m here to help.”
He stopped closing the door and hesitated. “How?”
“I’ve heard that her boss, Alex Underwood, beat her up. I went over to her place to talk to her. Looks like she’s run away. I understand your, umm, wife is close to her.” I had some business cards in my wallet which bore just my name and phone number. I fished one out and extended it. “Look, take this. If you speak to Veronica, tell her to call me for a chat. I’ve been a political journo in this town for more than 20 years. Tell her to look me up on the internet and ring around. I’ve broken a lot of big stories. Nobody owns me. She can trust me.”
He eyed the card. “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
I waved the card. “Maybe, but take the card, anyway.”
He tentatively took it.
“Thank you, I’ll leave you alone.”
I strode down the pathway and the door clicked shut behind me. I got into my car with my neurons jumping. It was obvious that Big Hairy Guy and his wife were in contact with Veronica Patterson. Maybe, if I was lucky, they’d tell her about my visit and she’d give me a call.
Instead of driving off, I studied the bungalow. Maybe Veronica Patterson owned the Toyota in the carport and was hiding inside the house. I wanted to hang around for a while and find out. However, Big Hairy Guy appeared in a bay window and stared at my car. Best not to piss him off. I put the car in gear and headed home.
The mail I ‘borrowed’ from Veronica Patterson’s letterbox lay on the seat beside me. It would be dangerous to return it and dumb to carry it around. None of it seemed important, anyway. She would not miss it. One the way home, I stopped beside a rubbish skip and, after scanning the locale, used it as a post box.
For the rest of the drive home, I ruminated on that day’s events. Hopefully, Big Hairy Guy or his wife would tell Veronica Patterson about my visit and she would phone me. But my hopes were not high.
Just after three o’clock, I drove over to Tommy’s school and picked him up while keeping an eye out for a white Lexus. No sign. Hopefully, my pursuers were busy trying to find Veronica Paterson. 
When we got home, I planted Tommy in front of the television. I had expected to spend most of the week ghosting the autobiography of Andy Stafford and now had plenty of free time. After sadly neglecting our garden for years, it was time to act. I spent a couple of hours throwing manure onto dying plants in a desperate attempt to resuscitate them. I hoped they weren’t being over-treated.
When Anne got home from work, she asked if I had talked to Veronica Patterson. Since Anne had supported my attempt to contact the woman, she deserved a large helping of the truth, if not all of it. I described my tumultuous morning without, of course, mentioning that I stole some mail and used it to track down the “bestie” of Veronica Patterson in Parker. Anne was a lawyer, after all. They get prissy about overt theft, though not overcharging and overservicing.
After I described how the two guys watching the townhouse followed my car, and I had to escape from them, she looked excited. “Wow. But you’ve got no idea who they were?”
“That’s right.”
“It sounds like Veronica Patterson has got herself into hot water and is on the run.”
“Agree. I just hope we’re not also in hot water.”
“Why?”
“I bet my two pursuers noted my car licence number. It’ll be easy for them to find out who owns it.”
“So what?”
“They might come sniffing around here.”
“You’re being paranoid. They’ll surely concentrate on finding Veronica Patterson.”
“I hope you’re right. But keep an eye out for strange activity.”
“Will do. Are you going to keep looking for her?”
I certainly was. It looked like she possessed some information that was even more explosive than the fact that Underwood beat her up. “Of course.”
“Good. How’re you going to find her?”
“Don’t know. I’ve got to put my thinking cap on.”
I asked Big Hairy Guy to tell Veronica Patterson to contact me. But I didn’t expect that she would. I’d have to find her another way. Fortunately, it was very difficult, in the modern world, to disappear without a trace. Every time she used her phone, credit cards or bank accounts, she would leave behind an electronic spore.
Thankfully, I knew a university student called Kyle Barrett who was brilliant at hacking into databases and collecting that sort of information. He had helped me in the past because he was keen on my 20-year-old daughter, Rebecca, who still lived with my ex-wife and her diplomat husband at the Australian Embassy in Paris.
Unfortunately, Rebecca had acquired a hoity-toity attitude in Paris. She now thought she was too good for everyone back in Canberra, including her father. Hopefully, she hadn’t alienated Kyle and made him unwilling to work for me again. After dinner, I phoned his mobile number and was sent to a message bank. Damn. I left my name and asked him to call me back.
A few months ago, after I pulled another muscle while jogging, I decided to start walking around my neighbourhood for exercise. To relieve my nervous tension, I went for one of those walks. The weather was balmy and the last light was bleeding onto the western horizon. The sickly-sweet smell of wattle and gum trees, and the chattering of birds, lifted my spirits.
My usual route as an elite pedestrian took about 50 minutes to complete. After about 10 minutes, I remembered the two guys who pursued me that morning. Shit. Were they stalking me? Were they about to sidle up in a black van with tinted windows, jump out wearing balaclavas, and bundle me inside? I looked around anxiously. No sign of anyone. Chill out, dude. Chill out. Still, I increased my walking pace. The sooner I got home, the better.
My phone buzzed inside my jacket and made me jump. I then decided that Kyle Barrett had returned my call and relaxed. I fished it out and looked at the screen. An unknown number. Not Kyle. Who could it be?
I pressed “answer” and waited to hear a salesman speak in broken English.
“Paul Ryder?”
“Yes.”
“You came to my house yesterday, in Parker.”
Big Hairy Guy. Christ. My scalp almost detached. “Y-y-es.”
“We should meet.”
“Face to face?”
“That’s how people meet.”
I laughed nervously. “You’re right. Why do you want to meet?”
“I’ll tell you when I see you.”
I bubbled with excitement. He must have a message from Veronica Patterson. She might even turn up. Otherwise, why bother arranging the meeting? “Where do you want to meet?”
“Where do you live?”
“Ainslie.”
“OK, I’ll see you in the Ainslie Superbarn tomorrow morning at ten.”
I’d pushed a shopping trolley around the Superbarn many times. “Fine. Where in the Superbarn?”
“Anywhere. I’ll find you. Make sure you’re alone.”
“Sure.”
I ended the call and instinctively looked around to ensure nobody was listening. The street was empty. Dappled moonbeams struck the road. Insects buzzed and birds shrieked. No black van prowling about.
I quickened my pace and wondered why Big Hairy Guy didn’t tell me, over the phone, what I needed to know. Why the clandestine meeting? Did he fear that our phones were bugged or had he watched too many spy movies?
I turned a corner and was 200 metres from home when my phone rang again. I pulled it out. This time, the caller was Kyle Barrett. He apologised for not answering his phone earlier and asked what I wanted.
“Nothing. I’ve solved my problem. You can stand down if you ever stood up.”
“OK. How’s Rebecca?”
“She’s fine. You haven’t spoken to her recently?”
“No. The last time, she didn’t sound interested in talking and her voice had sort of changed.”
“You mean, she sounded posh?”
“Yeah.”
“Don’t worry. She’s a bit posh with me, too. She’ll get over it.”
“I hope so. Let me know if you need any help.”
“Will do.” I ended the call. Nice kid. Rebecca could do a lot worse, and probably would.
When I got home, Anne was watching another television programme that came with a mental delete button. She glanced up. “Good walk?”
Should I tell her about the call from Big Hairy Guy? I’d been unusually open with her about my pursuit of Veronica Patterson. But she might tell me that attending the Superbarn for a clandestine rendezvous was too risky. My habitual secretiveness returned. “Yes, fine, fine.”
“What are you doing tomorrow?”
“I thought I’d keep working in the garden …”

CHAPTER SEVEN
 
The Ainslie Superbarn sat in the middle of a huge car park beside a small shopping zone. The next day, just before 10 a.m., I parked in the car park and strode towards the entrance. I was so excited that I nearly forgot about the two guys in the Lexus. However, just in case they were following me, I glanced around. No sign of them.
The supermarket was about the size of a football field. Dozens of shoppers were pushing trolleys along its wide and well-lit aisles, wearing reverentially expressions as if in a cathedral.
The most open area of the supermarket was the fruit section, close to the check-out counters. Big Hairy Guy would surely spot me there. I took up station and, to look inconspicuous, rummaged through a pile of honeydew melons.
After a few minutes, I heard a booming voice. “Behind you.”
I spun around. Big Hairy Guy wore a black T-shirt stretched over heavy muscles. He held up a bulky paper bag. “I just grabbed some plums. You should buy some. Just in season. Very tasty.”
He acted like he attended cloak-and-dagger meetings every day. Who the hell was he?
I said: “Hi, umm, what’s this about?”
“My wife got in touch with Veronica.”
“She did?”
“Yes. Veronica wants to meet you.”
My right hand almost crushed a melon. “G-g-great. Where?”
“In Castleton.”
I assumed that Castleton was one of the many satellite suburbs of Canberra that recently popped into existence without my knowledge. My brain then ventured further afield. “You mean, the town?”
“Yep.”
Jesus. I’d hoped to meet her in a nearby coffee shop. Castleton was 900 kilometres north, close to the Queensland border. “Why’s she up there?”
“I don’t know.”
Alex Underwood represented the rural electorate of Tennison in Federal Parliament and Castleton was one of its biggest towns. I bet that Veronica Patterson grew up in the area and started working for Underwood in his electoral office. When she got into trouble, she quite naturally headed for the safety of home. “Where do we meet in Castleton?”
“Check into the Paradise Motel tomorrow or the day after. She’ll contact you.”
“How?”
“You’ll see.”
This felt like a bad spy movie. Should I ask for a codeword? “What’s this about? Why did she run away?”
“You want an honest answer?”
“Give it a go.”
“I don’t know. You’ll have to ask her. Good luck.”
As he turned to leave, my curiosity about him became a big itch. What did this huge guy, who seemed so comfortable attending a covert meeting, do for a living? Was he a spy? A cop? A soldier? “Tell me this: how do you earn a crust?”
He turned back. “Why do you want to know?”
A shrug. “Oh, just curious. You seem good at this stealthy stuff. Don’t tell me, if you don’t want to.”
A shrug. “I’m a public servant.”
That was a broad category. “What sort of public servant?”
A grin. “A librarian at the National Library.”
I didn’t see that coming. “Really? And, umm, what did you do before that?”
A wolfish grin. “Nothing. I’ve always been a librarian.”
“But, as I said, you seem to know what you’re doing.”
A crooked smile. “Don’t overthink this. It’s just common sense. Don’t forget the plums.”
He went over to a check-out counter, bought the plums and disappeared through the sliding glass doors, still wreathed in mystery. I realised that I should not have found him unusual. There were lots of exotic creatures swimming beneath the placid surface of suburbia. They are easy to see if you pay attention.
Instead of buying some plums - not a fan - I went straight home and spent the rest of the day organising my trip to Castleton. I also wondered how to explain it to Anne. I had to tell her that I would be meeting with Veronica Patterson in Castleton. But I didn’t want to reveal that I stole mail from a letterbox and that mail led me to Big Hairy Guy who organised that meeting. I formulated an explanation with a strong flavour of the truth.
When Anne arrived home from work, she asked how my day went.
I said: “Pretty good. I got a phone call from Veronica Patterson.”
She looked shocked. “Really?”
“Yeah. She found out that I was chasing after her. I don’t know how, but she did.”
Anne sounded breathless. “What did she say?”
“She wants to meet me in Castleton tomorrow or the day after.”
A puzzled look. “Castleton? You mean, up north?”
“Yep. I think she grew up in that area. Looks like, when she got into trouble, she headed for home.”
“Did she say why she wants to meet you?”
“Nope. Promised to tell me when she sees me.”
“Cripes. What are you going to do?”
“I’ve already packed my bag and I’ll leave tomorrow morning if that’s alright. Can you look after Tommy?”
She was used me leaving for a week or two to confer with the ‘author’ of a book I had to ghost-write. “Yeah, that’ll be fine. I’ll work from home some days and I’ll pay someone - maybe Jan - to look after Tommy when I can’t.” Jan was a university student who lived around the corner.
“Good. Thanks.”
“Be careful.”
“I will be.”
“And, when you meet Veronica Patterson, be sensitive.”
“Of course. That’s how I roll.”


CHAPTER EIGHT

The town of Castleton, pop. 12,000, lay 900 kilometres north of Canberra, just short of the Queensland border and 500 kilometres inland. I left home soon after 8 a.m. and drove north with the Pacific Ocean far to the east and the Outback far to the west. The sun bounced along the eastern horizon for a while before climbing like a heavily laden cargo plane. I expected the drive would take about nine hours.
The terrain I drove through should have been lush. However, it was in the grip of a drought, like most of the state. After a couple of hundred kilometres, it lost its green tinge and donned a brown mantle. The wheat crops looked malnourished and the sheep listless. Dry riverbeds crisscrossed the land. Only the gum trees looked resolute.
My soft, pink, water-reliant body would not have survived for long in that toxic environment. But it didn’t have to. I sat inside the car like an astronaut in a space capsule. The air conditioner tickled my face with gorgeous cool air while I listened to classical music on the radio. I smugly assumed that I was the master of Nature, not realising that Nature was waiting to strike.
I drove through a tiny town almost every 20 kilometres and a large one every 100 kilometres or so. Several times, a farmer or tradie in a huge four-wheel-drive vehicle tailgated me for kicks. I felt like a bomber pilot with a Messerschmitt up his arse. I was tempted to retaliate by tapping my brakes, but slithered into another lane instead.
I had planned to use the drive to take stock of my life. I would learn lessons, set priorities and chart new directions. I might even join modern man’s restless search for the meaning of life. But my mind went blank. I should, at least, have sorted out an agenda before starting the journey. Too late now.
I stopped in Dubbo, a large regional centre, around noon and ate lunch in a café. The coffee had a hint of rat poison and the food would have disgraced a low-budget nursing home. My snobbishness had already started to appear. The further I got from Canberra, the worse it would get. No point fighting it.
The terrain grew increasingly desolate as I got further north. Crops and grass became baked earth and even the usually valiant gums looked tired and morose. Bushfires had left behind vast stands of blackened trees. About 200 kilometres from Castleton, a couple of police officers waved me down at an intersection. They said there was a bushfire ahead and sent me on a detour that added about 100 kilometres to my trip.
Castleton sat in the middle of a wide black-soil plain that usually received good rainfall. The best land had cattle and dairy farms; the rest had wheat and sheep farms. That year, though, the drought had put all of the farms under pressure. Livestock survived on handfeed and the crops were barely worth harvesting.
White settlers first reached the area in the 1840s. After massacring most of the indigenous inhabitants, they established the tiny settlement of Castleton and numerous grazing properties. Twenty years later, a prospector found a significant gold reef near Castleton that attracted thousands of miners. During that gold rush, which lasted for 30 years, a number of handsome Victorian buildings were erected on the main street. They included a town hall, a post office, a courthouse and a railway station, as well as numerous wide-fronted shops with wrought-iron awnings and lacework balustrades. Many elegant Victorian mansions and cottages were also built around the town. However, the end of the goldrush signalled the end of the town’s architectural ambition. Most of the town was now littered with cracked and peeling weatherboard cottages sitting behind rotting wooden fences. Their front yards were decorated with cars mounted on bricks and household junk.
About 50 kilometres from Castleton, I joined a convoy of funky cars, campervans and caravans heading in the same direction. The occupants obviously planned to attend the Castleton Motor Festival, a three-day annual event held at the showground just outside of town. Prizes were awarded for the best-modified vehicles and best-restored vehicles. Drivers competed to win drag races or perform the best burn-out or best four-wheel drift. Those starved of culture could attend heavy metal concerts, a fireworks display or a wet T-shirt competition.
The event usually attracted about 15,000 festival-goers. Most stayed in caravan parks and camping grounds scattered around the town. However, some booked into the motels. When I phoned the Paradise Motel to reserve a room, the guy who answered said I was lucky to get one. The festival was starting in a few days’ time and he only had one room left which, by the way, would cost me $300 a night. Jesus. Was that a world record for a motel room? He’d obviously jacked up his prices to sting festival-goers. But I had to take it on the chin.
The night was falling as I drove down the main street and along a side street to reach my destination. I expected little and got less. The far-from-Paradise Motel comprised two long cinderblock buildings, lined with rooms, facing each other across a cracked car park. Half the neon motel sign was dead. Why did Veronica Patterson choose such a decrepit place for our rendezvous? If she wanted somewhere inconspicuous, she succeeded magnificently.
I parked against the curb and entered the reception office facing the street. The furniture was junk shop chic and the yellow carpet looked contagious. A dumpy guy in his fifties, sporting a comb-over and wearing a cardigan, sat behind a Formica-topped counter, typing slowly on an ancient computer.
The guy looked irritated. “How can I help?”
I identified myself and said I had a reservation.
His long stare made me uncomfortable. “Yes, you do. I spoke to you yesterday.”
Maybe Veronica Patterson had already tried to contact me. “Has anyone left a message for me?”
He glanced at a yellow pad. “Can’t see one.”
“Let me know if anyone does.”
“Of course.” 
Moving like a lemur, he made me sign some forms and provide my credit card details. If I scoffed lots of tranquilisers and quit drinking coffee, I would still move faster than him.
He gave me a room key with the number stencilled on a metal tag. “It’s at the other end of the motel.”
“Thanks.”
Another long stare. “You’re not here for the festival, are you?”
Should I mention that I was in town to meet a woman called ‘Veronica Patterson’ and ask if he knew her? No, best to be discreet while I got my bearings. “Correct. I’m here on business.”
He lowered his voice. “If you want my advice, stay away from the festival crowd. Nobody in town really likes them. I mean, we love the money they bring in, but they’re all hoons and bogans. They cruise around pumping out noise and fumes, and causing trouble. Bunch of fuckin’ philistines.”
“I’ll steer clear of them.”
“Good idea. But I warn you that this place will be a bit noisy for a few nights. Can’t stop that, I’m afraid. Just keep your door closed.”
Three hundred dollars per night! Christ. “I will.”
“Good.” He finally seemed animated. “They should have called off the festival this year if you ask me.”
“Why?”
“The drought. We don’t usually get bushfires this far north. But the drought has changed the whole equation. The bush around here is tinder dry. We’ve already had a few bushfires. There’ll be a lot more.”
“Will they reach the town?”
“I doubt it. But they might stop vehicles from getting in and out. There’s always a big bottleneck when everyone leaves the festival. That could be a lot worse this year.”
“I’ll try to get out first.”
“Hah. Smart move.”
“Anyway, I’d better find my room and get something to eat. Any good restaurants in town?”
A snigger. “Not if you’re used to Canberra restaurants. But I like the Chinese one - the Fung To - on the main street and the Royal Oak, next door, serves decent pub food. Otherwise, you can queue around the block at Maccas.”
“Thanks.”
“Don’t stay out too late. There’ll be lots of revheads wandering around town getting drunk and annoying people - particularly women.”
“Thanks for the tip.”
“Have a nice stay.”
I returned to my car and drove through a car park full of restored and souped-up vehicles. Heavy metal music blared out of several rooms. I surrendered all hope of a restful stay.
I parked beside a mechanical juggernaut with airbrushed artwork and lugged my suitcase into a one-star room. I was tired after the long drive and lay on a bed with springs like punji sticks. I hoped the bad smell did not come from me.
My stomach soon demanded dinner and I headed up to the main street. It was almost 8 p.m. Daylight was making its last stand on the horizon. A half-moon and a few stars had popped out.
The wide pavements of the main street were covered with awnings that had wrought-iron poles and Victorian lacework. Numerous men and some women strutted about. Most of the men had mullets, extravagant facial hair and macho tatts; the women had hair extensions, heavy make-up and feminine tatts. They all looked dressed to sit on a sofa and watch television.
Hotted-up cars with Australian flags and stickers rumbled up and down the street. Drivers rested meaty elbows on window sills and perved at female pedestrians. One cat-called a woman with long legs who gave him a finger.
I headed towards the Chinese restaurant. I had almost reached it when a tall and lithe woman with flaming orange hair emerged from a side street and stepped in front of me. Tanya Larsen! Bloody hell. What the fuck was she doing here? This was like bumping into an acquaintance in an obscure foreign city. My heart imitated a frog in a sock.
I first met Tanya about seven years ago, when I was the Chief Political Correspondent of the Sydney News and she was one of its cadet journalists. I saw she had plenty of talent and ambition, and tried to guide her first stuttering steps in journalism. She drained my journalistic juices with vampiric gusto - though no other juices, unfortunately - then proved to be a dark apprentice. When I snared a huge scoop and tried to hide it from my bosses - to stop them burying it - she ratted on me. I broke the story, anyway, and got the sack. She got a promotion. In the end, her betrayal cost me nothing. I was always going to lose my job. But it left a nasty taste in my mouth. 
Lots of journalists saw the Canberra Press Gallery as a stepping stone to more lucrative jobs in public relations or lobbying. She was one. The last time I met her, several years ago, she a public relations flack for a big mining corporation in Western Australia. She claimed that she performed truth-based advocacy on its behalf. That, of course, was a blatant lie. 
I shoved my heart back down my throat. “Hello, Tanya. What a surprise. What the hell are you doing here?”
She looked shocked. “Hello, Paul. I could ask you the same question.”
“You first.”
A shrug. “I’m attending the festival.”
“You’re not a revhead.”
“True. But I now have my own public relations business. The festival promoter is a client. I’m here to help him mould his message.”
I had no idea if that story - which sounded murky to me - was true. I just knew, from bitter experience, not to trust her. Her lying machine was a beautiful piece of frictionless engineering. 
I said: “You mean, you’ve given up on journalism completely?”
“Of course. It’s a dying profession. No money; no status; no future. I’m so glad I got out. What about you? You still ghost-writing?”
“Yup.”
“Then, what are you doing up here?”
I would not have told a close friend why I was in Castleton, and she was far from that. I intended to lie. But it was hard to convincingly explain why a city slicker like me was in such a remote country town. “I’m attending the festival.”
A loud laugh. “You’re not a revhead either.”
“I am, actually. I just never discussed it with you.”
“Bullshit.”
“It’s true.”
A penetrating stare. “Why are you being so secretive?”
“Why are you being so nosey?” 
A frown. “I’m not. Oh, forget it. Anyway. I’m looking around for somewhere to eat. You want to join me?”
I was strongly tempted. She was damn good-looking and very smart. I had lusted after her for years. I even found her ruthlessness oddly compelling. “Sure. I’ve heard that the Chinese restaurant over there is the best in town.”
“Good. Let’s go there.”
The Fung To had pock-marked paper screens, wall scrolls with faded calligraphy and a tank with seriously ugly fish. It was about half full. Most patrons looked like festival-goers.
A male waiter led us to a table at the back. We ordered a bottle of wine.
Tanya said: “Are you still in a relationship with, umm, …?”
“… Anne. Yeah. We’ve got a son.”
“Congratulations. Why aren’t they here?”
“They don’t like motor festivals.”
“I’m not surprised. You know, I thought you’d never settle down.”
“I have to pinch myself, sometimes. What about you? Married?”
“Not even close. Still single.”
That was good to know for a reason I pushed away. I glanced through the menu and saw all of my favourite dishes. The waiter returned with the wine and we ordered some food.
As he retreated, Tanya leaned forward, conspiratorially. “I’m so glad I ran into you. I’ve always wanted to apologise for, umm …”
“… stabbing me in the back?”
“Well, yeah. I was young and, I guess, over-ambitious.”
Her apology surprised me. On the few occasions we’d met since that time, she had treated her betrayal as a bit of a joke. Now, seven years later, she had apologised. A new-found maturity? Or was I being set up for another fall? I would assume the latter until convinced otherwise.
“You mean, you wouldn’t act the same today?”
“Of course not. I’ve learnt my lesson.”
“Good. Then forget about it.”
“Thanks.” She leaned forward. “So, you’re still ghost-writing?”
“Yep, when the work comes along.”
“But you still dabble in journalism, right?”
“What do you mean?”
“I’ve been keeping an eye on you. Every so often, you dig up a big scandal. I mean, look what happened in Western Australia. You turned up to ghost-write a book and ended up destroying the mining corporation I worked for. In fact, you cost me my job.”
“No, I didn’t. The corporation was always going to collapse and you were always going to lose your job.”
A shrug. “Maybe, but you accelerated those things. You had to snoop around, didn’t you?”
I had an icky feeling that her sudden appearance in my life was no accident. What game was she playing? I tried to lay a false trail. “Yes, but I’ve wised up since then. I’m right out of journalism.”
She arched a tweezered eyebrow. “Really? I reckon you’re up here chasing a story.”
Was that a brilliant intuition or did she already know I was in Castleton to meet Veronica Patterson? I knew that two guys were chasing after Veronica. Was Tanya in their camp? “Hah, that’s ridiculous. You don’t find big stories in places like this.”
A steady gaze. “You’d tell me if you were, wouldn’t you?”
I looked her right in the eye and produced a beautifully packaged and gorgeously handcrafted lie. “Of course, I would.”
The food arrived and we ate, drank and gossiped about our time in the Canberra bureau of the Sydney News. I tried, a couple of times, to get her to name the clients of her new business, besides the festival promoter, but she changed the topic. The rest of the time, she was good company. The ruthless and truthless side of her character faded into the background and the entertaining and funny side came forward.
It was a long time since a good-looking woman, besides Anne, had listened to my stories and laughed at my jokes. Tanya even batted her eyelashes and stroked my arm a couple of times. I felt young and single again. After a long absence, my libido broke the surface like a breaching whale. It dawned on me that I might not spend the night alone.
I had a history of unfaithfulness to women. My only marriage shattered on the rock of my infidelity. My wife caught me cheating, forgave me, caught me again and did not forgive me. I even cheated on Anne once during the early days of our relationship though, fortunately, was not caught.
However, since that escapade, I had kept my cue in the rack. There were several reasons for that. One was that I loved Anne and knew I’d never find a better partner. If she caught me cheating and gave me the boot, I’d lose her and become an access dad to Tommy. That would be devastating.
My other reasons for converting to fidelity were more mundane. Having an affair is an enervating and time-consuming activity. I was getting too old to sneak around like a seedy spy on a cold-war espionage mission. Affairs are also expensive. The ‘other woman’ always expects the man to pay for everything. I earned a meagre income from ghost-writing and handed most of that over to Anne. Conducting a decent affair was beyond my means.
However, few of those constraints applied in the present situation. True, I still loved Anne - thought I started to recall how sarcastic and annoying she could be - and didn’t want to betray her. But I was a long way from home. If I slept with Tanya, I wouldn’t have to sneak around to avoid detection and wouldn’t have to spend much on meals in a place like Castleton.
I told myself that bonking Tanya would be my last fling and would expunge my lingering lust for other women. Thus, if I slept with her, I would actually be doing Anne a favour. I did not find that justification entirely convincing. But the more wine I drank, the more plausible it seemed.
After we finished eating, I insisted on paying the bill, which was gratifyingly small. She did not protest. After I’d paid, we strolled out onto the pavement.
She put her hands on her hips to signal her total control over me. “Where are you staying?”
My heart thumped. God, she had sexy eyes. “Oh, umm, a motel around the corner. It’s pretty lousy. What about you?”
“A hotel near here. Not great either. Want to head up to my room for another drink?”
Jesus. I turned to quivering jelly. Hormones rushed to seize the command-and-control centre of my brain. I had always wanted to sleep with Tanya. Surely, I should grab this chance. But nagging doubts held me back. I sensed she had an ulterior motive and didn’t want to be in her debt. My fickle decency also surfaced. I had been with Anne for more than seven years now. We had a son. She deserved better treatment. Grow up.
My throbbing hormones told me to override those concerns. They had almost seized control of my brain when my tiny, beleaguered conscience spoke up. “Ah, I’d better not. Not tonight, anyway.”
Her frown said that men did not spurn her. “You sure?”
Of course, I wasn’t sure. I was in terrible pain. “Ah, yes. I’m exhausted after my long drive. Maybe another night.”
A puzzled look. “You always surprise me.”
“I surprise myself,” I squeaked.
A shrug. “OK. You’ve got my phone number. If you want a drink, give me a call. I’ll only be here a couple more nights.”
“S-s-sure.”
She turned and disappeared into the side street from which she earlier emerged. Maybe I should chase after her and agree to have a drink in her room? Nope, too late now. 
As I headed back to the motel, my hormones held an angry protest rally before finally dispersing. I tried to make sense of my encounter with Tanya. Castleton was a speck on the map. Yet, she appeared out of nowhere and suggested we dine together. When we did, she cross-examined me about why I was in town. Then she finally decided, after many years, to drag me into bed.
Was she really in Castleton to work for the promoter of the motor festival? Or did she belong to the growing number of people chasing after Veronica Patterson? I suspected the latter and intended to proceed on that assumption.
When I got back to my room, I pulled out my laptop and searched the internet for the public relations firm that Tanya claimed to operate, without success. It either did not exist or was quite secretive. Both possibilities were plausible.
In an attempt to relax, I watched a rugby league game on television. But my interest in televised sport was in serious decline. The players and the teams, and even the seasons, had all become an indistinct blob. Even the scandals and the hype seemed on an endless loop.
I kept thinking about my rejection of Tanya’s invitation to visit her hotel room. Was that a sign of maturity or a ridiculous rejection of harmless fun? There was no easy answer.



CHAPTER NINE

At times, during the night, it sounded like a major riot was underway just outside my motel room. I heard lots of yelling and screaming, loud music, operatic vomiting and even a couple of fist-fights. Vehicles rumbled in and out of the car park. From further afield came the sounds of revving engines, squealing brakes and police sirens. Car fumes wafted through the creaky air conditioner into my room. The only thing missing was gunshots. I half-expected that a gang of thugs would smash down my door and beat the hell out of me, purely for fun. The town was not, just then, a good location for a family holiday.
The frenzy abated around 3 a.m. and I slept fitfully until 7 a.m. when the sun reached through the threadbare curtains and poked me in the eye. I tried to steal some more sleep, but the light was too bright and this was, hopefully, the day that Veronica Patterson tried to contact me. I’d better get ready.
I showered in the grout-stained bathroom and, to impress Veronica Patterson, donned my best sports jacket and a pair of well-ironed grey slacks. Nobody likes handing over politically sensitive information to a slob.
My tummy demanded food. I could dash up to the main street and breakfast in a cafe, and risk missing her visit, or wait for her with an empty stomach. Breakfast took priority. I was looking for my keys and wallet when I heard a knock on the door.
Nerve endings ignited. Shit. Was she at the door? Or were the two guys I saw outside her townhouse? Or a drunk car-nut returning to the wrong room? “Who is it?”
A male voice. “Are you Paul Ryder?”
“Who are you?”
 “Tim Patterson. I’m with Dave Patterson. We’re Veronica’s brothers. She sent us to pick you up. Let’s go.”
I’d expected her to contact me in person. However, on reflection, I was not surprised that she sent this pair. She grew up in the area. It was plausible that she had brothers living nearby and, for safety’s sake, arranged for them to pick me up.
I was tempted to make them slide some ID under the door. But that would get our relationship off to a rocky start. I tentatively opened the door. With first one eye, then both, I stared at two stocky guys in their thirties with weather-beaten faces. They wore the standard garb of farmers dressed for town: Akubra hats, check cotton shirts, moleskin trousers and RM Williams boots. Neither was the blond guy I saw watching Veronica Patterson’s townhouse. Both looked remarkably relaxed.
The taller one spoke in an achingly slow drawl. “Hi, I’m Tim; this is Dave.”
“Hi.”
“You’re Paul Ryder?”
“Yes. Why isn’t Veronica here?”
“It’s safer if we take you to see her.”
“Safer? What’s she afraid of?”
“She’ll explain when you see her.”
I wanted to know now, but was not in a position to make big demands. “Where are we going?”
“You’ll see. It’s about 40 minutes from here.”
Should I go with them? Did they mean me harm? My florid imagination went into overdrive. Maybe they’d drive me into bushland and make me dig my own grave. My chest turned into a beehive.
Breath, breath. Stop being irrational. These guys looked and sounded like emissaries from Veronica Patterson. I could demand that she come to the motel. But they’d probably tell me to piss off and I’d lose the story - whatever it was - that I was chasing. Indeed, the many hoops that Veronica Patterson was asking me to jump through suggested it was a damn big story.
Time to wear my big-boy pants. “A-a-alright. Let’s go.”
“Good. Follow us.”
“Let me get my phone and wallet.”
“OK.”
I shoved those items inside my jacket and followed the two men as they ambled across the car park. I had to constantly tap on the brakes to stop bumping into them.
I scanned the car park for suspicious activity and saw none. There was also no trace of the previous night’s civil disturbances. They seemed like a bad dream.
Tim glanced over his shoulder and noticed my behaviour. “Expecting someone?”
Though he looked sleepy, he was not dumb.
I said: “No, no.”
“Good.”
He stopped beside a four-door Holden pickup - not the Lexus I saw outside the townhouse, thank God.
Tim said: “Here we are. Sit in the back.”
I sat on the back seat and Dave pushed in beside me. He was plainly my minder.
Tim sat behind the wheel, beside an old Kelpie with reddish eyes, and glanced over his shoulder at me. “Say hello to Fritz. Best sheepdog I’ve ever had. Won lots of prizes. He’s retired now, though he can still bunch a flock better than any of my other dogs.”
I swallowed my pride. “Hello, Fritz.”
Fritz gave me a doleful stare. 
Tim stroked the dog. “Fritz, meet Paul. He’s from Canberra, so you can bite him if you want.”
Tim and Dave laughed. Fritz yawned.
Tim drove the pickup out of the motel and along the main street before turning right. The new road bisected crappy weatherboard cottages that somehow got shabbier as we approached the edge of town. Poverty oozed out of them. The pickup then crossed a railway line and entered open country. Long strips of scrub separated the road and scorched farm paddocks with lethargic livestock. Nature was fighting for survival.
After a couple of kilometres, Tim turned onto a rough dirt road again lined with strips of scrub and paddocks beyond. The vehicle rattled and rolled as it churned up dust that spiralled into the air. The road twisted over several small hills. An expanse of thick bushland appeared about a kilometre to our right.
Dave broke the silence. “You’re a journalist, right?”
No point parsing my twilight status in the profession. “Yes.”
“TV or radio?”
“Print, actually.”
“Shit. I haven’t read a newspaper for years. Which one do you work for?”
“None in particular. I work, umm, freelance.”
“Oh, and you’re from Canberra, right?”
“Yes.”
“I’ve only been there a few times. What a waste of money. Can’t believe my taxes keep all those pollies and public servants sitting around on their fat arses.”
I bet that, like most farmers, he paid no tax at all. “Someone’s got to make sure our food is safe to eat and schools and roads get built.”
“Don’t need a whole city to do that. They only really make one thing in Canberra. Guess what.”
“What?”
“Big fat lies. Hah, hah.”
He seemed to embody the many contradictions of country folk. He was bright within narrow limits; he worked hard but moved slowly; he hated big government but loved government subsidies; his word was his bond, but only to people in his community.
Maybe, if I kept them talking, they’d cough up some useful information. “You’re both farmers, right?”
Dave said: “Yeah. We’ve each got a farm.”
“Are you taking me to one?”
“You’ll see.”
“Veronica comes from up here, right?”
“Of course. Our parents had a farm. We all grew up on it. In fact, Pattersons have been farming in this area for over a hundred years. There are lots of us scattered around here. We’re kinda like a clan.”
“I suppose she started working for Alex Underwood in his electoral office?”
A wilted smile. “You’ll have to ask her about that, pal.”
I shifted to a safer topic. “The land looks dry.”
Dave finally sounded animated. “Worst weather I’ve ever seen. Everything’s usually green at this time of year. But for the last few years it’s been bone dry. I’ve always loved the sound of rain on a tin roof. Long time since I’ve heard it. A lot of local farmers wonder if they’ve got a future.”
“What’s causing the drought?” I said diplomatically.
“You know, I used to think the pointy-headed scientists were talking crap about climate change. Thought that was horseshit. Not anymore. It makes sense, doesn’t it? You pump a lot of shit into the atmosphere and something’s gotta give. A lot of farmers around here still think there’s nothing wrong. I’ve got smarter sheep.”
Tim stared into his rear-vision mirror and lost his drawl. “I think we’re being followed.”
Dave and I turned and looked through the rear window. I only saw the plume of dust that our vehicle had kicked into the air.
Dave said: “Can’t see nothing.”
“The car’s a long way back, right now. I saw its dust a few times. Then I slowed down and waited for it to come over a hill. Got a good look at it. It’s a white car - a Lexus, I think.”
A Lexus. Damn.
Dave said: “What the hell’s a Lexus doing out here?”
“Good fuckin’ question. Nobody out here drives one. I’d laugh my tits off if they did.” Tim glanced over his shoulder at me. “So, Mr Journalist, who’s following us?”
I could mention that I saw two guys, who drove a Lexus, watching Veronica Patterson’s townhouse. But I didn’t want to get impaled on the truth. “I’ve got no idea.”
“Really? In the motel car park, you looked around a lot. Were you looking for your buddy in the Lexus?”
“Of course not. I’ve got no idea who’s driving that car.”
Dave leaned towards his brother. “What’re we gonna do? We’ve got the shotty in the back. We could use it to stop the Lexus and see who’s inside.”
His menacing voice reminded me that these two guys lived in a world saturated with violence. They inflicted it on farm animals every day and could easily inflict it on humans.
Tim said: “Don’t be stupid. We shoot someone, we go to gaol. That’s the last resort.”
“Then what do we do?”
“Well, we sure as hell can’t take this guy to see Veronica - that’s off.”
I said: “I’ve got no idea who’s behind us - none.”
Tim said: “I don’t believe you.”
“Then, you’d better take me back to the motel.”
“Can’t do that. We’d have to go back past the Lexus. You don’t deserve a ride back, anyway. So, we’re gonna let you out right here. Ask your pal in the Lexus to take you back to the motel.”
Oh shit. “He’s not my pal. You’ve got this completely wrong.”
Tim pulled over to the side of the road and stopped. “Maybe, but we’re not taking any chances. Get out.”
“No.”
For some strange reason, I gave the sheepdog an imploring look. It stared back with rheumy eyes.
Tim jumped out of the car, opened my door, grabbed my collar and dragged me out like a recalcitrant sheep. Shit, he was strong. I hadn’t noticed his meaty forearms.
I ended up on my arse in the dirt. “You can’t do this; you can’t.”
“Already done, mate. Hoo-roo.”
Tim climbed back behind the wheel and the pickup squealed away, leaving me to choke on chalky dust. Hell. I rose to my feet and looked back down the road through the thinning dust cloud. A white Lexus trickled over a small hill and headed towards me.
I was stuck in the middle of a high-stakes game I did not understand. Were the guys in the Lexus friends or foes? I had an ominous suspicion they meant me harm.
I’d often encountered danger while investigating political skulduggery. My standard response was to forget about my self-respect and reputation, and run like hell in the opposite direction. No reason to act differently this time. I looked around. On the other side of the dirt road was a wide paddock that disappeared over a small hill; on my side was a narrow paddock with thick bushland beyond it. The bushland was the only place I could hide. After the Lexus disappeared, I would return to the road and hitch a ride back to Castleton.
The Lexus was 500 metres away and accelerating fast. The fence around the narrow paddock was 100 centimetres high. It had long strands of wire stretched between thick timber posts. The top strand was barbed wire. I dashed over to a post and vaulted over the fence. The barbed wire ripped my trousers and cut my right leg. Shit. I landed in a heap and glanced down at the leg. Some blood. Not too much. I should be OK. 
The paddock was about 80 metres wide. Several torpid sheep munched shin-high stubble, indifferent to the unfolding drama. I set off across the paddock with superhuman strength. However, after a dozen strides, my body remembered that, for a couple of months, my only exercise had been walking around my neighbourhood. My lungs caught fire and my legs turned to rubber. A sheep appeared in front of me. Bloody hell. We both sidestepped in the wrong direction and collided. I stumbled and kept running. The sheep ran off into the wings, still bleating. 
By the time I reached the fence on the other side of the paddock, I was running up and down more than forward. The Lexus squeal to a stop. Doors slammed. A male yelled. “Stop, stop.”
I was tempted to turn around. No, get over the fence first. I headed straight for a thick timber post with wheezing lungs. A spurt of fear helped me clear the fence without snagging anything.
I landed on my arse and looked back, gasping for breath. Two big men, wearing dark work jackets and jeans, stood in front of the Lexus staring at me. One was the guy with the blond crewcut I saw outside Veronica Patterson’s townhouse. He held a metal object the shape and size of a pistol. My God.
He yelled. “Stop. Stop.”
Not fuckin’ likely. High-octane adrenalin gave me fake strength. I scuttled behind a huge paper gum and looked back across the paddock. Blondy vaulted over the fence with wondrous disdain for gravity and headed towards me. He held a pistol alright. His pal also soared over the fence and was just behind him. Christ. Nothing friendly about these guys.
I turned and ran through tall paper gums and thick undergrowth. The paddock disappeared. I scrambled up a small hill and ran along its crest for a couple of hundred metres until my lungs started to melt. I dropped behind a rock and desperately hoovered up stray specks of oxygen. It took a couple of minutes to douse the fire in my chest. I scanned the vicinity. No sign of my pursuers. My breathing softened and my heart stopped thumping. I heard indistinct human voices in the distance. Getting closer? I couldn’t tell. I’d better keep moving.
After striding across a wide flat area packed with gums, I sat on a fallen log and listened intently. No human voices or footsteps. I seemed to have shaken off my pursuers. To be sure, I watched and listened for another 10 minutes. Still no hint of them. Time to return to the road and hitch a lift back to town.
At that point, I realised that I had no idea where the road was. I did not run far. But I was in such a panic that I ignored my surroundings. The road could be in any one of four different directions. Holy shit. I was lost. Absolutely fucking lost. You idiot. You moron. Every gum tree I could see was smarter than me.
Surely, though, if I composed myself and concentrated hard, I would remember the route I took. I spent five minutes mentally reconstructing it. Then I walked back along it for 200 metres, trying to spot familiar gum trees. I soon realised that all gums look alike. Christ. This wasn’t the route I took. I was even more lost than before. The bush had swallowed me whole and was starting to digest me.
I gulped down rising panic. My watch said it was only 8.30 a.m.. Despite that, the day was already hot. I had eaten no breakfast and had no food or water. I had crash-landed my spaceship on a hellish planet in an unknown galaxy. Maybe I should phone Anne and ask her to send a rescue party. But there was no point. Even if my call got through, which was unlikely, I could not provide my location. I would just frighten her to death for no reason. Further, despite my desperate predicament, I was loath to confess that I was lost in the bush. She would be furious with me. I would only try to contact her when I was at death’s door, to say farewell. She would be more emollient if she knew I was about to croak. 
Despair clogged my throat. Less than an hour ago, I sat in a shabby but safe motel room. Now, I was locked in mortal combat with a placid killer. I would soon be a pile of bones in a shitty corner of nowhere. I’d mocked Nature once too often. It was hitting back, hard.
When I was about 13, my parents said I should join the Boy Scouts to go camping and learn bush-survival techniques. My father even said, without much conviction, that spending time in the bush would make ‘a man’ out of me. I point-blank refused. The prospect of clumping around in the bush, sleeping with my head on a rock, crapping in the open and forsaking the internet appalled me. As a consequence, I had no bush survival skills whatsoever. I could not trap wild animals for food, find hidden waterholes or start an outdoor fire without a blow-torch. I wasn’t even properly dressed for bushwalking. I wore an expensive sports jacket and a pair of neatly creased slacks, for God’s sake. How did I fuck up so badly? Kookaburras perched in the gums laughed at my crushing stupidity.
I had only two options. The first was to lie down and wait for the end. That had some appeal. My willpower was already running on fumes. However, it was too early to throw in the towel. The second was to head in one direction, using the sun as a guide, and hope to stumble upon a fragment of civilisation like a road or farm.
A bout of irrational optimism appeared from nowhere and hit me like a sledgehammer. I imagined myself stumbling upon a sheep trough and sucking down gallons of water or staggering up to a farmhouse and being offered a beer. I became so confident of salvation that I kept wearing my sports jacket, even though it made me hot. It cost me a lot of money. No point throwing it away when my survival was guaranteed.
The sun was already peering through the tree canopy, searching for prey. Keeping it behind me, I lurched past gaunt and morose gums for about an hour without spotting a whiff of civilisation. The sun lashed my back. Brittle grass crunched underfoot. Vital sweat ran down my spine and wet the last place that needed moisture - my balls - before evaporating. My tongue was dried-out leather. Why the fuck was I still wearing the sports jacket? I put my wallet and mobile phone in a trouser pocket and toss away the jacket. Anne gave it to me as a birthday present. Hopefully, one day, she’d yell at me for losing it.
I once watched a television documentary about the first white men to explore the Outback. It trickled into my brain that those lunatic English and German explorers rested during the heat of the day and travelled during the cool of the night. That’s what I should have done. I had, instead, frittered away most of my strength by mid-morning and might not survive until nightfall.
Maybe I should lie down in a patch of shade and wait for night. No, I’d soon reach a road or farm. Keep going, keep going. I continued for another 300 metres and was still imprisoned in dense bushland. I felt faint. Time to lie down? No, press on. I’d soon reach safety.
Another 200 metres and I started to sway. Hope evaporated. I would lie down and try to resume my journey at nightfall.
I lay in the shade of a tall blue-gum and stared upwards. The sky had no dent, scratch or mark. A tiny cloud drifted over. I imagined an armada of clouds joining it and spattering my face with rain. None arrived. The tiny cloud hung around to taunt me.
 My tongue hurt. I realised that I knew one bush survival trick: sucking on a pebble to produce saliva. The trick might even work. I popped a pebble into my mouth. It drew out enough saliva to let me taste the coating of dirt.
I lay there for an hour or two, mashing up anger and self-pity. I was too young to die! I had so much to live for! Yet, I would soon die in a clump of bushland a short march from civilisation. What a dumb way to go. This level of stupidity did not occur in nature. Evolution did not allow it.
My brain shut down. I fell asleep and dreamed that I was a contestant on Celebrity Lifeboat. All of the contestants were starving. They drew straws to see who would be eaten first. I drew the short one. Someone grabbed at my leg. I kicked free and dove overboard. Saltwater rushed down my throat and made me gag …
At that point, I woke up choking on the pebble, now caught at the back of my throat. Holy fucking Jesus. I rolled over and tried to spit it out. After thirty seconds of hacking, it was still there. The little fucker was trying hard to kill me. My breathing grew ragged and my vision blurred. Motes pranced in front of my eyes. Maybe twenty seconds of life left. A sharp injection of strength. I stuck a finger inside my mouth, depress my bloated tongue and coughed eruptively a few times. The pebble slid into the side of my mouth and air whistled down my wind-pipe. Thank God. I lay on my back, chest heaving and waited for the pain to subside. After about a minute, I had recovered enough to wonder why I bothered saving myself. I was dead meat, anyway. 
The shade was gone and the sun was scorching my face. My thirst was gargantuan. I crawled a couple of metres to some more shade and glanced at my watch. Three o’clock. I’d slept for a long time.
I lay on my back and stared up at the callous sky. Lazing around in the middle of the day was another major mistake. I was now weaker and the temperature probably wouldn’t drop much during the night, anyway. Further, unless there was a full moon, I’d have to stumble around in the dark. Jesus. I should keep going while I still had some strength and decent light.
I climbed to my feet and followed the sun along a dry creek bed that ran through a small ravine. At that time of year, the creek should have brimmed with water and I should have feared a flash flood. Now, there was not even a fetid puddle.
I staggered forward for hour after hour, becoming crazed with thirst. The sun stalked me like a deranged killer. I kept wanting to lie down and hand back my life. Then I thought about Anne and my two children and kept going. My thoughts became jumbled and bizarre. I imagined Tommy and his little buddy Bradley becoming adults and marrying each other. I desperately wanted to live long enough to attend the wedding ceremony.
The sun expired on the horizon, leaving a half-moon to light my path. I stumbled between ghostly eucalypts. An hour later, while following the ridge of a low hill, I glimpsed a faint light halfway down the slope on my right. After a while, I broke out of my trance and registered its significance. What caused it? I stumbled towards it and stopped about 20 metres away. The light emerged from thin cracks in the side of the hill. Or was I imagining that? Was this the final eruption of insanity before Death hoovered me up into the sky?
A male voice behind me. “What the fuck’re you doing here?”
My exhausted heart pinballed inside my chest. I turned and saw a tall, thin guy in olive-green bush gear. Darting eyes and a slot mouth were nestled inside grey hair as thick and tangled as mountain grass.
Did he really exist? Or had I desperately conjured him up. He looked well hydrated. If he really existed, he had access to water. Dear Jesus, I might survive. I unzipped my tongue from the roof of my mouth and croaked. “Water, water - need water.”
The guy stepped closer and clobbered me with his body odour. “I’ll give you some if you explain what you’re doing here.”
His pungent odour - it was like a force field - persuaded me that he was real. “I’m lost, lost.”
“Lost? How the hell did you get lost?”
Good question. I wasn’t a sailor who got blown off course. It was hard to get lost to where I was now lost. I certainly could not tell him that a pair of goons chased me into the bush. He was suspicious enough. Despite my dehydration, hunger and head-first slide into madness, I produced a good lie. “Car, car - car broke down. Went lookin’ for help.”
“Through this bush?”
“Thought I was taking a shortcut.”
“Hah. Fuckin’ long cut.”
“Water, water.”
After a long and angry look, he shrugged. “I guess you’ve seen my bunker. Can’t change that now. Follow me.”
He strode over to the cracks of light and pulled aside a canvas screen to reveal a hole in the slope about 150 centimetres high and 60 centimetres wide. He ducked inside and, ten seconds later, emerged with a large plastic soft-drink bottle. “Drink this.”
I grabbed the bottle, tipped back my head and inhaled the contents. After consuming a litre, I realised it was brackish water. Didn’t care. I finished off the bottle and was about to ask for more water when I realised that my gut hurt. Slow down.
My tongue lolled around contentedly. “Thanks. You just saved my life. My name’s Paul - Paul Ryder.”
His suspicious expression hung around. “The nearest big road is miles and miles away.”
“I know, I’ve been walking all day. Just kept getting more lost.”
“Where were you driving to?”
“I was, umm, visiting a friend on a farm.”
“Who?”
“A guy called Tim Patterson.”
“Don’t know him. Don’t know anyone around here.”
“I don’t know your name.”
“I’m Gary.”
“Gary who?”
“Just Gary.”
“Sure. So, umm, what’re you doing out here?”
An annoyed expression. “There’s no point hiding it, I guess. I’m preparing my bug-out location.”
“Your what?”
Nothing fake about his crazy eyes. “My bug-out location. I’m a prepper. Every month or so, I come out here for a few weeks to prepare my bunker for when the shit hits the fan.”
“You mean, doomsday?”
“Yes.”
“What are you worried about?”
“Plenty. The biggest danger, I reckon, is artificial intelligence. But lots of other things - a pandemic, a nuclear bomb or an EMP device - are almost as dangerous. The best-case scenario is a total economic collapse.”
What a bouncing ball of fun. “What’s an EMP device?”
“An electromagnetic pulse device. A big one will collapse our whole electrical network and send us straight back to the stone age.”
“What about global warming?”
A shrug. “Not so worried about that. Reckon that’s overblown. A lefty obsession.”
I was an avid student of batshit crazy beliefs. They highlighted the dark undercurrents running through society. I would have normally asked for more details. However, I hadn’t eaten for almost 24 hours and, despite the water sloshing around in my gut, was damn hungry. “Will you please give me something to eat?”
Eyes sparkled with paranoia. “I don’t want you to see inside my bug-out hole.”
“Why? I’ve, ah, seen the outside.”
A scowl punched through his prodigious facial hair. “I guess so. You won’t tell anyone where it is, will you?”
“How can I? I’ve got no frickin’ idea where I am, right now. I’m totally lost.”
A long pause. “Alright. Come inside. You won’t like the food. This ain’t no restaurant. But beggars can’t be choosers, huh?”
He led me behind the screen and down a narrow passage into a large open space that looked like a cave he had expanded. Two oil lamps, hanging from the roof, illuminated a camp bed, a collapsible desk with a large typewriter, a couple of plastic garden chairs and a tall rack of metal shelves laden with cans of food, water bottles, bedding and neatly folded clothes. An evaporative cooler sat in a corner and a curtain covered another passage. 
A tiny camp stove stood in the middle of the room, below a ceiling flue. A pot of green gunk simmered on a blue flame. Gary No Surname spooned some onto a dirty metal plate and passed it to me. “Have some stew.”
Plenty of hogs would have refused it. However, I was hungry enough to eat the arse out of a skunk and shovelled it down. At first, it tasted like three-hat cuisine. Then my taste buds revived and identified a vile-tasting lentil concoction. It was the sort of food that starts a prison riot. If people had to eat this sort of food after doomsday, I didn’t want to survive. Despite that, I kept wolfing it down.
He said: “What do you think?”
I sent a last big mouthful whistling down the hatch and emitted a prehistoric burp that he did not seem to mind. I reminded myself that he had saved my life. “It tastes great. You should set up a chain.” I handed back the plate. “Thanks.”
“No problem.”
“Will you help me get back to Castleton?”
“You mean, show you the way?”
“Yes, but you don’t have to take me the whole way. Just take me to a road and point me in the right direction. That’s all I need.”
“Now?”
“Well, yeah.”
“Not now. It’s too easy to fall over and get hurt in the dark. I’ll take you to a road tomorrow morning.”
Damn. Stuck with this smelly lunatic for the night. “OK, I understand.”
He sat on a plastic chair and looked suspicious. “So, umm, who are you? You’re not from around here, are you?”
It was easier to bullshit on a full stomach. “Correct. I’m a high school teacher. Live in Sydney. Drove up to Rockhampton to attend a wedding and decided to visit a friend - the farmer I told you about - on the way back. Car broke down and I got lost. What about you? What do you do when not preparing your bug-out bunker?”
“I was in the army for a while - retired as a captain in the infantry - and I’m now an IT consultant in Brisbane. Got a pretty successful business. But I’ve always got a truck full of essential supplies parked in my back yard. When the shit hits the fan, I’ll drive straight up here.”
“Where’s your truck, right now?”
A suspicious frown. “Parked near here, beside an old road that nobody uses.”
 “You reckon that, when Armageddon arrives, you’ll be safe in this bunker?”
“Of course. I’ve buried food all around here and I’ve built a cistern to catch water. In the army, I spent some time with Aborigines in the Western Desert, learning how to live off the land. They taught me how to hunt for wildlife with their traditional weapons. I won’t starve.”
His body odour refused to back down. “Where do you wash?”
“I wait for the rain. Hygiene’s not a big issue out here.”
That solved one mystery. “What about bushfires? You worried about them?”
“Nope. If one turns up, I’ll be safe and snug in this bunker.”
I sat on the camp bed. “So, you reckon that artificial intelligence is the biggest threat to mankind?”
“Yup.”
“Why? Because it’s going to take our jobs?”
“Hah, hah. Are you kidding? Artificial intelligence will allow robots to take over the world. The US and Chinese military are spending billions right now developing killer robots that function like humans. Soon, we’ll reach ‘the singularity’. That’s when robots will achieve human-level intelligence. When they do, it’ll be game over for mankind. The robots will become our immortal overlords and kill us like mice. They’ll probably use pandemics and nuclear bombs and EMP devices. Any survivors will end up in zoos.”
“You mean, it’ll be like the Terminator movies - Skynet and all?”
“Yep. Those movies were really prophetic. I reckon James Cameron talked to people inside the US government who understood the danger. I’m convinced of that.”
This was undoubtedly the craziest conversation I had ever had. While he talked, the bunker grew smaller and the air more stifling. How long before the Stockholm Syndrome kicked in and I became his number one - in fact, only - recruit? 
I said: “Wow, that’s dark.”
“It’s pitch black.”
I had been keenly nodding while he talked; I was, after all, his guest and owed him my life. However, he still doubted my sincerity. “I can see you’re not convinced. I’m not surprised. What I’ve said about the AI takeover is hard to take onboard. A lot of people don’t want to face the truth. That’s why I usually only discuss it on Facebook forums. They’re the only places where people understand me.”
“Are you worried that, after the singularity, the killer robots will find you out here?”
“Of course, I am. I don’t think they will. But, if they do, I’ll defend myself.”
“You’ve got weapons?”
“I’ve got a couple of rifles. I won’t go down without a fight. The robots will be made of super-strong materials like titanium, of course. But, if a bullet hits their central microchip, they’ll turn into scrap metal.”
“If that’s true, surely they’ll protect the microchip with a lot of armour.”
A worried expression. “Mmm, you’re probably right. Didn’t think of that. I’d better get my hands on a rocket launcher.”
This guy had hardening paranoia the way some people had hardening arteries. His views had shifted from amusing to sad and boring. After spending a whole day fighting for my life, I was now achingly tired. “Well, thanks for saving my arse, today. I’ll be eternally grateful; I’d better get some sleep.”
He looked disappointed to be losing his audience. “OK. I’m afraid I’ve only got one bed. But I can put a bedroll on the floor.”
“Thanks.”
He took an old canvas bedroll off a metal shelf, unfurled it on the floor and tossed a dirty cushion on top. “No blankets, I’m afraid, but you won’t need them.”
I lay on the bedroll and watched him clean the dishes in a bucket of soapy water and sweep the floor. It’s hard to sleep when sharing a bunker in the middle of nowhere with a weirdo who believes in a robot takeover. Despite that, exhaustion knocked me out.
At some point during the night, I heard a clattering sound, like a railway train, that woke me up. I nervously opened my eyes and saw a big guy with a huge beard, wearing a coal miner’s lamp, sitting at a rickety desk, bashing away on a typewriter. That phantasmagorical sight chilled my soul. Then I remembered getting lost in bushland the day before and the typist saving my life. I now lay in his bug-out bunker. I briefly hoped I was having a hallucination and had to conclude I was not. Damn.
I said: “What are you typing?”
He turned and shone the miner’s lamp in my eyes. “My autobiography.”
What fresh lunacy was this? “Your what?”
“My autobiography. It describes how I grew up in the ‘burbs, joined the army, spent time in the desert with Aborigines and then realised that AI was going to destroy mankind.”
Not the usual ingredients of a bestseller. “If we’re heading towards an AI apocalypse, why bother writing an autobiography?”
“’Cos I’m gonna survive it. In fact, after the apocalypse, I’ll be a major resistance leader. That’s my destiny. When the other survivors find out that I saw the apocalypse coming and prepared for it, they’ll put me in charge. So, I want history to know who I am.”
Holy Jesus. Surely, writing an autobiography because you might become a resistance leader in a post-apocalyptic world was a bit premature. Most people perform a few notable deeds before penning their reminiscences. Every time I thought Gary No Surname could not get any crazier, he proved me wrong.
I said: “The robots won’t let you publish it.”
“Doesn’t matter. It’ll circulate underground, like samizdat.”
“How long have you been writing it?”
“About five years.”
“Shit. How many pages have you written?”
“They’re over there.”
He pointed to a pile of pages, almost a metre high, in a corner.
“Wow, that’s a lot.”
“Yeah, and I type on both sides.”
“When do you expect to finish?”
“Soon, I hope. The singularity is getting close. Then I’ll really have my hands full.”
I stared closely at the page in the typewriter and noted an unusual feature. “You don’t use any punctuation.”
A big smile. “Yeah, I’ve given up on that. Ruins my flow; blocks my inspiration.”
He plainly needed a good ghost-writer. I did not intend to volunteer. “Maybe you should get some sleep?”
“I will as soon as I’ve finished my quota of words for the night.”
“OK, I’ll leave you to it.”
Despite the clattering of the typewriter keys - and a lot of mumbling and throat-clearing from the typist - I soon went back to sleep. To my surprise, I had a pleasant dream in which I frolicked around with sexbots. If our robot overlords used them to mollify the masses, I would be their loyal servant.
When I woke the next morning, I instinctively kept my eyes shut until I remembered where I was. When I did, I hoped that the events of the previous day were the remnants of a bad dream. Only one way to find out. I popped open an eye, hoping to see my motel room in Castleton. Nope, I lay on the floor of the prepper’s bunker. Unless I was now having a bad dream about having a bad dream, which was highly unlikely, I was now stuck in a one-man insane asylum in the middle of nowhere.
Light streamed through a crack in the roof. I looked around for my prepper host. Nowhere to be seen. Must be outside. The dude was seriously scary and I considered trying to escape. But where would I go? I was still lost in the bush and he was the only person who could guide me back to civilisation. I’d let him do that before terminating our association.
After spending a whole day in the bush without food or water, then sleeping on a hard floor, I felt like a gang of outlaw bikies had beaten me up for being a police informant. I was only mildly pleased to be alive.
A few minutes later, the curtain in front of the bunker opened and my host entered wearing the same clothes as yesterday. He walked, I suddenly noticed, with a slight limp. Daylight made him look even meaner than before. His expression said that I’d outstayed my welcome. “You’re finally awake,” he said gruffly.
“What time is it?”
“Seven o’clock.”
“That’s early in the city.”
“Not out here.”
“Too bad. Ah, what’s for breakfast?”
A crooked smile. “Same as last night. Just colder and older. It’s in the Coolgardie safe. Want me to take it out.”
My stomach clenched. “No, I’ll be fine. Now, umm, will you show me how to get back to town?”
An annoyed expression. “OK, let’s go.”
Before he could change his mind, I strode from his paranoia-soaked bunker. The rugged bushland outside almost killed me the day before. It now filled me with joy. The sky was blue, birds were singing and the life-giving sun was creeping over the eastern horizon. The idea of killer robots conquering the planet seemed ridiculous. The only drawback was my host, at my shoulder. I would dump the crazy bastard as soon as possible.
I looked at him. “How far do we have to walk to find a road?”
“There’s one about five kilometres to the east.”
“You’ll take me there?”
Eyes drilled into me. “Yeah, but only if you put on a blindfold.”
My heart caught fire. “A what?”
“A blindfold, so you can’t find this place again.”
The flames rippled outwards. “Don’t worry, there’s no way I could find it again - zero.”
“I’m not gonna take that risk. You’ve gotta wear a blindfold.”
If I did, this paranoid lunatic would probably club me to death and bury me in a bush grave. No thank you. However, I had to play along while I worked out how to escape.
I shrugged. “OK, that sounds fair enough.”
“Good.”
He stepped towards me and reached into his camouflage jacket. As he glanced down, I realised it was now or never. I stepped forward and shoved him with the desperate strength of a potential murder victim. He stumbled and fell backwards.
I was running downhill before he hit the ground. A bloodcurdling scream behind me. I glanced over my shoulder. Gary No Surname had climbed to his feet and was pursuing me with murderous intent.
I slalomed between tree trunks and fallen branches, hoping I could get out of his sight and hide before my body overheated and blew up. After a hundred metres, I became more afraid of a heart attack than my pursuer. My shoes turned to lead. I glanced over my shoulder. To my surprise, my former host was still a long way behind. I noticed earlier that he had a limp. That had turned into a hobble. He was even less mobile than me, thank God. The future leader of the anti-robot resistance couldn’t even catch a middle-aged guy whose main exercise was perambulation.
I jog-trotted along a gully for about 300 metres, ignoring all of the blinking red lights in my brain, and looked back. No sign of the fucking idiot. I leaned against a tree to catch my breath while keeping a lookout for him. Still no sign. He had either given up or lost contact.
I was deeply relieved to have escaped the homicidal bastard. However, I still had to survive the horrible terrain in which I was lost. If my performance yesterday was any guide, I was doomed.
I pondered which way to go and realised that I had acquired one big advantage. Gary No Surname said there was a road about five kilometres to the east of his bunker. I half-turned and looked at the sun - that gorgeous orb - hovering above the eastern horizon.
It was possible, of course, that the eremitic madman had lied about the road being to east. However, he had no reason to do so. He expected to beat my brains out very soon.
With a well-balanced mixture of hope and fear, I headed east. After walking for an hour, I knew I must be close to the road if it existed. Hope rose and plateaued for about 20 minutes before losing altitude. Maybe the prepper lied about the location of the road or I had somehow missed it. Despair and exhaustion told me to stop and rest. However, while some hope lingered, I had to keep going.
After a while, I focused on the ground just in front of me. Half-dazed, I walked up an unusually smooth slope and stepped onto a hard surface. I glanced sideways and saw a well-maintained gravel road that surely had some traffic.
I dropped to my knees and wept tears of relief and joy. I had recovered my future. Now, I had to decide whether to wait for a passing vehicle or follow the road to its destination. Tough decision. I was still pondering that when I heard the low throb of a vehicle engine. Such a gorgeous sound.
I looked to my right. A huge camper van came around a corner about a hundred metres away and headed towards me. I stepped into the middle of the roadway and stared at its huge bull-bar. Better to be run over than not picked up.


CHAPTER TEN

For a few seconds, it looked like the approaching bull-bar would turn me into paste. However, the camper van screeched to a halt about 10 metres away. A bald head popped out of the side window. “What the fuck are you doing? Is this some sort of stick-up?”
“No, no, I’m lost - lost. Please help me.”
A beckoning hand. “OK, get in the other side. No need for all this drama.”
I scrambled around to the passenger side where a woman sat. She shifted over and I climbed in beside her.
“Thank you, thank you. I’m Paul - Paul Ryder. You two have saved my life.”
“No problem. I’m Doug and this is Sadie.” 
They were both in their early sixties. Doug wore a heavy-metal T-shirt over man-boobs and a big belly. Sadie had a rusty perm and wore a sequined top over smaller boobs. She wrinkled her nose at my odour. “Hi.”
I said: “Hi. Where are you heading?”
Doug said: “Castleton.”
“Fantastic. That’s where I want to go.”
He drove off. “Looks like your lucky day. How the hell did you get lost?”
I’d already test-driven my lie. “My car broke down; got lost trying to find help.”
“We haven’t seen a broken-down car.”
“It’s, umm, on another road - a smaller road - near here. I tried to walk through the bush. Thought it would be a shortcut. Turned out to be a dopey decision.”
“It was dopey from the get-go. You’re from the city, right?”
“Yeah. It shows?”
“Sure does. Country folk stay with their cars when they break down. They think about walking to safety and don’t. That usually ends badly.”
I enjoyed his criticism. He was the first sane person I’d spoken to for 24 hours. “Well, now I know. Where do you come from?”
“You mean? Where do we live?”
“Yeah.”
A throaty laugh. “We live in this camper van.”
“Really?”
“Yup. This is home. We’re always on the move. Go south in summer and north in winter.”
“No jobs?”
“Nope. We’ve both got pensions and a bit of money saved up. If this rig needs to be repaired, I do it. That saves a lot of money. Biggest expense is fuel.”
“How long have you been on the road?”
“About fifteen years. We were neighbours in Brisbane before that. We fell in love and decided to leave Brizzie. So, one day, we climbed into this campervan and headed for the open road.” A chuckle. “When we did, we left some bloody unhappy people behind.”
“Really? Who?”
A cracked grin. “Our spouses.”
“Your spouses?”
“Yeah. We were married to other people. We both left our house keys and a goodbye note on our dining tables and drove off. We had no choice, did we, Sadie? We were meant for each other.”
“Yup, till death do us part.”
I looked at Doug. “So, you’re heading for Castleton?”
“Yep, we go to the motor festival every year. We’re a bit late this year ‘cos we made a detour to Wollongilly to see the world’s biggest wombat.”
“The town has a zoo?”
A laugh. “No, no. There’s a huge concrete statue of a wombat in the middle of town. The wombat’s got concrete poos as big as boulders. The town also has the Shearers Hall of Fame. Not to be missed. Anyway, that’s why we’re late for the festival. Just hope we’re in time for the drag races.”
“Why didn’t you use the main road?”
“There’s a bushfire over that way. We were worried we’d get turned back. So, we took this route.”
“What if there’s a bushfire over here?”
“There won’t be - or, at least, shouldn’t be. Hah, hah. We’ll just have to see, won’t we?”
Doug drove along the gravel road for another 15 kilometres, without encountering any traffic, before turning onto a bitumen road about 10 kilometres from Castleton.
Doug and Sadie were heading for a caravan park on the other side of town. However, soon after the camper van entered the township, Doug encountered a police roadblock that had already created a queue of thirty stationary vehicles. He stopped the camper van behind the last one. “Damn, it looks like we’ve run into the Big Cruise. We could be here for quite a while.”
I said: “The Big Cruise?”
“Yeah. Every year, during the motor festival, there’s a parade of cars down the main street. There are usually a couple of hundred. We’ve just run into it. But you don’t have to wait here. Your motel is on the other side of the main street. It’ll only take you ten minutes to walk there.”
“OK, I’ll do that. Thank you both for saving my arse. I’ll never forget it.”
Doug said: “No worries. Just make sure that the next time your car breaks down, you stay with it, OK?”
“Will do.”
I jumped out of the camper van and strode along the pavement, past the queue of vehicles, until I reached the main street. Hundreds of spectators standing on both sides were watching a convoy of pimped-up and immaculately restored vehicles drive slowly past. I was about to dash across the street when I saw Alex Underwood standing on the tray of a flat-bed truck, waving to the spectators. He stood inside a small circle of hay bales, wearing an Akubra hat and a short-sleeve shirt. I wasn’t surprised to see him. He was the local member of parliament. The parade was a great opportunity to boost his visibility. He looked happy and relaxed. I’d certainly given him no reason to worry.
When his truck had passed by, I scuttled across the road, between a couple of vehicles, and headed for the motel.



CHAPTER ELEVEN

I slouched towards the Paradise Motel feeling bone tired and desperate for sleep. Despite that, I scanned the locale for the two thugs who chased me into the bush. No sign of them.
As I entered the motel car park, the paunchy motel manager left his office, climbed into a white Holden Ute and drove off. Fortunately, I still had my room key. I used it to wearily open the door of my room and step inside. 
The room was untidy when I was kidnapped. It was now a total mess. Either a motel employee went on a crazy rampage or an intruder entered to steal something. In fact, that intruder might still be present. Holy shit. My tiredness evaporated.
“Don’t move”, a man behind me barked.
I ignored that command and pirouetted on a dime. I now realised why I did not see the two thugs lurking outside my motel room. Blondy, at least, was inside it. He was leaning against the door frame of the ensuite bathroom. His relaxed expression and folded arms said he was the only alpha-male on the scene. Not even debatable.
I said: “W-w-what the hell are y-y-you …”
“… doing here?”
“Yes.”
“I’m here to make sure you don’t run away again. You’re a fuckin’ jackrabbit when you want to be.”
“Who are you?”
He ignored my question. “I also want to take you to meet someone.”
My brain struggled for traction. “… meet someone?”
“Yes.”
“Who?”
“My boss.”
“Who’s he?”
“You’ll see when we get there. My partner is sitting in our car, around the corner. When I phone him, he’ll drive around and stop outside the door.”
A defiant step backward. “I’m not going.”
A wry smile. “You’ve got no choice. If you come with us, you’ll have a friendly chat with my boss and we’ll bring you back here. I guarantee that. You won’t be harmed. But, if you cause trouble, I’ll get nasty.”
I took another step back and bumped into the bed. “Leave me alone. I’ve got nothing to say to your boss. I don’t know who he is; I don’t know what he wants. He’s making a big mistake.”
A savage smile. “Maybe. You can tell him that when you see him.”
“I’m not going anywhere,” I said like a petulant child.
He sighed and opened the lapel of his capacious work jacket. A big pistol sat in a professional-looking shoulder-holster. “See this? If you don’t do what you’re told, I’ll shoot you dead. Then I’ll toss you into the boot of my car and bury you somewhere in the bush. Understand?”
Holy Jesus. His tone suggested that killing me would be an inconvenient chore rather than a monstrous crime. That sort of cold professionalism frightened the shit out of me. I tottered and almost fell over. “Y-y-yes.”
“Excellent. You’ll do what you’re told?”
I spoke more to the pistol than him. “Y-y-yes.”
“Good. I’m going to call my friend. He’ll stop the car outside this room and we’ll both get into the back. Cause any trouble - I mean any - and I’ll shoot you like a dog. Got it?”
“Y-yes.”
“Excellent.”
He fished out his phone, punched a button and told his buddy that he’d caught “Ryder” and his buddy should pick them up. He put the phone back inside his jacket and smiled contemptuously. “He’s on his way. Now, give me your phone.”
“What?”
“Give me your phone. You’ll get it back if you behave.”
I reluctantly pulled out my most beloved possession and handed it over. He slipped it inside his jacket. 
He went back to leaning against the door frame, arms akimbo. Silence bubbled and frothed between us. After about 30 seconds, a car horn peeped outside the room.
“That’s him. Don’t move.” He opened the door and scanned the car park to make sure there would be no witnesses if he had to whack me, then stood back with a hand holding the butt of his pistol. “Walk in front of me, slowly. Remember what I said: play any games and you’re dead.”
I half-stumbled out the door and saw the Lexus sedan about five metres away. A bearded guy in his early forties sat behind the wheel and the back door was open. I glanced around. The motel was usually infested with festival-goers. They had, of course, all disappeared. 
Blondy gave me a couple of big shoves that propelled me onto the leather-clad back seat. He climbed in beside me and leaned forward. “Go.”
The driver did a nifty three-point turn and cruised out of the motel. Two days ago, the Patterson brothers drove me along the main street and through the shabby housing on the other side of town. This driver headed in the opposite direction, through housing just as bad. 
I instinctively donned my seatbelt. Blondy didn’t bother. He smelt of sweat, gunk and the effluvia of a rotting soul.
“How long will this drive take?”
“About an hour. Now, shut up and don’t move. I don’t want to spill any blood in the car if I can avoid it. Be a pain in the arse to clean up. But I will if you make me.”
I always got talkative when nervous. “Who’re we going to see?”
“I told you to shut up.”
“Yeah, but …”
“… if you want to live, you’d better shut up, OK? Barry and I both served in Afghanistan. We’ve killed people. Plenty were unarmed. Barry once killed a guy trying to escape with his legs tied together. Was hopping like a kangaroo. Remember that, Barry?”
A mirthless laugh. “Sure do.”
Blondy looked back at me. “You heard that? So, don’t piss us off.”
These guys must have served in the SAS and, like many of their comrades, gone on a war crimes spree in Afghanistan. Blondy had seemed remarkably calm until now. But I was getting on his nerves. That had to stop. I forced myself to shut up. 
The Lexus soon left the town and followed a narrow bitumen road that bisected drought-scarred farms. After about twenty minutes, bushland appeared. Every few kilometres, we passed a dirt road that disappeared into the bush. Whenever we approached one, my nerves sang and my guts gyrated. If the Lexus turned down one, I was dead. The driver would stop in a secluded spot and, after I was pushed out of the car to protect the upholstery, they would execute me gangland-style. If they thought I would have the fortitude to dig my own grave, they were sadly mistaken.
After another thirty minutes, the road tilted up and we passed numerous paddocks with heat-stressed cattle. The road then dropped into a valley. A wall of lush pine trees on the right shielded a surprisingly verdant property. At the entrance was a big flagstone arch with “Dunromin Estate” stencilled at the apex. Surely, if the Lexus went under that arch into such a respectable-looking property, I would be safe. No bush grave for me.
To my intense relief, the Lexus slowed and ducked under it. Thank God. It headed up a bitumen road, with pines on both sides, towards a massive two-storey Federation homestead on the crest of a low hill. A vineyard ran up the left-hand side of the hill; on the right were a long horse stable and a training track. Every leaf and blade of grass on the property was emerald green. The property either had a drought-proof water reservoir or was sucking up bore water at a furious rate. Either way, it must have cost a mint to run. Whoever owned this rural playground could probably torch a hundred million bucks and feel no pain.
A gravel roundabout, with a nymph fountain in the centre, sat in front of the homestead. Barry parked the Lexus near the front entrance and Blondy gave me a wicked smile. “Nice to be alive, isn’t it? Get out.”
I stood on rubbery legs and looked up at the massive brick pile. A mish-mash of steep slate roofs surrounded a gothic tower. Two cast-iron verandahs, one on top of the other, skirted the outside of the building. On the left were a row of garages, a grass tennis court and a helicopter landing pad. 
My mood kept lifting. Whoever owned this place was rich and powerful. He would not let dark shit happen on his doorstep; he would pay to have it occur elsewhere. That was a perk of being rich and powerful.
The two thugs pushed me through the wide entrance into a huge hall with Queensland Maple and Huon Pine panelling; the plaster ceiling had Art Nouveau motifs. A wide staircase burrowed in one wall and dog-legged halfway up.
A thin man wearing a morning coat and an obsequious expression appeared. In Australia, only mega-wealthy parvenu employed butlers. The owner of these premises obviously belonged to that club. There was no point asking the butler to rescue me from the thugs. He was paid to be mindlessly servile and would not lift a finger.
He recognised Blondy. “Hello, Mr Tanner. Staying for long?”
“No, we’ve just dropped in to see Mr Tomlinson. He’s expecting us. Where is he?”
“In the sunroom. Follow me …”
“No need. I know the way.”
“Of course.”
When Blondy referred to ‘Mr Tomlinson’ he surely meant Eric Tomlinson, the coal baron. Eric Tomlinson was wealthy enough to own the present rural retreat and was close to the Minister for Mining, Alex Underwood, Victoria Patterson’s boss. Maybe Tomlinson was trying to help Underwood in some way. Curiosity replaced fear.
The butler went off to iron a morning paper and buff up his silver tray.
Blondy led me into a billiards room and around a massive hand-carved table. His bearded pal trailed behind. Then we entered a ballroom with a grand piano on a small dais. Behind the dais was a huge stained-glass window with a triptych of farmers performing physical labour. The far wall had French doors overlooking a wide patio. 
We slipped through a small door into a sunroom. Its mahogany panelling, plump leather chairs, ornate marble fireplace and oak bookcases approximated the reading room of an English gentleman’s club. Three lead-lined bay windows overlooked an English country garden. I was seeing a theme.
A bald and dumpy guy in his mid-seventies, wearing a polo shirt and a pair of slacks, sat in an armchair in front of a wall lined with decorative books crammed full of blank pages. He was peering through reading glasses at a spiral-bound document. 
Eric Tomlinson alright. I’d seen him on television several times and knew the general outline of his business career. Soon after graduating from university as a mining engineer, 40 years ago, he bought an abandoned coal mine in the Hunter Valley and revived its fortunes. Since then, he had opened or acquired a slew of coal mines along the eastern seaboard. He was good at persuading politicians - sometimes, it was rumoured, with bribes - to give him exploration licences and development approvals that he needed or to turn a blind eye to his breaches of environmental laws. Plenty of banks and investors went along for the ride.
Of course, he didn’t own the coal he dug up. The people of Australia did. The government just gave him a license to exploit it. However, he didn’t see it that way. As far as he was concerned, he owned the coal and hated paying the government a red cent for it.
For decades, he made big profits flogging his coal overseas. Now, storm clouds were gathering. Coal had been demonised as the biggest agent of global warming. Nations were closing their coal-fired power plants. Financial institutions were refusing to fund new projects. His coal mines looked like becoming stranded assets. Only the present federal government - particularly the Minister for Mining, Alex Underwood - gave him much support. It was desperate to keep the coal industry afloat.
The big question on my mind, when I saw him, was why his goons had dragged me into his presence. I strongly suspected that, like me, he was keen to find Veronica Patterson. But why? Did he want to stop her revealing that Alex Underwood assaulted her? Was he trying to save the career of a politician vital to the survival of his business? Or did he have some personal skin in the game? Did he want to stop her revealing something damaging about him? That might explain why he had risked having a face-to-face meeting with me.
Blondy said: “Mr Tomlinson, I’ve brought Paul Ryder to see you.”
After glancing at me, Tomlinson looked back at his henchman. “You searched his motel room for what I want?”
“Yes, and his car - nothing.”
A frown. “OK. And you’ve searched him for a recording device?”
“I took his phone.”
“Good.” 
Tomlinson set aside his reading glasses and the document, and stared at me. I had developed an instinctive revulsion for the rich. I was, of course, envious of their wealth. Most had accumulated huge sums of money they did not deserve. They either stole it or inherited it from someone who did. However, my disgust also stemmed from first-hand experience. Every single rich person I had met during my life was a miserable fucker. Every … single … one. Nothing was interesting or compelling about them. They were sour and vicious monomaniacs dedicated to swiping everything swipe-able. Rooting pigs have more complex personalities. They were banal before they were evil. I bet Tomlinson was no different.
Anne had sensitised me to the epidemic of manspreading. Tomlinson was a gold medallist in his age class. “You know who I am?”
“Eric Tomlinson.”
“Correct. Thank you for coming to see me.”
“I’m not here voluntarily.”
A sly smile. “Really? I hope my men were not, umm, over-enthusiastic. I apologise if they were. They usually handle my security, not this sort of work.”
If I whined about their behaviour, he’d probably give them a raise. “Why am I here?”
He nodded towards an armchair near him. “Sit there.”
“Why am I …?”
Blondy stepped forward. “Sit!”
I slammed my arse onto the armchair.
Tomlinson said: “When you appeared on the scene, I got one of my staff to do some research on you. He discovered that you got booted out of journalism for being a trouble-maker and now ghost-write for a living. But you didn’t leave journalism completely, did you?”
“What do you mean?”
“You still chase stories that interest you. You think you’re some sort of white knight.”
“More like Don Quixote, actually.”
“Who?”
“Forget it. Why am I here?”
“Before I tell you, let me make one thing very clear: this meeting never happened. If you claim it did, I’ll call you a liar and pay an army of lawyers to destroy your life.”
I was now impatient with the miserable fucker. “I get it. Why am I here?”
An angry silence. “You know as well as I do. I want to talk about Veronica Patterson.”
I lied instinctively. “Who?”
A deep frown. “Don’t bullshit me. You know her. My men saw you outside of her townhouse in Canberra. Then, two days ago, they followed her brothers into Castleton. The brothers picked you up at a motel and drove you out of town, away from their farms. After about 20 kilometres, they dumped you beside the road and you hot-footed it into the bush before my men arrived.”
It was pointless to deny those facts. “So what?”
“The brothers were taking you to see their sister, weren’t they?”
“That’s none of your business.”
“Don’t play games. You still think you’re a journalist, don’t you? You want Veronica Patterson to give you a story.”
“Again, none of your business.”
“But nobody’s paying you to chase this story, are they?”
“Why do you care?”
His knees drifted further apart. Maybe he did seniors yoga. “If you tell me where to find her, I’ll make it worth your while.”
I wanted to know how much money I’d be turning down. “How well rewarded?”
“I’ll pay you $1 million when we find her. In fact, if you want, I’ll give you a down payment, in cash, right now. You’ll walk out of this place with, say, $200,000.”
Tomlinson, like all rich bastards, thought that every man has his price. That central truth knitted the universe together and kept the stars aloft. In a way, I couldn’t blame him. Even I had my price. But Anne would go crazy with $1 million and quickly convert it into a $2 million debt. The bribe would be more trouble than it was worth.
However, I wanted to extract as much information as possible before rejecting his offer. “What will you do if you find her? Are you going to hurt her?”
“Of course not. I just want to recover something she stole. I don’t care what she does after that.”
I was right. Veronica Patterson harboured a story about more than just a domestic assault. “What did she steal?”
A curious stare. “You don’t know?”
“No.”
A smile. “I’m glad to hear that; I’m certainly not going to tell you.” He leaned forward. “Now, tell me where to find her.”
“I can’t.”
A frown. “You can’t?”
“That’s right.”
“Why not?”
Maybe, if I told him the truth, he would back off. “Because I have absolutely no idea where she is right now.”
A deeper frown. “None at all?”
“Zero.”
“Where were you going with her brothers?”
“I don’t know. They wouldn’t tell me. They noticed that your two goons were following us - their car was kicking up a shit-load of dust - and thought I was in cahoots with them. That’s why they tossed me out of the car.”
After scowling briefly at his henchmen, Tomlinson looked back at me. “Ah, now I understand what happened. You mean, you never got close to Veronica Patterson?”
“Correct.”
“So, I’m wasting my time talking to you?”
“I’ve enjoyed our chat.”
“Hah, hah.” A beady look. “What’re you going to do now?”
Our conversation had convinced me to keep hunting for Veronica Patterson. She obviously had a lot of dirty laundry to hang out. Even this billionaire was seriously scared of her. That was why he took the risk of meeting with me. However, I could not tell him that. Instead, I had the pleasure of lying to him. “I’m heading back to Canberra as soon as possible. In fact, I was about to leave when your employees turned up and dragged me here.”
A suspicious look. “I don’t believe you.”
My inner coward aided my performance. “You should. Thanks to your men, Veronica Patterson thinks I’m one of the bad guys and, as you said, I’m not getting paid for my efforts. This story is too much trouble. I’ve got better things to do with my time.”
His brow smoothed out. “Good - very good. Just make sure you do go home. If my men see you again, you will suffer serious harm - I promise you.”
“Don’t worry, I’m going.”
“Good. Then, we’ve got nothing to discuss. Just don’t mention this meeting to anyone.”
“Don’t worry. Who’d believe me?”
“Exactly. My men will take you back to Castleton.”
His glazed eyes declared me another minion exiting his life. I felt a surge of anger and mentally composed a big speech about how, in a few years’ time, when he faced a miserable death, as we all do, he would happily spend all of his billions - every frickin’ cent - to buy another minute of life. But Death wouldn’t take his money. It doesn’t work like that; it hoovers up the rich and poor without distinction. So, he should stop being a money-hog and stop dirtying up the planet, and do something decent with his billions before he dropped.
It would have been a great speech if I delivered it, especially if I improvised a few good lines on the fly. But I didn’t deliver it for two reasons. The first was that he’d have had no idea what I was talking about - he’d view my speech as the ravings of a madman. The second was that, when you’ve just escaped from a lion’s den, you don’t wander back into it with juicy steaks tied around your neck.
Blondy stepped up beside me. “Come on.”
I rose unsteadily and followed the two goons out of the door. We retraced our journey through the homestead without encountering anyone. Both of my companions looked unhappy. Maybe my jibe about their ham-fisted shadowing of the Patterson brothers hurt their feelings. 
I had felt quite safe while talking to Tomlinson. Mega-rich guys like him don’t have people bumped off in their presence. It was also highly unlikely that, after meeting with me, he would tell his henchmen to ice me and risk a murder being traced back to him. However, I still feared his goons who were confessed war criminals and seemed to lack self-discipline. They might disobey his instructions and pop me anyway. I was strongly tempted to make a run for it. But I’d only escape from them if they closed their eyes - no peeking - and counted to a thousand.
We left the homestead and crunched across the gravel roundabout to the Lexus. Barry climbed behind the steering wheel. Blondy shoved me into the back, then climbed in beside me and assailed me with his diabolical odours.
As Barry guided the Lexus towards the entrance, my nerves grew. The first big crisis would arrive when we reached the flagstone arch. Would Barry turn left towards Castleton or right towards Hell and beyond? 
To my immense relief, he turned left. I had a reprieve. But for how long? An ominous silence permeated every nook and cranny of the car. Finally, after five minutes, Blondy growled. “Hey Barry, what do you do with a dickhead who tells your boss you’re stupid?”
Every part of me shrivelled. I was right. My legitimate criticism of the way they trailed the Patterson brothers had been poorly received.  
Barry glanced over his shoulder. “I reckon you punish the dickhead.”
“How?”
“You take him somewhere quiet and put a bullet in the back of his head.”
“Mmm, good idea.”
Holy shit. I felt like I’d been tasered. My voice sounded far away. “Y-y-you c-c-an’t do that.”
A mocking stutter. “W-w-why not?”
“B-because your boss won’t like it.”
“Hah. He won’t know. We’ll say we dropped you off and don’t know what happened to you after that.”
“H-h-he’ll know.”
“How? Who’ll tell him? You? You’ll be six-foot under.”
Barry said: “Three foot. I’m not digging that far.”
“Hah, hah. Good point. But don’t worry: you won’t have to dig at all. Dickhead here will dig his own grave.” He turned towards me. “What about that? At least you’ll get some exercise before you croak.”
My brain filled with white noise and I wanted to throw up.
“Cat got your tongue? Not surprised.” He turned towards Barry. “Look for a track running off this road. We’ve got to take him somewhere private.”
A demonic cackle. “Will do. Be just like old times.”
After that, Barry slowed the car every three or four minutes to examine whether a dirt track was suitable for my final journey. Every time, my heart scrambled up my throat. Fortunately, none of the tracks met with Blondy’s approval. He usually complained that a track was “too exposed”.
After rejecting the fifth or sixth track, he gave me a savage grin. “I guess this is your lucky day.”
My optimism was still taking a ten-count. “W-w-what do you mean?”
“It looks like you’re going to live.”
“Y-y-you mean you’re not going to kill me?”
“Haw, haw, of course not. We were just joking, you dickhead.”
Half of me wanted to celebrate my reprieve and the other half suspected he was still pulling my chain. All of me wanted to throw up. I caught the bile halfway up my throat. “Really?”
“Yeah. You didn’t seriously think we were going to kill you, did you?”
Of course, I did, you prick. “Ah, I guess not.”
“Well, sit back, you’ll be back at the motel soon.”
“Good.”
“Hope there are no hard feelings. We’re square, right?”
I finally realised that I was capable of cold-blooded murder. “Sure, we’re square.”
“Good.”
I started to relax. The traffic grew thicker and Castleton drew closer. I was going to survive. I would live to fulfill all of the dreams that I still hadn’t formulated.
Barry pulled up in front of the motel and Blondy looked at me. “Now, fuck off back to Canberra. If I see you again, I’ll pull your head out through your arse, understand?”
“I’m going, don’t worry.”
“Good.”
“Ah, can I have my phone back?”
After hesitating, he pulled out my phone and handed it over.
“Thanks.”
I pushed open the car door and gingerly climbed out onto the grass nature strip. The Lexus squealed off and I shuffled into the motel. My brushes with death had left me tingling with life. Though I took Blondy’s threats seriously, I would not return to Canberra. Veronica Patterson had a big story to tell. I had to find her while avoiding Blondy and his creepy sidekick. Then it occurred to me that Tomlinson and Blondy’s demands that I return to Canberra might be a ruse. They actually hoped I would keep looking for her and unintentionally lead them to her. Time would tell.
I stepped into my motel room and saw the mess that the creeps made while searching it. I didn’t know what they were looking for. All I knew was that I didn’t have it.
I would clean the room later. During the last 36 hours, I had been lost in thick bushland, trapped in the bunker of a lunatic prepper and then kidnapped by ex-SAS thugs who pretended they were going to execute me. A wave of tiredness swept over me. I staggered over to the bed and plunged through it into a deep void.



CHAPTER TWELVE

I woke with an elephant squatting on my chest and my thoughts smeared with glue. It was several minutes before the events of the last few days filtered into my brain. I’d been through hell and was lucky to be alive. But I was no closer to finding Victoria Patterson and the big story she was hoarding.
A glance at the bedside clock. Almost 6 p.m. Christ. I slept for seven hours. Be hard to sleep later. I hadn’t eaten since the prepper fed me slops the night before. My stomach squealed loudly. Time for dinner.
I went into the bathroom and saw, in the mirror, a drawn and sun-scorched face. I looked a lot older than when I drove into Castleton. I showered, put on some fresh clothes and strode up to the Chinese restaurant on the main street. It was still fairly empty and I was given a small table near the fish tank. I quickly ordered enough food for two and fiddled with my mobile phone. Anne had sent me several text messages demanding to know where I was. I responded that I was very busy and would contact her soon.
A female voice. “I hoped I’d find you here.”
I looked up at a handsome woman with a shock of red hair. Tanya Larsen had reappeared. “Hi.”
She nervously slid into the chair opposite. “Hi.”
“Well, we meet again.”
“Yes.”
“How’s the motor festival going?”
An uncertain look. “The motor festival?”
“Yes, you said you’re promoting it.”
“Oh, yes, I did, didn’t I?” Lines snaked across her forehead and she struggled to speak. “That’s not why I’m in town. You know that.”
“I do?”
“Yes.”
“Then, why are you here?”
More wrinkles in the making. “I think it’s time we laid our cards on the table.”
She had my full attention. “Good idea. You first.”
She fiddled with an empty glass. “I’m in town for the same reason you are.”
“What’s that?”
“Veronica Patterson.”
Though I half-expected that answer, I was still shocked and played for time. “Really? Who’s she?”
A scowl. “Don’t play games. I know you’re trying to find her. You admitted that to Eric Tomlinson, yesterday.”
That revelation gave me another jolt. No point in being cagey anymore. “You know him, do you?”
“Of course.”
“How?”
A slight pause. “I’m working for him.”
“Doing what?”
“I’m trying to find Veronica Patterson.”
“Why the hell are you doing that?”
“He’s a client - a major client - of my public relations business. I’m paid to protect his image and the image of his corporation. I do that in a holistic and proactive way.”
“Which includes finding Veronica Patterson?”
“Yes.”
“Because she could damage his reputation?”
“Yes.”
She had metamorphosed from being a journalist - trying to drag crime and corruption into the public spotlight - into a PR flack trying to hide them away. Most journalists get tired of sitting on the sidelines and want to jump into the arena. She had certainly done that.
I said: “How? I know that she’s a threat to Alex Underwood. How can she hurt Tomlinson?”
A half-smile. “You mean, you don’t know?”
“No.”
“Well, if you don’t know, I’m not going to tell you.”
“I thought we were putting all of our cards on the table.”
“Not that card.”
I leaned forward, a little annoyed. “You’ve explained why you’re in town. Why are you here?”
A pause. “To make sure you don’t get hurt.”
“You’re worried about my welfare?”
“Of course.”
“Who’s going to hurt me?”
“Tomlinson has two men working for him - two dangerous men.”
“I know. They kidnapped me yesterday and took me to his rural estate.”
“I’ve heard about that. That wasn’t my idea. If I knew they were planning that, I’d have said it was a dumb move. But I didn’t know. I operate on a separate track to those, umm, goons.”
“Aren’t you lucky. Tomlinson threatened me. Said that, if I keep sniffing around, I’ll get hurt. Did you know that?”
A slight blush. “Yes. That’s why I’ve come to see you. You should listen to him and go back to Canberra. He’s dangerous. So are his men.”
Her concern for my welfare surprised me. I had always sensed that, though fiercely ambitious, she still had a few scruples looking for a purpose in life. But I never thought she would go out on a limb to help me, as she was doing now. Did she like me more than I thought or had Tomlinson and his goons made her very uncomfortable?
I tried to put her mind at ease with a big lie. “Don’t worry, I’m going to check out of the motel and head for home.”
A tentative smile. “You are?”
“Yes.”
“Good. I thought I’d have trouble persuading you to go.”
“Five years ago, you would have. Back then, I’d have hung around and caused trouble. But I’m getting old and I’ve got a family. Victoria Patterson thinks I’m a baddy, anyway. This story isn’t worth the aggravation or expense.” 
A wider smile. “Good, good. You’re doing the right thing.”
A world-weary shrug. “We all get old. Your time will come.”
“I hope not.” She shrugged. “Well, I’ve warned you. My conscience is clear. I’ve always regretted betraying you long ago. We’re now square.”
“Good. I appreciate your concern - I really do.” I leaned forward. “So let me give you a bit of advice in return.”
“What?”
“You should also get out of here.”
“Why?”
“You’re working for the wrong dudes. Alex Underwood bashed Veronica Patterson - that’s why she’s on the run - and Tomlinson is trying to help him cover up that and something else. They’re a pair of shits. You can do better. Go home.”
She blushed. “You can’t always choose your employers.”
“Actually, you can. You should also ditch them to protect yourself. As you said, those two goons are dangerous bastards. They might end up hurting Veronica Patterson. That should worry you.”
She resumed fiddling with the glass. “I’m not worried. She took something we want. After we get it back, we’ll leave her alone.”
Tomlinson also mentioned that Veronica Patterson stole something that he wanted to recover. This was becoming a theme. “What did she take?”
“You don’t need to know.”
“OK. But what if she won’t hand it back? What if the thugs get over-excited and murder her? Don’t get mixed up in something like that.”
More glass fiddling. “Don’t worry, that won’t happen.”
“Really? This situation could easily get out of hand. You don’t want to be around when Veronica Patterson gets killed. Don’t let a pair of vicious dummies get you in trouble.”
“Like I said: I operate separately from them.”
“Your funeral.”
“I can look after myself.”
“Famous last words.”
A frown. “Anyway, I’ve warned you. Go back to Canberra. Forget about all of this.”
“Don’t worry, I’m going.”
She rose and ghosted out of the restaurant, leaving me deep in thought. She claimed that she warned me about the danger I faced because she wanted to make amends for her past treachery. I believed her. She now realised how badly she behaved. However, I sensed there was another reason why she approached me. When Tomlinson asked her to chase after Victoria Patterson, she thought it would be a lucrative game. Now, she realised it was a criminal enterprise and wanted to drop out. She knew that I would articulate her inner doubts and advise her to extricate herself. She once saw me as her mentor. Maybe, in a strange way, she still did.
I told her what, I now suspected, she wanted to hear. The big question was whether she listened to me and cleared out. If her ambition fought a boxing match with her conscience, it would usually win the bout in the first round. Maybe not this time.
It looked like my friend, who became my enemy, might be my friend again or might still be my enemy. I was still weighing up those possibilities when a big plate of fried rice arrived.


CHAPTER THIRTEEN

After scoffing down several dishes of Chinese food, I strode back to the far-from-Paradise Motel while surreptitiously looking around for Tomlinson’s goons. I could not see them, but sensed their presence. When I reached my motel room, I cleaned up the mess they made and, to my surprise, fell into another deep sleep.
I woke just before 8 a.m. and considered my options. I was sure that the goons would keep me under surveillance. To throw them off the scent, I would check out of the motel and make a big show of leaving town. I would then circle back to a different motel. The motor festival was due to finish that day. I should have no trouble finding a motel with a vacant room. I would then focus on finding Veronica Patterson without interference from the goons or Tanya Larsen.
I mobile phoned the Cosmopolitan Motel on the eastern outskirts of town and booked a room which would cost a third of what I was presently paying. My ruse would even save me money.
After packing my suitcase, I carried it out to my car and heaved it into the boot, feeling strangely uneasy. Did I forget to pack something? I returned to the room and carefully checked for a forgotten item, and did not find one. Something else made me uneasy, though I couldn’t work out what.
I ambled through the car park towards the reception office to pay my bill. As I did, a gust of wind pushed heavy smoke through the car park. The smoke smudged out the sun and made the light eerie. I heard no fire engines. The smoke must have come from a bushfire outside of town.
I entered the reception office. The usual stocky guy in his mid-fifties, wearing a cardigan, sat behind the counter talking into a landline phone. He spoke quickly, for once: “There are reports of bushfires up that way … No, no, stay where you are. They should miss the house … Good. But, just in case, I’ll return home to make sure you’re safe. I’ve asked Bert to take over the motel. He’ll be here in about 10 minutes. Then I’ll head for home. I’ll be there in about 40 minutes … Fine, fine, I’ll see you then.”
He put down the phone and looked agitated. “Hi, how can I help?”
“You’re worried about bushfires?”
“Yeah, there are a few north of town. They’re a fair way from my house, but I should make preparations, just in case. How can I help you?”
“I want to check out. Can I have my bill?”
He looked a little surprised. “Sure. You’re Paul Ryder in Room 22, right?”
“You’ve got a good memory.”
“Ah, yeah, I remember my guests. Where are you going?”
“Back to Canberra.”
A suspicious look. “You’ve finished your business here?”
“Yes. Why do you care?”
A furtive look. “Oh, no reason. Have a safe trip. I’ll prepare the bill.”
While he typed away on his ancient personal computer, I suddenly realised why I felt uneasy: Big Hairy Guy told me in Canberra to wait for Veronica Patterson at the Paradise Motel in Castleton. Why did he specify this particular motel? Did it have a special significance for Veronica Patterson? Or did it just pop into her mind?
That mystery gave birth to another. When Veronica Patterson’s brothers turned up at the motel to collect me, they already knew which room I occupied. Who gave them that information? It must have been this guy at the front desk. But motel staff don’t usually give that sort of information to casual visitors. Was this guy connected to the brothers in some way?
I said: “Out of curiosity, do you know a pair of brothers called Tim and Dave Patterson?”
I had spent decades watching politicians lie for a living. I was a connoisseur of the art. This guy’s nervous expression announced that he was loading a big porky into his lie cannon and preparing to bombard my position. “No, no, I’ve never heard of them. Who are they?”
“That’s funny, because they knocked on the door of my room a couple of days ago. I’ve been wondering how they discovered my room number.”
“I-I-I don’t know. I didn’t tell them. I don’t give out that sort of information to outsiders. Not allowed.”
I shrugged. “Then, it’s a mystery, I guess.”
He discarded his usual somnolence and frenetically bashed away on his keyboard before printing my bill on an ageing printer that squeaked and shook. The bill he stuck in front of me demanded an eye-watering amount. Penthouse in five-star hotels cost less. After my credit card absorbed the blow, he handed me a receipt.
I said: “Thank you. I didn’t catch your name.”
“Tony.”
“Tony who?”
He looked defensive. “Umm, just Tony …”
Why so coy about his surname? “Fine. Good luck with the bushfire.”
He glanced at a wall clock. “Thanks. My replacement should be here soon.”
I left the reception office and headed towards my car, deep in thought. It looked like ‘Tony’ was connected in some way with the Patterson brothers and, maybe, Veronica Patterson, and wanted to hide that fact. That might explain his reluctance to furnish his surname.
A stocky female cleaner with a technicolour perm emerged from a room ahead of me, carrying a vacuum cleaner and bucket, and headed for the next room.
I took several quick steps to get close. “Excuse me.”
Tired eyes glanced off my face. “Yes?”
“I need some help. I was just chatting to Tony at the reception desk. He’s been very kind to me. Wonderful, in fact. I want to send him a bottle of wine to thank him, but don’t know his surname.”
She studied me closely and mistakenly thought I was honest. “Tony’s surname? It’s ‘Patterson’.”
“Tony Patterson?”
“Yes.”
Bingo. I considered probing for more information about him, but did not want to push my luck. “Thanks.”
While she ducked into the next room, I leaned against a wall and digested what I had just learnt. I didn’t wash up at the Paradise Motel by chance. Veronica Patterson chose it because a relative called Tony Patterson - a brother? uncle? cousin? - operated it. Tony Patterson was assigned to keep an eye on me.
He had just told me that his home was located north of the town. The Patterson brothers took me in that direction to meet Veronica Patterson, before ejecting me from their vehicle. Maybe she was staying with Tony Patterson! Maybe he was talking to her on the phone when I entered the reception area. That was quite possible.
How could I use that information to my advantage? Tony Patterson said he would leave for home when his replacement arrived. I could follow him in my car and see if Veronica Patterson was staying with him. However, it’s incredibly difficult to shadow a car without being detected, particularly through open country. Tomlinson’s goons proved that when they tried to follow the Patterson brothers. Further, I’d have to worry about the goons shadowing me!
I’d seen Tony Patterson drive away from the motel a couple of times in a white Holden Ute. It was now parked outside the reception office. I hurried over to it and glanced under the canvas tarp covering the back tray. A couple of paint cans and some shovels. Plenty of space for me to hide under the tarp, if I wanted to. 
A short and fat guy bustled past me into the reception office. Tony Patterson was waiting for someone called Bert to relieve him. This guy must be Bert. Tony Patterson would emerge soon and drive off. Maybe I should stow away under the tarp and catch a ride to his home to see if Veronica Patterson was there. It was a mad-cap scheme, but the only one on the table. Oh, hell, why not. I climbed under the tarp and lay on my back, breathing hard. Hopefully, Tony Patterson wouldn’t try to put something on the back tray before driving off. If he did, I’d have a lot of explaining to do.
A couple of minutes later, a man yelled “goodbye” and footsteps approached the Ute. The driver’s door opened and closed. The engine roared and the Ute left the motel. 
I expected the ride to be uncomfortable. It was much worse. The metal tray shuddered every time the vehicle hit a bump. For about ten minutes, the Ute changed speeds and I heard traffic noises. It then accelerated to a constant speed. I peeked out between the tailgate and the tarp. The vehicle was roaring along a bitumen road outside of town. Scrub and parched paddocks lined both sides of the road. The landscape looked similar to the one the Patterson brothers drove me through a few days ago.
The smoke had grown much thicker and turned the sun into a dull orb that cast a soft light. Tony Patterson said he was going home to deal with a bushfire threat. I didn’t consider that when I hid in the back of his Ute. I obviously should have. I was heading where no sane man would go. But there was nothing I could do about that now. I was stuck on the Ute until it stopped.
I lay down and stared up at the canvas cover. After about ten minutes, the Ute turned left and vibrated even harder than before. I peered over the tailgate again. The Ute was speeding along a dirt road, kicking up a plume of dust that dissolved into the smoke. The Patterson brothers drove me along a similar road.
I lay on my back for another fifteen minutes while the Ute rattled and rolled, and jarred my spine. It then climbed a gentle slope and took some sharp corners. With great difficulty, I sat up and looked out over the tailgate. Through dust and smoke and grey light, I saw the Ute was climbing through dense bushland. It passed several plain redbrick homes set back from the road. This area was obviously a retreat for people who didn’t want to live in Castleton.
I lay down again. After five minutes, the Ute turned right and bounced over rough ground for about 100 metres before stopping. The driver’s door opened and slammed shut. Footsteps faded away.
I pulled back a corner of the tarp and tentatively looked out. The Ute was parked in front of a single-storey red-brick house that sat in the middle of a small clearing in dense bushland. Near the house were a windmill, a rainwater tank and a couple of corrugated iron sheds.
Thick waves of smoke rolled towards me from behind the house. Through them, I saw, on the horizon, tongues of flame lick the sky. Hell was heading in my direction. Jesus. My decision to stow away in the Ute was totally crazy. I’d leapt out of a frying pan into a bushfire. 
I lost all interest in Veronica Patterson and focused on survival. I’d never been close to a bushfire before and had no idea what to do. That meant I had to find someone who did, fast. The most obvious candidate was Tony Patterson. True, he was only a motel manager. But he lived in the bush. He must have some idea how to survive the inferno heading our way.
 I trotted up a few concrete steps to the front door of the house. Locked. I could knock and demand entry. But what if I was refused? Best to go around the back and try to sneak inside. I jogged through smoke, laced with cinders, and tried to ignore the ominous glow on the horizon.
Behind the house was a plain concrete patio with a few deckchairs. A sliding glass door barred entry into the house. It slid open, thank God. I stepped into a shabby kitchen and closed the door behind me. The air inside was still fairly uncontaminated. No sign of Tony Patterson or anyone else. 
I crossed the kitchen and stepped into a dining room with chipped and scarred furniture sitting on a cheap, green carpet. As I did, an attractive blonde in her early thirties came through the far door clutching a big wet towel. I still didn’t know what Veronica Patterson looked like. However, the purplish bruises on her face had to be the handiwork of Alex Underwood. Hope and reason said I had found her.
She looked stunned. “Who the hell are you?”
“You’re Veronica Patterson?”
“Y-y-yes.”
“Paul Ryder. I’m the journalist you want to see.”
Two steps back. “Not anymore. You’re working for them.”
“You mean, Underwood and Tomlinson?”
“Y-yes.”
“I’m not. You’re completely wrong.”
“My brothers said you arranged for some men to follow their pickup.”
“Total bullshit. Those men work for Underwood and Tomlinson, but I have nothing to do with them. They were secretly following me. So, what’s going on? Why are Underwood and Tomlinson afraid of you? Why did you want to see me?”
Before she could answer, Tony Patterson stepped through a side door and pointed a shotgun that looked like it fired artillery shells. Shit. Was a runty motel manager in a threadbare cardigan about to shoot me dead? His flinty eyes said he could.
He said: “How do we know you’re legit?”
“Jesus, I’m unarmed; I’m here on my own.”
“How do we know that?”
My anger boiled over. “Where do you think the rest of my gang are? Standing outside enjoying the fuckin’ fresh air?”
His shotgun wavered. “Good point. How the hell did you get here?”
“I, umm, hid in the back of your Ute.”
“Shit. Why?”
“I worked out that you and Veronica were connected in some way; I hoped you’d take me to her.”
“Yeah, I’m her uncle. She’s been staying with me while everything is sorted out.”
Despite the dire circumstances, my journalistic curiosity reasserted itself. I looked at her. “So, what the hell is going on? Why are Underwood and Tomlinson afraid of you?”
Tony Patterson interjected. “There’s no time for that. We’re in deep shit. I didn’t realise how close the bushfires were. They’re all around us and one’s heading straight towards us. I think it’s a crown fire.”
“What’s that?”
“The worst possible bushfire. It’s racing through the tree-tops. It’ll be here in five or ten minutes. We’ve got to prepare this house for it.”
“Can we escape?”
“Nope. We’re cut off. One of the fires has crossed the gully and is coming up the side of the hill. I think it’s already jumped the road in a few places. We try to drive out of here, we’ll fry in the open. We’ve got to get this house ready. Don’t have much time.”
I imagined myself perishing in a fiery holocaust and wanted him to get the house ready while I cringed in a corner. “Maybe we should call the fire brigade.”
He looked ready to shoot me for stupidity. “Are you kidding? The volunteer fireys won’t come up that road right now. It’s a death trap.”
“Will they send a water bomber?”
A shocked expression. “Don’t make me laugh.”
He clearly understood bushfires. I had to put aside my instinctive prejudice against motel managers and put my life in his hands. “OK, OK. What do you want me to do?”
“Go around the house and pull all the curtains and blinds off the windows. They’re a big fire hazard.” He turned to his niece. “You run the bath. Then put as many wet towels and buckets of water as you can in the living room. It’s opposite the fire front. We’ll use it as our base.”
I said: “What are you going to do?”
“I’m going outside to move some gas bottles and turn on the sprinkler.”
“Gas bottles?”
“Yeah, a couple are standing against the side of the house. Got to move them. If I don’t, we’ll get blown to bits.”
As if we didn’t have enough to worry about. A wave of despair flooded through me. “We’re totally fucked, aren’t we? We don’t have a hope in hell?”
He tightened his grip on the shotgun and clearly wondered if he’d have to execute me to save himself and his niece. “I can’t lie. This is a hairy situation. But, if we all pull together, we might make it.”
Might? Jesus. He was being far too frank for my liking. However, his quiet authority and the impossibility of escape brought me to heel. “Don’t worry, I’ll do my job.”
“Good.”
I returned to the kitchen, now filling with smoke, and started tearing down the curtains. Through the window above the sink, I saw a phantasmagorical scene. The black smoke had turned day into night. Seething flames rippled out of the darkness and cinders smacked into the glass. Nature had transformed itself from scenery into a raging monster.
Tony Patterson, with a wet towel wrapped around his head, waddled across the sandy yard, a gas bottle in each hand, towards a corrugated iron shed. He soon disappeared into the smoke and cinders. Brave guy.
I left the kitchen and went around the house, pulling down curtains and blinds, while trying not to look goggle-eyed at the approaching inferno. The house had four bedrooms with scrappy furniture. But only the main bedroom and a small bedroom looked like they were being used. A closed suitcase on the floor of the small bedroom suggested that Veronica Patterson was sleeping in that bedroom. Unfortunately, I had no time to fossick around for whatever dirt she had on Underwood and Tomlinson.
The assignment I was given settled my nerves. However, when I got back to the kitchen, they quickly returned. Smoke and cinders were pummelling the house. Flames reached out and almost touched it. A couple of heavy objects - surely branches - landed on the roof. Holy Jesus. Smoke was seeping into the kitchen. It stung my eyes and clogged my throat. The temperature was climbing. Sweat poured out of me.
Bloody hell. I should have stuck to ghost-writing instead of chasing a scoop to keep myself amused. And I sure as hell shouldn’t have hidden in the back of a Ute that rushed me straight into a bushfire zone.
Several kangaroos burst out of the smoke and zoomed past the house. The rear door slid open and Tony Patterson staggered inside, wheezing and dabbing cinders with a wet towel. “Cripes, this fire is worse than I thought. I turned on the sprinkler, but the rubber hose will melt pretty soon. Let’s go into the living room.”
I followed him into the living room, where a threadbare velour sofa faced a huge flat-screen television. Veronica sat on the hardwood floor with her back against a wall, looking terrified. A pile of wet towels and several buckets of water lay nearby.
Tony Patterson looked at her. “Good work. You turned on the tap in the bathtub?”
“Yes.”
“Good.” The motel manager looked at both of us. “The three of us have to patrol the other side of the house, facing the fire, with buckets of water to put out any spot fires. Refill your bucket from the bathtub.”
My unquenchable optimism asserted itself. “What if that doesn’t work? We’re screwed, right?”
“No. We come back here and sit tight. It’ll take the fire front about 15 to 20 minutes to pass this house. After that, we can probably sneak outside.”
“You mean, if the house hasn’t burnt to the ground with us inside it?”
A disdainful look. “Of course. OK, let’s go.” 
He swaddled a fresh wet towel around his head, picked up a bucket and headed towards the kitchen. Veronica and I did the same.
The kitchen was now stinking hot. Smoke scratched my eyes and sandpapered my throat. The scene beyond the window filled me with horror. Tongues of flame writhed in the tree-tops and almost licked the house. Burning tree branches sailed through the air and crashed into the brickwork. The dry grass was aflame. Vortexes of smoke and cinders danced across the yard. The window shook. A preview of Hell.
A booming noise above my head made me duck. “What the fuck was that?”
Tony said: “The metal roof is buckling. My God. This is getting ugly. I’ll go down the corridor with Veronica. Stay here and put out any fires.”
He disappeared with Veronica, leaving me with only a thumping heart for company. The wall on my left started to glow. I peered through the smoke. Flames had seeped out of the benchtop and slid up the wall. Oh, God. I threw my bucket of water onto them. After retreating for a few seconds, they climbed faster than before. The whole benchtop burst into flames.
I stepped over to the sink and turned on the water. The tap stung my hand. After gurgling and spluttering for a while, the pipes coughed up some dirty water and then ran dry.
I was about to head for the bathtub, to refill my bucket, when I realised that was pointless. The fire now owned the house. I stumbled over to the door through which Tony and Veronica Patterson had disappeared. The corridor was filled with smoke. I coughed a couple of times and screamed. “Come back. Come back.”
Tony Patterson yelled. “What’s wrong?”
“Kitchen’s on fire. Can’t stop it. Going back to the living room.”
Loud coughing. “Alright, we’re coming.”
I edged towards the door to the living room. About ten seconds later, Tony and Veronica Patterson lurched into the kitchen, heads wrapped in towels, wheezing hard.
The flames had now engulfed the whole wall. Tony Patterson said: “Jesus.”
I stumbled towards the living room with them behind me. The heat and smoke made me light-headed. My eyes stung and my throat was packed with gravel.
Something was banging on the front door. What? The wind and fire were on the other side of the house. Maybe they had swirled around it. 
A desperate scream from outside. “Let me in; let me in.”
My God, someone was out there.
Before I could stop him, Tony Patterson strode over to the door and flung it open. A big guy lurched into the room, his beard and camouflage jacket speckled with cinders. He fell over and rolled around to extinguish them. Tony Patterson grabbed a bucket of water and poured it over him. The cinders went dead. 
The big guy rolled onto his back, struggling for breath. Christ, he was the crazy prepper called Gary. The last time I saw him, he was chasing me with murderous intent.
Tony Patterson said: “You alright, mate?”
“Yeah, yeah. Got a bit burnt, but I’m OK. I’ll survive.”
“Where the hell did you come from?”
“I live about ten kilometres to the south. The bushfire caught me in the open and I had to run for it. Thought I was fucked until I saw this house.”
“There aren’t any houses to the south.”
“Ah, well, I built mine recently.” He saw me and frowned. “Shit, you. What’re you doing here?”
Tony Patterson looked suspicious. “You two know each other?”
I said: “Barely. This guy’s a prepper. Lives in a bunker in the middle of the bush. Tried to kill me yesterday.”
“Rubbish, I was trying to help you.”
“Bullshit. You’re a lunatic.”
Tony Patterson waved his arms. “I don’t know what you two are talking about and don’t care. The fire’s almost here. We’ve all got to cover ourselves with the towels and keep still.” He looked at the prepper. “You cause any trouble, I’ll toss you out.”
He spoke like a drill sergeant rather than the manager of a worn-out motel. My doubts about him had evaporated. I was now a believer. 
The prepper showed his palms. “Sure, no problem, man.”
Everybody did as Tony Patterson ordered. I sat with my back against a wall and draped four towels over me, including one over my face. 
The prepper sat beside me and did much the same. He peeked through a slit in his towels and coughed. “Jesus, we’re screwed.”
I agreed with him, for once.
Tony Patterson piped up. “Not yet.”
The prepper pointed upwards. “Really? You seen that?”
The rest of us looked up at flames rippling across the ceiling. Tony Patterson said: “My God.”
I emitted an unmanly screech. “We’ve gotta get out of here.”
“We can’t. We’ll be burnt to a crisp outside.”
“We’ll be burnt to a crisp inside.”
“OK, OK. That means we’ve got to get into the crawl space. That might buy us some time. Follow me.”
Before I could object, he went over to a corner and yanked up a small wooden cover to expose a hole in the floor. He looked at Veronica. “Down there, fast, and lie still.”
She crawled across the floor and dropped through the hole. 
Tony Patterson looked at me. “You next.”
The prepper pushed me aside. “Out of my way.”
He scrambled across the floor and disappeared through the hole. Arsehole. I quickly followed him and had the satisfaction of kicking him somewhere as I descended.
I hit the ground and rolled away. Tony Patterson arrived straight after me. I looked around. The crawl space was about a metre high and covered the whole footprint of the house. Burning floorboards at the far end were producing plenty of light and smoke. Looked like we’d substituted one death-trap for another.
I placed a towel over my nose and mouth, to filter out the smoke, and looked at Tony Patterson kneeling beside me. “How does this help? We’ve got to get out of here.”
He had foaming red eyes. “We’ve gotta wait down here until the fire front passes through.”
“How long will that take?”
He held his towel over his mouth. “Maybe another five to ten minutes. Hard to say.”
“We won’t last that long.”
“Got to.”
Tell that to the fuckin’ bushfire. “How’ll we get out of here?”
“Follow me.” He crawled through the smoke to a small square metal hatch with a bolt. The bright light around the edges said the fire still raged outside. “We’ll leave through this hatch.”
We all lay close together with the wet towels over our heads, coughing and spluttering. Every so often, I peeked out and saw, through thick smoke, that the fire in floorboards was approaching fast.  
A wave of fatalism swept over me. I’d heard that most people died from heat stress and asphyxiation during bushfires, not burns. I hoped that I dropped dead before the flames melted my flesh.
After about five minutes, the fire in the floorboards was only a couple of metres away. The heat and smoke were unbearable. My fatalism dissolved. The yellow light around the metal hatch seemed to have faded slightly - or was I imagining that? “Tony, we’ve gotta get out of here.”
“I know.”
“Try the hatch.”
He grabbed the bolt and screamed. “Shit, too hot.”
After wrapping a wet towel around my hand, I slid open the bolt and pushed the hatch. Stuck. Damn.
Tony wrapped a towel around his hand and we both shoved the hatch. It bowed and shook before finally bursting open. Smoke and cinders swirled into the crawl space. It was impossible to see what was happening outside. But the heat of the burning floorboards was scalding my back and I was blocking the way out. 
I jumped outside, half-expecting to be roasted alive. Flames billowed from a window near my head. I ducked under them and danced through burning grass until I found a large area of charred grass and scattered embers. The other three soon joined me and we stood together with towels over our heads. Though the smoke was wispier than before, cinders kept sticking to our clothes and had to be slapped dead. The mad prepper stood near me, wheezing and looking subdued for once. He would not cause any trouble for a while. 
I looked in the direction from which the fire had come. Flames were still dancing in the gum trees and producing plumes of smoke. However, many of the trees were already burnt out. The fire front had plainly passed through.
The fire, though, had not finished with the house. Flames were pouring out of its windows and climbing through huge gaps in its buckled and twisted metal roof. Nothing could save it.
I sidled over the Tony Patterson and spoke through a wet towel. “Thanks for saving my arse - it’s very important to me.”
A wan smile. “Don’t thank me. It was a collective effort.”
I wasn’t convinced. “You certainly knew what to do.”
A shrug. “I grew up on a farm. When I was a kid, we survived several bushfires. You don’t forget those sorts of lessons.” A chuckle. “I bet you thought that, because I’m a motel manager, I couldn’t handle myself in a crisis.”
“Of course, I didn’t think that,” I lied.
“People don’t understand that being a motel manager is a tough job. Every day coughs up a new crisis.”
“Hah, I didn’t realise that.”
“Nobody realises it.”
I looked at the conflagration consuming his home. “I’m sorry about your house; I hope it’s insured.”
“The structure is insured, not the contents, but they weren’t worth much. My ex-wife took most of the valuable stuff. Can live without them.”
I was about to turn towards Veronica Patterson and demand to know what dirt she had on Underwood and Tomlinson, when an enormous explosion knocked me off my feet and onto my knees, ears buzzing. Large sheets of corrugated iron whirled over my head. I had to wait about ten seconds before my brain and ears started functioning again on emergency power.
I slowly examined my body and saw no obvious injuries. Then I realised that the others might not have been so lucky. I climbed to my feet and peered through the tendrils of smoke. Tony and Veronica Patterson were still on their feet wearing stunned expressions.
I looked at Tony Patterson. “What the hell was that?”
“The gas bottles I moved. I put them in the shed. Dumb move. Should have left them further away. Lucky we weren’t decapitated.”
I looked at Veronica Patterson. “You alright?”
An uncertain nod. “Yeah, yeah, I think so.”
I looked around for the fourth member of our group and didn’t see him. “Where’s the prepper?”
Tony Patterson scanned the area. “I don’t know. He was standing over there.” He pointed to a spot, several metres away, now vacant.
“Maybe he’s on the ground somewhere.”
We both roamed around the immediate area in case the smoke had obscured the prepper. No sign of him. 
I said: “He must have run off. Good riddance.”
“He did seem a bit mad.”
“You have no idea. I’ll tell you about our dealings some time.”
I impatiently turned towards Victoria Patterson whose pale face was powdered with soot. “Will you now tell me what the hell is going on? Why did you want to see me? Why are Underwood and Tomlinson and their thugs chasing you?”
An uncertain look. “You’re definitely not working for them?”
“Of course not. Surely, that’s obvious.”
She looked at her uncle. “What do you think?”
Tony Patterson nodded. “Tell him.”
“OK.” She looked at me. “I started working for Alex Underwood about ten years ago. He advertised in the local paper for an electoral officer. I applied and got the job. After that, I mostly worked at his electoral office in Castleton dealing with constituents. He was happy with my work and, five years ago, when he became a minister, he made me his personal assistant. I loved the job. I organised his diary and arranged his meetings, and made sure his life ran smoothly. I started to spend most of my time in Canberra. We got on well and, I guess, I fell under his spell. He had a lot of power and authority. I found that exciting. About three years ago, we started an affair. It went well, at first. He kept saying he had an unhappy marriage and he wanted to leave his wife and I was the only person who made him happy. But, after a while, I realised that was all bullshit. I also decided that I didn’t want to be someone’s mistress, let alone his mistress, and tried to break up with him. He begged me to stay and threaten to give me the sack. I eventually backed down and, of course, soon regretted that. We went through that process several times. Then I said I was definitely leaving him. That was when I found out that he was a nasty control freak. He got angry and punched me a few times. Even gave me a big black eye. He really is a sick bastard.”
“I heard from a source that he had assaulted you. That was why I tried to contact you in Canberra. Your friend - the big hairy guy - said you would see me in Castleton. What did you want to talk about? The assault?”
“No.”
“No?”
“Correct. At first, I wanted to tell the world about that. I even considered going to the police. Then, I realised that, if I did, I’d be dragged through shit and end up the big loser. That’s what happens to women who complain about powerful men.”
“So, why did you want to see me?”
“I wanted to give you an even bigger story about Underwood - one that would definitely destroy his career.”
“What story?”
“About his dealings with Tomlinson. You see, Underwood did a lot of favours for Tomlinson and, in return, Tomlinson put about $4 million in his Swiss bank account …”
I thought the bushfire pushed my heart to its limit. That was just a warm-up. “His Swiss bank account?”
“Yeah, about $4 million.”
 “Wow. Can you prove that?”
“Definitely.”
“How?”
A crooked smile and a slight pause for dramatic effect. “After he beat me up, I … I … stole his laptop.”
“You what?”
“I stole his laptop. He had a special one, hidden in his Canberra apartment, that he used for private business. He was very secretive about it. He often dragged it out and worked on it while I was there. Sometimes, when I asked him what he was doing, he said: “None of your business”. He wrote the password in the back of a book he kept in a drawer. I had a key to his apartment. After he attacked me, I let myself in and turned on the laptop. That was when I discovered all of the stuff that I just told you about. So, I stole the laptop and the password.”
“Cripes. You mean, the laptop proves the dirty dealings between Underwood and Tomlinson?”
“Yup. They emailed each other for years. Tomlinson kept asking for favours and Underwood kept granting them. Tomlinson even said, several times, that he’d put money into a Swiss account for Underwood.”
I said: “That was pretty indiscreet.”
“Tomlinson wasn’t worried. He often told Underwood to wiped all their emails off his computer and Underwood said that he would.”
“But Underwood didn’t?”
“Correct. He obviously couldn’t be bothered. Why should he be? His communications with Tomlinson were encrypted and the cops would never touch the personal property of a Minister of the Crown. A cop who did that would be committing career suicide.” She laughed. “But, even if Underwood wanted to wipe the emails, I don’t think he could have done so. He was lousy with computers.”
Her explanation for Underwood’s slackness sounded highly plausible. It also chimed with my belief that over-confidence and complacency brought down most criminal enterprises.
I said: “What about the Swiss bank account. Is there proof that Underwood has $4 million sitting inside it?”
“Yup. The bank emailed him account statements. He stored them on the laptop.”
“Wow.” Throughout history, obscure underlings had, by whispering a few pellets of poison to the right people, crashed empires and rocked governments. It was now her turn. Even in the cesspit of Federal politics, the contents of the laptop would, if revealed, destroy Underwood’s career and possibly the government. Underwood and Tomlinson might even face criminal charges. I was so close to a huge scoop that I had trouble breathing. Only sunburn hid my hot flush.
I could only write a story exposing the corruption if I possessed hard evidence. That meant getting my hands on the laptop. I glanced at the burning house. Oh, God. Was the laptop inside it, right now, melting into a puddle? I turned back towards her and struggled for breath. “Where’s the laptop?”
“I’ve hidden it.”
“Where? In the house?”
“No, somewhere else.”
Air seeped into my lungs. “Where?”
“Near here.”
“How near?”
A smile. “About 30 metres away.”
I scanned the property. Everything was either burning or a smoking ruin. My heart attacked my ribs. “Is it safe? Did the fire get it?”
“It should be alright. It’s well protected.”
Thank God. “Where is it?”
A long pause. “If I give it to you, you’ll make Underwood pay for what he did to me?”
“Of course, I will.”
“How?”
“I’ll write a story about what it contains and splash it all over the internet. I’m sure my story will get traction. But, if you give the laptop to a big news organisation, it’ll bury the whole scandal. The bosses and the bean counters and the lawyers will all gang up to make sure that happens. I’ll make sure it doesn’t.”
She looked at her uncle. “What do you think?”
A rueful smile. “Sometimes, I guess, you’ve got to trust someone.”
“I trust my family.”
“I mean, someone outside of the family.” A long pause and a nod. “Give it to him.”
“You sure?”
“Yes.”
She looked back at me. “If I give you the laptop, will you tell everyone that I stole it and gave it to you?”
“That’ll be a matter for you. You’re my source. I’ll hide your name if you want.”
“OK, I’ll think, about that. Follow me.”
She led her uncle and me around the house, through swirling smoke and cinders, and headed towards the twisted wreckage of the windmill.  
She said: “We buried it under the windmill a few days ago, in a little metal box. It should still be OK.”
While I waited impatiently, Tony Patterson, using a towel to protect his hands, pulled aside some of the twisted metal at the base of the windmill to expose a spot on the ground. He crouched down and sounded worried. “This is strange.”
I said: “What do you mean?”
He pushed away loose soil to create a divot and looked shocked. “Oh shit.”
“What’s wrong?”
“It’s gone.”
 “Don’t joke.”
“I’m not.”
Anger surfaced. They weren’t allowed to offer me a super-scoop and then whisk it away. Not after all the pain I had endured to reach this moment of glory. “How can it be gone?”
“I don’t know. We buried it here. Someone else dug it up.”
“Maybe it’s further down.”
“It’s not; it’s gone.”
Veronica Patterson gasped. “This is crazy. I can’t believe this.”
I looked at Tony Paterson. “Who the hell could have dug it up?”
“I’ve got no idea. You tell me.”
“Maybe the two thugs working for Tomlinson.”
“Yeah, or the mad prepper who turned up during the bushfire. Maybe he’s been lurking around the house, keeping an eye on us.”
“That’s possible.”
Or maybe these two were trying to con me. But they had no reason to do so and looked suitably aghast.
I sighed. “Either way, it’s gone. We won’t recover it. This is the end of the line.”
Veronica said: “You mean, that scumbag Underwood will get away with beating me up and taking money from Tomlinson?”
“Yes, unless you go to the police and complain that he assaulted you.”
“I don’t want to get involved in a criminal case. It’ll be just my word against his, and he’ll get an expensive barrister to call me a liar.” She put her face in her hands and sobbed. “This is so unfair.”
Her uncle put an arm around her shoulders. “It’s alright, pet. This isn’t the end of the world.”
After some more sobbing, she wiped away her tears and half-smiled. “I suppose you’re right. It just feels like it. You shouldn’t be consoling me, anyway; you just lost your house.”
“Forget about that. We all survived. That’s what counts.”
I disagreed. If I had snared the laptop, I would have reached the pinnacle of my career in journalism long after that career seemed over. It would have been one of greatest comeback stories in history. That dream was now shattered. My grieving process would be long and hard.
To add insult to injury, Tony Patterson’s Ute was now a burnt-out wreck and we had to no transport back to Castleton. We would have to wait until someone turned up and rescued us. Fortunately, the fire front was now a kilometre away. The only smoke we received came from burnt-out sections of bushland.
While waiting, we sat on a small brick retaining wall and watched the death throes of the house, which groaned and screeched like a wounded animal. The big question was whether the roof, which continued to buckle and sag, would eventually collapse.
Everyone was too despondent to talk. After a while, I felt incredibly thirsty and spied a water tap nearby. I turned it on and gulped down the cool water. It tasted wonderful.
Tony Patterson said: “I wouldn’t drink too much of that, mate.”
I gulped down some more water and glanced over my shoulder. “Why not?”
“That’s septic water.”
I spat out the small amount still in my mouth. “Christ, you could have told me earlier.”
A broad smile. “You were too quick for me.”
“You got any potable water?”
“Nope. The fire destroyed the rainwater tank.”
“And I suppose you can’t offer me a beer, either?”
Another laugh. “Afraid not.”
I wasn’t too upset about drinking the septic water: I was more afraid of dehydration than infection.
I sat beside Veronica Patterson and resumed watching the dying house. After a while, she leaned towards me. “I guess I should apologise.”
“Why?”
“For bringing you all of the way up here and almost getting you killed for no reason. I’m sorry about that.”
I tried to sound debonair. “Think nothing of it. It’s been an interesting expedition. Just tell me this: why did you decide to talk to me in the first place?”
“After Arnold Granger said you wanted to talk to me, I spoke to a few people I trust in Canberra and they said you were a maverick who wouldn’t sell me out. That was all I wanted to hear.”
“Arnold is the husband of your friend Ruth?”
“Yes.”
“He’s a big hairy guy?”
“Yes.”
“He said he’s a librarian. Didn’t look like one.”
A shrug. “They don’t all look meek and mild.”
We silently watched the fire consume the house. After about 30 minutes, a wall collapsed and the roof finally pancaked. Soon afterward, a Volunteer Bushfire Brigade truck drove into the property with four volunteer fireys sitting in the front cabin. The fireys all climbed out. They looked tired and their yellow turn-out uniforms were covered with dirt and soot.
The team leader - a big, bearded guy in his forties - frowned at us. “What’re you doing here? There was an evacuation order.”
Tony Patterson said: “You mean, the one you guys issued half-an-hour before the fire reached this place?”
“It gave you plenty of time to evacuate.”
“Don’t make me laugh. If we followed that order, we’d be dead right now.”
A shrug. “No point debating that. At least, you’ve survived. Others didn’t.”
“People have died?”
“Yup. The bushfire destroyed every single house in this area - about 20 - and killed four people. Nastiest fire I’ve ever seen. There was nothing we could do to stop it. Just had to stay out of its way. At least we know who started it.”
“Who?”
“Some lunatic who lives in a bunker about ten kilometres from here. Looks like he decided to cook in the open and the fire got away. Total madness. The cops are after him.”
I was surprised and not surprised to hear that the prepper called Gary had started the fire. “I know who you’re talking about. That guy turned up here for shelter during the bushfire. Then he disappeared.”
“I bet he ran off. But, don’t worry, the cops will catch him. They found his truck near the bunker with his driver’s licence in the glove box. They just have to wait for him to surface. They’ll throw the book at him. He’ll spend at least ten years inside. Idiot.” 
I said: “Where are you heading now?”
“Back to Castleton for a break. Do you guys want a lift?”
Veronica Patterson looked at her uncle. “Should we go with them?”
“Yup. Nothing we can do here. I’ll come back tomorrow and sift through the ashes.” He looked at the team leader. “Let’s go.”
We all climbed into the truck. As it headed towards the front gate, I studied the devastated property with a sense of awe. It was where I finally learnt the awesome power of Nature and its profound indifference to my fate.



CHAPTER FOURTEEN

I drove back to Canberra with the sour taste of defeat in my mouth. I was so depressed that I barely noticed the lousy food I ate on the way and the succession of tradie vehicles that tailgated me for kicks. I had always believed that nobody gets what they deserve in life. Indeed, they usually get the opposite. Despite that, I felt that I deserved some reward for all of the pain and suffering I had endured. But that would not happen. It also grated that Underwood and Tomlinson would not account for their misdeeds. For years to come, I would have to watch those two crooks strut across the public stage and keep robbing the public.
I left Castleton just before dawn and arrived home just after 7 p.m. Despite being dog-tired, I was delighted to see Anne and Tommy and they seemed happy to see me. I had already told Anne on the phone that my trip to Castleton did not pan out, without providing the gruesome details. After we tucked Tommy into bed, we ate some reheated pasta and drank some red wine while I gave her a blow-by-blow account of my trip. Relief at being home again and the alcohol made me more candid than usual. I even described how, while trying to escape the two thugs, I got lost in bushland. When I recounted my encounter with the crazy prepper, she looked shocked rather than surprised. The only character I wrote out of my story was Tanya Larsen. Anne thought I was always sniffing around for a chance to cheat on her. She didn’t realise that my days of skirt-chasing were over. I wish I could say that was due to late-onset maturity. But I strongly suspected that I had just flamed out.
When I finished my tale, she scowled. “I always thought that Underwood and Tomlinson were total scum. I was too nice. But they’re going to get away with their crimes, aren’t they? In fact, they’re going to commit a lot more.”
“Afraid so. Without the laptop, I have no story. People would just laugh at me.”
A frown. “Well, at least you’re safe and sound; that’s something, I suppose,” she said in a thin tone.
It was too early to go to bed. Anne forced me to watch the final episode of Celebrity Lifeboat. The two remaining wretches - I mean, contestants - looked barely alive. One became so crazed with thirsty that he started drinking seawater and had to be helicoptered to a hospital somewhere. Then it was discovered that the last surviving contestant had smuggled a secret stash of freshwater onto the boat. She was also disqualified.
Anne groaned. “Jesus, they can’t do that. There has to be a winner.”
I was now enjoying myself. “Maybe the ending is supposed to be a metaphor for life.”
“Are you kidding? This is reality TV. There are no metaphors.”
“Good point.”
“They’re just trying to stir up anger and create controversy.”
“Have they succeeded?”
“You’d better fucking believe it.”
We then watched a late news programme. About halfway through it, the news presenter said that that the Australian Cricket Board had announced that Andy Stafford, the fast bowler who stepped back from cricket after killing an English batsman, would soon resume his playing career. The programme cut to the chairman of the ACB standing outside its headquarters in Melbourne with a horseshoe of reporters around him. The chairman said that Stafford would be returning to cricket “both refreshed and with a deeper understanding of his responsibility to the game.” Nobody asked the chairman what that meant. But a journalist did ask whether Stafford would be talking to the press. The chairman said there were no immediate plans for that. However, he expected that Stafford would answer questions “in due course”.
I wasn’t surprised that cricket administrators had let Stafford play again. Like every sport, cricket needed heroes, but it needed villains even more. Stafford would put bums on seats.
I had been commissioned to ghost-write Stafford’s autobiography. However, I pulled out when I realised that Stafford wanted to whitewash his callous indifference to the death of the English batsman. Even I could not tolerate such dishonesty. I now wondered if I was too hasty. Stafford’s return to cricket would dramatically boost the sales of his autobiography. Whoever replaced me as his ghost-writer would receive a slice of the royalties and make a fortune. However, after climbing onto my high horse, I could not dismount.
The news presenter started another item. Anne turned to me and smiled. “You must be happy to hear that Stafford’s going to play again. Your book will be a bestseller.”
I suddenly remembered that I hadn’t told her that I returned the ghost-writing commission. I knew she would be very unhappy with me when I told her and decided to break the news when she was in a good mood.
Oh, Jesus, she was in a lousy mood right now. My failure to bringing Underwood and Tomlinson to account and the pissy ending of Celebrity Lifeboat had ensured that. But I had to tell her now because she would eventually find out what I had done. Any further delay would get me into more trouble.
I instinctively wriggled further away from her. “I’m, umm, not ghosting that book anymore.”
“Why not?”
I could tell her that Stafford took a dislike to me and gave me the boot. But that would be humiliating. Better to tell her the truth: that I acted on principle. She might appreciate that. “I would have had to write stuff that I did not want to write.”
A harsh stare pushed me further along the couch. “What stuff?”
I explained, with some trepidation, why I returned the commission.
A spectacular eyeroll. “Are you mad? You’re just a ghost-writer, for Christ’s sake. Your job is to write what you’re paid to write, then ride out of town. What’s so difficult about that?”
My appeal to principle was less successful than I hoped. My last weapon was indignation. “I didn’t realise you had so much contempt for ghost-writing.”
Her scowl heated up my face. “Then you haven’t been paying attention, have you? I’ve always made that very clear.”
I realised, in retrospect, that she had made that clear and I ignored her. But I couldn’t admit that. “No, you haven’t. I thought you respected my job.”
“Then you were wrong. I’ve never respected it!”
“OK, OK. You’re entitled to your opinion, I suppose. But I’ve still got to do what’s right. I have moral responsibilities,” I said with staggering pomposity.
“Your only moral responsibility is to earn enough money to feed your family and put a roof over our heads. But you don’t even do that. I have to pay most of the bills.” A deep sigh. “Look, I know you’re a bit, umm, different to most men. That is, in fact, one of your most appealing traits. I appreciate that, I really do; I don’t want to be in a relationship with a clone. But there are limits - there really are.”
Time to prostrate myself. “I’m very sorry, I should have kept the job.”
“Of course, you should have. You should have also told me about this a lot earlier. Why didn’t you? What were you waiting for?”
“I guess I forgot to tell you.”
“How could you forget something like that?”
A shrug. “I got busy and it slipped my mind.”
A penetrating stare. “Really? You know, there’s something else you recently forgot.”
“What?”
“Think hard, buster.”
I obviously forgot something big. What? I wanted to remember and didn’t want to remember. Either way, I was damned. “I, umm, don’t know.”
“You forgot my birthday, didn’t you?”
Oh, shit. She was right. “It was last Thursday, right?”
“Yes.”
“Well, you can’t blame me for that. I was lost in the bush that day. And, after that, I was running around like my pants were on fire. So, umm, do you still want a present?”
“Of course not.”
“You sure?”
“Yes.” She gave me the look - anger scented with disdain - that she reserved for my biggest stuff-ups. In a mythical tale, her look would have turned me to stone. A long, guttural sigh. “What have I done to deserve this?”

CHAPTER FIFTEEN

Anne was chilly in bed, chilly at the breakfast table and chilly when she left for work. I don’t know where she found the energy to be so … chilly. Tommy, though, was delighted to have his one-man chauffeur, valet and faithful companion back home. He got himself ready for school without prompting and was ready to leave on time.
As I drove down the driveway, he started interrogating me, as usual. “Dad?”
“Yes, Tommy.”
“Where did you go, when you went away?”
“I drove up north to a town called Castleton.”
“Why did you go there?”
“I had to meet a woman and ask her some questions.”
“What sort of questions?”
“It’s a long story. If I try to explain, you’ll get bored and fall asleep.”
“OK. But Mum thinks you had a different reason.”
“Really?”
“Yes.”
“How do you know that?”
“I heard her talk to Grandma on the phone.”
I was afraid to hear what Anne told that fright-bag, who hated my guts. However, I was a moth to the flame. “What did she tell Freda?”
“She told Grandma that you were off on another holiday.”
“She actually said ‘another holiday’?”
“Yeah, and she used the f-word. That was naughty.”
I was annoyed about Anne’s comment. However, she found it hard, when chatting to Freda, to avoid criticising me. Criticism was all Freda wanted to hear. I also realised that Tommy was getting very good at playing Anne and me off against each other. I would have to watch that. Time to change the topic. “How’s your relationship with Bradley going? Is he still your girlfriend?”
“Nah, not anymore.”
“Why not?”
“He said I had to be his girlfriend sometimes.”
“You mean, you’d take turns?”
“Yeah.”
“What did you say?”
“I said I didn’t want to be a girlfriend. So, we’re just friends again.”
“Wise move.”
Anne had baked a small birthday cake for Tommy’s teacher. So, instead of just dropping Tommy off at the school gate, I pulled up in the car park and, with Tommy trailing behind me, carried the cake across the playground and into the school building. We strolled along a couple of corridors to his homeroom and found his teacher sitting behind her desk preparing for the day ahead. While I presented her with the cake, Tommy shot off to play with his mates. She took the cake and asked me to thank Anne for her efforts. She said that Tommy was a lovely kid, though quite mischievous at times. Before she could list his crimes, I said I would not bother her any longer and backed out of the room.
I did not expect to see Tomlinson’s thugs again. They had recovered the laptop that Veronica Patterson stole and had no reason to follow me. However, as I left the school building and headed back across the playground, I instinctively looked around for their Lexus. No sign of it. But something else caught my eye. What? Another quick scan of the vicinity. Now, I saw it. Two bulky men with indistinct features sat inside a white Audi sedan parked about 100 metres away.
Two guys sitting in a parked car was an unusual sight, particularly outside a school.  Had Tomlinson’s thugs resumed following me? Were new players on the scene? Or had my paranoia resurfaced like a recurring disease.
As I drove out of the car park, I kept an eye on the Audi. It pulled out from the curb and followed me at a distance. Christ. What the hell was going on?
I was desperate to get a closer look at the occupants of the Audi. I drove over to a local strip mall, parked in front of a liquor store and went inside. I quickly circled around to the long window overlooking the pavement and hid behind a cardboard display. The Audi drove slowly past the store and I got a good look at the front-seat passenger, who I’d seen before. Blondy!
I had assumed that, after they recovered the laptop, Tomlinson’s two goons would declare victory and leave me alone. Why were they still following me? Were they planning to kill me to shut me up! Bloody hell. Of course, killing me would be a dumb move because I could not prove any of the allegations Veronica Patterson made against Underwood and Tomlinson. Indeed, I would probably cause Underwood and Tomlinson more trouble as a corpse than as a living, breathing human being. But the goons probably didn’t think like that. They thought violence was the correct solution to every problem.
As the Audi disappeared around a corner, fear rippled through my body. What the hell should I do? My top priority, of course, was to get a grip on myself. I gradually slowed my racing heart and contemplated my next move. I could approach the police and tell them that, after a cabinet minister beat up his mistress, she stole his laptop and, as a result, a coal-mining billionaire had ordered my death. However, that option had plenty of drawbacks. For a start, the cops would demand to know the name of the mistress - Veronica Patterson - and I would refuse to provide it. Further, the cops, who hate treading on the toes of the powerful, would be desperate to disbelieve me. My story was crazy enough. It didn’t need that handicap.
My only other option was to hold my nerve and go about my daily business while trying to think of a better option. I reluctantly decided to do that.
I left the liquor store and drove home. On the way, I kept looking in the rear vision mirror for the Audi. I glimpsed it a few times, a long way back. But I didn’t see it for the last ten minutes of the drive. Maybe the goons were just trying to spook me. They were warning me to keep my head down. That seemed unlikely. But it was a fairly benign assessment of their intentions and, for that reason, I latched onto it.
I needed some strenuous activity to settle my nerves. Anne had been demanding, for some time, that I paint a couple of walls inside the house. The time was now right. We kept all of the material I would need in a small cellar under the house. I entered the cellar through a door in the side of the house and carried the material upstairs.
I had just started frenetically preparing the walls when the front doorbell erupted and I almost shed my skin. Bloody hell. Had the bad guys decided to pay me a visit? Was Death at the front door?”
I slipped into a bedroom near the front door and peeked through the window. A stocky guy wearing a yellow fluorescent Australia Post jacket stood on the front porch holding a bulky package. I couldn’t recall ordering an item that needed delivery. However, Anne was always buying goods online. Several were delivered every week. This guy must be delivering something for her. I’d better answer the door before he lost patience and took the parcel to the local post office.
As I scuttled around to the front door, it crossed my mind this might be a trap. The delivery man could be an assassin in disguise. No, don’t be stupid. If I surrendered to that sort of fear, I’d end up spending my days cringing in a wardrobe. With a surge of adrenalin, I opened the door.
The delivery man had just started turning away. He turned back and smiled. “Hi, got a parcel for you.”
He was definitely unarmed. I glanced over his shoulder. No sign of the bad guys or anyone else in the background.
I said: “Fine, thanks.”
He didn’t ask me to sign anything. Just handed me the parcel and said: “Have a good day.”
I looked down and saw my name and address printed on the front of the oblong-shaped parcel. Anne obviously didn’t buy the item inside. But I couldn’t remember buying anything that required delivery. Maybe all the stress I’d undergone had made me forgetful. Or maybe I was losing my mind.
I stood on the patio and pretended to watch the delivery man climb into his van while, in truth, quickly scanning the vicinity for the bad guys. Still no sign of them. But they must be out there, somewhere.
I stepped back inside the house and started pulling off the plastic wrapping. Then I realised that the parcel might contain a bomb and almost shrieked. Half of me feared that I would be blown to bits; the other half feared that paranoia was devouring my sanity.
Get a grip, you gutless wanker, and open the parcel. My shaking hands tore off the wrapping and I saw … a laptop.
Oh, my God.
My hands shook so hard that I almost dropped the laptop. I refused to believe it was the one that Veronica Patterson stole from Alex Underwood. I was convinced that Tomlinson’s thugs recovered that laptop. Yet, this must be it. It could not be anything else.
While I tore off the wrapping, I had ignored a card that fluttered to the floor. I picked up a “Best Wishes” card with a silly photo of a kitten on the front. I opened the card and read the large neat handwriting inside.

Paul, you were right, I was working for the wrong dudes. Hope you find the laptop useful! I’ve written the password on the base.

Tanya

P.S. You’re still the best reporter I know.

My legs buckled. I sat on the carpet with my back against the wall. I thought that Tomlinson’s two goons had retrieved the laptop from its hiding place on Tony Patterson’s property. Wrong. Tanya discovered the hiding spot and removed it. However, instead of giving the laptop to her boss, Tomlinson, she sent it to me.
Tanya had plenty of greed and ambition. But, when we met in Castleton, I suspected that she had qualms about working for scum like Tomlinson and Underwood. That was why I advised her to walk away from them. It looked like my advice struck a chord. However, instead of making a big show of walking away, she sabotaged them by sending me the laptop. They would never know that she had brutally knifed them in the back. She might even get paid for her non-efforts.
I was proud of her and wanted to thank her. But I doubted that, even if I could contact her, she would want my thanks. She would not like being reminded that her conscience finally had a win.
I now realised why Tomlinson’s two thugs were following me around. After Tanya recovered the laptop from under the windmill, she didn’t tell Tomlinson or his thugs that she had it. So, Tomlinson assumed that I had the laptop when I left Castleton and sent his thugs to repossess it. That assumption was wrong. But now, ironically, I did have it.
I turned it over and saw that Tanya had, as promised, written the password on the base. I went into the kitchen, set it up on the table and entered the password. It worked!
After making sure the laptop was off-line, so that Underwood could not track it remotely, I anxiously skimmed through its contents. The email folder contained correspondence between Underwood and Tomlinson, a Swiss bank, his accountant, and numerous family and friends. There was also a folder the held dozens of Swiss bank statements, in pdf format, and another folder with numerous family photographs. It would be extremely difficult for Underwood to deny he owned the laptop.
With mounting excitement, I spend a couple of hours reading through the emails between Underwood and Tomlinson. They covered the whole period - several years - during which Underwood was the Minister for Mining. In his emails, Tomlinson constantly asked Underwood for favours. Some were quite minor. For instance, Tomlinson sometimes asked Underwood to help a foreign-born employee get a local work permit or asked Underwood to meet with some Chinese businessmen who Tomlinson was buttering up. However, some requests were staggeringly corrupt: Tomlinson often asked Underwood to water down environmental safeguards that restricted his coal mines or grant him coal exploration licences over federal land. He also said that a national carbon reduction target would “severely damage” the coal industry and demanded that Underwood stop the government setting one.
Underwood usually did what Tomlinson wanted. He had a big incentive to do so. Tomlinson often made it clear that, if Underwood did his bidding, Tomlinson would “look after” him and send money to “the usual place”.
The email correspondence was also quite amusing at times. Even though Underwood was a Minister of the Crown, Tomlinson often adopted a bullying tone and treated him like a lowly employee. Tomlinson obviously felt that, since he was paying for Underwood’s services, Underwood should immediately comply with every demand. Just as amusing were Tomlinson’s frequent instructions to Underwood, during the early days of their correspondence, that Underwood delete all of the emails he received. Underwood kept assuring him that he had done so despite, obviously, not bothering. Tomlinson eventually stopped issuing those instructions and the issue disappeared. Their attitude in that regard supported my belief that most criminal conspiracies founder on the rocks of laziness and overconfidence. Underwood and Tomlinson’s wealth and power made them particularly prone to those vices. 
Having seen enough in the email folder to destroy ten political careers, I turned to the folder containing pdfs of bank statements with great expectations and was not disappointed. Underwood was clearly a man who liked keeping an eye on his money, especially when held in a secret foreign bank account. The bank statements showed that he opened his account with Privatbank Zurich four years ago. Since then, there had been numerous transfers into the account and no withdrawals. It now held US$4.1 million. I looked back at the email correspondence between Underwood and Tomlinson and saw that most of the transfers into the account were made close to the times when Tomlinson said he would pay Underwood. 
By the time I had finished looking through the laptop, I was emotionally drained. The contents proved that Underwood used his ministerial position to help Tomlinson and, in return, received millions of dollars. It was official corruption on a grand scale. If I played my cards right, the contents of the laptop would pancake Underwood’s career and maybe the whole government. He would also go to gaol and have the taxman chasing him into the next life. Tomlinson would be publicly disgraced and probably go to gaol as well.
However, destroying them would not be an easy task. There were many big obstacles in my way. The most immediate one was the reappearance of Tomlinson’s thugs in my life. They probably suspected that I had the laptop. I had to keep it out of their hands.
Even worse, when I tried to publicised the contents of the laptop, Underwood, Tomlinson and almost every major institution in Canberra would do everything possible to discredit the contents or sweep them under the carpet. I had to grab the attention of the public - and convince it that the contents were authentic - before the bad guys closed me down. Further, when I tried to publicise the contents, Underwood and Tomlinson would attack me with a snarling pack of lawyers. I expected to see plenty of pompous guys in horsehair wigs and black gowns in the near future.
I had spent decades observing the dark underbelly of Canberra politics and knew that an avalanche was heading towards me. I had to make sure that I skied out in front of it.
I resumed painting the wall and tried to think up a plan of action. After an hour of frenzied thinking, I finally had one. I was quite pleased with it, even though I would have a bumpy ride.
My first priority was to get someone to copy the data on the laptop. My plan would immediately fail if I lost the laptop - my hard evidence - without a good back-up. Fortunately, I knew just the right man for the job: Kyle Barrett. Apart from being a computer whiz who was keen on my daughter, he had plenty of courage. He proved that several years ago when I got him to do some computer hacking and, due to my gross stupidity, the police arrested him. The cops only released him without charge because he was, at that time, a juvenile. After that, he had every right to cut me out of his life. However, the experience did not faze him and he kept working for me.
I was reluctant to use my mobile phone to contact him in case Tomlinson’s thugs were monitoring it. However, I had no other option and was fairly sure the thugs could not intercept telephone calls. Usually, only government agencies had that sort of capability.
However, the thugs could probably bug my house. If they’d done that, a hidden microphone might catch me talking to Kyle on the phone. I had learnt from watching 1960s spy movies that the best way to interfere with a bug was to have running water in the background. I went into the bathroom and turned on the bath taps. Then I sat on the edge of the bath and phoned Kyle.
He quickly identified himself. A television was burbling in the background.
I said: “Hello, Kyle, it’s Paul Ryder. Can you talk?”
“Sure, though I can’t hear you too well. Are you near a waterfall?”
I stepped away from the running water. “Is that better?”
“Yeah. What’s happening, Mr Ryder.”
“I want to make five copies of the hard drive of a laptop. Is that difficult?”
“You mean, you want to clone the whole drive?”
“Yeah, I guess that’s what I want.”
“It’s easy to clone a whole drive; it’ll cost a bit though. You’ll have to buy five external hard drives for storage. That’ll set you back about $1,000. Do you want me to clone the drive for you? Won’t take me long.”
I really liked Kyle and didn’t want to drag him into a dangerous situation without fair warning. Thankfully, I was pretty sure that, if I did warn him, he wouldn’t care. The kid had no fear. What a blessing in life. He would become an internet billionaire or a gaol inmate, or both.
I said: “Yes but, before you agree, I should mention that the data I want copied is politically sensitive - it’s thermonuclear, in fact. I’m going to use it to torpedo some big careers.”
“That’s great,” he said with commendable enthusiasm.
“Maybe. But some dangerous people are desperate to recover the laptop. They might get violent. Are you sure you want to get involved?”
“Why are you involved?”
“I hate seeing crooks get away with shit.”
“So, you’re wearing the white hat, right?”
“Definitely.”
He paused. “You know, a lot of my friends think your generation really sucks. It’s screwed up the planet and stolen our futures. I think they’re right. But I can’t complain about your generation if I don’t help you try to make things better, can I?”
The kid was smart and well-informed. That realisation produced a sinking feeling that he would never marry my daughter. “That’s true. Together, we’ll build a bright new world in the ashes of the old.”
“Hah. How do I get this laptop? Do you want me to pick it up?”
“Yes, but that won’t be easy.”
“Why not?”
“The bad guys are following me around. They’re probably watching my house.”
“That’s where you are, right now?”
“Yes, with the laptop.” 
“How do I pick it up without them noticing?”
“I have a plan.”
“What sort of plan?”
“A good one, of course.”
“You sure? Some of your plans are crap.”
He spoke from personal experience.
“Don’t worry, this one’s a beauty.”
“What is it?”
“Can you lay your hands on an electric bike or a motorcycle?”
“Why?”
“We need one for the plan.”
“I can get an electric bike, I guess. A lot of my university friends work part-time as food delivery riders. One of them will lend me his bike.”
“Excellent. Then this is the plan …”

When I finished talking to Kyle on the phone, I turned off the bath taps and realised it was almost time for me to collect Tommy from school. I preferred to stay in the house and hide from the thugs. However, that was not an option. I couldn’t leave Tommy standing around in the schoolyard on his own; I also had to maintain my normal routine to keep the goons calm.
I hid the laptop in the bottom of a linen closet and ensured that every door and window in the house was locked. When I climbed into my car in the driveway, I surreptitiously looked around for the bad guys. No sign of them. However, I felt their presence.
I quickly drove over to the school and found Tommy waiting at the front gate. He climbed into the car and I zipped back to the house. No signs of forced entry. I checked inside the linen closet. The laptop was still there, thank God. I sent Tommy off to watch television and pulled out my laptop. I typed up a long article that summarised the incriminating evidence I found on Underwood’s laptop. Then I screenshot the most damning emails and bank account statements on his laptop.
Anne arrived home quite early. I didn’t want to tell her about the sudden appearance of the laptop. However, I had no choice. Its presence in the house compromised her safety and she’d soon find out about it, anyway. Then, my cover-up would be worse than the crime.
I was still worried that the bad guys had bugged the house and decided that, just in case, I would also talk to Anne in the bathroom with the water running. Soon after she arrived home, I said we should bath Tommy.
“He doesn’t need one. We gave him one last night.”
“He still needs a wash. He looks like he’s been rolling around in the dirt.”
“No, he doesn’t.”
“You’re wrong.”
A puzzled look. “OK then, you bath him and I’ll get dinner ready.”
“No, we should both give him a bath.”
“Why?”
I dropped to one knee and made an extravagant pleading gesture. “Let’s do this together.”
She thought I was playing the fool. “No.”
“Please,” I whispered. 
She realised I was never this foolish. “What’s going on?”
“Please,” I whispered again.
A frown and nod. “Alright, then.”
We shepherded Tommy into the bathroom and I turned on the bath taps. She started pulling off his clothes.
I said: “He doesn’t need a bath. That was just an excuse to get you in here.”
She stopped undressing Tommy. “What game are you playing?”
“I’m worried that someone’s bugged this place. I’ve turned on the taps so they can’t hear us.”
A huge eye-roll. “Have you gone crazy?”
“No. I told you about the bad guys who work for Tomlinson. Well, I saw them outside the school today. They’re watching me.”
“Christ. Why? You don’t have the laptop.”
“Actually, umm, I do.”
“You do?”
“Yes. It turned up, today. Someone from Australia Post delivered it.”
“Are you serious?”
Tommy, still in his trousers, said: “I don’t wanna have a bath.”
I said: “You don’t have to. Go watch television.”
“Oh, goodie,” he said and escaped before we changed our minds.
I described to Anne how an Australia Post delivery man turned up with a package, addressed to me, with the laptop inside.
“Who sent it?”
If I mentioned Tanya, Anne might run for a kitchen knife. I was strongly tempted to lie. But why should I? I had acted nobly for once and was tired of lying. “Ah, a woman called Tanya Larsen.”
Her eyes narrowed. “Who’s she?”
“I once worked with her in the Canberra bureau of the Sydney News. She was a cadet reporter. Anyway, she ended up working for Tomlinson and he employed her to recover the laptop from Veronica Patterson. I ran into her in Castleton.”
Her eyes were now slits. “Ran into her?”
“Yup.”
“You didn’t mention her before?”
“Umm, no.”
“And, if she works for Tomlinson, why did she send you the laptop?”
“I can explain that.”
Her dentist would hate the way she clenched her jaw. “You’d better.”
I took a deep breath and explained how Tanya slotted into the Tanya-less story that I previously told her.
Anne’s face writhed with anger and suspicion. “So, she sent you the laptop because she had a crisis of conscience?”
“Correct.”
“Is that the only reason?”
I hoped that, if she headed for the cutlery drawer, she didn’t grab the carving knife. That was a weapon of war. “What do you mean?”
“Did you bonk her in Castleton?”
“I only met her twice, as I said, and there was no bonking - none at all.”
“Why should I believe you? You were a well-known pants man before we met.”
Anne had never raised my sordid past so directly. “Who told you that?”
“You don’t need to know - I protect my sources.”
Should I disclose that my relationship with Tanya involved thwarted lust and no more? Don’t be stupid. Keep it simple. “Look, nothing happened between Tanya and me - nothing. My past is, well, past. I’m not lying; I wouldn’t lie to you.”
“Oh, really? You lied when you didn’t tell me about her.”
“No, I didn’t. I didn’t mention her.”
“It was a lie of omission.”
That sounded like lawyer talk. “I was afraid that you’d misconstrue our relationship - as you’ve done.”
“Bullshit. And why did she suddenly switch sides? Sounds like she’s got a soft spot for you.”
“No, she doesn’t. She eventually listened to her conscience. That happens to people.”
A sorrowful look. “I wish I could believe you.”
“You should. I mean, look at me. I’m falling apart. A beautiful thirty-year-old woman would not have the hots for me.”
“You mean she’s beautiful?”
Big mistake. “She’s, umm, presentable.”
A loud snort. “Yeah, right. I bet you had the hots for her.”
Honesty was killing me. Time to throttle it. “No, I didn’t.”
“Rubbish.” A long sigh. “Anyway, we’ll return to that issue later. We’ve got more pressing problems, haven’t we?”
“What do you mean?”
“You said the bad guys are watching you and might have bugged this place.”
Thank God. She’d finally stopped obsessing over whether I had an out-of-town root and turned her mind to the thugs lurking on our doorstep.
I said: “I’m sure they’re watching us; I don’t know if they’ve bugged the house. We’ve got to assume they have.”
“What are you going to do about them?”
“I’m going to use the stuff on the laptop to destroy Underwood and Tomlinson. That should get them off our backs.”
“You mean, you’ve got a plan?”
“Yes. Do you want to hear it?”
A violent headshake. “No, I don’t. I’ll think it’s crazy and stupid and I’ll get even more upset, if that’s possible. Just tell me what I need to know when I need to know it. Keep the rest to yourself.”
“OK. But that means I’ve got to tell you what’s about to happen.”
“What’s that?”
“A guy is about to deliver a pizza.”
“A pizza?”
“Yes.”
“What’s that got to do with your plan?”
“You said you didn’t want to know too much.”
A hesitation. “That’s right. I don’t want to know. Just tell me this: what sort of pizza is he going to deliver?”
“I don’t know. I left it up to him.”
“Jesus.”

Fifteen minutes later, Anne sat at the dining room table helping Tommy draw animals with crayons and I sat in the living room watching the evening news. The front doorbell rang.
I yelled to Anne that I’d answer the door and nervously approached it. “Hello.”
“Hello, pizza delivery.”
I opened the door. Kyle Bennett stood on the front porch holding a large insulated food delivery bag. Every time I saw him, he looked brawnier. Computer nerds were getting bigger every year.
I’d warned him that the house might be bugged and he should stay in character.
He said: “You ordered a pizza?”
“Yes. Put it on the sideboard and I’ll give you a tip.”
He stepped into the house, took a pizza box out of the delivery bag and put it on the sideboard. I took Underwood’s laptop out of the top drawer of the sideboard and slipped it into his delivery bag.
Kyle cheekily put his hand out for a tip. I had no cash available and shook my head. 
A laugh. “Thank you, sir.”
He left the house and trotted down the patio steps. After tying the delivery bag onto the back tray of an electric bicycle, he pedalled off into the night. 
I took the pizza box into the dining area and put it on the table. I hadn’t told Kyle what sort of pizza I wanted. I opened the box and saw it was pepperoni.
Anne frowned. “Pepperoni? I don’t like pepperoni.”
Tommy said: “I don’t like it, neither. It’s too hot.”
I said: “Don’t worry, I’ll take the pepperoni off your slice.”
A frown he must have learnt from his mother. “OK.”
I already had plenty to worry about. Now, I was getting grief over a pizza. I felt genuinely sorry for myself.


CHAPTER SIXTEEN

The next morning, Anne headed off to work and I drove Tommy to school. However, instead of dropping him at the front gate, I pulled up in the car park. 
Tommy said: “Why you stopping here, Dad?”
“I’ve got to give your teacher a message.”
A trusting gaze. “Sure.”
Lots of kids were buzzing around in the playground. I crossed it with Tommy trailing behind me. I was carrying my son’s hefty school bag. On the way, I glanced over at where the bad guys sat in their Audi the day before. They had returned.
I entered the school building and turned to Tommy. “You can go and play with your mates if you want.”
“Thanks, Dad.” 
He scuttled back into the playground and I continued towards his homeroom, which I found empty. I had hidden my laptop in Tommy’s school bag so the bad guys didn’t see it and mistake it for Underwood’s. I now extracted it and left his school bag on his desk. I then crossed to the other side of the building, where I slipped out through a fire exit and climbed over a small fence.
Kyle Barrett sat behind the wheel of a GoGet car parked against the curb, as we had arranged. 
I climbed in beside him. “I can’t thank you enough for this.”
He smiled. “No problem. I’m enjoying myself.”
“Did you copy the hard-drive of the laptop?”
“Yep, cloned it five times. The laptop and three solid-state hard drives are in a bag on the back seat. I kept two hard drives and hid them away, like you told me to.”
“Excellent. Did you look at the contents of the laptop?”
“Nah, didn’t have time. I’ll find out soon enough, hey?”
He was a cool customer.
I said: “You sure will.”
“Did anyone follow you this morning?”
“Yep, the bad guys are sitting in a car, on the other side of the school, right now. We’d better get moving.”
As we had planned, Kyle drove over to a hotel on the outskirts of Civic where I had booked a room for the day. It would be our command centre. After he parked underneath the hotel, we caught a lift up to the reception area and I checked into the hotel. I was allocated a room on the fifth floor.
I turned to Kyle. “We can’t go upstairs yet.”
“Why not?”
“We’ve got to wait for someone.”
“Who?”
“Veronica Patterson.” I glanced at my watch. “She said she’ll be here by 9.30 - that’s five minutes from now.”
“You didn’t mention her.”
I smiled. “I only spoke to her after we chatted.”
“Why is she joining us?”
“You’ll see.”

The previous evening, after I had retreated into the bathroom and turned on the water taps for the third time, I mobile phoned Veronica Patterson.
She answered fairly quickly. “Hello.”
“Hi, this is Paul Ryder. Hope you’re well.”
“I’m fine.”
“Where are you right now?”
“I snuck back to Canberra; I’m staying with my friends Ruth and Arnold Grainger.”
“Good. I’ve got some great news.”
“What?”
“Brace yourself: I’ve got Alex Underwood’s laptop.”
A stunned pause. “You’ve got what?”
“I’ve got Alex Underwood’s laptop.”
“Oh, God, I think I’m going to throw up. How the hell did you get it?”
“It’s a twisty story. Basically, a friend of mine was working for Tomlinson. I ran into her in Castleton. She located the laptop under the windmill. However, instead of giving it to Tomlinson, she gave it to me.”
“Why?”
“A crisis of conscience.”
 “She sounds like an unusual woman.”
“She is.”
I expected her to be a little suspicious of the surprise reappearance of the laptop. She didn’t seem to be. The hell we endured together during the bushfire seemed to have created a bond.
She said: “Where is the laptop, right now?”
“A friend has it. I’ve asked him to make copies of the hard-drive - a lot of them. I don’t intend to lose the data again.”
“Good. Have you read the material on the laptop?”
“Of course. It’s dynamite. If we use it properly, we’ll ruin Underwood and Tomlinson.”
“How are you going to use it?”
“First, I’m going to publish a story about it on the internet, then I’m going to take the laptop to the cops.”
“OK. Do you want me to do anything?”
“Yes. I want to mention your name in my story. But I need your permission.”
A pause. “You mean, you want to tell everyone that I had an affair with Alex Underwood and I stole his laptop after he assaulted me?”
“Yes. That will make it a lot easier to sell my story. It’ll tie everything together and authenticate the material on the laptop.”
“My name will probably come out anyway, won’t it?”
“Yes.”
“Then, you have my permission. You can say I had an affair with him and he beat me up and I stole his laptop and whatever else you want to say. I reckon that, if I’m going to make him account for what he did, I should account for what I did.”
She was really growing in my estimation. “Good. And you’ll go with me to the police?”
A pause. “Do I have to?”
“You do if you want Underwood to go to gaol. The cops will be reluctant to charge two powerful guys like Underwood and Tomlinson with corruption. They won’t have much choice if you verify that the laptop came from Underwood. Do you want them to go to gaol?”
“Definitely, for as long as possible. But, if I talk to the police, I’ll get into trouble for stealing the laptop, won’t I?”
“Probably. But they won’t care much about that. At most, you’ll get a fine.”
“OK. There’s no point pussyfooting around, is there? I’ll go with you to the police.”
“Good.”
“When are you - we - going to do all of this?”
“Tomorrow. It looks like Tomlinson’s men are circling about. So, I’m going to give them the slip and set up a base of operations at a hotel tomorrow morning. Will you meet me there?”
“Sure. Which hotel? What time?”
I gave her the details.
“Great, I’ll see you there.”

Veronica Patterson entered the hotel reception area almost right on time. To my surprise, she had Big Hairy Guy beside her. She obviously did not trust me entirely, which was understandable. I admired her caution.
She said: “Hi, I brought Arnold along for, umm, support. I hope you don’t mind.”
“Of course not.” I nodded towards my companion. “This is Kyle, a friend of mine. He’s my computer guru.”
After everyone shook hands, we all caught a lift up to the fifth floor. Our “room” was really a studio apartment that overlooked Northbourne Avenue. I put my laptop on the coffee table and connected it to the hotel wi-fi. I accessed the story I wrote the previous day about the misdeeds of Underwood and Tomlinson, and read through it one last time.

DIRTY DEALINGS BETWEEN MINING MINISTER AND COAL BARON
by
PAUL RYDER

The coal mining billionaire, Eric Tomlinson, has made corrupt payments totalling $4.1 million to the Federal Minister for Mining, Alex Underwood. He paid that money into a secret Swiss bank account that Underwood maintains. In return, Underwood has used his ministerial office to do Tomlinson numerous favours.
Their corrupt dealings surfaced after Underwood physically assaulted his personal assistant, Veronica Patterson, with whom he was having an affair. She then took his private laptop, which is now in the possession of this reporter. 
The laptop contains email correspondence between Underwood and Tomlinson in which Tomlinson asks Underwood to do him various favours, including watering down environmental restrictions on his coal mines and granting him coal exploration licences. In return for these favours, Tomlinson paid large sums into the Swiss account.
Screenshots of numerous emails and bank account statements, extracted from the laptop, which prove these allegations, are attached to this story …

The article then gave a detailed history of the corrupt dealings between Underwood and Tomlinson, and frequently cited the emails and bank account statements that were attached. It was about 5,000 words long.
After reviewing the article and correcting a few grammatical errors, I got Veronica to read through it. She did so and said she was happy with its contents.
A few years ago, I had set up an internet blog and a twitter account, both under my name, on which I sometimes published opinion pieces and comments about the political scene. The blog had several hundred followers and the twitter feed had several thousand.
I was about to post my story and the supporting documents on the blog when I had an idea. I looked at Veronica. “We could film a video clip of you giving your version of events and post that on the blog as well. That would definitely personalise this story. Matter for you, of course.”
She glanced at her friend, Arnold, who shrugged and said it was her decision. 
After a brief hesitation, she nodded. “Yes, why not? We’d better attack with all guns blazing. We’re only going to get one shot at this, right?”
“Correct.”
“What do you want me to say?”
I told her. Kyle then used his phone to film her making a short statement and sent the video clip to my laptop. I watched it with Veronica looking over my shoulder.

“Hello, my name is Veronica Patterson. I was until recently the personal assistant of the Minister for Mining, Alex Underwood. We also had an affair that lasted for three years. That affair ended when he bashed me about a week ago. When I said I was going to leave him, he gave me a black eye and several bruises around the face. I think you can still see signs of them. Anyway, after he attacked me, I stole his private laptop. The contents of the laptop show that he had a corrupt relationship with the coal baron, Eric Tomlinson, and Tomlinson paid a lot of money into his Swiss bank account. I’ve provided that laptop to the journalist, Paul Ryder, and he’s written a story about it. Maybe I shouldn’t have stolen it. However, when Alex Underwood attacked me, he lost my respect. I’m now going to give the laptop to the police so they can prosecute him and Tomlinson. I will probably be accused of being bitter. I can assure you that I am.”

Veronica looked at me. “What do you think?”
“Brilliant. Folks, it’s showtime.”
I posted my story, the supporting screenshots and the video clip of Veronica on my blog. Then I tweeted a link to the story. I had the email addresses of dozens of journalists, press secretaries and politicians on my laptop. I also sent the link to every one of them.
When I had finished, I said: “That should burn down the house.” I looked at Veronica. “Now, let’s go and see the cops.”

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN

The Australian Federal Police was one of the many public institutions in Canberra for which I had little respect. I’m sure its officers investigated garden-variety crimes with reasonable competence. However, they were deeply reluctant to investigate the crimes of their political masters who, they knew, dealt harshly with anyone who crossed them.
In fact, I had only met one cop who might be honest. I once helped Superintendent Rex Dyson catch the murderer of a cabinet minister and thought he was a decent guy. However, I never got to stress-test his honesty and still had lingering doubts about him.
I hadn’t spoken to Dyson for about five years and hoped he was still on the force. After posting the material about Underwood and Tomlinson on the internet, I phoned him on a private number he once gave me.
To my relief, he answered quickly. “Dyson here.”
“Hello, Superintendent. This is Paul Ryder. Do you remember me?”
His voice lost its chirp. “Of course. How could I forget you? You nailed the murderer of Brian Catt. What do you want?”
“I assume you’re still on the force. You haven’t retired yet?”
“No, I’m still here. But I suspect that, after we’ve finished talking, I’ll wish I had retired.”
“That depends.”
“On what?”
“Whether you want to investigate a massive corruption scandal.”
He suddenly sounded unwell. “You mean, a political corruption scandal?”
“Yes. I have evidence - hard evidence - that a minister of the crown and a billionaire are up to their necks in corruption.”
“What type of evidence?”
“I’ve got a laptop which nails them to the wall.”
“Whose laptop is it?”
“The Minister once owned it.”
“You mean, he gave it to you?”
“Ah, no, it’s more complicated than that.”
“I bet. What are you going to do with this laptop?”
“I’m about to take it to Police Headquarters; I’ll be with the woman who obtained it. I hope you’ll meet us when we arrive.”
Another long pause and a sigh. “Oh, hell. If I’m not there, you’ll probably frighten some junior detectives to death. There had better be at least one adult in the room.”
“We’ll be there in about fifteen minutes.”
“When you arrive, tell the Duty Sergeant to give me a call.”

Only Veronica Patterson and Big Hairy Guy accompanied me to the Headquarters of the Australian Federal Police. Kyle had a couple of university lectures to attend and was not needed. I thanked him and he departed.
The headquarters was a huge exposed concrete structure that enclosed a quadrangle. I parked near the front entrance and the three of us strolled into the entrance hall, where I told the Duty Sergeant that we had an appointment to see the Superintendent. He picked up a phone and announced our presence.
A few minutes later, a bulky man with a weary face emerged from a lift and headed straight towards me. A wan smile. “I hoped I’d never see you again.”
“That is a common refrain.”
I introduced my companions and the Superintendent shook their hands.
He looked at the laptop that Veronica was holding. “That’s the laptop?”
“Yes.”
“Alright. You and Ms Patterson should come upstairs and tell me what this is all about.” He looked at Big Hairy Guy. “You won’t be needed.”
“No problem.” Big Hairy Guy looked at Veronica. “I’ll see you later. Give me a call if you need any help.”
“Will do.”
As he departed, the Superintendent took us up to the second floor and led us through a cubicle farm where lots of detectives were housed. He told two detectives - a male and a female - to follow us.
He led everyone into a large room where we sat around a small conference table. While the junior detectives took notes, Veronica and I took turns describing how, after Underwood beat up Veronica, she stole his laptop and I chased her to Castleton and obtained possession of it. The only information we withheld was that Veronica lost possession of the laptop for a while. I asked Veronica not to mention that so we didn’t have to bring Tanya Larsen into the story.
While we spoke, the detectives looked increasingly worried, particularly after I described how some thugs kidnapped me and took me to the rural retreat of Eric Tomlinson for an audience. Tomlinson was an incredibly powerful man. They saw their careers circling a drain, and suddenly realised how big their home mortgages were and how much longer they had to pay school fees.
When I said that I had already posted a story about the laptop and its contents on my blog, the Superintendent frowned. “You mean, you’re trying to snooker us?”
“No, we’re trying to tell the public about political corruption. But, if we’ve snookered you, I’m glad. We’re the little guys in this mess. We’ve got to use every weapon we’ve got. Otherwise, we’ll get crushed. You should read my story, anyway. It gives a good summary of what’s on the laptop.”
The superintendent scowled. “I should thank you, then?”
“Of course.”
While Veronica and I talked, the unopened laptop lay on the conference table in front of us. The Superintendent had said, at the start of the meeting, that he did not intend to open it. “I accept what you say about its contents. But I want our forensics guys to open it first.”
When Veronica and I had finished telling our tale, the Superintendent told his male offsider to go and get an evidence bag. The detective returned with a large clear plastic bag. He placed the laptop inside it, sealed it, and wrote the date, time and location on a flap.
“We want an evidence receipt,” I said firmly.
After giving me a hard stare, the Superintendent looked at the male detective. “Ted, give him one.”
The detective went away and came back with a thick pad. After inserting a piece of carbon paper, he wrote out a receipt and gave the original copy to Veronica.
The Superintendent said: “Satisfied?”
I said: “Yes.”
“Alright, we’ll look at what’s on the laptop. Then we’ll bring you both back to provide written statements. Understand?”
We both said: “Yes.”
He turned to Veronica. “You realise, of course, that you’ve admitted stealing this laptop?”
“Yes.”
“That may have consequences.”
“I know. I’ll take whatever punishment you dole out.”
“OK.”
I said: “Is there any chance a judge will exclude the laptop because it was stolen?”
“Nope. The police didn’t act illegally and it shows high-level corruption. A judge won’t exclude it. Alright. Let me show you both out.”
The Superintendent led us back through the cubicle farm to the lifts. Just before we reached them, he looked at me. “By the way, did you copy the hard-drive of the laptop?”
“Of course.”
“How many copies?”
“Quite a few.”
A frown. “You’re not taking any chances, are you?”
“Would you?”
“You can trust us. We’re not crooks.”
“I trust you,” I said with more conviction than I felt. “But I don’t trust anyone else in this building.”
“We’ll have to change your view.”
“Please do.”
He said that, if the two thugs bothered me again, I should give him a call. Then he ushered us into the lift and said goodbye. As we descended to the ground floor, I pulled out my phone and checked to see how much attention the story on my blog was receiving. It had already been read several thousand times and was starting to trend on twitter. Good.
I drove Veronica to the home of Arnold and Ruth Granger in Parker. They were both at home, with their two young children, so I finally got to meet Ruth. She was a petite woman with a big smile.
I only stayed for a few minutes. Then I climbed back into my GoGet car and drove over to the local school that Tommy attended. I had organised for Anne to pick up Tommy when school finished and she had texted me to say she’d done that. However, I still had to pick up my own car which I left in the car park.
I left it there when I gave Tomlinson’s thugs the slip. The big question now was whether they were still lurking about, waiting for me to return. I parked the GoGet car a couple of blocks from the school and edged along the pavement. It was now 4 pm. Several kids in after-school care were running around the playground and half a dozen cars sat in the large car park, including mine.
I didn’t expect to see the bad guys. Surely, they realised that I had detected their presence that morning and abandoned my car. However, to my surprise, their Audi sedan was still parked in the same place. The goons were waiting for me to return. They clearly weren’t quick learners.
I lurked behind a hedge while I worked out how to reach my car and drive off without them rearranging my features. I didn’t want to bother Superintendent Dyson so soon after our meeting. An idea popped into my head. I pulled out my phone and dialed triple-zero.
A woman answered. “You have phoned the Australian Federal Police hotline. How can I help?”
“My name is Paul Ryder. My son attends Ainslie Primary School. I just noticed a couple of guys sitting in a car outside the school, watching the playground. They were there yesterday as well. I’m sure they’re not parents. I’m very suspicious.”
“What sort of car is it?”
“A white Audi sedan. They just sit there looking at the playground. It’s spooky.”
“We’ll send a patrol car as soon as possible to have a look.”
“Thank you.”
I slunk along the street and slipped behind a large hedge near the Audi. A few minutes later, a patrol car, lights and siren off, sidled around a corner and stopped behind the vehicle. Two chunky male cops with buzzcuts and wearing Robocop body armour climbed out.
The two goons didn’t notice the presence of the cops until one of the cops tapped on a side window. Blondy lowered the window and looked up at the cop. “Yes, sir?”
“What are you doing here?”
“We’re, umm, waiting for someone.”
“Who?”
“Umm, I’m not sure.”
“You’re not sure.”
“That’s right.”
“Maybe you’re watching the kiddies in the playground?”
“Of course not. Don’t be fucking stupid.”
That was a poor choice of words. The cop scowled and put his hand on the butt of his pistol. “Get out of the car very slowly, with your hands in sight. Your friend behind the wheel should stay where he is.”
Blondy slowly emerged from the car wearing a work jacket. The cop demanded to see some identification. Blondy fished a wallet out of a trouser pocket and handed over a card.
The cop glanced at it and handed it back. “Can you tell me, now, who you’re waiting for?”
“Ah, no, I’ve forgotten.”
A frown. “Alright, turn around and put your hands on the car.”
“I don’t think …”
The cop wiggled his holstered pistol. “Do it.”
Blondy did as he was told.
The cop frisked him with one hand and felt something under the work jacket. “Christ.” The cop whipped out his pistol, spun Blondy around, reached into the work jacket and dragged out a pistol. “Holy shit.”
The other cop had slid around the car to keep an eye on the driver. He now pulled out his pistol and trained it on the guy. “Get out of the car slowly.” When the driver had complied, he patted him down. No pistol.
The first cop held up the pistol he took from Blondy. “You got a license to own this weapon and carry it about?” 
A mute stare.
“You don’t? Boy, are you in trouble.”
While the first cop handcuffed Blondy, I left my hiding place behind the hedge and sauntered towards the school car park. Blondy saw me out of the corner of his eye and scowled. I shrugged sympathetically.



CHAPTER EIGHTEEN

The next morning, I woke early, strolled into the kitchen, set up my laptop on the table and anxiously surfed the internet to gauge the reaction to my corruption story. The story itself had received over ten thousand views, and “Underwood” and “Tomlinson” were trending fast on twitter. Plenty of tweets had links to my story. However, the mainstream media had stayed away from it. Hopefully, they would climb aboard before the caravan disappeared over the horizon.
I said nothing to Anne about the story when she entered the kitchen. She had told me that she didn’t want to talk about it and I respected that. After she went to work, I took Tommy to school and returned home.
I sat in the kitchen and drank coffee while fielding calls from several journalists who had my phone number. They kept asking whether the story on my blog was true. I said that of course it was fucking true and demanded that their media organisations report its contents. It then became obvious that the journalists just wanted to gossip and their organisations would not touch my story. They proffered plenty of excuses: it wasn’t their story; their defamation lawyers wouldn’t let them repeat it; they hadn’t seen the evidence I relied upon … blah, blah. I soon terminated their calls.
At about 10.30 a.m., I received a phone call from an unknown number. Just in case it was someone who would help me promote the story on my blog, I answered it. “Paul Ryder here.”
An officious voice. “Mr Ryder, my name is Michael Kemp. I’m a partner of Clough & Tuck. Have you heard of us?”
I had. It was one of the biggest law firms in Australia with offices in all capital cities and links to major firms in New York, London and Shanghai, and so forth. According to Anne, its nickname in the legal profession was ‘Clusterfuck’.
“How did you get my number?”
“Someone gave it to me.”
“Who?”
“I can’t divulge that. My firm acts for the Federal Minister for Mining, Mr Alex Underwood. Before I continue, I should warn you that I am taping this conversation. I hope you don’t mind.”
“Of course not. Tape away.”
“Good. My client demands that you immediately hand over the laptop in your possession.”
“Are you saying that he owns it?”
A pause. “Ah, no, I’m not saying that.”
I had anticipated that the lawyer would not concede that. If Underwood admitted that he owned the laptop he would also be confessing that it was genuine. He definitely did not want to do that.
“Then he has no right to demand the laptop, does he?”
“He demands you hand it over.”
“He can only ask for something that he owns. Does he own it?”
“That is, umm, none of your business. Hand it over.”
I sighed. “We’re going around in circles, aren’t we? But, even if I wanted to hand it over, I couldn’t.”
“Why not?”
I was tempted to hide that we gave the laptop to the police. Let Underwood find out for himself. But I was anxious to put in the boot. “It’s now in the hands of the police.”
“It’s what?”
“In the hands of the police. Veronica Patterson and I gave it to them yesterday afternoon.”
“Are you serious?”
“Of course. We went over to police headquarters and had a long and friendly chat with three detectives. We then handed over the laptop.”
“Doing that was an outrageous - absolutely outrageous - thing to do.”
“How is helping the police investigate massive corruption outrageous?”
“You made false accusations and provided them with false evidence.”
I was starting to enjoy myself. “Look, I know you’re getting paid a fortune to say that sort of guff - so I don’t take it personally - but we both know it’s bollocks.”
“How dare you.”
“Do you have anything else to say? Can I get back to my coffee?”
“Yes, my client also demands that you immediately take down the libellous article about him on your blog.”
“Why should I? It’s all true. He knows that.”
“It is a farrago of lies.”
“Hah, hah, hah. Are you serious?”
He sounded genuinely annoyed. “My client has instructed me that, if you don’t take it down, I am to immediately approach a judge and seek an urgent order that you take it down.”
I had been threatened with legal action many times during my career in journalism and even been sued a few times without success. Those encounters taught me that lawyers were just paper tigers. They’re not allowed to shoot you or even beat you up. In fact, they can’t hurt a tiny hair on your chin. They can only make mealy-mouthed threats to drag you before an overdressed clown in a horsehair wig.
The other big lesson I learnt from dealing with lawyers was that it pays to be aggressive. Mr Kemp from ‘Clusterfuck’ was trying to frighten me. I should reciprocate. “I’m not taking it down, so you’d better approach a judge. But tell me this: when you do, what’s your client going to say?”
“What do you mean?”
“Is he going to admit that it’s his laptop? If he does, the judge will know he’s a crook and chase him out of court. Or is he going to commit perjury and risk going to gaol?”
“I don’t intend to discuss our tactics with you.” 
“I should also warn you that, if you take me to court, Veronica Patterson will give evidence on my behalf. We’re now very close. She’ll explain how your client assaulted her and confirm that it’s his laptop. Your client will be in even greater shit.”
“You’re bluffing.”
“I’m glad you think so.”
A long pause. “Well, umm, even if my client does not seek urgent relief, he will still sue you for defamation and ask for punitive and exemplary damages, and costs of course. Every moment that article remains on your website, he will suffer further damage to his good name.”
The weasel was in full retreat, but not to a safe place. I had sniffed around the legal system for long enough to know that litigation is a wonderful game for the very rich and the very poor. It’s a desperate gamble for people with a house they cannot afford to lose. Fortunately, like all sensible muckrakers, I had no significant assets in my name. My only real asset, I suddenly realised, was the love of Anne. Otherwise, I was dirt poor.
I said: “Your client can sue me damages if he wants. However, before he does, you should do a property search to see what real estate I own.”
“Why?”
“Jesus. You mean, you haven’t done one yet? Unbelievable.”
“Don’t tell me my job.”
“Well, if you do a search, you’ll discover that I own no real estate. Nada. Zero. Zilch.”
“None?” He sounded shocked. He obviously thought that all adult humans owned real estate. I bet he was a bloodsucking landlord who owned lots of rental properties.
“Correct.”
“What about the house you live in?”
“Not mine. My partner owns it. Oh, and I earn bugger-all income and I’m overdrawn at the bank. I thought about making a Will and decided there was no point. We can’t all be rich lawyers, you know. Of course, your client can still take me to court if he wants. But, if he does, I’ll have a hell of a lot to say when we get there. I’ll still be talking when all of his money runs out. He’ll then have to dip into his Swiss bank account - which will create problems of its own, of course - or you guys will have to act pro bono. Any chance of that?”
“Your attitude to your legal responsibilities is pathetic.”
“So is your client’s corruption.”
A long pause. “I will take further instructions from my client.”
“Do that. Can I have a copy of the recording?”
“What recording?”
“You said you were going to record this conversation.”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“Liar.”
I hung up and flattered myself that I handled his call rather well. However, I had a big advantage he didn’t know about: I argued with a lawyer every night.
About ten minutes later, I got a phone call from a solicitor from another huge law firm who announced that he acted for Eric Tomlinson. He didn’t demand the return of the laptop, of course, but otherwise made similar threats and demands to his colleague. I provided similar responses. After huffing and puffing for a while, he also announced that he would obtain further instructions from his client and terminated the call. 
After that, I fielded several more calls from mainstream journalists who had my phone number and wanted to talk about the story on my blog. They were also more interested in gossiping than reporting its contents. I quickly ended their calls.
Just before noon, though, I got a call from Cory Burke, a political adviser to the Opposition Leader, Terry Maxwell. Cory was an experienced and adept political staffer whom I’d known for a long time.
“Paul, I’ve read the article on your blog. It’s totally frickin’ amazing. I almost fell out of my chair. Have you heard from Underwood and Tomlinson’s lawyers yet?”
“They’ve phoned me.”
“What did they say?”
“I’m not sure. They were extremely agitated and made little sense.”
“Hah. What did you say?”
“Told them to get stuffed.”
“Good on you. The big question now is how we promote your story. I want it on the evening news.”
“You mean, you believe it?”
“Of course, I do. You’re unpopular with many of your colleagues. But nobody’s ever accused you of peddling bullshit. Your biggest problem is that you don’t peddle it.”
“Thank you.”
“I also heard a rumour about a week ago that Underwood beat up a female staffer. I didn’t pay much attention because stories like that come and go, and you never get to the bottom of them. But it fits very neatly with your story. After he beat her up, she stole his laptop and gave it to you, right?”
“Correct.”
“Where’s the laptop right now?”
“We gave it to the police, yesterday afternoon.”
“Excellent.” He was obviously glad that the police would investigate Underwood’s crimes. He also realised that, if we delivered the laptop to the police, it must be authentic. People often lie to cops, but rarely give them fake evidence. That is a classic way to end up in gaol. “I bet the cops were thrilled to receive it.”
“Hardly.”
“Do you trust them?”
“Not really. That’s why I made plenty of back-up copies.”
“Hah, hah, good man.”
“So, how are we going to get my story on the evening news?”
A pause. “I’ll get my boss to ask a few questions about it during Question Time. That should do the trick. Tune in at 2 p.m.”
I felt a surge of relief. Question Time would nail the story onto the political agenda. “Great.”

Question Time was originally intended to give Opposition members a chance to interrogate Government ministers and hold them to account. No longer. These days, most ministers ignored the questions asked and launched virulent attacks on Opposition members, instead.
However, the session was still the centrepiece of the parliamentary day. The news media could not ignore an issue raised during it.
I turned on my television just before 2 p.m. and watched parliamentarians wander into the House of Representatives. The Prime Minister and Underwood were among the last to appear. They sat close to each other on the Government front bench. Though there was only a long shot of Underwood, he looked nervous and diminished.
When the Speaker of the House asked if there were any questions without notice, the Opposition Leader, Terry Maxwell, stepped up to the dispatch box. Maxwell was a chunky man with minimal charisma and poor popularity ratings. There was constant speculation that ambitious colleagues were planning to replace him as leader of their party.
I felt a wave of fear when he reached the dispatch box. Maybe Cory Burke spoke too soon when he said Maxwell would ask Underwood about my allegations of corruption; maybe Maxwell would chicken out. If Maxwell raised my allegations and they were proved to be true, that would take a lot of pressure off his leadership. However, it was a big step for a politician - especially an Opposition Leader - to raise an issue like corruption in Federal Parliament. If my allegations proved to be false, his leadership would go down in flames.
Maxwell said: “Mr Speaker, my question is directed to the Minister for Mining, the Right Honourable Member for Tennison. Minister, a prominent political journalist has alleged that Eric Tomlinson deposited $4.1 million in your Swiss bank account. Has Mr Tomlinson or anyone associated with him deposited any money in an account which you hold?”
Maxwell didn’t back out. While I fist-pumped several times, the Government Leader of the House sprung to his feet. “I object to that question, Mr Speaker. It is a breach of Standing Orders.”
The Speaker looked perplexed. “How?”
“It concerns a personal matter. It does not relate to the Minister’s performance of his duties.”
It was a dumb objection. It merely announced that Underwood and the Government had something to hide. The Opposition benches erupted in laughter and the chamber descended into an uproar. Schoolyard taunts sailed back and forth. Opposition members screamed that Underwood should “answer the question” and “stop hiding”. The mutts behind the Prime Minister yelled that the question was a "disgraceful slur” and should be withdrawn. It was like watching two primitive tribes bang on their shields and shake their spears during ritual combat.
The Speaker repeatedly called for order and ejected several Opposition members. He was a former Government member and usually protected its interests. However, he got so excited that he also ejected a Government member. The House lapsed into stunned silence.
The Opposition Leader of the House climbed to his feet. “Mr Speaker, if receiving a $4.1 million bribe is not relevant to the Minister’s performance of his duties, what is?”
The two Leaders of the House hectored the Speaker about Maxwell’s question for a few minutes. However, the Speaker could not spare the Government. “I reject the objection and allow the question.”
Underwood climbed to his feet, red-faced and nervous, and grabbed the dispatch box as if he might fall over. “Mr Speaker, I categorically deny that Eric Tomlinson or anyone associated with him has paid me a cent or that I have a Swiss bank account. I am aware that a scurrilous article on a shabby internet blog has made those allegations. Utterly untrue. I have put this matter in the hands of my lawyers. Appropriate action will be taken.”
Underwood sat down and the mutts behind the Prime Minister yelled "hear, hear".
I was now highly satisfied. Maxwell’s question put my allegations on the political agenda. Underwood’s denials were irrelevant. There would now be a lot of pressure for a proper investigation.
To his credit, Maxwell returned to the fray. He stood at the dispatch box and directed another question at Underwood. “The journalist in question says that he obtained one of your laptops. Is one of your laptops missing?”
Underwood returned to the dispatch box and spoke in a loud and slightly cracked tone. “I only have one laptop. It is still in my possession. I have absolutely no idea what this grubby journalist is talking about. That is just another one of his lies.”
He sat down and Question Time moved on to other issues.
An hour later, I got a phone call from the Prime Minister’s press secretary. He asked if I had copied the hard-drive of the laptop. I said that I had. He asked if I would provide him with a copy. I said that it could be collected from my house at any time. He said he would send someone over straight away.





CHAPTER NINETEEN

After Question Time, the mainstream media outlets could not ignore my allegations against Underwood and Tomlinson any longer. They reported what happened during Question Time and, to provide context, outlined the allegations on my blog. The television news programmes also screened the video clip of Veronica describing how Underwood bashed her and how she took his laptop. Several reporters phoned me and asked what had happened to the laptop. I explained that we gave it to the police. That was also widely reported.
The next morning, the Prime Minister called Underwood into his suite to discuss the situation. I heard later, from an informant in the room, that Underwood said that he would adopt the time-honoured strategy of denying the allegations, claiming that sinister forces were trying to destroy him and then, after lying doggo for several news cycles, reappear as if nothing had happened.
The Prime Minister was a big fan of that strategy and keen to protect a key minister. However, he knew it would not work this time. The evidence against Underwood was too compelling. The controversy surrounding him could bring down the Government. Underwood would have to resign from the ministry and return to the backbench for a brief spell before leaving politics altogether.
When the Prime Minister explained that chilling reality to Underwood, Underwood refused to resign. The Prime Minister then explained that, if Underwood did not resign, he would be sacked. Underwood then picked up a pen and blew his political brains out.
After meeting with the Prime Minister, Underwood held a hurried press conference during which he looked like he had just been mugged. He denied all of the accusations against him and vowed to sue Veronica and me for defamation. However, he would have to devote a large amount of time and energy to clearing his name, and that would distract him from his ministerial duties. Therefore, he had, with a heavy heart, resigned from the ministry. He would resume his ministerial career after he had cleared his name. “I will be back,” he said in a bleating tone.
He then rushed off without answering any questions. High political office had coated him with tinsel. It suddenly fell off. He was exposed as a hollow man, with no talent or character, who rose through the political system like water seeping through rocks. 
As it turned out, neither Underwood nor Tomlinson sued anyone for defamation. Rather, a few months later, the Australian Federal Police charged Underwood with corruption and assault, and Tomlinson with just corruption.
Underwood resigned from parliament and eventually pleaded guilty to all charges. A judge sentenced him to serve eight years in prison and set a non-parole period of five years. He eventually served six. The Tax Office was still hounding him over the Swiss bank account when he emerged from prison.
Tomlinson obviously employed better lawyers. They delayed the prosecution for a few years and then persuaded a judge that cancer and heart disease made their client medically unfit to stand trial.
I assumed that excuse was a scam that his fancy-pants lawyers dreamed up. However, a few days after the judge quashed the charges, he dropped dead. I guess I was wrong.
The police did not bother to charge Veronica with swiping the laptop.





CHAPTER TWENTY

My former colleagues in the news media worked exceptionally hard to suppress my role in exposing the corruption of Underwood and Tomlinson and to highlight Veronica’s role instead. I fully understood their approach. They had no incentive to make me famous or admit that they were totally useless. However, despite their attempts to erase my efforts, I still got plenty of publicity. My previous scoops made me moderately famous, at least in political circles. But most of that fame had dissolved. My latest scoop fully revived my brand. I would soon, of course, slide back towards anonymity. So, I basked in the acclaim while I could.
The most gratifying praise I received came from Anne. She regarded me a big hero who bravely fought to protect the environment from two coal-loving scumbags. I accepted her praise with a virtuoso display of false modesty. However, I don’t think I did much to preserve the environment. The politician who replaced Underwood as the Minister for Mining was as big an environmental vandal as his predecessor and Tomlinson’s empire kept digging up coal.
Anne belonged to a green action group dedicated to saving wildlife around Canberra. My scoop and the publicity I received made her the queen of the group. She even dragged me along to a couple of meetings and paraded me around. I was treated like a conquering hero. She also forced me to give the group a lecture on citizen journalism. I can’t remember what I said; nor, I’m sure, can anyone else.
Anne was so pleased with the downfall of Underwood and Tomlinson that she invited everyone involved to our house for dinner. That meant we entertained Veronica, her friends Arnold and Ruth Granger, and Kyle Barrett.
Before the dinner, Anne said: “You can invite your friend Tanya too, if you want.”
That was very generous of her. She no longer seemed to think Tanya and I bonked each other senseless in Castleton. I said: “I wish I could, but I can’t contact her. I’ve searched the internet for a contact point and had no luck.”
“Do you think she’s alright?”
“Yep. She’s a survivor. But she likes to keep a low profile. She won’t want to be thanked, anyway.”
The dinner was a big success. Anne counselled me, beforehand, not to pontificate too much and I obeyed, even when the booze told me to ignore her. Everyone recounted their role in the saga and we all laughed hard at lots of events that weren’t funny at the time. I won the biggest laughs when I described getting lost in the bush and being rescued - at least temporarily - by a crazy prepper who thought artificial intelligence would soon take over the world.
When I finished my tale, I turned to Kyle, who knew more about computers than anyone I knew. “What do you think? Are robots going to take over the Earth?”
Kyle barely took a breath. “Of course, as soon as the singularity arrives. Do you know what that is?”
“Yeah, the prepper told me. When will that happen?”
“In maybe 10 to 20 years. When it does, you won’t know who’s a human and who’s a robot.”
“Cripes. How will the robots behave when they take over? Will they wipe us out?”
“Of course. Every new species of apex predator destroys the competition. That’s the cycle of life.”
“You mean, they won’t just distract us with sexbots and party drugs, and stuff like that.”
“Nope. Much easier and safer to just wipe us out.”
“You’re serious, aren’t you? This takeover is going to happen?”
“I think so. Remember that everything happening now seemed crazy 50 years ago. Same principle.”
Hell, maybe the crazy prepper wasn’t as crazy as I thought. “I guess that, if anyone survives the singularity, you will.”
“Why?”
“You’re a computer expert. You’ll be able to deal with the robots.”
A laugh. “I doubt it. They’ll want to kill all the computer experts, first. We’ll be the biggest threat. Much bigger than journos.”
“Thank God for that.”

That night, when Anne and I climbed into bed, I realised that, during the last fortnight, I had been lost in the bush, semi-imprisoned in a prepper’s bunker, kidnapped by thugs who pretended they were going to kill me and almost roasted alive in a bushfire. Yet, the future looked even worse. I could expect global warming, the rule of robot overlords and maybe a nuclear winter to add spice.
I shivered and realised that only Anne and my two kids made my life worth living. I should hold them as close as possible. I rolled over and looked at Anne, reading a novel. “Babe?”
“What?”
“You haven’t told me, for a while, that you want to get married.”
“That’s because, every time I do, you claim you also want to get married and then spend months backing out. I’m tired of being mucked about.”
“I understand. But I’ve changed my mind. I really, really want to get married and I won’t muck you about this time - I promise.”
A long and steady gaze. “You’re really sure this time?”
“I’m absolutely certain, though there’s just one condition.”
A frown. “What?”
“You’ve got to promise me that you’re not a robot.”
She laughed. “Of course, I’m not one, you fucking lunatic.”
“I’m glad to hear that.”
She put down the novel. “But would it matter if I was?”
“Mmm, probably not. I think I could love a robot.”
“I bet you could.”
We spent half an hour discussing our wedding plans. Anne had lots of ideas, all of them expensive. Then she turned off the light and we lay in the dark for a while.
She said: “Are you going to watch the Test match in Perth tomorrow?”
“What Test match?”
“Australia versus India. It will be Andy Stafford’s return match.”
I’d forgotten about that. “Of course not. The guy has learnt nothing. He’ll just try to hurt the batsmen. That’s obvious.”
“You used to love watching that sort of thing.”
“I’ve evolved.”
“Are you sure?”
I wasn’t sure. Primal juices stirred inside me. The Perth pitch was hard and fast. Stafford would terrorise the Indian batsmen and might even break a bone or two. The fans would bay for blood. The atmosphere would be electric. Decency told me not to watch. But it got outvoted. “Well, I might have a quick look, to see what’s happening.”
“Hah, I thought you would.”

THE END


