Fraudulent Paper
By
Charles E Loper III
SMASHWORDS EDITION
* * * * *
PUBLISHED BY:
Charles E Loper III
 on Smashwords
The Mating
Copyright © 2001 by Charles E Loper III
This book may not be reproduced, copied or distributed for non-commercial purposes,
Your support and respect for the property of this author is appreciated.
This book is a work of fiction and any resemblance to persons, living or dead, or places, events or locales is purely coincidental.  The characters are productions of the author’s imagination and used fictitiously.
Adult Reading Material
*****
Thank you God for making this possible, and creating the perfectly designed brain……………………………………………………………………………………..Etc.
I would like to take a moment and thank the people who stood by me, and are still by me….. First names only… Cheryl, Charles, Miqua, Bam (Grover Watson.. R.I.P), Dave (David Sims R.I.P), Truck, Londel, Shamona, Malcolm, Tasha, Latoya, Atoya, Victoria, “Q”, Valerie, AJ, Jarrell, Doll, Ray, Charles II, Sheila….Etc.
Culture of Poverty is a thought in our mind that we cannot erase. When we get to a certain status in this world, we waist money on these worldly things, when if we invest in the people around us, we can try to be prepared for what’s to come. Let’s buy up this land and build shelters for our people. No matter how you make your money, be prepared for what’s to come. what’s to come what’s to come what’s to come what’s to come what’s to come what’s to come what’s to come what’s to come what’s to come what’s to come what’s to come……etc.
Prologue
Lottie Keyshawn Lenox, aka Key, woke up in his king-size bed drenched with sweat. The nightmare he had of something happening to his family caused him to panic. He glanced at his fiance’s impregnataed outline lying next to him. The thought of something happening to her and his unborn child sent chills down his spine. He slid off the bed onto the polished wooden floor, not to disturb his companion and went in the bathroom. While splashing cold water on his face, he thought of what he was forced to do. Key wiped his face dry before he went in search of his I-phone, dialed his best friend’s number and waited.
“Yo?” Dave sat up, and stretched in his soft double king-size boat bed at the Wild Wood Inn.
“You still in the city, bruh?”
“Yeah, I was gonna leave this afternoon. Why?"
“Change of plans, I need you to fly to Florida with me today. I’m thinking about 
copping a spot down there. Somewhere to hide the family if some heat comes my way.”
Dave walked to the bathroom to urinate. “You cool; you need me to handle somethin’?” 
“Nah yo, I’m just thinking ahead.”
“Cool. What  you want me to do with that big ass truck?”
Key forgot about the shipment Dave drove up two days before. “Nett checked it under an alias. Just leave it on the U-Haul lot, let them worry about it.”
“A’ight yo, call me when you’re ready.” Dave stood in the bathroom doorway staring at the naked girl lying across the bed. “You know Nita hooked me up with her friend Ni`chay at Veto’s last night. She laying in the bed sleep right now.” 
“Yeah she told me. I’ll call you when I’m ready.” Key ended the call and walked down the marble hallway to his closed in back porch. Reclining in his favorite big cushion chair, he clicked on the news as Anika’s sexy body ran across his mind. He always knew having a liaison with a stewardess would someday pay out. He grabbed his X and dialed her number.
“Do you know what time it is?! Anika snapped when she answered.
“Damn baby, I thought I could call whenever.”
Her attitude completely changed. “Hi Key babe, sorry, I didn’t know it was you. What you up to?” She asked with her strong Puerto Rican accent, twirling her silky hair with her finger as she spoke.
“Same old shit. I’m calling to see if I could copp two tickets for somethin’ flying out later today?”
“I got you. Where you going?”
“Miami, I was thinking of comin’ to see you while I’m there.”
“That would be nice popi, but I’ll be in the air all week. If you stay at the Holiday Inn by the airport, my cousin Maria works at the front desk. I’ll let her know to show you around.”
“That’s sounds a’ight.” Key gave her two names to book the tickets under. He ended the call with the promise to spend some time with her the next time he flew down.
~~~~~
2:00am the following morning, Key and Dave’s plane landed at Miami international. Key used his secured Visa to rent a silver four door Lexus. On their arrival at the Holiday Inn, the bellboy emptied their luggage from the trunk while they entered the hotel. Key strolled over to the girl working at the check-in counter, and noticing Maria on her nametag. “How you doing, Maria? Anika told me to holla at you.”
“You must be Key; she told me all about you.”
“I hope it’s all good.” Key found her very attractive. Her Latin background gave her an exotic look. Her hair color was the same shade as her large light brown eyes. Key figured she would come in handy one day, but her being Anika’s cousin, he knew he couldn’t get involved. “So, your man got you working at some hotel?”
Maria gave Key a half smile. “I haven’t met a man yet, that could keep up wit me. You want a give it a try?”
Key leaned on the counter, his eyes roamed over her body. “Damn, can’t say it’s not tempting.” A flick of the finger beckoned Dave over. “I want you to meet Maria. She needs a man that can keep up.”
Dave’s mouth watered as he scanned Maria from head to toe. “Shit, I can keep up with whatever you want.”
“We’ll see about that,” Maria said, with a crooked smile. She booked two sweets under her employee discount. After charging their key card, she escorted them to the elevators. “Anika told me to give y’all a tour. I know a couple spots we could check out tomorrow night.”
Dave leaned back and scoped out her plump backside. “I hope to check out more than that,” he said, receiving a smile from her.
“I need you to help me find a nice house down here. Somewhere by the beach,” Key said.
“That’s amusing; my uncle’s trying to sell one of his houses on the beach. I’ll talk to him for you.” Maria squint her eyes and smiled at Dave. “I’m looking forward to seeing you again.”
~~~~~~
Key slowly opened his eyes and yawned at the sight of sunlight. He reached for the irritating ringing phone and placed the receiver to his ear. “Yo?”
“Wake up popi and get dress. My uncle wants to meet with you this morning,” Maria said.
Key wiped the sleep from his eyes then glanced at his timepiece. “Damn, it got to be this early?”
“Si popi, he got business later. He can only fit you in now.”
“A’ight, give me an hour.” Key ended the call and dialed the extension to Dave’s room. “Yo, get up and meet me in the lobby in forty-five minutes.”
“Whatever,” Dave replied half asleep.
An hour later, Maria pulled in front of the hotel driving a canary yellow SL500 Benz Coup. Her guests didn’t recognize her, so she rolled down her window and pressed the horn. “Y’all comin’ or what?”
“Damn, she doin’ somethin’ more than working at this hotel.” Key stated, “You better watch out for that one.”
“I plan to,” Dave agreed.
Ten minutes into the ride, Key couldn’t hold back what was on his mind. He glanced around the expensive interior then at Maria. “I know you can’t afford this on a clerk’s salary. What else you into?”
“Let’s just say I’m into the family business.” The conversation direction changed.  “You guys are going to like the house. My uncle designed it himself. It has a long back deck that extends right out to the beach.” She pulled into the driveway of a two story white stucco house, grabbed a single key from her purse and opened the front door. “He told me to give y’all a tour until he gets here.” She escorted them down a short hall and into a large living room.
Just by seeing that one room, Key concluded that the house was much bigger than the one he had his family living in. He swiped his hand across the bottom half of the wall. “Is this marble?”
“Imported,” Maria replied. She showed them the rest of the house then took them out to the back porch, where a custom oval pool sat dead in the center. “This is for people who don’t like salt water.”
“Yo Key, this shits hot. You got to copp it,” Dave interjected.
“Let’s see what her uncles’ talking about.”
Maria’s uncle joined them ten minutes later. “Como esta.” He greeted, as he shook Key’s hand. Regardless of the humid Miami weather, he wore a gray Armani suit. His long jet-black ponytail laid against his jacket like it was pinned there. He walked with the swagger of a man with confidence and boatloads of money. “Me llamo es Dinero.”
“Muy bien.” Key replied. “Me llamo es Key y usted es Dave.”
“Mucho gusto, Dave,” Dinero said, as he shook Dave’s hand.
“Back at you.” Dave leaned closer to Key. “What did he just say?”
“He said, glad to meet you. Why don’t you keep Maria Company while me and Dinero talk business?”
Dinero lead Key upstairs to a small office. He sat behind the large polished walnut desk. “My niece tells me you’re from Cincinnati. How’s the weather up there?”
“It’s all right, not like here tho,” Key replied, as he got comfortable in a soft dark blue leather chair. “How much are you letting the house go for?”
“Key, what do you do for a living?” Dinero leaned back and tapped his nails on the desk. Key was thrown off when he didn’t get an answer to his question.
“I own a clothing store back home that’s doing muy bien,” Key replied. “I’m feeling this house and depending on the price, I would like to make it mine.”
“I want to sell you this house, but I need to know a couple more things about you. My daughter gave me the impression that you like to make all sorts of money. She’s always a good judge of character. Are you willing to make some real money?”
Key leaned forward with his eyebrow raised. “I don’t know what your daughter told you, she knows nothing about me. What’s this got to do with me copping this spot, anyway?”
Dinero reached in one of the desk drawers and pulled out a Cuban cigar. He clipped the end, sparked it then threw the lighter on the desk. The sweet smelling smoke drifted from his large nostrils. “Let me get to the point. Anika tells me you do things with computers. I got some very important people who need some money moved around.”
Key sat there taking in all the information coming from the man's mouth across from him. He chastised himself for saying too much around Anika. All he could do was stare at Dinero and wait for him to finish.
“Listen kid, I know everything about you. I got ways of finding out all types of information.” Dinero wrote some words of a piece of paper and slid it across the desk.
Key left the paper on the desk and glanced at the small writing. His forehead instantly drew lines while his eyes bulged from their socket. He catapulted from his chair, sending it flying back. “Where you get this?!” The nightmare from the other night was so close; he could reach out and touch it. Seeing his home address on that paper let him know that no matter the precautions he made, he couldn’t keep his family safe. “What do you want?!”
“Calm down my friend, it’s not that serious. All I need for you to do is use a program I have to transfer money out of accounts I got. Withdraw the money and get a certain amount to me.”
“How do you expect me to withdraw it?”
“Like I said, I know everything about you.” Dinero said. He grabbed a compact disc from his inside jacket and slid it across the desk. “Take this back home and figure a way to work it. When you’re ready to start hauling money in, call Anika or Maria. They’ll contact me.”
Key had a few words for Anika for running her mouth. “I guess I ain’t got a choice.” He grabbed the disc and stuffed it in his pocket. “I’m still interested in the house.”
“I was going to sell it for six hundred long, but since we’re going to be doing business, you can have it for two.”
“Look, If were gonna do this, I got to do it my way. Let me set up some shit back home, and then I’ll get at you for the account numbers.” Key knew an opportunity when it was presented.
Dinero stood up and gave Key a firm handshake. “That’s it then, let’s go get this house out the way.”
Chapter 1
Key walked down the long empty hall of Laurel Kensington JR College administration building. When he found the office he was searching for, he entered and locked the door behind him. “You wanted to see me, councilor?”
Brianna sat behind her desk studying a stack of papers. She wore a gray wool skirt and beige blouse, which blended with her caramel skin. She had long thick reddish bronze hair that was pulled up in a bun to keep from sweeping in her face. She glanced up from her work when she heard the door being shut. “Stop calling me that, it makes me feel old.” She watched her lover turn the lock and approach the desk. “No Key, I told you we can’t be getting down in my office. We almost got caught last time.”
“You didn’t say that when you seduced me eighteen months ago.” Key sat in one of the chairs in front of her desk. “I got six months before I graduate, I think you can make it til then. By the way, you got that food for me?”  
Brianna reached in her purse, pulled out a manila envelope and handed it to Key. “I’m going to need another pound.” Being a pothead herself, she knew all the staff that smoked weed and they trusted her. When she met Key a year and a half ago, they came up with the conclusion that they could make a lot of money. Living in the mountains of Drums PA, it was hard to find good green. It was more convenient for her coworkers to buy from her than drive through the dangerous snow to the city. “Who’s going to supply me when you graduate, seeing you’ve made it known that you don’t want to move up here.”
“Gino will make sure you got what you need.” Key grabbed the envelope and stuffed it in his pocket. “How much did I make?”
“Three stacks minus my cut. You want to count it?”
“Nah I trust you. I meant to tell you, I’m visiting my mom in Cincinnati for spring break. I’m leaving tomorrow morning, so I’ll come over later tonight to leave you with a gift.”
“Can I get that pound before you go?”
“I’ll leave you a couple ounces to hold you until Gino come back from Camden.”
“Ok baby, call me when you’re on the way tonight.”
Key kissed her cheek then left the office. He exited the administration building and head for Hoover dorm, where Gino resided. All the dorms on campus were named after presidents and Key had ten dollar stuffed blunts being sold out of four of them. When you walked up, you’d be greeted by who ever sat on the front porch. They would take your order then five minutes later, somebody would bring down as many stuffed blunts you wanted. Key did it like that because he didn’t want little baggies lying around campus, but the real reason was he made over three thousand off a single pound of regular weed. His uncle showed him the dope game but seeing the problems that came along with it, he refused to touch the stuff. He felt all the money his uncle was making in Camden wasn’t worth the headache. He stuck with weed and brought in good money.
Key walked on the porch of Hoover dorm and nodded at the dude watching the front door. “What up Kev, Gino up there?”
“He up there with that dumb ass broad. He told me to tell you to come on up when you got here.”
Key went up the steps and knocked on Gino’s door. When it opened, Gino’s girl was standing in the doorway wrapped only in a towel. “Where Gino at, Robin?”
She had only a hand full of breast, but made up for them below the waist. Her deep black eyes set just right in her peanut brown skin. Since Key had come to the college, she’d had a crush and made it her mission to seduce him, but he paid her no mind. Finally settling for the next best thing she hooked up with Gino. She figured Key couldn’t hold out forever. She leaned on the door and let her towel dip a little, showing the little cleavage she had. “Damn Key, you can’t speak to nobody?”
“My bad, what up scando… I mean Robin. Can you go get Gino for me? I need to holla at him.”
“Come in.” She opened the door all the way. “We’re in the shower; he’ll be out in a minute.” She walked toward the bathroom, letting her towel unravel from around her as she entered the steamy room. She made sure Key had a clear view of what he was missing before reentering the shower with Gino.
That broad got problems, Key thought, as he shook his head. He sat on one of his boy’s soft chairs and waited.
Fifteen minutes later, Gino entered the living room holding a white envelope. He handed it to Key then sat in the chair across from him. “We did a’ight with this batch. We need to reup soon tho.”
“I let Tone know you’re coming alone this time. He’s expecting you to copp eight of those things when you get there,” Key said.
“I thought we were going together. You know I want to check out one of Nett’s girls.”
“You still can, just holla at her before you hit Tone’s. Moms want me to come to Cincinnati. She moved there two months ago, following some dude.”
Robin decided to make her entrance into the room. She approached Gino and sat on his lap, wearing a pair of hot pink booty shorts that hugged the swollen print between her legs. Without a bra, her small breast pushed against the tight shirt she wore, making her erect nipples stand out. “What y’all talking about?”
Thump!!!
The hard floor nearly fractured her soft cheeks when they connected. “Don’t you see men talking?! You need to get up and go put on some clothes, coming out here like that when you know I got company. I’m just about tired of your ass!” Gino proclaimed.
“Damn Gino, you didn’t have to push me!” She wined, as she got off the floor rubbing her buttocks. She glanced at Key then with her eyes focused on the floor, she rushed from the room.
“Key man, I’m tired of that broad. She always does something to urk my nerves. I wish I had a jone like Brianna.”
“You can, when I leave. I ain’t on all that long distance shit. When I get back to Camden, it’s over. She’ll be getting her pounds from you, so that’s your chance. I’ll even put in a word for you.”
“I’m looking forward to that.” Gino escorted Key to the front door. “Get at me when you get back.” 
After collecting the money from his other spots, Key returned to his small off campus apartment and started packing his bags. He didn’t know how the weather would be in Cincinnati, so he packed a little of everything. When he finished, he dialed his mother’s number.
“Hello?” Lisa Lenox answered.
“What up mom? I was just calling to make sure you’d be at the airport when I touch down.”
“Don’t be checking up on me, I’ll be there. Did you think about what I said about moving here after you graduate?”
“I ain’t  tryna move to no Cincinnati. I don’t know nothing about that place. I’m a stick with New Jers.”
“There’s a lot of jobs here boy, plus the cost of living is low.”
“Whatever mom, I’ll think about it. I got to go; I’ll call you before my plane takes off.”
“Ok Lottie, just make sure you at least think about it.”
Key hadn’t planned to leave Camden. That’s where he was born and raised, plus all his close friends lived there. With his uncle supplying half the cities dope, everybody knew him. He had no problem entering twenty-five and up clubs at the age of sixteen. Everybody treated him as their equal. Taking his high school basketball team to two state finals and winning, added to his popularity. Why leave a place where you get love from everybody, he thought.
~~~~~~
Later that night, Key laid on Brianna’s soft pillow top queen size mattress, after just rolling from in between her legs. “Damn Bri, I could never get tired of the things you can do.”
Brianna slid off the soft bed. Being an ex lingerie model for Victoria Secret, she had no shame in displaying her fit body. Showing off all her goodies, she walked to the dresser and grabbed an already stuffed Dutch Master from one of the drawers. Giving Key a nice view in between her legs, she sat facing him in one of the two wicker chairs in her room. “If it’s that good, you should stay in Drums with me.”
“You sound like my mom, talking about moving to Cincinnati with her.” He eyed the fine reddish line of hair that started at her belly button, traveled between her legs and a fine layer straight up her back, connecting to her full head of natural reddish hair. “I couldn’t live on this mountain for the rest of my life.”
“It’s not that bad.” She sparked the blunt and inhaled. “I wanted to talk to you about something before you left. I know a couple folks who do a couple lines here and there. Just like weed, it’s hard for them to find coke on the mountain. I figured you could make some extra money.”
Key sat up in her bed. Deep lines appeared on his forehead. “What is wrong with you?! I ain’t ever touching that garbage!” He stared deep into her hazel eyes. “You sniffing that stuff?!” 
“Hell no, Key,” Brianna uttered. She didn’t understand his reaction. “I just thought since we were selling weed it would be ok. Sorry for bringing it up.” She tried to pass him her blunt to calm his nerves.
“I’m cool on that. You might be smoking a primo or somethin’.”
“Don’t act like that, baby. You know I only smoke green.” She put the blunt out in the astray then laid next to him. “Why you so up tight about coke?”
“It’s a long story.”
“We got all night.”
Key sighed and placed his hands behind his head. “Back in the day my uncle had me running errands for him. When I was eleven, I carried dope to his dealers. With me being so young, nobody knew I had a kilo of powder in my bag. One day like clock work, he gave me two keys and I Delivered them to this dude name Joe. Two hours later, my uncle called me and asked did I make any stops on my delivery. When I said no, he told me eight ounces were missing from the package. To make a long story short, Joe tried to say it was my fault that the package was short. My uncle didn’t believe I would steal from him. When he found out Joe was getting high, he knew what was up. A couple of days later, he took me in an abandoned apartment building, where he had Joe tied to a chair. My uncle smacked him with a pistol as he was mumbling something through the gag in his mouth, then handed the gun to me.
He said, (“this man tried to get you killed. What you gonna do?”).”
Brianna was stuck on every word coming from Key’s mouth. Growing up in the suburbs, she wasn’t accustomed to that type of violence. “So, what you do?”
“I did what any little dude would do under that kind of pressure, I pulled the trigger.
After seeing Joe’s lifeless body fall back to the crusty basement floor, I dropped the gun and ran from the building. I had nightmares for years.”
Brianna saw the hurt in his eyes as the story ended. “I didn’t mean to wake up dead skeletons. Let me take your mind off it.” She climbed on the bed and sucked on his neck. Her tongue made wet circles around his nipple, then down his abdomen. Not wasting anymore time getting to what she set out to do, she closed her soft lips around his penis, feeling it extend in her mouth. She sucked and pulled until it was throbbing between her jaws. Her suction relaxed, then she rose up and squatted over his thick eight inches, letting it slip between the folds of her hot box. Placing her hands on his chiseled six pack, she used her thigh muscles to rise to the tip of his head and then compressed her inner walls as he slid deep inside her. Key pushed up as she worked her hips in mini circles. Before he could fill her with his kids, she hopped off him and tasted her own juices as she sucked and stroked every drop of cum from his blood filled stick, swallowing every drop. After brushing her teeth, she laid in his arms and they dozed off.
~~~~~~
Five o’clock the next morning, Key was in the shower washing Brianna’s stench off his creamy brown colored skin. He dried off with her soft terry cloth towels. “Yo, get up; I need you to take me to the airport.”
Brianna rubbed her eyes then glanced at her alarm clock. “It’s only five-thirty. You don’t need to be there til seven.” She snuggled up to her pillow, trying to catch a few more z’s.
“The plane takes off at seven.” Key shook her as he pulled on his socks. “I still need to pick up my ticket, so get up before I take your car and leave it at the airport.”
“Ok, damn, you know I’m not a morning person. Give me five minutes to wake up.”
In the car, Key reached in his bag and pulled out a large manila envelope and handed it to Brianna. “I need you to drop this off at my bank. My account number is already on it”
Brianna stuffed it in her purse while she was pulling up to the entrance to the airport. She helped Key get his bag out the trunk, accepted a kiss on the cheek then drove off.
~~~~~~
After a long flight, Key’s plane landed at the Cincinnati/Kentucky Airport. He walked through the terminal and found his mom sitting in the waiting area. “Hey ma. Can you carry one of these for me?” He tried to hand her one of his bags.
“You carried them this far, you can make it to the car,” Lisa replied. “How was your flight?”
“It was cool. I met this Latino stewardess from Florida. She slipped me her number with the promise to let me join the mile high club.” He pulled the number out and read Anika’s name in his head.
“Whatever that is, just make sure you call her. Maybe we can get some free tickets.” Once in the car, she drove I-75 into Cincinnati. Fifteen minutes later, they were pulling up to the Sparkle Apartments in Roselawn.
Key followed his mom to an apartment on the top floor. He walked in and dropped his bags on the living room floor. Exhausted from his flight, he flopped down on his mother’s white couch. A quick look around told him the apartment was only made for one person. “Dang mom, you couldn’t get a bigger place?”
“I was planning on it, as soon as you move here and find a job.”
If I was planning to move here, I got to have my own place. “I already told you I ain’t moving here.”
“Whatever boy, you’ll change your mind,” Lisa stated. “She handed him her spare key. “I got to go to work, so lock the door if you decide to go out. The stores are around the corner.”
After his mom left, Key retrieved his designer sun glasses case from one of his bags. He removed the padding and pulled out one of the blunts he stuffed with kine bud before he left. He smoked half the blunt then passed out on the couch.
~~~~~~
Key woke up out of his high induced sleep with the munchies. The first thing he did was raid the refrigerator, finding it half empty. Making sure the door was locked behind him; he left the apartment in search for the store. Walking down Sparkle Drive, Key came across a tall dark skinned girl standing on the corner. She had long silky jet black hair and bright green eyes that gave her a mysterious look. Key thought she was a tad bit too thin for his taste, but he figured he could work with her. As he walked by, he lightly bumped into her. “My bad shawty.”
She turned and focused her green eyes on him. “I know you did that on purpose. It was more than enough room for you to walk around without touching me.”   
“What’s up? You can call me Key, I’m visiting my mom at the---.” 
“Sparkle building,” she interjected. “Me and my cousin saw you going in earlier, she thought you were cute.”
Key raised his right brow. “So what did you think?”
“It doesn’t matter what I think, I got a man. My name is Toy, by the way.” Retoy Chong and her family moved to Cincinnati when she was three. Her mom died in a car accident, leaving Toy and her brother Camorra to care for their selves. The only family they had was their cousin Bonito, and her mom. Every body else was still living in New Orleans.
“Would yo’ man mind if you show me where the store is?”
Toy glanced up the street before she answered. “I don’t see no harm in that.” When they got to Reading Road, she pointed to a club in the corner of the shopping center. “That’s Vito’s over there.  A local hang out.”
Key bought a bag full of snacks and they headed back around the corner. They sat on the inside steps of the building his mother lived in. “Are y’all in love?”
“Who?” Toy asked, with a frown.
“You and yo’ so called man, because if not, I might still have a chance.”
“We can cut that short. I think you’re cute and nice, but I’m faithful. I’m a hook you up with my cousin, tho. You’ll like her.”
“If she looks anything like you, for sho.”
“Thank you and they say we look like twins. She’s a little thicker, tho. If you’re not doing anything tomorrow, you can stop by and meet her.”
Key was still stuck on the little thicker part.  From experience he knew that could mean anything, but he hoped it meant just a little. “I’m cool wit that. Just call and let me know what’s up.” He wrote down his mother’s number and handed it to her.
~~~~~~
Nett had training day playing on the ten inch screen protruding from the dashboard of her money green Tahoe, that sat high on twenty four inch chrome Giavonni’s.
She was ducked off in a parking garage under expensive condos in downtown Camden, New Jersey, waiting for her top girl to finish with a mark. She never thought it was possible, her running a top of the line escort service and pushing as much dope through the city as she could. (It all started almost two years ago, before Key went off to college. She always wanted to get Key in bed, but her boyfriend kept close tabs on her. So, for three high school years, all she could do was lust for him. Her chance came when her friend, Nika, started dating Key’s boy, Tone. One night while Nett’s boyfriend was at work, she invited Key and Tone over. When they showed up, she wasted no time dragging Key into her bedroom, where her and her man slept, and let him do whatever he wanted to her body. Exhausted from their lovemaking, Nett remained in her bed thinking it was all worth the wait. When Key and Tone finally left, they walked pass Nett’s boyfriend in the hall. Recognizing Key and knowing that his door was the only on at the end, he knew something was up. He knew better to start something with Key, so he rushed to his apartment and banged on the door.
Nett snatched the door open, thinking Key was coming back for thirds. Her heart was crushed when she saw her man standing there. “Why you didn’t use your key?”
“Nasti trick, you finally let that ho ass nigga fuck you?!” He barged in the apartment and slammed the door.
“What the hell you talkin’ about? Nika’s man just dropped her some money,” Nett lied. “So we can go out later.” She found it hard to keep her eyes focused on his.”
He hurried pass her and rushed into the bedroom. He searched their room and found nothing, until under the comforter revealed a condom wrapper. He grabbed it and ran into the living room. “What the fuck is this?! You lettin’ that nigga fuck you in our bed too.” He tossed the wrapper on the floor.
“You better watch yo’ mouth mutha-fu—.” Nett stepped back when she saw the evil in his eyes.
“She asked could she—.” Whamm!!! Nett flipped over the couch, blood sprayed all over their beige carpet from the open gash over her eye. “Mutha-fucka!” She sprang off the floor like a kangaroo, swinging like a wild woman. They both fell into the iron board. Crack!!! The room went silent as Nett covered her gaping mouth. Nett stood up and watched blood leak from his head, onto the iron wedged under it, with no remorse.)
Nett rubbed the two-year-old scar over her eye. She used it to remind her to never get serious with another man. She loved to watch her girls work, so she would invite the occasional guy to the Hyatt and take pleasure in watching him pound out one of her girls. If he paid enough, she would let him watch her girl lick between her legs. After Key introduced her to his uncle, a good coke connect, she never looked back. Now with two houses, three multi purpose vehicles and eleven girls doing what she asked, she pulled in loads of money.
Karmeeka walked out of the elevator of the parking garage. She slid her dark chocolate thighs across Nett’s green leather seats and shut the door. Without a word, she reached in her Louie Vuitton purse and pulled out the ten hundred dollar bills the mark gave her, handed them to Nett, and then leaned back in her seat.
“So, how was he?” Nett asked.
“Fat, old, and rich. What more can a girl ask for?”
Nett laughed as she pulled from the garage. She found Karmeeka on the streets when she ran away from her foster parents. She was the first of many girls that Nett locked in. “I need you to organize a graduation party for Key this summer. Make sure there are no white girls there.”
“College boy finally coming home huh?” Karmeeka let a chuckle escape from her throat.
At the next red light, with the quickness of a king cobra, Nett grabbed Karmeeka’s throat. “You better watch your mutha-fuckin mouth!” Nett’s face was so close to hers, she could smell the marijuana on her breath. “Matter of fact, don’t say shit else!” She let go then sped through the light. With that said, Karmeeka kept her mouth shut the rest of the ride. She didn’t become Nett’s top girl by being stupid, she knew when to speak and when not to.
~~~~~
Key sat in his mother’s apartment watching TV. He was just about to lean back and spark a blunt when his phone started to ring. “Yo?” He answered.
“Can I speak to Key?” Toy asked.
“What up, Toy? I was wondering when you would call.”
“Hey, you think we could come up there? I don’t feel like hearing my brother’s mouth if he comes home.”
“That’s cool. Just push twenty two and I’ll buzz you up.” Key hung up the phone and started to straighten the living room. Ten minutes later, his bell rang. He buzzed them up, left the front door open and had a seat out on the balcony, so Toy’s cousin couldn’t see the expression on his face when she walked in. Toy came in first, sporting a tight blue and white Coogi skirt that showed off her long chocolate legs and a pair of white Reebok Classics. Her cousin instantly caught his eye upon her entrance. She had the same long jet-black hair and green eyes as Toy, but they had a New Orleans slant. At 5’9”, she was a lot thicker then her cousin. Her waist was thin, while her hips and rear end filled her Guess low-rise jeans to their limit. Her 36D’s strained against the matching blue Guess golf shirt.
After closing the door, they joined Key on the balcony. “Key, this is my cousin, Bonito. We call her Nita or Bon-Bon,” Toy said.
“Bonito huh, you know that means pretty in Spanish?” Key stated.
Nita giggled and glanced away. From the time she walked through the door, Key never took his eyes off her. He was intrigued with how beautiful she was. Nita looked at him and showed her pearl white teeth. “Why do you keep staring at me?”
“I got a fetish for beautiful dark skinned women. You could change my mind about moving to Cincinnati.”
“What do you mean, moving to Cincinnati?” Toy slid to the edge of her seat. She had a confused tone. “Where you from?”
“Right now I’m attending college in Drums, PA. I graduate in six months. My moms keep trying to get me to move here instead of moving back to Camden, New Jersey.”
“You’re staying for how long?” Nita asked, disappointed that he didn’t live in the city, but was kind of relieved that she met somebody from a different place.
“Spring break is over in two weeks, I’ll be going back then.” He sparked a blunt and inhaled. “So, what about you, Nita?”
“Feeling left out, Toy stood up from her chair. “I know when I’m not wanted around. Key would you mind giving me something to smoke, so I can leave you two alone?”
“Sure.” Key walked Toy to his front door, grabbing a blunt from his stash on the way. “I’ll take care of your cousin.”
“You better, I don’t want to have to hurt you.”
After Toy left, Key and Nita retired to the living room to get more comfortable. They chatted about what they wanted out of life, while inhaling the blunt Key sparked. High and more acquainted, he caught her off guard when he pressed his lips against hers. Receiving a positive response, he ventured a little farther by sliding his hand up her shirt and cupping one of her large soft breast. He pushed his luck and moved his hand down her abdomen to her belt line. When he fumbled with the button of her tight jeans, she grabbed his hand and slid away.
“Hold on Key.” She held his hand in hers. “I like you and everything, but I don’t know you like that, plus I’m a virgin and I don’t need a one night stand.”
Key’s eyebrow shot up when the word virgin slipped from her lips. Looking over her body, he couldn’t believe somebody didn’t get in her pants yet. “I respect that. It’s hard to find a girl like you.” If anything could get me to move here, it would definitely be her, he thought.
“Maybe if you decide to move here, we could hook up and get to know each other.”
“That’s a strong maybe.” He sparked another blunt and handed it to her. He knew deep down that this was the kind of girl he’d been waiting for. For the next two weeks of his spring break, Key spent almost every day with Nita. Every minute with her, he leaned closer to moving to Cincinnati, but once he got back to school, the time he spent with her was put on hold.
Chapter 2
Eight months after his spring break, Key was back in Camden, New Jersey. He cleaned out his bank account in Drums before he returned to the house he grew up in. With a little over twenty thousand saved up and money still coming from Gino, he could sit back and plan what he wanted to do with his life.
Key woke out of a marijuana high-induced sleep to the sound of his phone ringing. He reached for his jeans on the floor, in search for his cell phone. “Yo?” He answered.
“Fool, I know you ain’t sill sleep,” Dell said, into the phone.
“Key raised his right eyebrow at the two naked girls lying next to him. “You got to be crazy, calling this early. After last night, you should be sleep too.”
“Everybody didn’t get as lucky as you last night. You know Nett caters to her boy.” Dell was right; Nett would do anything for Key. After the barbeque she threw for him, she locked him in the room with two of her cleanest girls, to do whatever he wanted. “Anyway yo, Alicia and her friend saw you at the mall last week.” Alicia was Dell’s high school sweetheart. Everybody thought they would get married out of high school, but she went off to U.N.C. after graduation, leaving Dell in Camden. 
“Yeah, so,” Key replied, as he pulled out his stash of kine bud and rolled a morning blunt.
“They called me yesterday. Her friend wants to get at you tonight. I told them to come by your crib around eight.”
“I thought Alicia broke your heart when she left. What happen to, “Fuck that trick”?”
“That was the past, she here for the summer, plus I go down to her campus every other weekend.”
“She got my nigga whipped, but that’s a’ight tho, she a good girl. Get at me tonight, I’m about to smoke this blunt and go back to sleep.” Key closed his cell phone and sparked his blunt. He lay in Nett’s spare bedroom thinking about how things were the same as when he left two years ago. The same dudes chasing the same hood rat girls. His first week back home his mind was made up about where he wanted to start his new life. Key was tired of Camden and ready for different surroundings.
~~~~~~
The green leather interior shined from the black magic applied to it weekly. Key’s eyes were focus on a movie that displayed on each of the five screens Nett had installed in her 2002 Tahoe. He diverted his eyes on her, as she drove him to Tone’s house.
“What’s wrong wit you?” Nett asked, with one eye on the road.
Key reached in his pocket, pulled out a piece of paper and handed it to her. “I ain’t telling anybody yet, but I’m moving to Cincinnati tomorrow. That’s the number and address to where I’ll be staying.”
Nett made an angry left at the next corner. She parked in front of Tone’s house and turned her full attention on Key. “Why the hell you telling me now?! What you leaving for, you were just gone for two years?”
Key leaned back in his seat and looked at the roof of the Tahoe. “I knew you would trip, that’s why I waited to tell you. I’ll visit a lot.”
“Yeah, whatever,” Nett pouted.
“Is everything good wit you and my uncle?”
“Everything but his high ass prices. Since he ain’t frontin’ me no more, he ain’t tryna give me a good deal.”
“I’ll holla at him for you. I need a favor tho.”
“I’m still mad, but I’m listening,” Nett replied.
“I need you to put Dave on. I’m tired of seeing him fucked up around here.” Dave was Key’s best friend. They have known each other since the age of four.
Nett was shook by the sound of Dave’s name. In her mind, he was one friend that Key could do without. “Ahh hell nah, you know I’ll do anything for you, but dude too crazy for me. I can’t be worrying about him I got a business to run.”
“I know, buts that’s my dude. I’m a holla at him tonight and let him know, if you take a lost, that shit falls on me.”
“Damn Key, if I didn’t love you. Look, I’ll look out for him, but the first time he act up, I can’t be accountable for what happens. Let that fool know what’s up.”
“A’ight, I feel you. I’ll holla at him when he takes me to the airport.” Key jumped out the Tahoe and shut the door. He watched the money green truck pull down the street before he knocked on Tone’s door. 
“What up fool? Come on in.” Tone shut the door behind Key then sat on his couch. “You came right in time. I’m about to test this new shit from Florida.” He rolled a log, sparked it and inhaled the sweet smoke.
“You always talking about some new shit from Florida, man, all yo’ shit come from down south.” Key accepted the blunt and inhaled. The potency of the marijuana rushed to his brain, causing an instant high. “Damn yo, this is some new shit.”
“I told you. They call it headbusta, because it busts your motha-fuckin head. Gino coming down this weekend to get two pounds.”
“That’s what I wanted to talk to you about; I’m catching a one way flight to Cincinnati tomorrow.”
“You visiting moms?” 
“Naw yo, I ain’t coming back.”
Tone choked on the smoke in his lungs. “Damn nigga, you could’ve let me know. I make a lot of money off the weed Gino picks up. This some bullshit.”
“Calm down, I hollered at Gino about that. We still gonna continue what we been doing. I just need to get out of this city for a while.”
“I figure deal you my nigga, holla at me if you wanna push this bustahead in Cin City.” He winked at Key then passed him the blunt.
“A’ight yo, come over tonight. I’m getting everybody together before I leave in the morning. Make sure you bring some of this with you.” Key hit the blunt a couple more times before he ventured around the corner to his mother’s old house.
~~~~~
Bonito Chong jumped out the shower and the first thing she saw was her reflection in the mirror. She heaved her large chest then let them drop. She ran her tongue around her full lips, as she made funny face at herself. I’m so fine, so why am I putting up wit this nigga shit, she asked herself. Sometimes her boyfriend Jesse was one of the sweetest men in the world, but he wanted to control her every move. After losing her most prize possession to him, she wanted badly for her relationship to work. The first time she gave in to him was nothing like she expected. He just stuck his small six and a quarter inch penis in her, burst a nut then rolled off. She never experienced the big O that her cousin was always talking about.
Nita combed her long jet black hair back in a ponytail and only wrapped in a towel, she walked into the bedroom where Jesse lay peacefully across his queen size bed. “Jesse, you need to get up and get ready to take me to school. I can’t be late for my summer class.”
Jesse snuggled deeper into his pillow. “You ain’t gonna be late, so sit down and chill out,” he mumbled. His drowsy eyes opened just in time to catch her pulling her panties up her smooth chocolate thighs. He rolled on his back and watched her, as his penis extended in his boxers. “Climb up here and give daddy some before you go to school.”
Nita turned her head to see him sticking through the hole of his shorts, fully aroused. “I don’t have time for that right now.” She slipped on her bra and quickly reached for her jeans on the bed.
Jesse took the opportunity to grab her arm and pull her down next to him. “You about to give me some of that pussy!” He held her hands down, as he squeezed between her legs.
“Stop Jesse!” She tried to fight him off. “I’m not trying to fuck you right now!” When she felt her panties being pulled to the side, she placed her knee in his abdomen and shoved forward.
With his face screwed, Jesse stood on the side of the bed looking down at her. “Who the hell you saving it for, one of those college niggas?”
“I just need to be there on time.”
Jesse moved in closer to Nita’s face. “I have noticed you been wearing perfume and keeping your nails and hair done. Let me find out you been giving my shit up to one of those soft ass niggas.”
Nita put some distance in between her and Jesse. She hated the smell of the stale day old beer from his breath. “I’m not fucking anybody but you and I don’t even like doing that,” she said, wishing she could take back her words.  
Whop!!! Nita bounced off the bed and landed next to the dresser. Her left eye swelled, as she waited to stop seeing stars. “Trick, I told you about your fuckin’ mouth.” He ran wildly around the room, searching for any article of his clothing to put on.
 Nita clutched her towel close to her large breast. She cowered in the corner and watched Jesse get dressed and finally storm down the steps and leave. When she heard his car peel off, her brain subconsciously told her hand to reach for the phone and dial Toy’s number.
“Who the hell is this calling this early in the morning?!” Toy answered.
“It’s me.” Nita wiped her wet cheek. “Jesse just hit me and left. I need you to come get me.”
“He did what?! Pack your shit, I’m on my way!”
Nita laid the phone down and started to pack some of her clothes. She bypassed the mirror, afraid to see what her eye looked like. She knew it was bad, because her vision was blurred. This wasn’t the first time he’d hit her, but it was the first time in her face. He would hit her in the arms and legs, careful not to leave a mark. This was the first time he was careless. Nita refused to let him discourage her form getting her R.N. license, so she decided to go ahead to school with a black eye, not caring what people said or thought about her black eye.
Ten minutes later, Toy walked in Jesse’s house carrying a softball bat. “Hey cuz, I’m
downstairs.” She sat on his couch and waited, hoping Jesse walked through his door so she could knock his block off.
“I’ll be down in a minute. Can you put my bags in the car?” Nita fixed her hair in the mirror. She swept it down over the swollen part of her eye, before she left Jesse’s house, leaving the front door wide open and joined Toy in the car.
Toy backed out the lot and pulled down the street. She glanced over at her quiet cousin. “Where that punk hit you at?”  When she saw a little swelling between the strands on her hair, Toy reached over and brushed the hair over. “Damn! What he do, punch you?”
Nita pulled down the mirror and dabbed at the tender tissue. “It ain’t that bad. I’m still going to school.”
 “How can you go to school looking like that?” 
 “I ain’t worried about them fools at Cincinnati State, plus I got a make up test today.”
“Well, I ain’t letting my little cousin go out like that. I got just the thing for you.” On her way to the state college, Toy made a detour to Short Vine and parked in front of a store called The Cupboard. Bypassing all the bongs and small weed pipes, she went straight downstairs to the sex shop, where she purchased a fantasy pirate costume. When she returned to the car, she handed Nita the black eye patch. “Cover your eye with that.”
Nita smirked as she glanced at the box in Toy’s lap. “What the hell you and Terrell be doing?”
“That’s none of your business, just make sure you return that when you’re finished, cause I’m gonna need it?”
“Y’all got problems,” Nita said.
“No, that’s normal for couples, we have fun. You better get wit the program.” Toy pulled in Cincinnati States parking lot. “I’ll be at work when you get out, so catch the bus to the apartment, Camorra should be there. If not, get the spare key from Miss Johnson.”
“You sure your brother going to let me stay there? You know how he is”
“You are our cousin. What he gonna do, put you on the streets?”
“Ok cuz, thanks. I’ll see you tonight.” Nita got out the car and shut the door. She adjusted the patch over her eye and held her head up as she walked to her class. All day people were constantly asking her what happened same to her eye. Her answer remained the same, she got poked.
~~~~~~
After her two classes, Nita gathered her books and left the school. On her way to the bus stop, she noticed Jesse leaning against his car, trying to conceal a bouquet of roses behind his back. He approached her as she walked out the building.
“Baby, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to hit you.” He tried to hand her the roses.
Nita brushed the flowers away. “Whatever Jesse, you always say that. I’m tired of you flipping out on me for nothing. You need anger management or something.” She tried to walk pass him, but he grabbed her arm. Let me go, before I yell rape!”
Jesse dropped her arm and stepped back. “Come on Nita, don’t do me like that. I love you so much, when I picture you with another dude, I get crazy.”
His words and the tone of his voice soften her heart. She glanced down at her feet as she spoke. “I ain’t going to take no more of you hitting me.” She finally accepted the flowers.
“I won’t touch you unless you ask me to.” He put his arm around her and guided her to his car. “By the way, I dig the pirate look.”
Back a Jesse’s house, he stripped off his clothes and joined her in the shower. He gently spread soap across her back with her body wash sponge. When they got out the shower, he dried her with a soft terrycloth towel then scooped her up and carried her from the bathroom to the bedroom. He laid her across the bed and covered her dark nipples with his mouth. Already in the position, he entered her slippery wet box. Holding one leg up, he gently stroked.
Nita arched her back and accepted his small rod. She wrapped her hands around his neck and pulled his lips to hers. She had to admit; she was enjoying it more than the other times they’d laid down together. He ruined things when he flipped her over and took her from behind. He started out slow, but it didn’t take long before he started stabbing at her like a dog in heat.
Feeling the blood rushing to his head, Jesse pulled out and stroked his stick until his fluids sprayed all over Nita’s back and long silky hair. “I love you baby, he whispered in her ear, as he lay next to her and fell fast asleep. If this is love I can do without.
After cleaning the sticky fluids off herself with a wet towel, Nita laid next to him her eyes focus on the ceiling, thinking, why did I fall for the same ole shit. She knew he would never change, but she continued to give him more chances. Her plan was to save enough money to get her own place, and then she was gone.
~~~~~~
Before Key’s mom moved to Cincinnati, she left her house to his sister, so she could raise her family. Once Key came home from college, she moved in with her boyfriend until she had the baby, leaving Key the house to him. He spent two hours cleaning when he made it home from Tone’s house. He settled down on the couch and made a long distance call to Drums.
“Hello?” Gino answered on the first ring.
“What up yo, what’s the deal on the mountain?”
“I was just about to call you to see when I can come through.”
“That’s what I called for,” Key said. After you take care of me this time, you on your own with T.”
“Did you let him know?”
“It’s all good. I’m moving to Cin City tomorrow, so drop that off at Nett’s, she’ll get it to me.”
“A’ight. You know I cancel that trick Robin, she was like fatal attraction up here.”
“About time. Who you fuckin’ wit now?”
“Hold on for a minute.” Gino sat the phone down. Key heard rustling on the line then a familiar sexy voice.
“Hi Key. How’s everything back home?” Brianna said.
Key took the phone from his ear and looked at it. “I’m not even going to ask why you’re over Gino’s. That’s none of my business.”
“You told me to find somebody. Gino’s a good man, plus he wants to stay on the mountain after he graduates. Is that all right with you?”
“I ain’t hating, do you. I hope y’all get married and have a few chillens. Make sure I’m the godfather.”
“We’ll definitely make sure you’re the god-dad, Key. Here’s Gino.”
“What up?” Gino asked. “You surprised?”
“Nah. Just make sure y’all keep it low, until you graduate. It’s haters up there too.”
“I got you. If you need anything, just ask.”
“A’ight yo, I’m a get at you later. Make sure you drop that off at Nett’s.” Key hung up the phone. Thinking about the way Brianna looked and tasted, he had to admit to a little jealousy. Knowing they would never work out, he got over it quickly. The house was clean and he had Dutch masters for the weed, so all he had to do was wait for his friends to show up.
Two hours later, Key’s doorbell rang. He opened the door and found Alicia standing on his steps with her friend. “Hi Key,” Alicia greeted dryly. “This is my girl, Nova.”
Nova approached Key and kissed him on the cheek. “You don’t remember me, do you?”
Key squinted his eyes and analyzed her face. “Oh yeah, you were at my eighteenth birthday party, with Jermaine. Where he been?”
She hunched her shoulders, as she walked by. “My guess would be jail. I haven’t seen him since last year.”
Key examined her body. He figured she was about five four with an hourglass shape. Her slim waist was complemented by her average b-cup breast. When he scoped her smile, he found every tooth to be straight and accounted for. She had deep dimples in her cheeks, which drew more attention to her bright whites. His hand grazed her rear-end as she walked pass.
Alicia noticed the move he made. “I guess college did nothing to change you, Key. I see you still treating girls the same.”
Key raised his left eyebrow at her. “Is that the reason why you chose Dell over me, because you know I was the first one on your mind.”
“I got with Dell because you were running around school like a male whore. I needed a man, not a boy.”
“It wasn’t my fought I was popular. Anyway, where’s Dell?”
“He left something in the car.”
When Dell came in, everybody went upstairs in Key’s mother’s old room to smoke some weed and talk about old times. Alicia didn’t smoke weed, but she was sure to get high from a contact.
Ten minutes later, Tone and Earn showed up with two girls from another hood. Earn was a small time hustler from the neighborhood. He was a couple years older than the rest of them but fit perfect with the group. He lived around the corner from Key since they were six and eight. He made enough money to maintain, but all he really did was smoke and drink. 
Tone tossed a box of vanilla dutchmasters on the bed. “Y’all need to put that bull shit up and roll this bustahead up.”
“I know you got some drinks in the fridge, Key.” Earn said.
“It’s some old as 1978 wine down there that my mom left, but that’s it,” key replied 
Everybody was smoking and talking when Nova got up and pulled Key out his seat. Nobody but Alicia noticed them leave. She shook her head at their receding backs, knowing what they were up to.
As soon as Key shut the door to his room, Nova was all over him. She started on his ear then moved her lips to his neck. “I waited a whole two years to get you alone.” She stepped back and pulled her shirt over her head.
Key kissed her perky breast. He admired the thin laced material bra she wore. He unhooked it with on hand and covered her with his hot mouth.
Nova enjoyed Key’s soft lips. She placed her hand on his chest and shoved. “Hold on baby, we got all night.” She turned her back to him and bending at the waist, she slid her tight guess jeans down her hips. With her cheeks covering the better part of her thong panties, she swayed to the bed and sat on the edge. She opened her legs wide and pulled her thong to the side, using her right index finger. At that moment, somebody chose to knock on the door.
“What up?” Key yelled, agitated. 
“Yo, Dave downstairs,” Tone replied. “He wants to holla at you.”
“A’ight.” Key sighed, as he watched Nova’s fingers move between her legs. “I want you to keep that thought.” He left the room, went downstairs and found Dave in the living room with a girl that look like she been on the track all night. “What up, yo?” 
“I need a favor,” Dave said. He and Key met fifteen years ago, when Key moved into the neighborhood. He was one of the few people Key could trust with his life. Dave had everything going for his self, until he fell asleep at the wheel and drifted through an active interception. Now all he did was drink alcohol and do anything to get money. 
Key glanced at the girl sitting on the couch. “I already know what you want. What I don’t understand is why you keep paying for this trash when you could get some bad whores from Nett, and have a spot to do your thing?”
“She cost too much,” Dave replied.
“Just make sure you clean the sheets this time. Last time you left a big yellow stain on the bed in the spare room.”
“I got you yo.”
Key walked Dave into the Kitchen where the whore couldn’t hear. “I set something up between you and Nett. She’s gonna front you some shit. All you got to do is find people who buy weight. You’ll be the middleman. You can’t fuck this up, tho’, because I vouched for you.”
“That’s what’s up. I been ready to get that food. When are we gonna eat?”
“Go holla at her tomorrow.” After talking to Dave, Key rushed up to his room and shut the door. “Was I long?”
“I don’t know,” Nova replied. “Come over here and let me see.” When Key stood in front of her, she pulled his Rocaware jeans down to his ankles. She wasted no time taking all nine inches of him in her mouth. “Mmmmmmm.”
“Damn girl.” Key placed his hands on her shoulders for support. His body felt weak from the pleasure she dished out. 
Nova slid his stick to the edge of her mouth, teasing him by letting it linger on her tongue. She looked at it before she kissed the tip. “I think he’s ready now.” She scooted back on the bed and spread her legs. 
Key slipped on a condom and joined her. After discarding her thong, he climbed between her legs and slid all nine between her juicy lips. Even with the condom, he could feel how wet she was. Key hit her depth, pulled out then plunged back in. Nova shuddered as he thrust harder. Each stroke moved her to the point of explosion. Her orgasm came so powerful; her newly done full set made a thin layer of blood trickle down his back.
Key pulled out and flipped her over. She arched her back, causing her rear to raise and expand. Key dived into her wetness headfirst. He took her by surprise when his finger made semi circles around the entrance to her anal; teasing her sort of, his next move gave her chills.
“Ohhhhhhh shit, damn Key,” Nova screeched. Her second orgasm exploded through her body like a shockwave.
“Oh fuck,” Key hollered. He pulled out, leaving his hands planted and came across her back. He grabbed a towel and handed it to her. “You might want to wipe your back off.”
They laid back and rested for round two. “Where you learn how to do that, you know?” Nova was curious.
“Why, did you enjoy it?” Key grabbed a blunt off the dresser and sparked it, as he waited for an answer.
“I can’t complain. I was just caught off guard.”
They were interrupted by a knock on the door. “Yo Key, you need to come see this shit.”
“A’ight, hold up.” He passed Nova the blunt then put his jeans on. He stepped in the hall to find Dave and Earn standing in the doorway of one of the rooms. “What’s the deal?” He glanced in the direction of their eyes. Key’s forehead crinkled. “What the hell, Earn?! Get up!”
Earns blurry vision was apparent to everyone staring at him. The vomit dripped from his face, as he lifted it from the mattress. Embarrassed, he wiped the smelly fluid from his face and slid off the bed. “My bad, yo. That old ass wine got my stomach in a grip.”
Nova stood there watching the creamy liquid drip from his face. “That’s disgusting.”
“Damn yo, if you wasn’t my boy, I would have been kicked your ass.” Key grabbed the blunt from Nova and inhaled to calm his nerves. “Clean that shit up before my sister come home and flip out.”
Ten o’clock the following morning, Key loaded his bags in the trunk of Dave’s gold 92 Acura Legend. He jumped in the passenger seat and they headed to the airport. Key rolled a preflight blunt and sparked it. “Yo, after you get your money up while dealing wit Nett, you should come to Cincinnati with me.”
“I need to. I’m tired of mom’s tryna put me out all the time. I can’t even bring a girl to the crib.”
Key leaned back in Dave’s leather seat and inhaled the some sweet smoke. Dave was never a smoker, so he cracked his window. “When I get my own spot, I’ll let you know. It shouldn’t take that long.”
“Just let me know. I’ll definitely be on my way through.” Dave pulled in the airport entrance and parked.
Key’s plane landed in the Cincinnati/Kentucky Airport at one o’clock that afternoon. Key caught a cab to his mom’s small apartment and let himself in. There was a newspaper on the dining room table, with a note telling him to look for a job. He dropped his bags, found the unemployment section, and scanned through the openings. His minded drifted to the last time he was there, so he started wondering what Nita was doing now. He dropped the paper and dialed her number. He was disappointed to hear the automated operator say that the line was disconnected. He hung up the phone and thought about ways he could get in contact with her.
Chapter 3
Brick drove his mothers Ford Escort through Zone 15. Being a jack boy was his only occupation, so he was on the prowl for his next victim. As he cruised pass an intersection, he noticed a dealer serving a fiend then he watched him stuff the wad of money in his pocket. Brick also caught a glimpse of chrome when he raised his shirt up. They always make my job easy, he thought, as he cruised pass the corner. He drove down the street and parked the car out of sight. He cocked his 380 and slipped a mask over his face. After checking his surroundings, he opened the door and slinked to the corner. While the dealer had his head turned, Brick rushed him and placed the cold nozzle to his neck. “Bruh, don’t make this harder than it need be!”
“Come on cuz, I’m starving out here,” the dealer begged.
“I don’t give a fuck. I get it how I live.” Brick shoved the gun deeper in his neck. He checked the pocket where he saw the money stashed and pulled out the wad. “Where the rest of it at?!”
The dealer glanced at his feet. “That’s all I got.”
Brick patted him down and found a chrome nine in his pants. “Oh, you a killer huh?” A further search down his legs uncovered another wad of bills in his socks. “Ah shit, this nigga wanna lie.” Whopp!!! The dealer hit the ground so hard, it shook under Brick’s feet. “I should pop you with your own gun. Get your soft ass up and run for your life!”
The dealer took off down the street like a greyhound, giving Brick enough time to get back to his car. He hit I-75, straight to his mother’s condominium in Westwood. Safely secured in his room, he spread the money on the bed and counted it. Umm, thirty-five hundred, not bad for one lick, he thought to himself. He put five hundred in his pocket, stashed two thousand, and put the remaining thousand on his mother dresser. He figured that would keep her off his back about finding a job. He walked down to Rolling Ridge complex and bought an ounce of marijuana. Back at the condo, he sat in the garage and rolled a blunt, because his mom didn’t want him smoking in the house.
As Brick got high, he thought about moving into the condo across the lot. His little venture gave him enough money for the first month rent and security deposit. He knew he needed a steady job to maintain the condo, but why work when you can rob, was his motto.
His thoughts were interrupted by the headlights of his mother’s car. Brick put his blunt out while she was pulling in the garage and opened her door when she cut the engine. “How was your day, mom?”
“How you think it was? My godamn feet hurt!” She worked as a nurse at the Drake Hospital, changing linen and wiping old people’s butts all day. Her nose flared at the smell around her. “I told you about smoking that stuff in here.”
“You said the house, I’m in the garage.”
“Boy, don’t make me smack you. What you need to do is find a job. You’re a grown ass man now.” She entered the condo, leaving brick in the garage.
Brick sat in his chair and relit his blunt. He got to take two puffs before his mother busted through the door, holding the money he put on her dresser.
“Where the hell you get this from?” She asked, as she waved the bills at him.
“Does it matter where it came from?” Brick replied, a little too loud. “You said you needed help with the bills. That’s helping, ain’t it?”
She advanced toward him with her hand ready to strike. Brick jumped from his chair and ran around the car. “You’re not too old to get your ass whooped. You better not have some cop knocking on my door, talking about you did something!”
“Why don’t you give it back then?” She stuck the money in her bra and left the garage.
That’s what I thought. He rolled another blunt and walked to the corner. He was tired on his mom’s mouth, so he decided to move out as soon as possible.
~~~~~
His second week in Cincinnati, Key found a job working at a company called Xerox, refurbishing copy machines. One day at work, he was deep in a copiers gut when he felt eyes directed on him. When he glanced up, the dark skinned girl working across from him diverted her eyes. Key stopped her when she walked pass his station. “Can you buy me lunch?”
“I thought the man was supposed to pay the bill,” she replied.
“How about we get to know each other first, then figure out who buys who lunch.”
She playfully hit him, as a chuckle escaped her mouth. “Do you know white boy mike?”
“Yeah. Why?”
“Meet me at his car during the break. By the way, I’m Kim.”
“I was getting around to asking you. You can call me Key.” He watched her walk off. What she lacked in the face area, she definitely made up for it with her nice backside. Even though her skin was the color of charcoal, she wasn’t very ugly, but you couldn’t say she was cute either. 
The third shift lunch break was at 2am. Key ventured into the parking lot and found Mike’s pimped out Monte Carlo. When he slid in the back seat, the scent of his favorite narcotic filled his nose. “That’s what’s up.” He moved closer to Kim and shut the door.
Mike and another coworker sat in the front seat passing a small weed pipe between them. “You want to hit this, Key?”
Key pulled an already rolled blunt from his pocket. “Nah, I’m cool.” He handed it to Kim and told her to spark it. His eyes landed between her legs, where her blue stretch pants molded to her love lips.
Kim pulled hard on the blunt as she sparked it. She hit it one more time then tried to pass it to Key. He was so busy checking out her camel toe, he didn’t notice her extended hand. Kim opened her legs wider to give him a better view. “You like what you see?”
Key diverted his eyes and grabbed the blunt out her hand. “I was just checking out what I was getting myself into.”
“Who said you could get into it?”
“Why don’t you think about that then get back to me,” Key replied. He knew it wouldn’t be hard to get what he wanted out of her.
Kim scoped Key from head to toe. Why not, she thought. She figured he would be excellent person to relieve her tension after work. “I was thinking, you could come over right after work. If you act right, I’ll even cook some breakfast.”
“As tempting as that sounds, I got to take care of some stuff this morning. Maybe next time, huh?”
“I guess so.”
Mike turned to face the back seat. “You never offered to cook me breakfast, Kim. That’s some bull.”
“I guess that’s saying you pink meat don’t act right,” Kim said. She gave Key her number then returned to work after the blunt was gone.
After work, Key road with his mom to the D.M.V. He was tired of depending on her for a ride, so he decided to get his Cincinnati License. Once he checked in with the clerk, it took fifteen minutes for his name to be called. The surprise on his face showed the instructor that he wasn’t ready for her beauty. She was five four, redbone, with long black and gold highlighted shoulder length hair. Her apple bottom matched the small d-cups tucked in her low cut blouse. Key escorted her to his mother’s gold Grand Am and buckled up before they pulled out the lot. “So, how am I doing—?”
“You can call me Mimi, and you’re doing fine. Make a right at the next light.”
After turning on his turning signal, Key relaxed behind the wheel. “You can call me Key. How do you like working for the state?”
“It works for me, Mr. Lenox. Why don’t you parallel park between those two cars.”
Key got the feeling she was avoiding talking to him, so he stayed quiet until they got back to the parking lot.
“OK, Key, I mean Mr. Lenox, you passed.” She handed him a couple of forms. “Take these to the clerk and get your license.” The look in his eyes told her he was about to try to get on. She thought he was cute, but was prepared to shoot him down.
“You know something, as fine as you are, I know everyday you come to work you get hounded by so called players. I learned that by the way you brushed my conversation off while I was driving. I ain’t tryna be like everybody else, but I just moved to Cincinnati and I’m tryna meet some new people. You seem like you would be a good person to hang out with.
Mimi had a lost of words. She let down her guard and wrote down her number. “I guess I could be your friend. I know how it is to move somewhere and not know anybody. I’m originally from Detroit. Make sure you call me, so I can show you around the city.”
“I’ll do that,” Key said. He went in the building and retrieved his license then joined his mom in the car.
“That girl was cute. I know you got her number,” Lisa said.
“Mom, you think you know me.”
“I know you’re a whore just like your father.”
Key pulled the number out and flashed it at her. “Like father like son.”
Later that same afternoon, Key drove his mother’s car to Fairview Park to shoots some hoops. Following a couple games of full court, he befriended a dude name TJ. They sat on a bench looking over the city, drinking the water Key brought with him.
“You hoop like those dudes on them and-one tapes,” TJ said. “Where you from?”
“New Jers, but I stay in Roselawn.”
“I stay right down the street in Bond Hill. I’m about to roll this blunt. You smoke?”
“Yeah, I’ll match one with you if you feel like following me out to the crib.”
“I’m going that way, anyway.”
Back at Key’s small apartment, they sat on the balcony while they smoked. Key started to daydream about the last time he sat out there and watched Nita walk through the front door. TJ’s voice brought him back to the present. “Did you say something?”
“I was asking if you wanted to hoop this Tuesday? My job rents out the Bush Center gym, out there in Walnut Hills.”
“I’m wit that. You got to come scoop me tho.”
“Be ready around nine.”
Key’s mind drifted back to Nita, as he inhaled the sweet smoke from the blunt. “Yo, do you know a shorty name Nita? I think she stay in Bond Hill.”
“I know you’re not talking about dark skinned, long hair, green eyed Nita.”
“That sure sounds like her.”
“She went to Woodward with me. I tried to holla at her for a few years, but she wasn’t on my shit.”
“I met her when I was down here last time. She told me to get with her if I decide to move here. Her phone ain’t working.”
“That’s because she fuck with some dude name Jesse. They live together out Westwood.”
To hell with her dude. All I need to do is find her. “I guess that’s dead.”   
After the second blunt was gone, TJ grabbed his keys and stood up. “I need to go get ready for work. I hope they don’t notice that I’m blowed. I’ll call you on Tuesday.”
“A’ight yo, get at me.” Key locked the front door then lay across the couch. Tired and blunted, he dozed off thinking, it was time to buy a car and find his own spot.
~~~~~
 Ruby strolled out of Lowes Department store full of confident. He slid across the ragged driver seat of his old model Cutlass. When he turned the engine, his two twelve inch beat in competition in the trunk, pounding out the beat to I’m The King by TI. He reached on the back seat for the bag full of tools he planned to return to Home Depot, for a cash refund. He made sure the receipt was in the bag then tossed it back where it was. He opened his glove department and found that his supply of bad checks was getting low. I better reup before my money gets low, he pondered. The checks were used to purchase some sort of product he knew he had no money to pay for. Then he would return the merchandise for a cash refund. Ruby was so lost in his thoughts, he never noticed the tall lanky white man approaching his car.
The man tapped on the car window. “Excuse me sir. Can you step out the car for a minute?”
Ruby fumbled with the gearshift. “Fuck, fuck, fuck,” he shouted, as he dropped the car in drive and slammed down on the gas pedal. The man jumped back from the car just in time to not get his foot smashed. He shook his head at the retreating car.
Ruby pulled out the parking lot and headed for his next target. On his way down the highway, he dialed his girlfriend, Kim, number on his cell.
“Hello?”
Aye boo, I got some running around to do before I come get you. I’ll call you when I’m on the way.”
“Ok, baby. I’ll be at my mom’s. I got to help her move some stuff around the house, then take the Pontiac to get a oil change.” 
“I’ll see you later then.” Ruby closed his cell. Five minutes later, he was pulling into the Home Depot parking lot. He grabbed the bag sitting on his back seat and headed for the department store’s sliding doors. Once in the store, he found the return area empty, he set the bag on the counter. At the height 6’4”, he towered over the short cashier. “I’d like to return this stuff.”
The assistant manager temporarily working in returns, gave the bag a suspicious once over, but she started the process. “Sir, I need to see your receipt.” Once she had all the tools scanned in, she gave Ruby his refund. She waited for him to leave the counter before she grabbed the phone and had a short conversation with the supervisor. The lady hung up the phone and rushed to the parking lot and wrote down his plate number.
Ruby had a bad feeling about the way the lady looked at him when she gave him his refund, so he took all the back roads to his house in Fairmount. He locked himself in his home and poured a glass of 151 Bacardi to calm his nerves. While he was sipping his drink and counting the money he made, somebody banged on the front door. Paranoia shot through his veins. He stashed the money in an old pizza box he kept in the freezer.
Kitta stood on Ruby’s porch waiting for an answer. She banged on the door one more time then started to leave, until she noticed his curtains move a little. “Open the door, Ruby.” She fixed the short hair she had, that kept slipping out the rubber band and shifted her dingy gray bra, that use to be bright white.
Ruby unlocked the door and snatched it opened. “Girl, don’t be banging on my door like the police!”
“Sorry, damn. I didn’t know if you were upstairs or something.”
“What the hell do you want?”
“I was gonna see if you wanted to chief on this dro stick with me. Never mind now that you’re being so nasty.” She started to walk off.
Ruby realized that he forgot to stop on Glenco and pick up some weed on the way home. 
He reached out and stopped her from leaving. “Hold up, Kitta, you know I was just playing. Bring your ass in here.” He and Kitta sat in his living room smoking on the blunt she brought with her. He knew the weed tasted somewhat funny, but the 151 had his mind a little clouded. He watched Kitta get up and stand between his legs, through small slits. “What you doing, girl,” he slurred.
“How much time do I got before one of your girls show up?”
“Enough time to do whatever you got in mind.”
Kitta took the blunt from him and sat it in the astray. She grabbed his hand and led him into the kitchen. After pulling her tight jeans and lace panties down, she sat on the table with her knees spread. When she pulled his head between her legs, he didn’t put up a fight.
Half an hour later, Ruby woke up on the floor, with his face lying in the seat of the kitchen chair. What the fuck happened, he thought. He got up and poured a glass of water for his dry mouth. He assumed Kitta left after he passed out, so he took his glass of water up to the bedroom, where he planned to take a quick nap before he hooked up with his girl. He was surprised to find Kitta lying across his bed, her bare ass facing him. He slipped off his clothes and slid behind her.
“I was wondering when you would get tired of that hard ass floor.” She reached behind her and positioned his throbbing manhood to enter her. She shifted her buttocks back to give him better access to her worn out vagina. Her walls were so gone; she could hardly feel him enter her.
Kitta’s rhythm made Ruby have a premature ejaculation. He gripped her waist and rammed deep inside her and let loose a load of kids in rout to her uterus. From the effects of the laced blunt Kitta gave him and the 151, he dozed off while still planted.
Once she heard his light snores, Kitta eased off his rod, slipped out of bed, and put her clothes on. She searched his room for money and came up empty. How is his ass always broke? 
She asked herself. Disappointed that she let him run up in her for nothing, she started to leave. On her way through the kitchen, she remembered one day she saw him go to the freezer to get some money for weed. She opened the freezer and ended up sticking her hand in the old pizza box full of money.  She separated three hundreds from the stash and put the rest back. Now that she knew his stash spot, her plan was to take a little at a time, so he wouldn’t notice. She shut the freezer and left the house.
~~~~~~
Brian aka Big B stood on the corner of 12th & Broadway, trying to shoo off a begging fiend. “I told you, ain’t no more credit. You need to get gone. Come back when you got something for me.”
The fiend’s mouth twitched as it opened. “Come on B, just this one time. I need something, man. I’ll pay you when my check come, I promise.”
“You said that last time, when it took me two weeks to find your dope fiend ass.” Brian’s face tightened. “Get the fuck from around here, before I fuck you up!”
The fiend knew how far to push Brian. He scurried around the corner in search for the next fiend to panhandle.
At 6’2”, 206 pounds, Brian put fear into the heart of anybody standing next to him. Hustling was in his blood. When his brother was killed in the game and his mom was strung out, he had to step up and take care of his responsibilities. With nobody to look out for him, he had to take care of himself. He started hustling for somebody then a couple years went by and his size got bigger. He broke off on his own. Now he waited for day when he could supply the whole block.
The block was slow, so he decided walked down Vine Street to Kroger’s. He sat on the steps when he noticed his cousin’s beat up Oldsmobile cruising towards him. I’ll get him to take me. 
“What’s up, cuz?” TJ asked, as he got out his hoopti. He sat next to Brian on the steps.
“Out here getting paid. What you doing down here?”
“Let me show you something.” TJ opened his trunk and displayed two twelve-inch MTX sub woofers and a V-twelve amplifier.
“What’s the point of you showing me this?” Brian asked, in his deep voice.
“I’m tryna get rid of it.”
“I ain’t got a car. What the fuck will I do with it?”
“I know you could sale it before I could. Or you could keep it until you copp a car.”
Brian stepped closer next to his cousin to get a better look into his soul. “Why you selling this? You smoking or something?”
“Hell nah, you crazy! I just need some extra cash to pay my rent. You know I still got that job at Circuit City. This stuff comes a dime a dozen. I only want three hundred for it.”
“Whatever fool. If you weren’t family, I wouldn’t even buy this shit. Take me to Kroger’s then to the crib to drop this shit off.” Brian slid across TJ’s raggedy front seat. He peeled off fifteen twenty dollar bills from his wad and handed them to his cousin.”
“Ain’t it about time you got a car?” TJ asked.
“I’ll copp one when I hit five hundred stacks,” Brian said, as he licked his fingers and counted the money he made for the day.
“Your ass ain’t never gonna get a car then,” TJ chuckled.
“Laugh now fool. We’ll see what’s up when you see me sitting in a 500sl on dubs, while you running around still selling cheap systems to pay rent.”
TJ parked in the Kroger’s grocery store small parking lot on Vine Street. While Brian went in the market, TJ walked next door to the Rasta store to buy some blunts. On his way in,
he bought a twenty sack of regular weed from one of the Dreds standing in the front. Brian exited Kroger’s carrying a small paper bag. He noticed a dealer name, Tim, who hustled for him. Brian set his bag on TJ’s front seat and made his way to the street side.
He approached Tim, rubbing his hands together. “What up, bruh? It’s that time, baby.”
“What up, Big B?” Tim turned his head to camouflage his black eye.
“Damn, what the fuck happen to you?!”
“Lil Moe came down Walnut on that dope fiend shit. I swear, the next time I see him.” Tim lifted his shirt up to show Brian the small pistol he was packing. Lil Moe was known for knocking the young dealers out then going in their pockets. He was an ex boxer that loss his career to drugs.
Brian had no compassion for Tim’s eye. All he was worried about was what was his. “I know he didn’t take what you owe me!”
“Nah B, I was just on my way up Broadway to holla at you.” He pulled a wad of bills from his pocked and handed them to Brian. “When can I come pick up a couple more?”
“I don’t know if that’s a good idea. You got to handle your problems before I can fuck wit you again. If my shit gets snatched, I’m a have to holla at you and Lil Moe and I ain’t got time for that. You feel me?”
“You ain’t got to worry—”
“Like I said, take care of your business then come holla at me. Until then, you won’t eat.” Brian stuffed the money in his pocket and joined TJ in the car.
TJ handed Brian a blunt and told him to spark it. “What happen to little dudes eye,” he asked, as he pulled into Vine Street traffic?
Brian inhaled the sweet smoke then let it drift from his nose. “You ever been fleeced by a dope fiend?”
“You know I don’t fuck around wit that shit.”
“Right, I forgot who I was talking to. I’ll explain it to you like this. First they start by asking to see what you got so they can switch it with some fake shit. If that don’t work, they get real thirsty and just smack the bottom of your hand and snatch your work then take off. The ones that need the drug to survive, like heroin addicts, they’ll either knock you out then go in your pockets, like what happen to Tim, or they’ll pull out a gun and take what you got. You don’t want to tell a dope fiend with a gun, no. They won’t hesitate to bust your ass.”
“That’s because all these young cats out here selling dope to people old enough to be their grandparents.”
“You ain’t listening to a word I just said. They don’t give a fuck how old somebody is. If they need it and you got it, they’ll find a way to get.”
“If it’s that bad, why you still doing what you do?”
“Because I love this shit,” Brian stated. “The only way I’ll stop, if somebody shows me an easier and faster way to get paid. Otherwise I’ll still be chere.”
“I feel you cuz,” TJ said, as he pulled up to Brian’s apartment. After he helped Brian carry the system up the steps, they returned to the car to finish the blunt.
Brian opened the passenger door and stepped out. “Don’t be just coming through when you need something. Kick it with your big cousin some time.”
“A’ight,” TJ promised, as he pulled from the curb. He didn’t like hanging downtown, so he knew the next time he seen his cousin was when he needed something.
Chapter 4
Key accustom to sitting around waiting for something to happen. Only three months in what they called Cin City and he already had a two-bedroom condo and late model Honda Accord. He reclined in his favorite green leather chair with the phone pressed to his ear. “I’ll be there in a minute.” He ended the call, grabbed his car keys and entered the garage. On his way out, he noticed Brick sitting on his own steps.
Key met Brick when he first moved in. Brick let it be known that he wanted to get the condo for his self. He was disappointed with his self for not moving a lot quicker, but he didn’t mind having somebody like Key living across from him. When brick noticed his new friend leaving, he got up and approached his car.
“What up my nig? Let me get a ride down the hill to BP?”
“I’m about to roll out Mt. Healthy,” Key replied. “You can ride if you want.”
“I ain’t got nothing better to do.” Brick walked around Key’s car and hopped in. “What’s out there?”
Key steered his car to I-75. “I’m meeting somebody out there.” Fifteen minutes later, he was parking next to a gold four door Lexus, in the Wendy’s parking lot, with a girl sitting on the hood. 
“Damn, who that?” Brick asked.
“A friend of mine.” Key got out the car and leaned next to Mimi on the Lexus. “I see you rolling big.”
“This isn’t mine, my girl let me use it. She's back at the house.” Mimi slid off the hood and hugged Key. “Follow me to the crib. It’s just around the corner.”
Key got in his car and pulled behind Mimi. “Yo, that’s her girl’s Lexus. You’re about to meet her now. You better get on.”
I will. I just hope she looks just as good as her friend.”
After a couple twist, turns, and speed bumps, Key parked behind Mimi in front of a white one-story stucco house. Followed by brick, they walked in with Mimi. Besides the pile of Hydro lying on the coffee table, the first thing they saw was a slim girl with the same skin tone as Key. Her hair was done with a hump in front with a long ponytail hanging out the back. Key noticed she was comfortable in her half opened silk robe that gave them a nice view of the translucent teddy she wore. They stood by the door gaping at her. To Key’s surprise, Mimi sat on her lap and slipped her tongue down the girls throat, as if it was kosher.
“Damn Mimi, you could have warned a brother,” Key said.
“I told you my girl let me drive her car. Her name is Jaden. Jaden, this is the Key I told you about, and this is—”
“Brick,” Key interjected, as he recognized Brick was in shock. Key made his self at home, by having a seat on the couch between Mimi and Jaden.
Brick still stood frozen at the door checking out Jaden. Why all the bad ones got to be carpet munchers? He asked himself. He knew Jaden was off limits.
Jaden looked up to find Brick still undressing her with his eyes. She was use to that kind of reaction from men. She raised one of her long arched eyebrows at him. “You know you can have a seat, we don’t bite.”
I wish you did, Brick thought. He sat in the recliner next to the couch. 
Mimi grabbed two Swisher Sweets off the table and tossed the boys each one. “Can y’all roll them for me? I need to get my head busted.” When she got up to put a movie in, they got to see how she was really shaped. With her sitting down, they misjudged her appearance. She had a twenty-six inch waist, with at least forty inches around the hip and buttock area. She returned to the couch and passed them a lighter. “Go ahead and spark them both.”
“Damn, you tryna get us twisted,” Brick said.
“That’s the idea,” Jaden replied.
Brick was thinking, maybe they wanted to get as high as possible before they did him and Key. He never got the chance to find out, because after the smoke cleared, he and Key were passed out where they sat.
An hour later, Key stood up and yawned. A full bladder sent him in search for a bathroom. He never noticed that the girls were missing from the living room. On his way down the hall, sensual moaning caressed his ear. He followed the sound to a partially opened door and peeped in. His eyes focused on the way Jaden kissed and caressed Mimi’s breast. Her tongue traveled down south, pass her navel, and to her inner most thighs. She stuck two manicured fingers in Mimi’s wetness, as her lips captured her clit. Mimi reached in a bag full of sexual toys, pulled out a two-headed vibrator, and handed it to Jaden. They over lapped their legs, making it easier to slide the double-sided man organ between them. Once one side was deep inside Jaden, Key watched as the other side slipped slowly in the pink lips between Mimi’s legs. Jaden hit a switch on it that made it jerk out of control.
Key stood frozen at the door. It was the first time he ever witness two girls together, besides watching a porno. I’m beginning to like Cincinnati, he thought. He was tempted to join them, but he didn’t what the deal really was with Mimi. He planned to get to know her a little better then see what was up. Key used the bathroom then returned to the living room and tapped Brick on the shoulder. “Yo, get up.”
Brick stood up and wiped drool off his face. “Damn, how long was I out?”
“A little over an hour. You ready to roll?”
Brick eyes searched for Mimi and Jaden. “Yeah, I’m ready,” he said. He concluded that Key crept off with them after he passed out.
On his way home, Key stopped at a pay phone. After what he just witnessed, his mind was stuck on one thing. He picked up the receiver and dialed Kim’s number.
“Hello?” Kim answered on the third ring.
“What up, baby girl?”
“Who’s this?”
“Stop playing, it’s Key. I’m tryna see you tonight.”
“So you think you can just call me when you got time. Maybe I got plans.”
“I mean, I ain’t sweatin’ you or nothing,” Key replied. “Go do what you do.”
“Nah, I don’t have anything to do. We can hook up, but you got to take me to Club O first, then we can chill at my crib.”
“A’ight, come get me around eight.” He gave her his address then returned to his car, where Brick was passed out again.
Around seven forty-five that night, Key sat in his condo waiting for Kim to show up. When he heard a car pull up that sounded like it needed a muffler, he grabbed his keys and headed outside. His face frowned at the sight of Kim’s Pontiac 6000. There’s no way I’m pulling up to the club in that. “Lets take my car so you can get your drink on.”
“Whatever,” Kim replied. She knew he didn’t want to roll in her car because it was a piece of shit.
Key took I-75 directly to the club. He pulled in the parking lot and glanced around, happy he decided to drive his Honda. As soon as they got in the club, Kim went straight for the bar. She cane back to Key holding a sex on the beach and a tall beer.
“Here, I got this for you,” Kim said, as she tried to hand Key the beer.
Key pushed it away. “Nah, I’m cool. I’ll get one later.” He learned a long time ago from his uncle, not to put his lips to anything he didn’t see poured or rolled.
Ten fifteen minutes went by before Kim asked him to get her another drink.  While he was at the bar, he grabbed a Corona for himself. When he returned to the table the found, a tall light skinned guy was in Kim’s face, trying to run game. Key set her drink on the table and let the guy finish.
Kim ignored the guy, took a long swallow from her drink, and then grabbed Key’s hand. “Come on, let’s dance.” She led him onto the dance floor and started shaking her ass to the beat of Laffy Taffy by the Ying Yang Twins.
Key was grinding of her when he felt a pair of c-cups pressed up against his back. The girl behind him slipped her arms through his and covered his toned pecks with her small hands. Key turned around and was sure the girl he was searching for was standing before him. A closer inspection told him that it was her cousin, Toy. He whispered in her ear to meet him near the restrooms in a few. He danced with Kim for a couple more minutes before he left, impatient to find out if Nita was with her.
Toy crept up behind Key near the restrooms and wrapped her arms around his waist. “Hi Key baby. When your sexy ass get back in the city?” 
He pulled her off of him and turned around. “About three months ago.” He glanced over her shoulder for her cousin.
“For how long?”
“For good. Nita ain’t wit you?”
“Her dude don’t like her hanging with me. He thinks I’m a bad influence.” She stepped a little to close to him. “If you want to hook up, I’m single now. I left my broke ass boyfriend three weeks ago.
Key stepped away from her and thought about how much they looked alike, but how Nita was much thicker and smarter. “Nah, I’m cool.” He wrote his number on a napkin. “Give this to your cousin and tell her I just want to hear her voice.”
“Whatever.” Toy snatched the napkin and walked off; making sure Key got a good view of her tight ass.
Key knew Nita’s body was killing hers, so he paid her no mind. He used the bathroom then returned to the table.
Kim sat at the table nursing another drink, while she tapped her nails on the surface. Her lips pressed tight when she noticed Key approaching her. “You ain’t have to sneak off to holla at that skinny tramp. You ain’t my man.”
I know this girl ain’t mad. “Seems like somebody feeling a little jealous. 
“Whatever Key. I wish I drove, so I could leave your sorry ass.”
“Damn, that’s how you feel.” Key pulled her from her seat.
“Stop playing Key,” Kim said, not at all putting up a fight. She let him guide her onto the dance floor. After about five songs and a couple more drinks, she forgot what she was mad at him about. She slid her hand down the front of his pants. “I’m ready to get out of here.”
In the car Key figured she was too drunk to drive, so he asked for directions to her apartment. When they arrived there, Kim went straight for the bathroom and turned on the shower. She might not be all that, but at least she’s clean, Key thought. He sat on the couch and rolled up some weed. When he finished, he tiptoed to the bathroom and watched her wash through the clear shower doors. He was turned off by girls who didn’t know how to clean their bodies. Satisfied with Kim, he returned to the couch and sparked his blunt. 
A little while later, Kim entered the living room, sporting some form fitting booty shorts with the letters choco-late written across the rear. “She did a model spin, holding a small black bag on her finger. “You like my shorts?”
“They suit you,” Key replied. “What’s in the bag?”
Let’s find out,” Kim replied, as she sat next to Key on the couch and placed the bag on the table. Her hand slipped up his leg and landed on the bulge between his legs. “I see somebody needs to be set free.” She unzipped his jeans and found what she was looking for. “Damn boy, where have you been hiding all this.” Her hand slowly moved up and down his shaft.
She don’t waste no time getting down to the point. Key reached between her legs and got his hand slapped away. “What the fuck wrong wit you?!”
“Lil Kimmys off limits tonight. Don’t worry tho; I’m a take care of you.” Kim reached in her little bag and pulled out a small bottle of lemon twist, sexual flavor, and squirted some on her hand. She covered all nine of his inches with the tasty liquid then used her tongue to test it. It didn’t take long before she had a mouth full of him. Her tongue guided his head to the back of her throat. She would let it slipped half way out, and then plunge back down Kim was a pro at what she did. She teased Key until he couldn’t take it anymore.
Key leaned back and watched her work. He loved the way his stick fully disappeared in her mouth. When the pressure started to build up at his base, he gripped the cushions on the couch.
From lots of experience, Kim knew when a man was ready to drop his load. When she noticed his sack ascending and tightening, she slid his head to meet her tonsils, causing her to gag, but loving the fluids that shot straight down her throat. She pulled a couple hand wipes from her bag and used them to clean off his now limp stick. “Now that you’re happy, I’m taking my drunk ass to bed.” She left the room, leaving Key to get comfortable on the couch.
Key took off his shoes and reclined across the couch. After busting a nut, he was more than happy to be left alone. He put his feet up and relit his blunt. As the sweet smoke drifted from his nose, he thought about how good her mouth was, just nasty.
~~~~~~
Dave drove carefully across the Delaware Memorial Bridge. With two kilos of coke stashed under the spare tire in the trunk, he couldn’t afford to be pulled over. When he got through the toll booth, he took the first exit then pulled into the lot of Motel 6. For the last two months, he had been moving weight for Nett, making alright money. It was hard for him to deliver a bag full of money to her every week. Thoughts of robbing her crossed his mind, but he knew he had to do it in a way where she wouldn’t know and Key wouldn’t find out. He didn’t want to do something that would put his best friend in the middle of it.
Ty peaked through the curtains of room 16. He watched Dave pull up and get out his Acura Legend. When they first met, Ty thought Dave was grimy, but after buying a couple kilos from him, he knew Dave was about his business. Ty opened the door and let him in.
“What up, yo?” Dave pounded his fist then walked into the room. “Let’s get this over quick, so I can get back across that bridge.”
“A’ight.” Ty shut the door then pulled a small blue duffle bag from under the bed. “You got two for me, right?”
“Yep.” Dave grabbed the bag, flipped through the bills that filled it, and then closed it back up. As he held the bag, an idea shot into his mind.
“It’s all there,” Ty said. “You want to count it?”
“Nah yo, I trust you. Let me use your bathroom, tho.” Dave set the bag on the floor before he walked into the bathroom. At 17.5 a kilo, Dave knew there was thirty thousand in the bag. His hands got sweaty as he thought of all that money. He pulled his nine from his waist and tapped the barrow on his forehead. What if I just kill dude, then I could keep the money and returned Nett’s coke to her? Satisfied with that option, he slid his chamber back to make sure it was loaded, then stuck it in his waist before he exited the small room. 
“You ready to do this?” Ty asked. “I got people waiting for this shipment.”
Dave tossed his keys to Ty. “You know the drill; it’s under the spear tire.”
Ty turned his back for three seconds. Whopp!!! He hit the floor and was unconscious before he knew what happened. Dave straddled him and placed a pillow over his head. He centered his nine and let off three compressed shots through the cushion, leaving Ty’s body lifeless. Dave scurried around the room getting rid of any evidence of him being there. He grabbed his keys and the blue bag before he left. As he made it through the toll unharmed, he dropped his speed five miles under the speed limit and cruised I-295 all the way to Camden. An hour later, he pulled into Nett’s driveway, knocked on the door and was let in by Christen, Nett’s Korean girl.
“Hi Dave, come in.”
“What up Christen. Where’s Nett?”
“Have a seat, I’ll go get her.”
Nett entered the room wearing her favorite powder blue DKNY robe. At five ten one eighty, she carried her weight in all the right places. She sat in her recliner and fingered one of the many rings she wore. “What up wit it, Dave?”
“Yo, some bullshit went down,” Dave said, with a straight face.
Nett chastised herself for letting Key talk her into dealing with Dave. She knew eventually he would be on some other shit. She just trained her eyes on him, waiting for his lies.
Dave looked her directly in the face and laid out his story. “I was pulling in the Motel parking lot and noticed 5-0 parked by the office. When I got around the back, they were all around dude’s room.”
Nett gave him a skeptical gaze. “So what happen to him?”
“Shit, your guess is better than mine. I still got your keys in the trunk.”
Nett yelled for Christen and told her to fetch the drugs from Dave’s trunk. “You got another buyer?”
“Yo, I think that’s it for me. I was thinking of taking the little money I made and join Key in Cincinnati,” Dave said, actually talking about the thirty thousand under the seat of his car.
“You better not go up there involving Key in your bullshit.”
“I noticed something. You’re very protective over Key. Why is that?”
“You remember my ex dude who died. Key stayed home from college for a couple of months to make sure I was straight. I owe him for that and a lot more. He almost got kicked out of school.”
“That’s deep,” Dave joked.
“Fuck you, Dave,” Nett said, as she watched Christen enter the house and drop a bag next to her feet. Nett nudged the bag with her toe. “You can’t get rid of this for me before you bounce? I know you need the money.”
That’s what you think. It wouldn’t hurt to hit Cincinnati with over fifty stacks. “I can do that, but after I get rid of it, I’m gone.”
“I knew I could count on you. Why don’t you go back to one of them bedrooms. I got a little treat for you.”
Dave walked in one of the empty bedrooms and sat on the edge of the bed. A little while later a slim Hawaiian-Italian mixed girl strutted through the door.
“Hi, I’m Kamil,” she said in her confident voice. Her long smoke black hair trailed behind her, as she walked to the radio and switched it on. With her back turned, she let the robe slide to the floor, exposing pink hot shorts that set off the cuff of her ass. She stood in the center of the room and did a little striptease for Dave. After slowly discarding her lace bra and pink bottoms, Kamil scooped one of her 36c’s and sucked on her own nipple. She knew that Nett was testing her skills, so she climbed between Dave’s legs and gave him the ride of his life. She sucked, licked, and fucked the soul from his body. Her plan was to become Nett’s top girl. The one to be sent on thousand dollar jobs.
Two hours later, Dave regained enough energy to put his clothes on. He looked over at Kamil’s naked body, finding no blemishes or flaws as she slept. On his way out, he stopped in Nett’s room, where she was being rubbed down by Karmeeka. “Damn yo, where you find her?”
“Why would I tell you that? How was she?”
“She made me feel like a virgin. I’ll definitely be back to see her.”
Karmeeka looked at Dave with contempt. I got to do something about this girl, she thought. “When are you going to come see me, Dave?”
“Yeah, a’ight.” Dave walked out the house, grabbing the two kilos on the way. A week later, he was locked up for drug trafficking.  
~~~~~
Nita sat at one of the long polished walnut tables in the Cincinnati Library, downtown. She was studying for her final exam to get her nursing license. It was difficult for her to concentrate, because the way Jesse came home drunk the night before and forced her to do things, kept playing in her head. She looked up to find her cousin approaching her.
Toy sat across from Nita and leaned forward. “Where the hell was you yesterday? I called you all day.”
“I had a couple classes, and then I was busy.”
“If you say so, Bonito. You’ll never guess who I bumped into at Club O the other night.”
“I really don’t care.” Nita bit down on her pencil and focused on her book.
“Whatever girl. I saw Key’s fine ass, grinding on some ugly girl. He asked about you.”
Nita couldn’t hide the excitement in her eyes. She sat up and took the pencil from her mouth. “What he say, Toy?!”
“I see you care now,” Toy teased. “He kept going on about how he miss you and how can he get a hold of you. I told him your man wouldn’t let you come out.”
Nita had it in mind to reach across the table and strangle her cousin. “Why the hell did you tell him that?!”
“Damn B, I was just playing. Calm down. He told me to give you his number and sorry for not calling after he left.”
“I don’t care about that.” Nita gathered up her books. “You got the number on you?”
“Yup, I knew you would want to call him.”
They left the library and found a payphone on Court Street. Nita ignored the stares from every man that walked by and dialed Key’s number.
“Yo?” Key answered on the second ring.
“Hi stranger. I thought I’d never hear from you again.”
Key instantly recognized the voice on the line. “What up, baby girl. I was so busy with finals; I forgot to call after I left.”
“That’s alright. It’s just nice to hear from you.”
“Is having a boyfriend gonna stop me from seeing you?”
“Ouch!” Toy yelped. “What you hit me for?”
“I would love to see you. What about tomorrow?”
“It got to be on the weekend, because I work third shift. You and Toy can stop by on Saturday. I got somebody I want her to meet.”
“Ok Key, I’ll call you on Friday to make sure were still on.” After writing down his address, Nita hung up the phone, and then sneered at Toy. “You run your mouth too much.”
Now Toy knew why she had a bruise on her arm. “Sorry cuz, I was drunk.”
“Anyway, he wants us to come over on Saturday.”
Toy sucked her teeth. “Why I got to come?”
“Because I said so, plus he wants you to meet somebody.”
“Whatever, he better be cute, because you know I’ll clown him.”
“Can you drop me off over Tiff’s house? I’m not trying to deal with Jesse’s shit right now.” Rain couldn’t even take the smile off her face at the moment.
“Look at you, all happy go lucky and what not. You must really like him. Just drop me off at work, but don’t be late picking me up.”
Once she dropped her cousin off at work, Nita parked in Tiffany’s driveway. She walked through the unlocked front door and found her friend in the kitchen cooking breakfast.
“Fix me a plate Tiff.”
“Ok,” Tiffany replied. She was one of Nita’s high school friends. “Finish rolling the blunt that’s on the table, for me.”
Nita’s stomach was full after eating a full plate of fried potato’s and turkey sausages. She sparked the blunt and inhaled the sweet smoke in her lungs. “Hey Tiff, do you remember that guy I met last spring, who was from New Jersey?”
“Yeah, why?” Tiffany asked, listlessly. She hated when Nita talked about men. The subject never really aroused her interest. With her striking good looks, she knew that she could have almost any man she wanted. She chose to stay single for a reason.
“Well, I think he’s moved here for good, because he said something about having to work this week.” 
“I’m happy for you,” Tiffany lied. Every since they met at a high school basketball game, she had a crush on Nita. They’d been friends so long; she didn’t know how to approach her on the subject. She knew if she didn’t make a move soon, them being together would never happen. Tiffany hit the blunt a couple times then handed it back to her friend. “You can finish the rest of that. I need to pick up some stuff from the store.” She grabbed her purse and left, before Nita could ask to come.
Nita left the couch and headed to Tiffany’s bedroom to relax for a while. She turned on the TV, grabbed an astray, and lay across her bed. After the blunt burned out, she dozed off, thinking what she wanted Key to do to her. She ended up having a dream that was all too real. Key’s tongue was traveling up her thigh, as he used his head to raise her skirt. He didn’t even waste his time pulling her panties off; he just used two of his fingers to wedge them to the side of her inner leg so his tongue could continue on its mission. The warmth of his mouth on her juicy chocolate lips drove her crazy. The feeling was so overwhelming and surreal; Nita’s eyes shot open to find Tiffany’s head between her legs.
“No Tiff, what are you doing,” Nita muttered, too weak from the weed and her nap to actually fight her off.
“Just lay back and enjoy,” Tiffany mumbled, with her mouth full of Nita’s precious parts.
Nita tried to sit up, but the energy that surged through her body forced her to the mattress. Her muscles tightened, as her fingers gripped the sheets. She arched her back, which raised her pelvic to meet Tiffany’s hungry mouth. An unfamiliar feeling took over her body, something she couldn’t control. Still shaken and very confused, she curled in the fetal position.
Tiffany hopped off the bed and entered the bathroom to brush her teeth. She returned to the room and lay next to Nita. “Are you feeling al?”
“You know what Tiff, don’t say shit to me! I can’t believe you did that!” Nita loved the feeling she just experienced, but she felt Tiffany was no better than Jesse. She jumped off the bed and stormed out the house, deciding, that was the ended of their four-year close friendship.
Chapter 5
Key sat on his couch, inhaling smoke into his lungs, as he waited for his company to arrive. He let the smoke drift form his half open mouth, then glanced over at TJ, who was into the movie playing on Key’s TV. “Yo, I got a surprise coming over for you.”
“I hope your surprise ain’t ugly,” TJ replied.
“You ain’t got to worry about that.”
Ten minutes later, Key’s doorbell rang. He hopped off the couch and walked down the three steps to his front door. When he opened it, he didn’t give Nita a chance to speak, before he pulled her up against his hard body.
“I miss you too,” Nita said, as she stepped out of his embrace.
When they walked into the living room, Toy stood by the couch staring at TJ. She hasn’t seen him since their days in Woodward High, but he still looked the same to her. “Hi, TJ.”
TJ’s head swung around to the familiar female voice. “Ah, hell naw. What’s up wit y’all?” He stood up and hugged them both. He knew the girl everybody wanted to get with in school, including him, was there to see Key. “Come sit down Toy, let’s get reacquainted.”
“Whatever TJ. You didn’t say one word to me in school. Now you want to holla,” Toy said, knowing Nita was the one he wanted back then. 
“We grown now.” He looked at the way she filled out since he last seen her. “I had a small crush on you back then. I just didn’t know how to tell you.”
“Yeah right.”
Key and Nita sat on the couch he just left. He leaned over and kissed her soft lips. “Did you miss me?”
“If I didn’t, I wouldn’t be here,” Nita replied. “Can we go talk in private?”
“Let me finish smoking this blunt with TJ, and then we can go back to my room.” Key grabbed the blunt from the astray and relit it. Near the end of the movie, Key glanced over at the love seat and figured TJ and Toy were more acquainted, by the way TJ had his tongue down her throat. He looked down at Nita, who made herself at home across his lap. “Come on, let’s give them some privacy.”
In Key’s bedroom, Nita laid across his bed seductively. “So what do you got planned for me?”
“What up wit you and your dude?”
Nita was dreading that question, but she knew he would get around to asking it. “I met him after me and my mom fell out. Tired of staying with Toy and her brother, Camorra, we decided to move in together. It was the worst decision I could’ve ever made. He thinks he owns me now.”
“Just leave then.”
“And go where, Key. Are you gonna let me move in here with you, because I can’t stand my mom.”
Key thought hard before answering the question. “Maybe, I mean until you get on your feet. I wouldn’t have a problem wit that.”
“I can’t do that, Key. I’m not trying to be a burden on you, plus I want to get to know you all over again.”
“Just let me know if you change your mind.”
“Sooo, what brought you back to old Cincinnati?”
“You did, but I think I might have come too late.”
“I think if we were meant to be together, God will give us a sign.” She locked eyes with him. “You know I never stopped thinking about you.” She pulled him on the bed, between her legs. Her tongue parted his lips, as hers pressed firmly against his.
Key detached his lips from hers. “I’m feeling this, but I ain’t tryna share you. I want you for myself.”
Nita knew when she made love to Key; it would be a whole different experience than with Jesse. She was ready to give her body to him, but felt what he was saying. “You don’t have to share me.”
“Let me give you something to think about.” He helped her out of her clothes, just leaving her with a pair of lace panties, leaving her thinking he changed his mind. Using his tongue, he covered her smooth skin with his fluids. He lingered on her aroused nipple, then moved down pass her navel, to the soft skin that dipped into her inner thigh. He sucked and ran his tongue across the sensual spot. 
Nita’s body tensed up. “Ohhhh, Key!” She grabbed the back of his head. How can this be happening, he didn’t even touch me there? She thought to herself, as her second ever orgasm exploded through her body. At that point, Nita knew that she was going to leave Jesse sooner than later.
Key kissed her lips then lay down beside her, and wrapped his arms around her body. “You feel all right.”
“Yeah I am,” Nita replied. Her stomach started to turn, as she thought of the night ending. Reality struck when Toy knocked on the bedroom door two hours later, saying she had to go home to get some sleep for work. Nita got up and put her clothes on then kissed Key on the cheek, who fell asleep holding her. “I got to go, baby,” she whispered.
Key sat up and stretched. “Hold on, I’ll walk you out.” After watching Nita and Toy pull off, he returned to his living room and sat on the couch. “I see y’all hit it off,” he said to TJ.
“Man, Toy was skinny with a big head in school,” TJ said. “Her body filled out since the twelfth grade. She just gave me blue balls, tho.”
“At least she ain’t a whore.”
TJ shrugged his shoulders, and then stood up. “I’ll get at you later. They got me on the schedule for the morning.
Key locked the door behind TJ and returned to his couch. Nita’s smell was still under his nose. He was aroused just thinking about the way her smooth dark skin laid perfectly over her muscle and bone like freshly poured hot chocolate. He wanted to make love to her so bad, his stomach churned, but his intelligence told him to wait until she was available.
Twenty minutes after drifting off on the couch, His phone started to ring off the hook. He reached a lazy arm for the receiver. “Yo?”
“I’m tired of his shit!” Nita shouted. “I ain’t ever going back to that house!”
“Hold on baby, calm down. Now tell me what happen.”
Nita gather her composure before she spoke. “Jesse came home smelling like some cheap liquor, five minute after I got in. He said he was driving around looking for me all night. When he tried to force himself on me, I shoved him away. He got mad and slapped me, then tried to rape me. When he ripped my shirt off, I kneed him in the balls then got out of there. Now I’m standing out her without a shirt.”
“Where are you?”
“I’m at the Kroger parking lot on Harrison Ave.”
“Stay there, I’ll be there in five minutes.” Key hung up the phone with a thousand things running through his mind. He hated a man who put their hands on women. He grabbed an extra shirt, tied up his Timberlands, and then left the condo. On his way out the lot, he stopped his Honda in front of Bricks door and knocked.
“Brick opened the door looking like he’d just taken two blunts to the head. “What up, my nig?”
“Yo, you got heat?” Key asked.
“That’s all I carry. What’s the deal?”
“I got to take care of something real quick.”
“Hold on, I’m coming with you.” Brick ran up the steps and grabbed his thirty-eight and a Nine Ruger. He returned outside and jumped in Key’s passenger seat. “Fill me in on what’s going on.”
“Yo, you ain’t got to get involved.”
“Man, I live for the drama.”
Key gave Brick the details of the situation. He pulled in Kroger’s lot in less then four minutes. He hopped out the car and helped her put his shirt on. “Where that fool live?!”
“Why Key, what are you planning to do?”
“You need to get your shit, right?” He followed her directions to Jesse’s house. “Stay here until I tell you to come in.” Him and brick got out the car and approached the front door. With Brick leaning against the wall, Key knocked.
Jesse opened the door shirtless. “What’s up?” He asked, wondering who Key was.
Key stepped into the light. “Yo, is Nita here?”
“Nah that trick ain’t here. Who the fuck is you?!”
“Bruh, I advise you to watch your mouth.”
“Or what nigg—”
Bricks Ruger connected to the side of his face before he could finish his sentence, sending Jesse sprawling back into his house. They rushed into the house as Jesse hit the floor. When they had him secured, Key signaled Nita to come in.
She entered the house and looked at Jesse’s blooded mouth. Feeling he deserved every bit of what was happening to him, for all the times he beat on her, she diverted her eyes and went up the stairs to pack her things.
“You gonna get yours cuz!” Jesse growled. “You and that trick.”
“What nigga!” Key was over him like a cougar. He gripped his neck as he shoved the barrow of Bricks thirty-eight down his throat, knocking two teeth out.  “You got something to say?!”
Jesse shook his head no, as he looked deep into Key’s dark eyes. “You got it cuz,” he mumbled through blood and steel.
Key glanced towards the steps to make sure Nita was still upstairs. He pulled the hammer back on the revolver while his face snarled. “If I catch you around her again, you’ll be the second grimy nigga I put in a box. You feel me?!”
Jesse shook his head yes to the question. He let out a long sigh when the gun was removed from his mouth. He actually thought he seen the light when Key pulled the hammer back. When they finally left, Jesse ran to the window and wrote down Key’s license plate number. I got something for your ho ass,” he thought, as he spit blood and pieces of broken teeth into his hand.
Key pulled his Honda in front of Bricks condo and let him out, before he parked in his garage. “Good lookin’ yo, I owe you one.”
“Don’t worry about that shit, I told you I live for the drama.”
Nita and Key entered his condominium. “Don’t even sweat that shit. Grab a towel and washcloth out the hall closet and get a shower. I’ll put your stuff in my room.” Key carried her bag into his room. As he put her stuff up, he wondered if he was ready to live with a girl. He liked Nita and felt she might be the one, but everything was happening so fast. While she was still in the shower, he dialed his mom’s number.
“What boy?” Lisa answered.
Damn, everybody got caller ID. “What up mom? I just wanted to hear your voice.”
“Either something’s wrong or you need some money, which I don’t have, so what do you want.”
“Nothing, damn. Can I call to see how you’re doing?”
“Boy, it’s almost midnight. Bye.” She hung up in Key’s ear.
Back at Jesse’s house, he sat patiently in his living room waiting on the police to show up. He opened the door when he heard a loud knock.
“How are you doing sir? I’m Detective O’Malley, and this is my partner, Gaylor. We got a call about an assault.”
“Yeah, come on in,” Jesse said, as he opened the door. “I was home alone when two guys barged into my house waving guns. One hit me on the head, and then stuck the gun into my mouth.”
Another drug deal gone badly, O’Malley thought, as he looked at Jesse’s bloody mouth and black skin. “Did you know your intruders, sir?”
“No, I didn’t know them.”
“This is a waste of time,” O’Malley whispered to his partner.
He didn’t whisper low enough, because Jesse heard every word. “Hold on, I wrote down the license plate number to the car they were driving.” He went into the kitchen and grabbed a piece of paper off the fridge. He handed it to one of the detectives. “They were in a black Honda Accord.”
“You could have let us know you had this when we first arrived.” O’Malley snatched the paper from his hand. He hated when a victim gave him the, I don’t know what happen, story. They got Key’s address off their car computer, then headed in that direction.
Back at Key’s condo, he was setting his phone in the cradle when he glanced up to find Nita standing in his doorway wrapped in one of his terry cloth towels. Her long jet-black hair was curly from the shower. It draped down her back and across the smooth skin on her shoulders. When she had his full attention, her hand released the towel, exposing her large full breast and flawless shape. The sight of her caused Key’s erection to press against the inside of his zipper. She has never been the aggressor, so her advancement was a little awkward. Her lips met his, while her tongue was halfway down his throat. She let go long enough to help him out of his clothes.
“I guess God came through with that sign.”
“Baby, you ain’t got to—”
Nita laid two fingers on his lips. “I want to,” she whispered, as she pulled his shirt off. To her surprise, unbuckling his jeans caused all nine inches to fall out. Her eyes bulged at the girth and width of his manhood. When he was fully exposed, she stepped back and examined his body. There was no comparison of Key’s chiseled six-pack to Jesse’s beer belly.
Key pulled her up on the bed with him. “Let me take care of you,” he said, trying to be the aggressor.
“No, I got this.” She shoved him on his back and using her tongue, she returned the favor he gave her earlier, but she didn’t stop at the soft tissue where his leg connected, she ran her tongue to the tip of his penis. Her mouth was filled to the limit when her lips made it half way down his boner. It was the first time she ever went down on a man, but she did the best she could. Her moist lips worked as her hand stroked. She tried so hard; she sucked her jaws to soreness. Her tongue retraced its tracks, up his hard body while she straddled him. The pain was excruciating as she eased down on his large girth, but she accepted it. Her vagina walls stretched to match his thickness. Her bottom half vibrated while she slowly slid up and down on his staff.
Nita thought she would never get use to his size, until her juicy box molded to make him a perfect fit. As his head hit a spot that sent chills down her spine, she grind harder and twirled her hips to find it again. Her sudden orgasm sent her into a frenzy.
Key wanted to control the situation, so while still planted deep inside her, her rolled Nita onto her back. He held one leg up as he thrust inside her, every powerful stroke bringing her closer to a second orgasm. He was into pleasing a good woman, so when he felt the pressure building between his legs, he pulled out and dived face first between her legs. Key used his tongue to bring her to a second orgasm that was no less powerful then the first.
Wanting him back inside her, Nita pulled him back on top of her. This time she wrapped her legs around his waist, forcing him to hit her depth. She moved in perfect rhythm with his strong but gentle strokes. Her hands gripped his tight cheeks, pulling him in deeper.
This time Key couldn’t hold back. He let loose a stream of cum that struck that back of her vagina so hard, she could fill it. His body went limp, drained of all energy. “Damn girl, you tryna pussy whip a nigga?”
Nita smiled to herself. She laid in his arms, enjoying the warmth of his body. It wasn’t long before they were interrupted by the sound of Key’s doorbell.
“I’ll be back,” Key said, as he got up and slipped on his clothes and left the room.
Nita suddenly feared that Jesse followed them. She went in her bag and pulled out the gun she took from under his bed before she left. She put some clothes on, and then stood next to the bathroom, waiting to see who was at the door.
When Key opened the door, to his surprise, two white men were standing on his steps. “Can I help you?”
“I’m Detective O’Malley and this is my partner. We’re looking for a Lottie Lenox.”
“Why are you looking for him?”
“We got a warrant for his arrest.”
That soft ass nigga called the cops. “Can I get some shoes on first?”
O’Malley opened the screen door and walked in. “Go ahead.”
Nita heard a voice other than Jesse’s. She put the gun back in her bag, and then walked in the living room to find two white men accompanying Key. “What’s going on?”
“I got a warrant,” Key said. “I need you to go in the back and get my shoes.
“Is anybody else in here?” Gaylor asked.
“No, just me and her.” After putting his shoes on, Key told Nita to stay there until he called with instructions. O’Malley searched him then stuck him in the back seat, after he read him his rights. “You’ll find out your charges when we get to the Justice Center.”
Key was booked and searched when they arrived downtown. After finding out his charges were assault and home invasion, he used the phone to call Nita.
“Hello?” She answered.
“What up, baby girl? I only got a few minute, so listen up. I need you to grab my phone book off the dresser and call my mom to tell her what happen. Then find Nett’s number and tell her I might need money for a lawyer until I get out. My car and house keys are on the kitchen table. Watch my spot for me.”
“Ok baby. I’ll be down there tomorrow to see you, when visiting starts.”
Key ended the call feeling good about Nita. His nose turned up to the smell of the wino’s laying on the floor. He found a spot on the bench and thought about calling Dave and having him pay Jesse a visit. It wouldn’t look good on him if something happened to the snitch, so he crossed that out.
Key was arraigned the next morning. Because he wasn’t from Cincinnati, they gave him a fifty thousand dollar cash bond. He knew he could come up with the money but he refused to ask his uncle for it. They gave him a uniform and shipped him to dormitory called Queens Gate. As he walked to his bunk, carrying his bedding, the other inmates stared at him.
“What up cuz?” A tall dark skinned guy said.
Key was thrown off by all the golds and jewels in his mouth. He just nodded his head and kept moving. His bed was half made when the C/O call his name for a visit. He went down the four flights of steps to the visiting room to find Nita and his mom sitting behind the window. “What’s up?” Key asked, talking to his mother first.
“Boy, what you do?” Lisa asked.
“It’s a long story, mom I ain’t tryna get into it now. I do need you to find me a good lawyer, tho.”
“I ain’t got no money for a lawyer.”
“Don’t worry about the money. Just help Nita find a good one and find out how much he cost.”
“I’ll see what I can do.” Lisa passed the phone to Nita.
“Did you holla at Nett?”
“Yeah, she said let her know how much you need,” Nita said, wondering what kind of relationship him Nett has.
“Help my mom find a lawyer, and then let her know. She’ll wire the money to you.”
“Ok, baby. We brought you some under clothes and long johns. I also got a hundred dollar money order in my purse for you. I’ll drop it off in the mailbox after we leave.”
“What made you think of all this?”
“Jesse’s been down here a couple times. Plus I feel responsible for—”
“What I did was my choice, so don’t sweat it. What I need you to do is bring my check book down here, so I can pay my bills in advance, in case I do some time.”
“Ok baby, I’ll be down here Tuesday. Be careful in there.”
When his visit was over, Key sat on the bench waiting to be took upstairs, hoping everything worked out for him.
Three weeks after Key was locked up, people stared at the back of his head as he stood in front of the judge. His lawyer worked a deal with the prosecutor to drop the home invasion and plead no contest to the assault. He was guaranteed only three months county time.
The judge scanned over Key’s empty record, and then slid his bifocals up his nose, directing his piercing dark eyes on Key. “I see that your record is clean. Too bad it couldn’t stay that way. Since you plead no contest to the felonious assault, the prosecutor dropped the other charge. For the assault, you’ll do six months in Queens Gate with time served. Is there anything you want to say?”
“Only that this will be the last time you ever see me in your court room,” Key stated.
“I hope so, because next time, you’ll do no less than three years in prison.”
As Key was being ushered out by the bailiff, he caught a quick glance at his mother and Nita. He noticed Nita mouthing the words, “I’m going to take care of you.” In addition, he believed every word.
Ruby skipped up the short steps of the bus about to transport them back to Queens Gate. He walked to the seventh row and sat down. “I’m Ruby,” he said to Key, as he smiled, showing off a mouth full of gold and red ruby teeth. “We met on the basketball court a couple days ago.”
“Yeah, I remember. I’m Key.”
“What they do to you in court?”
“I got six months for felonious assault,” Key replied. “What about you?”
“My fag ass public pretender got me a year for theft by deception.” For the rest of the ride, Ruby ran his mouth, explaining how he stole money using bad checks. Key just sat there listening, with many things calculating in his mind.
Two days into his sentence, Key sat with Ruby at one of the hard metal tables in the dorm. “That’s a quarter, yo, write my money down. Don’t be over there pencil whipping me.”
Ruby slammed the double five domino on the metal surface. “Follow that wit five more, I ain’t got to cheat you to beat you.”
Key was playing the game, but his mind was on what Ruby was bragging about on the bus. “Yo, tell me more about that check shit.”
“What do you want to know?” Ruby asked.
“I took technology accounting and business in college. I know a lot about how the banking system works. Have you ever thought about making payroll checks?”
Ruby dropped his bones and leaned forward. “Why do that when you can open an account and use those checks.”
“Ain’t that why you’re in here?”
“You got a point there. Tell me some more.”
Key thought about it for a minute. “When I get out, I’ll check my computer for some things we would need. I know there’s some way we could make a lot of money.”
“I’m down with whatever will get me paid.” They switched information with the promise to hook up after their release.
Chapter 6
Nett pulled her Tahoe into Camden County Jail’s parking lot. Five minutes after she parked, Dave opened her passenger door and hopped in. “Did Nasti Nate get at you up in there?”
“You got me fucked up. A nigga would stick his self before he fucked with me.”
“Anyway, how longs it gonna take you to pay me back for the shit they took?”
“Damn, I can’t even breathe fresh air before you start sweating me. I ain’t been out five minutes yet.”
“It’s nothing personal,” Nett said; while pulling her S.U.V. form the lot. “I paid three stacks so you could do two months instead of two years. I’m just tryna get some of my money back.”
“You ought to have paid for my lawyer. It was your shit I was selling.”
“Just get rid of the rest and we’re even.”
“Naw yo. I got your little three stacks at the house and the rest of your dope. This is it for me, I’m headed for Cincinnati.”
Nett stopped at a red light and turned to face Dave. “Key’s locked up for a felonious assault charge. He got six months.”
“That’s what I’m talking about. I need to be up there watching my nigga’s back. I’ll merc one of those Cincinnati niggas!”
“That’s one of your problems, you can never sit tight. Key said, he a’ight, he had to handle some shit.” She parked in front of Dave’s mom house.  Now go get what’s mine.”
Dave ran in the crib and came back with a medium size grocery bag and handed it to Nett. “What up wit Kamil?”
“She getting that money for me,” Nett replied. She wrote down Key’s information for Dave. “Send him a couple money orders. I’ll tell Kamil you asked about her.”
“A’ight, I’ll do that.”
Nett drove around the corner to where Earn hustled. She pulled in front of him and parked. “Hey Earn, let me put a bug in your ear.”
Earn stood up and approached the money green truck. “What up, Nett?”
“Somebody told me you were back hustling. What’s the clientele like?”
“Good, but I need a new connect. It takes me too long to reup.”
Nett reached in the grocery bag and pulled out two ounces of coke. “Show me how fast you can get rid of this and we’ll talk about doing business.”
Earn stuffed the coke down the front of his pants. “A’ight Nett, I’ll holla at you later on  tonight.”
Before Nett drove home, she stopped at the corner store and grabbed a two hundred dollar money order for Key. At her house, she stashed the rest of the coke in a floor safe and laid the five stacks on her dresser.
Later that night Kamil’s soft hands were working wonders on Nett’s body. Everything Karmeeka use to do, Kamil took over. She was the one to pamper Nett when she wanted to be. Nett was interrupted by her cell phone. “Yes?”
“Yo Nett, come holla at me,” Earn said.
“Damn, that was quick. Give me ten minutes.” Nett hung up the phone. There’s always somebody to step in a flunkies shoes. She was about to get up, until Kamil slowly slid her tongue up her leg, causing chills to shoot through her body. Nett picked up the phone and dialed Earn’s number. “Hey Earn, make that thirty minutes.” She dropped the phone, opened her legs to their limit, and laid back on her king size bed. 
~~~~~
Key was glad it was all over. He walked out the Justice Center empty handed, after leaving everything to Ruby. He glanced towards Sycamore Street and found Nita leaning against his Honda. Two months into his sentence, she found a nice paying job as a nurse, so she took good care of him along with everybody else close to him. He walked over to her and pulled her into a tight embrace. His tongue went deep into her mouth as their lips met.
“Damn baby, what I do to deserve that?” Nita asked.
“For just being you.”
Nita handed him his keys, and then walked around to the passenger side. “I got something for you in the car.” She slid across the soft leather seat, grabbed a twisted blunt from the astray, and sparked it before she handed it to Key.
“I think you know me to well.”
“All I know is this is something you missed, besides me.”
Key inhaled the sweet smoke, and then pulled from the curb. They picked up two whiting fish dinners at Alabama’s Fish Market, before they headed home.
Brick sat on his front steps as Key pulled into the lot. He got up and headed over to his car. “What up yo? How they treat you in there?”
“I ain’t have any problems.” Key replied. “What up wit you?”
“I see you already high, but I got this coming home dro for you. How you feeling, Nita?”
“I’m doing fine.”
They all went in Key’s condo and sat in the living room. Brick rolled a blunt and sparked it. “I need to find a job quick. Mom’s keep getting on my nerves.”
“That reminds me,” Key said. “I need to find out if they kept my job at Xerox. If they did, I’ll try to get you on.”
“I still can’t believe that ho ass nigga called the cops. I should go see him about something.” Brick passed Key the blunt.
“Naw yo, leave that shit alone. He ain’t even worth it. Karma’s a motha.”
After Brick left, Key lead Nita into his room and made love to her. After six months of abstinence, his emotions easily spilled out, covering her satin dark skin. They pleased each other, catching up on months of anticipated passion.
Nita curled up in Key’s arms, thinking about her future with him. How many kids they would have and the big house they would buy. Her mind was wondering so much, she forgot about work. “Damn baby, what time is it?”
“Eleven thirty. Why?”
“I’m going to be late for work. I need you to take me.”
“I ain’t going anywhere. Go ahead and take the car. I’ll see you tonight.” After Nita took a shower and left for work, Key got up and checked his cell phone massages. The first was from Kim, who was cursing him for not calling after they went out six months ago. The next two was from TJ, asking if Key wanted to hoop on Tuesday. Key erased them and moved onto the last one, who was from Mimi, telling him to call her when he got a chance. Key thought about the last time he seen her. He erased the massage and then dialed her number.
“Hello,” Mimi Answered.
“What up, baby girl?”
“I know this ain’t my suppose to be my friend, who I haven’t heard from in  about, lets see, six or seven months. What happen to you?”
“I got locked up for beating some dude down.”
“Why didn’t you call me?” Mimi asked
 “I didn’t want to run your phone bill up.”
“Whatever boy, I ain’t trying to here that. And why you leave that day without telling me. I thought y’all were still passed out in the living room.”
Key thought about how he watched Jaden lick between Mini’s legs. “To keep it gutter, I caught a glimpse of you and Jaden doing y’all thing. I didn’t want to interrupt.”
“You could have joined us. If I didn’t have to work, I would invite you over now.”
“I would be tempted to come, but I fucks wit somebody now. She stay wit me and everything.”
“I know you ain’t going to mess with no tore up girl, so she can join in too.”
“I’ll keep that in mind,” Key said.
“Look, I’ll call you later, because I got to get ready for work. I want you to think about my offer.”
Key hung up the phone and leaned back on his couch. No man would ever turn down an offer like that. Nita better be worth it, he thought, knowing she was.
~~~~~
Ruby walked through his front door, relieved that the long year he spent in the county was done. The first thing he did was pick up the phone and dial Kim’s number.
“Hello,” she answered.
“Damn baby, why didn’t you come see me while I was down?”
“You don’t remember? You were on some straight bullshit before you got locked up. I had better things on my mind.”
“I was mad because I had to do time. I’m home now; let me make it up to you.”
Kim let down her guard and decided that she could relieve some tension after work. Some months back, she finally faced the fact that Key wasn’t thinking about her. “I’ll stop by after work, but this doesn’t mean I want to get back with you.”
“A’ight, I’ll leave the door open for you.” Ruby hung up the phone. I can’t wait to get them juicy lips wrapped around my dick. When he started going through his release, he came across Key’s phone number. What they discussed almost a year ago entered his mind. He snatched the phone up and dialed number.
(The number you are trying to reached has been changed. The new number—) Ruby thought he was in luck as he listened. (…is not listed.) “Fuck!” Ruby slammed the phone down. Fuck it; I’ll go back to what I know. He went to his closet and pulled out a box of bad checks, and then headed for his front door.
~~~~~
Six months on the line out and Key was finally back on his feet. His decision to officially let Nita move in with him made his life a lot easier. They even talked about buying a house together. After finding a nice job at Proctor & Gamble, things started to fall in place. He made decent money, but it wasn’t the type of money he was use too. 
Key lay across his bed thinking of a plan to get his money all the way right. The lack of friends in Cincinnati made it hard to come up with an idea. He got up, slipped on his hoping gear and drove to Fairview Park. On his approach to the black top basketball court, he instantly recognized a familiar face. “Yo my dude, can I run wit you?”
“I already got five, my nig,” Ruby said, as he turned his narrow six-foot five inch frame around and noticed Key. “Nah, fuck that.” He turned to one of the guys he already picked up. “Aye dude, I got to drop you, nothing personal.” He turned back to Key. “What’s up Key? I tried to call you, but your number was changed.”
“This chicken head name Kim kept ringing my phone. My old lady wasn’t feeling that, so I got it changed.”
“I feel that. So what you got going on?”
“Nothing at the moment, I’m trying to come up on something, tho.”
“I got just the thing. You remember what we talked about in Queens Gate. We can get that started.”
“I ain’t got no problem wit that. Let me get some information for you, then we can get that rolling. You might have to order some shit, tho.”
“For sho’.” Ruby pulled a wad of money out of his sweatpants pocket. “Just let me know what we need.”
Eleven pm that night, Key searched for hours on the internet for everything a business would need to design and print their own payroll checks. On his list was, a laser printer with compatible magnetic ink, a scanner, the check printing program, and all different colors of blank check paper. Everything came up to about fifteen hundred dollars. Key planned to use the laptop computer he had for years, so that was covered. He printed out the order forms for each product, before he finally laid down next to his future wife. 
Seven am the next morning, the first thing Key did after brushing his teeth, was dial Ruby’s number. 
Ruby stretched and yawned before her grabbed the receiver. “Hello?”
“Time to get up, yo. I got that information for you.”
Ruby glanced at his clock. He must be crazy. “You couldn’t wait until like one to call me.” He looked at Kim, who snored softly next to him. “I kind of had a long night.”
“Man, I know you want to get this money. We need to get this stuff order. It might take two weeks to get here.”
“A’ight, come on over. I live in Fairmount, on Denham Street, the yellow house two up from the park.”
Key hung up and took a quick shower before he got dressed. On his way to Ruby’s house, Mimi and her occupation popped in his head. He made a mental note to get with her. He parked behind Ruby’s car and knocked.
Ruby answered the door with a blunt hanging form his mouth. “Come in, my nig. You want to hit this?” He asked, offering Key his blunt.
“Nah, I’m cool.” Key glanced around the living room. He noticed the fifty inch Sony flat screen, with a twelve disc cd/dvd stereo system. Then he noticed how beat down the house was. The first thing the came to mind was, Ruby like to live outside his budget. That told Key a lot about his character.
“So, what do you got for me?” After he inhaled on the blunt and let the smoke drift out his nose.
Key pulled out a list and the order forms. “This is all we need to get started. Either we can send money orders with these order forms, or we can find somebody with a credit card. The credit card will be quicker.”
“I think my girl Kim has a card. I’ll get her to order it.”
“That’s cool,” Key said. Ruby wasn’t the type of person he would e friends with, so he got up to leave. “Call me when you got everything.”
“Stay and smoke something with me,” Ruby said.
“Nah, I got something to do. I do need to use your phone, tho. I might have an id connect.”
“That’s good thinking. It’s in the kitchen.”
Key picked up the phone and dialed Mimi’s number. Jaden’s sexy voice answered the phone on the third ring.
“Hello?”
“What up Jaden, where’s your girl?” Key asked.
“She gets off work around six.”
“When you talk to her, tell her I need to talk to her about some business.”
“Ok Key,” Jaden said. “Hey, what’s up with you and wifey, y’all still together?”
“Yeah. Why?”
“I was thinking, you could bring her over her so we can meet her.”
“Yeah, right. Tell Mimi I’ll call her later.” Key hung up the phone and walked in Ruby’s cloudy living room. “Yo, make sure you call me. If you use the card, it should only take a week to get here.”
“For sho. I’ll holla at you later.”
Key got in his car and drove out to the nursing home Nita worked at. He sat in the parking lot, waiting for her lunch break to start. Nita walked out the door and noticed Key leaning against his car. She left the side of one of her average looking coworkers, rushed over and hugged him.
“What are you doing here?”
“I thought I’d take my baby girl to lunch.”
“Your baby girl would like that. Let my tell my friends that I’ll catch them when I get back.”
Lounging in Penn Station, sniffing the familiar smell of Philly cheese steaks, Key brought up the idea of opening an urban clothing store. Being a nurse, he didn’t know that Nita would have much input to the idea.
“That sounds good,” Nita said. “We could sell labels like Sean John, Rocawear, Prada, and Pelle Pelle.”
“Pelle Pelle? People don’t wear that no more.”
“They do in Cincinnati.”
“Yeah well, we need to find out what type of legal stuff we need.”
“What about money. It’s hard for a black man to get a loan.” 
Key was itching to tell her about the money he was about to bring in through his new illegal plan, but he decided to keep her in the dark for the time being. “I know it’s hard, but with a good business plan, anything’s possible.”
“Well whatever happens, I’ll be there for you.” Nita leaned over the table and kissed him.
“You know, that’s why I love you. Why don’t you take Toy with you and look for a nice house.”
“Serious baby?”
“Yeah. I was thinking if we can get a loan, we could buy a house in the process of opening a store.”
“What would I do without you?” Nita asked.
“Be lost.” Key dropped her back off at work and went home. He waited until six-thirty pm, before he picked up the phone and dialed Mimi’s number.
“Hello?” Mimi answered.
“I hope you didn’t work hard today.”
“What’s up baby? Jaden said you needed to holla at me.”
“Yeah, I’m about to come over there.”
“I’ll be here. Hold on.” Mimi took the phone from her ear to hear what Jaden was saying. “Jaden said make sure you bring Nita with you. She said you know why.”
“Whatever, I’ll be there in a half.”
“All right, see you soon.”
“Key hung up the phone and grabbed his keys. After buying a box a blunts from The Bt gas station, he jumped I-seventy five, headed straight for Mimi’s house. Ten seven minutes later, he was pulling in her driveway next to Jaden’s Lexus. He knocked on the door and waited.
Jaden answered the door wearing firm fitting low-rise jeans and a white guess t-shirt. “Come in.” She turned around and walked back to her spot on the couch. “Mimi, Key’s here,” she shouted.
“That ass look tight in those apple bottoms,” Key stated.
“Don’t start nothing you won’t finish.”
Mimi entered the room with water dripping from her hair, onto the towel wrapped around her body. “I’ll be out in a minute.”
“You a’ight, we all adults.”
“You tryna have Nita kill all of us up in here.” She went in the back, put on some clothes and returned. “What’s up, Key?”
Key passed her the blunt him and Jaden started smoking after she left the room. “You want to make some money?”
“I’m always ready to make some money. What do you got in mind?”
“I need somebody to get me some Id’s. That’s the only—”
“So you thought since I work at the D.M.V., I could hook you up. Well, It’s possible, depending on the money. I mean, it got to be worth losing my job.”
“Trust me, it will be worth losing your job, but I plan to keep you safe.”
“I trust you Key, so you better not get me caught up in some bullshit,” Mimi stated. “All I need is a picture to load in the computer for the Id’s.”
“That will work. I’ll get back wit you when I got everything set up. I need to get home and get some sleep.”
“Ok Key, make sure you call me.”
~~~~~~~
Ruby had Kim use her credit card to order the list of stuff Key gave him. She knew he was up to no good, but knowing if he had money, she could get it, so she asked no questions.
Ruby was in his bedroom, straddled over Kim. His movements where mediocre, because his mind was focus on when his package would arrive. The anticipation of making real money was driving him crazy. He had one of Kim’s legs on his shoulder when he heard somebody knocking on his door.
“No, don’t stop.” Kim pleaded, as Ruby dropped her leg and rushed to the window. “Damn, I was just about to cum.”
When ruby saw a brown U.P.S. truck, he threw on his clothes and rushed from the room. There’s more important things then fucking you, he thought, referring to Kim’s wining.
“That’s the bullshit I’m talking about,” Kim shouted at his receding back.
Ruby snatched the front door open and got excited when he saw three small packages sitting at the man’s feet. “Where do I sign?” The man driver gave him the clipper board and after he signed, he jumped in his truck and pulled off.
Ruby carried the boxes into his living room. The first thing he did after setting them down was speed dial Key. He left a message on his machine, telling him that everything has arrived, and to come over as soon as possible. The daydream that entered his mind while he sat on his couch forecasted a lot of money and the things he planned to buy with it.
Kim interrupted his thoughts when she came down the steps, wearing one of Ruby’s long t-shirts. She sat next to him and placed her hand roughly between his legs. “You about to give me what I came over here for.”
Ruby shoved her hand away. “Chill out, Kim, I got some shit on my mind.”
“I don’t give a fuck what’s on your mind. You ain’t about to do me like that.” Kim forced his zipper down and scooped out his limp penis. “I know how to get him up.” Her lips slid down his shaft, until the head touched her tonsils. She caressed, massaged, and sucked him to a solid form. When she achieved her goal, Kim stood up, centered him between her legs, and then squatted down on his lap. Her hips moved counter clockwise, as the muscles in her vagina tightened. She made sure his head touched all her spots within, bringing her to a quick orgasm. The griminess inside her showed, when she lifted up and let her fluids drip from her hole, down his penis, and all over the top of his jeans.
“Fuck, Kim!” Ruby exclaimed. “I told you to stop doing that!”
“Now you can get back to what’s on your mind.” She pulled down her shirt and returned upstairs.
Ruby refused to let the small interruption stop his daydreaming. He leaned back, thinking of what kind of twenty-inch rims he wanted to put on the Lexus he planned to buy.
~~~~~
Key got off work and checked his messages. The one from Ruby had his mind working in overtime. The first thing he needed was a recruiter. Somebody to hit the streets and find drug addicts to cash the checks. Something about TJ told him that he could be discreet. All Key had to do was get him to be down. He packed up his laptop and jumped in his Honda, headed for Bondhill. Key never got into something that was unorganized, so he planned to have the right people around him, doing their part to make things flow smoothly. He pulled down Yorktown Ct. and parked next to TJ’s car. The way it leaned and the dirt accumulating behind his tires, told Key that the car haven’t moved in a while. He got out his car and ran up the couple of flights of steps, hoping somebody was home.
Broke and down on his luck, TJ sat on the couch in his dark living room, just about to give up on life. After his car broke down, his luck changed for the worst. He lost his job when he was caught stealing stereo equipment. Then his electric was cut off after he couldn’t afford to pay the bill. Now he had five days to come up with the rent money or he definitely would lose the roof over his head. Knowing nobody would help him; he was irritated when somebody knocked on hid door. He took his time to rise from the couch and open the door.
“What up, yo?” Key asked. “What up wit your car?”
TJ invited Key in before he returned to his couch. “Man, fuck that car. If I don’t come up on some rent soon, I’ll be homeless.”
“I got perfect timing. Turn the lights on, so I can roll this blunt real quick.”
“My electric got cut off. I don’t really feel like smoking, anyway.”
“Check this out. I got something that will put you back. I need you to recruit some fiends and take them to the stores.”
“For what, so they can boost?” TJ asked. At the moment, he would do just about anything to make some money.
“Nah yo, so they can cash their payroll checks,” Key explained. “You got to make sure you pick them randomly. We don’t want them to know who you are.”
“Let me get this straight. You want me to find some fiends drive them to around to cash their checks. Where  are the checks coming from?”
“Don’t worry about that right now. Just know that you’re about to be paid. You need to get your car fixed, tho. What’s wrong with it, besides the couple of flat tires?”
“it needs a new water pump.”
Key handed him three hundred dollars. “Make sure you get that shit fixed. A-sap. You’ll make more then enough to pay your bills.”
“This must be real. I’m glad I opened the door.” TJ stashed the money in his pocket. “Good looking out.”
“Do you got a camera?”
“Yeah. Why?”
“Take a picture of the fiend, so I can get an id made.” Key set a small bag kine bud on the table, and then got up. “I’ll holla at you tomorrow.”
“A’ight Key, I’m a take care of this.”
Key jumped in his Honda and drove straight to Ruby’s house. He was taking a chance by handing TJ three hundred dollars, but his uncle always told him, that you had to spend money to make it. It was when he pulled behind Ruby’s car, he decided that the house wasn’t safe enough to keep shop set up there. The front door was wide open, with music blasting. Key could hear the chatter of a couple girls, as he approached the door.
Ruby’s neighbor and sometimes sex partner, was sitting on his crush leather couch, smoking a blunt with her friend, Reece. She glanced up through the cloud of smoking drifting from her nose, and noticed Key standing in the open door. She used the stereo remote to turn the volume down. “Damn you fine. What’s your name?”
“Key. Where’s Ruby?”
“He’ll be back, so you can come over here and chill with me until then.” She held her blunt out to him. “You want to hit this?”
“I’m good,” Key replied.
When Ruby made his entrance, he grabbed the blunt out of Kitta’s hand, right before she was about to puff. “Damn nig, I was just about to call to see why you haven’t got back with me yet.”
“I’m here now.” Key’s head leaned toward the girls.
“Oh yeah, Kitta, you and your friend got to go. We something to take care of.”
“Whatever, Ruby.” One her way pass Key, her hand gazed his chest. “I live in the blue house across the street.”
“I’ll keep that in mind.” Key followed Ruby down to the basement, where the equipment was stored. He laid his laptop on a box and started to hook up everything they ordered.
“Man, I hope this shit works,” Ruby said.
Key ignored him and continued to design the first check, using the account numbers found at the bottom of the payroll check from his job. When the process of making an exact copy was done, he printed one out. “The micro toner you order should help the machine scan the numbers at the bottom.” He handed it to Ruby.
“Damn, this look just like a real check. Print a couple in my name, so I can go see if they go through.”
“Nah yo, we’re going to use dope fiends to cash them. I got an id connect and everything. All you need to do is find a few and drive them to the stores.” Key was good at getting people to do the labor, while he sat back and collected.
“That’s sweet,” Ruby stated. “When we starting?”
“As soon as you find some fiends. It’s three hundred apiece for each id, but we can pay them after we hit our licks.”
“Damn, three hundred! Why can’t they use their own name?”
“You got to think about the things you say. I ain’t tryna have shit come back on me. Let’s do this my way, that way we don’t get caught.” Key knew from the start, that he would probably have problems with Ruby, because he moved before he thought, and he liked to talk too much. 
Key turned the computer off and stood up. “I’m going to leave this here, so I can come by tomorrow and print some. I got somebody to try the first one.” 
“A’ight Key, I’ll see you tomorrow then.”
Key reached behind his laptop and pulled out the memory card. He didn’t want Ruby or anybody else messing with the program. He went up the steps and exited the house. 
Chapter 7
The trial run went as planned. TJ drove his fiend to a Kroger grocery store to cash the check. The fiend walked out with three hundred and forty-two dollars. He got in TJ’s car and handed him the money.
“That shit was slick. When can we do some more? Because I need—” 
“Calm down, my dude,” TJ said, as he handed him a hundred dollar bill. “Let me holla at my white boy and let him know shit went good. I’ll have plenty more for you on Friday.”
“Ok, cuz.”
Key sat on the hood of his car in Mt. Erie Park, waiting for TJ to show up with good news. He pulled a blunt from behind his ear and sparked it, as TJ parked his car behind his. “Yo, by the sound of your voice on the phone, I know shit went straight.”
TJ grabbed the remaining two hundred and forty dollars from his pocket and tried to hand it to Key. “The easiest money you could ever make.”
“Nah, that’s you. Take care of your business at home. Find a couple more fiends and do the same process. The sooner you get the pictures to me, the sooner we can get started.”
“I’m about to go searching now, after you let me hit that blunt,” TJ said.
Key inhaled one more time before he passed TJ the blunt. “You can kill that. I’ll stop by tonight to holla at you.”
“A’ight.” TJ pounded Key’s fist, and then headed back to his car.
Key left the park and headed for Mimi’s house. He pulled in her driveway, next to Jaden’s Lexus. She was sitting on the front steps, smoking a cigarette. “What you doing smoking them cancer sticks?”
“Mind your business,” Jaden replied.
“Where’s Mimi?”
“She in our bedroom. Go ahead back.”
Key entered the house and made his way to the room he witness them in action. He walked in the room and wasn’t shocked by the scene before him. Mimi was laid on her stomach across her bed, facing the wall. While she chatted on the phone, Key traced her backside, from the arch of her back, to the camel toe between her slightly parted legs. It was hard for him to divert his eyes, because of the red sheer panties she only wore. He walked over and sat on the edge of the bed.
Mimi glanced back to see Key next to her. She wrapped up her call, and then turned her attention to him. “What’s up baby?” She sat up, giving Key a nice view of her stuff nipples, under the sleeveless white t-shirt she had on.
“Why do I got to be tempted every time I come over here?”
“We like to be comfortable in our house,” Mimi replied. “Nobody comes over here but you. One day you might give in to that temptation.”
“Anyway, I came over to let you know everything’s ready. I’ll drop off some pictures tomorrow. Once they handle their business, I’ll bring you your money.”
“I’m with this, but you better not play me.”
“Come on Mimi, you know I ain’t even like that. Besides, why would somebody mess up a connect like this?”
“You right, my bad.” Mimi opened her legs to entice Key. Her voice went from normal to seductive. “On another note, how are you going to keep turning this down?”
Key reached between her legs and caressed her. He slipped her panties to the side, to gain access to her warm inviting box. Mimi opened her legs wider to receive the full sensation of his rhythmic fingers. The moment she thought he was going to continue forward, he slid his fingers out, and then slid them across his tongue. “Damn girl, I always knew you would taste that good.” He stood up and headed for her door. “Be looking for me tomorrow.”
“Why you tease me like that, punk,” Mimi shouted. The book she tossed at his receding back bounced off the wall next to the door.
When Key left the house, Jaden was still sitting on the front steps. He bent down to kiss her, making sure his tongue slid across her lips.
“What was that for?” Jaden asked, before she realized there was a familiar taste o her lip. “You a freak, Key.”
“I know.” Was all Key said. He jumped in his car and pulled down the street.
~~~~~
Ruby already had his fiends on call. He also had enough copies of payroll checks, so Key could use the account numbers on the bottom. Sitting in his living room, smoking a blunt with Kitta, he decided to call Key. He picked up his phone and dialed the right seven digits.
“Yo, who this?” Key answered
“Couldn’t you wait until I left, to get on the pho—”
Ruby silenced Kitta with a hand over her mouth. “It’s Ruby. I got everything set on my part. I even got some of them extra things for you.”
Kitta hated being ignored. She fumbled with Ruby’s zipper, trying to get some attention. Her hand had a solid grip around his penis, before her soft lips slid down it. She pleased him with a slow bob, using her tongue to guide him in and out of her mouth.
Ruby placed his hand on top of her head, as he started to enjoy her mouth. “Like I said, Key, I’m ready to get this money. Damn girl, watch your teeth!”
“Yo, I know you ain’t doing what I think you’re doing,” key said. “You know something, I don’t even want to know. I’ll be over there later tonight.”
“A’ight, my nig.” Ruby ended the call, reclined, and enjoyed Kitta’s special deep throat.
~~~~~
Before making his trip to Ruby’s house, Key made a detour in the direction of TJ’s apartment. Upon approach, he noticed that TJ’s electric was back on. The rancid smell of the buildings hallway filled his nostros, as he ran up the steps, and knocked on the right door.
A blunt was hanging from TJ’s mouth when he opened his door. “What up tho? I was just about to call you.” He invited Key in.
Key was surprised to see Toy sitting of the couch. “What up, Toy.”
“I forgot to tell you that I ran into her at the mall the other day,” TJ said. “She hit me, because I haven’t been calling her.”
“Well, I ain’t going to stay long. I just came for those things.” While TJ was out of the room, Key sat in the chair across from Toy. His left eyebrow rose, as he stared at her. “So, what up with you and TJ?”
“Mind your business, Key,” Toy replied. “Tell my cousin to call me.”
“A’ight, I just think he’s a good person for you. Don’t be playing him.”
“Whatever.”
TJ rejoined them and handed Key a bunch of pictures. “I found four. They ready when you are.”
“A’ight yo, I’ll drop them to you as soon as possible.” Key stood up to leave. “Y’all have fun.” He left the apartment thinking, if he were TJ, he would lock Toy in. His Honda raced through traffic, headed for Ruby’s house. Key was surprise to pull up and not see a party going on at his house. When he knocked, the door was answered by the girl he seen the other day.
Kitta looked up at Key’s six-foot plus frame. She placed a hand on his chest when he tried to walk in. “Sorry Key, but were a little busy right now. Why don’t you come back in an hour.”
Key pushed her hand off him and moved her one hundred and twenty pounds aside. “Don’t touch me.” He sat on the couch and pulled out some weed. While he was rolling his blunt, he glanced up at her. “Why don’t you got tell Ruby I’m here.”
Kitta sucked on her teeth and slammed the front door. She returned upstairs, where Ruby was laying across his bed, snoring. “Ruby! Get up and see what your rude ass friend want.”
“Who is it?” 
“It’s Key. You need to get rid of him.”
Ruby instantly sat up. “Go tell him I’ll be down in a minute.”
“He all right. He walked in and made his self at home, anyway.” Kitta slid her hand down Ruby’s boxers and wrapped her hand around his penis. “I’m trying to get some more of this.”
Ruby snatched her hand from his undergarments. “Stop playing! I don’t have time for that bullshit right now. Why don’t you get dress and dip.”
“Fuck you, Ruby, you can’t fuck no way.” Kitta gathered her clothes and darted toward the door. “You need to wash your dirt ass dick, lame ass nigga.” She rushed out the room and down the steps. On her way through the living room, she stopped and stared at Key. “You know somethin’, fuck you too.”
Key watched her receding back with a confused expression. What the fuck is her problem? He thought.
Ruby entered the room, finding Key lounging on his couch, smoking a blunt. “Come on downstairs, so we can get this started.”
“Yo, word of advice, like I told my dude in PA, you need to leave those scandalous ho’s alone. They’ll get you caught up.”
“I know my nig, but she got me hooked with that head piece,” Ruby explained. 
“I feel you.” Key sat behind his computer and booted it up. An hour later, he had one hundred and forty checks printed out. Twenty apiece for the three people Ruby came up with and the same for TJ four. 
“Why did you make them for a small amount? Three sixty might not be enough for all of us to split.”
“Think about it. The stores don’t like to cash big checks. I only want one twenty-five from each one. Depending on how much you want to give your fiends, you’ll still be paid. If you only take one twenty-five, you’ll make seventy five hundred. You want to keep you fiends happy, so they’ll keep wanting to do it.”
 The whole time Key was talking, Ruby ignored him. He was too busy calculating what he needed to do to get over. If I give the fiends fifty off each one that leaves me with one eight-five. Times that by sixty, I’ll make eleven thousand, one hundred. “Yeah, I’m cool with that. I’m ready to go now.”
“Nah yo, you can’t do nothing without the id’s. I’ll have them tomorrow morning. You can roll when I get here. I need nine hundred for the id’s when you’re finished. I have to drop these pictures off.” He shut down his computer and this time, packed it up. 
“I got you. You want to hit the Golden Nugget to get a drink.”
“I got too much running around to do. Be looking out for me early tomorrow morning.” Key left Ruby’s and drove out to Mimi’s house to drop the pictures off. After leaving there, he finally drove home to relax. He found Nita sitting in the living room. The smell of nail polish entered his nose, as he walked up the three steps in his condo.. He sat next to her and grabbed the polish from her hand. “Let me do this for you.”
“What got into you today?” Nita asked.
“Nothing. When a man loves a woman, he does anything for her,” Key stated.
When he finished painting her toes, Nita realized that they looked better than when she did them. She stared at him in admiration. He never stops to amaze me. She never knew a man could be so kind. Nita stood up and grabbed his hand. The tone of her voice was light and seductive. “Come on, baby, let me show you what a woman does when she’s deeply in love with a man.” She escorted Key to their room and laid him across the bed. After she stepped back and gave him a little strip tease, Key welcome her into hi open arms. Their love making was so passionate, that what he did with Mimi was totally erased from his mind.
~~~~~
Dave sat in his new apartment counting the money he had left over from the robbery he did a year ago. He wasn’t a big spender, but he felt his savings were getting low. The first thing he did when he finished, was Dial Nett’s number.
“Hello?” Karmeeka answered
“What up, yo? Let me holla at Nett.”
Karmeeka answered the phone so much, she could recognized anybody’s voice. “Hi Dave, hold on.”
It took seven minutes for Nett to finally pick up the phone. Dave would usually hang up, but he needed something from her. She didn’t it to find out her desperate customers were. “Yeah Dave, what’s up?”
“Damn! I was about to hang up.”
“Your still here tho, so what’s the deal?”
“Whatever, yo. I need to holla at you about something. Can I stop by?”
“I’ll be here all day.”
“A’ight.” He set his phone on the hook and got ready to leave. His plan was to buy a little coke form Nett and flip his money, or find another big lick like the last one he hit. Dave put ten thousand from his stash, in a small bag, and then drove across town to Nett’s house. He door was answered by Kamil, his favorite girl.
“Hi Dave. Why haven’t you been to see me lately?” Her face had a disappointing look.
“Since you became Nett’s top player, your stuff became to rich for me.”
“You can’t forget, you’re the one who put in a good word for me,” Kamil said. “You’ll always have a discount.”
“I’ll keep that in mind. Let me holla at Nett real quick, we’ll talk about that later.”
Kamil escorted Dave to the back room. She slapped him on the ass before she left them alone. “Don’t forget about me.”
“Dave walked in Nett’s room and sat in a chair next to the bed. “Yo, I need to copp some weight.”
“What? I thought you were through,” Nett said. What happen?”
“I need to get this money. My banks getting short.”
“You need to come back and hustle for me. You know you could get your money up quicker.”
“Nah, yo. I ain’t tryna hustle for nobody but myself. I only need a half for ten.”
“A’ight then. Leave the money on my dresser, then you can pick it up from Earn.”
“Why I got to deal wit him?”
“Because, I don’t handle anything anymore. He deals wit that part of my business. It could have been you but yo—”
“Whatever, Nett.” He put ten thousand on the dresser, and then headed for the exit. “Make sure you call him,” he shouted over his shoulder.
~~~~~
On Friday afternoon, Key waited patiently in his condo for good or bad news. He hasn’t heard from Ruby or TJ, after he gave them everything they needed to make thing work. At that point, all Key could think of was, if everything was good or are they locked up. A chill ran down his spine when the phone rang. “Hello?” He answered hesitantly.
“You won’t believe this shit,” TJ said.
“Damn! What happen?”
“Nothing. We did all of them. They want to do some more.”
“That’s what’s up. How many y’all need?”
“About ten apiece.”
“A’ight. Meet me at your crib in an hour.” Key hung up the phone and grabbed his keys. He was glad he talked Ruby into giving him a spare set to his house, incase he had to make some more while he was gone. He made it to Ruby’s house in record time. With everything already set up, it took him a little under forty-five minutes to print out forty checks and arrive at TJ’s apartment. He parked his Honda and up the steps to find the door already open. “Yo, I’m here,” he shouted.
When TJ came out the back room, Key handed him four envelopes. He received them before he handed Key two envelopes full of money. “That’s ten stacks. If we do these, I’ll have another five for you. They going through so sweep, nothing should go wrong.”
Key thought about where TJ stashed his fiends. “Where you park your car? I didn’t see it.”
“Around on Rhode Island. I don’t want them knowing where I live.”
“That’s good shit. You think about safety first.” Key stuffed the money in his pocket, and then got ready to leave. “Call me when you’re done.” Back in his car, Key dialed Ruby’s number on his cell.
“What’s up?”
“You,” Key replied. “What’s the deal?”
“Were on the last one now. Matter fact, here she come. I now she cashed it, because every time they come out, there’s a big smile on their face.”
“That’s good,” Key said. “Look yo, after you drop your people off, meet me at you crib.”
“A’ight, I’ll be there in an hour.” Ruby ignored the pleads from his fiends. The little fifty dollars he gave them only added up to a thousand dollars. They were hungry for more. Ruby was satisfied with the eleven thousand he made for the day. The only thing on his mind was, where he would spend it all.
When Key got off the phone with Ruby, he dialed Nita’s work number. He waited while the reception paged her.
“Hello,” she answered.
“What up, boo?”
An instant smile spread across Nita’s face. “Hey baby, I was just thinking about you.”
“I can imagine what was on your mind.”
“Get you mind out the gutter,” Nita said. “Are we going out tonight?”
“That’s why I called. I want you to throw on something nice, so I can take you to Jillian’s”
“Ok, I’ll see yo later. I need to get back to work. I love you.”
“You too.” After picking up his money from Ruby, key drove out to Mimi’s house so he could pay her. The front door was locked, so he rang the doorbell.
Jaden answered the door holding a half-pound of kine bud. “Boy, I thought you were my sister, coming to pick up this weed.”
“I didn’t know you sold kine. When you start this?”
“I flip about three pounds a week. How you think I paid for that car out front.”
“I wish I would have known. Now I can copp from you.”
“Just let me know when you need something.” Jaden sat down with her weed and propped her feet up. “Mimi back there asleep, go wake her up.”
When Key got entered Mimi’s room, he found her laying on top of he bedding, wearing her customary translucent panties and matching bra. He sat on the edge of her bed and softly smacked her rear.
“Man, what the hell!” Mimi’s voice was groggily and grumpy. He demeanor changed when she rolled over to find key next to her. “My bad, key. What you doing here?”
Key pulled fifteen hundred from her pocket and handed it to her. “Here’s a little something to wake you up.”
Mimi accepted the money and started counting it. “Thank you baby, now I can buy me something nice.”  
“Look here. Is there a book at your job that they order their equipment from?”
“Yeah, there’s a thick black catalog in the back. Why?”
“I was thinking if we get the right hardware, we could set it up here, making it easier for you.”
“I should be able to get it.”
“That’s cool. I’m trying to building something sweet, so I need you to meet somebody. Meet me at Willie’s Sports Bar on Sunday, around eleven.”
“Ok, boo, I’ll try to get that book when I go to work tomorrow,” Mimi promised. “Are you staying for a while?”
“Nah, I got something to do. I’ll see you Sunday, tho.” Key kissed her cheek, and then left the room.
Jaden was still in the living room, breaking down a block of weed. “Hold on Key, I want you to try some of this new bud I just got.”
“Damn yo, you sound just like my boy back in Camden.” Key stuffed the baggie of weed he was offered, in his pocket, and kissed her forehead before he left.
~~~~~
Ruby grunted, pulled out and ejaculated all over Kitta’s stomach and chest. He sighed, as he rolled onto his back. “Fuck, girl, that shit was wet.” He jumped up and pushed stop on the camcorder that was on a tripod by his closet.
“Why you always got to nut on me, instead of in me?” Kitta complained. “I hate cleaning this stuff off.” She was agitated with the wet rag she was using, because it did nothing but roll the sticky fluid into little balls.
“We both know the answer to that.” After he picked up his ringing phone, he placed his fingers to her Kitta’s lips. “What’s up, baby?”
“Don’t what’s up baby me,” Kim replied, on the other line. “Why haven’t I seen you?”
“I been busy getting’ this money. I know you don’t want a broke man.”
“You always use that shit, Ruby. When are you going to come up wit a new line?”
“I’m for real, Kim. Come over later, I got something for you.”
“I guess I need to relieve some tension, anyway.”
“I got just the thing for that,” Ruby said.
“I bet you do. I’ll be by there in the morning, after I get off work.”
“I got to meet Key, but I’ll be right back. I’ll leave the door open for you.”
Recognition of the name he just said entered her mind. “I knew a guy name Key, who use to work with me at Xerox. I wonder what happen to him? Anyway, I’ll se you in the morning.”
“Why you always catering to that tramp?!” Kitta lashed out, after he got off the phone. “She ain’t nobody special, that you got to be shushing me when she call.”
“Why don’t you shut the fuck up sometimes. You need to find somewhere to go, because I got shit to do.”
Kitta looked over at Key in disgust. Don’t worry about it, I’ll get mine. She hopped off the bed and got dress. She didn’t look back as she stormed from the room.
Once Kitta nagging personality was gone, Ruby retired to his living to sip on a glass of vodka. He was satisfied with the eleven thousand he made, but it killed him to give Key all that money. Ruby planned to watch Key every time he made the checks, so he could cut out the middle man. His mind was telling him to go downstairs and practice, but the vodka wouldn’t let him leave the couch. He fell into a drunken sleep, with money on his mind.
~~~~~
Around eight thirty, key pulled his Honda into Jillian’s parking lot. The valet opened the passenger door, to let Nita out. The walked hand and hand into the five-star restraint. Once they were seated, and their food was order, Key brought up the subject of the house they talked about buying together. “Have you found something nice?”
“I haven’t been looking,” Nita replied. “I was going to wait until we could afford one.”
“We can afford it.” Key plucked an envelope from his pocket and slid it across the table.
“What’s this?” Nita opened it and flipped through the large bills. She closed the envelope and stared at Key. “Where’d this come from?”
“Don’t worry about that. I want you to take a thousand and get you something nice, and then deposit the other nine in your account. That will be a down payment on a house.”
Key never gave Nita a reason not to trust him, so she kept her question to herself, hoping her choice wouldn’t come back to hunt her. “What part of town do you want to live?”
“Somewhere out the way, as long as it got a pool.”
“Ok.” Nita picked up her glass and took a sip. Her eyes never left his, as she wondered what he was thinking, and where the money came from.
“Oh yeah. I got something else for you.” Key pulled out a I-phone pocket Computer from his coat. “This little thing has a built in camera, it’s a phone, and you can surf the web. You can use this to take pictures of the houses you check out and send them to me.” What he didn’t tell her, he had a G.P.S. tracking installed in it, so he’ll always know where she was.
“Thank you, baby.” Nita slipped the money and computer in her purse. “Do you got anymore surprises for me?”
“Yeah, but you got to wait til we get to the Marriot, where I got reservations.” They ate their food when it arrived, then Key took her back to the hotel, where they made love until they heard birds chirping at the window.
Chapter 8
Sunday afternoon, Mimi sat with her back to the wall, so she could scan the faces of the occupants in Willies Sports Bar. As her eyes roamed the room, they focused on a guy, who caught her attention. She turned her nose up and diverted her eyes. I hope he don’t come over her with some lame ass game, I ain’t got time for the bullshit. To discourage the man, she got up and sat with her back to him.
When Key entered the sports bar carrying a plastic bag, he instantly recognized the back of Mimi’s head. He approached her and tapped her shoulder.
“I thought I let it be known that I don’t want to be bothered,” Mimi said, as she swiveled in his chair. “My bad, baby. I thought you was dude across the room, staring at me.”
Key glanced over his shoulder and noticed TJ sitting alone. “You talking about dude over there?”
“Yeah, that’s him.”
Key got his attention and signaled for him to join them. “Let’s see what he got to say.”
“No Key, you play to much.”
TJ approached the table and shook Key’s hand. “What up tho?”
“What’s the deal?” Key replied. “Mimi, this is TJ, the one I wanted you to meet.”
Mimi stood up and shook TJ’s hand. “My bad for the look I gave you earlier. I thought you were some random dude trying to holla.”
“I guess somebody’s conceited,” TJ joked.
“If you looked as good as me, you would too.”
“Anyway, lets get to why were here,” Key interjected. They sat at the table and listened to Key’s plan. “I’m trying to put together some shit that will be safe and put money in our pocket. I want y’all to meet, because I want an understanding that if we all do our part, this shit should work. Did you get that book, Mimi?”
 “Yep.” Mimi reached in her large dark blue Coach bag and pulled out a thick black book. “I found what we needed and already ordered it. Its on page seventy-two.”
“That’s what I mean about everybody doing their part.” Key found the right page and showed TJ what she ordered. “We’ll have this for the ids. All you got to do is snap a picture and email them to her. I’ll teach her how to find names and social security numbers on the Internet. She’ll drop off the ids and the checks in a mailbox we’ll rent. Then email you when it’s there.”
“What am I going to email her with? I ain’t got a computer.” TJ said.
“Damn, my bad.” Key grabbed the bag he brought and pulled out two of the same pocket computers he gave Nita. “These are equip with a camera, email, and the internet.” He failed to tell them they had G.P.S. tracking too. Incase your being followed; I don’t want you to meet in public. That we’ll help keep us all safe.”
“You on some ol’ high tech shit, but I’m wit it,” TJ said.
“I need you to find some more drivers. They’ll only deal wit you; so make sure you can trust them. You find enough good ones; you wont have to drive no more. Just sit back and collect.”
“I like how that sound. I know a couple people who’ll be down. I get back to you on that.”
“I’ll only deal wit y’all two, so I don’t want to meet nobody new. When you talk to your people, TJ, give them a hint that you deal wit a white boy from deep in Kentucky somewhere.”
“A’ight Key, I got you.”
“Were going to do one more run before we get the hardware. Use the same fiends from last time.” Key grabbed his bag and stood up from the table. “I got to make a couple stops before I go home. Y’all can stay and get more acquainted.”
“So Mimi, where’s your man?” TJ asked.
Mimi laughed at his dry attempt to run game. “I’m only going to tell you this once, so let it marinate. I like pussy, just like you.”
“Damn, why all the bad broads like girls?”
“Because, a girl knows what a girl wants.” Mimi slid out her chair and slid her Coach bag on her shoulder. “I’ll holla at you when we start.” She turned on her heals and walked out the bar.
TJ shook his head, as he watched her ass jiggle in the loose fitting Apple Bottom jeans she wore. Ho could something so fine mess with girls.
~~~~~
Hot water bounced off his shoulders, as suds slid down his chest. After Ruby rinsed the rest of the soap from his body and attempted to turn the water off the shower. His hand was blocked by an uninvited intruder.
“I know you ain’t finish before I got a chance to join you,” Kim said.
“Come on Kim, you already drained me. I ain’t got anything left.”
Kim stepped under the massaging spray and pulled him against her c-cups. “There’s always something left for what I got to offer.” She ran her tongue down his chest, stopping at his bellybutton, and sucked the water from it. Her rear relaxed on the back of her heals, as the steady spray hit her head and back. Kim closed her swollen lips around her target. She stroked with her left hand, while her mouth went to work. Ruby was captivated from the pleasure she gave. When she noticed his legs tightening, she let him loose and held his throbbing penis in her hand.
“What the hell you stop for?”
“Remember you said you had something for me?”
“We can talk about that later.”
“You know my car is about to break down.” She took him back in her mouth, and then let go again. “I wouldn’t mind getting a new one.” She continued again, stopping right before he got to that point. “What do you think about that?”
“Ok, ok, just don’t stop again,” Ruby, exclaimed.
Receiving the answer she was looking for, Kim closed her lips around him again, working her magic, until he was about to burst. When that point came, she let loose and used her hand to milk him. His sperm smacked her chest and slid between her breasts. She stood up, washed the fluids off her body, and then stepped out the shower.
Ruby placed his palms on the front tiles, as the water sprayed the top of his head. Reality hit after Kim was gone. Why the hell I promise that girl a car? He knew if he reneged on the promise, she would do something drastic. Ruby concluded that he would buy her a nice used car, just to keep her satisfied. Out of all the girls he dealt with, he knew that she would always be there for him. 
Rudy was on his way out the shower when his doorbell rang. “Baby, get the door,” he shouted.
“I’m not dress, you get it.”
Damn, she’s good for nothing. Ruby put some clothes on before he went down to answer the door. Key was waiting on his front porch. “What up my nig?”
“Chillin’. You got that for me?”
“Hold on.” Ruby ran back upstairs and grabbed Key’s money from his dresser drawer, and then returned to his living room.
Curious of what Ruby was up to and who was at the door, Kim wrapped her thick black skin in one of his robes. She crept down the carpeted steps and peep around the bend. The first thing she noticed was, that Ruby’s friend was the same Key she knew from work. She watched her man hand Key a wad of green bills.
Ruby sat across from Key and set his feet up. “I wanted to holla at you about something.”
“What’s on your mind, bruh?”
“I’m going to do my own thing,” Ruby said. “I learned how to do everything myself. I need to buy a computer, tho.”
Little did Ruby know, his words were music to Key’s ears. “I’m proud of you. Before you buy a new one, buy mine. You can give me seven hundred for it.”
“Shit, I got that right now.” Ruby went to his stash spot in the freezer and counted out the right amount of money. He handed it to Key then sat back down. “You can use it when you want to.”
“I’m cool. You do you.” Just a couple days ago, Key ordered everything he would need to continue his business, even a new computer. “I’m a get at you tho, I got some shit to take care of.”
“A’ight Key.” Ruby let him out and locked the door. He returned upstairs to find Kim laying across the bed waiting for him.
“Who was that?”
“Don’t worry about it.” He walked over to his closet and pushed record on his camcorder, ready to add another scene to his collection.
~~~~~
On a Thursday afternoon, Key cruised down Montgomery Road. At the next light, he noticed the cleanest pearl white BMW M6, sitting in a used car dealers lot. He made a quick detour and parked next to it. As he checked out the car, a tall white man approached him.
“She’s a beauty, ain’t she?”
“How much is she going for?” Key asked.
“About sixty-five thousand, give or take. If you want to trade in that Honda, I’ll take off six thousand.”
“Nah, that’s my baby. “I’ll be back to pick this up, tho.”
“I advise you to make it quick, because a customer came by yesterday and said the same thing.”
“Well, if its not here, I missed out then.” He knew the man was using a ghost to sell the car.  He got in his car and pulled off, made a couple rights and parked in front of TJ’s apartment, next to a new sky blue Cadillac Deville and TJ’s beat up car. He jogged up the steps and knocked.
TJ opened the door, looking like a new man. A gold ling hung from his neck, with a dog tag embedded with white diamonds. He didn’t look like the TJ Key talked to a couple weeks ago. “What up Kid? Come in.”
“I see you shining. What did you pay for that link?”
“With the money were making, does it matter?” It was more of a statement than a question. He left the room and came back holding a thick manila envelope. He gave it to Key, then sat on his new couch and propped his feet up. “Did Mimi get that hardware yet?”
“Yeah.” Key counted six thousand from the envelope and handed it to TJ. “I need you to find six new fiends and open accounts six accounts at various banks. Get wit Mimi about the ids. We about to try some new shit I been working on.”
“A’ight, I’ll handle it.”
“Another thing, chill out on the flashy shit, until we make enough money to set us up. I know it’s hard, but you don’t want anybody knowing that you got money. Make them think you’re a bum, a’ight.”
“I feel you,” TJ replied.
Key left TJ’s place and drove the short distance to his mother’s apartment. Before he entered the building, his phone rang. “What up?”
“Hi boo,” Nita said. “When are you coming home?”
“I’m at my mom’s now. I’ll be there when I leave here. Why?”
“I found a nice house and I want to go check it out. The realtor wants to meet us there in an hour.”
“I ain’t going to make it. Just take some pictures and send them to my I-phone.”
Nita was disappointed, but she didn’t argue. “Ok boo, I’ll see you when you get home, then.”
Key ended the call and went up to his mother’s door. He used the key he never returned, to enter. The first thing he did was go to her refrigerator.
“Is that you, Lottie,” Lisa shouted from her room.
“Yeah mom.”
“Get out my kitchen, you got food at home.”
Damn, how she knows all the time. He shut the door and went back to her room. “Why can’t I get something to eat?”
“Do I come to your house and eat al your food?”
“Whatever mom.” Key reached in his pocket and pulled out five hundred dollars. He rolled the bills up and tossed them to her.
Lisa grabbed the money and counted it. “It must be snowing out there.” She stashed the money and her bra, and then reached for a piece of paper from her dresser. “Here boy, some piss ann foreign girl called here looking for you. Don’t make me a accomplish to you infidelity.”
“I ain’t give anybody your number.” Key glanced at the paper and recognized the name written on it. He took the number into the living room and dialed it on his cell.
“Holò?” A Latino voice answered the phone.
“Can I speak to Anika?” She was the airline stewardess Key met on the plane the first time he visited Cincinnati.
“Tener Sebre.” There was a little shuffling, and then Anika’s voice cam across the line. “Hello?”
“What up, girl?”
“Who’s this?”
“Damn, how many dudes you got calling from Cincinnati?”
“Oh, hi popì. I’m gonna be in your city this weekend. I want a see you.”
    Key sat on his mother’s couch with his feet up. He had mix feelings about dealing with her, because this was only the second time he heard from her since they met. Something told him he would need her in the near future. “I don’t see a problem wit that. Write down my cell number and call me when you touch down.”
“Ok popì, I’ll do that. I got to go, so I’ll see you when I get there.”
“A’ight.” Key gave her his number before hanging up the phone. “Mom,” he shouted. I’m leaving.”
“Call me later,” Lisa replied.
On his way down New Bedford Ave, he came across a girl that was swinging a bat at another girl. (“I told you to stay away from my man!”) Blood flew from the gash on the injured girls head. Key pulled to the curb to stop her from swinging the bat, before she killed the girl, but a light skinned dude with light brown eyes, ran from between the buildings and tackled her. When Key heard the sound of sirens, he pulled from the curb, not wanting to be a witness to what unfolded before him. Three cop cars sped pass him on Section Rd. He jumped on seventy-five and made it home in ten minutes. 
After a long day of running around, his comfortable living room welcomed him. He lounged across his couch and sparked a blunt. Right when he started to relax, his doorbell rang. It never fells. He set the blunt in his astray and answered it.
“Hi Key, long time no see,” Kim said, taking in the surprise on his face. It wasn’t the reaction she was hoping for. “Are you going to invite me in?” 
Key never returned her calls and hasn’t seen her since he got out the county. “What made you just pop up over her?”
“A girl can’t stop by to see if you were all right. You just stopped coming to work, so I been worried.”
“Yeah, a’ight.” Key seen right through her charade. “I think you should hop in your car and roll out.”
Before she could reply, Nita walked up the sidewalk and stood next to her man. “excuse me, but who’s this?” Her tone was far from polite.
“Somebody who was just leaving,” Key said, as he turned to Kim and raised an eyebrow. “Right?”
“Oh I see. You were waiting for one of your chicken heads to show up. I respect that, so I’ll get with you later.”
Nita stepped in front of Key. “I don’t think that’s a good idea. I’m not going nowhere, so you can stay at wherever you came!” She turned around and stormed in the condo.
“That’s my girl and she stay with me, so that popping up shit is dead.” Key stepped in the condo and slammed the door in her face.
Kim walked to her car, disappointed that she didn’t accomplish what she came over there for. She didn’t know how Key and Ruby was making money together, but she had to be a part of it. 
Key walked in his living room and returned to the spot he left. He sparked his blunt, inhaled the smoke and let it drift from his nose. When it cleared, he noticed Nita standing in front of the TV, with her hip cocked and a hand on it. “What’s wrong wit you?”
“I know your not going to jest sit there like nothing just happen!”
“Man, I ain’t worried about that tramp!”
“Why the hell was she here, then?!”
“Shit, I don’t know. I haven’t seen that girl since I was at Xerox.”
“Whatever Key!” Nita stomped into the bedroom. “Nigga’s always on some sneaky shit. That’s why you can’t trust them.”
“Damn.” Key inhaled the blunt then laid it in the astray, before he followed Nita. “You need to chill out, ain’t nobody doing you wrong. The girl showed up talking about she been worried about me, because I haven’t been to work. You showed up two minutes later.”
“How do I know your not lying?”
Key sat next to her on the bed. “Have I ever gave you a reason not to trust me? Matter fact, I’m going to check out that house with you and after we move, there shouldn’t be any girls or anybody for that matter, popping up at our house.”
“I already check out the house and I like it.” Nita sat quietly for a minute. “I’m sorry, baby. I’m just use to a man treating me like shit. It’s hard to see you talking to another girl and not think you’re up to something.”
“I ain’t going anywhere.” He grabbed her and slid his tongue down her throat. “I’m about to go finished my blunt before I join you in the shower and show you how much I love you.”
“Ok, but hurry up.” Her grin was ear to ear, as she watched him leave the room.
~~~~~
His chrome factory rims shined as they spent down Broadway. The bass of Jay-Z’s Black Album pumped from his boss speakers. TJ parked at the corner, where he knew he could always find his cousin Brian. He cut the Cadillac engine and hopped out. “What’s up, big cuz?”
“Hold on,” Brian said, as he finished serving a fiend that looked to be still in junior high. When he finished, his attention was directed on TJ’s car. “Whose boot leg is that?”
“That’s my shit, B. I ain’t your broke little cousin anymore.”
“I see.” Brian noticed the bling around his neck. “I see the link hanging and the diamonds shining. My little cousin finally got hip to the game. Are you fuckin with d, or that dog food?”
“You know I won’t fuck with that shit. I remember you telling me that, if somebody found a way to make the money you were making but faster, you would stop hustling.”
“What’s your point?” Brian doubtfully asked. 
“I might have found a way. I met this whit dude in Kentucky. He prints payroll checks and supply the id’s with them.”
“Nigga, I ain’t cashing no checks.”
Nah cuz, listen. All we got to do is find fiends and take them to cash them. We get a one twenty-five off each one. They cash up to sixty a day.”
“Ain’t nothing that sweet.”
“I knew you would say that.” TJ popped open his trunk and pulled out a couple sample checks. He handed them to Brian to look over. “Bruh, tell me they don’t look real.”
Brian examined every inch of the check. “I’m wit this. What do I got to do?”
TJ pulled out his I-phone. “I’ll get you one of these. All you do is find some fiends and take their picture with this, and then email it to me. I’ll have ids for them the next day, with the checks. Since you’ll be going through me, I get two hundred. The rest is for you to split with the fiend.”
“A’ight, you know where I’ll be. You want to smoke something?”
“I would, but I got some shit to set up. I’ll be down tomorrow to drop off that I-phone, so you can get started. I’ll take you with me on Tuesday, to see how easy it is.” TJ shook his cousins hand then hopped in his sky blue Coup Deville and pulled down the street.
~~~~~
  The vinyl seat covers started to absorb the rotten stench of his unwashed clothes and body. For the last seven days, Brick sat in his mother’s Ford Escort in Madisonville, on Whetsel, between Desmond and Ward Street. Two weeks ago, he received information on a spot that was pulling in loads of money. The two times he been in there buying powder, he found out how careless they operated and how he could make his move. He cased the place, taking in every detail. 
At ten thirty pm, he felt the time was right for him to strike. He checked his two pistols to make sure they were loaded and cocked. With the same dark blue hooded sweatshirt, he had on all week, he moved up Whetsel and stood next to an all black on black Lexus Coup, sitting on twenty-inch chrome spinners. The girl that gave him the information told him, if the Lexus was there, the money was there.
Man, the dude watching the door, reached for his waist when he saw Brick approaching him. He relaxed when he remembered him from the last couple of times he been there. “I see that monkey’s calling you.” He used a radio to announce that another fiend was coming up.
Brick slipped pass Man, not at all worried about him, because he planned to pull his caper off quiet and efficient. He walked up the two flights of steps and knocked on the same door from before. He was caught off guard, when the door across the hall opened. He turned around to find a familiar face.
“We over here now,” Kurt said. “What you need?”
“A dollar piece,” Brick replied.
“Come in for a second, I got to make it up.”
That was all Brick was waiting to here. He walked in the apartment, glanced around and didn’t see a soul. As soon as Kurt turned his back, Brick pulled out his pistol and placed it to the back of his head. “You say a word and it’s over. How many are in here?”
“You’ll be a fool to rob this spot, you know wh—”
Wopp!!! Kurt saw stars as he went flying to the carpeted floor. “I didn’t ask you that,” Brick snapped.
“It’s only me, my cousin, and his girl. They in the back room.”
Brick pulled a couple zip ties from his pocket and tied Kurt’s hands behind his back. “Lets make a trip to the back.” They walked through the living room and down a hallway. When they approached a closed door, Brick could hear sensual moaning on the other side. He couldn’t believe how easy things were flowing. He pat Kurt down and found a thousand dollars on him. He stuck a dirty sock in his mouth and locked a zip tie around his face, before he stuffed him in an empty bedroom. He returned to the closed door and placed his ear to it, to make sure the moaning was still going on. Satisfied with what he heard, he turned the knob and crept it open. The first thing he saw was a masculine midnight black hairy butt, pumping between the thick legs of a red bone girl.
A strange feeling told Anna to open her eyes. When they finally adjusted to the light and focused on the stranger by the door, she screamed at the top of her lungs, pushed Camorra off, and pulled the sheets to her chin.
Camorra turned to see what frightened his girl. “Who the fuck are you!” He instantly recognized the fiend that been buying dope all week. “Man, if you don’t get out of here right now, I’m a kill your ass!”
Brick pointed a pistol at the girl and put one on Camorra. “Bruh, don’t make me let these off, because I’ll kill your girl first.” 
Brick finally realized what was happening, while they were being tied up and escorted into the room with Kurt.
“Now that were all here. Who knows where the money is?” Whamm!!! Brick left a 
throbbing whelp across Anna’s forehead. Blood trickled down her face. Her scream was muffled 
by the sock jammed in her mouth. 
“A’ight cuz, it’s in the vase in the living room.”
“Y’all hold tight.” He stuck a sock in Camorra’s mouth and dashed to the living room. That fool didn’t lie. He dumped the contents of the vase on the floor. He stuffed it in a plastic bag, and then searched the apartment for the coke they were slinging from it. He came up with eight ounces of powder and four ounces of heroin. He returned to the bedroom with his stash. “Don’t take this personal, it’s just part of the game.” If looks could kill, Brick would fall dead right where he stood, from the way Camorra stared at him. 
Brick found a set of keys on the coffee table, on his way from the apartment. They made him think about the apartment across the hall. He stuck his head into the hallway, and then went to the other door. He tried every key, until finally one turned in the lock. The place was set up just like the other one, even with the same vase. This time he crack it open. Four fat bundles of green bills laid across the hard clay. Brick added the money to his collection, then left. That scandalous tramp knew exactly what she was talking about. He walked down the steps and stood next to the door at the bottom. He set the bag on the floor then tapped on the door.
Man entered the building and was struck unconsciously to the floor. Brick snatched up his bag and exit the building. Ten minutes later, he was on Ronald Regan Highway, headed back to Westwood.
Chapter 9
Sunday at eleven am, Key looked relaxed in his boxer briefs, as he blew smoke to the ceiling of his hotel room. He glanced over his shoulder at the half naked girl lying next to him. He reached behind him to shake her gently. “Baby girl, are you hungry?”
Anika’s bare, small, perky breast, pointed to the ceiling when she rolled on her back. “Aye popì, what time is it?”
“A little after eleven,” Key replied. “Are you hungry?”
Anika scooted off the bed and strutted to the bathroom. She dug in the back of her panties to pull out the thin lace material that wedged between her cheeks. They still did nothing to cover her large backside. “I’m starvin’.”
“You need to invest in some larger panties.” Key noticed her purse sitting on the nightstand. He waited to she shut the door, before he grabbed it. He wanted to know everything about the girls he dealt with. He always told himself, that he could never be too careful. In a side pocket, he found a wallet, that contained her id. It said she was twenty-five and a native of Miami, Florida. Key came across a picture of a little boy who looked like he could be her son. The sound of the toilet flushing stopped his search. He replaced everything as he found it, and then sat on the bed as if he never moved.
Anika exited the bathroom and laid across the bed. Her breast smashed against the mattress while she arched her back, pushing her rear end to the ceiling. “I thought you were gonna feed me.”
“You didn’t tell me what you wanted.”
She crawled closer to him. “That’s ok, I got all I can eat right here.” Her teeth nibbled on his chest.
“Where do you live, Anika?” Key asked.
Anika was caught off guard by his question. She fell back on the soft pillows on her side of the bed. “Miami. What, you comin’ to see me?”
“I’m just curious. Do you got any kids?”
“Why are you so interested in my life, all of the sudden?”
“I’m just trying to get to know you. You got a problem wit that?”
“I guess not. I got a little boy.” She grabbed her purse and pulled out the picture that Key already seen. “He turns five next month. What about you,  what do you do for a livin’?” She glanced around the expensive suit. “This room is far from cheap.”
“I can do a little of everything wit computers.”
“It sounds a little illegal to me popì. What exactly is it you do?”
Key ignored her question. He shut her up when his mouth connected with hers. His tongue trailed to her left breast, while his hand caressed the other. Anika’s back arched, as he moved down her flat stomach and gave her something better to focus on, besides what he did for a living.
Anika enjoyed the touched from the man she came to Cincinnati to see. From the way he made her feel, she knew every pit stop to his city, they would meet up for a rendezvous. She knew he had a girl, but that wasn’t going to keep her from getting what she needed.
An hour later, Key walked out the bathroom, smelling like Irish Spring soap. He slipped his shirt over his head before sitting on the bed. Anika’s mouth watered at the sight of his stomach muscles flexing, before they were covered by the cotton fabric. “Do you need me to drop you at the airport?”
“No thank you, we ride the shuttle for free. One will be here around five. Soooo, popì… When will I see you again?”
“Call me the next time your headed this way, and I’ll make sure to clear my schedule. I’ll do the same if I decide to come through Miami.”
“I’ll definitely do that,” Anika promised.
Key gave her a soft kiss on the lips, before he exited the room. Down under the hotel, he pulled his Honda out the parking garage. He traveled the short drive through Covington, Kentucky and pulled in Jillian’s lot. The castle like structured building had everything, from a five star restaurant, to a bowling alley. It had entertainment for the whole family. Key let the valet park his car, and then ventured through the gaming room, to an exclusive area, where they had a set up of a couch, coffee table, sixty-four inch TV, and leather chair. Key signaled for a waitress, then relaxed in the comfortable seating. He ordered a Corona while he watched the basketball game and waited for his guess to show up.
Mimi was the first to arrive. Her lips gently touched Key’s, before she had a seat on the couch. “How you?”
“I’m doing a’ight,” Key replied. “Did you see TJ out there?”
“No, but I sent him a email to meet us at the spot.”
Twenty minutes later, TJ showed up and sat next to Mimi, on the couch. “My bad, y’all, Toy’s car broke down on Montgomery Road.”
“That’s a’ight, you had to handle your business.” Key stated. “I wanted to talk to y’all about the accounts we just opened. Any problems?”
“Nah, they had everything they needed.” TJ replied. “What are we doing with them?”  
Key leaned forward and rubbed his palms together. “I figured if the fiends had accounts opened at the banks, they shouldn’t have problems cashing checks from other banks. The thousand they opened them with should cover the nine hundred plus checks.”
“That don’t make no since,” Mimi stated. “Why would they cash nine hundred dollar checks, when they already got a thousand in the bank?”
“Think about it,” Key replied. “The thousand dollars is for show. There’s forty-six PNC Banks in Cincinnati. When they hit each one, all the teller will do is punch up the their account to see if they have enough deposited to cover the large check. Once they see the thousand, they’ll cash it straight out. Then, on to the next one.”
TJ’s hand started to itch. “That’s a lot of money.”
“I know over two hundred thousand worth. We all will eat good off of this lick.” Key pulled a piece of paper from his pocket, and then handed it to Mimi. “I need you to order this stuff for me.”
Mimi glanced at the articles on the paper. “We messin’ wit credit cards now?”
“Nah, that’s something personal for me.”
“All right, Key, if that’s it, I need to get going. Me and Jaden have something to do.” She got up, kissed Key on the cheek, then left.
TJ’s eyes focused on Mimi’s departing backside, as she walked away. “Bruh, you can’t tell me you haven’t hit that yet. That girl loves you.”
“Nah, I ain’t hit it. That’s the last thing on my mind right now.”
“All I’m saying is if she gave me the chance, it’s going down.”
“Whatever, yo. Look, I’m about to go to Camden. I’ll be back Wednesday, so have you drivers and fiends ready for next Friday morning.”
“They ready now, just call me when you get back.”
Key leaned back and sipped his Corona, before he glanced at his watch. “Damn, I got to meet Nita at the house. I’m a holla at you later.”
“A’ight, I’m gonna chill for a minute. I like the way that waitress is wearing her uniform.” 
~~~~~
Nett was propped up in her king size bed. Her cream colored silk robe was gaped opened, leaving nothing to fantasize, for anybody who just walked in her room. Her eyes were fixed on the computer monitor she had set up on her desk. Every since Karmeeka’s face got cut up, Nett rented condos around Camden, with hidden cameras everywhere, so she could monitor her girls.
Nett’s body sensually shifted when Kamil stepped into view. Her hand slipped into her panties, as she watched the john stripped her girl’s clothes off. She was aroused by what was unfolding on the screen, and the fact that she was being paid for it. Nett would have an orgasm if her body rolled through a million dollars in cash. He leisure time was cut short by the ringing of her cell phone. She switched off the screen then answered it. “Hello?”
“What up, baby girl?” Key asked. “Me and Nita is about forty-five minute from you.”
“You should have let me know you were coming.” Nett hopped off the bed and walked to her hallway. When she snapped her fingers twice, Christen and her new girl, Dino, rushed to her room. Nett covered the mouthpiece. “I need y’all to get this house cleaned up. We got company comin’.”
“I wanted to surprise you, so be looking out for me,” Key said.
“A’ight Key, I’ll be here.”
Christen knocked on Nett’s bedroom door and entered. “Mam, you want us to pull out the grille?”
“Yeah, and take some meat out the freezer too. Call Dave and tell him to come over. Let him Know Key’s in town.”
Key pulled his knew BMW M6 in Nett’s driveway, next to her SUV. “Before we go in here, I want you to know that Nett runs a small escort service. So I don’t know how many different girls will be here.” He knocked on the front door.
“You must have had fun when you lived here,” Nita stated.
Dino opened the door, looking casual in her loose-legged cream slacks, which hugged the curves of her luscious thighs, and a white DKNY blouse. “I’m Dino. You must be Key and Nita. Nett’s on the back porch.”
When Key headed off in that direction, Nita dug her nails in his arm. “Un un, you ain’t finn to leave me out here by my self,” she whispered, as she glanced at the Korean girl lounging on the couch.
“Chill out, boo, they don’t bite.”
Dino slipped her arm through Nita’s. “Don’t worry about her, Key, I’ll take care of her.
Nita’s eyes enlarged, as she watched Key’s departing back.
Key walked through the dining room and out to the back porch. He hugged Nett and then relaxed in one of her many padded straw wicker chairs. “How you been?”
“Everything’s on the rise, I’m a little bored, tho. What’s goin’ on wit you?”
“I wanted to holla at you about some money.”
“How much do you need,” Nett said without any hesitation.
“I’m good,” Key replied. “I want to invest some money into a clothing store. Can you get some of your girls to do a little shopping?”
“They’ll do whatever I say. What do you have in mind?”
“I found a way to rewrite credit cards. I got Id’s and everything. All they have to do is shop til they drop. I’ll give you ten percent on the sells price on everything they buy.”
“I’m down wit that. What type of labels do you want?”
“I know you know what’s hot. Make sure they get at least five of each style. I’ll rent a storage down here and have somebody pick it up every week.”
“I’m ready when you are.” Nett eyes roamed around her back porch. “Where’s the girl, who got your nose wide open. She sounded sweet on the phone, when I spoke to her last year.”
They left the back porch and joined everybody in the living room. Dave sitting on the couch in deep conversation with Nita was the first thing Key noticed.  “Yo, that’s me, cuz,” Key joked.
“What up tho,” Dave got up and hugged his friend. “I was just giving her some dirt on you.”
“Are you ready to make that move? I got a spot for you.”
“Damn right, I’m ready to move. I’m tired of this city, and I got a little money put up.”
“A’ight, tie up whatever you got goin’ down here, then drive on over. I got a job for you.”
A confused expression crossed Dave’s face. Nobody back home knew what Key was into in Cincinnati. “What type of job?”
“I’ll explain everything to you when you settle in.” Key grabbed Nita’s hand and escorted her to where Nett was standing. “Baby, this is Nett. You remember talking to here when I got locked up.”
“Yeah, I remember,” Nita, replied. “How are you?”
“I’m doing good.” Nett reached out and rubbed a strand of Nita’s hair between her fingers. “You got beautiful, long, jet black hair.”
“Are you flirting with me, Nett? Nita asked, with a wide smile on her face.  “Because I’m straight.”
“That’s sweet,” Nett replied. “Key, I like her. Y’all want to smoke some kine bud?”
“Roll it up,” Key accepted.
As they sat around Nett’s living room talking about old times, Nett’s doorbell rang. When Christen opened it, Tone, Earn, and Dell burst in full of energy. “What the deal is?” Tone said. They hugged and shook Key’s hand before they had a seat.
“When you get in town?” Dell asked
“Today. I was just about to hit you up. Step out side with me for a minute.” Key lead Dell out front and to his M6. He used his remote to unlock the doors. “Get in.”
Dell was amazed by the luxury of the inside of Key’s car. “How much they charge you to rent this?”
“What? This baby is almost paid for. Do you still work at that company that holds all them credit card files?”
“Going on four years. Why?
 “You know I wouldn’t ask you this if I knew you would get caught up on some shit, Key said. “I need credit card numbers and information on the people they belong too. I’m willing to give you a thousand for each platinum card and five hundred for each gold.”
Dell sat quietly, pondering the proposition that was just presented to him. He chewed on his bottom lip and stared at Key. “That sounds real tempting, but I don’t think I could do that, tho.”
“Look, don’t make a decision right now. I want you to think about it and how much money you’ll make.” Key pulled five hundred dollars from his pocket and handed it to him. “There’s a lot more where that came from.” He knew Dell was more of the square type and it would take some persuading to get him on the team.
The wad of bills felt good in Dell’s hand. He stuffed them in his pocket before answering Key. “Let me check out my options, then get back to you.”
“That’s all I’m asking right now. Y’all should come up next week, so I can give y’all a taste of how I’m living.”
“I’m wit that. Lets go see if Tone and earn want to roll.” They exited the car and joined everybody else in the house.
~~~~~
Ruby was parked in the Arab corner store lot, on Gilbert Road, waiting patiently for his two fiends to come out with a smile on their face. With his headlights facing the street, his eyes were focused on the rearview mirror, where he could watch the front door of the small store. The women came out first, counting the money from the check she just cashed. She slid in Ruby’s back seat and handed him the cash.
“Where’s your husband?”
“He was at the counter when I walked out,” the fiend replied. “He should be coming out now.” She pulled a small vase of heroin out and inhaled a quarter of it up her nose.
“You got to be kidding me! Put that mess away!” Ruby’s attention was drawn to the front door of the store. Half of the lady husband’s body was hanging out the door. His head was bounced around, caused by the multiple fists connecting to it. Two Arabs swung, as the third had a tight grip on his shirt.  His wife watched in horror, as blood squirted from her husband’s swollen face. The fiend finally broke free and took off down the street. 
Ruby dropped his gear in drive and slowly pulled from the lot. “He’ll probably catch a bus or something.”
“Hold on, pull down this street. We might run into him.”
“You got me stuck, I ain’t about to go looking for that fool.” Ruby pulled down Martin Luther King Boulevard , headed for Avondale. He parked on a back street, close to the women’s home. “Get yo’ stinking behind out my car. You’re funkin’ up my ride.” The open door almost hit the fiend, as he peeled off. I’m tired of dealing wit these dirty crack heads. He knew they were the only ones willing to use their own name. With that on his mind, he used his cell to call a girl that he knew would be down.
“If it ain’t about no money, holla,” a female voice answered the line.
“What’s the deal, Trina?”
“Oh, it’s you. What you want?” Trina and Ruby use to date in high school. She thought he was a sweet person until he cheated on her. She concluded that, they could be cool, as long as they weren’t dating. Trina kept him at a distance and turned down his many attempts to sleep with her.
“Do you know a couple of girls that would cash some payroll checks?” Ruby asked.
“I know a couple. Where you get them at?”
“I make them on my computer.”
“They’ll go, as long as they don’t have to use their own name.”
“Damn!” It took a minute, but Ruby came up with a solution. “Hold on, Trina, let me see what I can do.” He clicked over and dialed Key’s cell number, then reconnected the lines. “Don’t say anything.”
“What up wit it?” Key answered.
“What up, bruh, I need to holla at you about them id’s.”
“Yo, watch your mouth, fool! Get at me when you get some since.”
The phone went dead in Ruby’s ear. “Dude tryna act funny, because he ain’t making money like me.”
“It look like dude just clowned you,” Trina said “Look, get at me when you find a answered for them id’s. I ain’t about to get my girls all hype for nothing.” She ended the call just as abruptly as Key did.
Ruby close his phone and pondered on what he could do, deciding on still dealing wit Key, after he gave him enough time to get over his self. He drove his Maxim home and counted the little money he made for the day.
Chapter 10
When key returned from his trip out east, he was all about his business. He rented a small two bedroom flat in the area of Walnut Hills, under a fictitious name. The apartment was loaded with everything Key needed to make his operation run as smooth as possible. He was in a trance as he designed the payroll checks for the six accounts that were open. The bank reference number at the top of the check matched the micro digits aligned at the bottom. Key made sure the company name and logo was correct, typed in $987.00, and then pressed print. Two hundred and forty checks slid out his laser jet printer, which was loaded with magnetic ink. A digital signature was scanned on each one.
Key took his time to look over each one, making sure there were no mistakes. Satisfied with his work, he separated them by name, which came to six different envelopes, carrying forty checks each. He slid them in a small leather case, saved his work on a miniature two-gigabyte flash stick, to keep his computer clean of criminal activities, then left the apartment. As he entered the elevator, he noticed a thick built Italian lady running to catch the doors. He pressed the open button to hold the doors.
“Thank you,” she said, out of breath. “I’m about to be late for work.”
“Key noticed that she was very attractive. Her lips went to a point like Katherine Zeta-Jones. Her deep light brown eyes would hypnotize the strongest man. He was feeling the way she wore her low cut white blouse under her jacket, which gave her business suit a kind of sexy tone. She lived to close to his new apartment, so he kept his urges buried.
The lady shifted her hips and glanced at key. “You must have just moved in the building, because this is my first time seeing you. Which apartment do you stay in.?”
Damn, another nosey neighbor. “I don’t mean to be rude, but I don’t know you,” Key replied.
“Excuse me. Sorry for trying to welcome a new neighbor. I wont do that anymore.”
“Don’t take that personal. I’m just not use to people asking me questions about where I live. My name is Chillio.”
She stuck her hand out to shake his. “I’m Katherine, but you can call me Katt.”
The thoughts he had of her lips were humorous to him. They locked eyes, as he held her soft hand. There was a small connection between them. Key walked with her through the lobby and out the front door. “It was nice meeting you, Katt.”
“Hold on for a minute.” Katt reached in her purse and pulled out a business card. “If you ever want to get a drink or something, give me a call. Alternatively, just stop by in the evening. I stay in 504.”
Key watched her walk away in slide in the driver seat of late model Benz 230. Key had mix feelings about using the card she gave him, until he had a good look at it. Katherine Mear, P&C Bank branch manage, She’ll definitely come in handy. He stuffed the card in his pocket for safekeeping. AS his Honda sped from the curb, he dialed TJ’s number on his cell phone.
“What up, Key,” TJ answered.
“Yo, I’m on my way to your spot wit them things. Meet me out front.”
“I’m leaving Toy’s house no, I’ll meet you there in five minutes.”
Key closed his phone as he drove down Yorktown Street. He parked in front of TJ’s building, cut his engine, and waited patiently for his boy to show up.
TJ showed up five minutes later. He hopped out his car and slid across Key’s passenger seat. “What’s the deal?”
Key supplied him with the checks that just came fresh from the printer. “Do you got your 
people ready for tomorrow?”
“Yeah. They keep blowing up my phone,” TJ replied. “I seen Nita over Toy’s house the other day. That white BM is hot.”
“Just a little something I had to cop. What up wit you and Toy, How’s that working out?
“Everything sweet between us, but her brother came home the other day trippin’ on her. She about to move over here with me.” 
“After tomorrow, y’all should be able to find a better spot then this.”
“I hope so.”
“On the business side, I need three fifty off each of them things. Text me after y’all do the first one, so I’ll know things are good. I’ll get at you tomorrow.”
“A’ight, cuz.” TJ exited Key’s Honda and entered his building.
Key jumped on interstate 75, headed home. He drove up Montana Road and pulled down a small street to the right. He felt safe, coming home to his own house. Where nobody knew where to find him. It was his rest haven away from the rest of the world. He pulled in his two-car garage and entered through the side door. He was surprised to see a wooden table that matched the kitchen floor. The last time he as home, the place was empty of furniture. “Hey Nita,” he shouted. “Where you find this table?”
Nita left the bathroom, with her cleaning gloves on, walked down the marbled floor hallway, and joined Key in the kitchen. She stood on her toes and kissed him. “What’d you say, baby?”
“Where find this table?”
“Oh yeah, you ain’t going to believe this.” She took off her cleaning gloves and grabbed a small digital remote from a kitchen drawer. “You might want to back up,” she said, as she pressed one of the buttons.
Key watched in amazement, as the back of the chairs folded to the seat, and along with the table top, descended into the floor, blending perfectly with the architectural design of the wood. Key squatted and ran his fingers over the polished wooden floor, finding no flaws on the smooth surface. “Yo, that’s sick.”
“I know, right,” Nita agreed. “That’s not all.” She led Key into one of the empty spear bedrooms and pressed a different button on the remote. In one slow motion, two large slabs of the wooden floor folded upright, to make a head and footboard. Between them a king size bed ascended, with mattress and all.
“We should move in this room.”       
“No baby, our room is bigger.” Nita walked over and sat on the bed. “This mattress ain’t even soft like ours.”
Key joined her on the bed, laid her back, and kissed her on the neck. “Maybe I could change your mind.”
“Stop key, I’m all musty.” She slipped from under him and headed for the door. “I need to finish cleaning that bathroom, it’s filthy.”
“That’s bull,” Key shouted, as his cell phone rang. He put it to his ear. “Yo?”
“Yo, kid, me Tone, and Earn is coming up next weekend,” Dell said. “I got some hot stuff for you, so have my money ready.”
“I got you, bruh.” Key gave Dell his new address, and then ended the call. He dialed Ruby’s number and waited.
Ruby sounded drunk and disoriented when the line connected. His voice slurred across the line. “Hello?”
“Yo, it’s Key. Meet me at In-Town over in Kentucky next Saturday.”
“Why can’t we hook up before then? I need your connect.”
“That’s the only time I’m free, so make sure you show up, if it’s important to you.” You lucky I called you back after that stunt you pulled the other day, Key thought.
“I guess it’s Saturday then. I’ll see you then.”
Key closed his phone and laid back on the soft mattress, feeling good about everything that was going on in his life. He dozed off with the color green on his mind.
~~~~~
4:00pm, Friday morning, Katt snorted through the straw in her hand. The white crystal powder entered her nose and rushed straight to her brain. She leaned back on the couch and enjoyed the tangling feeling.
Key sat in one of her chairs, watching her waste her life away. If he didn’t think he would eventually need her, he would have left at first sight of her actions. This was his second visit to her apartment since he met her two days ago. “I guess this is why you’re always late to work.”
“Are you trying to be funny, Chillio?” Katt asked, as she wiped her nose clean.
You might as well be a crack head, with all that powder on your nose. “Nah, I’m just saying, why---” Key was interrupted by the sound of his phone. He was relieved to see TJ’s number on his caller Id. “What up, yo?”
“Bruh, you won’t believe what happen.” TJ said in a disappointed voice.
Key’s stomach started to churn, as he waited for the bad news. “What’s the problem?”
“All the inities went through just like you said. I’m at my spot waiting for you.”
“Don’t do that no more. You had me stressed,” Key said, relieved. “You said all of them?”
“Yeah, and everybody’s happy.”
“Good deal. Give me a half an hour.” He closed his phone and slipped it in his pocket. He looked at Katt’s once again powdery nose, happy to have a reason to get out of her apartment. “I got to got handle some stuff, Katt. I’ll call you later.”
“Hold on Chillo, I want to do something for you.” She wiped the residue from her nose and approached Key by the door. Feeling sensual from the drug, she gripped his Polo shirt with one hand, and slid the other down his jeans.
“What is you doing, girl?”
“Just try to enjoy.” She unzipped him and sat on the back of her feet. Right before she could fill her mouth with throbbing meat, she was shoved back on her rear. “What you do that for?!”
The vision of the white powder disappearing up her nose sent chills down Key’s spine. He was disgusted by the thought up it. “I just ain’t feeling this, Katt.”
“What’s wrong, you don’t like me, or something?”
“I think you’re a nice woman, but I don’t think I’m the one for you.” Key stared in her disappointed face. “Look, my boy from back home is visiting me this weekend. I want you to meet him.”
“I don’t need any charity, Chillio.”
“I ain’t playing you like that. Just meet him for me and see how it goes.” Key kissed her on the forehead and left the apartment. On his way to TJ’s, he held the steering wheel with his knee, as he used his hands to fill a Dutchmaster with kine bud, He parked his BMW next to TJ’s Cadillac, set his blunt in the astray for later, and then climbed the steps to the third floor.
TJ opened the door after hearing a light tap on the other side. He knew Key was the only one who knocked like that. “Bruh, it was wild out there today. They went through so easy, the fiends got mad when they were finished. I pulled in forty eight thousand myself.” TJ pulled a small duffle bag from behind his couch and slid it to Key. “That’s double what I made.”
Key counted out ten thousand from the bag TJ gave him. “Take this and open ten more accounts. This time spread them out through Kentucky and Indiana. You can use the same six fiends, but get Mimi to supply new ids for them. Find four more fiends and two more drivers. Try to get them open next week.”
“I can handle that,” TJ stated.
Key zipped the bag and headed for the door. “Oh yeah, don’t make no plans for next Saturday. My boys coming up from Camden. We gonna hit In-Town, then the Waffle House.”
“A’ight, Key. I’ll get at you later.”
Key drove to his house in Westwood, so he could put up the money he just collected. He pulled in his garage and carried the duffle bag in the house, and back to the spare bedroom. He rolled the new queen size bed, that he had Nita buy, to the other side of the room, and used the remote to raised the king bed from the floor. He slid the mattress off the box spring, and started to stack the pills in neat little piles across it. All but twelve thousand was put up, before he set the mattress back, made the bed, and pressed the button. When the bed disappeared and the two large slabs of wood blended in with the smooth polished floor, he slid the queen bed back in its position.
Key carried the rest of the money to his car, started it and backed out the garage. As he exited his street, he dialed Mimi’s number.
“Hello?” Jaden answered.
“What up, baby girl? Where’s Mimi?”
“She on her way home from work. You want me to tell her to cal you?”
“Nah, I’m on my way over there, so tell her to stay put. I need you to get me a nice quarter ready, tho.”
“I got you boo.”
Key ended the call and sparked the blunt he rolled earlier. The sweet smoke drifted from his mouth, as he drove the ten minutes out Mt. Healthy. Once he arrived at his destination, he grabbed Mimi’s money and walked in their house. “Yo, where y’all at?” He shouted.
“I’m back here, Key,” Jaden replied, from her bedroom.
Key walked down the carpeted hall and froze at the bedroom doorway. Jaden sat on the bed, half dressed in pink boy shorts and a blue halter-top. Her legs were crossed Indian style; the thin material between her legs couldn’t hold what she was packing. Why every time I come here, they have to do this to me. Key tried to control the sensual feeling building inside him.
Jaden glanced up to find Key staring at her. “Hi. Mimi’s in the shower.” She tossed him the quarter pound of kine bud he asked for on the phone. “Since you’re my boy, just give me thirteen hundred for it.”
Key paid her then took a seat in the chair behind the door. He started to split a blunt, as she sparked one of her own. They were discussing different grades of weed when Mimi walked in, wearing nothing but the towel around her wet hair. “Girl, you better put some clothes on, we got company,” Jaden voiced.
Mimi wrapped her body with the towel, until she realized it was Key in the room. The Towel instantly dropped to the floor. “Who Key? He practicably lives here.” She finished drying off, and then slipped on a bra and pair of gray sweat shorts with no panties. She sat on the floor with her back to the bed. “Oh yeah, key, I received that thing I ordered. It’s sitting in the computer room.”
“Cool, I’ll get it before I leave.” Key tossed the bag he brought to Mimi. “There’s more where that came from.”
“Didn’t your mom every tell you not to throw things at a women?” Mimi unzipped the bag and pulled out some of the crispy bills. “How much is this?”
Key answered her, but his mind was elsewhere. He couldn’t help but to think about how he was sitting in the room, alone with two sexy half naked women, who was more than willing to seduce him. He watched Mimi’s rear jiggle in her sweat shorts, as she got up and emptied the money in one of her dresser drawers. She blew his mind when she switched her Alicia Keys cd on and slow danced with herself.
“Key, come dance with me.”
He seen no harm in just dancing, but he wasn’t prepare for what was about to unravel. He sparked the blunt he rolled and joined her on the middle of the floor. She wrapped her hands around his neck and grinded her pelvic hard against his leg.
Feeling alone and left out, Jaden hopped off the bed and started to dance behind Key. She took Key’s lit blunt from his hand, stuck it in the astray, then pressed her soft breast against his back. Key felt like the cream of an Oreo cookie, but one who rises to the occasion.
Mimi grabbed the tail of his shirt and lifted it over his head. “It’s getting hot in here, right?” She unsnapped her bra and raised her left nipple to her mouth. 
Jaden reached around his waist, unhooked his jeans, and slid her hand down his boxer briefs. “Dang Key, this is all you?” She pushed his jeans to the floor, making his tube steak stand firm.
Key stood there helpless, as Mimi got tired of her own nipple and wrapped her soft lips around his. She left a wet trail down his abdomen, venturing toward her destination. Her hot mouth closed around his penis, making his knees buckle. He eased to the floor, taking them both with him. Jaden watched as her girl sucked, licked, and stroked between Key’s legs. She wasn’t one to be left out, so she devoured the top half of his body. She stood up and stripped down to nothing, before she pulled Mimi up and helped her discard her clothes. Their eyes connected with a mutual understanding about what they would do next. 
Mimi slipped her tongue in Jaden’s mouth; she let go then squatted over Key’s penis. Her hips moved in sensual circles, as she tried to find her g-spot. Jaden stood over Key’s head and didn’t waste no time to lower her Delicious hot box onto his face. His tongue extended to meet her swollen clitoris. Jaden reached up and gripped the back of Mimi’s neck, pulling her into a deep kiss. Both of their hips move in harmony with one another.
Watching Jaden get her snatch chewed on, Mimi received the urged to feel what she was. She slipped off Key’s throbbing manhood and laid on the floor next to him. She started to please herself, while her eyes focused of her girls rotating hips. “Come here, Jaden, I want you to taste me.”
Always ready to please the love of her life, Jaden climbed off Key’s face, leaving it dripping wet, and crawled between Mimi’s legs, diving mouth first into her swollen, soft, wet tissue. Her rear was tooted, giving Keya free invitation to enter.
Key climbed behind her and ran the head of his penis, form the entrance to her anal, to her juicy clitoris. He took her by surprise with the girth and width that entered her awaiting vagina; her tongue shot deep into the folds between Mimi’s legs. The harder Key pounded, the faster she ravished her dripping caramel lips.
Over time, the excitement built up in Key. It was finally too much to handle, so he pulled out and sprayed a thick stream of semen across Jaden’s back. She reached behind her and smeared the stick white fluid into her skin, like it was Jergins lotion, but her face never left where it was planted. She continued to please Mimi, until her body quivered then relaxed on the carpeted floor.
All thee exhausted participants climb on the bed. Key sparked the blunt Jaden put out and inhaled smoke into his lungs. “Yo, I wish I would have gave in to y’all earlier.”
Mimi grabbed Key’s hand and rubbed slid it between her legs. “Now you know what you been missing.” She glanced over at Jaden. “You know sweetie, we might not be able to get rid of him now.”
“How he just stretched me wide open, I might want to keep him,” Jaden replied. They all laughed at the joke between them. 
After an hour of rest, Key woke up and glanced on each side of him, where both of the girls were softly snoring. He kissed them both on the forehead, and then slipped out the bed, careful not to disturb their rest. He dressed, grabbed the quarter pound that he bought from Jaden, grabbed the credit card rewrite hardware from their computer room, and left the house. In his car, instead of reminiscing on his experience, he glanced at his new hardware and thought about how he would get his clothing store up in running, without investing a lot of money.
Chapter 11
Saturday morning, the week after Key finally gave in to Mimi and Jaden, Key was in his driveway, buffing the white paint of his M6. He was startled by a Toyota FJ Cruiser pulling behind his car. His instincts told him to reached in his car and grab the nine-millimeter laying across his passenger seat. His grip was tight around the rubber handle; it didn’t relax until he recognized that his boy, Dell, was in the drivers seat.
Dell jumped out the SUV and hugged Key. “What’s the deal? We would have been here, if Tone would have helped drive.”
“I ain’t know who that was pulling up in my driveway.” Key said. “Y’all almost got shot.”
“Why you so paranoid?”
“It be like that when you got money, plus, don’t nobody in Cincinnati know I stay here.”
Earn and Tone exited the car with their eyes half shut. “What up, Key.” Earn said. “I see your doing your thing in the Nati.”
“What about you? Nett told me how you getting’ that paper back home.”
“You know how it is,” Earn replied.
Key put his cleaning material away in his garage then escorted them in the house. “I know Tone brought some of that kine with him.”
“Don’t leave home without it,” Tone stated.
“Yeah, that’s why you couldn’t get behind that wheel and wanted to stop at ever other rest stop,” Dell interjected.
Before Earn could plop down on the living room furniture, Key grabbed his arm. “Hold on bruh, Nita don’t want anybody sitting on her new furniture y’all can sit at the kitchen table.”
“I feel like I’m at me grandma’s house.”
“Ain’t no table in here,” Tone said.
“My bad.” Key grabbed the remote and pressed a button. When the kitchen table started to rise from the floor, everybody jumped back.  
“Dang,” they all said in harmony.
“I ain’t never seen no stuff like this,” Tone said.
“Forget all that,” Earn interrupted. “What up wit the barbecue, because a brother got the munchies.”
“Dang fool, we just got here,” Dell said.
“Nah, that’s cool Dell. Y’all can grab the meat from the freezer. The grille is outside. I got to make a quick call.” Key went into his bedroom and dialed Nita’s cell number.
Hi baby, I’m about to get off in a few minutes,” Nita answered. “You want me to bring you something.”
“Yeah, make sure you bring a couple of your co-worker over. Dell and them up from Camden. We about to barbecue.”
“Ok, one of them white tho, but she cute.”
“That’s cool, Tone mess wit white girls anyway. I’ll see you when you get here.” Key ended his call then joined his boys on the back porch. “ Yo, Nita bringing a couple of her friends over for y’all. If anybody gets lucky, use one of the spare rooms down the hall. Earn, try not to throw up on one of my beds, you know how you do.”
Everybody laughed, as they reminisce on the day Earn did his thing. They were grilling and inhaling the kine bud Tone brought with him, when Nita showed up with three of her friends. After introducing everybody, she had a seat on her mans lap. She inhaled the sweet smoke from his mouth while their lips connected. “You miss me?” Nita asked, while smoke drifted from her nose.
“Every time your away.” Key checked out the girls Nita brought with her. The black girls were cute, but the white girl had a body that belongs in a King Magazine back shot. He knew Tone would be all over her. Suddenly, the conversation he and Dell had on the phone entered his mind. “Hold on boo, let me holla at Dell for a minute.” He handed her his blunt, then told Dell to follow him into the house.
“What up, yo?” Dell asked.
“That thing we talked about on the phone. The deal is?”
“It’s all good, I got everything in my bag. I was going to show it to you in the morning, while everybody was still sleep.”
“That’s what’s up,” Key agreed. “We can take a ride to my other spot. I got a surprise for you anyway.”
“What kind of surprise?”
“Just chill, bruh. You’ll see.” They returned to the back yard, where everybody separated into couples. As Key predicted, Tone had the thick white girl sitting on his lap. He smiled to himself and joined Nita on one of the wicker chairs.
Around eleven thirty pm, Key’s house was quiet. Tone was passed out on the couch. Dell had retired to one of the bedrooms an hour earlier. After Key locked up, and set the alarm, he heard light moaning as he ventured pass the other spare room. When he peaked in, to his surprise, Earn was the one who came up on the white girl. Key figured, since he was labeled as one of New Jersey’s largest dope boys, his confidence must be to the roof. Key shut the door and went on his way. 
After a quick shower, Key climbed in bed next to his queen. He gave her a light kiss on the forehead, awaking her. She felt secured next to the man she loved so much, but she was worried about the secrets he carried.
“Baby, I don’t mean to pry, but where’s all this money coming from? I mean we were just struggling some months ago.”
“I told you not to worry about that. Just know I’m taking care of you,” Key replied.
“I don’t want to think the worst, but I’m worried about you. I don’t want to get a call one day, telling me you’re dead or in jail. All these drug dealers keep ending up---”
“What the hell is wrong wit you?! I ain’t selling no drugs. What I’m doing ain’t nothing like selling that shit!”
Nita’s eye’s bulged at the curse that spit out his mouth. She never heard him swear before, and if he did at all, not around her. She knew she must had hit a nerve. “I’m sorry, I just don’t know what’s going on! You leave me in the dark on everything.”
“Look, all I want you to worry about is finding us some empty space, so we can open that clothing store we discussed. I found a wholesaler. All we need to do is apply for a business license, and deal with this tax thing.”
She knew he had a way of bringing up stuff that would get her mind off what he did for a living. She knew deep in her heart, that he would do nothing to hurt her and do everything to protect her, so she let it go. “Baby, you know I love you right. Just promise me, whatever you’re doing, you’ll stop after we start making a profit from the store.”
Key kissed her on the lips, then looked her dead in the eyes. “I promise.” He rolled her on her back and put all he energy into their lovemaking. He devoured her body as if it was the first time they laid down together.
~~~~~
Seven am the following morning, Key brushed his pearl white teeth before he returned to his bedroom. He woke Nita with a soft kiss on the cheek. “I’ll be back. I got to handle some business. I’m taking Dell with me, Earn and Tone still sleep.”
“I’ll be at work when you get back, so I’ll see you later tonight,” Nita replied.
Key kissed her again then left the room. He found Dell in the kitchen rolling a morning blunt. “When you start smoking so earlier?”
“You must have rubbed off on me,” Dell replied. “ You ready?”
“Yeah, let me grab my phone.” Key took the scenic route to his apartment in Walnut Hills. He had his windows up with the sunroof open, to keep some of the tasty smoke in, but not enough to embedded in his interior. Key loved the feel of the five hundred and seven horsepower V-10 engine under the hood of his M6. He handled it around corners like a professional.
“Yo, it ain’t none of my business, but what are you planning to do with these numbers.?”
“I’m about to show you.” Key parked in front of his apartment building. When they got up to his place, he pulled out the credit card rewrite machine and hooked it to his computer. “With this, I can put them numbers on new credit cards. All I need is the right information.
“Were you get that?” Dell pulled a wad a papers from his pocket and handed them to Key.
“Don’t worry about that, just continue to get me these and you’ll get paid.”
“Well, that’s ten right there, all platinum.” Dell thought Key was going to cringed at the number he gave him. He knew nobody wanted to give away ten thousand dollars. He never saw that much money in his life, and the thought of it just being handed over to him was to good to be true.
Key rolled his chair over to his closet and opened the small safe he installed in the floor. He pulled out two five thousand dollar bundles, then put the information Dell gave him in its place. He noticed Dell’s hand shaking, as he handed him the money. “I know how you feel, bruh. My hand did the same thing when I handled my first lick. Now for that surprise I was telling you about. I remember back when you told me a girl never made you bust with her head game.”  
“It still ain’t happen,” Dell replied, as he stuffed the money in his pocket.
Key shut off his computer and stood up. “Come on, let’s roll.” He led Dell out his apartment and to one down the hall. When he knocked, Katt answered.
“Hi Key.” She hugged him then returned to her spot on the couch, silently inviting him in.
Key sat next to her on the couch. “You remember I told you about my boy from back home? That’s Dell. Dell this is Katt.”
“How are you doing, Dell?”
“I’m straight.”
“Can I talk to you in the back, Key?” She led him into her bedroom and had a seat. “Why do you want me to meet your friend? What are you up to?”
“He never experienced a orgasm only by head.” Key was blunt and up front. He figured if she wanted to be a cokehead, he was going to treat her like one.
“No Key I’m not doing that, I don’t even know him. Why are you coming at me like that?”
He ignored her question. “I grew up wit him.” He leaned close to her and ran is tongue across her neck, while whispering. “Do this for me and I’ll take care of you, a’ight.”
“I don’t know Key,” Katt put up a weak argue. “I guess I could do this one thing for you, but on one condition. I need you to get me some powder tomorrow, some good stuff.”
“A’ight, I got you,” Key lied. He knew he would never touch that stuff. “Stay back here, I’m a tell him to come back. He returned to the living room. “Yo, she wants you back there. Come next door when you’re finished.”
Dell shook Key’s hand then ventured down the hall. When he entered the bedroom, he joined Katt on the bed. “What up? He asked in a somewhat nervous voice.
Katt just wanted it to be over with, so she waist no time unbuckling Dell’s jeans and pulling them along with his boxer down to his ankles. “I need for you to relax.” She whispered, before her hot mouth devoured his rod. One thing she was use to was a mouth full of semen, so she knew how to get what she wanted. Her mouth was so wet; Dell couldn’t believe he wasn’t in a vagina. As she sucked and stroked between his legs, her left pointer finger grazed his prostate and ended up at his anal. She ran circles around the ring of his exit only hole. Dell wasn’t use to a girl touching him there, but it heightened the sensation. When her wet fingers slipped into his tight hole, it was too late to protest. 
Dell slid forward on the bed, as her fingers went deeper. His orgasm took control; forcing his hands to grabbed her head and pushed his rod in her mouth to the limit. It was like no other feeling he experienced. His cum burst in her mouth, as his body shook out of control. For anybody who was watching, they would think he was the women in the relationship, by the scream the escaped his mouth. When all was over, Dell laid back on the bed, not believing what just came over him.
Key quietly shut the bedroom door and saved the streaming video on his I-phone. He Left the apartment and waited for Dell to join him.
~~~~~
Twenty minutes later, Key maneuvered his M6 into McDonalds parking lot. Before exiting his car, with a smirk on his face, he glanced over a Dell and shook his head. Thinking about what he let Katt do to him made him loose his appetite. “You know somethin’, yo. I ain’t even hungry no more.”
“What’s so funny?” Dell asked.
“Don’t worry, you’ll see when we get back to the house.” Key ordered food for his entire guess then he drove the short ride home. When they entered the house through the garage, Tone and Earn was searching through his refrigerator. 
“About time,” Earn said. “I couldn’t even cook ol’ girl some breakfast.”
“Where y’all been?” Tone asked, as he sat at the kitchen table.
“I took this nigga to holla at my girl Katt. He told me he never bust getting head.” Key replied.
“It still ain’t happen,” Dell lied.
“What?! I know you didn’t just stand there and lie though your teeth.” Key pulled out his I-phone and patted it. “I knew you would, but I got proof right here.” After setting the video to play, he started it and handed it to Tone. 
With Earn over his shoulder, they Tone watched as Katt’s head bobbed in Dell’s lap. “Damn yo, where you get this. I need one of these.”
Dell caught a glimpse of the screen over Earn’s shoulder, and saw himself in action. “Ah, that’s some bull.” He tried to grab the small pocket pc, but Ton held it out of reach, as Earn held him back.
“All nah, I know she ain’t about to--- Ahhhhhhhh, that’s some nasty freaky stuff.” Tone exclaimed.
“Damn Dell, I didn’t know you liked fingers in your ass,” Earn laughed at his own humor. “Why you kick your legs up like that?”
“Man fuck fuck y’all!” Dell replied, mad that he was on center stage. “Key you some bullshit. You need to erase that.”
“Nah, forget that,” Key replied. “I’m selling them on DVD for $29.95. They all must go.”
~~~~~
Around eight thirty that night, Key pulled his M6 across from the condominium he let Dave stay in. Earn and Tone pulled right next to him in their rented SUV. Key got out and knocked on Bricks door.
Brick came out with a blunt in his mouth. “What up, cuz? Long time no see.” While he hugged Key, he glanced at his car. “Damn, we rolling in that?”
“It’s nice, right?” Key asked.
“I see you done came up. You sporting the gold link with the diamond out platinum and gold skeleton key medallion.”
Key scanned over Bricks wardrobe and realized he was underdressed of the club they were headed to. “Yo, I knew this would happen, so I came prepared.” He escorted Brick to his truck and opened it. Lying in a plastic clothes sleeve was a gold and blue silk Versace shirt, gold slacks with the same label, and a pair of quarter cut blue Gators. “That’s all you, bruh.”
Brick picked the hanger up and rubbed the soft material between his fingers. “I would be out of place at In-Town. Let go change real quick.” Brick entered his garage and made a quick change of his appearance. He came out four minutes later looking like a different person. He fit right in with the crew he was rolling with that night. He was introduce to Dell when he slid in Key’s back seat. Then they made their way to the club.
Key took I-Seventy Four to Seventy Five. He wasn’t a drinker, so he sparked a blunt for the ride over the bridge. Once in Kentucky, he cruised down Scott Street and stopped hi sM6 in front of In-Town. He made eye contact with his mothers ex boyfriend, who work the door as a bouncer, then he made a u-turn and followed by Earn and Tone, they parked in front of the club.
The red carpet should have been rolled out, by the way they exited their vehicles and approached the bouncer. The long line of awaiting patriots was full of haters. The men stared at them with envy, while the women admired them. They ignored the hungry crowd on their way.
“What up, Daryl?” Key asked. “It’s five of us.” He slid two crispy hundred-dollar bills in his hand, as they were let into the club. As soon as they got in, TJ found them by the bar.
“What up tho? Y’all just getting’ here.” TJ spoke loud over the music.
“Yeah,” Key answered. “These my boys from back and Camden. Tone, Earn, and Dell. Yo, this my partner, TJ.”
“What’s the deal.” They shook hands and ordered drinks.
Key noticed Ruby occupying a table in the far right corner. “Yo, enjoy the club, I got to take care of somethin’.” He made his way to the table and had a seat. “What up bruh? What on your mind?”
“Long time no see,” Ruby replied. He only arrived there fifteen minutes ago and he was already on the verge of being drunk.
“I been busy. You know I shouldn’t deal wit you, after how you talked on the wire like that, but I guess I owe you somethin’.”
Ruby wasn’t feeling the way Key was acting like he had more money and respect then him. It was a competition thing to him and in his mind, he was on top of the world. He wanted to tell him to respect a g when he seen one, but his words would probably mess up the connect before he got it. “What’s up wit that id connect. Let me get ol’ girls number.”
“It don’t work like that, bruh.” Key leaned back in his seat and pondered over the situation. “Let me holla at her then get back to you. It would probably cost you four hundred each.”
Damn, this nigga tryna tax me. “I’m cool wit that, just set it up.”
At that moment, TJ walked over and sat at the table. “What up, Key. I just met this dark skinned broad, who wants to bounce on her dude. I’m a get at you tomorrow.”
“A’ight bruh, go handle yours.”
Brick was chilling at the bar, checking out the females, when TJ walked up and shook his hand. 
I’m about to go throw down on this chicken head,” TJ said. “ She talkin’ bout I can’t handle her head game.”
“Where she at?” Brick asked, as he looked around. His eyes followed TJ’s, to the front door. A familiar was in his gut while he checked out his date. He instantly recognized the thick dark skinned girl with the full lips, waiting for TJ. “Because your Key’s homey I need to let you know something.”
“What’s up?”
“Watched your back wit that broad. I know here and she ain’t right.”
“I got this,” TJ said, not knowing what he was getting his self into. “Good looking tho.” He joined the girl by the door, and they left together. 
Back at the table, Ruby just like the first time the met, was bragging about how he was balling. “I made ten stacks last week. When I get that connect, it’s on.”
That’s it, you need to step your game up, Key thought to himself. “Yeah, you got that bank roll, bruh. I need to start getting’ money like that. Who you here wit?”
“My girl Kim is around here somewhere.”
“Yo, start collecting your pictures, so when I hook up that connect, you’ll be ready. I’m about to hit that dance floor.” Key got up and left the table. He partied with his boy until the light were turned on.
~~~~~
Dell, Key, and Brick sat in the parking lot, discussing the girls they danced with in the club. Tone and Earn met two girls that had a room at the Travelodge. They took the SUV and left as soon as the club closed. Key was leaning on his M6 when Ruby pulled up in his Nissan Maxima.
“I know that ain’t you,” Ruby said in disbelief, as he scoped out Key’s BMW.
“It’s just a little something I had to copp,” Key replied. “I see you sittin’ on dubs.”
“You know how I do. I’ll call you later this week about that business.” Ruby took one last look at Key’s car before he pulled out the lot. He thought, after Key stopped messing with him, he was broke again. Little did he know Key had more money then he ever dream of.
“Bruh, it’s something about dude I don’t like,” Brick stated. “He looks like one of them soft sneaky cats. They’ll be scared in your face, but do some dirty things behind your back.”
“I’m a keep that in mind,” Key said.
“Another thing, Key. Your boy TJ, he need to watch out for these ho’s. They’ll be his down fall.”
Key didn’t need anybody to tell him how TJ was, because he already knew. He was surprise to see somebody notice it on their first meeting. “What about you, what you been up to?”
“Nothin’ really, just pushing a little powder down on thirteenth. I need to find a connect to put me on. Them dudes down there’s soft, so I know I can lock the block down.”
Key felt like he owed Brick something for looking out for him a while back. “I don’t usually do this, but I’ll hook you up wit my boy Earn, the dark skinned dude you met in the club. Hey Brick, don’t play me on this, a’ight?”
“Never bite the hand who feed you,” Brick said.
“A’ight, you owe me for this.
~~~~~
Once Brick was safely home, Key and Dell headed for Key’s house. Key noticed Dell sitting in his passenger seat looking lonely. “You a’ight over there?”
“Yo, see if that white girl still up,” Dell replied.
“Ahh fool, she turned you out,” Key teased, as he pulled out his phone and dialed Katt’s number.
“Hello?” She answered with a sleepy voice.
“What up, Katt. I don’t know what you did to my boy, but he want to see you right now.”
“I guess I have that effect on men. You would know if you would let me get a hold of you. I’ll leave the door open for him.”
“Yeah, a’ight.” Key ended the call. “You in luck, she said she’ll leave the door open for you.” When Key pulled up to her building, he gave Dell the spare key to his apartment. “If she get on your nerves, just stay at my other spot.”
After the long ride across town, Key pulled up to his sanctuary and parked in his garage. He found Nita sleeping peacefully across the couch on the back porch. He carried her into the bedroom, kissed her on the cheek, then left. Key returned to the back porch and turned on his big screen HD TV. After rolling a blunt, her reclined his favorite chair, as he sparked it and inhaled the sweet smoke. The thought kept entering his mind, about how he was going to clean his money. He knew it was the right moment in time to do so.
Chapter 12
Six months after Key received his credit card rewriter, Dave found himself driving a large U-haul truck full of designer labels. His eyelids were heavy form the nine-hour drive through three states. Finally reaching his destination, he pulled in Western Hills Mall parking lot and back the truck up to the back door of an empty renovated clothing store. He cut the engine, hopped out and made his way to the back of the truck.
Nita heard the loud roar of the diesel engine when it pulled up, so she left the back office and unlocked the stores front door. “Hi Dave, Key told me to wait for you. He had to go do something.”
“A’ight,” Dave replied. “You want this stuff in a certain place.”
“Just stack everything in the back storage room. We’re waiting for the racks to be delivered. Do you need some help?”
“Nah, I got it.” Once Dave had the trucks storage door open, he pulled down the ramp and started to haul large heavy boxes from the back with a handcart. 
While Dave was on his third trip into the store, Key pulled his Honda next to the U-haul. “What up yo?”
“Tired,” Dave replied. “It ain’t even the distance that killed me, if I was driving something wit a little luxury, it wouldn’t be a bad drive. Next time I’m a bring one of Nett’s girls wit me. She’ll know how to make the time go by.”
“I feel you on that.” Key detached a key from his chain and handed it to Dave. “I told you I had a spot for you, right. That’s the key to my condo on the Westside. I kept it after I brought my house. It’s empty, so you might want to stay in a hotel tonight.”
“Good deal,” Dave said, as he accepted with gratitude. “I got some nice furniture in my crib back in Camden. I’ll bring it up on the next shipment.”
“A’ight let me go holla at my girl.” Key shook Dave’s hand then entered the store. He found Nita sitting behind her desk in the office, going over some paperwork. “What up, baby girl?” He leaned over the desk and kissed her lips.”
“Hi boo, I thought you wasn’t coming back.”
“I had to give Dave the Key to my condo. I’m about to run downtown right quick. You a’ight?”
Yeah. I’m just getting these papers in order. Toy’s coming bye to help me clean up, before the racks get here.”
“A’ight, I’ll see you when you get home.” He kissed her again then left the office, where he found Dave bringing in another stack of boxes. “Yo, call me later, I got a little something for you.”
“That’s what’s up,” Dave replied.
Key exited the store and drove I-Seventy-five straight downtown. When he made it to Thirteenth Street, he parked behind a money green 2000 Rang Rover. He left his car and jumped in the passenger seat on the SUV. “What up, yo?”
Brick sat behind the wheel on the late model Dell truck with smoke drifting from his nose. “Gittin’ this money.” He dragged on his blunt again then reach it out to Key. “You want to hit this?”
“Nah, I’m cool bruh. Earn told me your were copping more then five of those things every two weeks. Why are you still down here on these blocks? You should be just supplying weight, that’s it.”
“Man, from right here, I can see every transaction made on my block. I got to watch my investment.”
Key figured Brick didn’t understand what he was saying. He had to make it clearer. “Yo, check this. I need for you to let these young boys have these blocks. You’ll make enough money just by supplying them. My uncle always told me, when you get greedy, you get caught. You drawl attention to yourself when you jus sit up here in this big ass green­---”
Bricks eyes focused on a young boy, who been dodging him all week. “Hold up Key!” He jumped out his truck and ran down the street. “Hey Tim, let me holla at you.”
“Ahh fuck!” Tim whispered, but not low enough for Brick not to here him.
“Yeah, say it again, you fucked up.” Brick pulled a nine-millimeter from his waste and pointed it at him. “Where the fuck is my money?!”
Tim thought it was the end of his days on Earth. He knew he didn’t have all of Bricks money and the word around town was that brick didn’t play about what was owed to him. The thought of taking off entered then immediately left his mind, because he thought about how it felt to be shot when he was robbed last year was too much to handle. “I… I’m trying to get it now, Brick,” he stuttered.
“Brick check Tim out, calculating how much money he was wearing. “How you ain’t got my money and you out here fresh like this?” He flicked Tim’s collar with the end of his nine. “What’s this, Polo? And you got matching pair of Timms. Hold up, is that ice I see peaking out your shirt? Fuck that, take all that shit off! You ain’t gonna be out here fresh with my money!”
“Nah Brick, my chain is---”
Wopp!!!
Tim hit the ground before he knew what happen. The eyes he looked up in were the same type of eyes he saw last year. He didn’t waste time to start pealing away what he had on.
“Hurry the fuck up!” Brick ordered
Back in Bricks truck, Key sat there watching the events unfold. His instincts made him hop out the SUV and jump in his Honda. He knew Brick was letting the money go to his head and had to put a stop to it, before it got out of hand. He seen what happened to people in the game who wasn’t smart and he didn’t want his boy to fall victim.
Brick snatched Tim’s chain from around his neck and held it up. “This shit looks real to me. The next time I see you and you don’t have my bread…” Brick pointed his gun at Tim and pretended to shoot it. He watched Tim to take off down the street in nothing but his drawers.
Key rolled his widow down as Brick approached his car. “Yo, that’s the unnecessary shit I’m talking about. Now if dude come up missing, everybody who saw that, is going to know that you had a hand in it.”
“I know bruh, but dude owe down three stacks. This is my first time seeing him in a couple weeks. I couldn’t let that go.”
“I guess you had to do you then. Next time, try to be more discreet,” Key said, as he received a text on his I-phone.
Brick held the chain he took from Tim, up to the sun. “This fake ass bullshit!” He tossed it in the street. “Dude better have my money the next time I see him!” 
Key couldn’t believe Brick didn’t take in a word he said. “Yo, that was TJ. I got to meet him at PJ’s Lounge. I’ll get at you later.
“Tell TJ I said what’s up.”
Key rolled up his window and pulled down the street. On his way back up Twelfth Street, he shook his head as he passed the young boy Brick stripped. A couple of minutes later, he parked his Honda in PJ’s lot. TJ slid in his passenger seat and handed him a small bag full of money. “I guess things went straight today.”
“We got a problem,” TJ said. “I was at the motel wit this dread hood rat right, and she was going on about how her dude beat on her. Then she started telling me how her dude was scamming money out of some dude. She told me he had her cash like thirty-five checks that somebody gave him in her name, then he would call the dude and say he only cashed twenty.”
“So did you fuck the broad?” Key asked.
“What you mean, did I fuck her? I’m talking about dude, he work for me, and he called on that same bullshit today. Dude stay up in English Woods.”
“Don’t worry about that. Leave dude alone, but slide me his info. I told you to only deal wit people you can trust. Lesson learned.”
“Yeah, I need to weed out some of my people.” TJ had so many drivers; he hasn’t driven a fiend around in four months. He had drivers in Kentucky, Dayton, Tennessee, and Louisville. Once his driver’s information was jotted down, he handed it to Key. “What are you gonna do wit that?”
“Don’t worry about that. What up wit you and Toy?”
“We just brought a small three bedroom house in Bondhill. I love that girl, but these ho’s keep tempting me.”
“It’s a’ight to have some fun, but you got to remember who was there before you was up,” Key said.
“Yeah, you right,” Ruby, agreed. “Come to think of it, I need to go meet Kim at the Travellodge. Her head game is so shrewd I can’t leave it alone. That’s ol’ girl I met at In-Town a while back.” He opened Key’s door and got out, “Get at me a little later.”
“A’ight.” Key started his Honda and pulled down Reading Road. His phone appeared in his hand while he focused on the busy traffic. Seven digits later, Dave’s voice sounded across the waves.
“What up?” Dave asked.
“Yo, I need a favor. What hotel are you staying at?”
The Efficiency Inn on Colerain.” I’m on my way there now.”
“A’ight, call me when you get there.” Key closed his phone and tapped it on his steering wheel. I never thought the game would come to this, he thought. But he knew he had to keep his growing operation in order.
~~~~~
Ruby sat across from Kim in his living room. He gulped his shot of straight 151 Bacardi, and then slammed the empty glass on the table. “Why the fuck you keep lying?!” Why you got that lame’s number in your phone?!”
“I know you ain’t trippin, Mr. I can fuck who I want. Why the hell are you going through my phone, anyway? You know somethin’, fuck that, if you knew how to act, I wouldn’t have to go nowhere else.”
“That’s how it is, huh? You been acting funny since I got yo that car.” Ruby’s hands gripped the arm of his leather chair. It took every ounce he had to stop from attacking her. He startled her when he catapulted from his seat. “Bitch, I should beat your ass! Give me my mother fucking keys!”
“Nigga please, I know you ain’t about to put your hands on me. They’ll be the last place they been, and I ain’t giving you shit, that car in my name.” Kim stood up and walked towards the door. “Holla at me when you get some since.”
“Where the fuck you going?!”
“I got to meet my new friend. He definitely knows how to act right.” She walked out the front and slammed the door behind her.
“Fuck you,” Ruby shouted through the closed door. “I got to many ho’ and money to be worried about you.” He felt like a sucker when he heard the powerful 5.0-liter engine come to life, then roar down the street. He picked up the phone and dialed the number he found in her cell.
“Hello?” TJ answered.
Ruby hung up in his ear, then grabbed his keys. When he got in his car, he saw Kim’s new Mustang turning the corner. He hopped in his Maxima and sped down the street after her. Luck was on his side when he turned the corner and found that she was stopped at the light. He stayed a couple cars back, as he followed her all the way to the Travellodge on Central Parkway. While Kim pulled her car around to the back of the building, Ruby parked in the front then made his way through the outside hallway. He leaned against the wall and stuck his head around the corner, hoping to get a glimpse of whom she was meeting.
Kim knocked on room 205’s door and waited. Instant recognition came across Ruby when the dude answered the door, but he couldn’t figure where it came from. It felt like a dagger stabbed him in the chest when the door shut and locked behind her. He made up his mind to do the one thing in order to make things right. He returned to his car and started the engine. His first stop before he went home was the shopping district.
~~~~~
Lione Cruised down Boltwood Lane in his late Camero. Even though he wasn’t alone in the car, a sound couldn’t be heard. He demanded respect from his woman, and that’s all she gave him. Dea knew when to talk and when not to. She realized he would kill her if he ever found out that she stepped out on him for the first time out of the five years they been together, so she dedicated her and her Childs life on keeping her infidelity a deep secret.
Lione parked in front of the building they resided in. Carrying a bag of groceries and followed by Dea and their newborn baby girl, they walked to the front door of their apartment. From behind, you couldn’t tell them apart, because they both had their log dreadlocks tied up with a rubber band. It didn’t help that they were sporting matching trench army fatigue coats.
The first thing Lione did when they entered the apartment was flick the light switch, and was curious of why nothing happened. He cut his hateful bloodshot eyes at Dea. “You pay the electric bill like me told you?” He asked in a heavy Jamaican.
Dea flinched at the tone of his words. She was accustom to him striking her at any giving moment, so she tensed, waiting for the impact that never came. She remembered dropping the money off downtown, she even had the receipt in her purse. “I paid it soon as you gave it to me.”
“So, why me electric not on, Dea?!”
Dea’s hands  franticly moved around in her purse for proof that she handled her business. Relief overwhelmed her as she pulled out a piece of paper. “See, here it is right here.” The receipt waved in his face like the American flag on a windy day.
“Get that rast claud shit out me face!”
Dea timidly followed her mate up the steps, to the small flat they shared. She sat in the living room on the couch and held her small bundle of joy to her breast.
Lione carried the bag of groceries into the kitchen, mad that they didn’t have any electric. He was surprised to find the refrigerator still running. “What the fuck is going on in this rast claud place,” he said, under his breath. He noticed a shadowed under his feet other then his own, but it was too late to react. The cold steel stuck between his locks stopped him cold in his tracks. “What you want wit me, huh?!”
“You know what it is, yo. Lets join your girl in the other room,” the intruder instructed.
Lione followed his orders and slowly walked into the living room, forced to sit on the couch. When his eyes adjusted to the darkness, he noticed a figure squirming on the floor. The intruder twisted a fuse in the box, causing the apartment to light up. Dea was the figure in his sights. She laid gagged and tied up on the floor with their baby propped up on her. He looked up at the man standing in the middle of the floor, wearing a black ski mask and holding a chrome cannon in his hand. “Ok mon, you got me. You can have any-ting, just don’t hurt me family!”
“It’s up to you if they get hurt or not. Let’s get what I came for and if you hold out I wont think twice.
Lione led him to a small vent, in the same room they were stationed. He pulled the face of the wall and started to pull out bundles of green bills. When he emptied all the money, his hand wrapped around the handled of a black forty cal.
The intruder watched every move made by his victim. His agility was too much his Lione’s slow attempt to retaliate. He landed a swift blow across his captor, then dragged him across the carpeted floor to the bedroom and slammed the door. Two muffled shots rang out and then there was silence.
Dea’s eyes bulged in their sockets when she heard the noticeable sound. A feeling of relief and fear surged through her body. Relieved to be free of being Lione’s slave and rag doll and fear for her and her child’s life.
The intruder reentered the living room, dragging a large duffle bag full of weed. He scooped up all the bundles of money but one and stuck them in the bag. After untying Dea, he tossed her the remaining bundle. “Make sure you take care of your shorty, a’ight?”
Dea shook her head in reply. Her fear was overcome with relief when the generous man left. She didn’t want the picture of a corps to hunt her mind, so she waited in the living room for a whole hour before the police showed up.
~~~~~
Toy stood in the marbled floor hallway of Key’s ranch style house. She banged on the bathroom door for the second time. “Open the door , Bon. What do the damn thing say?” 
Nita collapsed on the toilet, as she held the pregnancy test in her claws. The markings on the small stick gave her mixed emotions. “It’s says I’m going to be a mother.” She opened the door and tried hand it to Toy.
“You can keep that, you probably peed all over it.” Toy bent down to look at the stick, then glanced at her cousin. “What the hell you crying for? You should be happy.”
“I just thought I’d be married before I have a baby. Plus we just opened the store and I can’t run it and take care of a baby.”
“Girl, you trippin’. You know I’ll help you with my niece or Nephew You act like it’s the end of the world.”
“We’ll see how it goes,” Nita said.
Key made his entrance thru the garage door, with a lit blunt in his mouth. He opened the refrigerator and poured a glass of grapefruit juice. “Baby, where are you?” He yelled.
“In the bathroom,” Nita replied and tossed the test in the trash in the same beat.
Key joined them by the restroom. “What up Toy? When y’all gonna set up the store?”
“We already did. If you need somebody to work the register, I’m unemployed.”
“That’s up to Nita.” Key tried to pass his girl the blunt, but it was seized by Toy.
“Don’t be giving her no drugs, she can’t─”
“Toy!” Nita bellowed. “Don’t you need to get something from your car?”
“Whatever.” Toy puffed on the blunt, as she headed for the front door.
Key skeptically gazed at her retreating back, and then glanced at Nita with one brow raised. “What’s that all about?”
“I was going to wait til it was official, but since Toy already ran her mouth… Baby, I’m pregnant.” She watched Key’s face to find a reaction. It was so expressionless, she couldn’t read his emotions.
Key ambled off, leaving Nita standing in the hall confused. He entered their bedroom and went straight for his closet. When he turned around, Nita was standing there worried. He held a red velvet box out to her and opened it. Nita covered her eyes, unable to hold back the tears that immediately slid down her cheeks.
“Oh my god, baby,” she mumbled.
“I was going to wait til the right time, but ain’t no time better then the present.” While down on one knee, he looked in her eyes. “Will you be my wife?”
Nita’s eyes refused to leave the four-caret seven-caret diamond, with her birthstone embedded around the band. She was mesmerized by the sight, all she could do was shake her head yes. Key slid the ring on her shaking finger. He made sure the bedroom door was locked, before he escorted her to the bed, where they made passionate love.
Chapter 13
The long flight from Florida took a toll on both, Key and Dave. They dragged their luggage thru the terminal and to the parking garage, where the parked their cars two four days before. Key’s car was the first to come into sight.
Key slid his suitcase into the trunk of his Honda. “Yo, I need you to get close to Maria. See if you can milk information about her uncle. Dude know too much about me and I don’t know anything about him.”
“I got that covered. The way I put it on ol’ girl this weekend, she’ll be willing to tell me anything. You want me to stay in the house down there?”
“Nah, just make frequent visits,” Key, replied. “I might need you to make him disappear, though. I’ll let you know if it comes to that.”
“A’ight, just give me the word.  I’ll get at you later, I’m about to see what’s up wit Ni`chay
~~~~~
Key’s speed odometer ready sixty, his low profile fifty series tires tore down I-Seventy-five, on his way to Walnut Hills. Being though it was seven am, he knew his boy was still sleep, but he dialed TJ’s digits in his cell anyway.
TJ’s voice was weak as he answered the phone. “Yeah?” Out of consideration, he glanced over at Toy, making sure the ringing phone didn’t wake her.
“What up, yo? I know it’s early, but I need you to meet me in Walnut Hills right now.”
“Can it wait til later?”
“Nah, it can’t wait. I need you to be there by seven thirty.” Key gave him the address to where to meet him, before he closed his phone. He drove the remaining fifteen minutes to the building that held one of his apartments, parked across the street and waited.
Fifteen minutes later, TJ pulled his white Cadillac behind Key’s Honda. He dragged his body from his car and flopped down on Key’s passenger seat. “Damn bruh, I was in a coma. Kim wore me out last night, then when I got home, Toy forced me to fuck her.”
Key shook his head, amused at TJ’s naivety. “My bad, but this couldn’t wait.” He reached in his astray and pulled out a blunt stuffed with kine bud. “Here, this’ll wake you up.”
TJ accepted the blunt, and pushed Key’s car lighter in. “I know you didn’t bring me out her to get high, so what’s up.”
“Just watch the door across the street,” Key said. Ten minutes later, they watched Katt exit the building. She was clad in a tan business suit skirt and jacket. Her long black hair was pulled back in a conservative ponytail. TJ checked her out, finding her sexy enough to have a one night stand with, but that would be it. She lost some pounds since the last time Key seen her. Anybody else would just think she was stressing, but Key knew about the dragon on her back.
“Yo, that’s her right there.”
“What about her?” TJ asked.
Key inhaled the sweet smoke, than passed the blunt back to TJ. “Shorties the branch manager at PNC Bank.”
“Ohhhh, I feel you. What’s the deal wit her?”
“I want you to bump into her somehow. She a cokehead, so it should be easy. I need her on the team, to help us wit something I came across this weekend in Florida.”
“She lives in that building?” TJ asked.
“Yeah, apartment 504. When I get it together, I’ll let you and Mimi what’s going on, so get on top of that. We chillin’ on the check game for a while. I got some easier shit for us.”
“What about my drivers? They’ll start getting antsy.”
“You’ll only need three, so pick the ones you trust the most.”
Caymou, Cristi, and Big B, TJ thought. “A’ight, I’m a take care of that.” He opened the door to get out. “You need to get some sleep, you look like you had a long night.”
“Jet lag,” Key replied. “Get at me later.” He started his car and pulled down the street. The only thing on his mind was his pillow top mattress and the warmth of his fiancé’s body. He drove for fifteen minutes, and parked in his two-car garage. He made his way to the master bedroom, where he found Nita snoring nimbly. He kissed her lips ever so gently, sure not to wake her, grabbed a pair of clean boxer shorts and entered the bathroom. Five minutes into his hot shower, he felt soft hands reaching around him and caressing his chest.
“I miss you baby,” Nita said. “Why didn’t you wake me when you came in?”
“I just got here.” Key turned around and kissed her. They washed each other’s backs, and then used expensive terry large terry cloth Armani towels to dry off. “I need to sleep for a couple hours, I couldn’t sleep on the plane. I’ll see you at the store later.” He climbed on the bed and was asleep before Nita could get dressed. She stood there watching her man and thanking the lord for bringing him into her life.
~~~~~
Kim glanced at her reflection in the dingy hotel mirror. She used a hot rag to wipe between her legs, and then dried down there with one of the rough towels the room supplied. With a mind of it’s own, her hand reached in her purse and pulled out the two caret diamond ring. She twirled it between her fingers, watching the large rock reflect rainbow lights across the wall. She told Ruby to learn how to act right, but she wasn’t ready for him take it to that level. With so much going on in her life, she refused to accept his proposal, but promised to think about it.
Kim returned the ring where she kept it, then exited the bathroom and laid on her stomach across the bed. “Boy, you got me walking funny. I told you I never did anal.”
“You’ll be a’ight,” TJ said. “Put some muscle relaxer back there.”
“Whatever TJ. Look, I need to borrow some money, so I can get my Mustang fixed.”
“Here we go again. Your pussy is getting a little too expensive. You luck I got some shit going down that will make me set for life.” He grabbed his pants off the floor and pulled two hundred out. “Your car is brand new, so I know it ain’t for that. I know one thing, you better make this last.”
Kim grabbed the money from his outstretched hand. “Am I included in these plans of yours? You know I’m down for whatever.”
“Nah, but you can help me count and separate the money. I got everything else under control.”
She reached for TJ’s hand and tugged. “Come mer,” she said slyly.
“What you want?”
“Just get over here.” She pulled him on the bed and slipped his limp penis thru his boxer hole. Her tongue teased the head of his man organ, as she watched it grow before her eyes. She knew what he liked, and her mission was to satisfy his needs. The whole time her head bobbed in his lap, her mind was thinking of ways to be part of what he had going on, one way or another.
Her treatment was so god, After TJ shot his fluids in her mouth, and then he curled in the fetal position and dozed off. Kim swallowed his semen, wiped hr mouth off, and fitted her body behind his hoping her mouth was good enough to get her what she wanted.
~~~~~
Key entered his garage through the kitchen. He swung his jean-clad leg across his new toy and started the powerful 992 cc air-cooled L-twin engine of a Ducati 1000 DS. Before he could slide his helmet on, he heard the ringing of his I-phone over the growling monster. The engine was cut off and the phone was answered.
“Baby, you need to come to the store.” Nita’s voice was frantic. “Somebody stole my car.”
“What, when that happen?!”
“I don’t know, I was about to go to lunch and it was gone. What should I do, because I didn’t call the cops yet.”
“Don’t do nothing till I get there, I’m on my way.” Key ended the call and restarted his bike, getting excited from the vibration of the powerful machine. He exited his garage and woke the neighbor as he ripped down the quieted street, causing birds to scatter from their branches. Montana Ave directed him straight to his store in Western Hills Mall. Key parked on the sidewalk in front of Key’s Fashion. He had to weave his way through the steady flow of customers to get to the office in the back. He walked behind the cashier’s counter and kissed Toy on the cheek.
“Eww Key, don’t be kissing me, I don’t know where your lips been,” Toy complained, as she rang up a sale.
Key instantly thought about a while back at Mimi’s house. He shook the memory from his mind. “Where else but your cousin. Where she, in the back?”
“Yeah, she back there moping about her hoopti being jacked.”
Key found Nita in the office, sitting behind her desk. “You a’ight, boo?”
“No, not really. I wouldn’t imagine somebody stealing that car. I meant to tell you that somebody keep calling the house and hanging up.”
“Did you dial star sixty nine?”
“Yeah, but it’s blocked.”
“It must be somebody you know, because I didn’t give nobody our house number.”
“You sure it ain’t one of your old ho’s playing on the phone?” Key gave her the, don’t get started look. “Anyway, what are we going to do about my car? I was going to call the cops, but I didn’t want them in our business.”
“Don’t worry about it, I left something in the lot for you.” He tossed her a two and a half inch black rectangle with the BMW symbol in the middle. There was a small black box attached to it that had a LCD screen on it. When activated, it showed the inside, rear and whatever was in front of the vehicle.
“You took my car,” Nita said. “Why’d you have me thinking it was stolen?”
Key thought her reaction was humorous. “I couldn’t have both of my babies riding in a hoopti. That wouldn’t be safe. Go check it out.” Nita got out her chair and kissed him. When she left the office, he sat behind her desk and dialed Mimi’s number.
“Yeah?” Mimi answered.
“What up, baby girl? I need you to contact TJ and y’all meet me at the spot in twenty minutes.”
“Ok baby, I’ll see you then.”
Key ended the call and left the office. He stood next to Toy at the cashiers counter and watched the flow of consumers searching for something to fulfill their needs. “Has it been like this all morning?”
“Since we opened,” Toy replied. “There were actually people standing out there waiting for us to show up.”
“Damn. I’m glad I got another shipment coming in on Friday.” Key walked thru the store and out to the parking lot. He found Nita climbing around in the 4.9 BMW X5 he bought her. She was fascinated by the size. “Do you like it?”
“Baby, I never drove anything this big. I love it, but you could have got me a car.”
“It handles like a car. Trust me, you’ll get use to it.”
Nita climbed down from the sporty SUV and wrapped her arms around his neck. “You know I love you, right.” She kissed him then climbed back in her new ride and fidgeted around like a big kid with a new toy.
“I got to handle some stuff, so I’ll be back a little later.” Key hopped on his bike, started it and peeled out the lot. He sped down the interstate, over the double layer bridge into Kentucky, passed Willies Sports Bar, and parked in Jillian’s parking lot. He greeted the familiar employees, as he made his way thru the multipurpose building. When he reached his destination, Mimi and TJ was already they’re waiting for him. “Y’all got here fast.”
“I was right around the corner, on Greenup,” TJ replied. “I got some good news. I been kickin’ it with ol’ girl all week. She’ll do anything for that powder.”
“That’s good. Now we can get this thing rolling.”
“What do we got planned,” Mimi asked.
“This is the deal. TJ, I need you to open six business accounts at PNC Bank. Do you still have a driver in Louisville?”
“Yeah, I still got Cristi. Why?”
“I want you to open two down there, two in Indiana, and Tennessee. Make sure the accounts are able to transfer money. After a week, send them in to withdraw two hundred thousand apiece in travelers checks.”
“Damn. Are you sure that’s not to much?” TJ asked.
That’s what Katt’s for. Her bank holds the central office. The banks in them cities will contact her and she’ll authorize the withdraw. You got to make sure she understands everything that going down.”
“What should I do,” Mimi asked.
“What your good for, Id’s,” TJ said.
“Nobody asked you, TJ!”
“Yo, what’s wrong wit y’all?” Key interjected. “I need you to supply the Id’s.” As soon as the words left his mouth, TJ gave Mimi a, I told you so look. “How’s things going with Nett?”
“Everything’s sweet. I wonder why she keep asking me to come down and chill wit her for a weekend.”
“That’s not a bad… Nah scratch that, knowing Nett, she’ll steal you from me.”
Mimi read between the lines. “I didn’t know she went that way.”
“Lets just say, she’ll love you, but just keep it professional.”
“Yeah, ok.”
Key reached in his pocket and pulled a stack of bills. “This is for the accounts.” He handed the money to TJ.
“You now I got money,” TJ said. “Why don’t you ever ask me to just open the accounts?”
Key glanced at Mimi and nodded his head. She caught the gesture, grabbed her purse and stood up. “I’ll let you men talk. Get wit me for the Id’s later, TJ.” She left them to their conversation.
Key waited until she was out of earshot before he spoke. “Bruh, I use my own money because that way, I can dictate my own cut. What were doing now is handling money that belong to some powerful people. I feel your ready to be that man, so after I teach you everything I know, I’ll step down.”
TJ was all for taking over. Just thinking about the money he would be making made his mouth water. “I’m wit that, but what’s the deal?”
Key reclined in his chair and sighed. “I feel I made enough money in this game. It’s time for me to retire, feel me.” Plus Nita’s about to drop one.”
“Damn bruh, congratulations. Just show me the rope and introduce me to you connect. I’ll take it from there.”
“TJ listen, when you deal with these people, you got to be on top of your game. Try to stay a step ahead of everybody and don’t fuck wit their money. I’ll be taking a small percentage to keep a little money coming in. If you need help, you can come holla at me.”
“A’ight bruh. Just let me know the deal. I’m ready when you are.”
Key hoped TJ’s infatuation with the female body wont block his thinking process. He looked into his boys eyes and seen the soul of a man with ambition. For TJ’s sake, it had to be enough to handle what was being handed down to him. 
~~~~~
Tim walked down Broadway, one hand was at his waist and the other was in his pocket, caressing the small single wrapped off whit rocks he carried. He knew Brick was still looking for him, something deep down in his spirit refused to let another man stop his hustle. He was startled by the sound of his name shouted from a crispy new black Benz 500. His knuckles turned whit, as he gripped the small twenty-two in his waist.
Brian stuck his head out the window and waived him over. “Let me holla at you, Tim.”
Tim opened the passenger door and slid across the soft black leather. “What up Big B?” His eyes roamed around the plush interior. “This shits fresh.”
“Fuck all that. What’s up wit what I heard about you running around the hood in your drawers. You out here poppin’ that X like the rest of these fools? You know that shit ain’t nothing but hard drugs mixed with acid.”
“Nah B. Brick pulled a gun on me because I owe him a couple stacks. He made me strip up on thirteenth. He gonna get his for that, tho.”
Brian already knew what went down around the corner. When Brick moved back downtown, he gave the whole block discount prices, taking money out of Brian’s pockets. He felt this was his chance to get rid of him. “Why the fuck you hustlin’ for that off brand fool, anyway?”
“You wouldn’t front me nothing, so I had to find another connect.”
“So you saying that, that shit happen to you was my fought.” Brian was trying to get in his head. He knew the young boys would do anything to protect their pride. He looked at Tim from the corner of his eyes. “I wonder why Lil Moe still running around here strong arming catts for their pack?”
“He gonna get his too. I just ain’t got to it yet.”
“Man, youngin’s out here think you soft,” Brian said. “If you don’t handle that shit ASAP, they gonna start taking your shit too.”
“That ain’t never gonna happen.” Tim reached in his waist and pulled out his twenty-two. With the velocity of a smaller man, Brian snatched the gun clean from his hand.
“What the fuck you gonna laid down wit this toy. You can’t even keep this little shit in your hand.” He put the small pistol in his pocket then reached under the seat and pulled out a forty five automatic, wiped it clean with a rag, and handed it to Tim. “If you gonna do something, do it right.”
Tim twirled the much bigger gun in his hand, amazed by the size of it. “Hell yeah, I can do some damage wit this.”
“Aye Tim, I ain’t give you that for nothing, that mother-fucka right there ain’t cheap. You better do something wit it.”
“Fo sure.” Tim opened the door and stepped out the car. He leaned in the window before walking off. “Aye B, when this shit is over, we gonna be running these streets.”
Nah little dude, your just a pawn in my world. After it goes down, you got to go to. I hear you. We’ll make that happen.”
~~~~~
Brick was reclined in his Rang Rover, enjoying the stroking of the mouth wrapped around his extended penis. His leg muscles tightened as a load of semen shot into the girls mouth. He pulled her head from his lap, wiped himself clean, hen zipped up his pants. The girl pulled some tissue from her purse to clean around her mouth. She applied berry lip-gloss to her voluptuous lips and then turned her attention to brick.
“I got another lick for you, but this time I want half,” she said.
“Do it look like I need to do that shit anymore?
“For real Brick. I’m dating this dude whose about to come into a lot a cash. Over six digits. All I know is, it’s only going to be me, him, and that money.”
Bricks ears perked up like a dog, when he heard the amount. All the other licks she put him on with was legit. “Tell me more.”
“I’ll call you the when I know when it’s going down. You got to make sure he don’t know I know you. Make it look real.”
“That ain’t no problem, but it better be worth it.”
“Don’t worry, it’s enough money to get us both out of this thirsty ass city.
Chapter 14
Detective O’Malley sat his large three hundred plus frame behind the metal desk in his office. He scanned over a file labeled Larkus Jackson. Check fraud, writing bad checks, and DUI, O’Malley thought, as he read the sheets. He figured the criminals recorded fit the description, but something told him that this man wasn’t smart enough to be the kingpin of the check ring that flooded Cincinnati. For the last six months, he been assigned boy the Captain to figure out what was going on and find a way to stop it. He finally got a break when a girl got caught cashing a check. He had he on tap stating that she witness Mr. Jackson printing checks in his home. The statement was enough to get him a search warrant. 
O’Malley squeezed from behind his desk, in search for his partner. He found him in the cafeteria about to take a bit of a ham and cheese sandwich from the vendor. O’Malley snatched the food clean from his grips and champed down,  making half disappear. He chewed what was in his mouth then set what was left back on his partners tray.
“What the fuck,” Gaylor snapped as he looked down at his half eaten sandwich. His appetite was gone, as he looked up at his sloppy partner. You fuckin’ pig.
“Hurry up and finish that sandwich, so we can go pick up this warrant.”
Gaylor slid the food in the trash then glanced at his watch. “What warrant? It’s eleven pm, the judge is probably in bed.”
“I already talked to him,” O’Malley lied. “Were going to his house right now, so grabbed your shit and meet me in the car.” He left the room and head for their unmarked car. As he waited for his partner, he scanned over the file again, trying to come up with the proposal for the warrant.
Gaylor finally joined him. O’Malley didn’t give him enough tom to shut the passenger door, before the car was pulling out the lot. “Why would the judge want us to come to his house? This is a first for me.” 
“That’s why I’m up for promotion and your not. I take charge of stuff, while you sit back and wait for it to come to you. When you receive a good lead, you can’t wait around for some fat ass judge to do their job. You got to move as soon as possible to get ahead.”
Gaylor figured out that this was a random visit to the judges house. As his partner continued on about how to do his job, Gaylor sat silently, as they drove down Reading road. O’Malley pulled in front of Judge Cohen’s house and parked.
“Stay right here, I’ll be right back.” When O’malley exited the car the springs sighed as they raised the car to its normal height. he walked to the front door and knocked.
Cohen opened the door wearing striped blue and white pajamas. “What are you doing here, O’Malley?!”
“I got a lead on the check cashing ring I’m investigating. I need you to sign off on this warrant.” He handed the judge a set of papers.
“Cohen removed his glasses from his shirt pocket. “Why couldn’t this wait till morning?”
“Because sir, I don’t want this one getting away. He might decide to up and move his computer.”
“Damn you O’Malley, I don’t care what kind of lead you got, don’t never again think about showing up at my house. You know my office hours, use them!” He signed the papers and shoved them at the detective.
“It’ll be the last time, sir,” O’Malley said, as he accepted the papers. He returned to the car and squeezed behind the wheel. He handed the signed papers to his partner. “That’s how you get things done.” He put the car in drive and pulled from the curb. Ten minutes later, they parked in font of a yellow two-story house on Denham Street.
“Don’t look like anybody’s home,” Gaylor stated. They approached the house and knocked. After waiting ten minutes, they decided to return to their car. 
O’Malley put the car in reverse and backed up. “I’ll park behind this car until somebody comes home.”
Gaylor wasn’t felling a stake out. He wanted to be home early to his family. “How long are we planning to watch this house?”
“Like I just said, until somebody shows up,” O’Malley replied.
“I was just asking, because I told the wife I’ll be home early tonight.”
O’malley shifted his large frame in his seat, directing his piercing eyes on his partner. “If you ever want to move up in ranks, you better start making sacrifices. Look at me, I lost my wife and my daughter, but I’m about to make captain.”
Yeah, you I don’t want to be like, Gaylor thought. “Your right O’Malley, lets get this guy,” He retorted sarcastically.
~~~~~
Key parked his M6 next to Toy’s car, in his driveway. He reclined in his seat and dialed TJ’s number on his cell. After four rings, he was going to give up on the call, until he heard a groggy voice. “Sound like you were sleep.”
“Nah.” TJ said.  “What up Key?”
“Yo, you know your girl been staying at my crib. What up wit that?”
“Man, she saw me in the car with this girl, Kim. She tried to call my cell after she seen me, but I didn’t answer. I haven’t seen her after that.”
“I told you bruh. I understand you’re a man and we all cheat, but you can’t be making wifey mad. Ain’t nobody gonna watch your back like your girl. Once she stop trusting you, you better off looking at her like these kats on the streets.”
“I know Key, but she won’t even answer her phone.”
“Don’t worry about it, I’ll talk to her. You need to suck up to her once she comes home. When you take over, we need her to love you.”
“A’ight Key, good lookin’.”
Key ended the call and exited his car. His first stop in his house was one of the house spare bedrooms. “What up Toy?”
Toy sat on the edge of the bed. “Hi Key, thanks for letting me stay here. Cuz’s is in y’all room, sleeping.”
“I know, I need to holla at you, tho.” Key sat next to her on the bed. “Before you replied just hear me out. I just talked to TJ on the phone. I think y’all should work this problem out.”
“You know something, Key, I ain’t on his shit, and don’t worry about me being here. I’m looking for my own place now, so I can be out of you and Nita’s hair.”
“It ain’t even about that. I just want to give him a chance to change. Look, I’m planning to open a second store on Short Vine. I want you to run it, but you got to promise to try and work it out with him.”
“Is this suppose to be a bribe?” Toy thought about the opportunity to manage her own store. She loved TJ, but she hated his infidelity. “All right, I’ll give him one more chance.”
“That’s all I ask.” He kissed her cheek then headed for the bedroom he shared with his fiancé. He stood over the bed and watched her large chest rise with every breath. 
Nita’s eyes opened with the feeling somebody was standing over her. “Hi boo. How long have you been standing there?”
“I just got here. Sit up for a minute, I need to give you something.” Key pulled out his pocket a small eighteen inch platinum rope with a platinum safety deposit key dangling from it. He latched it around Nita’s neck.
She held the small key in her palm. “I like it, but what does it go to?”
“I opened a safety deposit box in my name, with you and our child being the sole beneficiary. There’s enough money in there to take care the both of y’all incase something happens to me.”
“Baby your scaring me.” Nita said with a agonized voice.  “What do you mean if something happens to you, what’s going on?” 
“Nothing, I just want y’all to be secured. You never know what tomorrow brings. I told Toy about the store. She agreed to manage it.”
“That’s good.” Nita handled the key again. “Sooo, um, just about how much is stored in this box?”
“Enough for y’all to live good for a long time.”
“It don’t matter, because ain’t nothing happening to my baby.” She pulled his face next to hers and kissed his lips. The ringing of the house line interrupted their intimacy. Nita grabbed the phone off its cradle. “Hello?”
Click…
She looked at the phone then slammed it down. “I’m tired of people hanging up in my ear,” she exclaimed.
“Get the number changed and make sure it’s unlisted. Give your friends your cell number.” Key tapped his pocket and remembered the package he forgot to drop off. He kissed Nita one more time. “I’ll be back, I got to drop something off.”
“Ok baby, hurry up back.”
Key kissed her again then left the house. He drove his M6 down Montana Ave and took President all the way to Fairmount. He had an uneasy feeling as he drove down Denham Street. Against his better judgment, he stopped in front of Ruby’s house and knocked. The feeling got stronger as he waited for an answer. He walked around to the basement window and slid the package of fake Id’s in. he returned back to his car and pulled down the street, unaware that he was just marked as someone of interest by the two eyes watching Ruby’s house.
~~~~~
Toy sat nonchalantly at a table at TGIF, with her hands in her laps and her attention directed everywhere but across the table. Her eyes finally landed on TJ. “So you got me here, what do you got to say?”
TJ chewed his thumb nail, trying to organize his words. He felt the best way to go was the truth. “Baby, you caught me. I’m sorry for putting you in this situation. I don’t love them other girls, I love you.”
Damn, how many did you cheat with. “Sorry didn’t do it. You need to come better than that.”
“I just want us to start over. I promise you won’t see with or around another girl. I’m about to make things happen for us and I need you by my side.”
Toy seen right pass his lies. Yeah, as long as I don’t see you, you think it’s all right. “I don’t know TJ, you got to prove to me that you can be faithful. You just brought a Ford Explorer to show off for them other girls.”
“There ain’t no other girls.” He pulled the Keys from his pocket and slid them across the table. “The trucks yours. I got to say I’m sorry.” 
She fingered the keys with a unenthusiastic expression. TJ knew the present failed to do its job. “This is suppose to bye my forgiveness? What do you do, anyway?” She sipped her drink, her eyes never leaving his.
“Look, right now I can’t talk about that, but I’ll tell you when the time is right.”
“So say you’re serious about us, but you can’t tell me what you do. How can I start to trust you?”
“I can’t because it will compromise the people I deal with. Once we get married and settle down, I’ll explained everything.”
Toy almost choked on her drink. Her eyes enlarged in their socket. She loved him, but marriage was the last thing on her mind. Her lips pressed firm together and she shook her head. 
After a joyful meal, they left the restaurant and climbed in Toy’s new SUV, oblivious to the white four door med size sedan that been following TJ for the last two weeks. As Toy maneuvered the truck out the lot, the car didn’t hesitate to follow suit. Neither occupants new the negative affect the person in the car would have on their life.
Chapter 15
Collecting money was TJ’s favorite part of his job. His hands started to itch, as he drove the finally ten minutes to Louisville Kentucky. After exiting the highway, his car maneuvered down Twenty-eight Street and parked in front of a one-story white stucco house. The evidence of kids was sprawled across the yard, as a tactic to give the oppression that it was a family house. TJ kicked a tricycle out his way on his way up the three steps to the porch. He knocked and waited.
A medium height brown skinned girl name Christi answered the door. Her short black hair was slicked down on her head resembling a wrap. The small gap between her two front teeth and her deep dimples, gave a smile that would brighten any mans day. Her face wasn’t the cutest, but her body was perfectly proportioned. She leaned her slender shoulder on the opened door and showed TJ her memorizing smile. “Hi, TJ. Come in.”
TJ walked pass her into the house and made his self-comfortable on the couch. Right after Key rescued him from the slumps, he met Christi in a strip club in Kentucky. After he really got to know her, he found out she was self motivating and reliant. He found her a house in Louisville and gave her a job. She was making good stripping money, but after she met TJ, her income more then tripled.
TJ watched as she locked all three locks on the door, then sashayed over to him and sat on his lap. He was turned on by the feeling of her skin underneath the thin silk pajamas she wore, but all he was there for was to collect his money and return back to the hotel room. All day he went over in his head about how he was going to tell Kim that he had to cut her off after today.
Christi put her soft lips next to his ear. “Are you only here for business, or can I get some of this?” She slid her had down his leg and cupped his package. 
“I would but I’m in a rush, baby. I promise to spend some time with you this weekend.” TJ was cool with keeping her on his team, for business and pleasure. She knew he had a girl and she respected it. As long as he spent one weekend out of each month with her.
Christi hopped up and swayed her hips to the back room. She returned with a bag full of traveler checks. She handed it to him and took her place on the couch. “I guess getting my rocks off is out of the question,” she said, disappointed.
“I’m just on a mission today, sorry. How much is here?”
“They took out a total of two hundred and twenty five thousand apiece. I paid them with my money like you said.”
“A’ight, cool.” He counted out fifteen thousand from his stash and handed it to her, then gave her a kiss. “Do you still got that gun I gave you?”
“Yeah.”
TJ grabbed the bag and stood up. “I’ll call you tomorrow to see what’s up. Try to stay home for a couple days, a’ight.”
“Ok TJ, see you.”
TJ made sure she locked the door behind him. Once the bag was secure under the tire in his trunk, he hopped in his car and pulled from Christi. He drove down Broadway and found the road to take him back to the highway. One down and three to go, he thought, as he pulled out his phone and dialed Kim’s number.
“Hi TJ,” Kim answered, after seeing his number on her caller Id.
“Hey, make sure you meet me at the room tonight. We need to discuss something. Be there by seven.”
“Ok,” Kim replied.
He ended the call and drove the hour and fifteen minutes back to Cincinnati, staying on the highway after he entered the city. When the Paddock Road exit came up, he took it, made three different turns and parked in front of Caymou’s house. He rang the bell and was shocked to see the person who answered. 
“You look surprised to see me,” Ni`chay said.
“I thought you were still locked up.”
Ni`chay is Caymou’s girl/baby moma. She and TJ had an affair after she walked in on Caymou in some random girl. After giving TJ the best sex he ever experienced, She explained to him that there was still love between her and her man and there time together was a tactic to get revenge. Every time TJ crosses her path, he remembers the special night they sheared.
“I got out last week. Come in, let me get Mou for you.” She left the room, sending butterflies though TJ’s stomach with her sassy strut. All he could do is reminisce about their past.
Caymou entered the living room hauling a black bag. He handed it to TJ then sat in his chair. Ni`chay followed behind him, wearing short hills and a medium length black skirt. She sat next to her man and crossed her legs, giving TJ a tasteful view of her smooth thighs. While TJ was checking the contents of the bag, he glanced up, caught strong eye contact, and had mutual thoughts with Ni`chay. 
Caymou caught the exchange. He looked at his girl, then TJ. “Is there something y’all know that I don’t?”
TJ zipped the bag closed and looked at Caymou. “What are you talking about, Bruh?”
“I’m saying, y’all looking at each other like y’all got secrets.”
“Boy, that weed got you trippin’,” Ni`chay injected.
TJ grabbed the bag and stood up. “It looks like it’s all here.” He handed him a wad of money then headed for the door. He was ready to leave before something went down. “I’ll call you when were ready again.”
“Yeah, you do that.” Caymou’s eyes drilled the back of TJ’s head. “Next time we hook up, I’ll meet you somewhere.”
“A’ight.” Subsequent to the door being shut, TJ heard loud shouting between the two. He laughed at the commotion he caused, while the bag was added to his trunk. TJ dialed his cousins number and told him he was on the way.  
~~~~~
As the white Cadillac disappeared around the corner, Ruby pulled in its vacant parking space. He got out his white four door Maxima and used his long legs to cover the short distance from the street to the front porch of a white one-story stucco house, thumping his toe on a red tricycle. He made it to the front door and knocked.
Christi heard the loud banging on her door while she was in the shower. I knew TJ would change his mind, she thought, as two fingers slipped from the folds between her legs. She grabbed a terry cloth robe and rushed to the front door. “Who is it?”
“TJ sent me to grabbed his I-phone,” Ruby replied through the door. A couple weeks ago, Ruby figured out where he knew the man who was in his way. He recalled the night that him and Kim were at the club together, but at the end of the night, she wasn’t anywhere to be found. He remembered when TJ approached the table and told Key he was leaving with some dark skinned girl. After Kim turned down his proposal, he decided to take his anger out on TJ.
“Hold on, let me look for it.” Christi searched the spot where TJ was sitting, coming up empty. She know he didn’t move from there, but she check all around her house, anyway. “I don’t see it, tell TJ to come look for it.”
“He’s waiting for me with the car running. Let me see if I can find it.”
Against her better judgment, she unlatched the three locks and paid for her dumbness when the door was kicked in her face. He robe flew open as her buttocks flopped on the floor.
Ruby entered the house and locked the door behind him. He pulled out a small twenty-two and pointed it at her naked body. “Get the fuck up trick! Who else is here?!”
“Nobody!” Christi tried to close her robe as she rose off the floor. He vision was blurred from the gash over her right eye, caused by the door.
“Nah, take that shit off. I want to make sure you don’t have any weapons on you.” What he really was doing was admiring her body. “I know you got some stacks up in here. You’ll survive if you don’t lie. It would be a shame to murder something so sexy.”
Christi wiped the blood from her eye to get a good look at her attacker. “If you knew who you were robbing, you wouldn’t be here.” After the words left her mouth, she figured he did know, because he used TJ’s name to gain entry.
“I don’t give a fuck who I’m robbing.” He raised his gun to strike her, making her coward to the floor. The fear he put in her gave him a since of power. If she really knew him, she would have held out and got away with her life.
“Ok, ok, it’s in my safe.” She gave in, apparently not knowing he wasn’t dangerous at all. Her naked casing lead him to her bedroom, where she had a safe bolted to the floor of her closet. She entered the six-digit combination and opened it.
While she squatted on her hunches, Ruby had a view of the chunky meet between her thighs. “Damn girl, on different circumstances, I would tare that ass up.”
Thinking that he gave her a widow to use her body to relieve her of her current situation, she stood up and arched her back. “Why cant me make this a different circumstance?”
“Bitch, if you don’t back up! You think I’m stupid?!” he pushed her to the floor and tossed  a five-gallon trash bag at her. “Fill that shit up!”
She started to empty her safe. When all the money was in the bag, she noticed the gun that TJ gave her. Her had wrapped around the soft handle of the revolver and as soon as she pulled it out, the end of his barrow was against her head. She dropped the gun and put her hands up. “I’m sorry. I---”
“It’s to late for that.” Ruby struck her unconscious to the floor. He pulled some strings from a pair of her shoes and made sure she was secure. He took his time searching her house, finding expensive jewelry and some more loose cash in her pant drawer. Satisfied with his loot, he left, leaving her tied on the bedroom floor.
~~~~~
The empty space on Vine Street was the perfect size the second Key’s Fashion. Key walked in the back of the store, where he planned to arrange Toy’s office. His phone rang while he mentally measured the space. “Yo?”
“What up, Key?” TJ asked. “I’ll be ready around nine. Meet me at the Travelodge, room 205.”
“A’ight. Yo, I’m taking you to Florida with me this weekend. I want you to meet the man. We’ll talk more about it tonight.”
“That’s what’s up.”
Key ended his call, then locked up the empty store. He started his bike, slid a pair of eleven hundred dollar Paco Rabanne glasses over his eyes and sped out the lot. His 310 Motor boots jerked the gears as he tore up the highway, on his way to Walnut Hills. Once in front of his building, the sidewalk was where the Ducati was parked and he made his way up the elevator. Katt must have picked up his scent, because as soon as the elevator door opened, she shot into the hallway. Key took in her appearance and instantly knew she traded in her straw for the needle. The way her usually voluptuous cheeks were sunk in, he figured she was doing something more then sniffing.
“Hi Key. Can we chat for a minute?”
“Not now Katt, I’m busy,” Key replied.
“Please!” She pleaded; resembling one of the fiends, he uses to watch his uncle serve. “It’ll only take a minute.”
Damn, I ain’t got time for this shit. “You have five minutes.” When he entered her apartment, his prediction was confirmed. The sight before him made him sick to the stomach. Her apartment wasn’t the clean fresh smelling abode he was accustom to. Clothes and dirty dishes was strewed everywhere. Key noticed that her glass coffee table was littered with white powder. “Damn, what happen in here?” And to you, he thought.
“I haven’t had time to clean. Have a seat.” She gathered the clothes that covered one of her chairs, and tossed them on the floor.
Key frowned at her offer. “Nah, I’m cool. What’s on your mind, tho?”
Katt sat down and rubbed her shaky hands together. “I’m involved in some deep shit. I met this guy and he trick me into authorizing large withdraws from different business accounts. Now the F.B.I. is investigating my branch.
Key’s third eye was running, as he listened to her gust being spilled. He felt the paranoia within her and figured she wasn’t strong enough to keep her mouth shut. He shrugged his shoulders, as he didn’t care. “So, what is it you want me to tell you?”
“I don’t know, Key. I just thought you could give me some advice on what to do. I’m not built to do time.”
That was all Key needed to hear. He walked over to here and kneeled down. “All I can tell you is keep your mouth shut. If your dealing wit the wrong sort of people, you might end up missing. I don’t want to see that happen to you.” Key glanced at the residue on the table. “You need to leave this shit alone and get your mind right. People don’t think straight when they’re
 high.” Tears started to roll down her cheek, when he stood up and backed toward the door. 
“Thank you, Key.”
Key nodded his head then exited her apartment. On his way to his door, he dialed Dave’s number. “Yo meet me at the store in an hour. I got some work.”
“Dinero?” Dave asked.
“Nah, not yet.”
“A’ight bruh, I’ll be there.”
Key flopped down on his couch and banged his fist down. He realized that the paper game was no different from the game his uncle was deep in. Money brings all types of drama and he was smack in the heart of it.
~~~~~
The spare bed in room 205 was covered with travelers checks. After Kim and TJ counted it, the total came to 1.5 million. They sat on the opposite bed staring at the neat stacks. Key told TJ to get traveler checks because they were untraceable.
Kim’s mouth watered. “Damn, that’s a lot of money. How much is yours?”
“Don’t worry about that.” Key grabbed two of the bags and separated his money from the rest. “You got to bounce before my dude get here.”
“I thought you wanted to talk to me about somethin’.”
“Oh yeah, I don’t know how you’re going to take this, but we need to chill out.” TJ had his back to her, so he didn’t noticed the murderous expression across her face. “My girl seen me in the car with you, and that shit wasn’t cool.”
“I think that’s some bullshit, TJ! You gonna tell me this shit now!”
He turned and toward over her short frame. “I mean, you can’t be surprise.” He slid the two bags under the bed. “You knew this would come to an end sooner or later.”
Kim was feeling guilty for the choice she made, but the words that came from TJ’s mouth, wiped her guilt clean. “Well, at least can I get a good bye fuck?” she stood up an slid off her attire, not giving him a chance to reply. The confidence within her wouldn’t believe that any man would turn down her exposed body. She pushed him on the bed, unbuckled his jeans and pulled them off. She used her special lips to bring an erection, before her body was positioned above him, ready to endure their last sexual encounter.
All TJ could see was the back of her head and her hips, which swiveled on his man hood. The warmth of his penises home at the time being told him what he was giving up. Kim’s proficient sexuality was like heroin to a fiend, but Toy was rehab enough to help him go cold turkey. He lay there enjoying the potent drug for the last time. TJ shoved his hips up to their limit and shot a heavy load of his creamy fluid into the condom he wore. His next moved was to head for the bathroom, then get rid of her, so he shoved her to the side and started his plan.
Kim took the opportunity to pick up the phone and dialed seven digits. “Yeah, everything’s ready… Ok, I’ll unlock it.” She closed her cell phone, and then lit a long Newport 100. She moved quickly to the door, unlatched it, and then returned to her spot.
TJ had a quick shower, enough to wash Kim’s stench of him for the last time. He finished, and then entered the room to get dress. “You ain’t dress yet?!” He glanced at his watch. “I told you, you had to be gone before my dude get here.” His jeans were half way up his hips when the front door banged open. “What the fuck?!” An intruder entered the room holding a chrome forty-five. TJ’s instincts told him to dive under the bed and grabbed his gun, but the fear within him caused his body to freeze. He stared at the man holding the cannon, then at Kim. “What goin’ on Kim?”
Kim moved closer to TJ. “I don’t know what’s­ goin’ on.”
“Shut up, bitch!” The intruder raised his gun and brought it down on Kim’s temple. Her body flew between the two beds and landed on the floor. TJ took the opportunity to launch at the man’s gun hand. They struggled on the floor until TJ was overpowered. He was awarded a swift blow to his jaw line for his act of bravery.
“You try that shit again, and it’s curtains!” The intruder grabbed TJ by the collar. “You got five seconds to tell me where that money at,” he snarled. A quick glimpse at Kim told him where the stash was, as her eyes were focused under the bed. He unhanded TJ, reached under the bed and grabbed one of the two bags. When he opened it, the expression on his face let Kim know that he was incensed that it was full of traveler checks instead of cash. He closed up the bag and carried it out the room anyway.
After the intruder left, TJ instantly dived under the bed and grabbed the remaining bag. When he opened it, his world seemed to come to a standstill. “Damn, Key’s money!” He grumbled. He knew Key was his boy, but once witnessing Lione murder on the news, he realized Key was more than what he thought. His piecing eye's turned on Kim, before he grabbed her by the neck and squeezed. “Bitch, I swear on everything I love, if you had something to do wit this, I’m a kill you!”
“Auckkkkkkk!” Kim struggled with the tight grip around her neck. Her windpipe was completely cut off. “Get off me TJ, I can’t breathe!” She murmured. “I don’t know dude!”
TJ looked into her face and couldn’t tell if she was lying or not. He loosened his grip and placed his head in his hand. “I advise you to get dress in go!” His voice was low and steady, but Kim could feel the anger in it. 
Kim got off the floor and started to throw her clothes on. On her way out the door, after all the commotion that went on, Key’s name was still stuck in her mind. Now she knew where all that money came from. She exited the room with a smile on her face.
TJ sat on one of the unmade beds and dialed Key’s number. “Hey Key, I just got robbed… A’ight, I’ll be here.” With instructions to stay put, TJ laid back and thought about what he could do. He figured he had a little money put up, but nowhere near 1.2 million. Thinking of Key’s connect in Florida, he started to visualize what could happen to him if he didn’t come up with that money.   
~~~~~
Some of the best dope in Cincinnati was down on Walnut. Tim was on the block hustling since seven that morning. Word got around town that he had something that made the fiends flock from all over to copp from him. He just squatted on a stoop after serving a middle age woman, carrying a child. It was funny how a mother could bring her baby on the block to buy drugs, but he didn’t care, because money was money. With a stack of his own and enough to pay Brick the money he owed him, Tim leaned back on the building and sparked the blunt he had in his ear.
“Yo watch your pack,” one of the young dealers said, “here come Lil Moe.”
Tim never got the chance to inhale his weed. He put it out on the steps and stood up. He thought about walking off in the opposite direction like the rest of the dealers that new what Lil Moe was about, but he thought about what Big B told him and the gun in his waist made him feel courageous.
Lil Moe sauntered up and situated in front of Tim. He gazed down at him, trying to use his size to coerce the smaller man. “I heard you got that shit, shit. I need something, let me holla at you in the alley.”
“You better have money,” Tim said, without fear.
“Yeah little man, I got money,” Moe replied, knowing his real intentions. He followed Tim into the alley, not knowing what his future held. Once they were a nice distance from the street, Moe swung a right, catching Tim behind the ear, dropping him to the trash scattered cement. He stood over him with the determination of a dope fiend. “Don’t make me hit you again, lil nigga!”
With the agility of a scared cat, Tim pulled out the forty five Big B gave him and unloaded half the clip into Moe’s chest and abdomen, the force from the bullets flung his body against the alley wall. “I told you to stop fucking wit me!” Tim snapped, as he let off another shot into his torso. He stood over Moe’s body and watched the life being sucked from it. “Look at your dope fiend ass now.” With the new taste of blood in his mouth, his hidden murderess demon was set loose. At that instant, he decided that the money he owed Brick was his now, and to do what he had to do. He left the alley feeling like a soldier. As he was walking up Thirteenth Street, pass main, he heard seven rapid shots from an automatic gun, then a black on black Lexus sitting on blades speeding down the street. The car stop beside Tim and the occupant lifted what looked like a tech nine with the barrow pointed at him. Tim stood there, starring at death. A life for a life, he figured, ready for his life to be ended.
The bell at Performance Arts School rang, sending a cluster of kids into its front yard. The guy in the black Lexus dropped the gun in his lap, winked at Tim, and sped through the red light. Tim looked up the sky and mouthed the words thank you, then decided he would handle his business with Brick another time.   
~~~~~
Brick got out the shower at the Efficiency Inn and dried of with one of the cheap towels. After wrapping it around his waist, he grabbed his gun off the sink and entered the spacious hotel room. His arm shot up like a gunslinger, when he noticed a slight movement on the queen size bed.
“So, you gonna shoot me now?” Kim asked, as she lay sprawled across the bed, buck-naked. “You already left a scar on my face earlier.”
“Bitch, you better announce yourself next time! You almost got blasted!” Bricks eyes roamed over her dark chocolate skin. “Where the fuck is your clothes?”
“I figured we could do a little somethin’ somethin’ before we split up.”
“Yeah, after yo’ triflin’ ass take a shower.” When Kim hopped off the bed, Brick slapped her large dark backside as she walked pass. “Hurry up.” While she was in the shower, he took the bag of money and locked it in a cabinet, and then picked up the phone and dialed seven digits.
“Yo?” Somebody answered.
“She here… A’ight cool.” Brick ended the call then laid across the bed to wait for Kim.
Fifteen minutes later, Kim exited the bathroom. She placed her foot on the edge of the bed to entice Brick, by seductively drying the inside of her thick thighs. Brick grabbed her and positioned her on top of him.
“What you call yourself doing, teasing me?” She tried to kiss him, but he turned his head and placed his hand on the top of hers. “I got something you can kiss.” He added pressure on her crown, closed his eyes and waited with anticipation.
Kim moved her tongue down his chest and across his midsection. It traveled to the tip of his throbbing penis, before she took his full eight inches into her mouth. Her juicy lips stroked the meet around his manhood with such potency; she almost brought him to a sudden orgasm. Brick quickly placed his hands on her shoulders and pushed her from between his legs.
“What’s wrong, is it to much for you?” Kim asked.
Brick answered he question by slipping a condom on, positioning behind her, and entering her vagina from the rear. His thighs slapped against her voluptuous backside with ever stroke. When she was nice and wet and without warning, he pulled out her inviting pussy and rammed his penis deep in her anal.
“Ahhhhhhhh, hell nah!” Kim shouted in pain, as she struggled to get away from Brick. He had the grip of a wrestler on her shoulders, as he ripped her anal open with every power stroke. “Please stop Brick, you’re killing me!” She begged.
Brick ignored her cries and kept giving the pain he was dishing. When the blood started to rush up his penis, he forced her on her back and unloaded an ounce of cum in her face. He then let her go and watched her rushed to the bathroom.
Kim locked the door behind her, wrapped half a roll of toilet paper around her hand, and wiped his fluids from her face. The strong urge to take a dump made her sit on the toilet. Tears dipped from her cheeks, as she strained but unable to process a valve movement. She got up and wiped between her legs, even though she didn’t let anything out. The sight of the pink toilet water and the blood on the tissue caused her to freak out. The only thing that calmed her nerves was the fact that she was about to split over a million dollars in cash. She cleaned up with soap and water; gather her composure in the mirror, then exited the bathroom. Her gut twisted while her eyes shot from their socket like a Tom and Jerry cartoon. She doubled over as a lumpy liquid substance shot from her mouth and splattered on the rug.
“Bitch, I told you if you was the one who set me up, I was gonna kill you!” TJ snapped, as he advance towards her.
“Key restrained him by the shoulders. “Chill yo.” His eyes focused on her. “What Kim, long time no see. I figured your were scandalous, but this was raw.”
“I told you at In-Town that you better watch this bitch,” Brick said to TJ, you should have listened. If she set you up wit somebody else, you would be dead right now.”
Kim stood there speechless; her mouth gapped wide open. She couldn’t believe that all the men she fucked or sucked to get paid was standing in one room, and knew each other well. She figured she could handle all them, but the one person in the room she didn’t know put fear in her heart. Her eyes focused on the quiet one who relaxed partially on the dresser; a large gun twirling in his hand. She knew the one who said little was always the killer on the group. His eyes look deep in her soul with hungry for blood.
“Check this Kim, you robbed me, but you didn’t rob me, so it ain’t my call on how to handle you. TJ, what’s on your mind?”
“Please TJ, I didn’t mea—”
“Bitch save it, ain’t nothing you can say. You all most got me killed over this shit. I think you sucked so many dicks it made you stupid. Didn’t your mom tell you that to much meat made you dumb?”
“I guess enough is said,” Key stated. Brick got the money out the cabinet and handed it to Key. Every body exited the room leaving Dave who sat quiet on the dresser and Kim, who understood her fate, as she stared at the silent man.
Down in the parking lot, they all stood next to Bricks Range Rover. Key shook his hand. “Yo good lookin bruh. Hey TJ, I told you to settle down, didn’t I? Now you got to pay Dave out of your own money, A’ight.”
“I just told her we were done. I guess it was to late.”
“First, you were dumb for having that bitch around when you were suppose to be handling business. I’m letting you know that them kats in Florida don’t play, so tighten up. Whose name is the room in?”
“Hers,” Brick replied. “The dumb bitch rented it a couple days ago.”
“Thanks for looking out, Brick,” TJ said.
“Oh, it wasn’t free, I want to be paid too.”
TJ let out a little chuckle. “Yeah, I got you bruh.”
“I know you do. I got to get back on Thirteenth. I bet the block is running haywire. We should be even on that favor I owed you, Key.”
“I guess we are,” Key replied. He hopped on his bike, as they got in their own vehicles and went in different directions. 
Chapter 16
The weed Ruby just bought from Glenco Street had him on cloud nine. All he could think about how much money he had stashed under his seat and what he could buy with it. He cruised down Northwestern BLVD, taking the long way to his house in Fairmount. On his way down Denham Street, he passed a state car, oblivious of its existence. He parked in front of his yellow house, and before he could make it to his front door, bag in tow, two shabby dressed white men walked up behind him. His first thought was he was being robbed, and chastised himself for leaving his pistol in the car, then a closer look at their clothes told him they were cops.
“Excuse me sir, are you Larcus Johnson?” O’Malley asked.
The urge to run surged through Ruby’s veins. He sized up the larger of the two, knowing he could out run him, but his partner looked to be in excellent shape. “What y’all want wit him?”
“We got a warrant for his arrest ant to search the premises.” When Rub stepped back, the two officers placed their hands on their holsters, ready to shoot first and ask questions later, like every other cop in Cincinnati. “Sir, drop the bag and placed your hands on your head.”
Ruby was high, but he could still tell that they were the type of cops who could shoot an unarmed black man and get away with it, so he dropped the bag of money, watching all his plans being sucked down the drain. “What kind of warrant?”
“They’ll explain everything to you when we get downtown.” The cops made him opened his front door, before they put him in handcuffs. He was then placed on his love seat and forced to watch them tare up his bachelors pad. “Just relax while we do our search.”
Gaylor ventured down to the basement and returned carrying a laptop and a stack of blank payroll checks. “Hey O’Malley, call the tech truck, I think we got our man.”
“It’s looks like you’ll be going away for a while. With this evidence and our witnesses testimony, it should be a solid case.”
A white state van pulled up and two police technicians hopped out. They started to load everything in the van while the two detectives read Ruby his rights. They were so busy with the hardware, the totally forgot about the bag he was carrying. It was placed next to the couch when the brought Ruby into the house to start their search. They locked his door, returned him his keys and placed him in the back seat.
Ruby started perspiring in the back seat. The fabric under his armpits was soaked with sweat. After the last time he got out of jail, he thought he would never see the multiple story brick Justice Center building again from the inside. He felt sick to his stomach as they drove through the large metal doors where the police cars parked, to turn in their captured. After the two detectives locked up their guns, they escorted Ruby into the cold building and processed him in. His handcuffs were removed and he was shoved into the funky smelling holding tank.
It was three hours before Ruby was called out the holding tank. Familiar with the process, we thought it was time for his phone call, but instead he was placed in a small cold square room, with two metal chairs in front of a desk. Five Minutes later, he was joined by a neatly dressed fellow, who sat behind the desk.
“How are you feeling Larcus? My name is Agent Taylor.”
“I ain’t got anything to say to you. When can I use the phone, so I can get out of here?”
“You’ll get your phone call, don’t worry. I been reading your file, and I don’t think you had anything to do with this murder, but I’m confident that you can shed some light on it.”
“Murder?!” Ruby shouted. “Hell nah, I ain’t kill nobody!”
“Don’t get so excited, I didn’t say that you did. Two months ago a Jamaican man was murdered in his apartment, not far from your house, he had some fraudulent checks in his bedroom. Then late last night, a Kimberly—”
“What happen to Kim?!” Ruby catapulted forward in his seat.
“So you know the women I’m talking about. What is her last name?”
“Anderson,” Ruby replied. A single tear slid down his cheek, as thoughts of his fiancé entered his mind, as he anticipated bad news about her.
“I’m sorry to tell you that we found her body at the Efficiency Inn on Colerain Ave. She was raped and murdered.
Ruby sat there stunned at the news he just heard about the girl he was planning to marry. His feelings turned from sorrow to anger. He knew TJ had something to do with what happen to her and his heart was full of revenge.
“We think you know something about these murders because of the checks and we found the same I-phone pocket PC/phone that you have in your property. We figured you were doing business with this man, and it looks like you and Ms Anderson were romantically involved. Now your down here charged with forgery and maybe corrupt activity charges. Do you see the ties?”
It all hit Ruby at once. He thought of Kim creeping with the guy TJ, who he knew worked for Key. The Jamaican must have done something wrong for his life to end the way it did, but what did Kim do to deserve her fate. Ruby knew about Key’s mean streak and knew he was capable of making these things happen. “Look, I don’t know nothing about some Rasta being murdered, but Kim was my girl. You need to talk to a guy name, Key, I mean Lottie, ahh, Lenox. He the one that be making the checks. He comes to my house in design them. I hardly know how to use a computer.”
The agent wrote the name down in his notes. “So why did she have a receipt in her pocket with your name on it?”
“Because, I propose to her a couple days ago. When she didn’t say yes or no, I gave her the ring with the receipt and told her if she didn’t love me, she could take it back. That was the last time I heard from her.”
“What do you know about this Mr. Lenox fellow?” Taylor asked.
“All I know is, if it will get me off, I’ll testify to what ever you need.”
“Thanks for talking to me and being honest. I’ll check out this guy and keep in consideration on what you said, but if it comes back that you had anything to do with these murders, I’ll make sure your buried under the jail.”
Ruby was lead to a phone and gave his privacy. He picked up the receiver and dialed Kitta’s number.
“Hello,” Kitta answered.
“Hey, I need you to do something real important for me. I need you to bond me out. I’ll pay you back as soon as I’m released and throw you a couple hundred.”
The extra money caught her attention but she had to speak her mind. “Oh, now you need,” she said sarcastically. “Where your precious Kim at?”
“Come on Kitta, I need you bad.”
“I should leave yo’ ass down there, but I need to talk to you about something. How much is you bond?”
“Ten thousand at ten percent.”
“Boy you better pay me back, because I ain’t got money to give away like that.”
“I got you girl. I owe you one.”
“Your going to owe me more then one,” Kitta replied, thinking of the child growing within her.
Ruby ended the call then was placed back in the holding tank. He was plotting on how to  repay the people responsible for the death of the only one he loved. He never made it upstairs, before his name was called and he was signing release papers.   
~~~~~~
  Toy sprayed the large display window with Windex then wiped it clean. She was so into preparing her store for it’s grand opening, she never noticed somebody sneaking up behind her.
“What you doing up in here all alone?” TJ announced, catching her by surprise.
She swiveled around, only armed with her spray bottle. “Boy, don’t be scaring me like that. How you get in here?”
“You left the back door unlocked.” He kissed her, then handed her a WhiteCastle bag. “I knew you would be hungry, so picked you up some food on my way here. I locked the back door for you.”
“Thank you baby, I am famished.”
“Famished? Look at you, trying to be all proper and shit. I would stay and help, but I got to meet Key at the UC Hospital. Our dude Brick got shot up last night, on Thirteenth.”
“I bet you it was over some drugs,” Toy said. “I saw something about it on the news before I got here. They said it was a black car that drove up and shot him, while he was sitting in his truck. People down town are crazy.”
“Yeah, I know. Look, I got to go to Florida with Key this weekend, so I’m telling you now so you wont make any plans with me.”
“I need you to be careful, baby. I don’t want you to end up like your friend, ok.”
“I don’t deal in drugs, so don’t worry, I’m safe.”
“Are you ever gonna tell me what you do?” Toy asked
“I promise I’ll tell you when I get back fro Florida. I got to go right now.” He kissed her again, before he unlocked the front door and left.
Toy was floating on cloud nine from the way TJ been showing her love, and being up straight and honest. She grabbed her food and started to eat as she thought about her man. After finishing her food, she grabbed the vacuum and started rolling the sweeper over the large area rug.
Twenty minutes later and still smiling within, Toy was arranging the contents on the check out counter, when she was startled by the bell over top the front door. “Excuses me sir, we don’t open til next week. I just forgot to lock the front door.”
Ignoring her, the man advanced to the front of the counter. “Um, I was looking for TJ. He told me to meet him here.”
“Oh, ok, you just missed him. He had to rush to the hospital. I’ll tell him you came by. What’s your name?”
“That’s all right, I’ll just call his cell. Do you know which one he went to?”  
Toy found it odd that he didn’t want to leave his name. Her uneasy feelings made her want to get rid of the stranger. Suddenly she didn’t feel safe alone in the store with him. “No, but I’ll tell him that somebody was looking for him. I need you to leave now.”
“Ok Toy, you tell him that,” he said, as he started to back toward the door.
Toy frowned at the mention of her name, because she didn’t know the man, and never seen him before. She was relieved when he finally excited the store. She rushed to the front door and secured the lock. Something about the way he looked and spoke to her was eerie. Feeling safe again, she continued what she was doing.
After a couple hours of cleaning and getting the store in order, Toy figured she did all she could do at the moment to prepare the store for its opening. She made sure the front door was secure, before she shut off all the lights and exited through the back door, making sure it was locked behind her. She walked across the empty back parking lot to her Ford Explore and opened the driver side door. As she leaned in to place her purse on the passenger seat, a foreign object struck the back of her head, sending her sprawled across the front seat.
The same stranger that was in the store a couple hours ago grabbed Toy’s hair and pulled her head back. He placed a blade to her neck, making her freeze with fear. “If you move, bitch, I’ll cut your head off,” he growled in her ear.
Please don’t hurt me,” Toy begged in a low pleading voice.
He struck her again with the butt of his knife. “I said shut the fuck up.” He wrapped his arm around her neck, lifted the short skirt she wore and used the blade to cut her panties off. She refused to lay there like a helpless victim and let him rape her, without a fight, so she summoned up the courage and strength to break from his grasp, but her effort wasn’t enough to break free of the commanding hold he had on her. In one quick and powerful motion, he pulled out his penis and rammed it into her anus, ripping it apart with every violent stroke.
Toy passed out from the excruciating pain. When she finally regained consciousness, she was alone, laying across the front seat of her jeep. Her hand slipped under her skirt and retract covered with blood. Tears started to soak her blouse as she went over the event in her head. All she could remember was a man whispering in her ear, to tell TJ that his girl didn’t have to die. The more she thought about what just happen to her, the dizzier she became, until she passed out across the seat.    
~~~~~
Brian drove his large Benz down Main Street. He heard what happen to his competition and Lil Moe. He didn’t think his young boy had it in him, but he planned to award him for his 
accomplishments. He noticed Tim walking down the sidewalk, so he slammed on his breaks and powered his window down. “Hey Tim, hop in, let me holla at you.”
Tim opened the passenger door and slid in. “What up B, what’s good?”
“I heard you handled your business. I didn’t think you had the heart to do it,” Brian said.
“You know how it is, bruh.”
“Yeah, I know. I need you to lay low for a while. Now that bricks gone, there’s nothing stopping me from doin’ my thing, feel me. I got a couple of those things for you to move, after this blows over.”
I had a feeling he wanted to use me to get rid of Brick. His bitch ass was scared to do it his self. “You know something B, I was thinking of putting my own shit down. I need to do me, a’ight. After what went down, all the niggas up top want to roll wit me.”
“Nigga, you think just because you got a body, you can do what you want out here?! I ought to slap the piss out your ho ass! I run this shit now.”
With his newfound murder instincts taking charge, they wouldn’t let Tim fear no man. Brian’s large frame and deep voice couldn’t cause him to blink, as he stared in the large mans eyes. “Nah B, it ain’t going down like that,” Tim said in an even tone, taking Brian by surprise. “I got soldiers for my beef now. What you want to do?”  When Brian leaned over with his hands out, Tim swiftly pulled out the forty-five that ended Lil Moe’s life, and jammed it in his kidney. “You see, I can end this shit right now, but I let you live… From the moment.” Tim opened the door and hopped out.
Brian leaned back in his seat, fuming from the events that unfold in Tim’s favor. He watched the young boy he turned into an animal disappear around the corner. He admired his ambitions, because he reminded him of his self at that age, but not enough to let him live.
~~~~~
Key and TJ sat in the UC Hospitals waiting area, waiting on information about bricks status. The last they heard was that he was still in critical condition, but he should pull through, that was more than two hours ago.
“I told that fool to stop hanging down there like that,” Key stated. “He was making to much money to be sitting on the reckless block, damn!”
“I told my cousin Brian the same thing, but he don’t listen. Their addicted to the streets,” TJ said.
“Didn’t you mention that Brian hustling on Broad—” Key’s phone rang, cutting him off. “Yo?” He answered.
“Baby, you need to find TJ and get to UC hospital!” Nita said frenetically.
How did she know Brick and that he got shot, Key thought. “We’re already here. What’s goin’ on?”
When Key’s eye’s shot at TJ, as he listened to Nita, TJ didn’t know what to think. He expected something was wrong, but not his worst nightmare. He waited for Key to hang up before he spoke. “What’s the deal?”
“Yo, some bullshit happened that I’m not registering right now. Nita’s on her way here, she—”
“Is she all right?!” TJ asked worried. “What happen to her, is the baby all right?”
“Nothing happen to her. Don’t go crazy when I tell you this, but she said Toy’s at this hospital right now. Something about her getting attacked behind our new Vine street store.”
“What the fuck?!” TJ jumped to his feet. “Nah man, don’t tell me that shit, I just left there.”
“Bruh, calm down, she’s ok.”
“Nah, fuck that Key, I got to see her.” TJ rushed to the counter were a nurse was stationed. “Excuse me, can you tell me where I can find a Latoya Chong?”
The nurse typed the name in her computer. “Um, she in room 305. Are you family?”
“She’s my girlfriend,” TJ replied.
“Sorry sir, I got strict instructions from the officer that was here to only let family see her.”
“Fuck, that’s some bullshit!”
Key grabbed TJ and accompanied him to the row of seats against the wall. “Chill yo, wait til Nita get here. She’ll make sure you get to see her.”
TJ flopped down in his seat and placed his head in his hands. “I swear to god Key, I’m a murder who ever did this.”
“You know I’m a help you find out who attacked her.” 
Five minutes later Nita rushed through the double sliding doors. “Did y’all see her yet?” She asked, after she hugged and kissed Key.
“Nah, they only letting family in.”
“Hold on.” Nita went to the counter and had a short conversation with the same nurse who turned TJ away, and then she returned to them. “I talked her into letting TJ see her.”
“A’ight, I’ll wait for word on Brick while y’all back there,” Key said.
Key sat in the waiting area for a half hour before a doctor came out to let Key know that Brick was all right. They were able to remove all the bullets but the one close to his spine. Key took a breath with relief that his boy survived. Twenty minutes after that, Nita returned alone and sat next to Key. “What up wit Toy?”
“They gave her a sedative,” Nita replied. “Baby, she told us some dude raped her, and all he kept saying was that his girl didn’t have to die, over and over.”
“Ruby!” Key exclaimed.
“That’s what TJ said when she told us. Who’s Ruby?”
Key ignored her question as he scanned the room searching for TJ. “Where’s TJ?”
“He ran from the room, almost knocking over the nurse.”
“Listen baby, I need you to take Toy and leave the city for a while. I got some people in Drums PA who will look after y’all.”
“Why, what’s going on?”
“You trust me, don’t you?”
“Yeah, butt—”
“Just listen to me then, I’ll explain everything to you when you get back.” Key escorted her out to her X5 and helped her in. He kissed her, and then looked in her eyes. “I’ll die if anything happen to you or my baby. Pack some clothes for the both of y’all, make sure you pack warm, because it’s cold up there.” He shut the door and watched her drive off, before he dialed TJ’s number on his cell.
“What’s up?” TJ answered.
“It’s me bruh, I know what happen and I need you to calm down.”
“Key, fuck that! I’m a find dude and snap his neck.”
“Listen to me bruh. I ain’t never stare you wrong right… Right? We gonna handle this, but let me help you. You know Toy’s like a sister to me.”
“Your right Key. Meet me at the spot, I’m on my way there right now.” TJ said.
“A’ight, give me a couple minutes.” Key ended the call and started the engine of his Ducati. During his ride to Jillian’s in Kentucky, he came up with a plan to deal with all his problems.” 
Chapter 17
Key gathered his whole organization together away from the city they were from. From Cincinnati, TJ, Mimi, and Jaden relaxed in the wicker chairs, enjoining the rays of the Florida sun. Dave, Maria, and Dave’s new friend, Ni`chay sat together in the far corner. Key sat alone, in deep thought, while everybody converse among each other. His mind was focused on the last couple of weeks. He wanted to be completely out the game and he figured TJ was the right candidate to replace him, but everything needed to be in order before he completely let go. All loose ends needed to be tightened. Key was brought back to the present by the sound of his doorbell. He left the group and walked through the house to the front door.
“The weed man is here,” Tone announced, as he walked through the threshold, followed by Earn and Dell.
“What up, yo?” key greeted his best friends. “I thought Nett was rolling wit y’all.”
“Nah, she followed us in her new hot pink Benz coup, she got some Dominican dude with her, ” Earn said. “Key you got to check it out. She got pink white and blue Louis Vutton print all over the interior. 
It didn’t take long for Key to see the car spoken of, because Nett pulled in the drive at that exact moment. She pulled next to Earn Chevy Suburban and got out. “Hey Key baby,” Nett shouted. She walked up to Key and hugged him. Followed behind her was a dude Key never saw before.
“What’s up girl?” Key said, his eyes never leaving her company. “Sooo, who’s your friend?”
Nett turned and looked into the guy with her. She put her arm around his waist. “This is my fiancé, Mario.”
“Yo, stop playing. Go on to the back with everybody else.”
“I’m serious Key.” She showed him the rock on her finger. “I’m moving to North Carolina soon.”
“That’s good, I need you to—”
“We’ll talk about it later,” Nett interjected. They walked pass Key, into the beach house. Key shut the front door and followed behind them. When Nett and Mario arrived on the back porch, they were surprise to see so many people gathered on the large deck. Nett was outspoken and enjoyed meeting new people. “Hey y’all, I’m Nett and this is my fiancé, Mario.”
“Fiancé?” Dave shouted. “I’ll believe that when I see a ring.” He knew enough about Nett to know she didn’t really like men.
Nett shot out her left hand. “Is it big enough for you to see?” she asked, flashing all four carets at Dave.
“Whatever yo,” Dave replied, as he leaned back in his chair.
Nett instantly noticed the two sexy redbone girls sitting intimately together in the far corner. She left Mario standing by the sliding door and approached them. “I know one of y’all got to be Mimi.”
“So we finally meet, Nett,” Mimi said. “This is my girl, Jaden.”
Nett’s pussy got wet, as she scanned Jaden’s yellow skin, which was partially covered by a string bikini. She sat in the chair next to her and started running game. Earn witness the whole ordeal and felt sorry for Mario, who looked lost by himself. He walked over and asked him to help get the grille started.
Key was drawn back to the front door by the doorbell. He opened it and let Dinero inside. “Como esta?” He asked.
“Muy Bien,” Dinero replied.
“Go on up to my office, I have somebody you need to meet.” Key left Dinero to get TJ. They walked up to his office where Dinero was sitting in a chair in front of the desk. Key slid behind his desk, while TJ sat on the edge.
“Who’s this?” Dinero asked.
“This is my partner, TJ. He’s the one who handles all your money before it gets to me. I trust him with my life. I’m giving him the power to handle thins from here.”
“With all due respect, I don’t know this guy.”
“Now Dinero, you didn’t know me when we hooked up. I know him well and I trust him to keep things going as I did. Plus, Dave is dating your niece and he’ll make sure the money gets here.”
TJ just sat there listening to the exchanges. Key told him to just sit there while he talked, so that’s what he did.
“Ok Key. I’ll trust you on your judgment, but you know whose ass it is if things don’t go right.”
“I can deal wit that.” Key pulled a briefcase from under his desk and slid it to Dinero. “I need to tighten up some loose ends in the city, so we’re going to skip next week. TJ and Dave will be her the following week.”
Dinero stood up from his chair. “That’s ok, I’ll talk to you later.” He left the office, carrying the case full of money.
“You hear that right,” Key said, after Dinero excited the room. “Dave will make sure he get his money, I need you to make sure I get my small percentage.”
“I got you Key,” TJ replied. “How we gonna handle this Ruby situation?”
“That will be handled tomorrow, for right now, I want you to enjoy Florida. Send Dave up when you get down there.”
Dave entered the office five minutes after TJ left. He walked in an sat in the empty chair. “What up, yo?” Dave asked in his deep voice.
“How close are you in Maria?”
“Put it like this, she had a threesome with me and Ni`chay. That girl tells me everything.”
Key leaned back in his chair and pondered his situation. “Check this, I need to find a way to get rid of Dinero, but continue on with the dudes he work for.”
“Well she mentioned something about a guy name Miguel, who is tired of her uncle, but can’t touch him.”
“It sounds like he’s a problem on both ends. I got two jobs for you then. I need you to head to Cincinnati to deal wit that problem of ours. You got the information you need?”
“Yeah. When you want me to leave?”
“A plane leaves tomorrow morning at eleven. We’ll talk about that other thing when you get back, a’ight.”
“Cool, I had plans with both my girls tonight. Matter fact, I need to get downstairs to set that up.”
Key watched Dave leave, knowing he’ll handle his business. He leaned back, wondering what Nett was up to with her new friend. He knew there was a motive behind her actions and he made a mental not to discover them.
~~~~~
While it was ninety degrees on the Florida shores, fifteen inches of snow coated the ground in Drums PA. Nita sat bundled up in leather and fur shearling, on the front porch of Gino’s four-bedroom two-story house. She watched the new snow accumulate over the old. After what happen to Toy, she was willing to get away for a while, but after a couple days in the mountains of PA, she was feeling home sick.
Gino walked out on the porch and sat next to Nita. “Ain’t you cold out here?”
“No, it feels kind of nice. I never saw this much snow before. This little boy inside me, won’t stop moving around, tho.”
“I’m trying to get Brianna to have a baby. Maybe you can talk to her.”
“I could try, but it’s her choice,” Nita said. “Thanks for letting us stay here. Key must trust you a lot to send us here.”
“I owe him for everything I have. He’s the reason I own this house, and that me and Bri are married.” After Key left college, Gino started bringing in bags of money from the weed he sold. His clientele wasn’t just on the campus of Laurel Cansington College; with Brianna’s help, they moved pounds all over Drums PA, being the cities number one supplier.
“It seems like everybody I meet who knew him a long time, has nothing but good things to say. I miss my baby.”
Gino walked towards the front door. “I can tell. I’ll leave you alone so you can call him.”
“Thanks again, Gino.” Nita pulled out her I-phone and dialed Key’s number.
“What’s up, baby?” Key answered.
“I miss you and I’m ready to come home,” Nita wined.
“Baby, I need you to be patient. It won’t be long before your back home.”
“I know I just want things to be normal again.”
“They will soon,” Key promised. “How’s Toy doing?”
“She’s doing all right. All she does is sleep all day. She’s been in that room since we got here. I got to force her to eat.”
“It’s good that’s she’s getting her rest. Give her some time, she’ll get better.”
“I will, baby.”
“I got to go,” Key said. I’ll try to call you tonight.”
“Ok, I love you.” Nita waited for the line to go dead before she took the receiver away from her ear. She entered Gino’s house and went up to one of his spear bedrooms. She stripped down to nothing and snapped a few private shots, using her I-phone, then sent them to Key. She made sure sexy enough to make him want to rush her home.
~~~~~
Dave’s plane landed at the Kentucky/Cincinnati Airport at eleven am. After a quick stop at his apartment, for some tools, he drove his rented Dodge pickup down Denham Street and parked two houses away from Ruby’s yellow house. He knew if Ruby had any type of street knowledge, it was a long shot for him to be caught at home. He figured he could find something inside the house that would point him in the right direction.
Dave made sure his pistol was loaded before he tucked it and departed his car. When he found that Ruby’s front door was locked, he checked his surroundings, and then made his move around the back. The opportunity to make a quiet entrance arose as he noticed the basement window was halfway open. Dave squeezed his tall frame through the small space, gaining him access to the mildew smelling room. The first thing he realized when he crept up the wooden steps, was how expensively decorated the inside of the house was. A person glancing at the house as they drove by would never think it would look as it did in the inside.
Dave searched the house thoroughly, coming up empty on anything pointing to Ruby’s whereabouts. In a bedroom closet, he came across a row of videotapes across the floor and a camcorder sitting on a tripod. It was set up in a way so the occupants of the room would never notice it. Dave slid one of the tapes in the VCR and pressed play. It felt like a demon touched him, as he watched his latest victim getting it on with the man he searched for. I guess the will meet in hell soon, he thought. He took the tape out and slid another in. Damn, kid got a collection of home movies. He cut it off and started to leave, until the sound of a car pulling up out front caught his attention. He peaked out the widow and instantly matched the girl retting out the car, to the one in the second video. He figured that if nobody knew where he was located, she did. He crept to the bottom of the steps and waited.
Kitta’s hands shook on the gearshift of her “91” Nissan Sentra. It took Ruby twenty minutes to persuade her to got to his house and retrieve his money. After seeing his face on Tri States Most wanted, for questions in a murder, she couldn’t wait to get away from him. He had her held up in the stuffy motel he stayed in. When he told her how much money was in the house, she agreed to help him, but her plan was to get the money and move to Charlotte North Carolina, where her twin sister lived with her husband.
Dave watched the girl from the videotape enter the house and look around the living room. He patiently as she picked up a bag and unzipped it. The satisfied expression on her face gave Dave the impressions that she was on her way out, so he prepared to rush her, before she got out the door. 
Kitta started to leave, until she thought about the money Ruby always kept in the freezer. She set the bag on the couch and headed to the kitchen. While counting the money she just found, a hard thump on her shoulder caused her to drop the cold bills and frantically spin around.
Dave had his gun aimed at her head. “ I’m not here for you, a’ight. Show me where he is and you can on you merry way.”
“Where who is?” Kitta asked.
“Dave tapped her on the top of the head with his gun. “Don’t play with me bitch! I don’t want to kill you, but I will!”
“He at the hotel, waiting for me to get back.”
“A’ight, now pick up your money and take me to him.” 
Kitta gather the money off the floor, placed in the bag with the rest, and then was escorted to her car. As she drove up Colerain Ave, she felt warm breath on the back of her neck and the uneasy feeling of a gun poking in her kidney. As soon as she noticed the police station on her left side, she felt the barrow of his gun dig deeper into her ribs. Once at the motel parking lot, following Dave’s instructions, she parked near a side entrance.
“He’s in room 115,” Kitta said, hoping her job was over. She had no feelings for what was about to happen to Ruby. She figured with him gone, she didn’t have to leave the city.
“Cool, now I want you to knock on the door for me.” Dave noticed her hesitation, so he clamped his hand around her wrist, when the existed the small car. He stood beside the door, as she knocked.
“Who is it?” Ruby asked.
“It’s me,” Kitta replied. “I got that bag for you.”
Dave listened for the latch to be taken off. When the door opened, he shoved Kitta forward into Ruby, knocking them both to the floor. He stepped in the room, his gun clenched in his hand and hut the door. 
Ruby laid on the floor tangled up with Kitta. He shoved her off him and his eyes focused on the man standing between him and the door. “Who the fuck are you?”
“Both of y’all, getup and sit on the bed.” Dave noticed Ruby’s eyes cut to the tabled, where a small handgun lay. “I want you to give me a reason to make this quick.” He grabbed the little twenty-two and slid it in his waistband. 
Ruby sat on his bed and looked at the intruder, with the hateful eyes. “What’s this about? She’s holding a bag full of money, you can take it all.”
“You really don’t know what this is about.” Dave pulled out his cell phone and dialed a number. “Yo, I got him held up with some bitch. What you want me to do?” He listened to whoever was on the other end, then tossed the phone to Ruby.
Ruby bobbled the phone, and then placed it to his ear. “Who the fuck is this?”
“If you knew that your bitch was sucking every dick in the Nati, you wouldn’t have done what you did,” TJ said. “You fucked up when you messed with my peeps. It’s too late to repent now.” His voice was calm and even, scaring Ruby even more.
“Fuck you bruh, you didn’t have to kill her!”
“The bitch tried to set me up. You should have known more about whom you were fucking. Now you’re in the situation because of some pussy. I’ll holla at you in the next life.”
When Ruby threw the phone on the floor, after finding out his fate, Dave picked it up and placed it to his ear. “What up, yo?”
“Do what you do,” TJ ordered. “Make sure he endure it.”
“What about this bitch?”
Kitta eye’s shot at Dave, hoping who ever were on the other line would let her go. She had nothing to do with Ruby’s actions.
“A’ight.” Dave ended the call then was taken off guard, when Ruby lunged his long frame at him. With the agility of a cat, he sidestepped and knocked Ruby out cold with the back of his gun. He glanced at Kitta, who sat still on the bed, and still didn’t know her fate. “Yo, help me tie him up.”
She hesitated to get off the bed, but being involved in a murder was better than being killed herself. She thought maybe if she helped, he wouldn’t kill her, so she participated in the venture.
Dave made Kitta sit in the chair away from the door and watch. He rolled Ruby on his stomach and used a pocketknife to cut his jeans, from the waist, to the end of his lower back.  He broke down a wooden chair and lubricated one of the detached legs whit baby oil.
Feeling the cold draft between his legs, Ruby’s eyes shot open and he started to struggle against his restraints. “What the fuck, man, untie me. I’ll pay you double what they’re paying you.”
Dave ignored his pleads; made sure the stick was properly lubed and jammed its jagged edge into his anal. He twisted and rammed it deeper, causing blood to flow down Ruby’s leg. The smell of excrement caused Kitta to double over and vomit on the floor. She didn’t want to find out if she was next, so she took a chance and rushed for the door. Dave noticed her movement, so he stuck out his foot, sending her crashing to the floor. He sat on her back and screwed a silencer on his gun. “Damn bitch, I was gonna let you go, but now I can’t trust you.”
“Please don’t kill me, I’m pregn—”
Two compressed shots to her head silenced her for life. Dave left her lifeless body on the floor and returned to what he was doing. After about an hour of torture, he pulled out his knife and sliced two of Ruby’s main arteries. He tied a sock in his mouth and sat by the bed, watching his pupils shrink until there was no more life left in them. Dave grabbed Kitta’s car keys and the bag of money. He returned to her car, leaving the two bodies where they were. In the car, he counted the money, then separate half of it. A quick search through He purse, he found her address. On his way back to his car, he packaged one half in a box, then dropped it at the post office, address to Kitta’s house. He didn’t want to kill the girl, but she was a casualty of war.
Chapter 18
A year after Lil Moe’s body was found in the alley on Walnut Street; Tim had Thirteenth Street locked down. He sat in a chair on the third floor of one of his buildings, watching the many transaction by his dealers to the fiends, who survived off what he supplied. From the outside looking in, everything looked sweet, but Tim sat there worried that he couldn’t keep up with the demand from his workers. He had been searching for his connect for the last two days. If he couldn’t supply them, he knew the streets wouldn’t wait. They would search for a more steady resource, and all he built would be lost. Brian was waiting for him to slip, so he could make a move. Not even a month ago, bullets flew by Tim’s head, from a gun Brian held. Tim knew it was about time he ended that beef. One of them had to go.
Tim dug in his braids to relieve an itch, as he thought of another resource to fill his inventory. The doorbell interrupted his thinking. Not expecting any visitors, he grabbed his pistol from under his chair. “Baby, get the door.”
Poo walked out the back room, wearing three-inch heels and a jean mini skirt. Her shoes clicked on the tile floor as she approached the door. She adjusted the thin strapped on the small top she wore, and then turned the knob, making sure she didn’t break a nail on her manicured hand. “Yes?”
“I need to holla at Tim,” Brick replied.
Tim instantly recognized the voice behind the door. Poo screamed as she was pushed to the floor. Tim chewed his bottom lip, as he targeted his gun at Bricks chest. “Bruh, I didn’t shoot you the first time, but I can end this right now!”
“Chill bruh, I came to talk about some business.”
“I don’t need shit from you, so I advise you to roll out!” Tim said.
“I know everything that’s goin’ on down here. I know that you get your dope from Farlow.” Brick tossed the days paper on the floor next to Tim’s feet. Tim picked it up, his gun still trained on its target. “I got them things for lower than anybody in the city.”
When Tim glanced at the front page, he was face to face with his connect. The caption said that he was wanted for a triple homicide that happened in College Hill. Tim crumbled the paper and tossed it in the trash. He tucked the pistol in his pants then looked at Brick. “How I know you’re not tryna get your block back?”
“Bruh, I ain’t tryna move in on your shit. You got a nice little set of down here. I could have been started some shit. I know an opportunity when I see one.”
Tim opened the door all the way, inviting Brick in. “Let’s talk business.
Brick followed Tim into the living room, with a slight lip from the bullet that struck his hip a year ago. “I can get them to you for seventeen five.”
Tim stared at Brick, thinking that his price was too good to be true. He was paying twenty-two by the bulk from his old connect. He didn’t want to seem to eager, though. “That sounds reasonable. What’s the catch?”
“You got to buy five at a time, and I’ll only deal wit you. I know about your little problem. I need you to take care of that before we start doing business.” Brick wrote his cell number on a piece of paper and handed to him. Call me when you’re ready.” He shook Tim’s hand then started to leave.
“Aye Brick,” Tim called. He reached under the cushion of his couch and tossed him five stacks. “It’s a little more then what I owed you. I just want to start on good terms.”
Brick stuck the money in his pocket. “That’s the way to operate. Get at me later.” He walked out the apartment.  
Tim grabbed his phone and dialed a couple numbers. “Hey bruh, I need you to handle that thing we talked about, as soon as possible.” He hung up and leaned back in his chair, relieved that everything was back on track.
~~~~~
Things were finally back to normal for Nita. The only thing that was different in her life, was the new addition to their household, Keyshawn Lottie, their eight-month-old son. She carried her child out to her BMW X5 and strapped him in the car seat. The garage door started to shut, as the large twenty-inch BMW rims backed out the driveway. When she entered the street, she noticed an empty Beige Saturn looked familiar and out of place on the road that only held a couple houses, besides hers. Her life was so good, she pushed it from her mind as she sped in the direction of the Key’s fashion in Western Hills. Every since she had the baby, she hired somebody to manage the store, and only made frequent visits to sign papers and check on her employees.
It took her five minutes to get to the store that was close to her home. Not planning on staying long, she double parked in the front, grabbed her son, and entered the store. The unfamiliar feeling of power surged through her when she noticed her employees straightening up, as she trotted across the floor. “Hi Diana,” she greeted her manager. “You mentioned you had some papers for me to sign.”
Diana followed her boss to the back office and sat in a chair, as Nita stationed herself behind her desk. She handed her a small stack of papers. “We have them custom Air Force Ones coming in this week, and the Timberlands. I still think we should carry them 310 Motoring shoes and clothing.”
“You sound like my husband, Diana. He got a closet full of 310, for when he rides his bike. Go ahead and order a small quantity for test purpose only, see how quick it sale.” Nita placed Keyshawn in the walker she kept at the store, then started signing the papers.
“Little Key is getting big,” Diana stated. “What y’all feeding that boy?”
“Every damn thing he can get his hands on.” Nita returned the signed papers to Diana and then scooped her son up. “I won’t be back tonight, so I need you to lock up.”
“Ok, Mrs. Lenox, I got you.”
 “Nita left the store in the direction of Key’s mother’s house. After dropping Keyshawn off to his grandmother, she headed to the new store on Short Vine. She parked next to TJ’s Cadillac and entered the store through the back entrance. She found Toy in her office going through a stack of papers. “What’s up cuz?”
“It’s crazy busy out there,” Toy replied. “This is my first time sitting down all morning.”
“It’ll slow down. I see you still ain’t driving your truck. It’s been over a year, girl.”
After returning from Drums PA, Toy refused to step one foot in her Ford Explorer. The event that took place on the front seat of the vehicle was to overbearing for her to bear. Every time she got in it, memories started to flood in her head. She begged TJ to sell it, but instead he gave her his Cadillac and he drove the jeep. “Whatever don’t remind me. Oh yeah, guess who had a nerve to ask about you when she happen to come in the store?”
“Who, Nita replied.
“Tiffany, and she asked for your number and address.”
“Please tell me you didn’t give her my information!” The look of Toy’s face said otherwise. “Damn Toy, you know I don’t want to be bothered with that girl after what she did.” At that instant, Nita remembered why she recognized the Saturn parked by her house. “I got to go.” She headed for the back door in a hurry.
“Where you goin’?” Toy yelled to her receding back.
“To make sure this bitch ain’t sitting in front of my house.” Nita ran out the store and across the lot to her X5. When she tossed her purse on the passenger seat, a chrome thirty-two revolver slid from it. Key made her carry wherever she went. She dropped it back in her purse then sped home. 
~~~~~
TJ drove Toy’s Ford Explorer down Central Parkway. He pulled out his I-phone and dialed his cousin number, as he stopped at a red light.
“What up, cuz,” Brian answered. “Meet me on Vine Street, and then we can roll over Kentucky to the crib to get that two long.”
“Damn, bruh,, you still hangin’ down there?” TJ asked. 
“Hell yeah, I got to get mine more than one way, feel me.”
“Nah, I don’t, but you gonna do you. I’m five minutes from you.” TJ ended the call and shook his head at his cousin’s stupidity. He pulled down Liberty and made a right on Vine Street. As soon as he had Brian’s black Benz in Eyesight, somebody in a black hooded sweatshirt ran up to the driver door carrying a chopper and sprayed a stream of fire and bullets through the passenger side window, every one striking Brian from his neck to the torso. TJ sped up the street, riding the sidewalk to swerve around slower cars. He slammed on the breaks behind Brian’s car, grabbed his pistol and hopped out his jeep. After a unsuccessful foot chase, he returned to the scene and found his cousin’s lifeless eye staring at him, as his body was slumped over in the passenger seat. Damn nigga, I told you to leave downtown alone. TJ banged his gun on his own head in frustration. He realized people were staring at him, so he tuck his gun and jumped back in his jeep.
 He felt sorry for his big cousin, but he was dammed if he ended up like him. He knew if he didn’t retrieve Dinero’s two hundred thousand, it was a strong possibility it could. TJ crossed the bridge into Kentucky and drove to the new house Brian bought on 12th street and parked on the back street. Two hard kicks to the back door and TJ were searching the house, top to bottom for the money. Relief overwhelmed him when he found a small duffel bag full of crispy back notes under the bed. He was about to leave with what he found, until something Brian said more then a year ago entered his mind. (I’ll copp a car when I hit five hundred stacks.) The thought sent TJ in to a frenzy through the house. He left didn’t leave a spot unturned, but came up empty. On his way out the back door, in his peripheral he noticed a rubbermate trash can in the kitchen corner, the only place he didn’t look. TJ pulled the half full garbage bag from the can and found a hefty sack with lumps in it. He set it on the counter and put a slit in the thin plastic. Neatly rolled hundred dollar bills halfway filled the bag. He carried both bags to his jeep and then dialed Key’s number. 
“Yo?” Key answered.
“What up bruh? I’ll have that cut for you tonight, before me and Dave catch the plane to Florida.”
“Just drop it with Mimi,” Key said. “I’ll get it from her later. How’s business?”
“You wont believe this. I was on my way to meet Big B, but before I got there, somebody lit up his Benz. He was just laying across the seat dead.”
“Damn yo, I heard about the shooting on the news. It was on Vine, right?”
“Yeah. I guess its part of the game. I was mad enough to find out who was responsible, and do something about it, I figured why waste my life over some bullshit he caused. He’s dead and I’ll be in jail. What’s the point in that?”
“I swear every day you get smarter.”
“Let me get off this street,” TJ said. “I’ll holla at you when we get back in town.” TJ ended the call and headed home to find out how much money his cousin had saved up.
~~~~~
Life couldn’t get better for Key. Besides the percentage he collected from TJ, he had a steady income coming from the two stores he built. He had a healthy son who is a spitting image of him, and to top it off, he didn’t deal with anything illegal.
After dropping some money off at his mother’s house, Key pulled out the driveway of the new home he bought her and tore up seventy-five on his Ducati. He merged onto Seventy-four and took the Colerain Ave exit. Three minutes later, he was pulling his powerful bike into the garage of his home. He walked into the kitchen and tossed his keys on the counter, then went to the closed in back porch, to relax. When he turned on the TV, he caught the news about what happen to TJ’s cousin on Vine Street, shaking his head at the dumbness of a one-minded hustler.
His program was interrupted by the sound of his doorbell ringing. A year earlier, he would have been suspicious of somebody visiting his house unexpectedly, and grabbed his gun as he approached the door. Now that he was out the game, he let down his guard and didn’t think twice before opening it.
Key’s stomach clinched, as he looked down the borrow of a nine-millimeter. He realized that his life could end at that very moment. I know it ain’t all gonna end like this, he thought. “Who the fuck are you?!”
The girl holding the pistol backed Key into his hallway, as she moved forward. “You st-st-stop her from loving m-me,” she stuttered. She pointed the gun at Key’s head and added a little pressure. “You got to go.”
Key refused to let it end that way. When she moved in closer, he lunged at her, knocking her to the floor, but failed to knock the gun from her tight grip. He tore down the marble hallway, but was thrown from his feet by the burning blow that struck his shoulder. The pain in his upper arm was unbearable. He rolled over and used his feet to scoot back.
The unfamiliar female caught up to him and stomped down on his bleeding arm, causing a deep baritone scream to escape Key’s mouth. “It’s too late for all that noise. I don’t really got nothing against you, you just have something that I would do anything to get.” She aimed the pistol at his head again and put pressure on the trigger.
Bang!!!
~~~~~
Dave and TJ’s plane landed at Miami International. They rented two 4.6 Range Rovers and followed each other for the twenty minutes it took to get to Key’s beach house. They parked side by side in the lot of a seafood restaurant and once inside, ordered some food.
“Yo, Maria’s taking me to this spot in Orlando this weekend,” Dave said. “She got a cousin coming. You want to roll?”
“Nah, I’m cool. I got too much on my mind. Y’all have fun.”
“Oh, we will. Ni`chay’s coming down this tomorrow.” Dave checked the expression on TJ’s face and understood what his problem was. “Key told me about what happen to your cousin. What do you want to do about it?”
TJ waited for the waitress to set their food down before he spoke. “Nothing, he brought that shit on his self. He was my cousin and all, but you and Key treat me more like family then him.”
“I feel you on that. Just because your blood, doesn’t always mean your family. If you change your mind, holla at me.”
They finished their food then walked out the restaurant. “Maria called me yesterday and said to meet her at Anika’s condo,” TJ said. “I’ll meet you at the beach house later.”
“A’ight,” Dave replied.
TJ jumped in his rented Rang Rover and cruised the short drive to Maria’s cousin’s place. She walked up to the security desk and had the guard announced that he was coming up.
“Sorry sir, but nobody’s answering the call. I believe I seen Miss Garcia leaving a half hour ago.”
TJ scratched his head, wondering what was going on. He wrote down where he would be and handed it to the guard. “If she comes back, give her this note for me.”
“Ok sir.”
TJ left the building and hopped in his truck. He drove to the beach house and parked next to Dave’s truck. He grabbed the case full of Dinero’s money and the money he carried with him to pay off Key’s beach house and put it in his name. Since Key had no reason to be in Florida, he and TJ made a deal for the house. TJ was using the nine hundred thousand he found in Brian’s house. He carried both bags into the house. When he walked in the living room, he found Dave and Maria sitting on the couch, worried expressions on their faces. “What’s up wit y’all?”
In the corner of his eye’s he noticed a dead body laying on the floor. A closer look told him it was Dinero, his blood saturating the expensive rug from the hole in his head. Before he could speak, a long barrow of a 357 was placed to his head. The guy holding the gun patted TJ down and told him to drop the bags and have a seat next to the other two.  
“What the fuck is goin’ on, Maria?” TJ exclaimed. 
“That’s what I want to know,” another man said, as he walked in the room. “Buenos días, me llamo Miguel.”
Nor Dave or TJ spoke Spanish, so they stared at Miguel dumbfounded. Dave tapped Maria’s leg for a translation.
“That’s my uncle Miguel, Dinero’s brother. The money you deal with is his.”
“That’s right Maria, but what I’m not understanding is, why my brother is laying dead on this floor. And where is my money?”
TJ looked from Maria to Dave, then back at Miguel. “Look, I don’t know what happen here, as you can see, I just got here. I did bring the money for Dinero.” He pointed to the case on the floor.
Miguel motioned his bodyguard to retrieve the case and open it. Satisfied with its contents, he said to shut it and wait. “That’s good. What’s your name amigo?”
“I’m TJ, I work for Dinero, well I guess it’s you now,” TJ replied. “I never been late delivering money and I got a solid team in Cincinnati.”
“Maria, what happen to Dinero?” Miguel asked.
“I don’t know, uncle. When we got here, he was dead. You as well as I know that he fucked over many people in Florida. Somebody must have finally got to him.”
Miguel scratched his chin, as he pondered the situation. He knew that with the death of his brother, Anika and Maria would inherit everything he owned. “This is how I see it; Dinero had many enemies, so what happen to him was unfortunate, but no reason to stop a good business relationship. TJ, I want to continue on dealing with you, but instead of Dinero, you’ll deal with Maria, and she will report directly to me. I hope we have a long lasting business friendship.” Miguel in his Bodyguard exited the room. “I want you to find out everything you can about TJ. I want to know who his mother is and how many kids she got. I even want to know what his favorite food is.”
“I understand, boss.”
Back in the living room, TJ stood up and looked down on Maria and Dave. “Look, I don’t even want to know what happen here. I just want to know if it’s possible for y’all to clean up your mess?”
“Yo, don’t worry about it, we got you.” Dave promised. “I’m glad you brought that money.”
“Yeah, me to,” TJ replied. He grabbed the bag with the nine hundred thousand in it, and headed upstairs. After locking the money in a safe, he went to the bathroom and splashed cold water on his face. Fuck, what did Key get me in? I in deep, with no way out. He looked at his reflection in the mirror, wondering how long would he last.
~~~~~
Captain Gaylor was standing in the middle living room where a dead body was found. Him and his ex-partner, Detective O’Malley, who hated him for accepting the promotion that he was waiting for, stood there watching the crime scene technician work their magic, collecting evidence that would make their case easier.
“How long has she been her?” Gaylor asked.
“About a year sir,” the field corner replied. “I wonder how come she was just found.”
“As I was told, her lease was paid up until last month. When the building manger went to knock on the door, that’s when he smelt her and called us.”
The first officer on the scene started to read off the information from his pad. As he read off the name of the victim, Detective O’Malley almost choked on his own spit. “The victim’s name is Katharine Mear. Sir, this was the women we were investigating for the—” He was cut off by a uniform officer rushing in the room.
“Sir, I just got a call on the radio. Somebody was killed in the Westwood area.”
Gaylor turned to O’Malley. “Go check it out, and Detective, follow the rules of the investigation.” Gaylor new the ways of his old partner and warned him not to break the rules.
“Follow the rules,” O’Malley grumbled under his breath, as he walked off. “Fuck Gaylor and his rules.”
“You say something, Detective?”
“No sir, I’m on it.” He left the building and jumped in his unmarked car. He drove for fifteen minutes before he pulled in front of a large one-story ranch house. Damn, he thought, as he checked out the house. On his salary, he knew he would never be able to afford something that size. He walked across the driveway and joined the officers inside. “What we got here?”
“A woman age twenty five, name Tiffany Forever. She broke in the house and shot the owner.”
“So, why is she dead?”
“The wife came home and found her standing over her husband, aiming a gun at him. She shot the woman with the thirty-two she carried. We checked it and she could legally carry it.”
The officer glanced around the luscious house. “Victim names is Lottie Lenox, wife is Bonita Lenox. To me it looks like the got a lot of money. Drugs probably. The wife road with him to the hospital.”
O’Malley stood there taking in the scene. He knew the name Lenox, but couldn’t place a finger on it, and then it hit him all at once. “Clean up here then have a report on my desk in the morning.” He walked toward the door.
“Where you off to?” The officer inquired. 
“To follow a lead, just have that report for me.” O’Malley left the house and hopped in his car and rushed to the UC Hospital.
Just returning from surgery, Key was rolled into a private room. Five minutes later, Nita entered the room, a worried expression on her face.
“Baby, are you ok?”
“My arms a little sore, but I’ll live. Could you please explain to me what went on at the house, because I’m lost? All I know is some lunatic tried to end me.’
“Baby, I’m sorry. Her name is Tiffany and was an old friend of mine. When I found out she was gay, we were still friends, until she did something I couldn’t forgive.”
“The stuff she was saying to me gave me the impression that y’all were more then friends. Nita, were married now, so I need you to tell the truth. There shouldn’t be no secrets between us.”
Nita sat quiet for a moment, on the edge of the bed. She fidgeted with her hand, before she spoke. “The day that I heard you were back in town, I was chilling with her smoking some weed at her house. When she left to go to the store, I fell asleep in her bed and started to dream about you. The dream was so intense, I thought it was real, but I woke up with her head between my legs.”
Key laid there listening to his wife’s lesbian experience. “All I can say is, you should have told me about it, even though it happen before us. I can’t be mad, because we weren’t together. Don’t even sweat that shit I’m alive right. So what you had a little lesbian experience.”
A big smile spread across Nita’s face. She hugged and kissed her husband, making him winced from the pain in his shoulder. “I’m sorry baby,” she said, with a titter.
Detective O’Malley decided to make his entrance with a evil smile across his face. “You know, Mr. Lenox, you’re a hard man to find.
“Is there a reason that you would be looking for me?” Key replied.

“Let’s see; bank fraud, forgery, embezzlement, murder. There’s a whole list of things I want to charge you with.”
“My husband needs his rest, so would you please leave!” Nita said.
“Mam, did you know your husband was a murderer, oh, you’re probably a accomplice. I advise you to find a good law—”
“I advise you to bring some evidence proving you allegations!” Nita snapped. “Until then, leave me and my family alone!”
O’Malley walked to the side of Key’s bed and bent down. Key could smell the stench of chewing tobacco on his breath. “I see your one of the smart ones. I’m impressed by the way every time we get close to you, somebody dies. I promise you I won’t rest until you’re either dead, or you’re locked up so long, the Ohio State Penitentiary will be the one to bury you.” O’Malley straightened up and winked at Key’s wife before he exited the room.
Key watched the Detectives receding back, wondering why the man had such of a hard on for him. He knew he covered all his loose ends, so he pushed the thought from his mind. 
Detective O’Malley sat in his car, plotting on ways to take care of his suspect, one way or another. He pulled his wallet out and ran a finger over the picture of his daughter at age thirteen. The last time he saw her was twelve years ago, before her mother packed up and left without notice. He named her after Katharine Mear, after her mother, Wonda Katharine Mear. A single tear rolled down his chubby cheek, as he thought of the daughter he never had a relationship with.
~~~~~
Moving up in status gave TJ the confident of a king, and after learning his lesson on how hood rats would do anything to get his money, he decided to stay faithful and treat Toy like a queen. He felt a King needed a proper abode and vehicle to carry him. He sat behind the wheel of a 2004 blue four door Maserati, in the driveway of the five-bedroom two-bath house him and Toy moved in two months ago.
TJ liked to just sit there listening to the quiet engine purr under the hood, before he left to handle business. He switched on the jazz station and took in the sound of Boone blowing soft melodies through his saxophone. Satisfied, he finally pulled out the driveway and headed out Hartwell to Caymou’s house. A week ago, he sat down and thought about how Key ran the operation and stayed out the day to day. He figured he could use somebody to handle all the drivers, so to keep him out of harms way. Out of all the candidates, Caymou was at the top of his list. He pulled up to his house and cut the engine. On his way up the sidewalk, he noticed a gray Ford Probe sitting in the driveway. Knowing Caymou didn’t like driving American cars, somebody was keeping him company. TJ knocked and waited.
Caymou opened the door and let TJ in. “What’s up bruh? You got something for me?”
As TJ made his self at home on Caymou’s couch, he became aware of a light skinned women sitting at the dining room table. When Caymou joined him on the couch, TJ nodded his head at her. “Who that?” He couldn’t tell how she was shaped, because she was sitting, but, he took in the beauty of her face.
“That’s my girl Persia,” Caymou replied.
“I’m sorry for what happen between you and Ni`chay, that shit was messed up.”
“Yeah, shit happens. It’s been a long time coming, anyway. I got one question for you though. Did you ever fuck her?”
TJ reminisced the night he spent with Ni`chay and how she made him feel like he was the only man in the world. He thought long and hard about his answer, and figured he was better off keeping it to himself. “Nah bruh, we never did anything.”
“It doesn’t matter anyway,” Caymou said. “What you got for me?” 
“I came to holla at you about taking over my position. What you would do is find your own drivers and collect money from them at the end of the day. You’ll make way more by collecting a percentage of what they withdraw. After a while, you won’t even have to drive.”
Caymou contemplated the situation. He thought about sitting back making money, without having to lift a finger. “Why me?”
“Bruh, you the only one I can trust. I’m dealing with some people that you don’t want to fuck with. All were doing is moving money for them. The check thing is dead.”
“Fuck it, I’m down.”
“Good,” TJ said. He pulled a thousand dollars out his pocket and handed it to Caymou. “This is for the new phones we need.” He grabbed his new I-Phone and showed it to him. “Trash the I-phone, these are what’s new.”
“A’ight, I got you. I’ll start looking for new drivers today.”
TJ stood up and shook Caymou’s hand. “Let me know when your ready, I got somebody for you to meet, that will make your life a little easier.” He left the house and hopped in his Maserati. On his way down seventy-five, he dialed Mimi’s number in his I-Phone.
“What’s the deal, TJ?” Mimi answered.
“I just wanted to let you know that I’m handling shit from now on.”
“I know, Key had a long talk with me.”
“Well look, I need you to meet somebody that you’ll be working with. This Saturday, meet me at the spot (Jillian’s) at one.” TJ ended the call, leaned back and thought about how Key felt as he hooked up a team that got him rich. He hoped he would be fortunate enough to follow in his footsteps. Only time would tell.
~~~~~
The time was twelve thirty and all the retailers surrounding Key’s Fashions was already close, leaving the parking lot deserted. The only vehicle left was Nita’s fifty thousand dollar BMW X5. She turned the lock in the front door, as she chatted on the phone with her cousin.
“Yeah girl, he doing alright. I’m on my way home to take care of my baby now.”
“Don’t forget that we got to count inventory for both stores tomorrow,” Toy said.
“I know. I’ll see you tomorrow.” Nita ended the call and dropped her phone in her Coach purse. On her way across the lot, she heard a scuffle behind her. Before she knew what was happening, something long and solid struck the side of her head, sending her flying to the asphalt, into the world of unconsciousness.
Nita opened here eyes with an excruciating headache. At first, her vision was blurry, making her surroundings unknown. Then she realized she was in the back seat of her truck, bound around the wrist. She felt the steady vibrations of the vehicle, telling her she was no longer by her store. A glance at the back of her drivers head sent instant recognition into her third eye.
The attacker turned around to face his captive. “So your finally awake. You thought you could just leave me, have a gun put in my mouth, and think you would be safe.” There was something eerie about the way he spoke. His voice was too calm for what he was doing.
Nita’s stomached turned as she looked into the eyes of the man she new all to well. “Jesse, why are you doing this?!”
“Bitch!” He exclaimed, then his voice mellowed out, scaring Nita even more. “I’m sorry, I forgot how you don’t like me to raise my voice at you.” He turned in his seat and continued to drive.
Nita struggled with her binds, but they were to tight to slip out. Her eyes searched around the back seat for her purse, finding it was nowhere in sight. At that point, all she could do was pray to the lord and wait for the outcome. Her heart skipped a beat when the truck drove over two minutes of rugged ground then stopped. She heard the driver side door open, then the crunch of grass under heavy footsteps, before the back door was open. She whispered the words “Jesus please help over and over, as she closed her eyes and waited.
Jesse mind was delusional. His life was going good until he walked in Key’s Fashion and caught a glimpse of Nita entering the back room. It was the first time he laid eye on her since the day she came to his house with uninvited company. Mix emotions entered his heart, as he took in her beauty. He left the store before she noticed his presences, and then parked his car around the back. He waited outside the store all night, anticipating the opportunity to snatch her, and get his revenge. It was to good to be true, when all the workers left, leaving her in the store alone.
Jesse climbed in the back seat and hovered over Nita. “Open your fucking eyes!
Nita looked in his eyes and didn’t see what she was expecting. Instead of seeing a face possessed by the Devil, she saw eyes with sadness of a little puppy. This was a look never seen on the face of Jesse. “You don’t have to do this, let me go and I won’t tell nobody what happen.”
“What!?” His face changed, as if he had split personalities. His fist raised and was brought down on Nita’s left cheek. The second blow connected in the same spot, fracturing the bone under her skin. Jesse continued to rain punches on her face, until she could hardly be recognized. Her face looked like a bloody pulped when he finished. He placed a finger under her nose, making sure she was still alive. He didn’t want to kill her, he wanted her to suffer and for no other man to ever want her. He took a switchblade and slid it down the side of her face, leaving a scar that couldn’t be fixed. After his business was finished, he jumped out the truck and disappeared in the woods.
A half hour after her vicious attack, Nita awoke to find Jesse gone. She frantically brought her arms from behind her back, by lifting her legs between them, and searched for her purse. She found it positioned on the passenger seat floor. Once retrieving her phone, she used the last of her energy to dial 911 and tell them she been mugged and they could trace her by her cell phone.  When the police and ambulance finally found her, she was sprawled across the two front seats in a coma, her face busted and swollen beyond recognition. If it weren’t for her identification, she would be another Jane Doe Laying in the hospital.
~~~~~~To Be Continued~~~~~~
