

FREEDOM CITY


by Peter Menadue


THE SEQUEL TO ‘WEBSTER CITY’


Published by Peter Menadue
Copyright 2019 Peter Menadue


“The crisis consists precisely in the fact that the old is dying and the new cannot be born; in this interregnum a great variety of morbid symptoms appear.” – Gramsci


OTHER NOVELS BY PETER MENADUE

The Bush Capital series

Crooked House
Paper Man
Spiked
Big Dirt
Bad State
Floating Wreckage 

The Gary Maddox series

Not Dead Yet
Hard Landing

The Webster City series

Webster City
Freedom City 

Miscellaneous novels

Overdue Item
Inside Out

Legal novels writing as ‘Mark Dryden’.

Torn Silk
Murder Brief
False Witness
Cut-throat Defence

CHAPTER ONE

A week after the Freedom Alliance conquered Webster City, Carl Davidson walked across its deserted central plaza towards the toppled statue of Alexander Webster. A ruthless wind tugged his overcoat. Pigeons squawked overhead.
The civic monuments that ringed the plaza - the Chancellor's Palace, the Hall of Guardians, the Webster Mausoleum and the New World Cathedral - looked sullen and defeated. Restless smoke seeped from the fire-gutted Mausoleum. In the distance, the shattered skyscrapers of Old Chicago stood over a much grander ruin.
A massive gilt-bronze statue of Alexander Webster once stood in the plaza and gazed across the whole city. Sunlight had made it shimmer with vitality. The Freedom Alliance blew it up to celebrate its victory. The head, torso and arms now lay separate. Chunks of the legs were scattered over a wide area. The gold-plated test tube that Webster once held aloft in triumph was blown a hundred yards away.
Davidson walked around the wreckage, slightly dazed. Alexander Webster - and the statue - once towered over his life. He was taught from childhood that in 2060 a super-virus escaped from a Russian military laboratory and extinguished the world's population. Only a small pocket of humanity near Chicago survived after a brilliant biochemist called Alexander Webster inoculated its members with a vaccine he developed. He founded Webster City as an ark of humanity and established the Webster Dynasty which ruled for 300 years until the Freedom Alliance deposed it. During those years, Alexander Webster had almost divine status.
However, Davidson recently discovered that almost everything he was taught about Alexander Webster was a lie. Webster was a genocidal preacher who released the super-virus that turned the Earth into a massive tomb. The only survivors were members of his church whom he had vaccinated. After founding Webster City and establishing the Webster Dynasty, he painted himself as the savior of humanity. He was, in fact, the greatest criminal in history, and the greatest liar.
That discovery devastated Davidson. His hero was evil incarnate and the city that Davidson had ferociously defended was built on a monstrous crime. Billions were murdered to give it life. That original sin could never be expunged.
While wandering around the remnants of the smashed statue, he wondered why he came to see it. He realized that he was still angry with Alexander Webster and angry with Webster City. He had hoped that seeing the shattered statue would soothe his anger. It did not.



CHAPTER TWO

Two weeks after the Freedom Alliance captured Webster City, Carl Davidson was living with Helen Watkins in her apartment in Sector 11. He liked her a lot, but refused to fall in love with her. They would probably both be dead soon. If she died first, he wanted to focus on survival, not mourning. He hoped she had the same attitude.
She left the apartment early that morning to buy food from a black-market vendor and took his original Rolex watch to pay for it.
The apartment still received some electricity, thank God, though the water stopped flowing a few days ago. Davidson carried a couple of empty buckets down to the sidewalk and filled them at a communal tap. He carried them back upstairs and washed in the bathroom. After putting on a skivvy and jeans, he sat at the kitchen table and ate porridge.
A loud crack. Another. Christ. Someone was busting down the front door. His Glock sat on a table in the living room, a million miles away. Idiot. Had he just killed himself? Probably.
Heavy boots clattered down the hallway. He considered grabbing a carving knife. Too late. Two bearded guys wearing red berets and camouflage uniforms - Alliance fighters - stepped through the doorway and pointed AK-47s at his chest. 
He raised his hands and braced to be shot off his chair; he prayed for a clean kill and, to his surprise, thought about Helen.
A fighter growled: “Don't fuckin' move.”
Still on the chair and still alive, thank God. “I won't. Stay cool.” 
Alliance fighters flitted past the doorway to the living room. Loud smashing of furniture.
A tall, handsome fighter with a colonel's lapels entered the kitchen holding the Glock. His own pistol clanked on his hip.
He waved the Glock in front of Davidson. “Nice pistol. An original?”
“Made in Austria more than 300 years ago.”
“I'm impressed. It’s well maintained. Let me introduce myself: I'm Colonel Eric Maxwell. I command Secretary Monroe's security detail.”
Davidson masked his surprise. Secretary Monroe was effectively the leader of the Alliance and famously secretive. Davidson had never seen him or heard him speak.
“How can I help?”
“You are, I assume, Major Carl Davidson of the Internal Security Bureau.”
“I was; I’m a civilian now.”
A frown. “You’re the man I want.”
“You could have knocked.”
A faint snarl. “I was told you were dangerous. Why take a chance? Where's your woman?”
“What woman?”
“The one who owns this apartment.”
“She’s dead. She died a couple of days ago.”
“I don’t believe you.”
“Why? Lots of people are dying these days. You should know - you’ve killed many of them.”
“Shut up. When’s she coming back?”
A shrug. “She isn’t. But, if you don’t believe me, wait around for her. It’s your time. Why are you here?”
“Secretary Monroe wants to see you.”
“Why?”
“He did not say.”
Davidson wanted to get the Alliance fighters out of the house before Helen returned, and stood up. “Alright, let's go.”
“Turn around, first.”
“Why?”
Maxwell reached into his combat smock and pulled out a pair of metal handcuffs. “I don't want you to run away. Then, I’ll have to shoot you.”
“Did Monroe tell you to cuff me?”
“None of your business. Turn around.”
Davidson sighed and did as told. Maxwell snapped the handcuffs over his wrists. “Now, move.”
“OK. Look after my Glock. I want it back, later.”
“I’ll think about it,” Maxwell said ominously. “Get moving.”
Davidson followed two Alliance fighters through the shattered front door; the other three trailed behind.
As they descended the fire-escape, Maxwell shoved Davidson a couple of times. Why was he so angry? Did Davidson offend him somehow, in the past, without realizing it?
A replica 1970s Cadillac was parked against the curb. A couple of Alliance fighters pushed Davidson onto the back seat and sandwiched him. Another fighter slipped behind the steering wheel and Maxwell sat beside him. The fifth fighter disappeared.
As the vehicle left the curb, Davidson said: “Where is Monroe headquartered?”
Maxwell said: “The Chancellor’s Palace.”
Chancellors drawn from the Webster family ruled Webster City for 300 years until the Alliance arrived. The Chancellor’s Palace was their seat of power.
Davidson said: “You mean, he's the new Chancellor?”
“Of course not. The Alliance intends to establish a democracy.”
“Before or after we all die of starvation?”
“Shut up.”
Davidson ignored Maxwell and looked out the window at a shattered city.  Two weeks ago, almost 7,000 Alliance fighters burst out of the Badlands to capture it. The City plunged into chaos. Fighters raped and pillaged; residents looted and settled scores. Almost 20,000 hardened criminals broke out of the main penitentiary and joined the mayhem.
Food, electricity and water supplies were now scarce. The dog and cat populations had disappeared into cooking pots. Rumors of cannibalism were rife.
The Cadillac hummed along desolate streets. Traffic was sparse; rubbish rotted on sidewalks; beggars stood on corners; shabby pedestrians flitted between dispirited buildings. Several people lay on sidewalks, either dead or almost dead. The City itself had a terminal disease beyond any cure.
For most citizens, escape was impossible. Webster City was the only city on Earth. Alliance fighters could survive outside it. Most citizens could not. They were trapped in a dying city with winter approaching.
The Cadillac spun around the central plaza and slipped between the wrought-iron gates of the massive mock-Georgian Chancellor’s Palace. It stopped under the main portico and Davidson was shoved out.
Maxwell led Davidson and his fighters into a marble entrance hall where a dozen Alliance fighters stood guard. Maxwell told the captain in charge that he had an appointment to see Secretary Monroe.
“He’s in the Chancellor’s Office, Sir.”
Maxwell led his small band through several massive halls towards that office. The first hall was lined with Old Masters, which nobody had bothered to loot or deface. The world had millions of magnificent art objects that nobody appreciated.
In the next room, where portraits of dead Chancellors lined the walls, the quality of the art plunged dramatically. In real life, the Chancellors had bristled with fanaticism and menace. Instead, the men staring out of the ornate frames looked like prosperous undertakers. The artists could not even flatter.
The group entered a tiny elevator that rose a couple of floors. They debouched into a circular rococo hall with a massive chandelier. On the far side, was the closed red-leather door of the Chancellor's Office.
Davidson had been in this hall before, with his boss, Colonel Prentice. Two weeks ago, the Chancellor, Joshua Webster, decided to emulate his ancestor, Alexander Webster, and release three canisters of the Agent Pandora super-virus in a last-ditch attempt to thwart the Freedom Alliance attack on the City. He would have killed all of humanity except for himself and a few loyalists he had inoculated.
Colonel Prentice and Davidson decided to turn traitor and stop him. They shot their way into the Chancellor’s Office. Then, the Colonel shot dead the Chancellor and was in turn shot dead. Only Davidson survived. He and Helen then dashed across the City to the airport and seized the three canisters before the super-virus was released. A few hours later, the Freedom Alliance conquered the City and took control of the canisters.
The Alliance had a list of enemies to be summarily executed. Davidson, who had a lot of Alliance blood on his hands, was one of them. However, the military leader of the Alliance, Commander Solon, spared his life to reward him for preventing the super-virus being released.
Davidson always feared that reprieve was temporary. That fear sharpened when the Central Committee of the Alliance arrived and sidelined Commander Solon. Secretary Monroe, the dominant figure on the Central Committee, effectively took control of the City and therefore Davidson’s fate. Davidson was about to meet him for the first time.
An unshaven captain in combat fatigues sat on a stool outside the Chancellor’s Office, whittling a stick. Shavings fluttered to the floor. 
Maxwell said: “Is Secretary Monroe inside?”
A lazy stare. “Yeah.”
“Can I see him?”
“Sure.”
Maxwell turned to his fighters. “Wait here with Davidson. Watch him carefully.” He pushed open the red-leather door and disappeared into the office.
Five minutes later, Maxwell reappeared and looked at Davidson. “Secretary Monroe wants to see you now. Follow me.”
Davidson stepped through the red-leather door into an office with an overcrowded decor. A massive oak desk sat in the middle. Mahogany bookshelves climbed every wall, except where a long window overlooked a courtyard. The bookshelves and desk were still pitted with bullet holes, but someone had sponged the human blood from the carpet. Davidson said a silent prayer for Colonel Prentice, that crazy-brave bastard. 
A man stood at the window, back to them, examining a Bonsai plant. Davidson felt a shiver of excitement. He was about to meet the legendary and reclusive Secretary Monroe.
When Davidson was a Major in the Internal Security Bureau, he hoovered up every speck of information he could find about Monroe. Most were vague or contradictory. Nobody was even sure what Monroe looked like. He was rumored to have a badly disfigured face, though that was never confirmed. Even his background was uncertain. Some of Davidson's spies claimed he was a high-school English teacher in Webster City who fled to the Badlands after impregnating a student; others claimed he was born in the Badlands and orphaned when a City military unit killed his parents. He did not seem to have a first name and nobody knew if “Monroe” was his real surname.
One thing was certain: at some point, he developed a bitter hatred for the City and spent 25 years building the Freedom Alliance into a political and military force capable of destroying it.
Davidson often tried to eliminate him. He sent three assassination teams into the New England area where Monroe was known to circulate. Two stumbled around without finding him; the third disappeared without a trace. He also paid several Alliance turncoats to kill him. None returned. They either went into hiding or were killed. 
The man at the window turned around and Davidson finally gazed upon his nemesis. He saw a man in his mid-fifties, with thinning hair and a bony face. A huge burn mark started just under his right eye and traveled around the side of his neck. The rumors about his disfigurement were true.
Maxwell said: “Secretary Monroe, this is Carl Davidson.”
Monroe said: “Thank you, Colonel. Did he cause any trouble?”
“He didn’t get a chance.”
“Good.” Monroe gazed at Davidson, daring him to stare at his defect, and spoke mildly. “As you heard, I am Secretary Monroe. Thank you for coming to see me.”
“I've wanted to meet you for a long time.” 
A smile crowded onto the healthy side of his face. “I'm sure you have. You’ve also wanted to kill me for a long time, haven’t you?”
No point denying that. “Yes.”
A dry cackle. Monroe looked at Maxwell. “Colonel, I won't need you any longer. Please leave us.” 
The Colonel stiffened. “I think I should stay.”
“Why?”
“Davidson is very dangerous.”
“He's also handcuffed. Wait outside. I’ll push the buzzer if I need you.”
Anger oozed from his eyes. “Yes, sir.”
Maxwell strode out and Davidson assessed whether he could kill Monroe while handcuffed. He'd have to bring Monroe down with a leg sweep and stomp on his windpipe before Maxwell returned and shot him dead. He gave himself a 75 percent chance of killing Monroe and a 100 percent chance being killed. He was not ready to commit suicide, yet.
Monroe nodded towards the plant beside him. “Chancellors have nurtured this Bonsai plant for almost two centuries. I feel obliged to keep it alive. It is also quite fascinating. It is too bad the Japanese disappeared, isn’t it? Such an interesting race.”
Monroe had obviously slipped, very comfortably, into the shoes of the Chancellors.  “We have Alexander Webster to thank for their disappearance.”
“We certainly do.”
Monroe limped across to his desk, wincing slightly, and sat within easy reach of the buzzer. The odds of Davidson killing him before Maxwell arrived plunged below 10 percent.
Monroe sighed. “That's better. My leg hurts when I stand for too long. The City is to blame for that.”
“Why?”
“About ten years ago, one of your units raided a base near New York where I was spending the night. A rocket-propelled grenade came through a window and shredded my leg. I was stretchered away and the doctor could not repair all of the damage. Did you know how close you came to killing me?”
“I had no idea.”
“Hah. In fact, you came close several times. You bribed traitors to eliminate me, didn’t you? We caught all of them. You know why?”
“Why?”
An effortless sneer. “I can smell traitors; it is my sixth-sense.”
Davidson's mouth went dry. “You executed them?”
“Of course.”
“Are you sure they were traitors?”
“They all confessed.” 
“Under torture?”
“Of course.”
“I don’t believe in torture. It produces too much false information.”
A frown. “Really? I found the traitors very believable. They confessed that you sent them. In fact, they told me a lot about you. I built up a mental picture of you and you became a part of my life. I sensed you probing for a weakness and waiting for a mistake. I hoped to meet you one day. I never thought it would be in this office. I assumed that I would be interrogating you or you would be interrogating me. Life is strange, isn’t it?” Monroe pointed to an armchair. “Please, sit down.”
 Davidson perched on the edge of the chair, hands cuffed behind his back.
Monroe said: “You were here, weren’t you, when Colonel Prentice killed the last Chancellor?”
“That's right.”
A deformed smile. “I find it truly ironic that the only two people in this whole City who I truly feared changed sides at the end.”
Davidson shrugged. “We had no choice. We couldn’t let the Chancellor release the super-virus. He would have killed everyone except himself and a few supporters.”
“He certainly would have destroyed the Alliance. So, I must thank you for what you did.”
The Alliance had not publicly acknowledged that the last Chancellor tried to release a super-virus and was thwarted. It did not want a panic. It certainly had not revealed that Prentice and Davidson saved humanity. That would not fit into the Alliance’s triumphant narrative.
Davidson said: “Does that mean you’ll erect statues of the Colonel and me?”
A surprisingly jolly laugh. “No. You deserve them. But I’m only offering you private thanks.”
“Thank you, anyway.”
An ominous tone. “However, your late conversion to decency puts me in a quandary.”
Davidson’s throat constricted. “Why?”
Instead of answering directly, Monroe pointed at a large pile of manila folders on his desk. “The Chancellors were despicable, but I do admire the meticulous way they kept files on everyone in this city. That must have required a huge effort, though I guess you can’t run a police state without files, can you?” 
“Actually, I think you can. If the Chancellors had devoted those resources to fighting the Alliance, you might not be sitting where you are right now.”
A wry grin. “Really? In any event, I've enjoyed reading the files, especially your personnel file. You killed a lot of Alliance fighters and spies; you were very good at your job.”
Davidson refused to apologize. “Thank you.”
“So, you can see my quandary. Before our assault on the City, I drew up a list of people to be rounded up and liquidated. Your name occupied a prominent place. You know that, don't you?”
Davidson swallowed a pebble. “Yes.”
“Then Commander Solon - without consulting the Central Committee, I should add - took you off that list, for services rendered. However, I'm not sure he made the right decision.” A long pause. “Maybe, I should put you back on it.”
Davidson visualized himself being hustled out of the office, pushed against a wall and shot. He shivered inside. However, if Monroe intended to order that, he would have done so already. Monroe wanted something. What?
Davidson said: “Can I help you in some way?”
A hooded smile. “I like dealing with bright people. Yes, you can.”
“How?”
“I want you to find Isaiah Webster.”
That request stunned Davidson. Isaiah Webster was the only son of the last Chancellor, Joshua Webster, and therefore his heir apparent. Davidson met him a few times at official functions. A wall-eyed man who wore uniforms spattered with medals he did not earn. He was a nasty and arrogant playboy. Most members of the Webster Dynasty had a huge sense of entitlement. He outdid them all.
The death of his father made him the last possible rallying point for the Webster Dynasty. The Alliance must have earmarked him for death. Davidson was surprised he had survived. “He slipped through your net?”
“Yes, he went to ground when we took the City. We think he’s moving between safe houses with a squad of Palace Guardsmen.”
The Palace Guard was an elite unit that protected Chancellors for almost two hundred years. Many Guardsmen were fanatically loyal to the Webster Dynasty. Davidson was not surprised to hear that some had clung to Isaiah Webster.
“Do you consider him a threat?”
“I didn’t yesterday; I do today.”
“Why?”
“He has seized the canisters of Agent Pandora that you recovered and a large stock of the vaccine.”
That revelation shook Davidson. When the Alliance took control of the super-virus, it promised to destroy it. “How the hell did that happen?”
“We stored the canisters at the Center for Disease Control while we decided how to destroy them. The best option was incineration. However, the Center did not have the right equipment. So, we decided to sink them to the bottom of Lake Michigan. However, before we could, Isaiah Webster stole them.”
“How did he do that?”
“Thirty Alliance fighters were guarding the Center last night. Most were asleep, I’m afraid, when about 50 heavily armed men attacked it. They killed most of our fighters and blew up the Center before escaping.”
Davidson heard explosions and ferocious shooting during the night. That sort of cacophony was so familiar, these days, that he ignored it. “If the building was destroyed, how do you know someone stole the canisters?”
“We searched the rubble and did not find them. They were obviously taken.”
“You also think some vaccine was taken?”
“Yes. The vaccine storage area was gutted, like the rest of the building. We can't do an inventory. But nobody would take the super-virus without the vaccine.”
This was all bad news. Any group that stole the super-virus could, after inoculating its members, use it to destroy its enemies. The rest of humanity would also die, of course. But the group might not care.
“How do you know Isaiah Webster was behind this?”
“The unit at the Center sent out a radio distress call. A relief column was sent out. Colonel Maxwell was in charge. It ran into some attackers trying to escape. One was wounded and captured. He confessed that he was a Palace Guardsman and Isaiah Webster led the attack.”
“What has happened to the Guardsman?”
“He, umm, died of his wounds.”
Or was shot in the back of the head. “Do you think that Isaiah Webster will release the super-virus?”
“Of course. He knows that, when we catch up with him, he won't last long. But, if he vaccinates his followers and releases it, he can wipe us out and retake control of the City. He will rule over a graveyard, of course. However, that beats the hell out of being in a graveyard. And don’t forget that the Webster Dynasty has a track-record of releasing this super-virus. The first Chancellor, Alexander Webster, used it to kill most of humanity; his descendant, Joshua Webster, tried a similar trick and you stopped him. I’m sure that Isaiah Webster will want to carry on the family tradition.”
Davidson said: “So, you want me to find Isaiah?
“Yes.”
“Did the Guardsman you captured say where he’s hiding?”
“No. He said that Isaiah moves to a new location every night.”
“Why do you want me to find him?”
“Simple. Hunting for people in this city is your specialty. You have excellent informants and know the City better than anyone. If anyone can track him down, you can.”
That was true. “If I find him, what do you want me to do? Capture him?”
A stern look. “No, just tell me his location. I’ll arrange for him to be, umm, eliminated and the canisters recovered. Will you do this job?”
Davidson had no choice. The alternative was a bullet and oblivion. But he did not want to appear too eager. Monroe would distrust that. “What's in it for me?”
“If you find Webster, you’ll have the satisfaction of saving humanity - which includes yourself, of course - from destruction. Indeed, you’ll finish the job you started. I’ll also take you off my death list, permanently. In fact, I'll give you employment. I need someone with your talent.”
“What would I do?”
A smug smile. “Fight the enemies of democracy, of course.” 
Davidson suppressed a laugh. “If you recover the canisters, what will you do with them?”
“I’ll send them to the bottom of Lake Michigan wrapped in concrete. Will you undertake this mission?”
Davidson distrusted Monroe and wondered if he was telling the truth. Was Isaiah Webster still alive? Did he steal the canisters of Agent Pandora? Or was Monroe sending him on a wild goose chase for some reason? Impossible to say. Only one thing was certain: if Davidson declined this mission, he would be shot out of hand. Still, he could not resist annoying the guy. 
“Before I answer that, tell me this: what is the point?”
A fierce squint. “What do you mean?”
“This city is falling apart. We'll all be dead soon. If Isaiah Webster releases the super-virus, he’ll be putting us out of our misery.”
The facial burn-mark flared. “Don't be so pessimistic. The Alliance expected some, umm, disruption when we captured the City. The old is being swept aside. A terrible beauty is being born. The situation will stabilize. We’ll bring order and feed the population.”
“When? How?”
“None of your business. Will you find Isaiah Webster?”
“Yes.”
A suspicious stare. “Good. Report to me on your progress every second day at noon. Come and see me here, in this office.”
“What if I need to contact you urgently?”
Monroe scrawled on a piece of paper and pushed it towards Davidson. “That's the number of the phone on this desk. Call and I'll answer it.”
Davidson stood and, despite being handcuffed, clumsily slipped the piece of paper into his back pocket. “Will do.” 
“Don’t tell anyone about your mission. I have, of course, informed Colonel Maxwell and the Central Committee about it. I do not want anyone else to know. Few people know that the last Chancellor tried to release a super-virus when the Alliance attacked; even fewer that Isaiah Webster is still alive and has that super-virus. I want to keep it that way; I don't want a panic.” 
“Very wise. Now, will you take off these handcuffs?”
“Colonel Maxwell attend to that when you’ve left the Palace.”
Monroe hit the buzzer on his desk. Maxwell and an Alliance fighter steamed into the office, ready to gun down Davidson if necessary. They frowned and lowered their weapons.
Monroe looked at Maxwell. “Davidson has agreed to undertake the mission I mentioned. Please escort him from the Palace.”
Maxwell snarled. “Follow me.”
Monroe said to Davidson. “Make sure you report back.”
“I will.”
Maxwell led Davidson out of the office, past the captain whittling his stick, and across the marble hall towards the lift.
A terrible beauty is being born.
 Davidson reflected that most people born in the Badlands spoke fractured English with a strange twang. Secretary Monroe was articulate and that phrase came from a Yeats poem. Monroe was rumored to be a former English teacher who fled the City after making a student pregnant. Maybe that was true.


CHAPTER THREE

Colonel Maxwell led the handcuffed Davidson through the main portico of the Chancellor’s Palace into the blinking sunshine. The treeless central plaza spread out before them. The shattered remains of the statue of Alexander Webster lay in the middle-distance.
It was once part of Webster City folklore that, if the City was ever threatened, the Webster statue would come to life and save it. Davidson had regarded himself as a rational man. Yet, he half-believed that. There was no chance of it happening now.
Maxwell fished the Glock and a key out of separate pockets. “Turn around.” 
Davidson did as told and braced for a bullet in the back of the head. He shivered with delight when the handcuffs sprung open.  
Maxwell stepped back. “You can go.”
Davidson turned around. “Give me a lift back to my apartment.” 
A snarl. “You'll have to walk.”
“It's five miles.”
“You'll make it.” 
Davidson extended his hand. “Give me back my Glock.”
A smile. “I think I keep it.”
“That would be a big mistake.”
Maxwell pointed the Glock straight at Davidson's forehead. “Really? I could settle that issue right now.”
Davidson fought to keep his voice steady. “Secretary Monroe gave me an important mission. He'll be angry if you kill me.”
A smile. “I'll say you attacked me.”
“He'll still be angry.”
A shrug. “He'll get over it. We have a good working relationship.”
Davidson backed out of the trouble he caused. “Then keep it.”
Maxwell smiled and let his trigger-finger whitened, before lowering the Glock. “I will.”
Davidson hid his fear and rubbed his wrists. “Did I do something to upset you, in the past?”
“Yes.”
“What?”
A glare. “You don't need to know, yet.” He disappeared back into the Palace.
Davidson glanced at the ruins of the statue. He inspected them a week ago and had no reason to revisit them. Instead, he headed across the desolate plaza towards Helen's apartment. His skivvy offered little protection against the ruthless wind.
He reflected on his meeting with Secretary Monroe. Was Isaiah Webster really alive? Did he steal the canisters of Agenda Pandora super-virus? Davidson suspected that Monroe had a hidden agenda, but had no idea what it might be.
Something else about the meeting made him uncomfortable. What? Half-way across the plaza, it struck him. Monroe obviously trusted no-one. He certainly did not trust Davidson. Yet he assigned Davidson an important mission with no guarantee Davidson would perform it and not betray him. Monroe would normally want some sort of leverage over Davidson to ensure he did as he was told. But Monroe had none.
Or did he?
The only way Monroe could get leverage over Davidson was to obtain a hostage. The only available hostage was Helen.
Jesus. Davidson's heart butted his chest wall. He kept telling himself he did not love her and would not grieve if she disappeared. That was rubbish. He could not afford to lose her. She was all he had left. If she died, he would plunge into an abyss of loneliness.
He bet that, when Maxwell broke into the apartment that morning, he expected to find Helen there and planned to grab her. Fortunately, she left the apartment early that morning to do some black-market shopping. That obviously disrupted Monroe’s plan.
Monroe would have the apartment staked out right now. Helen said she would probably be away for a couple of hours. If Davidson hurried, he might reach the apartment before she returned. It was five miles away. He desperately needed transport. However, there were almost no vehicles on the roads.
A canopied troop truck was parked on the far side of the plaza, in front of the marble-colonnaded Hall of Guardians. An Alliance fighter stood beside it, smoking, waiting for someone. Who?  Davidson picked up a cigarette butt and strode towards him.
He was about 20 yards away when the fighter turned and spotted him. Davidson started ambling. The fighter was a fresh-faced kid with an AK-47 draped from his shoulder. He nervously unslung his rifle and pointed it at Davidson, who held up the cigarette butt. “Hey, buddy, got a light?”
The kid waved his rifle nervously. “Don’t move.”
Most people find it difficult to shoot an unarmed man trying to be friendly. Davidson kept smiling and kept talking. “Come on, I only want a light. I’m desperate for a smoke. Surely, …”
The kid hesitated and lost the edge. All ISB officers were taught karate. Davidson won the ISB tournament most years. As soon as he could reach the rifle barrel, he brushed it aside, stepped close and kneed the kid in the groin.  An elbow strike to the head put the kid on the ground, motionless, blood pouring from nose and mouth. The kid was probably alive. Davidson had no time to check.
He picked up the rifle, crouched over the body and felt around for the ignition key. Couldn’t find it.  Hell.
“Hey,” someone yelled.
He looked up. Half-a-dozen Alliance fighters were bounding down the marble steps of the Hall of Guardians, all heavily armed. Oh, Christ.
Maybe the key was in the ignition. If it wasn’t, he would soon be a bullet-riddled carcass. He flung opened the driver's door and looked at the ignition. The key was there!
He tossed the rifle into the cabin, jumped behind the steering wheel and turned the key. The engine roared and a bullet slammed into the truck.
He stomped on the accelerator as bullets clattered into the chassis. The windscreen exploded. A couple of bullets smacked the metal dashboard. The truck roared and leaped forward. More bullets peppered it. He turned right into a wide boulevard and the Hall of Guardians shielded him from the shooters.
The boulevard was almost empty, except for scattered rubbish and abandoned vehicles. All traffic lights were dead. He barreled along, confident that nobody would try to stop an Alliance troop truck.
Five miles later, he slowed as he approached the apartment. A big black Cadillac was parked against the curb, with someone behind the wheel. They obviously hadn't grabbed Helen yet. There were probably Alliance fighters inside, waiting for her.
He pulled up against the curb, thirty yards behind the Cadillac, and pondered his next move. Await developments or go inside and neutralize any fighters inside? After a minute, he decided to enter via the rear entrance.
He was about to climb out of the truck when two Alliance fighters emerged from the building, hefting AK-47s, with Helen sandwiched between them. She was not handcuffed. They hustled her across the sidewalk, shoved her onto the back seat of the Cadillac and sat on either side.
Davidson considered following the Cadillac and picking the right moment to rescue her. But the Cadillac was much faster than the truck and might disappear. That prospect terrified him. Helen was an ex-cop and a survivor.  If he gave her a chance to escape the vehicle, she probably would. But he had to give her that chance.
His truck was already rolling when the Cadillac pulled away from the curb.  He stomped on the accelerator and rear-ended it. The truck merely shook, but the Cadillac spun around and slammed into an abandoned car. 
Davidson pulled the handbrake and jumped from the cabin, holding the rifle. The driver of the Cadillac climbed groggily from his vehicle. Davidson rifle-butted the side of his head and sent him toppling back inside.
A fighter staggered from the far side of the vehicle, lurched to his right and tried to level his rifle at Davidson. Davidson shot him in the head and he went down.
He looked inside the Cadillac. Helen was wrestling with the third fighter for possession of his pistol. The fighter was obviously much stronger and would win that struggle. Davidson pushed his rifle through the open window and shot him through the neck. He arched back, spraying blood. 
As Helen yelped and crawled out through the far door, Davidson glanced around and saw that the street was still deserted. The gunshots should keep it that way.
Helen stumbled around towards him with blood on her face and corduroy jacket.
Christ. Her blood? Concern for her almost choked him. “You alright?”
Glazed eyes. “What the hell is going on?”
He raised his voice. “Are you alright?”
She snapped out of her funk and rubbed her body as if checking for bullet holes. “Yes, yes, I’m OK.”
“Good.”
“But what …”
He ignored her and checked the front of the truck. The heavy bull-bar was barely scratched. The truck would still roll.
A few days ago, they packed suitcases with clothes and a few personal effects in case they had to leave in a hurry. That time had arrived.
He handed her his rifle. “I‘ll tell you what’s happening soon. Right now, I’ve got to get the suitcases. Wait here and shoot anything that breathes.”
He rushed up the stairs and through the shattered front door of her apartment. The rucksack she used that morning lay in the hallway. He glanced inside and saw black-market food. He slung it over his shoulder.
The packed suitcases were in the wardrobe of the main bedroom. He pulled them out - God, they were heavy - and hefted them downstairs, where he threw them and the rucksack into the back of the truck. The whole operation took about two minutes. 
Helen stood with her back against a tree, rifle ready.
Breathing hard, he nodded at the fighters he shot. “Did you check them?”
“Yep. One dead; one almost dead and the driver unconscious.”
He picked up a dropped rifle. “Is there anything valuable in the apartment you want to take? This is your last chance to get them. We're not coming back.”
“Some jewelry - some photographs.”
“Then get them. You’ve got five minutes, max.”
“OK.”
She scrambled into the building.
Davidson got behind the wheel of the truck and waited for her, nervously scanning up and down the boulevard for a threat. Several citizens appeared in the far distance and studied the scene, not daring to come close.
After only three minutes, Helen scuttled from the apartment building, half-dragging a bulky draw-string bag, and climbed onto the seat beside him, breathing hard. “Done.”
He put the truck in gear and sped off.
She said: “Why the hell did they try to kidnap me?”
“Secretary Monroe wanted you as a hostage.”
“Me? Why?”
“To make sure I did what I was told.”
“What are you talking about?”
“I’ll tell you everything when we get where we're going.”
“Where’s that?”
“An ISB safe house in Sector 4.”
“OK.”
“On the way, I want to swing past your old place of work.”
“The Center for Disease Control?”
“Yep.”
“Why?”
“I’ve heard it's now a heap of rubble.”
“Shit.”
It was surprisingly easy to drive around the City. The Alliance set up check-points soon after it captured the City. They had disappeared and there was little traffic. The biggest danger was that a band of desperate civilians would ambush their vehicle. However, nobody wanted to tangle with an Alliance troop truck.
He drove along Pasteur Boulevard for three miles and discovered that Secretary Monroe told the truth about the state of the Center for Disease Control. The three-story building was now one story of charred and twisted wreckage. Black smoke writhed into the air. Someone took great care to ensure total destruction. Explosives and accelerants were obviously used. The scene gave some credence to Monroe's story that Isaiah Webster stole the Agent Pandora super-virus and some vaccine, though not much. Davidson doubted that Isaiah could cause this much destruction during a hit-and-run raid.
Helen stared at her former place of employment. “My God. What happened? Who did this?”
“Let's get to the safe house and I'll tell you the small amount that I know.”


CHAPTER FOUR

When Davidson was a Major in the Internal Security Bureau, he used several safe houses dotted around Webster City to meet informants who did not want to parade in and out of ISB headquarters. One was in Sector 4, a commercial zone filled with warehouses, repair shops, wholesale suppliers and small factories. Most of the City's gambling dens and brothels were also tucked away inside it. The City elite loved preaching against vice while rubbing up against it.
After the fall of the City, Alliance fighters flooded into the sector and looted almost everything they could load onto the back of a truck. Machinery and consumer goods were especially prized. For the sheer joy of wanton destruction, they also smashed or torched almost everything else and clogged the streets with debris. The zone was now a ghost-town.
The safe house was a ramshackle apartment perched awkwardly above a bicycle repair shop. Davidson drove past the front of the shop. The shutters were down and it appeared undamaged, thank God. He swung around the block and entered the rear lane. After squeezing past a couple of burnt-out vehicles, he stopped beside a large garage door which he unlocked and raised.
He drove inside and closed the door behind him. Then, he and Helen climbed into the back of the canopied truck and assessed its contents. There was plenty of food, ammunition and clothing, and even several cans of gas.
They unloaded their suitcases and carried them up an internal staircase to the apartment above. It only had one bedroom, a living room, a kitchenette and a tiny bathroom. Dust-covered rickety furniture. The cathode-ray television would not be needed again.
They parked the suitcases in the bedroom and returned to the living room.
He said: “No palace.”
“I'm not complaining.” She entered the kitchenette and turned on the taps. “Water, thank God. A miracle.” She flicked a light switch. Nothing. “But no light. We should have brought some lamps.”
“We’ll find some tomorrow.”
“Are there any sheets?”
“Don't know. That was not my responsibility.”
“You were too high and mighty to worry about linen?”
He smiled. “Definitely.”
She sat on a creaky couch. “Thanks for saving my ass back there. Things looked pretty hairy.”
“You would have done the same for me.”
She smiled. “True, though not as well.”
“Did they say why they wanted you?”
“No. They just said they were taking me to the Maximum Security Unit.”
“You mean, the one attached to Webster Penitentiary?”
“I assume so. You said that Secretary Monroe wanted me as a hostage. Why?”
“To make sure I perform a mission he gave me this morning.”
“What mission?”
“To find Isaiah Webster.”
She whistled. “Wow. He’s still alive.”
“That’s what Monroe claims.”
“So, you spoke to Monroe this morning?”
“Yes. After you left the apartment, some goons turned up and carted me off to see him at the Palace.”
“That's his base?”
“Yes. I think he wants to become the new Chancellor.”
“The Alliance claims it wants freedom and democracy.”
A grin. “Some might. But Monroe struck me as a creepy megalomaniac. He's spent decades fighting for power. He earned it; he’s entitled to it; he won't give it up easily.”
“Did you explain that he’ll soon be ruling over a graveyard?”
“I mentioned that. It didn't seem to register. He's obviously eating well and sleeping on clean sheets. So are his supporters. He doesn't think there’s a big problem.”
“Christ, he should just look out the window.”
“I know.”
“So, he asked you to track down Isaiah Webster?”
“Yes.”
“I’m amazed he’s still alive.”
“So am I. But Monroe claims he’s cruising around the City with a rag-tag bunch of Palace Guardsmen.” 
“Do you believe him?”
“I have zero faith in Monroe. However, it is quite possible that Isaiah is still on the loose and hopes to restore the fortunes of his family.”
“He can’t do that, can he?”
“I would normally say you’re right. However, Monroe claims that Isaiah attacked the Center for Disease Control last night and seized the three canisters of Agent Pandora stored there.”
Her mouth dropped open. “My God.”
“He also claims Isaiah stole enough vaccine to inoculate himself and his supporters.”
“Do you believe Monroe?”
“No. All I know is that the Agent Pandora super-virus and a stock of vaccine were at the Center, which is now a smoking ruin. The rest is a big mystery. I don't know what game Monroe is playing.”
“Maybe he’s got it and has sent you off on a wild goose chase for some reason.”
“That occurred to me.”
“And what did you decide?”
“I decided to wait and see what I found out.”
She sighed. “Maybe we should leave this City and try our luck outside it. We could find out what happened to your brother.”
Davidson’s only sibling, Ted, disappeared fifteen years ago while taking part in an Air Cavalry raid in Kansas. His commander reported him dead, though nobody saw him die or found his body. Davidson's rational side said Ted must be dead. But Ted had yearned to escape the City. So, Davidson sometimes fantasized that Ted deserted and was still alive.
He had toyed with the idea of heading for Kansas to investigate what happened, but now shook his head. “No point. We probably wouldn’t make it and, if someone stole the Agent Pandora and plans to release it, we won't be safe there or anywhere else.”
“You mean, you want to recover it?”
“If I can.”
She smiled. “You don't give up, do you?”
“Someone has to get it back.”
“Why you?”
A shrug. “I’ve got plenty of time on my hands.”
“Don’t we all. What’s your plan?”
“My only plan is to have another chat with Commander Solon. Maybe he knows what's going on.”
Solon, the military commander of the Alliance, spared Davidson after the fall of the City. He was now locked in a power struggle with Monroe.
Helen said: “When will you do that?”
“Tomorrow morning.”
“Can you trust him?”
“I think so. I have no choice. I need information and at least one strong ally.”
Helen hunted around and found some clean linen and thick blankets, which she put on the bed. That evening, they lay together, holding hands and hoarding their thoughts. A lamp flickered on the bedside table. Cold air whistled through cracks in the walls.  
He had promised himself that he would not fall in love with her and risk having to grieve when she died. However, Monroe’s attempt to take her hostage had proved he was fooling himself. Her life was far more important than his own. He wanted to die first and not suffer a meaningless life without her.
He wondered if the glue that stuck them together was shared danger. Would he find her so attractive if the world was safe and sane? He sensed he would. He loved her strength of character and unaffected manner, and solid laugh. She didn’t act like a woman - she was one. It would be lovely to share with her a time of peace and quiet.
He wondered if she felt the same about him. She had not spoken about her feelings. But, in the middle of the night, she rolled over and held him so tight that he lost circulation in his arm.



CHAPTER FIVE

Soon after he established Webster City, Alexander Webster founded the New World Church of Christ and ordered the execution of anyone who belonged to another religious group. The new Church espoused traditional Christian dogma, and a belief that God specially chose Alexander Webster to save mankind and found the City as an ark of humanity.
Webster City’s public buildings were pompous replicas of historical landmarks erected before the Great Plague. The headquarters of the New World Church was a mock-Gothic cathedral facing onto the central plaza. During the reign of the Webster Dynasty, each of its three Sunday services had 8,000 worshippers. Now, it was a drafty hall where homeless people used the pews as firewood.
The incumbent Chancellor was always the spiritual head of the Church. However, the Bishop of Webster City administered the Church and presided over the Cathedral. He lived in an ersatz Second Empire mansion tucked behind it. The last Bishop knew that the Alliance had earmarked him for death.  He often told his flock that death was just the beginning of a journey which ended at the feet of a loving God. However, instead of embarking on that journey, he went into hiding with his housekeeper-mistress and several hundred bottles of fine wine.
Commander Solon soon established his headquarters inside the Bishop’s mansion. The next morning, Davidson parked the stolen Alliance truck a couple of blocks from the mansion and approached it on foot. He wore an Alliance combat smock and had a Ruger 9mm pistol tucked in a pocket.
It amused Davidson that the only person in the City whom he trusted, besides Helen, was once his sworn enemy and someone he still hardly knew. He did not even know if “Solon” was his real name. But he did know that Solon spared his life for no reason except decency. Most military leaders would not have bothered. Solon did. That was basically all Davidson needed to know about him. However, he also felt a kinship. They had spent most of their lives fighting the war that had just ended. They had, to their surprise, emerged alive and now faced cold and uncertain futures; they had to reinvent themselves and knew not how.
A wrought-iron arch stood at the entrance of the Cathedral grounds. Davidson walked under it and up a curved road towards the Bishop’s mansion. On his right, a large cemetery looked like it had oozed out of the Cathedral and down a gentle slope. A sandbag emplacement with a heavy machine-gun sat in front of the mansion; a sergeant and private, wearing the distinctive blue caps of Solon's personal bodyguards, stood inside it. Davidson had previously met Sergeant McCool, a bulky guy from Tennessee. 
McCool stepped forward, his right hand hanging near a holstered pistol. “What do you want?”
“To see Commander Solon.”
“You got an appointment?” 
“No.” 
“You armed?” 
“Of course.”
An uncertain nod. “Alright. Walk over to the two guards at the entrance of the mansion and tell them your business. I'll be covering you from here.”
The Sergeant stepped back into the emplacement and Davidson crunched across gravel to a canopied entrance, keen not to frighten the sergeant.
The two blue-capped fighters at the entrance casually unslung AK-47s and pointed them at his chest.
“Morning, gentlemen. My name is Carl Davidson. I'm here to see Commander Solon.” 
The taller one yelled over his shoulder. “Captain, a visitor.”
A few seconds later, the head of the bodyguard detail, Captain Owen Larkin, emerged from the building, crossed the porch and descended several marble steps. Larkin was a tall towhead from Missouri who Davidson had met several times.
Larkin said: “Hello Carl, here to see the Commander?”
“Yes.”
“Armed?”
“Definitely.”
Larkin hesitated. “Then don’t shoot anyone. Follow me.”
Davidson followed Larkin along several dingy corridors with pressed-tin floral wall panels and stopped outside the main study. “He's in there.”
Davidson stepped into a large room overcrowded with heavy Victorian furniture. Small lead-lined windows accentuated the gloom. Solon sat behind a massive mahogany desk, writing on a pad. He had left a large painting of Alexander Webster hanging on the wall behind him, which showed he had a sense of humor.  
Alexander Webster was a white supremacist who only inoculated his white followers before releasing the Agent Pandora super-virus. However, a tiny number of unvaxxed humans with resilient immune systems survived the Great Plague. Some were black. Solon descended from them and was the first black person Davidson had ever met.
He was also a brilliant soldier who spent 20 years patching together the fractious army of 7,000 that conquered the only city on Earth.  However, for him, the moment of victory was the beginning of defeat. His army, always a loose coalition of factions, started to dissolve. Many of his most loyal and disciplined brigades returned home. The worst hung around to rape and pillage. Solon had numerous offenders executed, but that just created resentment.
Soon after the fall of the City, he admitted to Davidson that he never imagined that victory would create so many problems. “I didn't realize that cities and armies don't mix. Victory turned most of my army into a criminal gang.”
The other blow to his authority was the arrival of Secretary Monroe in the City. Monroe was a ruthless and ambitious politician who had spent years manipulating the factional leaders of the Alliance. Apart from commanding a bodyguard of 600 fighters, he also controlled the food and other essential supplies that sustained the Alliance troops in the City. To consolidate his position, he had created an enclave of about 60,000 supporters in the southern part of the City. Meanwhile, the rest of the City was allowed to wither away.
Two weeks ago, Solon looked triumphant when his victorious fighters flooded onto the central plaza and blew up the statue of Alexander Webster. Now, sitting behind his desk, he looked gray and tired. A weak smile. “Hello, Carl, why are you here?”
“I want to tell you about my chat with Secretary Monroe, yesterday morning, at the Palace.”
Genuine surprise. “You went to see him?”
“No, some goons took me to see him.” 
“Who was in charge?”
“A guy called ‘Colonel Maxwell'.” 
“That makes sense. He runs Monroe's security detail and does most of his dirty work. Why did Monroe want to see you?” 
“He wanted me to find Isaiah Webster.”
Solon’s eyes widened further. “Really?”
“Yes. Did you know he was still alive?”
“I’ve assumed that he was. I’ve seen no evidence that he’s dead. He obviously went to ground after we captured the City.” 
“Did you try to find him?”
“There was no point. He was not a threat. I decided to wait until he resurfaced and deal with him them. Why does Monroe want you to find him?”
“Monroe thinks he is a threat - a big one.” 
“Why?” 
“Monroe claims that, the night before last, Webster and some former Palace Guardsmen attacked the Center for Disease Control; they stole the three canisters of Agent Pandora stored there, and the vaccine against it.”
Solon rocked back in his chair. “Well, well, well …”
“Is that true?”
“All I know is that, two nights ago, a heavily armed group attacked the Center and wiped out the guards on duty. A couple of my officers heard about the attack and went to investigate. They found Maxwell and a relief column already there. Maxwell claimed the attackers stole the canisters of Agent Pandora and disappeared. He didn’t mention Isaiah Webster. Are you saying Secretary Monroe now blames Webster?”
“Yes.”
“On what basis?”
“Monroe claims that Maxwell captured an attacker, who spilled the beans about Webster.”
Raised eyebrows. “Maxwell said nothing about that to my officers.”
“Maybe Monroe lied to me about the involvement of Isaiah Webster – Webster had nothing to do with the attack.”
“Then who did?”
“Maybe it was an inside job.”
Raised eyebrows. “Monroe?”
“Yes.”
“Why would he order it?”
“The ruthless bastard wants to use the Agent Pandora against his enemies.”
 “Maybe. But why blame Isaiah Webster, and then ask you to find him?”
A shrug. “To throw dust in everyone’s eyes?”
A nod. “That's possible, I suppose. You know, during the struggle, I had little to do with him, or the Central Committee for that matter. But I thought he wanted freedom and democracy. I don't anymore. Since the fall of the City, he's done everything he can to concentrated power in his hands. I should have expected that I suppose.”
“Why?”
“How much do you know about him?”
“I’ve heard a few rumors.”
“Have you heard that he was originally an English teacher in Webster City who fled to the Badlands after making a student pregnant?”
“Yes, I’ve heard that one. Are you saying it’s true?”
“Yes, it’s definitely true.”
“How do you know?”
“I’ve had two impeccable sources confirm it - people I’d trust with my life.”
“OK. But, so what? Are you saying you shouldn’t have trusted him because he slept with a student?”
“No, I’m saying that people who fled into the Badlands are different from people born out there. People who recently left this city were brought up to believe in authority, and regard Outlaws as unclean and backward. You often call Outlaws as ‘the Unvaxxed’, don’t you?”
“You think Monroe still has those attitudes?”
“I'm sure he does. In a way, he never really escaped this City. He carried its poisonous ideas with him when he left. He’s never wanted freedom and democracy; he just wants revenge, and yearns for power and control. That’s all he understands. Most of his supporters think the same way. They’re first- or second-generation Outlaws who never really escaped either.”
“That is why you must stop him, before he has complete control. In fact, you’ve got no choice. He knows you’re the biggest threat to him and he has to destroy you. Don't wait for him to attack. Strike first.”
A frown. “With what? My best fighters have gone home and the rest are a rabble. I only trust the Muslim Brigade and it wants to go back to Florida.”
“Then assassinate him.”
A wry grin. “How? He sits inside the Palace with guards all around him. It's impossible to get close.”
“There’s a secret passage into the building. I could sneak in there and kill him.”
A smile. “You’re very proactive, aren’t you? I'm afraid that won't work: he heard about that passage and bricked it up.”
“Then assassinate him some other way. He will come for you soon. You must seize the initiative.”
“You're probably right. But I don’t want to strike the first blow.”
“Why not?” 
A pained expression. “I’ll destroy the Alliance and become everything I fought against.”
Davidson sighed internally. Solon was a great soldier. But his refusal to dirty his hands and eliminate Monroe was a major failing. His judgment seemed clouded. Maybe, after twenty years of constant fighting, he had post-traumatic stress disorder. Or maybe the collapse of his army left him depressed. Whatever the cause of his torpor, if he did not shake it off soon, Monroe would kill him.
Davidson sighed. “You're being very foolish. Monroe has already destroyed the Alliance. You just refuse to accept that. One of you will die very soon. Make sure it’s him.”
“I hear what you’re saying; I’ll give it some thought.” A rueful smile. “You know, my life was much simpler when you were my enemy. I wish we could go back to those days. Let me worry about Monroe. What’s your next move?”
“I'm going to find the missing canisters of Agent Pandora, of course.”
“Really? That’s not your job.”
“Then who’s is it? If I don't recover them, some idiot will probably try to wipe out mankind, again.”
A shrug. “So what? I think we’re doomed. You can only postpone the inevitable.”
Davidson felt a similar pessimism and wondered why he was so determined to recover the missing canisters. He sensed he needed a goal that helped him travel through the craziness and chaos around him; he also had a lot of blood on his hands from his time as a major in the ISB, and wanted to wash it off. He smiled. “I’m sure your right. But I like to stay busy.”
“Where will you start looking?”
“I wish I knew.”
A shrug. “Well, if you need help, let me know.”
“I will.” Solon had a stash of coffee beans from California that tasted wonderful. “Before I go, I’d love a cup of coffee.”
A smile. “Of course. Take a seat. I'll get someone to make us both a cup.” 
Solon rose, left the room for a minute and returned. “The coffee will be here soon.” He sat down, looking a touch suspicious. “Out of curiosity, why did Monroe ask you to find Isaiah Webster? He has lots of loyalists he could ask.”
“He said I know this city like the back of my hand, which is true.”
“That makes sense. But why did he trust you to do the job? He's not a trusting guy and you are, quite frankly, not a trustworthy one.”
A smile. “Oh, he didn't trust me. He tried to kidnap my partner, Helen, to use her as a hostage.”
Solon looked satisfied. “Ah, that explains it. What happened?”
Davidson described how he saw through Monroe's plot to seize Helen and rescued her.
Solon said: “Nobody told me some Alliance fighters were killed in that sector yesterday morning.”
“Monroe is obviously shy about what happened.”
“I'm not surprised. He'll kill you if he gets a chance.”
“He'll try; it won’t be easy.”
“Hah. Where’s that coffee?” As Solon turned to look at the open doorway, loud gunfire erupted outside. Bullets clattered against the outside. More weapons joined the raucous party.
Davidson quickly regained his composure and wondered if the attackers were City troops trying to regain control. But most City troops used a replica of the M14 Garand carbine. Davidson could only hear the bark of AK-47s, which Alliance fighters used, and the primal throb of Sergeant McCool’s heavy machine gun. The attackers must be Alliance fighters.
Solon grasped the same point. “All AK-47s.”
“Sounds like Monroe has seized the initiative.”
Solon looked calmer than he did a minute ago. “You’re right.” He strode over to his AK-47, standing in the corner, and picked it up. “Let's go.”
He strode down the hallway and Davidson followed, brandishing his pistol. They stepped out onto the porch. Captain Larkin and the two guards were shooting around a corner towards the cemetery. Sergeant McCool in the sandbag emplacement was plastering the cemetery with the .50 caliber rounds. A bloodied corpse lay beside him.
Red-bereted figures were scampered towards the mansion, using the tombstones and monuments as cover. Their bullets kicked chunks off the walls of the mansion.
Solon crouched beside Larkin. “How did this start?”
“A couple of sentries at the main gate challenged them and got shot down. Those guys are Alliance fighters - our people. Why are they attacking us?”
“Monroe wants me dead. How many men do we have?”
“Just us and a couple of sentries behind the mansion. I’ve heard gunfire back there. We can't hold them off.”
An armored personnel carrier crashed through the main gate of the cemetery, two hundred yards away, and halted. The turret rotated and the light-cannon spat 30-mm shells at the sandbag emplacement. Sergeant McCool ducked, but the shells penetrated the bags and he collapsed in a spray of blood.
Solon said: “Jesus.”
Davidson heard heavy feet in the hallway behind them. A couple of blue-capped bodyguards arrived, looking flushed.
Solon said: “Where were you?”
A breathless corporal spoke. “Sentry duty behind the mansion, Sir. We spotted a dozen fighters approaching through the trees. We yelled for them to stop and they started shooting. We shot back. Too many for us, I'm afraid. Sorry, Sir.”
“Not your fault.”
Someone in the cemetery used a bull-horn to yell above the gunfire. “Commander Solon, we act on behalf of the Central Committee. Surrender and you will not - I repeat, not - be harmed. The Central Committee guarantees that. You have two minutes - I repeat, two minutes - to surrender.”
The gunfire slackened and an eerie calm enveloped the scene.
Solon glanced at Davidson. “We're stuck. Maybe I should surrender.”
“They’ll kill you stone dead.”
“They might spare my men.” 
That was unlikely. They would certainly not spare Davidson. “I don’t intend to surrender, whatever you do.”
The corporal who had just arrived said. “I'm not surrendering, Sir. I’ll take my chances.”
Solon looked pleased. “Thank you, Corporal. This will not end well.”
“I understand that, Sir.”
The other bodyguards muttered that they would not be surrendering either.
Solon looked touched. “Thank you, men.”
A plan hatched in Davidson's mind. “There is an escape route.”
Solon said: “Where?”
“From the cathedral.”
“It's a dead end.”
Davidson had no time to provide details. “It's not. You’ll have to trust me. I’m going across to it. Will you follow me?”
The bodyguards looked inquiringly at Solon, who nodded. “Yes.”
“Good. Stay close. I’m going to start running on 'three'. Ready? One ... two ... three.”
The cathedral was 20 yards away. Davidson dashed across the gap with the others on his heels. He was almost half-way across before the attackers resumed firing. A second later, he threw himself behind a flying buttress with bullets flying all around him. Solon and his five bodyguards were less than a stride behind him. Within inches of safety, a private took a bullet in the head and his corpse landed behind the flying buttress. 
A gasping Captain Larkin crawled over and examined the bloody crater in the side of his skull. “Shit. Dead, I'm afraid.”
They were cocooned for the moment - just the moment - from the bullets spattering the walls around them. Solon muttered: “Monroe will pay for this.”
Canon shells thudded into the flying buttress and showered them with stone and dust. Even the building seemed to be attacking them.
Davidson yelled: “We’ve got to get out of here. Follow me.” 
He crab-walked along the cathedral wall to a heavy oak door and pushed the handle. The door swung open and he led the others inside.
Light spilled through the doorway and revealed a large room filled with vestments on racks, religious ornaments and big mahogany cabinets. The sacristy. Davidson flicked a light switch. No light. Damn. “Anyone got a light?”
Larkin dug into his combat smock and produced a small flashlight which he handed to Davidson.
“Thanks.” Davidson closed the door and slammed a big metal bolt in place. “This way.”
He used the flashlight to lead them through the sacristy into the main hall, a vast space with a vaulted ceiling and long central aisle. Here, for generations, Chancellors had sermonized about the glorious deeds of Alexander Webster and the divine mission of the City to preserve mankind.
High above the canopied marble altar, a beam of sunlight hit a writhing Christ on a huge cross. Elsewhere, fragile daylight barely penetrated stain-glass windows and disappeared into gloomy walls.
Heavy gunfire said the Alliance fighters were trying to blast their way into the sacristy. Davidson led his team past the altar and through a side door. He used the flashlight to descend a spiral staircase to a long burial vault with wall graves on both sides. 
Every Chancellor of the Webster Dynasty was buried in the monolithic Webster Mausoleum on the other side of the central plaza, except for the last Chancellor, Joshua Webster, whom the Alliance dumped in a common grave with the couple of hundred troops who did not surrender fast enough. The crypt beneath the Cathedral was reserved for the wives of Chancellors and cadet members of the Webster Dynasty.
Solon looked calmer and happier than ten minutes ago. Combat obviously relaxed him. “I hope there's a way out.”
“There is. The Chancellors loved secret passages. This city is honeycombed with them. One runs from this vault to the basement of an administration building about three hundred yards away. Chancellors liked to enter and leave the cathedral without being seen. That was safer and increased their mystique.”
“Where is it?”
Davidson strode along the left-hand wall until he reached the last tomb niche. The plaque said it was the final resting place of “Tobias Webster”, who died a hundred years ago. He never, in fact, lived. Davidson grabbed both sides of the plaque and pulled it towards him.  A six-foot-high slab of the wall, sitting on rollers, slid out.
He glanced at Solon. “Anything more I can do for you today?”
A laugh. “That's plenty.”
Clattering feet and shouting on the floor above. The Alliance attackers would soon search the crypt.
“Follow me.” Davidson ducked behind the slab into a small room at the head of a tunnel. He flicked a light switch. No power. Damn. Several backup flashlights were attached to a wall. He handed them out and pulled the wall slab back into place.
Solon turned on his flashlight. “I’m impressed. Lead the way.”
Davidson headed down an oval-shaped tunnel, about seven-feet high and five-feet wide, lined with blue tiles. It went slightly downhill and then uphill. After three hundred yards, he reached a solid metal door. He pushed it open and found himself in a basement boiler room. 
The others crowded into the room and Solon said: “Thank you. I didn’t deserve to survive that. My men did. I didn’t.”
Davidson silently agreed. He crossed the room and stepped through a door into a narrow corridor that led to a fire escape. The group climbed two flights of stairs to a gloomy linoleum-floored entrance hall. Glass doors overlooked a large car park dotted with abandoned vehicles.
Davidson looked at Solon. “They’ll soon work out we slipped the net and search the surrounding area. What are you going to do, now?”
Solon had his old poise. “I’m going to deal with Monroe - decisively.”
“Good. You got a plan?”
“Not yet. First, I’ve got to round up what’s left of my bodyguard. Then, I'll try to make contact with the Muslim Brigade. It’s camped on the western side of the City.” 
“You trust them?” 
“Yes, they hate Monroe and I know its commander well - a guy called Abdul Qadir.”
“You trust him?” 
“Yes. He may not help me, but he won’t betray me, I don’t think.” 
“Then good luck.”
“Come with me.”
“I can’t. I’ve got a woman to look after and a job to do.”
“You mean, find the canisters?”
“Yes.”
“Well, if you need me, you know where I’ll be if you need me.” He turned to his little band. “Alright guys, let’s go.”
Solon and his men pushed through the glass doors and threaded their way through the car park towards a small patch of trees on the far side.




CHAPTER SIX

Davidson cautiously circled around to the stolen Alliance truck parked in a side street. He spent 20 minutes watching it and the surrounding area, alert for anyone waiting in ambush, before scurrying forward and getting inside. 
He headed towards the safe house in Sector 4 where Helen was waiting. The once-bustling commercial sector was still ghostly quiet. Almost everything that could be stolen or smashed had been. Smoke curled out of derelict buildings and snaked along the streets. Rotting garbage assaulted his nostrils. 
He was tempted to drive straight to the garage behind the safe house. However, he learned in the Internal Security Bureau to be careful when returning to a base in hostile territory. The chance of being ambushed was always high. Death waited for the careless. Always had, always would. So, he parked in a side street, two blocks from the safe house, and climbed out with his AK-47.  He slithered between buildings until fifty yards from the front entrance of the bicycle shop below the safe house. 
A large warehouse stood across the road from it. He circled around and entered the warehouse through a rear door. He passed through a small office and found himself in a huge storage area with only a few punctured sacks of grain. Looters must have cleaned out the rest.
He edged up a metal spiral staircase to the second floor, nerves singing, rifle ready. That floor had a large office with rickety desks and gun-metal filing cabinets. Drawers were open. Folders and documents were strewn across the floor. No signs of life.
He strode over to a long window overlooking the street and spent ten minutes scoping for activity. He was about to quit when something moved in the upper window of the fourth building to the right of the bicycle shop. He focused on it and stayed patient. Five minutes later, a shadow flitted behind it. Jesus. Someone either still lived in the building or was waiting to ambush him. If the safehouse was blown, Helen might be dead already. His throat tightened. Bile dabbed his tongue.
His training told him to be patient and look for other ambushers. But he had to find out if Helen was alive. His only fear was that she was dead. He went downstairs and circled around to the alley behind the building where he saw movement. After sliding carefully along it, he found himself behind an auto repair shop with raised metal shutters. Half-repaired vehicles that would never drive again lined the walls. 
He edged past two vehicle hoists to a wooden staircase that he slowly climbed, treading carefully on the outside of each step. Near the top, he stopped and cautiously raised his head. Another office with cheap desks and filing cabinets. This time, though, an Alliance fighter stood peering out of the window, smoking, a rifle slung over his shoulder.  His behavior was so slovenly that Davidson suspected a trap. No, the guy was just slovenly.
Davidson edged forward, rifle at high ready. He creaked a floorboard and the fighter spun around.
“Don't fucking move,” Davidson growled.
The fighter started to unsling his rifle and frozen. “OK, OK.”
Davidson stuck the muzzle of his rifle into the fighter's belly and ripped the rifle off the guy's shoulder. He took a step back and tossed it onto a desk. “On your knees, now.”
The fighter complied with a pleading expression. “Don’t shoot; please don’t shot.”
“You know who I am?”
Lips trembled. “Umm, ahhh, Carl Davidson.”
“Smart work. Now, I'm going to ask you some questions. You tell me one lie and I’ll shoot you dead, understand? I'm in absolutely no mood to hear shit.”
Sweat bubbled on the guy’s brow and his voice rasped. “Yes, understand.”
“Good. You're waiting for me, aren't you?”
“Umm, ahhh, yes.”
“Ordered to shoot on sight?”
“No, to let you go into the apartment, then surround it. Take you alive, if possible.”
Davidson’s mouth went dry. “What has happened to the woman in the apartment?”
The fighter gnawed his lip. “What woman?”
Davidson pointed his rifle at the fighter's forehead. “One more lie and you’re fucked. The woman in the apartment - is she alive?”
“Y-y-es.”
“Where is she?”
“They, umm, took her to the Maximum Security Unit.”
“You mean, the one attached to Webster City Penitentiary?”
“Yeah.”
“Why'd they take her there?”
“For interrogation, I guess.”
Davidson's sensed the guy was too afraid and confused to be lying. He was glad to hear that Helen was alive and depressed to learn she was in an impregnable hell-hole. How the hell could he get her out of there?
“How many fighters are waiting for me?”
“About a dozen.”
“I should be flattered.”
“We heard you were dangerous.”
“Who told you we were hiding here?”
“I don't know - honest; I'm just following orders.”
Davidson was strongly tempted to shoot the guy, but the gunfire would alert his friends. “Turn around.”
Eyes glowed. “W-w-why?”
“Don’t worry, I’m not going to shoot you; I’m going to handcuff you.”
“H-honest?”
“Yeah, though I'll shoot you if you want. I like shooting stupid people. They annoy me.”
The guy cringed. “N-n-no, no, I’ll turn around.”
“Good. And put your hands behind your back.”
The guy did as he was told.
Davidson twirled his rifle around and slam the butt into the side of the guy’s head. The guy slumped to the ground, unconscious or worse.
Davidson donned the guy's red beret and combat smock. Hopefully, if he ran into any Alliance fighters, the disguise would throw them off balance, at least briefly.


CHAPTER SEVEN

Davidson put his fear for Helen's safety on hold while he prowled back to his truck, wary of snipers and foot-patrols. He reached it safely and drove off.
After a couple of blocks, he knew he was in the clear and his fear for Helen reignited. She had burrowed deep into his heart and given his life meaning. He had to spring her from the Maximum Security Unit attached to the Webster City Penitentiary or die in the attempt.
Most of the City's institutions melted away like plastic after the Alliance arrived. The Unit was one of the few that survived. The Alliance seized control of it and released its supporters. Then, it incarcerated any Webster Dynasty big-wigs it had rounded up and not shot. Some regular guards were retained to help run the facility. They were overjoyed that their new masters fed them.
While a major in the ISB, Davidson often visited the Unit to interrogate prisoners.  He became well acquainted with some of the guards, including the Deputy Warden, Felix Grieg, who reached out to Davidson when his son was charged with theft. Davidson made the charge go away. Grieg owed Davidson a big favor.
Davidson wanted to confirm that Helen was in the Unit. Grieg seemed the best person to consult. Davidson once gave him a lift home from the Unit to an apartment block in Sector 6. That was where he now headed.
The Chancellors had forced most citizens of Webster City to live in apartment blocks. That made it easier for the security services to spy on them, and for them to spy on each other. Only the elite lived in detached houses.
Unfortunately, most apartment buildings were woefully constructed. Architects and engineers were poorly trained; builders were lazy and over-confident, and laborers were often prisoners, dispatched from the main penitentiary, who sabotaged the buildings for fun. Not surprisingly, many buildings collapsed. If a resident was lucky, his building emitted a few squeaks and groans before it fell, and he managed to escape. Otherwise, he rode it to the ground and it became his tomb.
Whenever a building pancaked with a significant death toll, the authorities accused a few scapegoats of industrial sabotage and shot them. But the “justice” handed out was so capricious that nobody had an incentive to improve their performance.
Though Felix Grieg lived in one of the better-made apartment blocks, large watermarks hinted at concrete cancer and numerous balconies had either sagged for fallen right off.
Davidson parked his truck outside the block and climbed out, still wearing the red cap and camouflage jacket of an Alliance fighter. A couple of scruffy ten-year-old boys were throwing a baseball on the lawn in front of the building. They obviously had little else to do - the schools were closed and unlikely to re-open - and did not fully grasp the enormity of recent events. 
Davidson approached the blond one. “Hey kid, I’m trying to find Felix Grieg. Which apartment does he live in?”
The kid caught the ball with his mitt and faced Davidson. “Why should I tell you?” 
Davidson admired his attitude. “Good question. Tell me and you'll get a reward.”
 “What reward?”
Most Alliance fighters prized chocolate even higher than booze. Several boxes lay in the back of the truck. “You like chocolate?”
Eyes gleamed. “Course, I like it.”
“Give me the apartment number and you can make yourself sick as a dog.”
“You serious?”
“Yes.”
“And if I don’t?”
“This may be the last chance you ever get to eat chocolate - think about that.”
The kid obviously did start to think about it. His friend yelled: “I’ll tell you which apartment he's in.”
The first boy said: “No, I’ll tell you.”
Davidson said: “Don't worry, you’ll both get a box.”
“Show us the boxes.”
“No, tell me first.”
“I don't trust you.”
“Very wise. But what have you got to lose? Like I said: as much chocolate as you can eat.”
OK, OK, he lives on the second floor - number 22.”
“Is he there now?”
“I saw him go in, a bit earlier.”
“Thanks. The chocolates are in the back of the truck. Don't touch anything else - nothing.”
A shining face. “Sure.”
The kids scampered towards the truck and Davidson wandered into the apartment block, where the lift looked like it died long ago. He climbed the dark fire-escape to the second floor and walked along the corridor. Weak light fell through small glazed windows.
He knocked on number 22. No answer. He rapped again.
A voice yelled. “Who is it?”
“Felix, it's Carl Davidson. I want to talk to you.”
“Carl Davidson from the ISB?”
“Yes.”
Davidson removed his red cap as someone shuffled towards the door and presumably peered through the eye-hole. 
The door opened. Felix Grieg was a tall, brawny man with the bitter expression of someone who had spent many years doing time with hardened criminals. He wore a brown T-shirt and jeans. His eyes flicked up and down the corridor to ensure Davidson was alone. “Carl, what are you doing here? In fact, why are you still alive?”
“I should be dead?”
“Of course. You were a major in the ISB. You were unpopular before the Alliance won; you became poison afterward. I thought the Alliance would shoot you out of hand.”
Few people knew that Davidson was instrumental in stopping the last Chancellor releasing the Agent Pandora super-virus, and the Alliance spared him out of gratitude. No point wasting time on a history lesson. “They've got to catch me first.”
“You're on the run?”
“I'm keeping a low profile.”
A dry chuckle. “I bet. Why are you here?”
“I need information.”
“About what?”
He wanted to stop Grieg retreating into his apartment. “Invite me inside and I'll tell you.”
A frown. “My wife's asleep.”
“OK then, let’s go for a walk.”
“Frankly, I don't want to be seen with you.”
“Don't worry, we won’t run into anyone we know and you owe me a big favor  if I recall.”
A long stare and a sigh. “Alright, let's sit in the playground.”
As they descended the fire escape stairs, Grieg complained that the building had lacked electricity and water for almost a week. “Thank God, I'm only on the second floor.”
“Can you stay where you are?”
“No, and there’s nowhere else in the City to go.”
“What will you do?”
“I'm not sure.  My wife has an uncle with a farm near Boston. We might try to reach him, though we're not sure we can.”
As they left the building, the two kids jumped from the truck, each clutching a large box of chocolates, and scampered off. Their pockets were full of something, maybe ammunition.
Felix Grieg led Davidson around the corner to a vacant playground with a set of monkey bars, a rickety carousel and a rusting two-seat swing set. Bark chips covered the ground. They sat on the swing seats and rocked gently. 
Grieg said: “What do you want?”
“Do you still work at the Maximum Security Unit?”
“Yep. The Alliance kept about half the guards when it took over.” A shrug. “I couldn’t refuse: I get enough food to feed my family.”
“Fully understand. Who’s running the Unit?”
“An Alliance colonel called Maxwell, though he comes and goes. I think he reports directly to Secretary Monroe.”
How many guards are working at the Unit?”
“About 90, working in three shifts. So, 30 are on duty at any one time. About half are Alliance fighters and half are regular guards.”
“How many prisoners does the Unit hold?”
“Around 300. When the Alliance arrived, it released lots of Alliance fighters and sympathizers, and locked up lots of City high-ups it captured. The number of prisoners is falling, though. Monroe has started culling them. He's releasing anyone who’s not a threat and shooting anyone who is. So far, a lot more have been shot than released.”
“How many have been shot so far?”
“About 50, and the pace is quickening. I reckon about 20 got wasted yesterday.”
“Where are they being shot?”
“In the basement. Then, they get thrown into a truck and taken away somewhere for disposal.”
Davidson had assumed that Monroe was holding Helen as a hostage. What if he was wrong and Monroe planned to cull her? His stomach did a snap-roll and bile rattled up his throat.
Grieg used his feet to swing higher. “Is that the information you wanted?”
Davidson tried to sound matter of fact. “Only some of it. A woman I know got arrested this morning.”
What's her name?”
“Helen Watkins.”
A pause. “Yeah. She arrived a couple of hours before I clocked off.”
Davidson quietened his desperation. “Is she alright?”
“She was when I left. They put her in a cell. I heard they were going to interrogate her, but I didn’t pay much attention. Does she mean a lot to you?”
Davidson did not want to look vulnerable, but had no choice. “She’s a friend - a good friend. Is there any way to get her out?”
“Absolutely none. The Unit’s a bit disorganized right now. But there are always plenty of Alliance fighters on duty and they’re a tough lot. They would cut your throat for your spare change. I would not tangle with them. Trying to get her out would be suicide.”
“You mean, you can’t help me?”
“Of course not. I’m not stupid. Nobody can get her out of there. I’ll give her a message if you want, which will be damn dangerous. That’s all. Sorry.”
Davidson was going to spring Helen from the prison or die in the attempt. But there was no point alerting Grieg and give him a chance to betray Davidson. A shrug. “I understand. There’s nothing I can do, I guess. I’ll have to forget about her.”
“Smart move. But, like I said, I’ll give her a message, if you want.”
Davidson stood up. “Nah, forget about it.  She’ll have to look after herself.”
“We’ve all got to do that. Can’t let women hurt you.”
“That is the truth. When is your next shift?”
“From noon tomorrow.”
“Good luck.”


CHAPTER EIGHT

Davidson once believed so strongly in Webster City and its mission that he often gladly risked his life to defend it. Then, he lost his faith in the City and became reluctant to risk his life for anything or anyone. However, Helen changed his mind. When Felix Grieg’s revealed that she was still alive in the Maximum Security Unit, and might soon be culled, he was terrified. The Unit was almost impregnable. Trying to break her out seemed suicidal. But that was exactly what he intended to do. He had learned in the last few days that, if he could not live with her, he would rather not live at all.
He drove the truck through Sector 8 to Lister Boulevard and followed it for a couple of miles to the Webster City Penitentiary, which was divided into the Main Prison and the Maximum Security Unit. A four-mile wall, with a guard-tower ever two hundred yards, ran around the Main Prison. It once housed 20,000 prisoners who either worked in its factories, which dominated the City economy, or labored in chain gangs that worked outside. The guards deserted it when the City fell to the Freedom Alliance and the inmates poured out to cause further mayhem.
The Maximum Security Unit sat beside the Main Prison. They each had high walls with a narrow gap between them.  The Unit once held about 400 prisoners. Most were either Alliance fighters or sympathizers, or highly dangerous criminals. When the Alliance broke into the City, it released its comrades and restocked the prison with City notables it had not shot.
The front entrance of the Unit had heavy iron gates and machine-gun emplacements on each side. Davidson cruised past and saw half-a-dozen Alliance fighters lounging or wandering about, heavily armed.
On the other side of the road was a small field. Beyond it, two hundred yards away, was a clump of deserted apartment buildings.  Davidson turned left and swung past the buildings. Several big signs warned they were unsafe to enter. The signs were unusual. The City did not usually condemn buildings. It let them fall down with their occupants inside. These buildings looked particularly murderous. Indeed, a couple had a pronounced tilt. Maybe the residents abandoned them and gave the authorities no choice.
Davidson stopped in a disused car park between the buildings and pondered how to infiltrate the Unit and rescue Helen. He still thought such an attempt was absolutely mad. But he had a few advantages. For a start, a mixture of Alliance fighters and regular guards now ran the Unit. They were probably poorly motivated and disorganized. Additionally, while a major in the ISB, he often visited the Main Prison and the Unit, and knew their layouts well. He knew, for instance, that there was an underground passage between the Main Prison and the Unit.  Now the Main Prison was vacant, he might be able to use it to access the Unit. Definitely, an option worth exploring.
He climbed out of the truck wearing the stolen Alliance uniform and toting an AK-47, and strode for almost a mile through heavily wooded parkland until he was opposite the front entrance of the Main Prison. The days were now quite short; the sunlight was fraying. He studied the entrance for ten minutes. The massive iron gates were open and there were no signs of life. He jogged across an open space, across a road and warily slipped between the gates. 
A huge ditch and razor-wire topped fence ran just inside the whole length of the outer wall. He crossed a bridge over the ditch and passed through a huge hole torn in the wire fence.
The Main Prison was divided into two sectors. On his left were long cell blocks; on his right, the two-dozen factories where the prisoners once worked. Davidson headed into the factory sector and saw that about a third of the factories were burned-out husks and most of the others were fire-damaged. Limp smoke spiraled out of many. A few harmless-looking former inmates ignored him and shuffled about.
The prison had interlocking wire-mesh tunnels that funneled pedestrians between the factories. Davidson entered one and passed a fire-scarred automobile plant and a near-intact white-goods plant.  
A guardhouse abutted the outer wall closest to the Maximum Security Unit. Its front entrance was a charred black ring and the roof had collapsed. He stepped through the entrance and gingerly picked his way through several fire-blackened rooms towards the back wall. Sickly daylight wafted through huge holes in the ceiling.
A door once shut off the underground passage that led to the Unit. It was now a twisted sheet of metal hanging from one hinge. He pulled it off and edged along the passage for about ten yards until the light disappeared.
He pulled out a pen-light and used it to reach the heavy metal door at the other end of the passage, which barred access to the Unit. It was locked and undamaged. He had no key. Only an explosive charge would open it. 
If he wanted to break into the Unit, he would need an explosives expert and some good fighters to help subdue the Alliance fighters and prison guards inside. He strode back through the Main Prison, pondering who to could call upon and did not produce a single name. Anyone who might be able to help him was dead or disappeared. Despite that, he remained determined to break into the Unit and rescue Helen. Rather strangely, the impossibility of the task was oddly refreshing.
Daylight was crumbling as he left the main entrance and circled around to the clump of condemned apartment blocks where he left the truck. The apartment blocks were all ten-stories high. The builders of Webster City were notoriously over-confident. But even they did not trust themselves to build higher. To his surprise, a light winked in the window of an eighth-story apartment. Surely, nobody was stupid enough to live that high in a tottering building. Then, he noticed the apartment had an excellent view of the Maximum Security Unit, two hundred yards away. Was someone watching it?  If so, he had a very serious motive for doing so. 
Despite the pronounced lean of the building, Davidson was determined to find out who was in the apartment. The door at the base of the fire escape was missing. He used the pen-light to climb the pitch-black stairwell, sometimes stumbling over rubbish until he reached the eighth floor. He gently pushed open the fire door and stepped into the corridor, AK-47 ready. Gray light spilled through several open doorways to provide poor visibility.
He shuffled along the corridor. Soft voices. Where? They grew louder. He reached a door, slightly ajar, with a flickering light in the crack. Voices floated out. He only caught snatches of the conversation. Two men, at least, were discussing the routine of the guards at the front gate of the Unit. Davidson thought he recognized both voices. People from his past. Why on earth were they surveilling the Unit? Davidson soon realized why. It was obvious.
He gently pushed open the door and cat-walked into the apartment, rifle at high ready, ready to knock down any threat. A short corridor opened out into a cheaply furnished living room which windowed onto an open field and the Unit beyond. A lamp shedding quivering light sat on the window sill. Two men stood gazing at the Unit, their rifles propped against a wall. 
Davidson growled. “Don’t move.”
The men ignored him and spun around. Davidson knew them well. Kevin Malloy was in his mid-fifties, with thick reddish hair, a pudgy face and cunning eyes. His bodyguard, Frank Hamelin, was about forty, with a shaven head and no neck to put a rope around.  Davidson had recognized their voices while standing in the corridor.
Malloy was the biggest crime boss in Webster City for twenty years until the Freedom Alliance took over. He maintained that position with rat cunning and good relations with the City elite. When not supplying the Chancellor and his cronies with drugs, booze and hookers, he assiduously helped the police catch his competitors. He also helped Davidson finger Alliance spies and collaborators trying to infiltrate the underworld.
However, his operation did not always run smoothly. A few years ago, his son, Albert, who lacked his smarts, beat up a close friend of the Chancellor in a brothel. To avenge his close friend and send Malloy a message, the Chancellor threw Albert into the Maximum Security Unit. That explained Malloy's surveillance of the Unit. His dimwit son was obviously still there and he was desperate to bust him out.
Malloy’s terror turned to relief. “My God, Davidson. What the hell are you doing here?”
“No, you tell me what you're doing here. I’ve got the rifle, remember. The moment I get bored, I’ll use it.”
Malloy’s nimble mind fumbled around for a good lie. “We’re, umm, hiding out.”
“Really? On the eighth floor of a condemned building?”
“That's why it's, umm, a good place to hide out.”
“Unless it collapses on top of you. Then it’s gotta be a terrible idea. You were admiring the view. Any reason?”
“Ah, no.”
Davidson. “You mean, you weren't studying the Maximum Security Unit?”
Malloy missed a beat. “Of course not.”
“I'm disappointed. You used to lie so smoothly. You're slipping. I know why you're here.”
“Why?”
“You want to spring your son from the Unit.”
Malloy paused and squinted. “Who’re you working for right now?”
“Myself.”
“How can I be sure?”
“Are you kidding? I’m an ex-major of the ISB. The Alliance won’t use me; it wants me dead.”
“Then why are you still alive?”
Few people in Webster City knew that the last Chancellor tried to release a super-virus to wipe out the Alliance and the rest of humanity. Even fewer knew that Davidson helped stop him and the Alliance spared him for that reason. Davidson did not intend to mention his dealings with the Alliance. That would just make Malloy even more suspicious.
“Why? I'm exceptionally good at staying alive. It’s my specialty. So, tell me the truth: you’re here to get your son out of the Unit, aren’t you?”
“Why do you care?”
“There's someone in there I want to rescue. We should combine forces.”
A flicker of interest. “Who do you want to rescue?”
“A woman.”
“Your wife?”
“No. My marriage is over. Another woman.”
Malloy studied Davidson and weighed his options. “Why’s she inside?”
“The Alliance is hunting for me. It wants her to say where I am.”
“Will she?”
“No.”
“They can be mighty persuasive.”
“She doesn’t have the information they need and wouldn’t tell them, anyway.”
Malloy rubbed his chin and pondered his options. “Got a photo?”
Davidson held up a small photo of Helen that he kept in his wallet.
Malloy held it under the flickering light. “Good-looking woman. Worth saving. But your story doesn’t add up.”
“Why not?”
“I can't imagine you risking your ass for a woman, or anyone else for that matter. No offense, but it’s not your style.”
A grin. “How little you understood me.”
Paranoia stopped lurking and crowded into the room. “Maybe, or maybe you're working for Monroe. You're setting me up, aren't you?”
“Did you land on your head recently? If I worked for Monroe, I'd have shot you five minutes ago instead of listening to the river of crap leaving your mouth.”
A pensive look. “Mmm, good point. Alright then, yeah, we're here to get Albert out of the Unit.”
“Have you asked your Alliance contacts for help?”
“Of course. But the Unit’s under the direct control of Monroe and his key henchman, Colonel Maxwell. It’s their playground. My contacts can’t help me.”
“Have you reached out to Monroe or Maxwell?”
A sneer. “Don’t be stupid. They’re animals; they’d shoot me dead, then shoot Albert.”
“So, you’re trying to find a way in?”
“Yes.”
Time to twist the knife. “Well, you'd better hurry.”
“Why?”
“Monroe has started killing prisoners.”
Malloy shivered. “Killing them?”
“Yep, he’s shot 50 so far, including about 20 yesterday. He’s obviously getting into the swing of it.”
“Oh, shit, really?”
“Yes. According to my source - a very good one - anyone he thinks is a threat gets shot and anyone he doesn't is released. So far, he’s had a lot more shot than released - a lot more.” 
Malloy went pale. “Jesus. My boy might be dead already.”
“That's possible, though the odds are still against it. You’ve certainly got no time to waste.”
Malloy showed Hamelin a panicked expression. “Looks like we’ll have to go through the front gate.”
Davidson said: “What are you talking about?”
“We've been thinking about attacking through the front gate.”
“That’s nuts.”
Malloy flinched. “No, it's not. When the City fell, most of my crew disappeared. Only half-a-dozen stayed loyal. They've all got military training. I've also got an armored personnel carrier with a heavy machine gun. We can drive it through the gate at dawn and catch them by surprise.”
“Where the hell did you get an APC from?”
“This city’s full of abandoned military equipment.”
Very true. “The APC works?”
“Yep. Our glorious military forces didn’t let it get damaged.”
“It's still a crazy plan. The APC will probably get you through the front gate. Then, you'll have to hoof it to the cells. You'll all get shot to doll rags.”
Malloy looked desperate. “I’ve got no choice. My son could be executed at any time. He might be dead already.”
“Getting yourself killed won’t save him.”
A frown. “Everybody's a critic. You got a better plan?”
“Actually, I do.”
“What?”
“There's a secret passage into the Unit. To use it, all we have to do is blow open a metal door.”
Malloy brightened. “Sounds promising. Where's this passage?”
“It starts in the Main Prison and ends on the floor below the control room in the Unit.”
“Where in the Main Prison?” 
Davidson did not trust Malloy. Their interests overlapped almost perfectly. But his fondness for betrayal could blind him to logic. “You'll find out the exact location when we go in.” 
“You don't trust me?” 
“Why should I? I'm surprised you trust yourself.” 
A rueful smile. “So am I. And, once we're in the Unit, you'll know where to go?”
“Definitely. We should be in and out before anyone reacts.”
'Then let's do it.”
“Not so fast. You'll have to find someone who can blow open the metal door, and some guys who'll create a diversion at the front gate to draw off the guards.”
“I can find them. When do you want to do this?”
“Tomorrow at dawn.”
“That soon?”
“We’ve both run out of time.”
A nod. “OK, we'll do it then.”
“Good. But there's one condition.”
“What?”
“I run the show: you and your people do what I say.”
A shrug. “Of course. You're the professional. I know you’re good. When do you want everyone here?”
“We'll meet downstairs at 5 a.m.”
“Alright, I'll go and organize everything.” 
Davidson feared Malloy would try to betray him to Monroe in return for his son. Malloy would be stupid to do that. Monroe could not be trusted at any level. But why risk it? “No, you won't. You stay here. Send Frank.” 
“But …” 
“I want to keep an eye on you.” 
A shrug. “OK.” Malloy looked at his bodyguard. “Frank, you heard all of that. Tex Milgram knows explosives. Give him the dynamite in the armory. Then round up the rest of the boys and be back here by 5 a.m, with the APC. Make sure they're all armed to the teeth. “
“Will do.”
Davidson said: “And make sure they all have a flashlight.”
“Sure.” Frank Hamelin looked inquiringly at his boss, wanting him to signal whether to organize a double-cross. “You'll be OK here?”
If Malloy even hinted there should be a double-cross, Davidson would have shot them both dead. However, Malloy shook his head. “Of course. I trust Carl. He’ll keep his word. So, no messing about. Do what you've been told to do.”
Davidson said: “Listen to your boss. If I get nervous, I'll put a big bullet in his little brain - I guarantee it.”
Hamelin showed his palms. “Sure, I'll do what I'm told.”
“Good.”
Hamelin nodded towards his weapon, standing against the wall. “Can I take my rifle?”
“Sure. And close the door on the way out.”
The bodyguard slung the rifle over his shoulder and shut the door as he left.
When he was gone, Malloy said: “Thank God I've still got Frank. He's stuck to me like an old dog. You never know who'll turn out to be loyal, do you?”
“He's not loyal; he thinks you offer him the best chance of survival.”
A frown and nod. “Mmm, I guess you're right.”
“So, how's business?”
“It's turned to shit, as you'd expect. When the Alliance arrived, I thought I'd make a fortune selling all the black-market stuff I’ve stockpiled over the years. But how do I get paid? City dollars are worthless and I don’t want any more gold or diamonds. Can’t eat them. You know what I miss most about the old days?”
“What?”
“The law and order. That helped me make money. These days, everyone's a criminal. There's too much competition.”
“You must have plenty of food in your stockpile.”
“Of course.”
“What are you going to do with it?”
“Keep it for myself, of course.”
“You could share it with your fellow citizens?”
A frown. “That would be stupid.”
Malloy sat on a chair beside the window and stared at the Unit.  Davidson did the same and balanced his rifle on his knees.
Malloy said: “You know, I got the shock of my life when the Alliance army attacked the City. I knew it was gaining strength. But it appeared out of nowhere and, all of a sudden, was everywhere. I thought you guys at the ISB were supposed to keep track of it.”
Davidson shrugged. “Actually, Military Intelligence was supposed to do that.  But we all under-estimated Solon and his army. They were a lot better than we thought.”
“I zipped over to the Unit to rescue my boy before any Alliance fighters arrived. They were already inside, releasing their pals. Now, I've got to do it the hard way.” A frown. “I never dreamed the City could turn to shit so fast.  The Websters were mean bastards, but they provided stability. Now, we've got none. Even the Alliance is falling apart.”
“What do you mean?”
“Haven't you heard?”
“Heard what?”
“About Secretary Monroe and Commander Solon.”
Davidson sat forward. “What about them?”
“A spokesman for the Central Committee made a big announcement on the radio this afternoon. He said Commander Solon tried to assassinate Secretary Monroe and take over the City, and failed. He called Solon an outlaw and traitor, and said there’s a big reward for anyone who kills or captures him.” A chuckle. “He didn't say what the reward was. Unless it's a big juicy steak, nobody will want it.”
Davidson was not surprised. Monroe was obviously trying to cover up his attempt to assassinate Solon. It certainly looked like Monroe had the upper hand.
Davidson said: “So, Solon is still alive?”
“Looks like it, though on the run.”
To pass the time, they exchanged gossip about the fate of the City elite. Most, it seemed, were dead. When Malloy asked what happened to Colonel Prentice, Davidson lied that he didn’t know. “I haven't heard about him since the City fell. I’ve assumed he was captured and shot.”
A shrug. “That's kind of sad, in a way. You two were quite a team; you also kept your word if possible.” 
Davidson asked about the fate of the Bishop of Webster City. 
“Why you care?”
“I used to hate his sermons.”
“Everybody did. Then you'll be glad to know he's dead.”
“Who told you that?’
A grin. “Nobody. I saw him hanging from a streetlight near the Botanical Gardens.”
“You’re sure it was him?”
“Yes. I mean, I’d never seen him from that angle before and he looked kinda bloated. But I'm sure it was him. Bastard deserved it.”
“Why?”
“I used to supply him with hookers. He kept asking for younger and younger girls.”
“Did you supply them?”
“Of course not. I have some integrity, you know.”
Davidson casually mentioned that he’d heard a rumor that Isaiah Webster was still alive and in hiding. Malloy shook his head and said he’d heard nothing about that. “If he is, I hope they find him. I’d love to see him decorating a streetlight.”
The apartment building suddenly groaned and shook. Davidson felt his stomach collapse.
Malloy looked terrified. “Holy shit. What was that?”
“The building doesn’t feel well.”
“Jesus, is it going to fall down?” 
“Eventually, though not before morning.” 
“How do you know? Let’s get out of here.”
“No. We stay until your boys arrive.”
“Why?”
“It's easier for me to keep an eye on you.”
“Shit, you’re going to kill both of us.”
That, Davidson though, was entirely true. If the building didn’t kill them, the guards at the Unit would.



CHAPTER NINE

Davidson found it easy to stay awake. The repeated rumblings of the building did not concern him. He only worried about whether Helen was still alive and he could bust her out of the Unit. He just did not want to lose her. Maybe he should have told her, when he had the chance, that he loved her. Too late now. At least, if he got killed trying to rescue her, she would know that. 
He had stashed several food bars in his combat smock. After eating a couple, he cleaned his automatic rifle and pistol with a rag, while keeping an eye on Malloy, dozing in his chair. Malloy did not even wake when the building shook and groaned several more times.
Just before 5 a.m., Davidson jabbed him awake.
Malloy looked bleary-eyed. “What’s happening?”
“The building is collapsing.”
Malloy yelped and struggled to his feet. “Oh, shit.”
Davidson smiled. “Just joking.”
Malloy frowned. “Hah, fuckin’ hah.”
“It’s almost five o’clock. We’ve got to go downstairs. Time to break into the Unit.”
A big eye-roll. “Thanks for reminding me. Are we serious about this?”
“Yes.”
He shook his head. “This is crazy.”
“I know. But you want to save your son.”
“I know.” Malloy shivered and shook his head. “Jesus, I should never have become a father. That was a really dumb move. You know, I don't even love the kid and he doesn’t love me?”
“Then why the hell are you doing this?”
A sad shrug. “I loved his mother. She's the only person I've ever loved and he’s all that’s left of her. So, I can’t let him die. He’s a total waste of space, but I’ve got to save him.”
Davidson sensed that was the most confessional Malloy would ever get, and said nothing lest it destroyed the moment. 
They each used a flashlight to descend the fire escape and enter the buckled car park outside. A half-moon gave the landscape a light-gray sheen. On their left was the forbidding silhouette of the Main Prison. Straight ahead was the front gate of the Maximum Security Unit. 
They sat on a broken concrete bench and waited. Five minutes later, a Lincoln sedan, a truck and an armored personnel carrier with a heavy machine gun crawled between a couple of buildings into the car park. Their headlights were off. Someone, at least, knew what he was doing.
Malloy stood and waved. The tiny convoy pulled up in front of him. Frank Hamelin climbed from the driver’s seat of the Lincoln. A big guy with a crew-cut, carrying a bulky knapsack, emerged from the other side.
Malloy turned to Davidson and pointed at the guy with the crew-cut. “This is Tex Milgram. He trained as a sapper in the army.”  Malloy turned to Tex. “You got enough explosives to blow open a door?”
Tex held up the knapsack. “I could blow open a dozen.”
“Good.”
Half-a-dozen men in combat fatigues climbed out of the truck and the armored personnel carrier and approached Malloy. Most carried AK-47s. A couple had pump-action shotguns. Malloy claimed they all had military training. That was probably true. But recent events had put in question the City’s training of infantry. 
Malloy held up his hands. “Alright, boys, thanks for coming. Let me introduce you to Major Carl Anderson who once worked for the ISB.”  That news produced several frowns. “I know, I know, he was a prick, but he’s not any longer.” A rueful smile. “Now he’s on our side. In fact, he’s in charge of this operation. He knows exactly what he's doing. I guarantee that. So, do what he says and you’ll stay alive. I promise that. Then, when this is all over, you'll each get a huge hamper of food and booze - I promise that, too.” Malloy turned to Davidson. “What do you want us to do?”
Davidson explained that a party of five would enter the Maximum Security Unit via a hidden passage, while the rest created a diversion outside the front gate. “Any questions?” Silence. He turned to Malloy. “The party of five will include you, Frank, Tex and me. Pick another guy.”
Malloy pointed at a fat, bearded guy with a mean look and a pump-action shotgun. “Derek, come with us.”
Davidson was pleased that Derek looked pleased. The guy obviously didn’t realize how crazy the scheme was. He shuffled over and stood proudly beside Malloy.
Davidson turned to the rest of the men. “Take cover in that building over there.” He pointed at a disused factory about a hundred yards from the front gate. “Start shooting at 6 a.m. sharp; I repeat, 6 a.m. sharp. Keep shooting for ten minutes. Then get the hell out of there. Do you all understand?”
Someone said: “Can we use the APC?”
“Of course, if you can keep it hidden until 6 a.m.”
A big smile. “Yippee.”
Davidson spent ten minutes making sure his five-man party had all of the weapons and supplies it would need. Then, he led it on a circular march to the front entrance of the Main Prison. After trotting across an open space and an unlit road, they reached the huge metal gates, still ajar, and threaded between them. Inside, smoldering fires in abandoned factories illuminated the semi-dark prison.
Davidson did not want to be out on point, his back turned to Malloy and his men, but had no choice. He retraced the route he took the previous day to reach the guardhouse. Once there, he turned on his flashlight and led the party through burnt-out rooms to the underground passageway. They followed it to the heavy metal door that barred access to the Maximum Security Unit.
He glanced at his watch. Five-thirty. Half an hour until the diversion started. He looked at Tex Milgram. “Alright, get the door ready.”
After using his flashlight to inspect the door, the former sapper extracted a stick of dynamite from his pack and fastened it to the lock.
Davidson said quietly: “Will that do the job?”
“Absolutely. This door is shit. I could kick it down if I had to.”
Tex Milgram inserted a fuse into the stick. “This is a twenty-second fuse. Tell me when to light it.”
“Wait for the diversion.”
Everyone turned off their flashlights, to save their batteries, and sat against the sandstone walls of the passageway. Tension filled the darkness. While they waited, Davidson described the lay-out of the Unit and what they would do inside it. Nobody objected to his plan.
At six o'clock precisely, the noise of AK-47s firing on full-auto reached the tunnel. Soon afterward, the heavy machine-gun of the APC joined the party. Several loud “crumps” had to be explosions.
Davidson turned on his flashlight and shone it at Malloy’s face. “What the hell are those explosions?”
Malloy smiled. “I bought a couple of grenade launchers on the black market about a year ago. The boys must have brought them along.”
Davidson expected to hear the fusillade slacken off a little. However, it grew in intensity. In fact, it sounded like the attackers were receiving plenty of return fire and a full-scale firefight was underway. Jesus. What the hell was happening out there? Who surprised who?
Instead of speculating, he turned to Tex Milgram, who had switched on his flashlight. “Blow the door.”
Everyone retreated to the guardhouse, except the ex-sapper, who lit the fuse and scurried back to join them. “Fire in the hole.”
After a dull thud, dust and smoke spewed from the passageway.
“Let's go.” Davidson plunged into the passageway holding his AK-47 and flashlight. Eyes stung; cordite tickled his throat. The door was gone. He stumbled into a well-lit corridor with a linoleum floor. Nobody there. The other four staggered out after him. Still heavy gunfire in the distance.
He tucked away his flashlight and led them along the corridor into a stairwell. He climbed one story and stepped out into another well-lit corridor. Vacant. Nobody seemed to have heard the explosion that blew open the door.
The Unit had a hub-and-spoke design. Three long corridors, with cells on both sides, extended from a central control room. A guard standing in that room could observe the whole length of each corridor. Whenever Davidson visited the Unit, three or four guards were stationed inside it. Hopefully, the diversion at the main gate drew some away.
The door to the control room was twenty yards away. He scurried forward, rifle extended, and had almost reached the door when it swung open. An Alliance fighter stepped out, saw Davidson and started to unsling his rifle. Davidson bowled him over with a short burst.
Davidson hurdled him and dashed through the door, rifle ready. An Alliance fighter and a regular guard stood in the middle of the control room. The terrified guard raised his hands, but the fighter stepped towards a rifle rack on the wall.
Davidson yelled: “Freeze.”
The fighter ignored him and grabbed a rifle. Davidson shot him twice in the side. He tumbled over and lay motionless. The rest of Davidson's party entered the control room behind him.
Davidson looked at the guard, cheeks quivering, obviously unarmed. “Where is everyone?”
“Two Alliance guys went to the front gate when the shooting started. Then, another guy left. You shot him.”
Davidson turned to Tex and Derek. “Anyone at the front gate has to come along the corridor outside. There’s a corner about 50 yards from here. Go there and shoot anyone coming this way.”
Both men looked at Malloy, who said: “Do it!”
The pair scampered out the door and the guard said: “W-w-what do you want?”
“We’re here to collect two prisoners.”
“You got permission to do that?” The guard’s brain was lagging well behind current events.
Malloy said: “Don’t be frickin’ stupid.”
Davidson said: “The names of the prisoners are: Helen Watkins and Albert Malloy. What are their cells numbers?”
The guard stumbled over to a desk, picked up a clipboard and flipped through several sheets of paper.
“Umm, she's in cell 91; he's in 110.”
Thank God, she was alive. “Give me the keys to those cells.”
“But …”
Davidson stabbed the guy in the belly with the muzzle of his rifle. “Now.”
The guard had a bunch of keys attached to his belt. He removed one key and shakily handed it over. “That's the master key. It’ll get you into the corridor and open all the cell doors.”
“Which corridor are they in?”
“The East Corridor - that one.” The guard pointed through the wrap-around window.
Davidson looked at Frank Hamelin. “Watch this guy. Tie him up, if you can.”
“I can shoot him.”
“Just tie him up. Malloy, come with me.”
Davidson slung his rifle, trotted down some steps and used the master key to pass through two iron-grill gates. He ran along the East Corridor, scanning the numbers. Desperate prisoners hammered their solid metal cell doors and wanted to know what was happening.
They reached Helen's cell first. Davidson turned the key in the lock and opened the door.
Malloy extended a greedy hand. “Give me the key, give it to me.”
Davidson handed it over and Malloy scampered along the corridor to rescue his son.
Davidson peered into the gloomy cell. A human shape sat on a bed. “Helen, that you?”
A terrified voice. “My God, Carl?”
“Yes. I'm getting you out of here. Come on. Hurry.”
She stumbled into the light, wearing a gray inmate uniform, blinking hard and looking bewildered. Big bruises covered her face. “You’re getting me out?”
“Yes, come on.”
He took her shaking hand and they jogged back towards the control room. He looked over his shoulder. Malloy and a string bean with a heavy beard, wearing an inmate uniform, were about 30 yards behind.
Davidson stopped at the first iron-grill gate, with Helen, and waited for Malloy to reach him. “Give me the key.”
“Why?”
“Give it to me.”
Malloy complied and continued into the control room with his son.
Davidson handed Helen his rifle. “Wait here.”
He opened the closest five cell doors in less than a minute. An emaciated guy cautiously stepped from the first one. Davidson soon recognized him. He was once the Chief of Staff of the High Command. The last time Davidson saw him, a few months ago, he stood on a dais in the full-dress uniform watching a brigade of troops parade past. When the Alliance attacked, he was in bed with his mistress and nobody could contact him. He arrived back at headquarters just in time to get captured. In other words, he spent his whole life preparing for one battle and missed it. Now, he looked at Davidson with some of his old hauteur. “What the fuck’s going on?”
Davidson pressed the master key into his hand. “You're being rescued. Open the other cells. You’ll need support. There are rifles in the control room. Understand? Fight or die. Your choice.” 
“Who the fuck’re you?”
“A friend. Get busy.”
A couple more prisoners emerged from their cells as Davidson raced back to Helen and grabbed her hand. “Come on.”
He led her up to the control room, where Malloy and Hamelin stood with the chalk-white Albert. The chunky guard lay face down on the floor, blood pouring from a head wound.
Frank Hamelin shrugged. “He’ll live, I think.”
Davidson saw through a window that a prisoner was opening cell doors and released prisoners were drifting towards them.
Shooting erupted in the corridor outside. Tex and Derek must have encountered Alliance fighters returning from the front gate. “Time to go.”
Davidson stepped out of the side door and saw Tex and Derek running towards him, panting hard. 
Tex said: “We knocked down a couple, but there were plenty behind them.”
“OK. Back down the stairs.”
Davidson hustled Helen and the rest of the group into the stairwell. Several Alliance fighters appeared at the end of the hallway. He stood in the doorway and fired a long burst that knocked over one and made the rest scramble for cover.
He ducked into the stairwell and found Helen waiting for him.
She looked more composed. “You OK?”
“Yes, follow the others.”
They raced down the stairwell and out into the corridor. The others had already disappeared. They sprinted through the gaping hole into the underground passage. He turned on his flashlight and led her to the guardhouse. Still no sign of the others.
Outside the guardhouse, the sky was a pre-dawn gray. The horizon had a golden rim. Davidson led Helen through the wire tunnels running between the factories towards the front entrance. A couple of times, they glimpsed blurry shapes - Malloy's group - ahead of them. The gunfire outside had died away. The diversionary party must have fled.
Davidson reached the heavy gates at the main entrance and peered out. Malloy and his party were crossing the road. Davidson was about to follow when a couple of jeeps, coming from the Maximum Security Unit, roared towards them. Alliance fighters standing in the jeeps opened fire on the fugitives, caught in the open.
Fortunately for the fugitives, Frank Hamelin was a bodyguard who knew his job. Instead of running, he crouched and calmly returned fire. His comrades stopped and copied him. Tex Milgram was shot and went down. However, both jeeps spun off the road and crashed. Malloy bent over Milgram and saw he was dead.
A couple of open trucks, laden with Alliance fighters, left the Unit and raced towards them. Malloy rose and rushed after his group. They crossed an open space and disappeared into a wooded area. The trucks stopped. Dozens of Alliance fighters leaped out and chased the fugitives.
Davidson wondered where the hell the new batch of fighters came from. They were not regular guards at the Unit. They obviously turned up out of nowhere and gave the diversionary party a nasty surprise. Malloy promised those guys they would stay alive. That promise was looking very hollow.
The next vehicle to arrive was a jeep with a driver and a man in the back. It stopped near the empty trucks and the man climbed out. The chintzy light made it difficult to pick out his features. However, Davidson focused hard and saw he was Colonel Maxwell, the main offsider of Secretary Monroe.
Helen whispered. “Bastard.” 
“You’ve met him?” 
“Yes.”
Davidson was about to seek details when Maxwell’s walkie-talkie squawked. After talking to the caller, Maxwell called someone else and had a barking conversation. He holstered his walkie-talkie and leaned against the jeep with crossed arms.
The Alliance fighters chasing Malloy’s group soon started streaming out of the wooded area and headed back towards the trucks. Maxwell blew a whistle several times and yelled: “Get on-board; get on-board.”
When everyone was aboard, the trucks raced back towards the front gate of the Unit. The jeep, with Maxwell in the back, followed them.
Helen said: “What the hell is going on?”
Heavy gunfire had erupted inside the Unit. “I think the prisoners we released are trying to break out. Come on, let's get out of here.”
They raced across the road, across the open space and into the wooded area. No sign of Malloy and his gang. It looked like they escaped.
The shooting inside the Unit grew in intensity as they circled around to the stolen truck. Davidson was glad he did not have to fight a group of prisoners who knew that to surrender meant death.
The truck was parked in an alley between two buildings. He approached it cautiously and saw no threats. He got behind the wheel and signaled for Helen to join him, which she did.
His first priority was to put plenty of distance between them and the Webster City Penitentiary. He drove for about two miles and parked beside a disused factory.
He turned to her. The facial bruising made him angry. “We're safe now. You OK?”
Tears rolled down her cheeks and her hands trembled. “Not really. I was terrified. I thought I was going to die in there. That guy we saw, Colonel Maxwell, turned up yesterday. He kept asking where you were and I said I didn’t know - which was true.”
“He hit you?”
“One of his men did. Then, he said that, if I didn’t tell him where you were, he’d shoot me.” A wry smile. “You never expect to hear that. It was horrible.”
“I’m sure it was. When did you speak to Maxwell?”
“Yesterday. Then, he went away, but said he was coming back.” 
Maxwell must have returned that morning, with a big escort of Alliance fighters, and stumbled upon Davidson and Malloy busting into the Unit. After polishing off the diversionary party, he was now battling a prison uprising.
Davidson said: “Thank God I got you out.”
“Yes, though you shouldn’t have.”
“Shouldn’t have what?”
“Rescued me.” 
That surprised him. “Why not?”
“It was too dangerous. You should be dead right now. I can’t believe you got away with it.” 
Davidson did not want to think about what might have gone wrong. Then, he would get scared. A shrug. “Well, I did.”
She put her head on his chest and sobbed for a minute.
He put an arm around her. “What's wrong?”
Her body stopped shaking and she wiped away her tears. “It's just that … just that … nobody’s ever done anything like that for me before - nobody. I mean, I thought you liked me, but I also thought you’d get on with your life. I didn't think you'd go crazy and try to save me.”
“Forget it. In fact, I really did it for myself.”
She looked puzzled. “Really?”
He felt more nervous than when he burst into the Unit. “Yeah. My life would have been pointless without you. I was more afraid of losing you than getting killed, believe me.”
She smiled and cried some more. “That’s the nicest thing anyone’s ever said to me.” 
“It’s the truth.” 
She wiped away her tears. “How come you’re still alive? Maxwell set up an ambush at the safe house.” 
“I know. It didn’t work.” 
“What happened?”
Davidson explained how he sprung the trap.
She laughed. “You're a survivor, aren't you?”
“I stay alert.”
“Who were the guys who helped you break into the Unit? Where did they come from?”
He explained how he stumbled upon Malloy surveilling the Unit, and joined forces with him and his gang. “I wouldn’t normally choose them as allies; they were the only option.”
She sat up straight. “So, what do we do now?”
“We lie low for a few days to recover our strength and make some plans.”
“Where do we do that?”
Davidson had already planned that step. “My family home, up north.” 
“Is it nice?”
“Very nice.”





CHAPTER TEN

Carl Davidson's parents were high school teachers who did not have to live in a shoddy apartment building like most of the City’s middle class. An ancestor of Carl's father was powerful and wealthy enough to build a large bungalow for himself in a leafy area at the northern tip of the City. The bungalow remained in the family until Carl's father inherited it. That was where he and his wife raised their two sons.
Carl was the more disciplined and law-abiding of the two boys. He studied hard at school and was an active member of the City Pioneers. After completing his compulsory military service, he joined the Internal Security Bureau and quickly rose through the ranks. However, his younger brother, Ted, was a rebel who itched to escape the City. He often boasted to his brother about the different places on the globe he would visit. While undertaking his compulsory military service, Ted was assigned to the Air Cavalry. He disappeared during a raid in Kansas. The Air Cav reported him dead, though his body was never found. Carl always wondered if he staged his death to escape the City, but was never able to find out.
Their parents died in a motor accident a few years before Ted disappeared. Then, when Ted “died”, Carl became the sole owner of the bungalow. To escape the sad memories it evoked, he rented it out and moved elsewhere. He kept renting it out until, a year ago, the last tenant left. It had been vacant since then.
Davidson knew that, if he and Helen used it as a hideout, he would stir up sad memories of his parents and mull over his brother’s disappearance. However, the bungalow was an ideal place to lie low and plot their next move. So, he put aside his misgivings and took her there.
To reach it, he drove the truck along a dark road hugging the Lake. The headlights picked up no other traffic. After turning inland, he headed through a small pine forest and soon reached a cul de sac with eight homes spread around it. No lights in the home. They either had no power or their occupants had fled. 
He parked a hundred yards from his family home and turned to Helen. “Stay here while I check it out.”
“I want to go with you.”
“Not this time. I know this area; you don’t. Sit behind the wheel in case we have to make a quick escape.”
A shrug. “OK.”
He climbed out. The air was chilly. His family home was near the end of the cul de sac. He pulled out his pistol and edged up the driveway; he spotted a chink of light in a window and his heart thumped. Someone was inside. Hopefully, just a squatter.
He pulled out his keys, opened the back door and carefully slipped into the kitchen. Moonlight fell through a large window. His eyes quickly adjusted and he edged into a hallway. Flickering light spilled out of the living room. He slid towards it, pistol extended, hoping no floorboard creaked. He still suspected the intruder was a squatter. But these were dangerous times and he would take no chances.
He stopped just outside the living room and heard the crackle of wood burning in the fireplace. The intruder had made himself at home. He stepped into the living room, pistol ready.
A man sat on a couch facing a roaring fire, reading a book.
Davidson pointed his pistol. “Don't move.”
The guy turned, startled. The fire gave his wizened face a spectral glow. He looked oddly familiar. Where had Davidson seen him before? His heart flipped. “Who are you?”
“Hello, Carl.”
When Davidson last saw his brother, 18 years ago, Ted was tall and athletic, with a flashing smile. He would be 37 now, if alive. This guy had obviously had a hard life - a Badlands life - and looked over 50. But his ravaged features, voice and movements all carried the imprint of Ted. 
Davidson's blood thinned and he struggled for balance. Was he dreaming? Would this guy suddenly evaporate?  “Ted?”
A rictus smile. “Yep, it's me. It's great to see you again, Carl - unbelievable.”
Davidson took a couple of quick strides and threw his arms around his brother, almost crushing him. Tears gushed and his voice quivered: “I thought you were dead; I thought you were dead …”
The brothers hugged and sobbed for almost a minute. Davidson realized the disappearance of Ted poked a huge hole in his soul that never closed up. It would expand for a while before starting to contract.
Ted stepped back and wiped away tears. “I'm hard to kill.”
“You must be. What happened to you? The Air Cav said you died during a raid in Kansas.”
“But they never found my body, did they? I actually deserted. I was young and crazy and had to bust out of this city. It was killing me: it was like a prison.”
“You should have told me you planned to desert.”
“You wouldn’t have understood. You were a troop leader in the City Pioneers - part of the system - and believed everything you were told. You might have reported me.”
“I wouldn’t have done that,” Davidson said, without conviction. Back then, he was committed to the City and its mission. That attitude died hard.
“Really? Hey, I loved you, Carl, I really did. You were my brilliant older brother. But the City brainwashed you, like everyone else. Anyway, the final straw came when I was drafted into the Air Cav. We kept shooting up Outlaw villages and Alliance bases for no good reason. I couldn’t keep doing that and decided to desert. My big chance came when we attacked an Alliance camp in Kansas. The copters touched down and we all spread out. My squad chased some Alliance fighters into a forest. I slid away and disappeared. Nobody tried to find me. The fighters counter-attacked and my buddies hauled their asses out of there.”
“You should have told me you were still alive.”
A shrug. “How? Who could I send? Who would you believe? I wanted you to think I was dead and get on with your life. It’s the hope that kills you in the end; I wanted to destroy any hope.” 
“I always had hope - not a lot, but some.” 
Tears returned. “I’m sorry about that, I really am. Then, when I heard the Alliance had captured the City, something snapped inside me and I had to see you again, no matter what. I didn't realize how hard it would be to find you. The City’s in chaos. So, I came out here, to see the house again and see if you were staying here.”
Davidson wanted to be angry with his brother for hiding his survival for 18 years, but could not extract that emotion. Elation buried it. “Well, you’ve found me now. So, tell me, what happened to you, after you deserted?”
A rueful smile. “I realized, damn fast, that I made a big mistake. I thought the Badlands was a land of milk-and-honey, and the Alliance would welcome me with open arms. Boy, I was dumb. Some Alliance fighters captured me and wanted to shoot me as a spy. They calmed down and handed me over to a farmer who basically used me as a slave for a few years. His huge dogs would have torn me to pieces if I tried to escape. But we slowly developed a strange friendship and he helped me set up my own place. I’ve got a small ranch with about 200 cattle, next to a river. It’s a beautiful place. I hope it’s still there when I get back.” 
Ted’s worn features and cracked teeth testified that his life in the Badlands was tough.
Davidson said: “Much radiation in the area?”
“No, Geigers are pretty quiet around there.”
“Any neighbors?”
“Yeah, there are plenty of other ranches and a town called Two Forks with about 600 people. It’s already got three churches and two bars. I go there to exchange cattle for supplies.”
“Is the area dangerous?”
“Hah, everywhere in the Badlands is dangerous. Most of my neighbors are good folk. But there are lots of bad guys prowling around. My house is a fortress, I never go out at night and I always carry a rifle. In the Badlands, nothing happens until it happens. It's also a terrible place to get sick: no hospitals and no qualified doctors - just quacks selling flavored water. People get old fast and die fast.” Ted looked sad. “I was married to a woman called Bernice for ten years. She fell sick one day and died the next. That was a year ago.”
“I'm sorry to hear that.”
He looked sad. “She couldn't read or write, and cussed all the time, but she looked after me.”
Davidson considered fetching Helen, sitting in the truck outside, but was too mesmerized to move. “So, you drove up here from Kansas?”
“Yeah, I drove a jeep. It's parked in the garage out the back. It was a tough trip. The City patched up bits of the highway for its military convoys; the rest is a shambles. I’m amazed we made it.” 
“We?”
“Yes, I came with Philip.”
“Who's Philip?” 
“He’s my son, sort of; he turned up on my doorstep when he was about five. I’ve looked after him ever since.” Ted gazed over Davidson’s shoulder and Davidson realized there was someone else in the house. His skin crawled. Ted said: “Philip, I know you’re out there, listening. Come in and meet my brother, Carl.”
Davidson spun around. After a few seconds, a slim kid - maybe 16 or 17 - stepped into the living room. He had curly golden hair and angular features. But what struck Davidson was his clothes. He wore the plaid shirt, jeans, snakeskin boots and holstered revolver of a western cowboy. Davidson almost giggled.
Ted looked at Davidson. “Let me introduce Philip. Like I said, he’s kinda like my son. He turned up at my house when he was about five, looking terrified. He still hasn’t said much about where he came from. I think his family belonged to a community of sun worshippers that lived nearby. Someone tattooed a big sun on his back. Who the hell would do that to a kid? Anyway, a tribe of cannibals called ‘The Dog People’ wiped out the community. Only Philip escaped. He obviously went through hell. In fact, for the first six months I looked after him, he didn't say a word - not a peep. I’m still the only person he trusts.”
Davidson: “That's a strange tale.”
“There are lots of strange tales out there.”
Davidson looked at Philip. “Hello.”
A suspicious stare. “Howdy.”
Davidson said: “Why are you dressed as a cowboy?”
A scowl. “I’m not a cowboy, I’m a gunfighter.”
“OK, why are you a gunfighter?”
Ted interrupted. “When he was a kid, I read him a lot of western stories. Then, he saw a couple of Hollywood westerns on VHS and was hooked. Now, he sorta pretends he’s a gunfighter. Where we come from, nobody notices. Everybody pretends to be someone else. That’s how they survive out there. Philip went through hell as a kid. I think he figures that, if he’s a gunfighter, he can always protect himself.”
Davidson was only slightly surprised. The Badlands was a hellish wasteland with no society or history. Outlaws had a huge incentive to embed themselves in a different world. This kid obviously decided to imitate a mythical breed he found in novels and movies. The interesting question was whether he pretended to be a gunfighter or really thought he was one.
Davidson smiled at Philip. “Nothing wrong with that.”
Ted said: “Philip practices a lot with his revolver. He’s quick on the draw.” 
Davidson looked at him. “Show me.”
Philip was more than quick. His Colt revolver suddenly materialized in his hand. Davidson almost gasped.
After a childish smile, Philip holstered his revolver almost as fast. “What do you think?”
Davidson said: “You’re very quick.”
A pleased expression. “I reckon I can draw against the drop and live.”
“Really? Nobody’s that fast.” 
“I am.” 
“You won't be so quick when someone’s pointing a gun at you. You won’t be shooting at tin cans in a yard.”
“So what?”
“You’ll be afraid.” 
A disdainful expression. “No, I won’t.” 
“It’s also hard to take someone’s life.” 
A puzzled expression. “Why?” 
“Killing is a big taboo. Lots of people can’t do it.”
A shrug. “I can.”
Only time would tell if the kid was the real deal or a carnival act. Davidson recalled that Helen was waiting outside. He didn’t want her to stumble into the house and get shot by Billy the Kid.
Davidson looked at Ted. “I came here with someone. She’s waiting outside. I’d better get her. I won't be long.”
“Who is she? Your wife?”
“No. I am married, but that’s over. She’s, umm, someone I like.”
“A lot?”
“Yes.”
A crooked smile. “Then I'd like to meet her. Bring her in.” 
Davidson left the house through the kitchen and wandered down to the truck. The meeting with Ted had left him weak and dazed. Helen was hunched behind the steering wheel. He looked at her through the side window.
She looked annoyed. “Where have you been?”
“Inside the house. I met someone I know.” 
“Really? Who?”
A deep breath. “Umm, my brother, Ted.” The words sounded strange.
She paused for several beats, hunting for the joke. “But he’s dead.” 
“Not anymore.”
“Holy shit. You’re serious?”
“Yes.”
“Wow. You must be very happy.”
He put a hand on the door to steady himself. “I am. Happy and shocked; shocked and happy. Maybe I’ve gone crazy and this is all a dream.”
“Don’t worry, you’re awake - I promise.”
“I hope you're right.”
“How come he's still alive?”
“He deserted during the raid in Kansas. Now, he owns a ranch down there. When the City fell, he came back to find me.” 
She smiled. “That’s lovely.”
“Anyway, the ghost inside the house wants to meet you. Come inside.”
“Will do.” 
“Oh, and he’s got someone with him.”
“Who?”
“Philip. I think he’s about 16 or 17. Ted adopted him when he was about five.”
“Wow.” 
“And, I should warn you: Philip acts like a gunfighter and dresses like one.”
“A gunfighter?”
“Yep, and he’s very quick on the draw.”
She pushed open the driver-side door and descended to the street. “I’ve gotta see this.”
He led her up the driveway and through the kitchen into the living room. Maybe his meeting with Ted and Philip was a delusional episode and the living room would be deserted. No, they were still there, standing in front of the fireplace.
Davidson nodded towards his brother. “Helen, meet Ted.”
Helen and Ted smiled and nervously shook hands. She said: “Very pleased to meet you. Carl has told me a lot about you. This is an amazing moment. He’s very happy right now.”
“So am I.” Ted nodded towards the gunfighter. “Helen, this is Philip. I've looked after him since he was five which, I guess, makes him my son. And, yes, he reckons he’s a gunfighter.”
Helen smiled and shook hands with Philip, who clicked his snake-skin boots together. “Pleased to meet you, Ma'am.”
Ted smiled. “He gets his manners from the movies, not me.” 
She looked puzzled. “Oh.”
Davidson looked at his brother. “We’ve got a lot to discuss. Let's sit at the kitchen table.” 
Helen stepped back. “Maybe you two should talk alone.”
Ted shook his head. “No, come with us. You'll stop us getting too sentimental. I want to get to know you, anyway.”
She nodded. “OK.”
Davidson and Ted each picked up a lamp and led the other two into the kitchen. They put the lamps on the large laminated table and everyone sat around it. Philip sat backwards on his chair, as if riding a horse.
The lamps highlighted Ted’s sallow complexion and the rings around his eyes. His worn appearance summed up the different trajectories the two brothers’ lives had taken. He had already coughed several times into his fist.
Ted glanced around at the kitchen. “I loved this house until Mum and Dad died. Then, I hated it. I thought you’d sell it.”
Davidson said: “I thought about doing that, but couldn’t let it go. I rented it out for a long time. The last tenant left about a year ago and it’s been empty since. If I knew you were alive, I’d have put aside for you some of the rent.”
A wan smile. “Wouldn’t have mattered. Money’s worthless now.”
“True.” Davidson paused. “You know, after the City told me you were dead, I kept thinking of everything I should have told you when you were alive and didn’t.”
“Like what?”
A laugh. “I've forgotten now.”
“If you remember, let me know.”
“I will. You always said that you wanted to explore the world. Have you done that?”
He laughed. “Nope. I've been too busy surviving. For instance, I always wanted to stand on a beach and look at an ocean. I haven’t even done that. But I’ve seen lots of interesting things.”
“Like what?”
“For a start, there are more people in the Badlands - on the planet, in fact - than you think. A few years ago, olive-skinned people started arriving in Kansas from the south. They talk a funny language and look damn scared. They’re running away from something down there - something bad.”
“They got much technology?’
“No. They ride horses and travel in small groups. Some have guns; some just bows and arrows.” 
Davidson had always suspected that, after the Great Plague, small pockets of humanity survived around the world and formed primitive tribes. However, Ted’s revelation was a jolt.
Ted said. “That’s not all. I've got a short-wave radio on my ranch. Sometimes, in the middle of the night, I’ve heard people speak Chinese.”
“Chinese? Are you sure?”
“Yeah. I've heard people speak Chinese in Hollywood movies. The guys on the radio sounded just the same.”
“Where did the signals come from?”
“Don’t know. But my radio can pick up transmissions from as far as China. I bet that, one day, someone will sail across the Pacific and get a big shock.” Ted coughed again into his fist. “That’s enough about me. What about you? A few years ago, I spoke to a guy who fled the City. He said you were a major in the ISB. That true?”
“That’s right.” He explained how he rose through the ranks of the ISB and was in the front-line of the fight against the Alliance. “It was not a pretty war. I did a lot of things I regret.”
“If you were in the ISB, why are you still alive?”
“You mean, why didn’t the Alliance shoot me?”
“Yes.”
A rueful smile. “Because, in the end, I betrayed the City.” 
An amazed expression. “Seriously?”
“Yes.”
“Why?”
Davidson described how he started having serious doubts about the City when his boss at the ISB, Colonel Prentice, discovered that Alexander Webster was not a brilliant biochemist who saved mankind. Webster was, in fact, a vicious white supremacist preacher who released a super-virus that annihilated humanity, except for a small group of his followers, whom he had vaccinated. 
Ted’s eyes widened. “Wow. I always thought Alexander Webster was a phony of some kind and didn’t know why. Now I do. He was pure evil. Yet, everybody in this city treated him like a god. One of the best things about being in the Badlands was that, after a while, I stopped thinking about him. When I was here, I thought about him ten times a day; out there, he didn’t count. I went for weeks without thinking about him. That was wonderful.”
“I hope I can forget about him.”
“You will. He will slowly disappear. So, is that why you betrayed the City?”
“That was one of the reasons. But there was a much bigger one.”
“What?”
Davidson explained how the last Chancellor, Joshua Webster, tried emulated Alexander Webster and release a super-virus to destroy the Alliance. “Only his closest supporters, who he had vaccinated, would have survived.”
“Christ. And you stopped him?”
“Yes, with the help of Colonel Prentice and Helen here. In fact, the Colonel shot Joshua Webster dead in his office.” 
“In other words, the three of you saved us all - including me - from extinction.”
A smile. “That’s a fair assessment.”
“I’m proud of you. I always thought you’d do the right thing when it counted.”
“Thanks.”
“And that’s why you’re still alive?”
“Yes. The Alliance gave me a reprieve, for a short while, anyway.”
“A short while?”
“Yes, it’s been withdrawn.”
“Why?”
Davidson described how he was summoned to see Secretary Monroe, who claimed that Isaiah Webster had stolen the super-virus. However, Davidson quickly made an enemy of Monroe and saved Commander Solon from assassination. Then, Monroe seized Helen and he had to rescue her from the Maximum Security Unit.
Ted giggled. “You’re good at making enemies, aren’t you?”
“It’s my specialty. That’s why Helen and I came up here - to lie low and work out how to recover the super-virus.”
“You think you can recover it?”
 “I’ve got no idea.” 

 
CHAPTER ELEVEN

Davidson and Ted chatted deep into the night, mostly reminiscing about their childhoods, which they had to admit were unusually happy and did not excuse anything they did later. Helen and Philip wandered off after about an hour, but they kept talking. Only at 3 a.m. did they finally hug and go to bed.
Davidson found Helen sleeping, in her clothes, on a dusty bed in a spare bedroom. He lay beside her, fully clothed, and soon fell asleep.
He woke just after dawn and listened to someone coughing in the kitchen. A dark rattle. Sounded like Ted. He quietly rose and padded out there.
His brother sat at the table, drinking a cup of coffee, staring out at the overgrown back yard.
Davidson said: “Morning. You don’t sleep much?”
Ted spun around. “Nobody sleeps much in the Badlands.”
“Where’s Philip?’
“I don’t know. He doesn’t sleep much either. He’ll be prowling around somewhere.”
 “Tell me this: is he pretending to be a gunfighter or does he really think he is one?”
A laugh. “I think he’s pretending. But sometimes he forgets he’s pretending. Just don’t underestimate him. Most of us get rid of our childhood fantasies. He has pulled them tighter for protection. When put to the test, he will do what a gunfighter has to do - I promise that. I just hope he survives the experience.”
“You two are very close, aren’t you?”
“Yep. I’m basically his father and the only person he trusts. He would kill for me; he would die for me. I’m sure of that. However, I’m afraid we might not be together much longer.”
“Why not?”
“He's getting itchy feet. He’s tired of the ranch. He wants to see the world.”
“How do you feel about that?”
“I'm not happy. But I'm the last person to complain about itchy feet, aren't I?”
 Ted emitted another rattling cough. Davidson was reluctant to ask about his brother’s health, lest he hear bad news, but had no choice. “Are you alright?” 
“Yes, don’t worry.”
Ted coughed hard and a bubble of blood appeared on his lips.
Davidson felt a stab of fear. “You’re not alright. What’s wrong?”
“Nothing.”
“There’s blood on your lips.”
His brother looked surprised and brushed his lips with the back of his hand. He studied the blood. “Damn. I was hoping you wouldn’t see that.” 
“What’s wrong?”
A long sigh. “About six months ago, I started coughing blood. I’ve read some medical books. I’m pretty sure I’ve got tuberculosis.”
Tuberculosis. Davidson panicked. Surely, his brother did not rise from the dead only to die again. “Oh, Christ. Are you getting better?”
A shake of the head and sad eyes. “Worse, I’m afraid. I - I - I don’t think I’ve got long. I’m sorry, I should have told you last night, but didn't want to ruin the moment. It meant so much to me.”
“What’s the cure for tuberculosis?”
“The medical books say it’s usually treated with antibiotics. I don’t have any.”
“Then we’ll have to find some.”
“Don’t bother. I’m too far gone. I didn’t come here to be cured. I just wanted to see you. I’ve got to make sure I don’t infect you, too.”
“I don’t care what you want. I’m going to find you a doctor and some antibiotics.”
“Where?”
Davidson saw only one option. “Webster Central Hospital.”
“It’s still open?”
“I’ve heard the Alliance kept open a couple of wards to treat wounded fighters. There must be a few doctors still on duty.” 
“But Secretary Monroe and most of the Alliance are hunting for you. They want you dead.” 
“So what?” 
“You turn up at Webster Central, they’ll kill you.”
“They can try. It won’t be easy.”
“It’s too risky.”
“Stop arguing. I’m taking you there. End of story. Let’s get everyone ready.”
A crooked grin. “You always were pushy.”
“Yes, and I’m getting worse.”


CHAPTER TWELVE

Thirty minutes later, Davidson drove the truck away from the bungalow and headed towards Webster General Hospital. He made Philip sit in the front cabin, where he could observe him. Ted and Helen sat in the back under the tarpaulin canopy.
Philip still wore his western outfit and looked awestruck at the heft and girth of Webster City, obviously the most incredible place he had ever seen. He said: “You know, I always dreamed about coming to Webster City and looking around. Too bad it’s falling apart.”
“It's dying, actually.”
“Ted says you were an important man - sort of like a cop - before the Alliance arrived.”
“I had a high rank.”
“He says you killed a lot of people.”
Davidson was annoyed. “I killed some; I had no choice.”
“How many did you kill?”
Davidson was now angry. “Do you know what 'impertinent' means?”
“I think so.”
“Well, your question is impertinent.”
“You mean, you don't want to answer it?”
“Correct.”
“OK, OK. Sorry I asked.”
“Good. Killing people is not fun. If you think it’s fun, there’s something very wrong with you. Do you understand?”
The kid looked a little chastened. “Yes.”
Davidson wanted to change the topic. “Ted said you like watching western movies?”
“That’s right.”
“What’s your favorite?”
“Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, though I ain't seen the end.”
“Why not?”
“The tape was broke. Do ya know what happens?”
Davidson watched the movie - the whole movie - ten years ago. In the end, the heroes were shot dead in Bolivia. He did not want to disappoint the kid. “Afraid not. I don't watch many movies.”
A shrug. “Too bad. I’ll find out, one day.”
Philip started whistling 'Raindrops keep falling on my head'. Davidson wanted to explain that Hollywood invented that song and real gunfighters didn’t sing it. However, that would shake the kid’s fantasy world, which was all he had. Ted had said that, when the chips were down, Philip would behave like a gunfighter. Davidson reckoned Ted was biased. In a crisis, the kid would be useless.
The truck slid down off Pasteur Expressway and turned onto Lister Boulevard.
Philip said: “How’re we gonna get into the hospital and get Ted treated?”
Davidson had spent the journey pondering that question. “We'll sneak in a back way and wander around until we find a doctor.”
Philip frowned. “I think we should shoot our way through the front entrance.”
He obviously didn't pay attention to Davidson's earlier sermon. “I want to avoid any shooting, if possible.”
“Why?”
“It's noisy and we could get killed.”
“That won't happen.”
“Why not?”
“I'm too quick.”
“Really? That sort of attitude will get you killed.”
“Why?”
“It’ll make you lazy and stupid. You'll get into bad situations and expect your gun will bail you out - it won't.”
“Yes, it will.”
Davidson sighed. It was like talking to a brick wall. “Suit yourself. But, while you're with me, you'll do what you’re told, understand?”
“Sure,” Philip said glibly.
Davidson wondered why he was lecturing Philip. That was not his job. Davidson also wondered if Ted brought Philip to the City because he hoped that, after he died, Davidson would assume a parental role. Surely, Ted was not that sneaky. Or was he?

Webster General Hospital was a huge block of water-stained concrete squatting in the middle of an enormous car park, now deserted. Every window was dark. However, the doors of the Emergency Department were open and several heavily-armed Alliance fighters stood guard outside them. The fighters paid little attention to the truck as it drove past.
Davidson circled around to the opposite side of the building and found no activity. He drove past huge mounds of rubbish exhaling a fetid odor and squeezed into a loading dock where, hopefully, nobody would notice the truck.
He and Philip climbed into the back of the truck to join Helen and Ted.
Helen said: “What's the plan?”
He picked up an Alliance combat smock, lying on the floor, and donned it. “Simple, Ted and I will go into the hospital and prowl around until we find a doctor who'll examine him.”
“Do you want me to go with you?”
“No. Someone has to stay and keep an eye on the truck. I think you and Philip should do that.”  
Philip frowned. “No, I’m going with you.” 
“Do what you’re told.”
“No, I’m going.”
Davidson had worried that, if he took Philip, the kid would be a burden. He now decided it was smarter to keep an eye on him. “Alright, you can come along.”
“I can?”
“Yes. As long as you do what you're told.”
A disarming smile. “Sure.”
“Good. You going to take a rifle?”
Philip patted his holstered Colt .44. “Nah, this’ll be enough.”
Davidson was relieved the kid would not be waving a rifle around. “Your call.” He looked at Helen. “Don’t wait in the truck. Find somewhere close to hide and keep an eye on it.”
“Will do.” 
The three men climbed out of the truck, Davidson and Ted with rifles, and looked around for a way into the hospital building. It didn't take them long to find one. The first door that Davidson tried to open was unlocked. He stepped through it and turned on his flashlight. “Follow me.”
The hospital had a maze of endless corridors that would be difficult to navigate when the lighting system was working. Doing it with a flashlight was tortuous work. They stumbled along corridors, and up and down stairs, for almost an hour until they heard squeaky human voices.
Davidson headed towards them. They got louder until he reached a door with light escaping under it. He gently turned the door handle. Unlocked. He eased himself into a long ward lined with Alliance fighters on beds. Their injuries ranged from severe to horrific. No guards, thank God. They were obviously stationed outside the front entrance of the hospital. Three female nurses in dirty uniforms were moving about.
Davidson reminded himself that his Alliance uniform entitled him to enter the ward. A tall, thin nurse was changing a shoulder bandage. Davidson strutted over to her, his companions trailing behind, and barked like he was still a major in the Internal Security Bureau. “Where is the doctor?”
The nurse looked desperately tired. “Who are you?”
“Captain Thomas McGuire from Secretary Monroe's personal detail.” Davidson pointed at Ted. “This man is a close friend of the Secretary who needs treatment. The Secretary ordered me to bring him here.”
“Did you go to the Emergency Department?”
“Of course, and they sent me here.”
She frowned and shook her head. “They shouldn't have done that.”
He increased the iron in his tone. “Where is the doctor?”
She frowned and pointed towards a corridor at the end of the ward. “Go down that corridor to Doctor Starling's office.”
“Thank you.”
Davidson led his group down the corridor until he saw a nameplate that said: 'Doctor Starling'. He knocked on the door.
A grumpy voice. “Come in.”
Davidson pushed open the door and led his party into a large book-lined room. A tall, weary man in a white coat sat at a desk scrawling on a pad.
When a major in the ISB, Davidson often visited the hospital to visit wounded comrades or captured Alliance fighters. He met this doctor several times during those excursions and prayed the guy did not remember him.
The doctor glanced at each face, then focused on Davidson. “Hello, I'm Doctor Starling. Who are you?”
Davidson said: “Captain Thomas McGuire. I'm an aide to Secretary Monroe.”
The doctor stared hard. “Really? We've met before, haven't we?”
Davidson played dumb. “I don't think so.”
“Yes, we have. You were a major in the ISB. I've forgotten your name.”
Davidson found the guy's directness rather amusing. Most people who realized he was an imposter would have kept quiet. But doctors tended to be no-nonsense; the facts were the facts. And maybe this guy was too tired and depressed to fear for his safety.
Davidson smiled. “You probably met my twin brother who did work for the ISB.”
A dry chuckle and knowing smile. “Yes, of course, that makes sense. But, out of curiosity, how did you get into the hospital?”
“Through a loading dock. We thought it was the main entrance.”
“Hah. Anyway, how can I help?”
Davidson nodded towards Ted. “This is my brother, Ted. He's very sick. We need a diagnosis.”
“He's not an Alliance fighter, is he?”
“No.”
“I'm only supposed to treat Alliance fighters.”
“Who told you that?”
“The Alliance, of course. That’s why there's nobody else in this hospital. They told all the other patients to go home.” 
“What if they wouldn’t leave?”
“Most left. They killed the rest.”
“Goodness. But you’ll examine my brother, right, because you're a good doctor? That's why you're still here.”
“I have no idea why I'm still here.” The doctor sighed and looked at Ted. “Alright, take a seat and tell me what's wrong.”
Ted sat opposite the doctor and explained his symptoms. When he mentioned coughing blood, the doctor frowned. “That's not good.”
The doctor put an oxygen mask over Ted's face and turned on the flow. Ted's cheeks grew a little brighter and his coughing softened.
After using his stethoscope to take soundings of Ted's chest, the doctor stepped back. “I'd normally take blood and sputum samples, but there's nobody in the lab to run the tests. However, I'm fairly sure you've got advanced - very advanced - tuberculosis. Your lungs are in terrible condition. The normal treatment would be to take an antibiotic called ‘Azopart’ for six to nine months. There's no guarantee that would work, of course, but it would be the best hope. However, I’m afraid I have no Azopart.”
Davidson felt a chill. “None at all?”
“None. We ran out three weeks ago. I'm sorry.”
“Can you get your hands on some?”
“No. The Center for Disease Control used to manufacture it. That's now a smoking ruin.”
“Someone must have some; there must be a black market somewhere.”
“I haven't heard of one.”
“Is there another antibiotic Ted can take?”
“The second-best option is an antibiotic called ‘Silopan’. It's very effective in some cases. But I don't have that either. In fact, I've got no antibiotics at all. That’s why a lot of the fighters outside are not going to make it. I'm sorry.”
Ted stood and gave Davidson a sad look. “I said there was no point trying to save me.”
Davidson shook his head. “You're not dead yet.”
Ted looked at the doctor. “Am I infectious?”
“Yes. The danger is not high. But you can spread the disease. You should avoid physical contact and sharing small rooms or food.”
Ted looked at Davidson. “I don't want to infect the rest of you.”
Davidson ignored him and looked at the doctor. “If we find some Azopart or Silopan, how often should he take it?”
“Give him 10 milligrams a day for nine months, at least. He should feel a lot better after a couple of weeks and stop being infectious. But you must give it to him for at least nine months to kill off any underlying infection.”
“Thanks.”
The doctor shrugged. “I’m sorry I can't do more. It's too bad your brother doesn't need a flu vaccine. We could give him that.”
“Really?”
A wry smile. “Yes. Secretary Monroe sent over several boxes of flu shots last week. Alliance people keep turning up to get one. I don’t know why they're all so worried about catching the flu. There are much bigger dangers right now.”
Davidson was stunned. The vaccine used to combat the Agent Pandora super-virus was disguised as a flu shot. It looked like Monroe, not Isaiah Webster, stole the three canisters of Agent Pandora kept at the Center for Disease Control and the vaccine used to ward it off. Monroe was now inoculating his cabal so he could release the super-virus. 
Maybe Davidson and his companions should get “flu” shots before leaving the hospital. “Where is the vaccine kept?”
“The Alliance keeps it under lock and key in the Emergency Department. It’s doled out whenever someone comes in for an injection.”
If Davidson wanted to steal some of the vaccine, he would have to overcome the Alliance fighters in the Emergency Department. There were too many. He gave up the idea and looked at the doctor. “Thank you for your help. We’d better get going. You should come with us.”
“No, I'll stay with my patients.”
“You sure?”
“Yes.”
“They're lucky to have you. Good luck.”
“Thank you.”
Davidson slipped over to the doorway and glanced into the corridor. Vacant. He led the other two out of the office and through the ward lined with Alliance wounded, some now looking apprehensive.
They had almost reached the far door when someone behind yelled: “Stop.”
They spun around. A heavily bearded Alliance fighter, rifle slung, had entered the ward through a side entrance and was staring at them. The fighter saw their cornered expressions and realised he should have had his rifle ready. A huge mistake. Terror creased his face. He started to unsling it. Too late. Davidson lifted his rifle to take a hip shot. However, before he could, Philip drew his pistol with stunning speed and shot the fighter twice in the chest. The fighter and his rifle tumbled to the floor. 
The wounded quivered on their beds; the nurses disappeared beneath them.
Davidson heard himself say “Jesus” and struggled to process what he just saw. He thought Philip was talking hot air when he boasted that he could kill without hesitation. Philip wasn’t. The kid was death served in a chilled glass. Ted had said that Philip's gunfighter fantasy made him strong, not weak, and he was right.
Davidson looked at Philip: “You OK?”
Philip holstered his pistol with a trembling hand and licked dry lips. “Yes, yes, I’m OK.”
“You sure?”
“Yeah.”
“Good. We’ll soon have lots of company. Let’s get out of here. Follow me.”
Davidson led his party into the pitch-black corridor from which they had emerged. He turned on his flashlight and headed through the maze of corridors towards the loading dock. He now better grasped the layout and it only took them ten minutes to reach their destination. Thankfully, the truck was still there and there were no signs of Alliance fighters, yet. 
Helen slipped out from behind a large skip bin, holding a rifle, and joined them. “How did it go?”
Davidson shrugged. “Good and bad. Let's get away from here, first. Then, I'll tell you what happened.”
Helen saw Philip looked a little white. “You OK?”
A firm nod. “Sure, I’m OK.”
Davidson said: “Everybody in the truck.”
He got behind the steering wheel, with Philip beside him, and the other two climbed into the back. He drove straight across the wide car park and through the nearest gate, without encountering any opposition.
Davidson glanced at Philip. “You were impressive back there - very impressive.”
“Thanks. I had no choice.”
“You did the right thing. But how do you feel about killing someone?”
Philip's lower lip trembled. “A bit sick, I guess.”
“Good. Hold onto that feeling. It's important. And if you want to talk about it, let me know.”
“Sure.”
Davidson had warned Philip that he would not be as quick on the draw when someone else had a gun. He was wrong about that. The kid was blindingly quick in the hospital ward. He obviously had a lot more substance than Davidson realized.
Ten minutes later, Davidson parked in a secluded picnic area with a creek running through it. Everybody climbed out and sat around a wooden table beside a brick barbeque, under a willow tree, for a council of war.
Davidson explained to Helen what happened in the hospital ward and she gave Philip a long and curious stare. “Well done.”
Philip had regained some cockiness and shrugged. “Thanks.”
Ted coughed blood into a handkerchief and looked even grayer than usual. “Thanks, everyone, for trying to help me. But that didn't work. You've got to stop worrying about me and focus on what's important.”
Davidson said: 'What's that?”
“Staying alive and getting back the canisters of Agent Pandora. Forget about me.”
Davidson wanted to mull over the implications of Secretary Monroe having stolen the Agent Pandora canisters. But, first, he had to focus on his brother’s health. He had been wondering where to get the Azopart his brother needed and had an idea. “Stop being a martyr. There's still hope. I know someone who might have the antibiotic you need.”
“Who? 
“A crime boss called Kevin Malloy. He ran a big black-market operation before the Alliance arrived; he even sold prescription drugs. He's still got a big stockpile of supplies which probably includes antibiotics.”
“Where's his stockpile?”
“I don't know.”
“Where's Malloy?”
“I don't know that either.”
Helen said: “How do we find them?”
“I think I can locate his bodyguard, Frank Hamelin. After we grab him, the rest will be easy.”
Ted shook his head. “As I said, forget about me. Move on.”
Davidson frowned. “We've already had that discussion and you lost. Accept that.”
A long sigh. “When we were kids, you always had to get your way.”
“Yep, and nothing has changed.”
Helen looked at Davidson. “When are we going to grab Hamelin?”
“Tomorrow morning.”


CHAPTER THIRTEEN

When he was a major in the Internal Security Bureau, Davidson worked hard to stop Alliance spies and collaborators infiltrating the criminal underworld. He developed a network of underworld informants to help him do that. Kevin Malloy's bodyguard, Frank Hamelin, was one of those informants. Hamelin often reported on dealings between Alliance representatives and Malloy or other underworld figures. He was a good informant, though Davidson accepted he never told the whole truth.
In those days, Hamelin was a keen jogger who, every morning, parked his Lincoln sedan in a secluded car park beside Lake Michigan and ran for six miles along the shore. Davidson often met him in the car park to obtain information.
The City was now in total chaos. There was almost no food, electricity, water or fuel. Death stalked the streets. However, Hamelin was a fitness fanatic who loved routine. He would not miss his morning run. 
Davidson decided to stake out the car park the next morning. Just after dawn, he left the bungalow in the Alliance truck and headed towards it. Philip sat beside him; Helen and Ted sat in the back. 
The gloomy sun hovered just above the horizon, coated with mist, as if unsure whether to continue its journey. Davidson drove along deserted streets lined with starving buildings until he reached a side street that was one block from the car park; he pulled up against the curb and everyone climbed out holding their weapons. 
Davidson looked at Ted. “You'll have to stay here.”
A frown. “Why?”
“Your cough.”
“What about it?”
“It's loud. It could get us killed.”
“But …”
“Be sensible.”
A big frown. “OK, OK. But you shouldn't risk your lives for me.”
“We're not. The only danger is your coughing.”
A big eye-roll. “Alright, I'll wait here.”
Ted leaned against the side of the truck and Davidson led the others toward the car park. Davidson was pleased to see a big black Lincoln with Hamelin’s license plate was the only parked car. The guy deserved a medal for dedication to jogging.
While the others kept a look-out, Davidson lifted the hood of the Lincoln and removed its carburetor. Then, they all waited behind a small toilet block.
Hamelin appeared 20 minutes later, skull red and puffing hard. Davidson bet the guy was carrying a pistol under his windcheater, despite the inconvenience. Hamelin was that cautious.
Davidson watched Hamelin get into his car and turn the ignition key. No response. After about a minute, Hamelin, looking annoyed, climbed out, popped the hood and examined the engine.
Davidson slipped to within five yards of Hamelin and extended his Ruger pistol. “Freeze, Frank. Don't move a whisker.”
Hamelin looked over his shoulder, startled. “Davidson, what the fuck?”
“You're a dangerous man, Frank, so I won't take any risks. You make a tiny false move and I’ll take you down. No hesitation. Now, take out your pistol very, very slowly. Finger and thumb on the butt, please. Put it on the roof of the car.”
Before Hamelin could comply, Philip stepped up next to Davidson, revolver rock-steady. Hamelin studied his cowboy rig and looked quizzical.
Davidson said: “This is Philip. He's a gunfighter from Kansas. Now, take out your pistol and put it on the roof.”
Hamelin nervously unzipped his windcheater, reached into a shoulder holster, extracted his pistol with thumb and forefinger, and placed it where told.
“Good. Lie face down with your hands behind your back.”
Hamelin's skull flared up. “What the hell is this about?”
“Do it, now!”
Davidson had brought a pair of handcuffs. When Hamelin was flat on his belly, Davidson pulled them out, dropped a knee onto his back and cuffed his hands. He propped Hamelin up against a front tire of the Lincoln and stepped back. “That's better. This is just like old times, isn’t it, except I’m now pointing a pistol at you. You know, I'm impressed.”
“About what?”
“The City’s collapsing around our ears and you jog every morning.”
“It's how I relax.”
“You relaxed right now?”
Pursed lips. “No. What do you want?”
“We'll get to that. First, tell me this: what the hell happened at the Maximum Security Unit the other day?”
“What do you mean?”
“While we were inside the Unit, a couple of truck-loads of Alliance fighters turned up.”
“Yeah, that's right. I don’t know where they came from. They just appeared at the wrong time and made a fucking big mess of the guys staging the diversion at the front gate. Wiped them out. Only one guy survived and he’s still shaking.”
Davidson said: “Then, they came down to the Main Prison and chased your group into the trees?”
“Correct. They were right on our asses. Then, for some reason, they stopped and went back to their trucks. I couldn't believe it. They almost had us. It was a miracle.”
“They had to go back to the Unit because the prisoners we released started shooting it up. They had to deal with them.”
“That makes sense.”
“So, you don’t know what happened to the prison rebellion?”
“No idea. I just focused on hauling my ass out of there.”
“Malloy got away?”
“Yeah, we all got away except for Tex, who caught a bullet.”
“I saw that. Well, I'm glad Malloy got away.”
“Why?”
“I want something from him.”
“What?”
“An antibiotic.”
Hamelin looked puzzled. “What?”
“An antibiotic. It’s called Azopart, though I'll take Silopan if necessary.”
“Why do you want them?”
“None of your business.”
“Why do you think Kevin has them?”
“They're small, scarce and valuable - just the sort of thing he would hoard.”
A shrug. “I know he’s got lots of medicines - he boasts about that. I don't know what kind.”
“Where does he keep that medicine?”
“With the rest of his stockpile, of course.”
“Where’s that?”
“If I tell you, you'll let me go?”
Hamelin would see through a lie. Better to be honest, for the moment. “No, I won't. I'll let you go when I have the antibiotic I want.”
“Or, when you find out Kevin doesn't have it?”
“Yes, or that. I'm not a vicious guy. You know that. If you co-operate, I'll let you go; if you play games, I'll pop you. I’m not sentimental, either.”
“OK, OK. Malloy owns a big carpet warehouse in Sector 4. It's probably the only legit business he's ever owned. He dug a huge storage area underneath it and stockpiled his black-market supplies there. There are still plenty of them left.”
“You never told me any of that?”
A weak grin. “You never asked.”
Davidson had always assumed that Hamelin withheld a lot of information. This was proof. “How do I get into this underground storage area?”
“You can't get in.”
“Why not?”
“It’s behind a huge metal door with a massive lock. You’d need a truck-load of dynamite to blow it open. Kevin’s a very cautious man, believe me.”
Davidson did believe him. “OK. Where is he right now?”
“In the storage area, of course. He went a bit mad after the City fell and got terrified that people would steal his stockpile. Won’t let it out of his sight. He’s like a dog in a manger.”
“Does he ever leave the place?”
“Not anymore. He went straight back there after what happened at the Unit and hasn’t left since. He's become a helmet.”
Davidson was confused. “You mean, a hermit?”
“Yeah, a hermit.”
“That’s no way for a man to live.” 
“You try telling him that …”
“Is anyone with him underground?”
“No. Like I said, most of his crew got blown away at the Unit. I'm the only protection he’s got.”
If Davidson politely asked Malloy for some antibiotics, and Malloy had them, Malloy might hand them over. Or, he might not. Malloy was unpredictable and would hate Davidson knowing the location of his stockpile. The best way to obtain some antibiotics - if available - was to gain some leverage over Malloy.
He said: “It looks like I need a hostage I can exchange for the antibiotics.”
A shrug. “Don't look at me. He won't give you anything for me.”
“I know that. There's only one person he really cares about. Recent events proved that.”
“Who?”
“His dumbo son, Albert, of course. Where is he right now?”
A long pause while Hamelin pondered whether to lie or not.
Davidson pointed his Ruger at the bodyguard’s forehead to short-circuit those ruminations. “If I even suspect you’re lying, I will shoot you dead. I’ll feel bad if I get it wrong, of course, but you’ll feel a lot worse.”
“OK, OK, I think he's still celebrating at the Golden Palace.”
Malloy owned three brothels. The Palace was his most up-market operation, though that said little. The decor and girls were pretty industrial. “It's still operating?”
“Kevin reopened it so Albert could celebrate his freedom with a couple of girls.”
“The girls turned up?”
“Of course. People will do anything for food these days.”
“Then let's go over there and join the celebration.”



CHAPTER FOURTEEN

The Golden Palace brothel filled the second floor of a run-down strip mall in Sector 7. Davidson parked the truck outside it and told Philip to stay put and keep his eyes open. Helen, Ted, and a handcuffed and chained Hamelin, sat in the back. He left them there.
He climbed a rear staircase to the front door of the brothel. Hamelin had given him a key. Davidson gently unlocked the door and slipped inside. The only thing palatial about the Golden Palace was its name. The brothel started life as an office suite. When Malloy took over the lease, he converted the offices into bedrooms. The flimsy walls did not contain the moans and groans of customers or the insincere yelps of the girls.
Gray sunlight trickled through windows and illuminated a reception area with lacy curtains, gilt-edged mirrors, plump leather couches and onyx nymphs. Several original Van Gogh paintings, souvenired from the derelict Art Institute of Chicago, decorated pine-paneled walls. Someone had pen-drawn a silly beard on a self-portrait.
Davidson crept up the gloomy main corridor, pistol drawn, glancing through open doorways into empty rooms. The snoring of someone, somewhere, grew louder.
The last room was quite large. Albert Malloy lay naked on a huge water bed beside a peroxide blonde who, at least, wore lingerie. When Davidson stepped through the door with his pistol, she screamed and leaped to her feet.
She cowered in a corner while Albert kept snoring. “Don't shoot. Don't shoot.”
Davidson showed a palm. “Don't worry, I won't harm you. I just want to talk to Albert here. You can go.”
Big mascara-fringed eyes. “I can?”
“Yes, go home, quietly.”
“OK, OK.” She rushed towards the door and scooped up her dress without breaking stride; she paused and scowled at the still-snoring Albert. “You should shoot him.”
“Thanks for the advice.”
“No, seriously.”
“I’ll think about it.”
After looking ready to argue her case, she gave Albert the finger and disappeared. Davidson looked down at Albert, who had shaved off his heavy beard and exposed a beaky face. His skin was inmate-white and semi-starvation had eroded his already poor physique. The sooner he clothed himself, the better.
Davidson kicked his foot. A small groan and more snoring. Davidson kicked it again. Albert squealed and opened a sleepy eye. It took him a while to comprehend the significance of the pistol. Then, he snapped awake and backed up against the headboard. He pulled up the sheet as if it was bullet-proof. “What the fuck, dude - who are you?”
“You don't remember me?”
Albert tore his eyes off the muzzle and looked up. “No, who’re you?”
“I'm Carl Davidson. I help your father get you out of jail.”
Albert squinted. “Oh, yeah, I remember you now. What do you want?”
“I need a favor.”
“What favor?”
A smile. “I want you to be my hostage.”
“What the fuck’re you talking about?”
“I want something from your father. He’s not generous. So, I need a hostage he cares about. You’re the only candidate.”
Albert looked ready to cry. “I don't wanna be a fuckin' hostage. You’re making a big mistake. My dad will tear you to pieces.” Two years in prison did not damage his arrogance or sense of entitlement. 
“Listen, I was once a major in the ISB. That means I’ve killed a lot of people. You can join them if you want. I’ll just shoot you now and walk out of this shit-hole. Nobody will ever know or care.”
Albert dropped the sheet and showed his palms. “OK, OK, I'll be your hostage.”
“Smart move. Put on your clothes before I throw up.”
Albert leaped out of bed and nervously pulled on a pair of jeans and a skivvy. He looked around. “Where are my shoes?” 
“I don’t care. Turn around and put your hands behind your back.”
“Why?”
“Ask one more question and I’ll shoot you dead.”
“OK, OK.”
Albert pirouetted and put his hands where instructed. Davidson snapped another pair of handcuffs over trembling wrists and shoved Albert towards the door.
Albert yelped: “My shoes.”
“Too late now.”
Davidson frog-marched him downstairs and heaved him into the back of the truck, where Helen and Ted sat with Frank Hamelin, still handcuffed and chained to a bench. 
Davidson chained Albert to the bench opposite.
Albert gave Hamelin an angry look. “Did you rat on me, Frank?”
“Shut up.”
Hamelin had told Davidson that the carpet warehouse, under which Kevin Malloy built a storage area, was just inside the Section 4 commercial zone. Davidson took about 30 minutes to reach it.
The warehouse was a big corrugated iron structure marooned in the middle of a wide car park. A huge sign above a show-room said: ‘Magic Carpets’. Every window of the show-room was smashed and its interior was fire-gutted. The rest of the building looked in reasonable condition.
Davidson parked near a small wooden shed in a corner of the car park and climbed into the back of the truck, where Helen and Ted guarded the two men chained to benches.
He shoved the handcuffed Hamelin out of the truck and climbed out after him. His three companions joined them. They left Albert Malloy behind.
As Hamelin looked around, his eyes lingered on the nearby wooden shed.
Davidson looked at him. “How do you usually get into the underground storage area?”
“I go into the warehouse and speak to Kevin on an intercom; he lets me in.” 
“Can he see who's waiting to enter?”
“Of course. There’s a CCTV camera.” 
“OK, take me to the intercom.” 
“Take off my handcuffs.”
“Don't be stupid.” Davidson looked at the others. “Stay alert and keep an eye on Albert. If I don't survive, he shouldn’t either.”
They all nodded.
Davidson retrieved his AK-47 from the truck cabin and shoved Hamelin towards the warehouse. “Get moving.”
Hamelin led Davidson across the car park and through the burnt-out show-room into a huge open area with carpet rolls stacked high. They weaved between the stacks until they reached a door on the far side marked “Toilet” with an intercom beside it. A CCTV camera peered down at them.
Hamelin pushed the intercom button.
Kevin Malloy responded angrily. “Hello, Frank. I see Carl Davidson is with you. What’s he doing here?”
Davidson leaned close to the intercom. “Kevin, I need an antibiotic called Azopart. Do you have it?”
“Why do you want it?”
“A friend has tuberculosis.”
“Why would I have it?”
“Antibiotics are extremely valuable. I bet you deal in them.”
A long pause. “If I have some Azopart - I'm not saying I do - why would I give it to you?”
Malloy obviously had the Azopart and was now in bargaining mode. Davidson felt giddy with excitement. “Our long friendship.”
A barking laugh. “Don't be stupid.”
“OK. If you don't give it to me, I’ll shoot Frank.”
Another laugh. “Shoot away. Sorry, Frank, I love you like a brother, but nobody pushes me around.”
Hamelin looked annoyed. “I've always been loyal, Boss.”
“I know. This is not easy for me.”
Hamelin's expression said it was a lot harder for him.
Davidson said: “I thought you’d say that, so I've got another hostage to shoot.”
A pause. “Who?”
“Albert.”
“You're kidding?”
“No. I grabbed him at the Golden Palace this morning. He’s sitting in a truck outside. If you don't provide me with a nine-month supply of Azopart, very soon, he dies.”
Malloy's voice quivered. “Is that true, Frank?”
“Yes, Boss. He’s outside.”
“Shit, Carl, he's my son; leave him out of this.”
“No chance. I'm going to leave Frank here. Give him a nine-month supply of Azopart and send him outside or I shoot Albert. Remember: Azopart. You have 20 minutes.”
“OK, OK. I'll give Frank the drug, I promise.”
Malloy could be bluffing that he had Azopart to buy time. But Davidson sensed he was telling the truth. “You have 20 minutes. After that, you won’t be a parent.”
“You'll get what you want.”
Davidson stepped back from the intercom and looked at Hamelin. “Turn around, Frank.”
“Why?”
“Just do it.”
Hamelin nervously exposed his back.
Davidson stuck the barrel of the AK-47 between his shoulder blades, removed the handcuffs and stepping back. “I'm going to leave you here. When you bring out the antibiotics, don't be a hero. That would be a tragic mistake.”
Davidson backed away from Hamelin until he was behind a big pile of carpet rolls. Then, he strode across the warehouse, through the shattered show-room and out to the truck.
His three companions stood beside it. Philip said: “What happened?”
Davidson explained what occurred.
Ted said: “You mean, Malloy does have the antibiotic?”
“Sounds like it.”
Helen said: “That's great news.”
“It is. Unfortunately, Malloy won’t just hand it over. He’ll try to kill us.”
Philip said: “Why?”
“We know where he’s hiding a huge stockpile of supplies. If that information gets around, this will become the most popular place in Webster City.”
Philip put his thumbs in his gun belt. “How's he gonna kill us?”
Davidson glanced around the car park and back at Philip. “Tell me this: if you built an underground hideaway, how many exits would you build?”
“Umm, one?”
“No, you wouldn't. If you did, the place would be a death trap. You’d want to have at least another exit to use as an escape route and sally port.”
“What's a sally port?”
“Sally ports were small doors in castle walls; defenders snuck out of them to surprise attackers.”
A crinkly smile. “You think Malloy built a sally port?”
“Must have.”
“And they’re gonna do some sallying?”
“Definitely.”
Philip looked around. “Where's this sally port?”
Davidson nodded towards the wooden shed in the corner of the car park. “That’s a strange place to put a shed, isn’t it? But Frank Hamelin stared at it when he got out of the truck. Why do you think he did that?”
A laugh. “'Cos it's a sally port?”
“Correct.”
Philip smiled. “You think we should wait and see who comes out?”
A nod. “That's my plan.”
Ted said: “What will we do with the truck and Albert Malloy?”
“Leave them where they are. The truck will give Malloy and Hamelin something to focus on when they come out of the shed.”
Davidson led his small party over to the shed and found a deadbolt lock on the door. No surprise. Malloy did not want intruders to use his escape route to break into his underground hideaway.
Several thick pine trees stood about 15 yards from the shed. Davidson positioned everyone behind them and told them to wait. He reckoned it would take Malloy and Hamelin about 20 minutes to cook up a plan and sally forth.
As it turned out, nothing happened for 25 minutes. Davidson started to worry that he had miscalculated when the shed door swung open and Frank Hamelin edged out holding a pump-action shotgun. He looked around carefully and scurried towards the truck. Kevin Malloy followed him.
Davidson had told the others to let him do the shooting. Hamelin and Malloy were half-way to the truck when he stepped from behind a tree. He considered telling Hamelin to stop. But this was no time for niceties. He lifted his rifle and fired three shots at Hamelin, intending to kill. Hamelin tumbled over and his shot-gun skittered across the bitumen. Malloy spun around, terrified, looking for the shooter.
Davidson was about to shoot him when he dropped his rifle and threw up his hands. “Don't shoot, don't shoot.”
Davidson yelled, “Don't move”, and looked at Ted and Philip. “Make sure nobody's lurking in the shed.”
While they rushed towards the shed, Davidson and Helen headed towards Malloy and Hamelin.
Malloy stood stock still with his hands aloft, breathing hard. “Don't shoot; don't shoot.” Hamelin, though, was obviously dead. The big bullet hole in his bald head silenced any debate about that. 
Davidson yelled again. “Don't move.”
“I won't. I won't.”
“You know I want Azopart. Where is it?”
Malloy looked at the muzzle of the rifle and knew the time for games was over. “It's in a big white cabinet in the bedroom. I was going to give it to you, anyway.”
“Bullshit. Now, don't even twitch. If you do, Helen will blow you away.”
Davidson entered the wooden shed and found Ted and Philip standing over a manhole with a heavy steel cover beside it. A metal ladder went straight down.
Davidson looked at Philip. “OK, follow me.”
They climbed down a 20-foot ladder. At the bottom, a long dank tunnel ran in the direction of the carpet warehouse. Davidson turned on his flashlight and led Philip along it. After about one hundred yards, they reached a solid wooden door, slightly ajar, with light leaking from the edges. Davidson readied his rifle and kicked it open.
Beyond the door was a huge well-lit room. Heavy metal shelves, which climbed every wall, were laden with canned food, booze, fuel, rifles, ammunition and clothes. Spread around the room were half-a-dozen open doorways.  Davidson cautiously glanced through each one and saw more rooms bulging with stores. The only exception was the last one, which had a bed, en-suite bathroom and huge white cabinet. 
Davidson used the butt of his rifle to smash the lock of the cabinet. The doors swung open. The cabinet was crowded with bandages, medical equipment and prescription drug packets. He flipped through the packets and found one labeled Azopart. Thank God. He kept rummaging and found another 20 packets of the same drug. More than enough for nine months of treatment. The expiry date printed on the packets was in six months’ time. Surely, though, that was just precautionary and the pills would be potent after that.
Davidson stuffed the Azopart packets into an empty rucksack he found on the floor and turned to Philip. “I've got the antibiotic. We should also grab some food, gas and ammo.”
Davidson put the rucksack on his back, grabbed a couple of cans of gas and headed back up the tunnel. Philip filled another rucksack with cans of food and followed him.
Davidson left the cans of fuel at the bottom of the ladder and climbed up through the manhole. Ted was peering out of the shed door at the car park.
Davidson smiled and tossed the rucksack at his feet. “Lots of Azopart in there. The expiry date is six months from now. That shouldn’t matter.” 
Ted shook his fists and laughed. “Thank you, thank you. You’re a great brother.”
A shrug. “I’m trying to improve.”
Davidson and Philip each carried ten loads of supplies along the tunnel and up to the truck. Each time, they passed Kevin Malloy, sitting cross-legged in the car park, with Helen guarding him. When they loaded the supplies into the back of the truck, Albert Malloy demanded to know what was happening outside. Davidson got tired of telling him to shut up.
When they had finished loading the truck, Davidson joined Helen and the seated Kevin Malloy. He glared at Malloy. “I should shoot you now.”
A pleading look. “I wasn't going to hurt you, I promise. I just wanted to rescue Albert.”
“Bullshit.”
“You won't shoot me, will you?”
Davidson's anger had abated and he did not want to shoot Malloy in cold blood, particularly with Helen present. “No, I'm not going to shoot you.”
A deep sigh. “Thanks. And, umm, you won't tell anyone about my stockpile, will you?”
Davidson smiled. “Why should I keep that quiet? This city is starving and you're sitting on a huge pile of food.”
“But it's mine - all mine.”
“That’s a nasty attitude.”
Malloy looked desperate. “Look, if you keep quiet, I'll give you extra life - a lot of extra life.”
Davidson felt a jolt. “What are you talking about?”
“About a week ago, a Palace Guardsman contacted me. He said that Isaiah Webster is alive and on the run with some Palace Guardsmen, including him. Did you know Isaiah Webster is still alive?”
In fact, both Secretary Monroe and Commander Solon told Davidson that the heir apparent of the Webster Dynasty was still walking erect. “I heard a rumor to that effect.”
“Anyway, the Guardsman asked for some supplies, mostly food.”
“Did he say where Isaiah was hiding?” 
“No. But he mentioned something interesting.” 
“What?” 
“He said that Isaiah is carting around a prisoner.” 
“Who?”
“A guy called Professor Pettigrew who has invented a drug that makes people live longer.”
Davidson masked his shock. When he and Colonel Prentice burst into the office of the last Chancellor, Joshua Webster, two weeks ago, the Chancellor begged for mercy and said that, if he was spared, he would give the two intruders pills that added 100 years to their lives. He revealed that, just before the Great Plague, a group of researchers at the Mayo Clinic invented an anti-aging drug. Then, 30 years ago, a Professor of Biology at Webster University called Angus Pettigrew recovered their data and used it to replicate the drug. The Chancellor quickly ensured that only he and a few cronies had access to the Professor and his drug.
However, the Chancellor’s offer came too late. Colonel Prentice turned it down with a withering burst of gunfire. The Alliance captured Webster City a few hours later and Davidson heard nothing more about Pettigrew, though he sometimes wondered what happened to him. It now looked like Isaiah Webster made him a hostage.
Malloy's revelation solved at least one big mystery. Several days ago, Secretary Monroe asked Davidson to find Isaiah Webster and recover three canisters of Agent Pandora that Webster allegedly stole from the Center for Disease Control. However, Davidson recently discovered that Monroe, not Webster, stole the canisters.
That discovery left Davidson perplexed about why Monroe cooked up his story that Webster stole them. His motive was now obvious. Monroe somehow learned about Professor Pettigrew and his anti-aging drug, and that Webster held the Professor hostage. Monroe wanted Davidson - who knew the City better than anyone - to find Webster so Monroe could seize the Professor and his miraculous drug. However, Monroe did not want news about the Professor and his drug to get out. That would inspire others to join the hunt. So, he lied to Davidson that Webster stole the canisters of Agent Pandora and he wanted to recover them.
However, that revelation did not change Davidson’s priorities. He intended to destroy Monroe and recover the canisters of Agent Pandora, not search for Professor Pettigrew and his anti-aging drug. He would chase longer life another day.
He said: “How do you know Professor Pettigrew really can make people live longer?”
“The Guardsman sounded very sure.”
“Maybe. But he's a Guardsman stupid enough to follow Isaiah Webster around, not a scientist. Anyway, why are you telling me this?”
“If you let me live and keep quiet about my stockpile, I'll find Webster and Professor Pettigrew for you.”
Since Davidson did not intend to chase after Professor Pettigrew, he might as well delegate the task to Malloy. He had nothing to lose. “Alright, I'll keep quiet. But I’m coming back here in three days to find out if you have located Webster and Pettigrew. Don't disappoint me.”
Malloy cringed. “I won't.”
“Good. In fact, I think the task will be good for you.”
“Why?”
Davidson adopted a mocking tone. “You’re obviously spending too much time hiding underground. It's bad for your mind and body. You'll develop all sorts of stupid and creepy ideas. Embrace life. Feel the sun on your face.” 
A sycophantic smile. “You're right, you're right. That's what I'll do.”
“Good. You have three days.” Davidson turned and headed towards the truck. 
Helen caught up with him. “Wow, that was interesting.”
“Yes, though it doesn't change anything. We've got to bring down Secretary Monroe and recover the Agent Pandora. That’s the priority. Pettigrew is a side issue.”
“And, after that?”
A smile. “Anyone who's still alive can try to extend their life.”
Davidson climbed into the back of the truck and unchained and uncuffed Albert, who obviously expected to be shot. “What are you doing?”
“I'm letting you go.”
An uncertain smile. “You are?”
“Yes. You'll find your father outside. Get out of here.” 
“You won’t shoot me in the back?”
“Only if you hang around.”
Albert leaped from the truck and rushed over to his father.
Davidson circled around to the cabin and got behind the wheel. He yelled for everyone to climb aboard. When they did, Ted climbed into the cabin beside him, clutching the rucksack of Azopart.
Ted smiled. “I’ve already thanked Helen for her help. She’s a great woman, you know. You’re very lucky. Now, I want to thank you for what you’ve done. If this stuff doesn’t work, it won’t be your fault. You've done all you can do.”
“Think nothing of it. You're my brother and I’m making up for lost time. Just don't let those pills out of your sight.” 
“I'll even sleep with them.”
“Good.” Davidson slipped the truck into gear and drove off.
Ted said: “Where are we going now?”
“To find Commander Solon.”
“Why?”
“If we want to destroy Monroe and recover the Agent Pandora, we'll need his help. That OK?”
A laugh. “Fine. I’ve always wanted to save humanity - or what’s left of it. I guess this is my big chance.” After a minute of silence, Ted said: You're good at this stuff, aren't you?”
“What stuff?”
“Dealing with bad guys.”
“It helps to be one.”


CHAPTER FIFTEEN

After Commander Solon survived Secretary Monroe’s assassination attempt, he informed Davidson that he would seek refuge with the Muslim Brigade camped in the west of the City. That was the only unit of the Alliance army that he still trusted.
The 400-strong brigade came from Florida. The Muslim community there sprung up 50 years ago, when an itinerant Mormon preacher called Owen Kelly found an English translation of the Koran in the ruins of a public library. He claimed that the archangel Gabriel put it in his hands. After studying it in a local wilderness for six months, he abandoned Mormonism and proclaimed himself an Iman. He adopted the name Abu Bakir and proselytized the new-old religion of Islam.
There was always room for another religion in the Badlands. It was a post-apocalyptic world floating free of society and history. People hungered for meaning and purpose. Prophets, mystics, saints and madmen wandered around feeding that hunger. The ministry of Abu Bakir lasted for 20 years. When he died, he left behind 10 wives, 20 children and a fast-growing religion. New leaders appeared and the Muslim community in Florida now numbered 50,000.
Davidson sometimes wondered why the community sent troops to fight Webster City, over a thousand miles away. He guessed it wanted to demonstrate its growing power and blood young fighters.
After the fall of the City, many brigades of the Alliance army turned into a rabble. However, several maintained their discipline and honor. They had all gone home, except for the Muslim Brigade, which was now the most cohesive and potent military force in the City. Even Secretary Monroe tried not to antagonize it.
The brigade liked to stay detached from the rest of the army. It had established a camp in a large parkland in the west of the City and kept a wary eye on its allies. After leaving the carpet factory, Davidson headed in that direction.
The further west Davidson drove, the grimmer the City became. The apartment blocks grew more decrepit and scattered, the sidewalks more battered, the air hotter and dustier. Redundant graffiti attacking the Webster Dynasty was common. 
The scant traffic on the roads was all heading out of the City. Pedestrians often limped and numerous bloated corpses lay on the sidewalks. During the reign of the Webster Dynasty, most men wore the Webster Suit in public. It was an attire that Alexander Webster made popular and comprised a cape, collarless tunic and stove-pipe pants. Most women wore the Pamela Suit, a bulky pant-suit that his principal wife often wore. Nobody dared wear those clothes now.
The large parkland where the Muslim Brigade was camped was one of the few verdant places in the western part of the City. Citizens once flocked there on weekends to picnic and play games.
Davidson drove under a flag-stone entrance arch and across a small bridge over a creek. The camp sat on an expanse of grass. Barbed-wire fences and trenches lined the perimeter; sandbag sentry posts appeared every 150 yards. 
Half the interior was filled with tents arranged in a grid pattern. The other half had a parade area and a motor park filled with trucks, jeeps and armored personnel carriers.
Crouched on each side of the main gate were bunkers lined with tree trunks. A crescent flag fluttering over it. No sign of human activity. The guards were obviously tucked away in the bunkers. If they were competent - which was highly likely - they would not let an unknown truck approach the gate with impunity. Davidson parked about 100 yards away and climbed out, unarmed.
He approached the main gate wearing only a t-shirt and pants, and holding a white towel to signal his peaceful intent. Despite that, if Commander Solon was out of favor with the Muslim Brigade, he would soon be dead. That thought dominated all others.
Several rifles pointed at him through the slits in the bunkers. A hatchet-faced man, wearing an Alliance uniform with a Muslim Brigade patch, stepped from behind a bunker and pointed his rifle at Davidson. “Stop right there.” 
Davidson stopped and squeezed saliva onto his tongue. “Good morning.” 
“What do ya want?” 
“To talk to your commander, Colonel Qadir.”
“Who’re ya?” 
“My name is Carl Davidson. I’m a friend of Commander Solon. I understand he is here.”
A long hesitation. “Lie on your belly, put ya hands behind ya head and stay very, very still.” 
At least Davidson was not shot out of hand. His hopes of survival rose as he lay down and obeyed the instructions.
Heavy footsteps approached and a hand patted him down for a weapon. Two steps back. “Alright, git up and follow me.”
Davidson rose and looked at hatchet-face. “Where are we going?”
“To see Colonel Qadir, of course. You'd better not be playing a game. We'll skin ya alive if ya are.”
“I've got friends in the truck.”
 “They stay where they is until the Colonel says they kin enter.” A chuckle. “If he don't, we’ll drop a mortar on them.” 
Several other guards emerged from the bunkers and pointed their rifles at Davidson. Hatchet-face led Davidson, with two other guards trailing behind, through the main gate and along a rising dirt avenue that bisected the tents. Davidson admired the neatness and good order of the camp. 
At the end of the avenue was a large tent with another crescent flag dancing above it. A couple of fighters stood guard. One stepped forward and confronted hatchet-face, who pointed over his shoulder. “This guy turned up at the front gate and wants ta see the Colonel. Claims he’s a friend of Commander Solon.”
“What’s his name?”
“Carl Davidson.”
The fighter nodded and slipped inside the tent.
A minute later, a thickset man with coppery hair stepped from the tent. He wore an Alliance uniform and the flashings of a colonel. An open smile. “Hello, I’m Colonel Abdul Qadir. You're Carl Davidson?”
“Yes.”
 “You were in the ISB, weren’t you? The Central Committee has sent out lots of bulletins about you. Before we attacked the City, it said we should kill you; then, it said we shouldn’t kill you; now, it says we should kill you, again.”
“You should ignore the last bulletin.”
A wry smile. “We shall see. I heard a rumor that you stopped the last Chancellor releasing a virus that would have wiped us all out, and that's why you got a reprieve.”
“What you heard is true.”
A nod of approval. “Then, I thank you. But you're back in the bad books, aren't you? Yesterday, a bulletin from the Central Committee accused you of 'subversive activities'. What did you do?” 
No point being shy about his transgressions. If this guy was going to kill him, that was already baked in. “Oh, I double-crossed Secretary Monroe; then, I helped Commander Solon escape when Monroe ambushed him.”
“I heard about the ambush.”
“Who from?”
A chuckle. “Commander Solon, of course.”
“He's here, right now?”
“Yes.”
“Can I see him?”
A pause. “Yes, follow me.”
The Colonel led Davidson into a canvas-walled room with a wooden floor and flimsy office furniture. A couple of fighters sat at desks, pecking away on typewriters. The colonel led Davidson through a small door into a larger office with mahogany furniture.
Commander Solon, sitting in a swivel chair, rose and shook Davidson's hand. “Hello, Carl. Good to see you again. Glad you're alive.” 
“I’m glad you are, too.” 
Colonel Qadir looked at Solon. “You vouch for this man?”
“Definitely. I’ve told you about Carl Davidson. I’ve been hoping he'd turn up.” 
The Colonel turned to Davidson. “Then, you are welcome.” 
“Thank you. I have some friends sitting in a truck outside the main gate. Will you let them into the camp?”
“Of course.” The Colonel turned to a fighter and conveyed that instruction. “After that, find them an empty tent where they can sleep.” 
The fighter disappeared and the Colonel looked at Davidson. “Take a seat.”
Davidson sat across from Solon and said: “You look healthy.”
“Colonel Qadir has been an excellent host.”
“Do Monroe and the Central Committee know you're staying here?”
“They must have a pretty good idea.”
“But they haven’t demanded you be handed over?” 
“Correct.”
Davidson turned to Colonel Qadir. “Why not?”
The Colonel said: “They know we would not comply with that demand and prefer not to press the issue.” 
“You mean, you have a poor relationship with Monroe and the Central Committee.”
“We don’t really have a relationship.” 
“Why not?”
“It took us a long time to realize that the Alliance is a Christian organization and we are outsiders. That became obvious when the City was defeated and we asked for a seat on the Central Committee; that was refused. We also asked for better supplies and that was also refused. The only person in the Alliance who has treated us with respect is Commander Solon here. But we won’t have to deal with them much longer. We are going home.” 
“When?”
“In a few days. It will be winter soon. My men do not like the cold.” 
Davidson looked at Solon. “Are you going with them?”
“No.” 
“Why not?”
“I have unfinished business here.”
“Monroe?”
“Yes. So, tell me, what happened to you after we parted?”
Davidson described how he rescued Helen from the Maximum Security Unit, with the assistance of crime boss Kevin Malloy and his men, but left out his visit to Malloy’s underground base to obtain antibiotics for his brother. 
Solon said: “Have you found out who stole the Agent Pandora and the vaccine against it from the Center for Disease Control?”
Davidson nodded towards Colonel Qadir. “Does the Colonel understand what is going on?”
Solon said: “Yes, I’ve explained how you and Colonel Prentice stopped the last Chancellor releasing a super-virus that would have wiped out the Alliance and almost everyone else left on the planet; I’ve also explained how that super-virus and its vaccine were stolen from the Center for Disease Control several days ago.” 
“Good. Well, I’m now sure that Monroe stole them.”
Solon looked stunned. “How do you know that?”
“I have a sick brother. I took him to Webster General a few days ago. While we were there, a doctor mentioned that Secretary Monroe sent a lot of ‘flu’ shots over to the hospital and Alliance high-ups were turning up to be vaccinated. The poor doctor couldn't understand why they wanted flu shots when the world was falling down around their ears.”
Solon frowned. “The vaccine against Agent Pandora is disguised as a flu shot, isn’t it?”
“Correct.”
A long sigh. “My goodness.”
The Colonel gave Davidson a suspicious look. “Only Alliance fighters are treated at Webster General.”
“I know. We sneaked in and found a doctor who honored his oath.”
The Colonel looked at Solon. “What does this all mean?”
“It looks like Monroe has the super-virus and is inoculating his supporters. That means he now has a devastating weapon to use against his enemies.”
“Will he use it?”
“I’m not sure. He might just want to intimidate and bully them. But, if he feels threatened, he’ll release it anyway. He’d rather rule something rather than nothing. Then, the only people on this planet will be him and his ten thousand closest friends.”
“My God, would he do that?”
“Yes, I think he would. I think he’s quite mad. That’s why we have to stop him.” 
The Colonel said: “How the hell can we do that? He never leaves the Palace and has about 150 fighters protecting him. The place is impregnable.”
Davidson interrupted. “True. So, we’ve got to lure him out of the Palace and ambush him.” 
“How? He won't leave the place.”
“He will if we offer him the right bait.”
“What bait?”
“The biggest prize of all - extended life.”
A frown. “What are you talking about?”
Davidson was enjoying himself. “Secretary Monroe asked me to find Isaiah Webster because, he claimed, Webster stole the Agent Pandora super-virus and the vaccine against it. We now know that was a complete lie. Monroe stole them. But that raises a big question: why did he ask me to locate Isaiah Webster?”
Solon smiled. “You’re going to tell us?”
“You bet. He discovered that Isaiah Webster had a hostage Monroe was desperate to obtain.”
“Who?”
 “Professor Angus Pettigrew.”
“Who's he?”
Davidson realized that he had not mentioned Pettigrew to Solon. He explained that Pettigrew was a Professor of Biology at Webster University who used research data, created before the Great Plague, to a manufacture an anti-aging drug which extended life by up to 100 years. Solon and the Colonel looked amazed. 
Solon said: “That's incredible.”
“Yes and no. Mankind made huge scientific advances before the Great Plague. We lost most of them. This one, by chance, survived.”
“Are you saying the drug actually works?”
“Yes. Pettigrew supplied it to the last Chancellor and a few of his pals. The Chancellor looked 30 years younger than his true age.”
The Colonel said: “Merciful Allah. So, Monroe is desperate to get his hands on Pettigrew and his drug?”
“Of course. The thought of extra life drives even sane men crazy, and Monroe ain't sane. He's a megalomaniac who wants to rule this City and the Badlands for as long as possible. If we fool him into thinking that a detachment of your brigade has located Isaiah Webster, he’ll rush out of the Palace to grab Webster and Pettigrew. He'll take most of his personal detail with him.”
“Are you sure he’ll take most of them?”
“Yes. Webster and his gang have plenty of firepower. Monroe will want to overwhelm them and capture Pettigrew. However, your brigade will be waiting in ambush. That tactic is, of course, your specialty. You’ll mash them up.”
The Colonel frowned. “I’d love to help you kill Monroe. But I won’t risk the lives of my men to do that.”
“If you go home, without securing the Agent Pandora, you’ll put your brigade and your whole community in terrible danger. The Agent Pandora super-virus caused the Great Plague. It is a triumph of bio-weapons research: after a long and highly contagious incubation period, it causes massive organ failure and kills almost without exception. I know the Badlands are sparsely populated. But, if Monroe releases the virus, it will reach Florida, I promise you.”
The Colonel looked worried. “I find that frightening.”
“You should.”
A long pause and a wry grin. “I suppose it would be nice to deal with Monroe before we go home.” A nod. “Alright, we’ll help you with your plan. But how do we secure the Agent Pandora? How do we stop Monroe releasing it?”
“I suspect that, when he rushes out of the Palace, he’ll leave the canisters where they’re hidden and get someone he trusts to keep an eye on them.”
“Where are they hidden?”
 “He must keep them physically close. That means they’re in either the Chancellor's Office where he works or in his living quarters. After he leaves the Palace with his fighters, a small unit should enter the Palace and grab them. It can split up and head for both locations.”
“How many in the unit?”
“Twenty men, at most. If everything goes according to plan, the Palace will be lightly defended. The unit has to get in quick and move fast.” 
Solon said: “Fifteen fighters from my personal bodyguard are with me in this camp. If you join us, we should have enough men.”
“I agree.”
The Colonel looked at Davidson. “What if you’re wrong? What if he takes the canisters with him when he leaves the Palace?” 
“If he does, you’ll have to secure them during the ambush. Hopefully, you’ll hit him so hard he won’t have time to release the super-virus. But, like I said, I’m confident he’ll leave them behind.”
The Colonel said: “OK, I get all of that. But how do we fool Monroe into thinking that Isaiah Webster is somewhere without him realizing we’ve fed him disinformation?” 
Davidson said: “I’ve been thinking about that, too.”
The Colonel laughed. “I’m sure you have.” 
“There are two options. The first is to use someone in your camp you know is a traitor. You slip him the information and he slips it to Monroe. Does anyone fit that description?”
The Colonel looked offended. “No, I trust my men.” 
A shrug. “Too bad. It’s always nice to have a pet traitor available for moments like this.” 
Another frown. “Well, I don’t. What’s the other option?”
“I assume Monroe’s people monitor your radio traffic?”
“Of course they do. I tell my units to be very careful about what they say.”
“Maybe it’s time a unit got careless.”
“What do you mean?” 
“A unit could report, using your standard frequency, that it’s located Isaiah Webster and his gang at a particular place. The moment Monroe hears where Webster is located, he’ll rush there with most of his fighters, looking for Pettigrew. However, your brigade will be waiting in ambush.” 
“That should work. Where should we ambush them?” 
“Your unit should say, on the radio, that it’s found Isaiah Webster hiding in the Amusement Park in Sector 3. The Park is about three miles from the Palace and there is only one road between them. The road passes through a botanical garden with lots of trees. It’s the perfect place for an ambush.”
“That will work. When do you want to do this?”
“Tonight at, say, nine o’clock. We’ll leave here at eight. The longer we wait, the greater the chance that Monroe will release the virus or someone will betray us.”
“Alright, let’s split up and start preparing. We’ll meet back here in two hours to report on our progress.” The Colonel looked at Davidson. “I’ll have one of my men take you to your friends.” 
“Thank you.”
As Davidson turned to leave, the Colonel raised a hand. “Just out of curiosity: where are Isaiah Webster and Pettigrew?”
“I don’t know. But, when this is all over, a lot of people will want to find out.”


CHAPTER SIXTEEN

A Muslim fighter escorted Davidson through the grid of tents towards the tent where Davidson’s companions were waiting. Half-way there, a wailing voice leaped from loudspeakers.
Davidson said: “What’s that?” 
The fighter said: “The call to prayer. We pray five times a day.”
Fighters rushed out of tents and dropped prayer mats on the ground. They stood and chanted “Allah Akbar”, before prostrating themselves and prayed in what must be Arabic.
Davidson looked at the fighter. “You don’t have to pray?”
“I have an excuse.”
They reached a small tent on the outskirts of the tent village and the fighter stopped. “They’re inside. I’ll leave you here.”  He turned and wandered off.
Davidson pushed aside a flap and found Helen, Ted and Philip sitting on camp beds, chatting. 
Helen said: “Carl, where have you been?”
“Talking to Colonel Qadir and Commander Solon.” 
“What about?”
“How to deal with Monroe and recover the Agent Pandora.”
“They’re going to help us?”
“Yes.”
“How?”
Davidson sat on a folding chair and described the meeting in the Colonel’s tent.
Helen said: “So, we’re rolling out of here at about 8 p.m.?”
“Yes.” 
Ted coughed. “I’m going with you.”
“No, you’re not.”
“Yes, I am. It won’t matter if I get shot. I’m a lot closer to death than the rest of you.” 
“Your health is the problem. When we break into the Palace, we’ll have to move very fast. We have to grab the canisters of Agent Pandora within minutes, before anyone uses them. You don’t have the energy for that, I’m afraid. You’ll just slow us down.” 
Ted frowned and sighed. “I see your point.” 
Philip said: “I’m going.”
Philip had already killed a man and was brilliant with a gun. There was no good reason to refuse him. Davidson said: “OK. As long as you do what you’re told and don’t try to be a hero. I don't want to tell Ted you got killed, understand?”
“I won’t cause any trouble, I promise.”
Davidson looked at Ted, who nodded reluctantly. “Then you can come along.” 
Helen said: “I’m going too.”
Davidson had feared she would demand that. “I don’t want you to.”
“Why not?”
“If you go, I’ll worry about you the whole time.”
“So what?”
“That’s a distraction I don’t need. I’ll be safer if I just worry about myself.” 
“But I'll be there to protect you.”
“It won’t work out like that. Sorry, this time I don’t think you should go.”
“But …” 
“Please.”
A frown. “OK. I’ll stay here and, maybe, darn your socks.”
“Thanks.”
“Don’t do anything stupid or brave.”
“I won’t.”
She did not look convinced.


CHAPTER SEVENTEEN

Davidson, Commander Solon and Colonel Qadir met several times during the afternoon and early evening to fine-tune the plan of attack. Then, just before 8 p.m., Davidson and Philip said goodbye to Ted and Helen and strode towards the motor park. Davidson wore an Alliance camouflage smock and carried a rifle; Philip defiantly wore his cowboy outfit and a holstered revolver. The whole camp was in black-out mode. A half-moon provided tepid illumination. The air was chilly. 
A line of twenty olive-green troop trucks, engines running and headlights off, were parked in a line. Colonel Qadir and his officers were scurrying about to ensure that 300 fighters were climbing aboard the right trucks.
Davidson and Philip headed for the last truck where Solon and the surviving 15 members of his personal bodyguard stood in small groups, clearly very comfortable with each other. All wore Alliance uniforms and distinctive blue caps, and were heavily armed.
Solon stood with Captain Larkin, slightly apart.
Davidson smiled at Solon. “Hello, Commander, good weather for a fight.”
“Yes, I’ve always preferred fighting in the cold.”
“This is Philip, my, umm, nephew. He’s very handy with his revolver and won't let us down.”
Solon and Larkin glanced at the cowboy outfit and did not comment.
Solon said: “Fine, but he'll have to travel in the back of the truck with the rest of the boys.” 
Davidson said: “Sure.” He nodded towards the others. “They’re the last of your bodyguard?”
“Yes, some went home, some are dead and some just disappeared. These guys were the core of it, anyway - the best of the lot. I don't deserve to lead them.”
“They’ve got their instructions?”
“Yes.”
“And you’ve split them up into two teams?”
“Yes. When we get inside the Palace, I’ll command Team A, which will head for Monroe’s private quarters. You and Philip will join my team. Captain Larkin will command Team B and head for the Chancellor’s Office. Is that understood?”
Davidson nodded. “Got it”.
Solon stepped into the midst of his men and said loudly. “Alright, everyone, listen up. You know the plan and you know what’s at stake. When we enter the Palace, take no prisoners and leave the wounded for later. Focus on recovering the canisters. That is the top priority. I’ll give all my remaining cigars to whoever grabs them.”
A voice said: “How many have you got left?”
“Two and a half.”
That provoked laughter.
“Now, climb aboard.”
A fighter sat behind the steering wheel of the truck, and Solon and Davidson sat beside him. The rest of the fighters and Philip climbed into the back and sat inside the canvas shell.
Five minutes later, the convoy snaked out of the camp.
As their truck passed through the main gate, Davidson said to Solon: “You get on well with Colonel Qadir, don’t you?”
 “Yes, though, at the start, I had no choice. If I gave him an order he didn’t like, he would not obey it. Lots of my subordinates were like that. It’s a miracle we achieved anything. But Abdul and I also understand each other because we’re both outsiders: I’m black and he’s Muslim. That creates a natural bond.”
“Are you saying you never really belonged in the Alliance army?”
“In a way, I didn’t. My bodyguard and most of the army didn’t care about my color. But some did. They only tolerated me because I knew my job.”
The half-moon let the trucks cross the darkened city with their headlights off. About three miles from the Palace, the lead truck turned right onto Pauling Boulevard and headed towards the botanical garden. The rest of the convoy followed it. Only Solon’s truck went straight ahead.
The driver followed Davidson’s instructions and drove down back streets until he reached the central plaza and parked in the narrow gap between the Webster Mausoleum and the Hall of Guardians. The monuments facing the plaza were dark, except for the Palace lit like a birthday cake.
Solon glanced at his watch. “20.30 hours. Not long to wait.” He turned to Davidson. “Our attack could get very ugly very fast. The entrance hall is easy to defend. If Monroe’s men get a chance to consolidate, it’ll be a death trap.”
The chilly air did not explain the shiver than ran through Davidson. “I know. I prefer to win a battle before it starts. Not this time. It's a roll of the dice.” 
A deep sigh. “You were right, you know, about Monroe.”
“In what way?”
“I should have dealt with him a lot earlier. If I had, we wouldn’t be in this situation. I misjudged him. He was always biding his time, waiting to seize power.” 
“At least you woke up.” Davidson realized he knew very little about a man with whom he would soon risk his life. “So, tell me, why’d you join the Alliance army?”
A grin. “I wish I could say I had a deep and burning hatred of Webster City. I didn’t. My family farmed the same plot in Maine for two centuries. Webster City didn't affect us much. But I read a lot of adventure books when I was a kid and didn't want to become a farmer. Have you ever read a book - well, a play - called Cyrano de Bergerac?”
 “No.”
“Someone gave it to me when I was twelve. It’s about a swordsman with a big nose who wants to live with courage and style - what he called panache. I read that book a dozen times and wanted to do brave things, like him, and see the world. So, I ran away from the farm when I was 17 and joined the Alliance. Best decision I ever made. I loved being a soldier; I loved the excitement and danger. It was heaven.” A chuckle. “After a while, I even started believing in the cause. That was a bonus.”
“‘Solon’ is an alias, I take it?”
“Of course. I joined the Alliance to start a new life, so I chose a new name.”
“You chose well. What’s your real name?”
A grin. “You don’t need to know. I’ve almost forgotten it myself.” 
“Then what’s your first name?” 
A wider grin. “I’ll tell you that. It’s ‘Commander’.”
“Hah. I won’t get far, will I?”
“No.”
“What will you do after we’ve dealt with Monroe and recovered the super-virus?” 
A sigh. “I don’t know. I fought the City for 20 years. That consumed every moment of every day. I now feel as if I’ve survived too long: I’ve outlived my army, good friends and even the cause I fought for. Two weeks ago, I could order men to their deaths. Tomorrow, I’ll become a soldier with no more wars to fight - a nobody. My big adventure will be over. I don’t know what I’ll do.”
“You could help rebuild this city?”
“It’s too late for that - this city is doomed - and I’m a soldier, not a politician.”
Davidson had felt similar despair about his future. At least, though, he had Helen to give his life meaning. Solon was obviously alone.
Davidson did not think Solon had a death wish, but worried that survivor’s guilt and anguish about the future would make him careless about his safety. 
He said: “It would be very silly to get killed now, after surviving so much.”
Solon snapped out of his revered and smiled. “That’s very true. Don’t worry, I intend to put a bullet between Monroe’s eyes and watch him being buried. I guarantee that. Then, we’ll have a glass of wine together.”
The back-pack radio on the floor crackled and they heard “Sergeant Aziz” from the “Fifth Platoon” make contact with Muslim Brigade headquarters. He excitedly explained that his platoon had located Isaiah Webster at the Amusement Park.
The headquarters operator said: “Are you sure it is Isaiah Webster?”
“Yes, I’m looking at him through my binoculars right now.”
“Is he alone?”
“No, about 20 Palace Guardsmen are with him.”
“You say you’re at the Amusement Park?”
“Yes.”
“Has he spotted you?”
“No. But they’re loading some trucks. They may be about to leave. What does Colonel Qadir want us to do?”
“The Colonel has gone to bed. I’ll wake him and get some orders.”
“Good. Please hurry.”
“Will do. Over and out.”
Solon glanced at Davidson. “That sounded convincing.”
“I almost believed it.”
Davidson rested his elbows on the dashboard and studied the Palace intently. New lights sprouted in its windows and trucks revved inside the main gates.
Solon raised a pair of binoculars and trained them on the main portico. He chuckled. “Lots of fighters leaving the building and climbing into trucks. Looks good, so far.”
“Can you see Monroe or Maxwell?”
“No, we’re too far away.” 
A few minutes later, the main gates swung open and six trucks surged into the darkness, headlights blazing. They obviously contained well over 100 fighters. Monroe had stripped the Palace bare in an effort to snare Pettigrew.
Davidson and Solon had agreed their party would not attack the Palace until the Muslim Brigade launched its ambush. While waiting, a strong tide of fatalism swept over Davidson. The City was in hell and his brother on the brink of death. Even if he survived this raid, he would probably not live long. Nor would those close to him. However, he had promised Helen that he would return alive. That promise suddenly assumed huge importance. He would do his best to survive and see her again.
Davidson estimated that Monroe’s detachment would run into the Muslim Brigade ambush after about three minutes. Almost right on time, gunfire erupted in the east and quickly escalated. Dozens of automatic weapons joined the angry dialogue. The crump of explosions provided a bass line. Tracer bullets and flares licked the night sky. Everybody in the City must now be awake.
Solon took a deep breath and looked at the driver beside him. “Get going, Mike. Straight through the main gate and stop under the portico.”
Yes, sir.”
The driver put the truck into gear and surged across the central plaza. The vehicle weaved past the rubble of the Webster statue and arrowed between the open main gates of the Palace. A couple of open-mouthed guards watched it barrel past. Fighters in the back of the truck gunned them down.
Davidson’s biggest fear was that Monroe’s fighters would close the thick oak doors at the main entrance before they reached them. They had dynamite to blow them open, if necessary. But the delay could be deadly.
The truck screeched to a halt under the portico. The oak doors were still open. A couple of guards in the entrance hall moved towards them. Davidson stuck his rifle out of the passenger window and fired a long burst that knocked them over.
Solon’s fighters swarmed out of the truck and into the entrance hall. Heavy shooting broke out. Davidson jumped from the truck with Solon just behind him. Philip was just ahead. Davidson prayed he did nothing stupid.
Davidson entered the hall and saw that a couple of Solon’s bodyguards and most of Monroe’s fighters were already down. The four surviving fighters retreated up a curved marble staircase, firing as they went. They disappeared around a corner and a strange calm descended on the entrance hall. Davidson only heard gunfire echoing inside his head.
Captain Larkin stepped into the open and yelled: “Team B, follow me.” He raced across the hall and through a large marble arch towards the Chancellor’s Office with eight men behind him.
Solon also stepped forward. “Team A, after me.”
Solon had visited the Palace before and knew the route to the Chancellor’s private quarters. He headed across the entrance hall and started climbing the staircase up which the fighters had retreated. Davidson, Philip and four others followed him. Team A was already below strength.
They soon discovered that one of Monroe’s fighters had only faked his retreat. He appeared at the top of the stairs and sprayed bullets down them. Two more of Solon’s bodyguards went down. The remainder returned fire. Solon bravely crossed the stairs, for a better angle, and unloaded half a magazine. The fighter disappeared.
Solon leaped up the stairs with Davidson, Philip and the two remaining bodyguards behind him. He reached the landing and glanced down a long marble hallway. Pedestals with classical busts lined each side. At the end, another hallway created a “T” junction. 
Davidson turned to Solon. “They could be anywhere down there.”
“I know. But we've run out of time. We’ll go down both sides.”
“OK.”
Solon prowled along one side with two bodyguards behind him; Davidson did the same on the other side with Philip behind him. They were 20 yards from the end of the hallway when an arm swung around the corner on Davidson’s side. A grenade sailed through the air. It bounced in the middle of the marble floor and skidded past the advancing men. They all dropped to the ground. It exploded about ten yards behind them, causing no harm except ringing ears.  However, while they were distracted, a Monroe fighter stepped around the corner and sprayed the hallway with bullets. Solon and his two companions yelled and gasped as the bullets struck them. 
Davidson jumped into a statue niche, with Philip beside him, and returned fire. The fighter disappeared.  
Davidson was carrying a couple of grenades in his smock. He tossed both of them into the intersection at the top of the hallway. When they exploded, he rushed to the corner, with Philip at his shoulder, and glanced around it. Two Monroe fighters were running away, one limping. He fired a burst that knocked them both down.
He said to Philip. “Wait here”. 
He rushed back to Solon and his bodyguards. Both bodyguards were sprawled on the ground, obviously dead. Solon sat with his back against the wall, grimacing. 
“You alright?”  Davidson said.
A forced smile. “I’m fine. Got one in the leg. Just a flesh wound. I can’t get up, I’m afraid. Forget about me. I’ll be fine. Get the canisters - go, go.”
Davidson had to complete the mission. “OK, I’ll be back.” 
He returned to the junction and led Philip past the two corpses he had just created. Monroe’s living quarters were just ahead.
To his surprise, heavy gunfire caught his ear. A major gun-battle had broken out somewhere in the Palace. Maybe Larkin ran into big trouble when he reached the Chancellor’s Office. The longer he listened to the gunfire, the more confident he became that it emanated from the main entrance hall. Maybe some of Monroe’s team escaped the ambush and returned to the Palace. He desperately wanted to find out what was happening, but had to focus on recovering the canisters.
With Philip trailing behind him, he crossed a small vestibule, cautiously pushed open a sliding door and edged into a vast bedroom with fake Venetian furnishings. The room was big enough to trivialize the huge ornate bed. This must be where Monroe slept.
His eyes were drawn to a wall safe with the door open. He crept over and looked inside. Empty. Sitting directly underneath it was an ornate dining chair with wood shavings scattered around it. The looked oddly familiar. He remembered where he had seen them before. When he visited Monroe’s office, several days ago, an Alliance captain sat outside it, whittling a piece of wood, scattering shavings. 
Davidson realized that, before Monroe left the Palace, he put the canisters of Agent Pandora in the safe and told the Captain to guard them. When the Captain discovered that Solon and his men had attacked the Palace, he took the canisters from the safe and disappeared. Where to?
Beyond the wall safe was a half-opened door. Davidson gently pushed open the door and saw a long passage with windows on one side. The Captain must have escaped down the passage. 
Davidson was about to head down it when he noticed a small wood shaving in front of a walk-in wardrobe across the bedroom. His heart-rate surged. The half-open door was a ruse. The Captain and the canisters were in the wardrobe.
Davidson turned to Philip, put a finger to his lips and pointed meaningfully at the wardrobe. He spoke loudly. “Nobody in here, let’s go. Follow me.” 
Davidson slammed the door shut and crouched, waiting, his AK-47 ready. A few seconds later, the Captain appeared cautiously at the wardrobe entrance, a heavy pack on his back, holding a pistol.
He saw Davidson too late. Davidson wanted to avoid hitting the canisters and aimed at the head. His bullet took the Captain in the neck instead. Blood reached the high ceiling and the Captain collapsed to the ground.
Davidson and Philip rushed over to his body. The blood was just percolating out. His eyes went from beseeching to blank. Air stopped whistling from the hole in his neck.
Davidson rested his rifle against the bed, rolled the Captain onto his belly and pulled off the backpack. He stood and opened the top flap. Three canisters of Agent Pandora sat snugly inside, undamaged. “Thank God.” 
A loud voice behind. “Give me the canisters.”
Davidson and Philip spun around.
Secretary Monroe and a tall Alliance fighter stood just inside the door of the bedroom, pointing rifles at them. Davidson’s rifle rested against the bed and Philip had holstered his revolver. 
After glancing at Philip’s cowboy outfit, Monroe stared at Davidson, his big facial scar now cherry red. “I should have killed you when I had the chance. Big mistake. The moment we were ambushed, I knew you were trying to recover the Agent Pandora. Fortunately, I was at the back of the column and escaped with a couple of trucks. The Muslim Brigade chased us back here. But I’ll soon be long gone, with the canisters. Hand them over, carefully.” 
Davidson knew he was only still alive because he held the pack containing the canisters in front of him. When it was out of the line of fire, Monroe would cut him down.
“OK,” Davidson said and stepped towards Monroe with the pack before him.
A scowl. “No, no. Put it on the bed and step back.”
“OK.”
Philip once boasted to Davidson that he could draw against the drop and survive, and Davidson warned that nobody was that fast. When Davidson said that, he assumed Philip would try to draw against only one opponent. Now, there were two. Drawing against both would be total madness. However, it was their only chance of survival. Philip would be crazy to draw and crazy not to.
Davidson’s respect for Philip had grown. But even he was a little surprised when Philip opted to draw. Philip whipped out his revolver with blinding speed and fired several shots that blended into one. Bullets seemed to strike Monroe and his henchman simultaneously. Their legs buckled and they flopped to the floor, arms flapping and weapons spinning free.
Jesus, Philip really could draw against the drop. Davidson felt a surge of elation. He dumped the pack on the bed, scooped up his rifle and aimed at the two bodies on the floor, alert for any sign of life. None. The big bullet holes in their chests explained why.
He turned to congratulate Philip and saw the kid was sitting with his back against a wall, holding a bloody left shoulder. Monroe or his henchman must have got off a shot which blended with Philip's shots.
Fear shook Davidson. “My God, are you alright?”
A shocked expression. “Got hit, I'm afraid.”
Davidson scrambled over and studied the shoulder, now oozing blood. It looked like the bullet went through flesh, without hitting bone. However, there was a serious danger that Philip would bleed to death.
“How do you feel?”
“It hurts.”
“That's a good sign, believe me.” Davidson tore off a pillow cover, folded it over and pressed it against the wound. Philip winced.
Davidson said: “Hold that firmly against your shoulder.”
Philip held the fabric and winced again. A weak smile. “I thought I was faster than that.”
“Don't be stupid. They both had the drop and you still did the business. That was amazing.”
“Who were they?”
“One was Secretary Monroe. I don't know the other guy.”
A thin smile. “Secretary Monroe? Seriously? I killed Secretary Monroe?”
“Yep.” 
“He didn't look like much.”
“Hah, he's nothing now. I'll get some help.” Davidson slung the pack onto his back - he would not let the canisters out of his sight - and picked up his rifle. He slid over to the sliding door and realized that the shooting at the entrance hall had died away. Were Muslim Brigade or Monroe fighters coming this way? He would find out soon enough.
He peeked down the long hallway. A couple of Alliance fighters were scuttling towards him. He was about to spray them with bullets when he noticed their Muslim Brigade patches. 
He yelled. “Allah, Akbar.”
They ducked behind marble busts. One yelled. “Who’re you?”
“Carl Davidson. I’m part of Commander Solon's team. Where is Colonel Qadir?”
“Slide your rifle out into the hallway and step out with your hands high - touch the ceiling.”
Davidson had to get Philip urgent medical attention and could not afford to argue. “OK, I’m coming out.”
He slid his rifle out and stepped into the hallway, hands high.
A Sergeant stepped from behind a marble bust and nervously pointed his rifle at Davidson. “What's in the pack you’re wearing?”
“Three canisters of a super-virus.”
The rifle shook. “Take it off.”
“No. They’re the reason we’re fighting. Get Colonel Qadir. Tell him that Carl Davidson has recovered the Agent Pandora. He’ll understand that. I repeat: Carl Davidson has recovered the Agent Pandora.”
The Sergeant paused and looked at a companion. “Did you hear that? Go and tell Colonel Qadir what he said, then get back here.”
The other fighter raced back down the hallway and passed several Muslim Brigade fighters warily coming up it.
Davidson watched them arrive. “Any of you a medic?”
A short guy with a bushy-beard said. “I can do first aid. Who's wounded?”
“My friend, in the bedroom. He's part of Solon's team. Will you look at him?”
The fighter looked at the Sergeant, who nodded, and slipped into the bedroom.
A minute later, Colonel Qadir strode towards them with several fighters in tow, including the messenger the Sergeant sent. He stopped in front of Davidson, looking grim. “Carl, I'm glad you're alive. I hear you have the Agent Pandora.”
“Yes, it’s in the pack on my back.”
“Good, good. Keep it there.”
“Your ambush did not go smoothly?”
A frown. “They never do. Monroe's convoy was spread out. A couple of trucks didn't reach the kill zone and headed back towards the Palace. We chased them here. The fighters made their last stand in the entrance hall. We know Monroe was among them, but haven’t seen him yet.”
“Don't worry, he’s in the bedroom behind me.”
“Captured?”
“Dead.”
A relieved smile. “Good, good. Who killed him?” 
“My nephew.”
“The cowboy?”
“Gunfighter, actually. He’s wounded but should be alright. One of your men is treating him right now. Did you suffer many casualties?”
A sigh. “About a dozen dead. It could have been worse, I suppose. Solon’s bodyguard suffered more. There aren’t many left.”
“Solon is back up the hallway, with a leg wound. Did you see him?”
The Colonel looked gray. “Yes, but he’s dead, I'm afraid.”
Davidson was shocked. “Dead?”
“Yes, dead.”
“He said he just had a flesh wound - that he’d be fine.”
“He was lying. His condition was a lot worse than that. He had two in the spine. He was never going to survive long.”
Solon obviously pretended to be lightly wounded to make sure Davidson left him and chased after the canisters. Davidson wanted to cry. “Where's his body?”
“We took it down to the entrance hall. Where is Monroe's body?”
Davidson said: “Follow me.”
Davidson led Colonel Qadir into the bedroom, where two corpses lay on the floor and the bushy-bearded fighter was bandaging Philip's shoulder. 
Qadir kicked Monroe’s ribs. “Dead, alright.” He looked over at Philip. “You killed him?”
“Both of them.”
Davidson said: “He had to draw against the drop.”
Eyebrows raised. “Really? You must be very quick.”
An endearing blush. “I get it out pretty fast.”
“Well done. I wish I saw that.” Qadir looked at the fighter bandaging Philip. “He’ll be alright?”
“I think so, though the Doc should see him.”
Davidson said: “You have a doctor?”
“Not a real one. He didn’t finish the last year of his medical degree at Webster University; he got expelled for taking a cadaver to a party. But he’s quite good. I'll make sure that he looks at your nephew as soon as possible.”
“Thank you.”
“Meanwhile, hold onto that pack and don't give it to any strangers.”


CHAPTER EIGHTEEN

Davidson spent the next hour waiting with Philip for the almost-qualified doctor to arrive. They chatted a little, but Philip spent most of the time sleeping. Then, a fighter carrying a heavy medical pack rushed into the bedroom and identified himself as Lieutenant Omar, “the Brigade doctor”.
After giving Philip a quick examination, he hurriedly cleaned and re-bandaged his wound and injected a tetanus vaccine. “You should be alright if you rest up and take it easy. We’ll transport you back to the camp and look after you there.”
Davidson said: “Does he need a blood transfusion?”
“Probably. But blood supplies are short and other guys need them a hell of a lot more. Don’t worry, I’ll monitor his condition.” The Lieutenant picked up his pack. “A stretcher party will arrive soon and carry him down to the truck.” 
“Thanks.”
The Lieutenant steamed out of the bedroom and a stretcher party arrived ten minutes later. The two bearers gently lifted Philip onto a stretcher and headed towards the Palace’s front entrance. Davidson heaved the pack with the canisters of Agent Pandora onto his back and trailed after them.
They descended the long, curved marble staircase into the entrance hall, now splattered with bullet holes. The massive chandelier had crashed to the ground and ejected a spray of crystal shards. The bloodied corpses of twenty fighters, from both sides, lay side by side. Commander Solon was near the middle. A blanket over his torso hid his wounds. His face was unmarked and his expression strangely placid. Davidson emitted a long sigh. How strange that, after dodging death for so many years, Solon died during his last battle. Davidson consoled himself that maybe, deep down, Solon did not want to survive. He feared peace more than war.
Davidson was about to follow the stretcher party carrying Philip out through the portico when he noticed Colonel Qadir and two of his officers standing with a frightened Colonel Maxwell.
Davidson peeled off and approached them. “You caught Maxwell?”
Qadir turned. “Yes, and we’re deciding what to do with him. We're going to release the other fighters. Without Monroe, they’re not dangerous. But the Colonel is a special case. He’s still dangerous. I’m inclined to shoot him. What do you think?”
Davidson looked at Maxwell, nervously rocking on his feet. “What was Monroe going to do with the Agent Pandora?”
Maxwell shivered. “He, ahh, only took it to make sure it was safe.”
“Rubbish. He stole it in the middle of the night and organized for his supporters to be vaccinated. He planned to release it, didn’t he?”
“I don’t know what he planned. He didn’t tell me. I just followed orders.”
“What a sad defense.” Davidson felt an old mental itch he had to scratch. “You've got a personal grudge against me, haven't you?”
“What do you mean?”
“I annoyed you somehow, in the past?” 
A defiant expression. “Yes.”
“How?”
A long pause and a scowl. “You killed my wife.”
That news jolted Davidson. “I what?”
Pain and anger replaced fear on Maxwell's face. “My wife, Elaine, was part of the team that infiltrated the Center for Disease Control a month ago, to stop the super-virus being spread. You killed her.”
An attractive young woman was killed during the shoot-out. Davidson tried to remember if he shot her or a Center guard did. It was a guard. He knocked down other fighters. But that was a cheap excuse. “Why didn’t you go on that mission?” 
Maxwell frowned. “Secretary Monroe would not let me.” 
“And you just followed orders?” 
A scowl. “Yes.” 
Davidson was sure that, if his wife went on a mission like that, he would have joined her, whatever his orders. He respected her, not Maxwell. “I'm sorry she died, I truly am. She was a brave woman.”
Maxwell looked lost. “She was.”
Colonel Qadir looked at Davidson. “What should I do with Maxwell?”
Maxwell was a key supporter of Secretary Monroe who threatened to kill Helen and had a hand in the death of Commander Solon. However, Davidson was tired of killing and felt guilty about the way Maxwell’s wife died. “That’s up to you, of course, but I’d cut him loose. He's no threat and too many people have died already. I’m sure that Allah wants you to show mercy.”
Colonel Qadir slowly tapped his right foot before raising his eyebrows. “I’m sure He does. But I have lost men - good men - tonight. And, of course, Maxwell would show us no mercy.” 
Davidson shrugged. “I am just giving you my opinion. I am not begging for his life. I would not dare. It’s up to you.”
More foot tapping and a wan smile. “You’re right. Time for us to stop being beasts. We'll hold him at the camp until we leave for Florida, then release him.”
Davidson said: “Generous and wise.” 
A frown. “Mmm, maybe.”
Maxwell looked surprised and relieved, though not grateful.
Davidson saw his holster was empty. “Where’s my Glock?”
An officer reached behind his waistband and pulled out a pistol. “You talking about this Glock? I took it off him.”
It was Davidson’s pistol. “Yes, that’s it.”
“Do you want it back?”
Davidson used the Glock as a tool of the trade when a major in the Internal Security Bureau. That job was gone. Those days were over. Time to find another weapon. “No, you keep it.”
“You sure? It's an original.”
“I know, but you keep it.”
“Thanks.”
Davidson looked at Colonel Qadir. “I’d better catch up with Philip. I’ll see you back at the camp.”
“Fine.”
Without looking at Maxwell, Davidson headed towards the entrance, still wearing the pack. The stretcher-bearers had carried Philip outside and slid his stretcher into the back of a truck where several Muslim Brigade fighters already lay on stretchers. Davidson sat beside Philip, who had fallen asleep again.
Five minutes later, the truck headed towards the Muslim Brigade camp. On the way, Davidson felt depressed about the death of Commander Solon, and pleased they recovered the canisters of Agent Pandora and Philip had survived. Just before they reached the camp, Philip woke and groggily asked what was happening. Davidson explained. 
Philip smiled, weakly. “I bet you’re glad you don’t have to tell Ted that I’m dead.”
“I am. In fact, I’m also happy you’ve survived.”
A big smile. “You are?”
“Yes, though don’t spread that around.”
“OK.” Philip touched his wound and grimaced. “At least, I got shot in the left shoulder.”
“Why?”
“The wound won’t affect my draw.”
Davidson frowned. “We’ve still got to talk about that.”
“My draw?”
“Yes.”
“Why?”
“It’s not the answer to everything.”
A grin. “But it was tonight?”
Davidson had to smile. “Yes, it was.”


CHAPTER NINETEEN

After the death of Secretary Monroe and the destruction of his security detail, most members of the Central Committee and their supporters fled back into the Badlands. Colonel Qadir then discovered that Secretary Monroe had been sitting on a huge stockpile of food and fuel that the last Chancellor accumulated as a strategic reserve. Monroe intended to feed his supporters in the City and starve his opponents and anyone he deemed a burden on society.
Colonel Qadir told Davidson about the stockpile while they strolled around the camp of the Muslim Brigade. The population of the City was now half its previous level. The Colonel said his brigade would distribute the stockpile to everyone left. “That way, most should survive the winter. Then, they’ll be on their own.”
“How long will it take you to distribute the stockpile?”
“About a week. Then, we’re going home to Florida.”
“OK. But, before you do, we have to dispose of the Agent Pandora.”
“Of course. What do you suggest?”
Biochemists had previously told Davidson that the super-virus could remain toxic for several hundred years and the safest - though not foolproof - method of disposal was to cache the three canisters in a steel-reinforced concrete sarcophagus and dump it in Lake Michigan. Davidson explained that to Colonel Qadir, who said he would instruct his engineer platoon to build the sarcophagus.
When the device was finished, three days later, the leader of the platoon promised it would remain intact, at the bottom of the Lake, for at least 500 years. 
Davidson hoped the active ingredients in the super-virus expired within that period. “Are you sure about that?”
The platoon leader smiled. “Reasonably sure. I’ve never done this before.”
A shrug. “There is nothing else we can do.”
The canisters were secreted in the sarcophagus, which was trucked to a wharf on Lake Michigan. A crane lifted it onto a barge which voyaged to the middle of the Lake. While Colonel Qadir and Davidson watched, it was tipped over the side and plunged 900 feet to the bottom. As the canisters enrobed in concrete disappeared, Davidson wondered if they had finally slain the beast that stalked them or merely put it to sleep.
The news that Alexander Webster was a genocidal maniac and not the savior of mankind had only filtered out to a small number of people. Davidson knew that, even if it became widely known, many stupid people would not accept it. To ensure that future generations did not venerate Webster’s remains, he entered the Webster Mausoleum, cracked open his tomb and placed the remains in a body-bag. He took the body-bag with him on the barge and, after packing it with rocks, dropped it over the side.
When they were back on dry land, Davidson asked the Colonel if any of his men were stonemasons. 
“There are two, actually. Why?” 
“I want two headstones carved.” 
“One is for Commander Solon?”
“Yes, and the other for Colonel Prentice. I buried him in an unmarked grave. He should have something more fitting.” 
A smile. “OK, I'll put my men to work.”

Two days later, Commander Solon was buried in the Cathedral cemetery. Nobody knew what religious beliefs he had held, if any, and that seemed as good a place to bury him as any.
About fifty mourners attended the burial service. They included Davidson, Helen, Colonel Qadir, Captain Larkin and the last seven survivors of Solon’s bodyguard. Three of those survivors lowered a body-bag containing Solon’s remains into a freshly-dug grave and shoveled dirt on top. The headstone inscription said: ‘Commander Solon. Leader of the Freedom Alliance Army that conquered Webster City. A great soldier and a great man.’
Qadir gave a brief eulogy. After extolling Solon’s brilliance as a soldier, he said: “It’s hard to be an army general and a human being. However, Solon always kept his basic humanity. That is why we followed him with such devotion. Nobody else could have held the Alliance Army together for so long. However, in the end, even he could not preserve it.”
Qadir stepped back and Larkin and the remaining bodyguards stepped forward. They fired a three-volley salute over the grave. As the shots rang out, Davidson wondered if Solon timed his death well. Solon spent 20 years fighting for a better world that never arrived. Now, he did not have to deal with that disappointment or endure life after soldiering.
As the mourners dispersed, Davidson wanted to cry but knew that, if he did, he would not stop. He and Helen ambled across the cemetery to the spot where, two weeks ago, Davidson buried Colonel Prentice in an unmarked grave. Davidson tried to find Prentice’s family before doing so. They had all disappeared. The grave now had a headstone with the inscription: 'Colonel Robert Prentice. He saved mankind.’
While Helen laid some flowers on the grave, Davidson stood back and prayed silently to any god who was listening. Prentice wore many masks while the head of the ISB. All hid his decency and contempt for the Webster Dynasty. He eventually pulled them all off and died as well as a man could. The headstone did not lie. He did save mankind. Yet, history, if it ever returned, would ignore his deed. Only Davidson and Helen would remember it. When they died, there would just be a headstone that few noticed and nobody understood.

After recovering the canisters of Agent Pandora, Davidson turned his mind back to Professor Pettigrew and how to locate him? Davidson was deeply suspicious of any attempt to cheat nature and extend human life beyond its natural span. Surely, that just cheapened life. However, the prospect of living a longer life made him tingle, and he wanted to meet a man who could produce that miracle and look 30 years younger than his true age. 
The only place where Davidson might discover the Professor’s whereabouts was in the office of Colonel Prentice at Internal Security Bureau Headquarters. The Colonel monitored Pettigrew for a long time without Davidson knowing that. He probably kept a file on Pettigrew stored somewhere in his office.
Colonel Qadir gave Helen a lift from the Cathedral back to the Muslim Brigade camp. Meanwhile, Davidson drove his Alliance troop truck over to ISB Headquarters and parked in a lane behind it. 
There was nothing fancy about the headquarters. It was a five-story concrete column that exuded a dull menace, as it was supposed to do. Today, under a dark sky and with no lighting, it looked especially sinister. Davidson assumed that nobody had entered it for many days.
It was easy to get inside. Someone had already busted open a fire escape door facing onto a side alley. Davidson used a flashlight to climb through darkness to the fifth floor and found another broken door.
He stepped into a pitch-black corridor with a linoleum floor. He was so familiar with the layout of the building that he could probably navigate around it in the dark. However, he used the flashlight to walk for twenty yards and turn right into the outer-office of Colonel Prentice’s suite. 
Davidson scanned the office with his flashlight. Throughout history, whenever a brutal regime fell, its security agencies tried to destroy their files. The Alliance struck the City so hard and fast that the ISB had no time to do that. Previous intruders into this office - probably the first wave of Alliance fighters - had busted open the filing cabinets and scattered many of the files all over the floor.
He crossed the room and opened the door of Colonel Prentice’s office. A long window overlooked the central plaza and allowed in plenty of light. The office had changed little since the last time he was there. The Colonel hated clutter and stored most of his files elsewhere. That meant the intruders had little to ransack. Only a few bits of paper lay on the floor. The biggest change was to the view from the window. The statue of Alexander Webster in the central plaza, which once seized the eye, was scattered rubble.
The office still had two framed photographs of Alexander Webster on the walls. Davidson once thought the presence of the extra photograph demonstrated the Colonel’s fanatical loyalty to the Webster Dynasty. Later, he realized that the Colonel was ridiculing the general subservience to it.
Behind one of the photographs was a safe in which the Colonel kept important documents. Davidson often watched him use a combination number, noted on the back of the photograph, to open the safe. Davidson now used that number to open the safe and look inside. It contained several spike files and the Chancellor’s Medal of Valor that the Colonel was awarded. Davidson glanced through the files and saw that one concerned Professor Pettigrew.
He took it over to the desk, sat down and flipped through it with a tingling hand. Most of the file contained the standard Civic Reliability Reports that all employers regularly submitted to the ISB about their employees. In them, the Professor’s superiors summarized his recent activities and said they had no reason to suspect his loyalty to the Chancellor or the City. None mentioned an anti-aging drug. Davidson had always through that such reports were a huge waste of time and energy. These ones confirmed that. 
Near the bottom of the pile were several photographs of a chubby man in his early forties which were taken at a cocktail party and a restaurant dinner. The man was obviously Pettigrew.
Only two documents really interested Davidson. The first was a directive from the last Chancellor to Colonel Prentice which said that, if the ISB received any information about Professor Pettigrew or had any contact with him, it should immediately notify the Chancellor. Davidson had never seen a directive like that before. Maybe the directive itself made the Colonel investigate the Professor.
The other document of interest was a small map of Webster University. Someone, presumably Colonel Prentice, had circled a building labeled “Squash Courts.” Attached to the map were several photographs of a well-equipped laboratory. Davidson quickly connected the dots. Colonel Prentice must have discovered that Pettigrew was manufacturing his anti-aging drug in a secret laboratory under the Squash Courts Building.
Davidson spun around in the Colonel’s chair and looked out the window at a desolate central plaza. Bruised clouds threatened to burst. All of the public monuments looked bland and derivative. They would not even make good ruins.
Should he go to the university and inspect the laboratory? Pettigrew might be there. Davidson was strongly tempted to forget about Pettigrew and concentrate on the day-to-day struggle to survive. However, the prospect of a longer life had created a small fever inside him. He saw how it drove men mad. The best way to extinguish it was to inspect the laboratory. When he found out that Pettigrew was not there, he would be forced to forget about him.

During its 200 years of existence, Webster University never offered a humanities course. Its sole purpose was to pump out the professionals and scientists that the City needed to provide a decent standard of living. 
The university campus made no attempt to romanticize or glorify the acquisition of knowledge. The heart of the campus was a set of barrack-like buildings arranged in a cruciform pattern. Standing at the intersection was, of course, a large marble statue of Alexander Webster. Orbiting the cruciform structure was a dull collection of dormitories, laboratories and sports venues. The only building with any individuality was the Administration Center which had a few whimsical art deco touches. Davidson often wondered how the architect got away with them.
The Squash Courts Building was a squat brick structure which, unlike most of its neighbors, had the good fortune to be hidden behind a wall of trees. Davidson drove through a deserted and vandalized campus, and parked outside it. Toting his rifle, he walked up the flagstone pathway to the main entrance. Someone had conveniently shattered the glass front doors. With glass crunching underfoot, he entered a small hall with a reception desk. Signs pointed towards the “Squash Courts” and “Change Rooms”.
The laboratory that Colonel Prentice identified on the map was surely underground. Davidson stepped into the fire escape and saw that the stairs kept going down. Why? He pulled out his flashlight and descended two flights until he reached a big heavy door which said: “Access Forbidden; Dangerous Chemicals in Use.”  
The door was slightly ajar. He pushed it open and stepped into a small vestibule with another big heavy door on the other side. That door was wide open. He stepped through it into the laboratory that he saw in the photographs that Colonel Prentice possessed.

He thought the laboratory was vacant until he stumbled over a body lying face down. Pettigrew? He turned it over. The face was heavily bruised and there was a big bullet hole in the forehead. However, it was unmistakably that of Isaiah Webster. The last hope of the Webster Dynasty, which ruled the City for 300 years, was rotting meat in a basement laboratory. His fate proved that dynasties collapse very slowly, then very fast.
Davidson wondered who killed him and what happened to Professor Pettigrew. However, he had no leads to pursue. Time to give up the chase. He went back upstairs, crunched out to his truck and drove back to the Muslim Brigade camp.
Helen saw his truck enter the camp and headed for the motor park. She was waiting for him when he climbed out of the cabin. “Did you find Pettigrew?”
“No.” He explained how he located the secret laboratory and only found the corpse of Isaiah Webster.
“Wow, the Webster Dynasty ended with a whimper. Are you going to keep looking for Pettigrew?”
“No point. I’ll just be chasing my tail. I wouldn’t feel comfortable looking for him, anyway.” 
“Why not?”
“While I was looking for him, I got greedy for more life and less interested in the life I have. That was a bad feeling.” 
“I see your point.” A shrug. “I guess the last thing we should worry about is old age. I'll be happy if we’re alive in a year's time. That will be a triumph.”


CHAPTER TWENTY

Davidson and Colonel Qadir regularly strolled around the camp together to discuss recent developments. The following afternoon, while they did so, Davidson described how he tried to find Professor Pettigrew and ended up finding the corpse of Isaiah Webster at the university. 
They left the tent area and ambled across the motor park. The Colonel smiled. “I’m glad to hear he’s dead. He was the last possible rallying point of the Webster Dynasty. I didn’t think he could regain power. But he might have caused trouble. You didn’t find Professor Pettigrew?”
“No.”
The Colonel chuckled. “You should not worry about that.”
“Why not?”
“We found him; or, to be more precise, he found us.”
Davidson felt a jolt. “What are you talking about?”
“He wandered into the Chancellor's Palace this morning, looking for help, and spoke to one of my men. It’s ironic, isn’t it? If Secretary Monroe had stayed in the Palace, instead of rushing out to capture Pettigrew, he would still be alive and have Pettigrew under his control.”
Davidson was not interested in irony. “How did Pettigrew get there?”
“You can ask him yourself if you want.”
“I can?”
“Yes.”
“Where is he?”
“In my tent. Let’s go and see him.”
The Colonel laughed and led Davidson to his large tent at the end of the dirt avenue. They went through the canvas anteroom into the main office, where a man was slumped on a swivel chair, sleeping. He had brown hair, a slightly chubby face and wore a rumpled shirt and dirty slacks. Despite his birth certificate saying he was 82 years old, he looked to be in his early fifties. Davidson almost gasped. Here was myth made flesh.
Qadir spoke loudly. “Professor Pettigrew.”
The sleeping man jerked awake and gave Qadir a bleary look. “Yes.”
“Professor, this is Carl Davidson, who once worked for the Internal Security Bureau. I trust him. He knows about your anti-aging drug.”
Pettigrew turned unfocused eyes upon Davidson. “Hello.”
Davidson said: “I understand that you provided the drug to the last Chancellor?”
“Yes, and some of his henchmen. He basically kept me prisoner for many years.”
“Then, when the City fell, Isaiah Webster grabbed you?”
“Yes. I'd been giving him the drug for about ten years and he wanted to make sure that continued. Like his father, he was desperate to cheat God.”
“Did you continue giving him the drug?”
“Not exactly.”
“What do you mean?” 
“He had a small gang of about 15 former Palace Guardsmen. When they found out about the drug, they all demanded it. However, I didn’t have enough pills and couldn’t make a new batch. I always made them in a secret lab at the University. But a vital machine was broken and I lacked an important ingredient, anyway.”
“What did you do?”
“I pretended I was making a new batch, but really gave them painkillers.” A shrug. “They wouldn’t have found out for several years.”
Davidson laughed. “How did you end up at the Chancellor’s Palace?” 
“Isaiah Webster kept claiming he would regain power and reward all of his followers. However, after a couple of weeks, they realized that was all bullshit. The City wasn’t worth retaking and Isaiah certainly wasn’t the man to do it. Disillusionment set in. Isaiah and his two lieutenants argued and came to blows. While everyone was watching them, I went for a walk and ended up at the Chancellor’s Palace. I don’t know what happened to Isaiah after I left.” 
“I can tell you.” 
“Really?” 
“Yes.” Davidson explained how he visited the secret laboratory the previous afternoon and found Isaiah Webster’s corpse on the floor. “Someone had put a bullet through his brain. The situation obviously escalated after you left.”
“Looks like it. I’m not surprised though. Isaiah loved talking tough and giving orders. But he was really a mummy's boy. Totally out of his depth.”
“So, you have no anti-aging pills left?”
“Correct.”
“And you can't make any more?”
“Not unless you rebuild the City and rebuild my laboratory.”
Davidson laughed. “That won’t happen. You took the drug too, didn't you?”
“Yes, for the last 30 years.”
“What’ll happen to you, now?”
“I'll start aging again at my normal rate, of course.”
“Does that bother you?”
“No. Slowing aging had a lot of drawbacks. You outlive your friends and life gets pretty boring, believe me: nothing is important; you have no priorities - days just sail past.”
“What will you do now?”
“I don't know. I am - was - a Professor of Biology. I'm also a qualified doctor. Surely, someone needs my skills.”
The Colonel smiled. “My brigade is about to return to Florida. You can come with us if you want. You will be the first qualified doctor in Florida; you can even start the first university there.”
“Will I be the Dean?”
“You will be everything.”
“Will I have to become a Muslim?”
“Of course.”
A shrug. “OK.”

Later that day, Davidson and his three companions sat together in their camp tent. The antibiotic pills that Ted was taking had put color in his face and stifled his cough. Philip was now mobile, though his bandaged left shoulder remained stiff.
Davidson described his conversation with the Colonel and subsequent meeting with Pettigrew.
Helen laughed. “So, Pettigrew couldn’t make any more pills. Secretary Monroe was chasing a fantasy.”
“Yes, and it killed him. In any event, the Muslim Brigade is pulling out in a week. We have to decide whether to stay in this city or leave.”
Ted said: “I want to go back to my ranch in Kansas. You and Helen should come along. It’s a tough life - no fancy doctors or dentists or food - and bad guys will have trashed the ranch. But it’s a beautiful area with a real community. People there will help me rebuild.”
Davidson stared at Helen. “What do you want to do?”
She stared back. “No, you tell me what you want, first.”
Davidson wanted to go with Ted to Kansas. He felt guilty about quitting the City when it was on its back. But he did not cause its suffering. Indeed, without him, almost everyone would be dead. Nor was there any chance the City would recover. Some people would hang around and try to build something new, without success. Most who could leave would leave. However, his strongest reason for leaving had nothing to do with survival. When he discovered the City was built upon a monstrous genocide, it acquired a moral stench he wanted to escape. This was his chance.
He said: “I'd like to go to Kansas. That’s the smart move. This City is finished. The future is out in the Badlands. In twenty- or thirty-years time, it will have its own cities. What do you think?”
She smiled. “I agree. I want to go to Kansas. This place is a death trap. We have to go.”
Davidson looked at Ted. “We're going with you, though I know nothing about ranching.”
“You'll learn fast if you listen.”
“I'm not good at that.”
A smile. “I know. But I live in hope. At least, you’ve got the most important skill a rancher needs out there.” 
“What?”
“The ability to stay alive.”
Davidson looked at Philip. “I assume you’re coming along, too.” 
Philip flushed and studied his boots. “Yeah. But when we get to the ranch, I won't stay.”
“Why not?”
“I'm tired of looking at the asses of cattle all day. I want to see the world.”
Davidson wasn't surprised that Philip wanted to break away. His swagger once hid his uncertainty. After he shot Secretary Monroe, it projected real confidence.
“How will you survive?”
“I'll become a scavenger.” 
Scavengers roamed the western Badlands and salvaged anything - precious gems, expensive metals, repairable machinery - that could be transported east and traded. It was dangerous work. Many scavengers preyed on each other.
Ted looked disappointed. “You sure?”
“Yes, but don’t worry, the ranch is home. I’ll come back and see you.”
“Good.”
Davidson said: “While you’re scavenging, try to use your brain and not your gun. You’re good at killing. It’s your greatest skill. But don’t become a killer.”
A smile. “You told me that before.”
“I know. Did you listen?”
“Of course,” Philip said with surprising sincerity.
They decided to drive the stolen Alliance truck and Ted's Jeep back to Kansas. The Jeep was still at the bungalow. So, the next morning, Davidson drove Ted north to collect it.
When they reached the bungalow, Ted got behind the wheel of the Jeep and headed back to the camp. Davidson followed him in the truck. He soon realized that they would pass quite close to the carpet warehouse where Kevin Malloy had a stockpile of supplies hidden underground. Their raid on that stockpile gave them ample supplies for the trip to Kansas. However, he was curious to see if there was any activity around the warehouse.
The road passed about 200 yards from the building. Davidson slowed the truck to a crawl and studied it closely. Several white commercial vans sat in the car park, and about a dozen men in civilian gear were moving in and out of the warehouse. Several toted rifles; most carried heavy bags and boxes out to the vans. Another group had obviously discovered Malloy's stockpile and was stripping it bare. Davidson wondered what happened to Malloy and his son. Then, he saw a body in a blood-drenched white tracksuit lying face down near a van. Malloy wore that stupid tracksuit when Davidson saw him a few days ago. What happened to his son? It would be a miracle if he escaped his father’s fate. It really was time to leave this city.
Back at the camp, Davidson and his three companions spent the rest of the day loading their two vehicles with supplies and preparing for the trip back to Kansas. That evening, they said goodbye to Colonel Qadir, who said that, if they ever visited Florida, they should contact him. “The core of Islam is hospitality.”
Ted said: “You really might see us, one day. I still want to stand on a beach and look out at the ocean.”
“We have plenty of beaches, believe me.”
Early the next morning, the four of them boarded the truck and Jeep and headed for Kansas.


CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE

The main wall around Webster City was fifty miles long and thirty feet high. The observation towers were a mile apart and the land-mine fringe was 50 yards deep. The Chancellors always claimed that the walls were built to keep out evil and unvaxxed Outlaws. However, their real function was to keep citizens inside the City. The standard punishment for venturing out, without permission, was the death penalty.
While an officer in the Internal Security Bureau, Davidson often journeyed into the Badlands to meet spies and monitor Alliance activities, but never felt comfortable out there. It was a cruel and desolate place that his enemy controlled. As he drove the troop truck through the West Gate of the City towards Kansas, he felt vulnerable. He was leaving the world he knew and entering a void. He sweated more than during a firefight.
The West Gate still bore the scars of the recent Alliance assault. The observation tower had huge divots and a buckled metal platform; the sandbag emplacements and pillbox looked like a giant stomped on them. The husks of burnt-out armored vehicles littered both sides of the road. A sign said: “You are leaving Webster City - the Ark of Civilization”. 
Helen sat beside Davidson in the troop truck. Behind them, Ted drove the Jeep with Philip beside him. Davidson headed south along the I55 Highway towards old Indianapolis. The blue sky swelled after they left the City and staring into the distance made his eyes sore. Even the air seemed fresher.
When the Great Plague struck, 300 years ago, tens of thousands of Chicagoans fled their city in a forlorn attempt to escape infection. Many died in their vehicles, which still dotted the highway, rusted down to their chassis. The wreckage brought home to him the enormity of the Great Plague.
The road surface was covered with cracks, gashes, ruptures and potholes. Many accommodated trees and bushes. Fortunately, though, Webster City had repaired the worst sections so its armored units could venture out against Alliance forces. Davidson drove at about 20 miles per hour.
No other vehicles used the highway. Their only company was abundant deer, wild horses, cattle and bison on both sides. Davidson sometimes swerved to miss a jaywalking beast.
His greatest fear was that desperate Outlaws or refugees from the City would ambush them. A well-sited automatic weapon would shred their tiny convoy. But they had to accept that risk.
Helen glanced at him. “When I was a kid, if I naughty, my parents threatened to send me out into the Badlands, alone.”
“That made you behave?”
“You bet. I was terrified. I sometimes had nightmares that I was left alone out here. Crazy-looking humans with huge scars and boils appeared and danced around me.” She shivered. “It was horrible.”
“Are you frightened now?”
A half-smile. “A bit. Three weeks ago, my life was a mess, but I had a good job and food on the table. That's all gone. Life has got pretty damn basic and looks like being a lot shorter than I expected. Just waking up is dangerous. Do you think we'll ever see the City again?”
“No, this is a one-way trip.”
“I was afraid you’d say that.”
“You’ve got to accept that the City you knew is gone and won’t return. That should make this easier.”
She laughed. “I’ll try; I’ll try.”
They traveled about 180 miles on the first day and stopped at a bunker-shaped observation post that Webster City built to monitor movements along the highway. The Alliance overran it five years ago and wiped out the whole garrison of 20 soldiers. The City never attempted to regain control. Maybe that loss of nerve was a clear signal it was doomed.
The concrete observation post sat on a small hill. The only traces of the massacre were a bullet-pocked facade, rusted shell casings and two desperate inscriptions on an inside wall: “Goodbye” and “Mother”.  
Davidson built a small fire in front of the building and cooked a stew. Ten miles away, the skeletal skyscrapers of Indianapolis flashed gold and silver. The few intact windows winked like diamonds. Outlaw communities often occupied the ruins of major cities. Not Indianapolis. Just before the Great Plague, a terrorist blew up a Republican Party Convention with a dirty atomic bomb and turned the city into a radioactive hotspot.
The sun sank below the horizon and shadows slithered across the landscape. A white radiance filled the sky. While they ate, Ted described some of the religions on offer in Kansas. The fastest- growing was The Way, an amalgam of numerous religions, including Hinduism and Buddhism, which many people - including its adherents - found incomprehensible. “But the big message is that the Day of Judgment is coming and the wicked won’t like it one little bit.”
Davidson said: “I don’t want to worry about Armageddon for a while. Are there any happy religions?”
“Some. My favorite is the Church of Neal Armstrong. It believes the astronaut was the Son of God. He travelled to the moon to meet his Father and never returned. An impersonator came back. It’s a very popular church. It’s been taking a lot of members from the Congregation of Elvis Presley.”
“Elvis?”
“Yep. It thinks Elvis was the Son of God and his songs are full of religious messages. The most important is ‘Love me Tender’. The singing at its Sunday services is damn fine.”
“Mmm, I think I’ll stay away from religion for a while.”
They finished eating and Philip agreed to stand the first watch. The other three entered the observation post and lay close together on camp rolls, rifles at their sides. Davidson realized that Ted had almost stopped coughing.
Ted rolled over and smiled at Davidson. “Tell me, did he follow you out of the City?”
“Who?”
“Alexander Webster.”
Davidson usually thought about Webster several times a day, but had not thought about him since waking up that morning. “I don’t think so.”
“Good. He’ll have trouble finding you out here.”
The next morning, they skirted around Indianapolis and headed towards Kansas. Mid-morning, the jeep hit a huge pot-hole that smashed its front axle beyond repair. They all climbed into the truck and continued on their journey.

THE END
