IN OUR NAME

By Lesley Corina

Published by Lesley Corina at Smashwords

Copyright 2013 Lesley Corina

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author
Chapter 1

‘Fuck off you bastards’ Sam Cross, nee Streetwise, previously Brown, previously Dutton, screams at the closed prison gates. She can feel the anger building up in the crowd behind her. She loves this activity. Loves the excitement. She loves the feeling that she, Sam Cross, is acting out her own life on a wider stage. 
As a stream of verbal abuse leaves her lips she reassuringly squeezes the hand that holds hers. Her heart races. She feels sheer powerful joy. She is exhilarated by being part of this baying crowd. For it is only now, as part of an ugly mob, that her blood can pulse and surge through her sluggish veins.
She’s dressed carefully for the occasion; skin tight blue jeans, trainers and the obligatory “Hang-‘Em High” embossed pink T-shirt. For Sam this is a well-worn garment that doesn’t hide the black bra from which her breasts are trying to escape. Being the mother of two young girls, Sam Cross, for ease of care, wears her dyed red hair cut into a short bob. Today she’s wearing it lose allowing it to flow across what should have been her pretty face. Only today she is not pretty. Today her features are contorted by an ecstasy of agony as she hurls verbal abuse towards the prison gates. 
She loves being part of the crowd who torment the men inside the prison vans. It’s the highlight of her week; especially when there’s national coverage for a case. Then there is always a large crowd; mainly women from her estate, the place, where she belongs. They all met to scream abuse at the prison vans as they make their way, slowly, to and from the court. Especially now. For now the van will contain a man who has been convicted of sexual offences and is on his way back to the court for sentencing. The screaming, when it starts for real, will be deafeningly exciting.
She glances around before willing the gates to open as the screams grow louder. She knows many of the faces in the thousand plus strong crowd. She flashes toothy grins to them as she screams abuse at the top of her voice. Exchanging self-satisfied vigilante smiles with everyone she recognises she feels part of something and much stronger because she’s sharing it. She wills her pleasure to grow, overtake all her reasoning before finally releasing her. 
She glances towards some of the unknown faces. She tries to stem her resentment of them otherwise it may spoil her pleasure. But she’s always known that, as his trial had national coverage, there would be many faces in the crowd that she wouldn’t recognise. Still she can’t help it and try as she might she resents their presence so screams all the louder to cover her own feelings of being “trespassed against”. She feels angry that her pleasure is gate-crashed by outsiders. She’s deeply hurt that the local women, the ones who’d started the ritual, are overshadowed as the TV coverage appears to focus on the outsiders. They select the women with good haircuts, slim figures, real jewellery, posh accents. Women who will go home to lives unimaginable to Sam and to the others who live on her estate. 
‘Sisters against sexist bastards,’ the posh woman on Sam’s right screams as she smiles at Sam. 
Sam turns her back on her. She’s an outsider. She doesn’t have the uniform so she can’t be part of them. Okay she’s shouting now but tomorrow she’ll have forgotten all about Sam and her life. Sam notices the expensive clothes that the woman’s wearing. Instantly she hates her with a passion that only jealousy can provoke. It’s obvious that she doesn’t have to live with the fear that having that hostel on your doorstep brings. Especially if you’re the mother of two young girls. 
Over the head of her small child Sam throws a smile to the woman who’s standing on her other side. She is a local woman who has lived on the estate all her life. Lives a life like Sam does; suffers every day all day. The woman says something but the words are lost in the tumult. Sam opens her mouth to ask her to repeat herself. Then aware that her words won’t carry, she mouths “The bastards”, and after a helpless gesture she continues with her own screaming. Their exchange of smiles, their recognition of each other is knowledge enough. They are sisters in kind. Sisters who know what they have to protect. The woman smiles back before joining in the chorus as loudly and as passionately as Sam.
The child clings to her mother’s leg as her tears drip onto her jeans. She’s afraid, loud ruckus voices are filling her small brain and terrifying ugly sounds are stuffing her ears. She cannot hear her own sobs, nor does anyone else. She pushes her face deep into the cloth and momentarily recoils at the smell of stale fags and booze that cling to her mother’s clothing. She forces her face closer as if she is trying to bury herself in Sam’s leg. 
The noise grows to a staggering crescendo as the gates gently rock on their hinges. The crowd surges; the gates remain closed. A smaller staff door opens and a stream of police officers file out. They form an impenetrable line in front of the women before stepping back and forcing the crowd to move away from the gates. 
There follows a silent moment before all hell breaks loose.
The crowd surge. Their movement is held back by the physical restraining arms of the police officers; linked arm in arm. The gates open and a white van appear in their frame. Slowly the van inches its way out of the protective cover of the compound and alongside the baying crowd.
Chorus of “fuck off you bastard”, “die” and “hanging too good for shit like you” fill the ears and hardened the hearts of even the youngest there. 
The woman next to Sam bends down in order to pick up a stone. Seizing her opportunity Sam moves closer to the van. Between the linked arms of the police cordon she manages to slam her open palms against the van sides as she screeches abuse at the top of her voice. 
In order to carry out this ritual Sam has to allow the hand of her frightened daughter to drop. Yet the child still clings to her mother’s leg as the angry voices drown out her own cries for comfort.
Sam takes a step forward to repeat the thump on the side of the van. Her daughters grasp baulks her so Sam tugs her leg free and slams her hands again and again against the side of the van as it inches its way teasingly through the screaming throng.
‘Perv! Perv! Kill the fucking perv.’ they scream as several of the group, Sam not in their number, try to climb on the van and open the back doors. Sam runs forward momentarily forgetting her child who, by now, has been disentangled from her legs. 
‘Kill the fucking perv!’ she screeches, her body bent over with the effort, as the van weaves into clear space and speeds off with only a few of the fitter demonstrators in pursuit. 
Sam turns, she looks around. ‘Jo-Lo, where are you, you little bugger? Get here where I can see you.’ The group part and tiny three year old Jo-Lo Brown, tears spoiling her bright blue eyes, wipes her soiled sleeve across her tear stained face. ‘What you run off for?’ Sam demands grabbing her daughter by the upper arm. ‘It’s to keep the place safe for the likes of you that we’re doing this. Stop that snivelling, or I’ll give you something to cry about.’
As Sam chastises her daughter an older woman, in her sixties, approaches and starts to walk alongside them. She also has the uniform on, jeans, trainers and a pink T-Shirt with the words – “Hang ‘Em High”. Being emblazoned across the older woman’s ample bosom the message encourages an unwelcomed innuendo than had not been part of the original design. Her dyed blond hair is held off her face by an Alice band that would have been more appropriate in the wardrobe of a much younger woman.
‘Sam, ain't that perv off to the same nick that your Eddie’s in?’ she asks as they draw ahead of the crowd and at last can hear what they’re saying.
‘Well if he is my Eddie’ll sort him out. Have his face down the bog before the nights out.’
‘He’s due for release soon, isn’t he?’
‘Couple of weeks.’
‘He coming to you?’
‘He’s got no one else. My Mikey won’t like it.’ 
Sam stops walking and looks at the floor. After three years of living with Michael Cross Sam knows two things. She knows that he doesn’t like her family, especially Eddie and that he’s touchy about having his name pronounced as he wants it to be. He insists that it’s pronounced Mikey and not Mickey like some cartoon mouse. She tosses her head and her hair flies around her face. She shrugs. The two most important men in her life will just have to sort themselves out. She has more important things to worry about. She sets off walking again as she continues her reply to Kath.
‘Eddie’s flesh and blood and you gotta keep faith with each other. I guess he can kip on the couch for a night or two. Just till he gets his bearings and then he’s to sling his hook. But, Kath, as I said he’s family and he’s only got me.’
‘Your Dad still…’
‘As much use as a chocolate fireguard.’
‘Oh, Sam, he took your mum's death real bad.’
‘Not worked a day since. Come to think of it I don’t think he’s bothered to wash since either.’
‘Still how long was they together?’
‘Don’ know. How long do you need to get two kids and then bang?’
‘Gosh, that’s sad. So he was left with two kids and no wife.’
‘Kath, can we change the tape? Look isn’t that your Jason? Jason,’ Sam calls to the fast approaching youth, ‘you put on a good sprint after that van. At one stage I thought you was going to catch up with it an all.’
A tall lanky youth in anti-fit jeans, hooded black top and designer trainers approached them. His face and head are all but hidden in the folds of his hood. As he talks with the two women his voice is animated; its high pitched tone the only indicator of his true age.
‘I got my fingers on the handle. Then the guard saw me in the mirror. He signalled to the driver and he swerved to throw me off. Tell you what Gran, if I’d caught that bastard I’d have saved a prison place. I’d have got my hands round that fucking tiny dick of his and twisted, and twisted and twisted and then yanked. Then -.’
‘Okay, Jason. Honestly the language these kids pick up these days. Do you talk like that to your teachers?’
‘Gran, where you been? I’m off down the park. Some of the lads … Well we’ve got business to attend to. Know what I mean. I’ll not be in before you go out to work. See ya.’
‘Jason…,’ his Grandmother calls before, standing to watch his departing back she adds sadly, ‘honestly you’d not think he just 14 and still at school; would you?’
‘Had my first on the way at 14. You think they’re going to be young forever, don’t you. But we all grow up.’
‘I think it’s this area. And that hostel. Okay they say they’re low risk offenders. But however you cut it they’re all the same; criminal an' up to no good. Sorry begging your pardon. I know your Eddie’s okay; deep down. As I say it’s this area and he just got in with the wrong crowd. But honestly, Sam, that hostel's got to go. We’re going to see Councillor … - Now what’s his name? That big black fella; lives with his sister and her kiddies. You know who I mean? She had a couple of kids by that Irish drunk. Then she had one with that other young lad. I think he’s a shelf stacker at the supermarket.’
‘I know the one, Kath. You know what they say about them.’
‘You think he gives her one when the curtains are closed?’
‘He’s too attractive not to be getting any. I wouldn’t say no if he were asking.’
‘Sam Cross, and you a newlywed. Honeymoon over then?’
‘Well and truly. Bring on the socks and babies.’
‘So are you? I was saying, to her at number five, that you looked blooming. So it wasn’t just the sun, sea, sex and sangria.’
‘I think I am, but the quack said it’s too early to tell.’
‘And which one is this?’ Kath asks stooping to smile at Jo-Lo. ‘She’s quiet ain’t she? Not said a word.’
‘Jo-Lo say hello to Mrs -.’
‘Oh stop that Sam Cross. You know as well as the rest that I’m just Kath from number 17.’
‘But don’t you think they should be taught some respect and call adults by their real names?’
‘Was that what you were trying to do, Sam? Teach her manners? By bring her here?’
‘I want her out of this.’ 
Sam looks around her and drinks in the poverty of her surroundings. She feels tears sting as she notices the playground and the equipment. Last year they’d all been so proud when it had first been installed. And now, now it’s broken; all of it. The swings have been yanked from their hinges and thrown into the paddling pool. The climbing frame has been pushed over and beaten with clubs until its twisted frame is beyond repair. Worst of all, the tiny kiddie rides have all been smashed. It’s all uncared for, unmaintained and would forever be unrepaired. The bark, that had been used to cover the ground, has been thrown over the grass exposing dark brown earth. The lack of care encourages public defecating, including by humans of both sexes and all ages. The young saplings that had been planted to provide shade have been snapped in their protective cages. In that state they’ve been left to droop and die as a fading reminder of what they had once tried to build. 
A derelict row of terraces edge the park and look on through broken windows and smashed door frames. Roof tiles scar on the ground where they have fallen. Evidence, if any was needed, of the deadly games of “cat-and-mouse” that the neighbourhood kids play nightly.
‘Grow up quickly don’t they,’ Sam almost whispers. ‘And look at how the little buggers treat the play areas for the tots. It ain’t right, Kath, and I want better for her, and...’ she says while squeezing the tiny hand of Jo-Lo in one of her own and patting her stomach with the other, ‘…and for this one. That’s if it comes out at all.’
‘I grant you it’s not a pretty sight. I’d like to move, but where could the likes of us go?’
‘Anywhere. Oh, Kath, I’d move anywhere just to get away from here.’
‘And leave me to let them pervs know what we think of them on my own?’
‘It’s the only pleasure I get these days.’
‘But you’ll be happy when your Eddie comes home; won’t you?’
‘Yes. He’s good with the kids. He can take them off our hands for a bit each day. That’ll give Mikey and me more time together. But I don’t like having another adult in the flat. It sort of puts me off my stride. Know what I mean?’ she asks without meeting the eyes of the older woman. 
Kath lets out a snort and smiles. ‘I was young once, Sam Cross. Sure I knows what you mean. You could always send him to church with the kids?’
‘What?’
‘It’s what my parents did. Packed us off to Sunday School when they needed a bit of “how’s your father”. There was, would you believe, 17 of us in one of those back-to-back three bed houses on Coronation Road. One of them that was just after the turn off for Monmouth Street. I liked that old house. Grew up there I did. An’ in more ways than one.’ Kath sighs deeply. ‘I’ve lots of fond memories. Pulled ‘em down ‘bout 30 years ago. A whole row gone overnight.’ 
As she reminisces Kath has a far-away look in her eyes and she doesn’t notice that Sam is no longer listening. As Sam bends to fasten the supermarket coat around Jo-Lo Kath continues. 
‘They was there one day and gone the next. Almost as if something had spirited them away. I guess they knew what they was doing. Happen knocking ‘em down was all that they was fit for. Back to backs they were, warm in the winter.’
‘I remember my Mum telling me about them,’ Sam adds standing up and looking around her. ‘And here I am, years later, with the same problem – how to get the kids out of the house so I can have sex with my man.’
‘Send Eddie and the kids round to me when you want some space. I’ll give ‘em tea and keep ‘em occupied.’ She bends down and smiles at Jo-Lo as she asks, ‘Would you like to visit me? I’d like you to. You and your uncle Eddie. Will you come and see me and give your mummy a break?’ 
In reaction to being the centre of the attention Jo-Lo thrusts her thumb in her mouth and hides her face in the safety of a shapely jean clad leg. 
‘You shy?’ Kath asks as Sam bends down to pick Jo-Lo up.
‘I guess it was too exciting for her. You excited by all the noise, Jo-Lo? Did you like it when the van came out and we pelted it? There was a perv inside and you need to keep an eye out for them. But Kath here’s asking you, Kylie and Eddie round one day. That’ll be nice, won't it.’
‘You looking forward to your Uncle Eddie visiting?’ Kath asks.
Jo-Lo hides her face and cries into the T-shirt as she releases her bladder and wishes that the smelly old woman would just go away.
‘Pooh! What a stinky pooh, you are,’ Sam recoils putting her daughter down on the ground and concluding the conversation. ‘Better get her home. Thanks for the offer.’ 
‘Well, this is where I leave you in any case. You okay the rest of the way?’


Chapter 2

In his prison cell Eddie Streetwise slides off his bed. He holds his blanket around his shoulders hiding his heavily tattooed body. His dark brown hair is plastered to his skull with sweat and beads of perspiration pepper his forehead. His bloodless lips are parted as he pants gently.
He walks to the door and places his right ear against it and listens. Hurriedly he changes ears and when satisfied that no one is nearby, he wraps the blanket over his head and walks away holding it fast across his hairy chest with his free hand. As he walks he manages to wriggles out of his underpants; a skill he perfected during his first stretch in the Young Offender Institution in Reading. Then, with practiced ease, he picks up his discarded boxers with the big toe on his right foot and tosses them onto the bed. 
Silently he walks to the side of the bed that’s furthest from the door or the adjoining cell. He needs to be as far away from other people as he can possibly get. Fortunately he’s in an end cell on the top floor at Her Majesty's Pleasure. In position, to ensure maximum privacy behind the door and between the bed and the sink, he masturbates to his favourite fantasy. In all the years that he’s been in one form of institution or another he could never get accustomed to masturbating in public. 
The single life and over five years in prisons of one form or other have taught him how to masturbate, silently, unemotionally, fast and hard. With his grey brown eyes closed his tongue moistens his parted full, yet somehow bloodless, lips over and over again. Almost reverently he whispers a girl’s name. 
Shit he silently mouths as images fill his mind. Fuck, Cunt, Bitch, Bitch, Bitch! he repeats allowing his fingers to work their magic.
He works up to a climax as blurry images of the female form, without personality, fills his mind. He falls deep within his own inner reserves. He thinks of all the women in his life. Silently he undresses them. Ripping undies, uniforms, dresses and gymslips as he takes command. He likes to picture himself ripping silks, tearing satins or grinding cottons against young flesh. He can feel the sensuality of the material as it unsuccessfully tries to mask the body beneath. He can almost feel the softness as lace, ribbon and hair flow over his fingers. In his fantasy he takes his women by force and then discards them. Just as easily as they have all discarded him in real life.
Feverishly he works. Alternatively picturing girls and women who are sexually eager, sexually naive, sexually experienced, sluts, virgins, Black, Brown, White, Chinese, anything! For now any woman will do. And all the time he mouths, ‘Any fucking cunt will do!’ over and over again. ‘Any fucking cunt will do.’
‘Bastards’ he says aloud as he bites his lower lip. Bastard he mouths thinking of his psychiatrist. Why are the Nut Doctors in prisons all young women! He can picture her; her slim frame leaning over towards him. She’s listening intently while he recounts his latest masturbatory fantasy. And, he muses, that’s considered medical treatment these days! Telling a young woman what you like doing.
Not that he tells her this; his favourite fantasy in which he pictures her going home. She opens the door and in the hallway she rips of her suit. She has any number of dark business suits to choose from. His favourite is a black skirt suit. The jacket’s tightly tailored and the skirt long, straight, tight with a slit in both front and back. In his mind’s eye he sees her rip it off while the light from the street illuminates her semi-transparent form through the glass door. Then, as she walks up the stairs, she tears off her starched white blouses and casts it to the floor. Her tiny breasts, cushioned in her white lacy bra would be seen as she walks, slowly, past the landing window. She doesn’t wear knickers in his fantasy. She removes her bra prior to turning the shower on. Then innocently, naked, she’d open the bathroom window - just to let the steam out. It’s then, in his fantasy, that he would take her. If not in the shower then as she gets into bed. Or on the kitchen floor. With her he would play out everything that he tells her that he does in his widest, wettest, dreams. And the wilder he makes them the happier she seems to be. He thinks about having sex with her in her office. Of forcing himself on her. Not that he’d have to force himself, it’s obvious that she wants him. She has to be hot for him; or why else would she keep asking him what he wanks to?
The image fades and desperately he thinks back, searching, rooting, looking for images of females who did things to him that caused him physical, emotional, mental, and best of all sexual pain. His mind is full of images of women that have made him cry out aloud. Made him beg for mercy. Plead with them for the pain and the torture to stop. He wants to scream, yell, beg, rant and rave. He wants it to continue and yet at the same time to stop. In his pain he reaches out for the hand that hurts to once more become the hand that heals.
He closes his eyes and strains for the pleasure and pain “hit” that will release him from this ecstatic agony and allow him to sleep until his release from Her Majesty's Pleasure early next morning.
He sinks his teeth into his lower lip and bites deeply. He closes his jaws as he closes his eyes on the pain. He knows that not doing this would cause him to cry aloud. But he’s not alone, even in this single cell that he’s been allocated prior to release, he can never be alone. He’s been in prison long enough to know that walls have ears and that inside nothing is secret. He knows that you can never be alone at Her Majesty's Pleasure. And even if he’s leaving in the morning he really doesn’t want the rest of the prisoners, and especially the screws, to hear him. Inside he needs privacy to wank.
He mouths a scream as tears prick the back of his eyes and force their way to the front and slowly trickle from beneath his lids and over his cheeks moistening their passage with salty pain.
Silently he mouths her name, his demon, his torturer, his one true love. 
When he’s not aroused he tells himself that it could be any girls’ name he calls out. Any girl for him to reach out to; it really doesn’t matter. One female body is the same as the next. Some are fatter, or thinner or older or younger. But roughly they all have the same bits in the same places. 
But as he reaches a climax it’s always the same name that he suppresses. The one name that he dare not bring himself to call out aloud.
He knows that he’ll climax soon. But he wants to prolong the pain and ecstasy. He slows his action as he almost reaches his climax and relaxes his grip. It’s too soon. He wants to linger in his dream for longer, safe in the brutalising fantasy that keeps him humiliated and begging his fantasy female tormentor for release. His hand eases back, stroking, plying, teasing, lovingly caressing.
‘Willy bad’ he whispers slapping his erect penis. ‘Very bad,’ he adds as he pinches and pulls the foreskin. ‘Willy needs teaching a lesson,’ he mouths as his hand grabs the organ and squeezes until his eyes bulge and water and he has to bite hard to prevent himself from crying out. 
The release is immeasurable, wet and silent as his tears drip to mix with the other newly released bodily fluids.
Damaged, frightened and alone Eddie unwinds the blanket, climbs into bed and silently cries himself to sleep. His release, due the next day, frightens him more than he dare admit.


Chapter 3

‘Fuck off you dickheads,’ Eddie Streetwise screams as the door closes behind him one last time. He swaggers through the closing gates. Superficially he’s glad to be released. Yet deep down his fear is growing. 
He looks at the carrier bag that holds all his worldly possessions. Pity he couldn’t have been given someone else’s by mistake. He’s not got a lot to show for his life. He hates this lack of tangible things. A fear graphically illustrated by the almost empty supermarket plastic bag that he now carries. He doesn’t mind the other clothing. In fact they feel good on him. The brown pants and jacket are of reasonable quality. The shirt is new, and if anything a little stiff. But that will change with wear and wash. As the prison gate starts to close behind him his one hope is that he will look like everyone else in the street.
The gates clang shut. The sound reverberates though is whole being.
He jumps and fights the urge to dash up to them bang on them and beg, yes beg, to be let back inside.
She moves silently towards him pushing her two little girls ahead of her. She never knows how he’ll react. But she knows that he’d never hurt the girls. So she pushes them forward as a token of her love. Even from this distance she notices the fear in his eyes. She hesitates as she wonders if she should go home without him.
He looks up. 
She looks at him. 
Their eyes met.
‘Eddie,’ Sam says as she pushes the kids even closer. ‘Eddie,’ she repeats softly and with true feeling. 
They stand looking at each other in silence. The world they had once shared stretches out between sister and brother. As they try desperately to bridge the gulf that’s now separating them. The girls fidget. Eddie lowers his eyes to look at them. Sam draws her children close. She squeezes them before very gently pushing them towards Eddie.
‘Girls say hello to your Uncle Eddie,’ she adds keeping her eyes fixed on his and wondering where that initial look had gone to. ‘You remember him,’ she reminds them while wondering if she herself can actually remember him. As she searches his face she wonders if that earlier look, the look of fear, had really been there or had she just imagined it. Perhaps it wasn’t fear? Perhaps it was hate or anger or even love. She searches his eyes to see if it will return while he greets and fusses over his two nieces.
Throwing his bag to the floor he encircles one girl in each arm and as easily as if they were dolls he picks them up and tosses them into the air. On their descent he effortlessly catches them. Jo-Lo giggles and begs him to do it again. Kylie, embarrassed, struggles out of his grasp. He allows her to move away as he gently refuses Jo-Lo’s request. Instead he pulls her to his massive chest lifting her into the air at the same time. He feels the material of her jeans and supermarket coat against the hairs on his chest, the electricity makes them stand on end. Breathing heavily he lowers her to the ground.
‘You’re looking well, Eddie. You’ve obviously made an effort to keep fit. You look…’ Sam hesitates as she brushes the tears from her eyes. ‘Leave them girls for a minute and give me one of them,’ she demands.
‘Sis,’ he replies softly, removing his protective arms from around Jo-Lo. ‘I’ve missed you,’ he confesses as they embrace. 
‘And, Eddie, it will be okay this time; won’t it?’ she asks her tone tentative and frightened.
‘Big Sis, we’ll be one big happy family,’ he adds while retrieving his bag and offering a hand to each of the girls. ‘One big happy family.’ He looks to the girls for approval who in turn look to their mother.
‘Let’s go. This way. Girls, your Uncle Eddie’s going to stay with us for a few days.’
‘Good,’ they chorus. As they march off, with their hands swinging to a shared yet silent rhythm, Sam is left training behind. She keeps her distance secretly assessing the group as it walks ahead of her. She stands and wonders.
The group stop; look over their shoulders and call for her to catch up. She runs to join them. Jo-Lo holds up her free left hand. Sam snatches it in her own and squeezes it until her youngest daughter looks up at her and smiles.
‘Is that okay with you, Girls, if your Uncle Eddie stays with us for a while?’
Looking adoringly up at him both girls confirm agreement in their childish voices.
‘It’s just until he finds his feet,’ she adds in a more adult voice while talking over their heads and addressing Eddie directly. He ignores her; so awaiting his confirmation she adds, ‘Eh, Eddie?’
‘Sure, Babe. Anything you say. Sis, it’s good of you and Mikey. Got a car, have you?’
‘Round the back.’ 
‘I presumed that we was walking to a car. Girls…,’ he adds looking from Jo-Lo to Kylie, ‘…otherwise we’d have to walk all the way back, and we don’t want to do that, do we?’
‘I could ride on your shoulders,’ Jo-Lo notes.
‘Would you like that?’ he asks dropping on one knee and allowing his bag to fall to the floor and his hold on Kylie to falter. ‘Would my favourite Jo-Lo niece like that?’
‘Oh yes,’ she replies, her excitement obvious in her voice as she holds her arms straight up in the air waiting to be picked up.
‘But what about my favourite Kylie niece, mightn’t she like to ride on her Uncle Eddies shoulders?’ he asks scooping her hand into his and pulling her close to him. 
‘You only have the one set of shoulders, Uncle Eddie. Beside I’m far too old for shoulder rides. I’m 11, while Jo-Lo’s only three.’
‘Me, me, me!’ Jo-Lo screeches, her arms waving frantically in the air.
‘Very grown up of you, Miss Kylie,’ Eddie gives her a formal bow as he sweeps Jo-Lo onto his shoulders. ‘You safe up there?’ he asks, as he brings both her feet together and holds them in his right hand.
Jo-Lo wriggles her feet as she tries to separate them. ‘I don’t like that,’ she complains.
‘Well, Missies, you’ll have to like it, ‘cause I only have the one hand free. You see with this other hand; I need to hold the hand of a very special young lady. That is if she’ll allow me. Miss Kylie Brown, may I have the honour of holding your hand?’
‘Yes,’ she replies pertly, before taking his powerful hand into her own. She turns it over and studies the hairs on the back. She notices how it makes her hand look dainty, slight and fragile. She smiles up at him and feels close.
‘I want my legs free,’ Jo-Lo moans.
‘Sorry, no can do. It’s like this, or you walk. Now, Missies, what’s it to be?’
‘What can you see up there?’ Sam asks. ‘Gosh you’re so high up. You’re even taller than me.’
‘Me want to ride like this for ever,’ Jo-Lo screeches in excitement.
‘Okay, ready for the off?’ he asks as they start walking again. ‘Is it far?’ he asks, turning round to find out why Sam isn’t keeping up with them. ‘Honestly, as if I’d not had enough of my mug being shot for the record back there. Now even my big sister has to pull a camera out on me.’
‘Shut up. It’s for the family album,’ Sam replies, as she happily snaps pictures of them on her mobile phone. 
‘Posh phone and a car; you are doing well, Sis.’
‘This? It’s nothing. Got it from the club; a few pounds a week; by this time the year after next it’ll be mine. As for the car; when these two are wed and off our hands it still won’t be ours. But, we had to have one; the old one just stopped one day and wouldn’t start again. We’re in debt up to our eyes and it’s still growing. Nothing changed there; that I can tell you.’
‘If money’s tight I have my -.’
‘Keep it. You’ll need your release cash to tide you over. Besides, Mikey did a few nights plus I got some extra from the club; so we did okay. Besides, the car’s not new, well; it’s new to us. Second hand from that garage on Elbin Streetwise. Know the one?’
‘Thinks so. You still working?’
‘Yes, I moved to checkouts. I still do the occasional twilight stacking shift. The money’s better and I get to see the kids between school and bedtime. Then when I’m at work Mikey’s around. It works for us.’
‘And how is Mikey?’
‘Look Eddie, I’ll be honest. He’s not happy about me taking you back. But I said that you was my brother, and the kids –. Cars over there, in that corner, that red one.’
‘Sam, most of the cars here are red.’
‘I don’t know the make. It’s in that row over there, the one by that field.’
‘Uncle Eddie, that’s our car. I’ll show you which one it is.’
‘Kylie, can you run to it?’
 Kylie looks at him as if unsure if her maturity will allow such antics.
‘Come on, you’re a fit young woman aren’t you? I was hoping you’d help me train for the Marathon and the Great North Run. I can’t do it on my own, you know.’
‘I can run fast,’ she informs him. ‘I’ll show you.’
‘Not so fast. I’ve Lester Piggott on my back?’
‘Who’s Lester Piggott?’
‘He was my Grandad's favourite jockey. That’s your mum's, and mine, father’s father. Your Great Grandfather so an ancestor.’
‘Is he dead?’ Jo-Lo asks from the top of his head.
‘Been dead for over twenty years, something like that?’ he asks Sam for confirmation. Which as it isn’t forthcoming he continues. ‘He’s been dead longer then you two’ve been alive. And I owe that old man a lot. He taught me about horses and how to spot a good one -.’
‘Pity you never remembered his lessons then. You always back the loser.’ 
‘Sam, you remember Grandad Flowers, don’t you?’ He turns to look up at Jo-Lo. ‘He’d carry me like this for miles over the woods. Grand time we had. And you’re mum would play on the swings. She didn’t like going in the woods with us.’
‘It was all boys’ games. I preferred to play on the swings with my dolls,’ Sam confirms.
‘So, jockey, you ready for a gallop?’ Eddie asks. In her excitement Jo-Lo kicks her legs and catches his chest. He grabs the ankles, one in each hand and holds her fast while he bounces her up and down on his powerful shoulders. ‘Runners and riders are you ready?’
‘Yes,’ they chorus their eyes shining towards him.
‘Then, on your marks. Get set …’ he pauses for dramatic effect, to annoy Kylie and to make sure that Jo-Lo is secure. ‘…and go!’ he announces and watches as Kylie speeds off ahead of him. He then sets off at a canter. A speed at which he manages to keep just behind her.
‘Faster, faster, faster,’ Jo-Lo demands all the time he’s running. ‘Horsy, horsy go faster, faster, faster,’ and she digs her heels into his chest.
Kylie arrives at the car first with Eddie and his rider a respectable distance behind. She leans against the back door panting. As they approach she turns to shine triumphant eyes on them. She doesn’t say the words, she doesn’t have to; they’re written all over her.
‘Well done,’ he tells her holding out his right hand. ‘Let me shake the hand of a true champion.’
Blushing Kylie shakes hands and basks in her fame while Jo-Lo demands to be let down.
‘Kids,’ Sam announces unlocking the car as she arrive, ‘leave your uncle alone and get in the back.’
‘Sam, leave them, they’re fine.’
‘No, Eddie, they need to get in the back and you need to listen to me.’ She talks as she watches the girls climb in the back and fasten their seat belts. She closes the door and then with her back to them she said softly, yet firmly, ‘Mikey isn’t happy. He remembers the last time -.’
‘Sis, you said you’d not bring that up again.’
‘Well I have to. I’m warning you for the first and last time,’ she glances over her shoulder to make sure that the girls can’t hear. She turns back on them so she is facing Eddie her features stern and determined. ‘I’m warning you; if you dare bring drugs into my house again you’re out on your ear. No ifs, no buts, no nothing. Door open, you and your baggage out in the street as quick as a flash. Is that understood?’
‘Mikey laying down the law now is he?’ 
‘Not just Mikey, Eddie. It’s me as well. I’ve kids to think of now. Young girls and I don’t want them messed up like you’ve been.’
‘Well thanks.’
‘Eddie, you know what I mean. No drugs. No sex and no -.’
‘Well what you bothered coming to get me out for? If you’ve got so many rules you may as well take me back inside. Your place sound more like prison than -.’
‘I’m serious Ed. Me and Mikey, well, well we have to put our girls first. Any stepping out of line by you and Mikey will -.’
‘Will what? If I remember rightly he’s a bit of a weed.’
‘That’s as may be. But that weed keeps a roof over our heads, food on the table and a car in working order. That’s more then you’ve ever done in your whole life.’
‘Okay kick a man when he’s down, why don’t ya?’
‘I don’t think I can be accused of that. I’m putting a roof over your head, food in your belly, giving you a bed to lie in and a -.’
‘Pot to piss in.’
‘Eddie! Please, the children.’
‘What, Sam. Kids don’t piss these days? Did you and Mickey breed that out of them?’ To annoy her he pronounced it as Mickey.
She glares at him yet refuses to be drawn into what is effectively her husband's argument. She keeps her voice level and replies, ‘You know what I mean.’
‘Yes, right little -.’
‘Eddie, you don’t have to stay with us if you’ve somewhere better to go?’
‘You know I don’t. You know, Sam, that since mum died and dad went off the rails that you and me is all we’ve got -.’
‘Eddie Streetwise, you listen to me, and you listen good. I may be all you have. But I have Mikey, and he’s a damn good man and a damn good provider. And I’ve got children of my own so you’re not my only family.’ 
‘Okay rub it in why don’t you?’
‘Stop this right now. I have them to think about. They’re first in everything I do and you’d better get used to it. I’ll not let anything; and I mean that. I’ll not let anything or anyone hurt them. You hear me?’
‘Loud and clear, Sis. Well don’t worry, I’ll be out of your hair soon enough. I’ve one or two irons in the fire. One or two guys who own me a favour. I’ll not be around that long. I can promise you that.’
‘Eddie, you’re not getting up to your old ways; are you?’
‘You’d care?’
‘I do care. Eddie, I’m here aren’t I? And with my girls. Isn’t that a sign that I care?’
‘Don’ no.’
‘And I’ve persuaded Mikey to give you another chance.’
‘Okay, Sis. You win. You’re a saint. And I promise I’ll not bring disrespect on your nice household. Besides, while I’m with you, you’ll not even notice me. I’ll be that invisible.’


Chapter 4

Eddie Streetwise stretches across the couch and rolls gently to the floor. Dressed only in his boxers he notices that his toned body isn’t quite as muscular as it had been while he was inside. As he walks through the empty flat, stretching his muscles and wondering what to do, he decides that he just can’t do another night on his sister’s couch.
He snatches his carrier bag from under the table and looks for his remaining cash. He counts it; and then counts it again. If he wants to sign on he’ll have to walk to the dole office. The promised jobs from fellow inmates and the promise of help from newly released friends haven't materialised. And he can tell from the frosty greetings he gets from Sam each morning, that he’s no longer welcome. He knows that while nothing has been said to him directly; he knows that now, in his third week, he’s outstayed his welcome.
He places the bag on the coffee table and automatically picks up the bed linen from the couch. He folds it, after a fashion, and then takes it and the pillow to the door of his sister’s bedroom. He knocks, gently.
‘Sam?’ he asks. No reply so he knocks again and calls. ‘Sam.’ No reply. As the bundle of bedding prevents him from seeing the door handle he has to open it by pressing down on the handle with his little finger and then leaning forward slightly. Resting his weight against the door it eases back on its hinges. He takes a single a step inside. The room is small, with barely any room around the bed for walking. He thinks Sam had been very clever when she selected the furnishings for the room. He knows that it’s she who’s chosen it. Mikey isn’t interested in such things. He’d have gone along with Sam and her choice of the over the bed storage and slim line wardrobes. Okay, he thinks as he places his bedding on top of their newly made bed, it’s hers, all hers, but this bedroom isn’t any larger than his prison cell had been. 
He leaves the room, closes the door behind him and walks to the kitchen where he reaches for the coffee tin on the top shelf. He knows this is where Sam keeps her cash. He takes it down, removes a note, and then replaces the canister exactly as he found it. He walks away. Freezes. Thinks about it and then retraces his steps. He stands in front of the shelf for a long time. Reaches out, picks up the tin, flicks the lid open and stuffs the note back inside. She’s family and you didn’t nick from your own.
He returns to the living room and hurriedly scrambles into his clothing. First his black T-shirt, then his black hooded woollen jacket, white socks and then finally his ubiquitous pair of un-fit jeans. Dressed he stuffs his hands into the pockets of the jeans. The jeans had been a present that Sam had insisted on buying. A coming out present she’d called it. 
Dressed like everyone else he’s ready to face the world. He glances around the tiny and overcrowded flat. All delaying tactics as his lack of self-belief is now so firmly established that it is yet another obstacle for him to overcome. Trying not to dwell on the negative aspects of his life he leaves the flat determined that he’ll not be back.
As with all previous occasions his resolve weakens the further he gets away from the building. 
For a while he loiters around the bus stop, killing time, watching as buses come and go. When a Number 21 turns up and stops he tells the driver, or anyone else who might have formed a queue behind him, that he’s waiting for the Number Six. When the Number Six turns up he announces that he’s waiting for the 21. In this futile activity he wastes a couple of hours. He watches the faces of other people while hoping that one of them, just one, will drop some money so that he can afford to take the bus to town. 
He knows he doesn’t have enough money for a bus ticket. Yet hope keeps him close to the bus stop. He knows, from previous experience, that the longer he stands there the colder he’ll becomes. The colder he becomes the less he notices until he’s eventually forced to go back to the flat.
He perches on the ledge in the bus shelter, opens his bag and starts to fumble through his possessions wondering if he has anything worth flogging.
He fingers the letter from his mother. But he doesn’t look at it. She had written to him, well to them both, after the trial. That in itself had been unusual. She had then compounded the mystery by hiding it in a book of poems. Then she’d given the book to his dad with clear instruction not to give it to Eddie until he was 21. Eddie, being Eddie, considered nothing that anyone else owned as being private. Especially if it was hidden away deep in one of his dads many hiding holes. Eddie found the neatly wrapped package long before the great day. He confronted his dad who in a drunken fit tore the package open. His dad pulled the letter from within its protective folds and tossed it to the ground as he announced that he was going to try and flog the book. 
As the envelope had floated past him Eddie had seen his name on the front. As he picked it up he somehow knew that it was from his mother Her voice was trying to reach out to him from beyond the grave. He snatched the book from between his dad’s hands; taking it easily. His dad had no strength to fight back and defend himself; drink had seen to that. As he remembers it now; Eddie had snatched the envelope, pushed his father out of the way and then fled the scene. At the time he was just 19 years old. To Eddie it seems like yesterday, but it was five years ago, and he hasn’t seen or spoken to his father since. He hasn’t opened the letter either. He’s scared that it may give him cause not to hate her.
He runs his finger down the spine of the book. What does he need with a book of poetry? He had once opened the book. It fell open on the pages that the letter had been nestled between. So he put the letter back, unread, and yet for some reason he carried it with him at all times. But he won’t open it. He’ll never read it; neither the letter or the book. He’s a Streetwise man and Streetwise men wouldn’t read either; especially the poetry. Even a modern poet has nothing to say to him. 
Eddie stuffs the book and letter back in his bag and sets off determined to walk all the way to town. He decides to use the road as the more direct route, along the canal bank is, as yet unfamiliar to him. 
He’s been walking for five minutes, his bag banging against his legs in time to the rhythm of his movement, when he stops to let a driver cross in front of him. He raises his head to see where the car is going and notices a massive car park. He looks to the horizon and sees what looks like a warehouse. A massive, massive warehouse with a difference. This one has a gated entrance. On impulse he walks up to the gate. The words Uppermarket are blazoned across them in large illuminated yellow and green letters.
A uniformed man appears, as if from nowhere, and demands to know what Eddie wants.
‘What’s Uppermarkets when it’s at home?’ Eddie asks.
‘It’s a private supermarket.’
Eddie looks through the closed gates and reflects as he wonders if all shopping is done like this now. Things have obviously changed since he’s been inside.
The guard continues, ‘customers, that can afford it, pay an annual subscription so they can shop here all they want.’ 
The guard speaks as if he knows that Eddie can’t afford the annual subscription. As usual his working day is boring so “lording” it over a kid like Eddie gives him something to do. As well as something to talk to the other guards about over coffee. 
‘We have all the TV personalities, the footballers wives, the stars and the likes here. So perhaps not for you, eh, Sonny?’ He adds the last few words softly as if allowing Eddie the opportunity to deny it; if he can. 
In the distance Eddie sees a forklift truck manoeuvring as it, and several others, start to unload a massive pantechnicon lorry.
‘You don’t look like our type of clientele,’ the guard notes his tone finally dismissive.
Quelling the desire to rise to the slur and hit him Eddie lowers his head. He clenches and unclenches his fists so as to release the tension in his muscles before he turns to face the other man.
‘I’m not,’ Eddie retorts. ‘Pay to shop? That’ll be the day. Not me, Mate. Who’d be so daft? Actually I was wondering about jobs.’ The words spoken aloud he instantly wishes that he’d not asked. But now that he has he repeats the question; hurriedly so that he can’t change his mind. ‘Yeah any work going? I’m skilled.’
‘Round the back. Use the side gate behind the shed.’ With his head the guard indicates the wooden prefab, that serves as an office cum tea room, and the pedestrian doorway beyond. Eddie realises that this entrance is effectively camouflaged by the excess of foliage that covers the perimeter fence. 
‘I’m skilled -.’ Eddie starts to repeat but he’s interrupted.
‘I don’t need to know what you can and can’t do. You go round to the receiving bay. Round the back and ask for human resources. Brian’s on door. He’ll say if we’re hiring today.’
‘Thanks, Mate,’ Eddie calls as he races in the directions he’d been given. He can’t wait to see the look on Sam’s face when he turns up with a job. He tells himself that he’ll accept anything. Anything at all. Any job going just as long as it will tide him over until he finds something good. ‘Anything,’ he tells himself aloud as he approaches the massive, shuttered but open door of receiving bay number nine of the “Uppermarket” shopping experience.
Through the open shutters Eddie can see a small hunched figure sat reading the Racing Post and apparently not noticing anything. Eddie watches as his bent fingers dither and the paper sways. He notices the bent back as the man tries to straighten up but can’t and the shock of grey hair that tumbles across his face as he looks up. Eddie guesses that he’s the night watchman; he looks old enough. 
‘Afternoon, Gramps?’ Eddie calls, before starting to walk through the opening that’s been left by the raised shutter.
‘Round the side,’ the man demands; his mid European accent sounding thick with anger and hostility.
Eddie’s taken back by the tone and resonance of his voice. It’s a lot younger and stronger than he’d expected it to be. Without thinking he continues to walk towards him. Perhaps the man is younger than he looks. 
‘What’s up with people today?’ the man demands standing in front of Eddie and blocking his path. ‘Can’t you see the staff door to the left?’
Eddie swallows his retort, smiles at the old man and apologises as he walks backwards through the opening. He keeps eye contact with the man as he turns to his right and notices, for the first time, a door in the side.
‘Is this door okay for me to use?’ he asks pointing to it while still looking at the old man through the open shutter.
‘Yes,’ the man replies. Turning from where he’s been standing, then after momentarily vanishing from view he re-appears as he opens the staff door and address Eddie. ‘Hold it a minute.’ The man turns to watch the forklift trucks unloading at bay three; the activity that had given Eddie the courage to ask for work. ‘What you want?’
‘You Brian?’
‘What’s it to you?’ the man replies; his accent running the words together as he speaks.
Eddie notices his eyes. They send shivers up his spine. He’s seen eyes like those before; they’re the eyes of psychopaths, cold, empty and devoid of all emotion. 
‘Man on the front gate told me to come and ask if you’re hiring today?’
‘Come through.’ He stands back to allow Eddie to step past him.
Eddie looks in amazement at the size of the receiving area, the height of the stacked goods, the lack of other people and he quickly counts the thirty fork-lift trucks recharging in the docking bay. ‘I can drive them.’ He tells the man as he’s led into an office behind the receiving bay.
‘Save it for HR. Can you read?’
‘Yes,’ he replies indignantly. The one thing being in prison’s good for is improving your basic skills. He thinks this but he doesn’t vocalise his thoughts.
‘Then sit there and fill this in,’ he hands Eddie an application form.
Groaning Eddie takes the form and wonders how to phrase his request.
‘You start on that and I’ll get someone from the office to see you. You look as if you’ll be able to unload a lorry.’ 
He gives Eddie a look that Eddie isn’t happy about. He knows that look; it smacks of distrust. Eddie looks at the form, then glances down at his fingers and then stares intently at the biro in his right hand as the old man leaves him alone. He knows that there’s no point. As he stands up to leave he notices that the staff entrance door, the one he’d just come through, is open. Brian is standing holding it ajar for some young woman! His type.
He groans wondering why all the women have to be his type. He knows that now he’s seen her she’ll not be a stranger to his night-time fantasies. He likes women in business suits; especially if they have jet black hair which they wear loose, allowing it to fall over their faces when they look down, and especially if they use tiny glasses just as this one does. He groans and is glad that he’s got anti-fit jeans. Right then tight ones would have caused him some embarrassment and plenty of pain. 
Her high heels click on the concrete floor they’re as crisp as her yellow blouse and tone of voice. 
‘Lieu of notice? You’ve got a cheek. Stealing from -.’
A voice, from a young man of his own age, height and build draws his attention. A cursory glance at the man and then Eddie focus back on the woman.
‘You can’t prove that,’ the man remonstrates with her. 
‘Stealing from us -.’ she starts again.
‘You can’t prove a thing,’ he says pushing his hands in the pockets of his jeans and scuffing his trainers against the door. ‘If you could you’d have called -.’
‘Just be grateful I didn’t call the police. Is that one of our shirts?’
‘Here you fucking cow,’ he releases the top two buttons as he speaks and removes the shirt over his head. ‘Take it,’ and he flings the unwanted garment to the ground by her feet.
‘You signed a contract in which you agreed to return your uniform to us clean and pressed.’ She stops talking as he put his hands on his hips and glares at her. ‘Okay, because of your failure to comply with your contract of employment, we will be forced to deduct the cost of the shirt from your final wage,’ she adds before kicking the offending garment, with the tip of her highly polished shoe, towards the mound of rubbish that is already piled high ready for collection. As the bare chested, now ex-employee, walks away towards Brian she calls after him. ‘And don’t expect a reference. Final salary will be in your account by the end of the week. Now, get off the premises before I change my mind an -.’ 
‘And what?’ he demands as he draws level with the open receiving doors. ‘Stuff your - .’ The slamming of the staff door cuts off the last few words of his sentence. ‘Keep your fucking job you fucking bitch,’ he complains as he walks past the open receiving bay shutters.
As the door slams Eddie shivers. He hears the heels as they click their way back across the floor; but he hasn’t registered in what direction they’re walking.
He jumps as the door opens and the young woman, he’s been watching, enters. 
‘Sit down,’ she says, her tone only a notch or two friendlier than it had been just a moment ago. ‘I’m Miss Taylor head of HR and I gather you’re a trained fork-lift operator Mr -.’ As she speaks her hand moves automatically to retrieve the application form. She glances down focusing her attention on the space where the applicant is supposed to have filled in their name. She looks shocked to see that it’s still blank. Incredulity creeps over her features as she looks at the rest of the form, turns it over, over again, turns it back to the front page and then lets it drop to the table top. ‘But you’ve not even started to fill it out!’ she notes in a very critical tone. 
‘Sorry, I was just about to when …’ Eddie struggles to find a suitable excuse. He fails. ‘That commotion drew my attention away.’
‘Your lack of focus isn’t quite what we are looking for in a driver of a dangerous piece of machinery,’ she observes with little emotion in her voice.
Feeling put down Eddie rises to defend himself. However his reply is voiced before he’s even realised that he knows such language; and it surprises him. Perhaps all that time with a psychiatrist has helped him improve his vocabulary. 
In a soft voice he notes, 'On my Fork training course I was told to be aware of everything that’s happening all around me. Even if it isn’t in the actual vicinity of the truck. As a safe driver I need to be ready to take evasive action at any moment. Dangerous situations can arise from the most ordinary events. So may I ask is sacking people, without references, an ordinary event for you, Miss Jones?'
She picks up the form, hands it back to him and says ‘I’ll give you five minutes. All I really need is your name, address, next of kin, and when you actually got your certificate. Oh and I’ll need to see the certificate. The original not a copy, before you’re allowed to drive. Until then you can use the trolley trucks to take stock to the shop floor and help the teams stacking shelves. Not afraid of heights are you?’
As she speaks Eddie completes the form; only the sections she’s asked for. He then opens his bag. If he notices her smug reaction and her difficulty in stifling her laugh he doesn’t let it get to him. He merely digs deep inside the plastic carrier and after a few moments pulls out his crumpled certificate with what he hopes is a masterful flourish. He hands it to her along with his completed form determined that he will put her in her place tonight in his fantasy. 
Without giving anything away he asks, ‘When do I get interviewed, or is this it?’ 
‘As you observed,’ she glances at the form, ‘Mr C. Streetwise, preferred name Eddie. Edward, eh? What’s the C for?’
‘Clive. But I don’t like the name so I don’t use it.’
‘Why,’ she asks unaware of the fear that this apparently innocent question is causing Eddie.
Desperately trying to hide his emotional turmoil he resorts to lying by saying, ‘It’s just that it’s a bit poncey. I like Eddie. It’s a down to earth name for a real man. So that’s the name I answer to, Miss Jones.’
‘Okay, Eddie, as you observed we’ve just lost one driver. So your turning up here was well timed. It’ll save me a call to the Job Centre. Look, we’re in a fix, when can you start?’
‘If the mone…’ Eddie trails off. 
He had wanted to be smart, impress her, demand more money. But he doesn’t even know what the going rate for the job is; let alone his own economic worth. Besides, with Sam in her present mood, he can’t afford to run the risk of losing out. Not now. Not now he’s so close. He reflects as he pictures himself going back to the flat and telling Sam that he’s actually got himself a real manly job.
‘Oh, I forgot,’ she says handing the form back to him. ‘I need references. Anyone but family members.’
His hand start to shake as he takes the form back. He looks into her eyes and watches his dreams float out of the staff entrance door. From the corner of his eye he can see Brian holding it open for an older woman who’s carrying a black apron and baseball cap. He watches as they exchanged a few words while she signs in. Eddie feels so alone and deep down he just wants to run for cover and cry.
‘Anyone but family?’ Eddie asks trying to hide his fear as he tries to buy time.
‘Yes,’ she replies standing up and waiting.
Eddie doesn’t know what to do; his instinct is to lie. Then live in fear of being found out and thrown out like that other driver. Alternatively he could confess now and hopefully be allowed to leave with some degree of dignity. That way at least she’d keep her contempt of him hidden until the door closed behind him. It’s a long walk to the dole office. He glances at the wall clock. If he leaves now he can still make it. His anger will propel his forward motion. He places the form on the table and looks into her eyes as he makes his confession.
‘Look, Miss Taylor. Sorry to have wasted your time. You see I have just come out of prison.’
‘Then you’ll need to fill in the section on past convictions, as well,’ she clips without hesitating for a moment.
‘And you’d still consider employing me?’
‘Do you want the job? Or do you want to sponge off the state, and tax payers like me all your life?’
‘I want the job. Can I give one of the screws and one of the doctors as references?’
‘Doctor? What kind of doctor?’
‘I was abused as a kid. It was the prison nu-.’ He stops talking as he considers his informal reply and then decides that in this situation he should offer a more circumspect reply. ‘The Prison Psychiatrist said that it was the childhood abuse that got me in trouble. She says otherwise I’d be an excellent member of society.’ He slightly exaggerates her description; but in the circumstances Eddie doesn’t think she’d mind. ‘Apparently it’s why I hate myself, because of what he this other man, did to me. But I’m over that now. Is that okay?’
‘And have they agreed?’
He’s unsure what they could have to agree to. But being sensitive to her body language, she’s still standing over him as if impatient to get away, Eddie smiles. ‘Yes,’ he adds, ‘it’s alright. They said it would be cool.’
‘Then put their names and address on the form and I’ll get you a uniform and badge.’
Eddie feels his heart leap. A uniform and badge. He would belong and earn money. He can’t wait to tell Sam.
‘Money. It’s basic pay until you drive the truck. It’ll take a couple of days to check your references and verify the certificate. But once that’s in order you’ll get the going rate. So do you want to start in the morning on the lower rate? Or do you want to wait until I have all the paperwork sorted?’
‘I’d like to start in the morning,’ he stammers hardly able to believe his luck.
‘Okay,’ she turns and moves towards the door. ‘Eight sharp. Tell Brian when you leave and I’ll see to it that a badge and uniform are waiting for you. What size …’ she asks looking at his body as she sizes him up for the uniform. 
Eddie feels a surge of very sexual pleasure flash over his body. He stands that little bit taller and holds his breath just that little bit longer than normal.
‘I can tell that you kept yourself fit. But with that many tattoos we’d not be able to use you on the shop-floor. Just backroom stuff.’
‘That’s okay. I just want to drive a forklift.’
‘Okay,’ she adds opening the door with her back to him.
‘Miss Taylor?’
‘Yes?’ She turns to face him her features set with impatience.
‘I’m an ex-offender, is there …’ he hesitates, ‘I mean …’ he stumbles and then gives up. ‘Thanks for the break. I appreciate it.’
‘Don’t thank me. It’s not my policy. Our owner’s an American. A big black man by the name of A.O. Lincoln. He’s an ex-con himself. The story is that someone gave him a break and he went on to make his first million. I guess it would have been a million dollars; him being an American an' all. So he set up Uppermarket, a totally new concept in supermarket shopping, and hasn’t looked back. We have a policy to employ ex-offenders when we can.’
‘Help others as he was helped?’
‘Something like that. Apparently, according to the company pep-talk, one in three men over the age of 21 has a criminal record. This way we know who they are. But I’ll tell you this,’ she leans towards him, her eyes burning into him as if he were valueless. ‘It’s company policy. Personally I think you’re all shits and if it were up to me I’d leave you to rot where you belong. So don’t bother coming the “I was abused as a kid so I need special treatment and I want to be excused for doing anything I shouldn’t,” crap with me. It may have worked in the past with your Miss …’ she looks at the name on his references, ‘…Thompson but it doesn’t work with me. I’ve dismissed too much scum like you. I know better. So I’m watching you. And you put one foot out of line and you’re out that door PDQ. Got it? You’d better had ‘cause I’m telling you this once and once only. Keep your nose clean and your hands either in your pockets or on the wheel of your Lift. Because if so much as a peanut is stolen I’ll have you out that door quicker than your predecessor. Got it?’ She doesn’t wait for an answer. Too quickly she turns, walks out and allows the door to slam shut behind her. ‘Brian, escort Mr Streetwise off the premises. He’s coming back to start work at 8 in the morning. Fill him in with the -! Shit I forgot to get his shoe size! Ask him for me will you? Then give Amy a ring to let her know. Thanks.’ 
Eddie watches to make sure that she’s out of sight before he leaves the office. He walks towards Brian and doesn’t bother to stop the smile that’s infecting his face.
‘I get shoes as well?’ Eddie asks.
‘Boots for working in. I’ll see you in the morning,’ Brian says holding the door open for him. ‘Pity you had to see and hear the other guy. Pete was okay he just didn’t settle in. Don’t take what he said to heart. It’s not too bad working here. It’s a living and we all have to make one of them.’


Chapter 5

Eddie has been at Uppermarket for a week. He’s seated in the staff canteen surrounded by the detritus of half eaten meals. Cold food congeals to the side of paper plates. Half consumed drinks are abandoned in paper cups; their fizz gently releasing bubbles into the various multi-coloured liquids that now would never be drunk.
He, as usual, is sat alone. Having elected to take his lunch break last the room is always empty by the time he arrives and the selection of vended foods severely restricted. 
The long tables are devoid of their human inhabitants; if not the actual evidence of their presence. The almost empty vending machines cast an eerie light. Eddie’s bathed first in a blue light then in green and then finally in a red light. I’ve become a human traffic light he’d thought the first time that he’d found himself alone in the staff canteen. 
Even after spending all his fifteen official breaks in the Uppermarket staff canteen he has still not got used to the smell of stale food, the eerier lighting from the machines, or that sticky feeling he always gets if his hands made contact with any of the surfaces. He hates the canteen, but being this far from town, there’s little else he can do in his short breaks. He has asked to have one long break. 70 minutes would give him time to do something useful. But his request was turned down flat. He was then instructed that the three breaks, one of 20 minutes in the afternoon, a lunch break of 40 minutes and a short morning break of ten minutes, are compulsory. He tries to take them and not return to work early; only not knowing anyone else makes this very hard. And what makes it worse is that he’d clocked-watched in prison and he really doesn’t want clock-watching to be part of his life on the outside. 
Eddie chases the contents of his pie around his paper plate. It tastes bland and nothing like the chicken pies that his dad had once cooked for the family. 
While he does glance up at it from time to time he doesn’t actually see what’s showing on the massive wall-mounted TV. He’s thinking about Sam. He’d been bitterly disappointed that she hadn’t been as proud of him as he’d expected her to be. He puts his plastic fork down and looks at his nails as he thinks about how Sam had reacted when he’d told her about getting this job. 
‘Basic wage? They're having a laugh,’ she’d said immediately deflating his ego. He’d excused himself and spent the next hour crying silently in the bathroom. The bathroom being the only place in her tiny flat were he could get any privacy. It wasn’t until Jo-Lo wanted to clean her teeth, prior to bedtime, that his absence was missed. ‘You’re a selfish bastard,’ Sam had snapped at him when Jo-Lo, having not been able to get into the bathroom, had run straight back to her crying and demanding that Eddie get out of the bathroom NOW! 
Reflecting on it, six days after the event, he has to fight the urge to burst into tears. So when a mid-European voice, that same voice that greets his arrival and departure each day with a cheery and uplifting word or two, breaks into his thoughts it takes him all his inner strength not to confess to the older man just how futile he feels his life is just now.
‘Can I sit here?’ Brian asks. ‘The pigs haven’t cleared up after themselves again. And this spot, next to you, is the only clear space.’
Eddie lifts his head and slowly looks around. ‘Shit hole, ain’t it?’
‘You mind?’
‘No Gramps,’
‘Eddie, how old you think I am?’
‘Easily a hundred?’ he replies rather disinterestedly. He turns to face the older man as he wonders if his confession will stop Brian being so nice to him.
Brian laughs, ‘Thanks, you don’t sweeten the blow do you, Son?’
‘Sorry,’ Eddie looks at him and realises that he’s misjudged him. ‘What’s your story?’
‘Why am I here? It’s a job.’
‘You got wife and kids?’
Brian looks at Eddie as if he too were wondering if he could make a confession of his own. Then shared fear and self-loathing instantly snap the potential bond. 
‘No’, he says. ‘And you? You were deep in contemplative though when I came in.’
‘Yes. Brian, can I ask your advice about something?’
‘You can ask just as long as you don’t hold the reply against me.’
‘I was in prison before I came here.’ Eddie pauses for dramatic effect and turns away. He needs Brian to be able to move away; if he wants to.
‘I know. I know everything about everyone here. Need to know basis.’ Then he adds hurriedly, as Eddie glares at him, ‘need to know. Head of security that’s me. So I need to know.’
‘I’m not proud of it. I know I did wrong, but…’ He stops talking and looks into the older man’s eyes. The blank emptiness scares him. ‘I was abused as a kid.’
‘And that’s what sent you off the rails?’
‘I don’t know. Sure my shrink said it was. But isn’t that like blaming other people. I think she called it something …’ he runs his forefingers over his forehead, on either side, as if trying to iron out imaginary creases. ‘What’s it called?’
‘A Victim Culture?’
‘That’s it. Now …?’ Eddie stops talking and looks closely at Brian. He wants to ask but something about Brian’s eyes tell him not to. ‘Yes. Well I don’t want to be a victim no more.’
Brian laughs aloud. ‘You saw the video didn’t you?’
‘You mean the one about this place and A. O. Lincoln?’
‘It’s a fairy story, Son. Sure it’s a good story. But it’s not as simple as they paint it.’
‘But A. O’s like me. Only he’s Black and I’m not. But he went to prison, got an education, some skills and then came out and made something of himself. He put his past behind him. That could be me. I mean there isn’t a reason why it can’t be me; is there?’
‘I don’t believe its circumstances that stop us achieving. If we want something then we can make it happen. No matter what’s in our past.’
‘I agree. And it’s not just because I saw the “History of Uppermarket, the A.O. Lincoln story” during my induction training yesterday. It was… what’s the word?’
‘Inspirational?’
‘Yes.’
‘Oh he’s very charismatic is our A.O.’ Brian agrees.
‘Have you met him?’
‘Yes. A few times. He’ll be here around Christmas time. If you’re still with us -.’
‘And why wouldn’t I be?’
‘No reason, unless …’ he hesitates and looks directly at Eddie, ‘…you find something better.’ 
Eddie rewards his effort and looks at him. The younger man’s eyes are as bright and hopeful as the older man’s eyes are dull and empty. 
Brian continues, ‘you’re a good worker, Eddie. And if you keep out of trouble you could do well here. They have shops all over the place and they’re always looking for good people. They run a management training courses. You could try for that. You’ve got a good brain, Eddie, use it for good.’
‘Thanks. And that’s what I mean. I want to make something of my life, but I feel as I’m being held back by events in my past.’
‘Son, the thing about A.O. Lincoln is that he’s made a fortune because he plays on the role of being an ex-offender.’
‘But isn’t that what I’m saying, Brian? I’ve got a history and I’m an ex-offender as well.’
‘And was it these events in your past that got you into trouble?’
‘Not directly, but it’s … What’s the word. They contributed to it.’
‘And you want to deal with this?’
‘It’s my dad.’ Eddie stops talking as Brian puts a fork full of food into his mouth and chews slowly. The silence forces Eddie to add, ‘Would my dad want me to contact him?’
‘I think a father would always want to see his kids. Unless there’s something you’re not telling me.’
‘I finish after lunch tomorrow and then the next day’s my day off. I was wondering if I should visit him?’
‘Does he live far away, Eddie?’
‘No. Well not that far in miles. But far, far away in …’
They both chew their food and sit in companionable silence as the TV blears the latest pop video at them.
‘You want that on?’ Brian asks nodding towards the TV and half rising out of his seat.
‘Yes,’ Eddie replies watching as Brian sinks back into his chair. ‘I wasn’t watching but it’s good to have some background noise.’
‘It blocks the thoughts?’ Brian asks.
‘It also covers any conversation that you want to keep private.’
‘Are we still having one of those conversations, Eddie?’
‘Perhaps not. I’ve made my mind up. I’m going to visit dad. You can turn it off now, if you like, or down. I don’t mind which. But I want to ask you?’ Eddie waits while Brian turns the TV off. When he walks back Eddie considers how painfully slowly the old man walks and how weary and troubled he looks. ‘Should I take a gift and, if so, what should I take?’
‘What sort of thing does he like?’
‘Meths, Brian. Well, anything really. He’s an alcoholic.’
‘Then not drink.’
‘Best not.’
‘Where does he live? How about something that would make you both a nice meal. You could share it? I bet he doesn’t eat well.’
‘That’s true. Hey, I could get the stuff from here. We sell some really special stuff.’
‘You’ve not been here long enough to have a staff card.’
‘No but -.’ Eddie turns to face him. ‘I guess I shouldn’t say this in front of you.’
‘Not if you’re going to say that someone on the staff team has offered to buy you things on their card. No, Son, you’d better not tell me.’
‘I guess I can go to the supermarket in the morning. I’m due back soon. I guess I’ll go for a fag now and then get back to work.’
‘Eddie, before you go. I’ve been meaning to ask about your surname.’
‘Yeah,’ Eddie slurs the word in an attempt to frighten Brian and stop the conversation.
‘Were you born in this area?’
‘Yeah,’ Eddie replies, again slurring the word fearful of where the conversation is going and desperate to stop it.
‘Do you have a large family?’
‘Not that I know of. Why?’
‘Streetwise isn’t that common a name, is it?’
‘I know a few. Why, Brian, you know my dad?’
‘I don’t think so.’
‘But you think you have a link with someone called Streetwise? Look if they owe you money it’s not me.’ Eddie tries to joke his way out of his deep embarrassment.
‘It could be your dad,’ Brian says.
Brian looks at Eddie who has taken the opportunity of the silence to stack his meal tray and then return to his seat. Brian maintains eye contact as if he’s trying to tell if it is safe to go on or not. 
‘It was a mother and boy child and girl child,’ Brian continues.
‘Job lot of Streetwises aren’t you the lucky one,’ Eddie quips.
‘About twenty years ago I met a Streetwise, as I said, brother, sister, dad, mum and mum’s new man.’
‘How?’ Eddie asks softly staring hard and trying desperately not to cry.
‘Well, not actually met. We didn’t get introduced and shake hands. Nothing like that. Nothing formal. In fact they didn’t meet me. But I was … They were … The boy was about four and his name was Clive Streetwise. Do you know him? Are they relatives of yours? Actually now I think of it they didn’t live in this area. The mother did with her new fella; but not the kids or their father. He lived in Durham. The mother lived here. At the time I thought it odd; that the kids were living with their dad and not their mum. I guess that’s why it struck me. Are they part of your extended family, Eddie?’
‘Could be. Are you ever going to get round to telling me how you met them?’
‘Don’t you know?’
‘I don’t like guessing games,’ Eddie snaps his voice harsher than he would have liked it to be. He stands up and prepares to leave. ‘Sorry. I don’t like looking back.’
‘This little boy, Clive Streetwise, you do know him?’
‘Could be one of my family. But you didn’t say where you met them.’
‘I hadn’t been in the country long. My English wasn’t that good so when I got the summons at first they agreed to let me off. But not for long. A year or two later I was summoned again. And this time I did my duty,’ Brian stops talking, slips the last of his food into his mouth, chews slowly and avoids looking at Eddie.
‘And where was this?’ Eddie asks; but deep down he knows that he really doesn’t want it confirming.
Standing up, turning his back on Eddie Brian carefully places his meal tray on the stacking frame. As he slowly walks past Eddie Brian whispers, as if it could have no significance at all.
‘Crown Court,’ Brian says before leaving the room.
Feeling that he’s been kicked in the stomach Eddie flees to the loo and throws up. His brain burns and his mouth tastes vile. He sticks his head under the tall cold tap at the low level cleaners sink and allows the water to splash over him. Then he turns face up to let the icy water run into his mouth. He turns the tap off. Then dog like he shakes himself. With eyes closed he staggers to the cubicles where he pulls off sheet upon sheet of loo paper on which he tries to blot dry his face. He throws the soggy mass into the loo bowl and then bending under the hand drier he presses the switch. It’s hot and burns. He decided he’ll do without. 
Taking his fags and lighter from his pockets he walks towards the main doors. He really doesn’t feel like facing Brian.
Eddie joins the queue of customers with their loaded shopping trolleys waiting to exit the store. A security guard moves forward and indicates that Eddie should step to the front of the queue.
‘Employee,’ Eddie announces removing his staff badge from the top pocket of his uniform shirt.
‘Is there a reason for you not using the staff entrance?’ the guard asks as he frisks Eddie.
‘Just come for the canteen I’ve only five minutes for my fag.’ Eddie waves the pack in the air and then stuffs both lighter and fags back in his pockets before adding, ‘look I’ve just had words with Brian. I don’t feel like facing him again just yet. You understand, Mate?’
The guard finishes his search and pronounces, ‘you’re clean. This time I’ll let you through but use the staff exit from now on. Oh and come back in that way. Words or no words. Besides Brian doesn’t hold grudges.’
‘Thanks,’ Eddie calls over his shoulder as he runs to the far corner of the car park. It feels good to flex his long legs. To feel the ground slipping away as, for two minutes, he reached his top speed of 12 miles an hour. He reaches the grassy bank under the stores massive neon sign and falls to his knees on the soft grass. It depresses on contact and then gently lifts. Eddie rolls onto his back and takes out his fags. Sitting upright he removes his packet of ten, takes out a half smoked cigarette, closes the lid, pushes the packet back into his pocket and removes his disposable lighter. He tries not to notice that his hands shake as he tries to light his cigarette.


Chapter 6

David Streetwise, dressed in filthy brown trousers, that may once have been cream coloured, a brown threadbare jumper and ripped shirt, opens the door and stands back, ‘I ain’t got no money so piss off,’ he says his eyes half closed against the gloomy daylight.
What shocks Eddie most, after the smell, is his father’s face. As the door opened it was as if a cloud of stench had escaped. Eddie feels it assault his nostrils like a physical blow. If it hadn’t been for the shock of seeing his father’s face he would have been violently sick on the door step. 
Reluctantly he steps across the threshold looking deep into the gloomy interior of the bed-sit. Without realising it he has taken in every tell-tale sign from his father’s face. The deep red colour as if all the blood vessels have simultaneously burst. His father’s massive, pitted and fluted nose with that characteristic unhealthy deep purple coloration. His bleary and watery eyes that appear as if they’re covered in an opaque liquid. Eddie fixes his eyes on the window at the far side of the untidy room.
‘That’s some greeting,’ Eddie says stepping past his father and trying not to gag at the stench as he walks into the bed-sit. He looks in vain for a clean surface on which to put his bag of groceries. Standing there, almost petrified, Eddie doesn’t know whether to run away or cry.
‘You got some drink in there, Son?’ David asks as he spots the supermarket carrier bags.
‘No. Some cold cuts and salads.’
His father rushes to his side, snatches the bags off Eddie and starts to root inside it. ‘Son, these are fresh. If you’re quick you could take them back and …’ he looks up and met his son’s eyes, ‘… get some …’ he stops talking and hands the bags back to Eddie. ‘I think you’ve come to the wrong address. Perhaps you can take your offerings and …’
‘It’s my lunch, Dad,’ Eddie says trying to repair the damage done to his father’s pride. ‘I was in the area. I was going to have it in the park. A picnic if you like. A picnic like you used to make when Sam and I were kids. And as I was passing I just wondered if you’d like to join me. I can wait until you’ve washed.’
‘I don’t …’ David walks to the window and lowers the filthy remnant of sheeting that acts as a curtain and covers the lower half of the window. He looks across at the brick wall that, in the time that he’s been in residency in this bedsit, has been built six inches from his window ledge. ‘I don’t go out. Not since.’
‘And you don’t tidy this place up either, do you?’ Eddie notices bending down to retrieve empty bottles and chip papers. ‘Is this what you live on, chips and cheap cider?’
‘When I can get it. Dole day then I’m skint for the next 13 days.’
‘And when did you last eat proper food, Dad?’
‘You mean like that stuff in your bag?’
‘Yes.’
‘Like you can only afford if you’re working.’
‘Well I am, Dad, I’m in a good job, and earning good money for a good day’s work. You should try it sometime.’
‘Role reversal that’s what this is. You know all about that don’t you?’
‘Yes we’re doing it now. I’ve read the books, Dad, seen the videos and lived the fucking myth.’
‘I don’t go with that type of language, Son.’
Eddie fights back his retort as he realises that his father has engaged with him. Even if it’s a slap-down. He smiles to himself as he realises that he’s now the adult and must allow his father his small victories. Small victories that may encourage him to answer Eddie’s questions.
David raises his head and looks into the eyes of his youngest child. ‘Okay. You say myth? You read that letter yet, Son? The one from mum.’
‘No. Dad, I need to know what happened. And as mum isn’t alive and Sam was too young I only have you to ask. You’re all I have left; the only way that I can get at the truth. And believe me coming here it really hurts. If there was any other way. Any other way, than to come here and see you looking like that and living like this, believe me I’d do it. But there isn’t. Now will you come and share my lunch with me and talk to me about it?’
‘I guess I knew you’d be round here one day. I told you I don’t go out. We can eat here I’ll clear the -.’
‘Dad, this is a shit hole. It stinks of booze, piss, sweat and rancid fat. Open that window and let some air in while we go out and eat.’
‘Son, you have your life kindly leave me to mine.’
‘Dad, she’s -.’
‘Don’t you say it? You didn’t know her. Your mother was the most beautiful woman in the world. She had a voice like chocolate, dark chocolate. And dark as the night, long hair. And a face and body to die for. She was an excellent mum and she loved all of us.’ As he speaks he clenches and unclenches his fists while he walks around the tiny room. ‘It was that bastard. He spoilt it and drove her to an early grave. But don’t you come here with your prison manners telling me how to live. I loved her,’ by now he’s standing in front of Eddie and screaming directly into his face. ‘Fuck off if you don’t like to see what’s become of me. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck.’ He adds, each fuck is said in a louder voice than the one before.
‘Dad, I didn’t come here to argue,’ Eddie adds softly. ‘I came to see if we can patch things up before it’s …’ he can’t finish what he’s trying to say. He turns away truly embarrassed as his father falls to the floor and sobs his heart out.
Eddie, standing with his back to his father, looks out of the window. His left arm is held tightly across his stomach while holding the elbow of his right arm. The forefinger of his right hand runs backwards and forwards across his mouth while his chin rests on his thumb as his head inclines slightly to the ground. 
He is motionless while he waits and listens as sobs, interspaced with words of anger, words of pain, violent words, vicious words, more sobs and then words of retribution and hate followed by more and more sobs until eventually, Eddie hopes, that the older man will fall asleep and he’ll be free to leave.
‘She was the most beautiful woman in the world was your mum. A stunner and we was so happy. We had a little pad in Brixton. I had a job in a Building Society. Didn’t pay much but we had a reduced interest mortgage and I had good prospects. She was on the tills until Sam came along. She was about to go back when out pops you. She did some shifts and we both knew she’d go back to work once we’d got you both off to school. Life oh, Clive, life was good back then.’
If David senses his son tensing at the use of his name it doesn’t stop his flow. Eddie is almost proud of himself for not interrupting and demanding that his father call him by the name that he prefers. Eddie lets the moment pass and tunes back into what his father is confessing.
‘Have you seen that picture,’ as he holds out his arm the stained and threadbare jumper rides up to reveal a soiled and ripped shirt sleeve, ‘it’s there on the table. I turn it face down so she can’t see what’s become of me. I don’t want her knowing.’ He waves his arm in the air. Eddie stands still and doesn’t turn around. ‘She was a beauty your ma was.’ He snivels and wipes his nose on his sleeve before continuing, ‘you sure there isn’t a drink in there, Son?’
‘Positive. You were saying?’
‘We found it hard to pay the bills. Two kids cost a lot more than two adults. Your mum and I could have survived on fags, cornflakes and sex. But that’s not good enough for kids. You had to have proper food and heat in the house. My wage just didn’t cover it and your mum couldn’t see that. You kids had to have things so she would go out and buy the stuff on the never-never and them let me worry about how we was going to pay for it. You had to have your own cot and a pram each. She wasn’t going to let you be seen in hand-me-downs. It had to be the best. I kept telling her that we couldn’t afford it. But she’d get the housekeeping money and blow the lot on a top or a pair of shoes. One by one we lost things, the cots, the outside furniture, the car which meant that I had to walk the five miles to work. Actually I didn’t mind that. By then I was glad of any excuse to get out of the house. With two babies your mother wasn’t fun to be with. It was the walk home I hated. So it started to take me longer and longer until one day when I came home to find him there.’ David raises himself onto one elbow. ‘I’ve some tea, Son. Would you like a cup?’ he asks his eyes glistening with tears.
‘Not just yet, Dad. You go on.’
‘Well, the last straw was when the house went. Can you imagine how embarrassing that was? My employer repossesses my home. That’s got to make you laugh hasn’t it? But it didn’t make your mum laugh. So we all four moved out and my mum who put us up for a month. Then it got too much so we moved in with her mum. That lasted a night. Then we ends up in a B&B. Son, it’s not a way to live. Okay we was young and inexperienced. Looking back I’ll admit, like she said, we was both inadequate. But we paid a hefty price. As did you kids. If we’d had help at the time none of this need have happened. Instead we went to hell in our own sweet way.’ 
He stops talking and fumbles around on the floor. He draws a sheet, from the free newspaper, that’s lying on the floor. Putting it to his face he blows his nose on it before letting it drop to the floor. He turns to face Eddie who’s repulsed by the black ink smudges all over David’s nose and hands. 
‘I loved your mum, Son, and I guess I always will.’ David sinks into silence, staring at the floor and tracing patterns with his index finger in the dust.
Eddie moves slightly in panic David shoots him a look. Eddie resumes his stance his eyes unswervingly gazing out of the dirty window.
‘It was in the B&B that I next saw him. I was coming in as he was going. I just saw the back of his head so, at the time, I wasn’t so sure. I let’s myself in and your mother is all smiles. She’s got a bag of groceries; just like you’ve brought me today. And she tells me that it’s going to be okay and that we’ll always be together. We make love for the first time in years. She’s wonderful and I love her so much that I’m prepared to believe anything. It goes on like this, your mother has moods swings and I think nothing of it. Then one day I come home you and Sam are with my mum for the day. I comes home all happy and expectant like. I’m expecting to have her all to myself for the evening and then as I step through the door she hits me. She breaks a milk bottle against the window ledge and threatens to cut my face open. I tell you, Clive, I was shit scared. I’d brown trousered myself before I’d even got out of the flat. And by the time I got to my mums I was shaking and hot and cold at the same time. I was in such a state that mum sent you two to bed so that you wouldn’t see me. She wanted to get the doctor out to see me. They did house calls in those days. But I convinced her that I’d be okay. And in the morning I was. Then I went go back to our B&B and your mum explains that she’s been having headaches and that it was one of them that caused her to go off the rails. I forgive her. You have to when you love somebody and they’re ill. I loved her so I’d always go back. And to be honest I’m embarrassed. I’m a battered husband but I can’t tell anyone. 
‘It then happens again. This time you kids are there. Sam screams and I flee with you both to my mum. I ask for a transfer to anywhere in the hope that I can start a new life. My transfer comes and I apply to the courts for you kids. Your mum doesn’t fight the case. By then she’s so dependent on drugs that she doesn’t know if she’s coming or going. It was him you see. He got her hooked on the stuff and then fell in love with her. He moved in with her and … Well they were together until the day she died. Clive, I wish things could have been different. Your mum and me so wanted to be a normal happy family. I guess she was right; we’re just inadequate.’
‘That’s twice, Dad. Twice you’ve said that some woman called you and mum inadequate.’
‘You won’t remember it, but it was the judge at the trial.’
‘This was when -.’
‘Don’t mention his name in my house! I may be a drunken asshole living in my own filth and of no use to anyone. But even I have some standards. And I won’t have that name mentioned. Especially not after what happened to you.’
‘And what did happen to me,’ Eddie whispers coming to sit on the floor next to his father.
‘She asked to see you. It did look as if she’d kicked the habit. I guess if you deal drugs you don’t want your woman snorting the profits. You’d spent the odd day with her. But this time she asked if she could have you for a holiday. I agreed a week. 
‘By then I’d been moved to Durham so contact for short periods was out of the question. He came and took you. I was angry that she didn’t come herself. But he explained that she was working. It was over the Easter holidays. I didn’t want to take Sam out of school. I guess part of me was pleased that your mum was taking going back to work so seriously. I handed you both over and then came to London a week later to pick you up. I noticed the bruising on your face as soon as you ran up to me. She said that you’d fallen in the bath. You didn’t seem concerned so I thought no more about it. On the train back I took you to the loo and noticed the other bruises. I checked you over in the bath that night. I was shocked by what I saw. So the next day I took you to see a doctor who called in the child protection agencies and then the police. 
‘It took them two years to get the case to trial. Two long fucking difficult years with that bastard allowed to roam free. Free to abuse other kids. It ain’t right. Two years when you didn’t see your mother, and two years of police, social security and the local authority sticking their noses into my life and for what? For that crappie judge and jury to get it so fucking wrong. So fucking wrong that it still makes me sick. 
‘If they had given your mum and I a fraction of all that attention when we first got into difficulties then life could have turned out so differently for us. Well for you, me and your mother. I guess Sam’s okay; isn’t she?’ 
‘She’s doing well for herself. Mikey’s a good man.’
‘I’d like to see the grandkids. Do you think …’ he looks away. His face is flushed pink as he shakes his head and mouths the words, “I guess not”.
‘Dad, how could she?’
‘Ashamed of me is that it? I know, Son, who’d want to be related to this ship-wreck of a man?’ 
‘I do, Dad. I’m here, ain’t I. Go on.’
‘Well this questioning goes on for ages. You and Sam get videoed and the police do their work slowly. As I said it took two years to come to trial. And then we come to court. It’s clear cut. That bastard has a couple of kids who don’t live with him. They testify that they hate his guts and one, the youngest, is mentally retarded or something. Mentally unstable, a screw -head, or something. And it all comes out in court that this screw-head’s been sleeping in the same bed as you and Sam. And he’s 13 and you’re but kids. And she goes to work leaving you with him and his bonkers son. Oh it all comes out in court. You and Sam get to give evidence after me. I go down there. We’re still living in Durham at that time. I go to the trial but you stay at home and have a video link. I take a day off work to make sure that they hear what happened to you. I then come home so that I’m with you two while you give your evidence. Oh it all came out and that fucking jury found the pair of them not guilty. How the hell could they look at the pictures, see the evidence and then let the bastard off? I think he got some of his heavies round to threaten them. Why else would you acquit a paedophile?’ David Streetwise stops talking and with tears streaming down his face he meets and, for the first time, holds his sons eyes. ‘I’m sorry, I was … We,’ he corrects himself, ‘we was inadequate.’
‘Says who, Dad?’
‘The judge when she let him off. She said it was a tragedy, something went wrong and there’d been no help. And that trying to repair the damage now will take a long time. If we’d had that help to start off with perhaps your mother and I wouldn’t have fallen apart. Well social services did try. But they were asking me to let my kids go to a paedophile. I don’t care what the jurors said; he did it. Who else could have? And no father could allow that. No. So we were never reconciled. She wrote to you, Sam and me the day she died. I burnt her letter; unread. I know you took yours. I’ve no idea if Sam’s read hers or not. Did you read it, Son?’
‘No.’
‘And the book?’
‘Poetry. Dad! What you take me for? I may have had another man play with my cock but it didn’t turn me. I don’t go in for that sort of stuff.’
‘That’s a shame. Your mother and I liked to read love poetry to each other. Often we’d read in the bath with masses and masses of bubbles, freshly cut lilies -. You’re mum loved lilies, the smell, the pollen stain and the purity of the flowers. We’d cut them off at the flower head and float them in the bath water so the stain didn’t matter. And we’d had tall thin candles along the edge of the bath. There we were in the tub with the candles flickering in glass holders; their light dancing with the rhythm of the words. Our breath caused the flames to flicker and dart. Occasionally we’d get too energetic and splash the water and dowse the flames. Or we’d get very excited and we managed to ruin many a good book by dropping it in the bath.’
‘Many a good book, Dad, and one son?’
‘You know, Clive, I’d not thought of it that way. Poetic justice,’ he whispers. 


Chapter 7

Eddie walks to the grave side. He has a bunch of supermarket lilies grasped between white knuckles. He places his offering, their stems crushed and weeping white sap, by her headstone. He doesn’t recognise the yellow pollen stains on the white marble. His head is lowered. He mouths words and then takes a step back. 
This is the third week. The 21st consecutive day that Eddie has been able to find time to visit her grave. Yet still his expected visitor hasn’t put in his, apparently, customary appearance. A cough brings him to the present. 
‘Clive?’ a strong male voice asks.
Eddie doesn’t turn. In this surreal moment all he can hear is his mother’s voice saying over and over again; “but he’s good with them kids. They are good kids. He’s good with them kids”. 
A chill clings to his spine and he finds that he’s unable to swallow. He contracts his throat getting ready to spit the bile out. But as it forms into a ball in his mouth he realises that this is not the place. Nor is this the time. There is no alternative. He has to swallow it. This is a final resting place where his mother lies sleeping. He can’t release his bile onto his mother’s grave. Nor can he spit it at anyone else’s. He makes an effort; concentrates on contracting the muscles in his mouth, in his throat, in his gullet. The fluid goes down and stays down. He raises his head, takes a deep breath knowing that the person who is still standing behind him hasn’t moved a muscle since he spoke that hated name.
As Eddie’s senses return to him he notices the smell. Not dissimilar to that of his father. He wants to retch but something forces him to stand and begin to turn around. 
‘These days I use my middle name,’ he starts to say as he turns. ‘I go by the name of Eddie now.’ He freezes as he looks into the eyes of the man that he has been taught to hate. The man who for five years was the lover of his mother and, he genuinely believes, his abuser.
‘Sorry. I didn’t know. I can see why you’d want to change it.’ As Ben notices the disgust, that lies magnified, in Eddies eyes he adds softly. ‘Forgive the appearance. As you can see I’ve not been as successful as you have. I spend a lot of time here,’ he nods towards the grave. ‘These days I just like sitting by her side and talking to her.’
Both men stare possessively towards the grave. Their unshared emotions are at last brought together in this place, by this moment and for this woman. They both feel that she is theirs by right. If not in life then in death they can turn her into what they need her to be. She is their rock. The engine of their strength. The reason for their choices made on their troubled path of life.
After a length silence Ben without turning asks, ‘and you, Eddie, what are you doing now?’
Eddie has to fight hard in order just to swallow. His saliva continues to multiply in the hollows of his cheeks. Fear, loathing, and the realisation that his mother truly loved this man has brought him here. To this graveside. To this moment in time. Finally after three long and painful weeks Ben Hazel is stood here by his side in the flesh. 
At last it is happening. The meeting that he has tried to engineer ever since that awful meeting with his father. A meeting that he truly believes he had wanted more than anything else. But now that Ben is within striking distance of his powerful fists he can’t talk. All he wants to do is run away. Get away. Leave. Go. Move. Flee. Anything. Do anything. Yet Eddie feels glued to the spot. Emotions bombarded him. His head and mind spin throwing off all reason. He stands at his mother’s grave, her lover, his abuser just inches away. He can’t comprehend his own feelings. He’d expected that he’d want to lash out. Yet, here and now, all he wants to do is run away. Get out of sight and smell of the man. Because, deep down, he knows that if he doesn’t then there’s a very strong possibility that he will throw himself into his stinking arms and blubber like a baby. 
There’s nothing. It’s all just too painful. In order to manage his emotions Eddie has to keep his feeling buried, deep, deep down. As deep down as his mother’s slender body is now reposing. She lays sleeping; blissfully unaware of his pain and his hurt and his grief and his anger and his resentment. All the emotions that Eddie feels he alone has the right to own. Eddie looks up; ideas like that are not helpful. He and Ben have now met. Not by accident; but by design. His design. The next move is his to make. 
Eddie would have loved to have hit Ben. Punched him and then kicked the living shit out of him. But the bastard that he’d grown up hating isn’t this down-at-heel wreck of a man. No. What’s stood in front of him now is merely a shadow that he won’t allow to torment him any longer. This shadow’s nothing more than a tramp stinking of piss and fags. This is a creature to be pitied. Not one that a real man could take revenge on. 
Eddie looks at his filthy rain coat, the cut above the knee shorts that could once, in a previous life, have been a pair of classy grey slacks. The torn 1994 Cider Festival T-shirt that was once white but is now grey and faded. Eddie takes it all in and then rests his eyes on Ben’s feet. They’re bloodied, stained and bruised as his feet are clad in cardboard soled sandals that are held together by mattedqq and soiled garden string.
Without looking up from the grave Ben starts talking. ‘I loved her, Eddie. She was my life. When she went from this earth to where she sleeps now everything I loved went with her. I have nothing and no one to live for. If I’d have had the guts then I’d have taken the easy way out and joined her in her coffin. I guess I’m weak and inadequate. Just like she said I was.’
‘I guess you’re talking about the judge and not mum?’
‘Yes. She called us all inadequate, your mum, your dad and me. I guess we all…’ he looks away. ‘It’s right, you know, that poem. Did you read her letter? Or the book of poems that she left with it?’
‘I don’t want excuses.’
‘We were found not guilty.’
‘Dad says you got off because you bribed, or threatened the jury.’
‘How could I? I’d never met them. And we didn’t get to know who they were. Okay you hear their names read out in court once or perhaps twice. But it’s not enough to be able to trace them.’
‘Not even if it would stop you going to jail, Perv? We had some pervs on the wing. I know what happened to them when the screws turned their backs. Which they often did. In fact I took part. Gladly. Willingly. Happily. Oh yes I took part. I’d have been hacked off if I’d been left out. No way, Mate. I wasn’t going to be left out of teaching them pervs a lesson. Now, Ben Hazel, lover of my mother why you think that is? Why should I hate pervs with a driving passion?’
‘Eddie, please, it happened as your mum said it did. In the letter.’
‘I said I didn’t read it. And I didn’t.’
‘Eddie, it was her only way to reach out to you. Read it, for her sake, please.’
‘Do you remember any of them?’ Eddie asks ignoring his appeal.
‘Them?’
‘The jurors? Do you remember what any of them looked like? After all you owe your freedom to them.’
‘Freedom? Is this freedom?’ he holds out his arms to show how ragged and unkempt he is.’
‘I’m not the right person for you to come to looking for sympathy.’
‘I wasn’t asking for sympathy. Just an opportunity to tell you the truth.’
‘As you see it.’
‘As your mother and I saw it.’
‘Okay. Tell me about the jurors. What you remember about them?’
‘Let me see,’ he looks away into the far distance as he thinks back. ‘There was an older man, grey hair and blank eyes. I saw him looking at me once and it made my flesh crawl. I think he wanted to see me hung. Right there in the town square. Preferably with a baying crowd taking pictures. There was an upper class toff, a woman in her late thirties, blond, bit of a looker. But even she couldn’t hold a candle to your mother.’
‘Cut the crap. The jury describe them to me.’
‘The two I’ve mentioned. Plus three young men who were not much older than I was at the time. I remember thinking that under different circumstances they looked like the type of blokes I’d go down the pub with. Yet here they were judging me; and by the look on their faces they’d already decided I was guilty. There was a Black woman and an Indian man. To be honest the rest didn’t register with me at all. Is this why you’ve come, to talk about the trial?’
‘I’m here because this is my mother’s grave.’
‘And each time you visited you asked the ground staff if anyone else came to be with her. And when they said that I came they said that you asked if there was any pattern to my visits. I guess they told you that I was here every day from opening to throwing out time.’
‘Why you ask questions about me?’
‘I needed to know…’ he shakes his head and stops talking
‘Know what?’ Eddie demands.
‘I needed to know if you came because you wanted to be alone with her. I felt that if that was the case then I would keep my distance. Then when you kept coming back I wondered why you really came.’
‘She was my mother.’
‘And my life. I sit here all day with her. Where else would I want to be? But you, you sit and fidget for a few minutes and then you leave.’
‘I have work to do.’
‘She’d be pleased to know that.’
‘Don’t tell me what she’d be pleased about. I’m her son remember?’
‘How could I forget? So you’ve come for her. Sorry I’ll go. The staff said that they thought you’d come to …’ As he looks around he spots some loose pollen on a chip and stoops to brush it off. 
Eddie admires the care that he takes in cleaning her grave and then remembers those long elegant fingers as they bathed him. Fingers now stained, thick and ugly. These are not the fingers that he has pictured around his penis. Hurting him. Hitting him. Pinching him. He looks away.
‘Do you want me to leave you alone with her?’
Eddie shakes his head.
‘Mind if I stay a while?’
Eddie shrugs.
‘Want to talk?’
Eddie shakes his head.
‘Did you want to see me?’
‘I may have. Just out of curiosity.’
‘You asked all five staff the same question about me once a week for the last three. You’ve been coming here as if looking for…’ he trails off and looks at Eddie before resuming, ‘…if not for answers then for someone. And, as I said I decided that that someone was me. Up to now I’d left you alone in case that’s what you wanted. But you kept coming back and looking as if you’d not found what it was that you were looking for. So I decided I was what you was looking for. And once I decided that -.’
‘Why should you think that?’
Very softly Ben observes, ‘I left you alone the first week. You came every day. You’d look at the grave. Put fresh flowers at the head. Remove the bunch that you’d brought the previous day. They’d not be dead but you’d remove them just the same. You’d sit on the grave as you’re doing now. But all the time you’d be looking around. As if expecting someone else to turn up.’
‘She did have other children.’
‘Yes, Sam. But no one came. It was just you. Then the next week you did the same thing. And once again I kept out of your way. It’s Thursday today and you’ve been here every day for almost three weeks,’ Ben recounts his voice low and soft.
‘She’s my mother,’ Eddie snaps.
Softly, barely audible, Ben replies, ‘and yet she’s been dead five years and you out of prison for three months. So why now I wonder? And as I didn’t have the answer I decided to show myself and see if it’s me that you’re looking for. Because if it is, then, you’ve found me. If not I’ll just slip away and leave you to -,’ his voice becomes lower and softer as he speaks.
Eddie feels a pain that’s so great that it’s almost a physical blow and before he knows what he’s doing or thinking he’s screaming at Ben.
‘Fuck off! Just fuck off.’ The noise breaks the spell and the silence of the graveyard. Eddie’s unaware as he continues his screaming. ‘Walk out on me again would you? You fucking bastard?’ As Eddie screams he bends over doubling his body to get as much power into his voice as possible. The words yelled he straightens his back and meets Ben’s eyes. 
The shock is obvious on both their faces. Eddie stands with his mouth open. He’s unable to prevent the tears as they pour down his three year old face and stain the cheeks of the man that he has become.
Ben Hazel stands at the other side of his lovers grave looking at her son and fearing for his own safety. He cannot run away. He has nowhere safe to run. And even if he had he cannot out-run this athletic younger man. He doesn’t say anything for a while. His head is lowered. Yet he watches the younger man as his fight for his composure. 
‘If you want we could arrange to meet later,’ Ben offers his tone conciliatory. His gesture is genuine as he reminds himself that this is the child of the woman that he still loves.
‘I don’t know,’ Eddie replies looking anywhere but at Ben. In truth he doesn’t know where the outburst came from or why he said it. Even Miss Thompson, the prison shrink, hadn’t got that reaction from him. And, it had seemed to Eddie that, she had taken great pleasure in lighting his very short “blue touch paper” and watching, with clinical detachment, some spectacular explosions. Eruptions that shocked him and frightened the child that still hides within the man. 
Ben watches; recognises the little boy that he’d genuinely liked and, over time, had come to love. He notices the way that his nose still wrinkles when he screams. Just as it had done all those years ago in his tiny flat in Tooting. He also knows that Eddie is scared; he has that same “keep your distance” stance that he had as a toddler. Ben’s heart goes out to him. To the child and to the man as they both stand, as if naked, before him.
Eddied is scared. In the past he’d have denied such a sissy emotion. But Miss Thompson has worked with him until he’d been forced to recognise it. And in all fairness to her she has also taught him some useful coping strategies designed to stop him from lashing out. Only while they worked inside and with her he is too scared to try them out in this explosive situation. He needs to get away. Being this close to his past is “doing his head in”. He takes a step away from the grave and looks down at the final resting place of his beloved, if flawed, mother.
‘Just say when and where’ Ben offers gently turning to leave, ‘and I’ll be there.’
‘Here and now,’ Eddie says dropping to the grave. He runs his fingertips across the stone and traces her name and date of death.
‘What do you what to know?’ Ben asks settling himself on the opposite side of the grave while looking away and deliberately keeping his back turned towards Eddies.
‘The story of my life and why you did it?’
‘Honestly, Clive, sorry, Eddie, I didn’t do anything.’
‘Liar,’ he screams his face contorted with pain as he bangs his fists into the headstone. ‘Liar, liar, liar.’
‘Eddie, you can hurl abuse at me all you want. I was inadequate. But I honestly didn’t cause any of the marks on your body. And I certainly didn’t sexually abuse you. And Eddie,’ he adds in a firmer tone as he realises that Eddie is starting to stand up and appears as if he is preparing to leave. ‘I think that you know that I didn’t do anything. Deep down inside you; you know that the jury was right. And that I was innocent of all the allegations that your father made against me. You must know that; or you’d not be here.’
Eddie slumps to the grave and busies himself brushing of a fine yellow dust that’s settled over the marble chipping. He doesn’t realise it’s the pollen from his flowers. He picks up and then throws away a few dead leaves and up-roots a single, tiny, weed. Then he finger-combs the chippings that cover her final and what he truly hopes is, for her, a safe resting place. He is so engrossed in his activity that he’s unaware that Ben’s turned to watch him.
The grave tidy, the stones neat and Eddie’s breathing back to normal Ben asks, ‘are you up to this, Eddie?’ His eyes fix on the younger man. Eddie nods. ‘I’m happy to come back when it suits you because we do need to talk. Well I need to talk and you need to listen. Can you do that now?’ Again Eddie nods. ‘Or do we need to meet again?’
‘No get it over with,’ Eddie demands between clenched teeth.
‘I brought you both to my flat in Tooting from Durham. Actually I had two hours alone waiting to pick you up and I wandered around. It was a great city and I would have liked to have taken you both back so I could have had another look. Actually I’d have liked to show it to your mother. But I didn’t have the cash. I walked there the year your mother died. My penance if you like. I walked to the where your dad and you had lived. It was empty. Due for demolition. So I slept in the garden. Under a mound of earth. It was cold. And then I walked all the way back here. It’s the longest that she,’ his head inclines automatically towards the grave, ‘and I have been apart since she died. But you don’t want to know that. Remember I brought you and Sam to London on the bus? I had sandwiches and a thermos and soft drinks. We didn’t have enough money for the train or fancy meals during the journey. And there was your dad with enough cash to take you both back on the inter-city and feed you from the buffet. I was so envious. I’d have loved to have been able to afford that as well. But I couldn’t and there was an end to it.
‘Besides we enjoyed the bus. You and Sam sat together then when one of you fell asleep the other one would come and sit with me. We’d talk about what we were going to do, your mother and your future. I predicted good careers and lots of trips between London and Durham. Got that wrong didn’t I? Still. It was easy with you and I. Sam and I didn’t get on as well. And to be honest, while I liked you, you could be a little brat. I know your mother told everyone how wonderful you were, “such loving siblings” she’d say. But that’s just not true. Sam hit, punched and bit you. You clobbered her and for a little fellow you had a powerful right hook. You was always arguing. And to be honest I’d had no dealings with kids your age who were continually fighting. So I left it to your mother. But she didn’t know what to do and she couldn’t admit that she was out of her depth. So she pretended that everything was fine. And so the week went on with you two fighting, your mum crying and my youngest, Paul, dossing on the couch. He was due in court the following week and didn’t want to be left alone or go back to the verbal abuse from his mother. It was a volcano waiting to burst. 
‘You know Sam was a right little madam. She’d hit you and then when you hit her back she’d cry and come running to your mother. Eddie, I don’t mind telling you that that it was the worst week of my life. I was just looking forward to you both going back to Durham and having your mother all to myself again. But I stuck at it for her sake. Actually you were both okay outside. In the park you could run around and play. You kept out of her way while Sam enjoyed showing off without her cute little brother stealing the limelight. Do you remember the piggy backs on my shoulders?’ He pauses and looks at Eddie who, unbeknown to Ben, is having another piggyback memory of his own. Ben continues, ‘on your own you were a great little fella. And Sam, on her own, was a darling little girl. But together you’d scream the place down and fight like cat and dog. That night -. I know that this is the part you want me to get to; but I have to work up to it. Since it happened I’ve gone over and over it again and again in my mind. And all the time I keep asking myself what could I have done differently? How could I have prevented it?’
‘And your answer?’
‘It happened as we said it happened in our evidence to the police. Evidence that the expert witness, for the prosecution, said could be true. And he was right because that is how it happened. I’m not proud of this; but it is the truth. When you trapped yourself you screamed and I told your mother to leave you to it. You and Sam were in the bath together. I said to your mother to let you both, for once and for all, just fight it out and get it over with. I said that she was pandering to you both and that for your own good it had to stop. She snapped at me, it was nearing the end of your stay, and she was very tired. 
‘But you continued to scream. God that sound still goes through me. It was like a trapped animal. Piercing’s not the word. Your mother went into the bathroom and came back holding you. You were red on your dick, around your legs and your face was coming up a beauty. I asked what Sam had done to you and your mother said that you had fallen and trapped your manhood down the broken side of the bath. She swore at me. Told me that it was my fault ‘cause I was a lazy bastard for not getting the landlord to fix the bath. She screamed that she’d told me that it would be dangerous when you kids were around. And she accused me of shirking my responsibility. She screamed at me telling me to piss off. And all this was in my own flat and in front of my own 13 year old boy. I knew that it was her frustration, anger and disappointment talking. And that we hadn’t been the perfect family that she’d wanted us to be that week. But it pissed me off I can tell you. I’d given up my bed, welcomed two warring kids to my small four roomed flat and here I was being accused of not taking my responsibilities seriously. To be honest I’d had it and I stormed off to the pub and only came back when Nancy – you remember Nancy, do you?’
‘No.’
‘She lived next door. She came in sometimes when both your mother and I were at work. It didn’t happen often. Perhaps twice or three times at the most. Well your mother asked Nancy to sit with you while she went to work. As soon as she was gone Nancy called the pub and told me to come home and take care of you both. So I did. After all it was your mother who’d sworn and insulted me not you kids. You may have caused the argument but I’m sure you didn’t mean to. Then the next day you were very quiet as was Sam. Your mother and I thought it was because you were going home.’
‘So it was an accident?’
‘Not all. The dick injury and your face yes. Pure accident. But I admit I did give you a slap or two. As I said you’d been a brat and besides you’d piss in the bed. Your mother and I had given up our bed for you two and here it was pissed in. We couldn’t afford a new mattress. So I did, once or twice, hit you. Actually I once put you over my knee and spanked your little bottom until it was red. I hadn’t realised that Sam was watching. I felt sick afterwards. I did apologise to you and we talked about it the following day. The four of us. But honestly that was the only time.’
‘And I’m to believe this?’
‘Eddie, please believe me I am not a child abuser. Okay it looked bad. But most of the marks on your body I’d not seen before the police showed them pictures to us. In fact I told the police that you’d had a mark on your dick and the face and a bite mark on the arm. I reckoned that the rest had been put there by your dad to make it worse for your mother and me. He never liked me and I never liked him.’
‘And you’re saying my dad would use a child against you?’
‘At the time, Eddie, yes. That’s what I thought because I know that your mother and I didn’t make those marks. So someone else had to have done it. And the field of opportunity was very narrow.’
‘And I’m supposed to believe this?’
‘You know, Eddie, you and I actually got on very well that week. Especially when we were alone. But, Eddie, there’s on the one hand the truth as you’ve come to believe it; and on the other hand the truth as I’ve come to believe it. On your mother’s grave that’s what I believe happened. And, Eddie, you must make your own decisions, your own choices, both the right and the wrong ones. I’m going now. But I think you know my routine if you want to re-establish contact. Perhaps if we ever meet again we can shake hands.’
Eddie thinks for a moment and then looks up, a question forming on his lips, but Ben Hazel had already been swallowed up in the time soaked mist of the invisible.


Chapter 8

The pub is noisy. The crowd push forward as if the drinks were on offer at half price. Or perhaps it’s that the competition to drink, more than anyone else, had just got really serious.
Eddie, two empty pint sleeves in his hand, forces his way to the bar. He manages to get within one person deep of the overcrowded bar area. As he shoves, and is shoved from all sides, he realises that this is as far as he is going to get. 
Into the air he calls, over the heads of a group of city slickers who are hanging round the bar area, ‘some service here would be nice.’ Nothing happens the group don’t part or even appear to notice him. He turns to the group and asks, ‘can I get to the bar? I’d like some service.’
‘Don’t we all,’ one of the group answers as they all fall into childish giggles as if this is the best innuendo they’ve ever heard.
Eddie plants both feet on the firmly ground then with the glasses clutched firmly in one hand he thrusts his arm through the crowd and waves it in the air. 
‘Well excuse me,’ one of the group says in annoyance.
‘Don’t mind me,’ Eddie replies meeting his gaze. ‘But, honestly, what you expect a man to do when you hog the bar area.’
‘A polite -.’
A pretty but overly self-assured twenty something interrupts, ‘leave it, Damien, he’s not the …’ she stops talking as Eddie throws her his most contemptuous stare. But the group still don’t make way for him.
Eddie feels the glasses being taken from him as a thickly accented New Zealand female voice asks him if they’re dead.
‘Yes,’ he says into thin air, ‘But I’ll have two the same.’
‘Both bitter?’ the unseen voice asks, her heavy accent making him think of all those faraway places that he’s not seen and wonders if he ever will.
‘Yes.’ Eddie realises that paying for and retrieving the beer, without spilling it, will be harder than actually ordering it. He quite likes the idea of spilling it all over these posh toffs. But then he’d have to punch them for making him waste his beer to make it really worth in. 
The sound of two glasses being placed on the bar precedes a female voice, that he now recognises, as she asks, ‘six pound thirty-eight, please.’
Again Eddie baulks at the price. That’s more than he earns in an hour. His embarrassment, coupled to a sense that he’s being ripped off, urge him forward and he barges through the group to stand triumphantly at the bar. He flourishes his last twenty pound note, as if there were plenty more where that came from, and waits for his change. He ignores the comments from the be-suited group. He takes a deep sip from one of the glasses, turns, looks directly ahead of himself and walks, without stopping or hesitating, in a straight line back to the beer garden. Without deviating from his chosen path he walks over bags, straps, briefcases, coats and (best of all) highly pampered and bare feet in flimsy designer sandals.
Once outside he joins Brian at a quiet corner table in the smoking section. He puts one of the beers in front of him and the other by the empty space. Then he swings his left leg over the wooden bench before lowering himself onto the hard cold seat.
‘Brian, why did you pick this place?’
‘It’s been my local for as long as I’ve been drinking beer in this country. It’s changed recently. They built offices a while back,’ he indicates the multi-storey modern block, all chrome and glass that’s leased at exorbitant prices to firms that employed Hooray Henrys and Henriettas. ‘It’s a pity; but they keep a good cellar so I keep coming back.’
‘By that if you mean they serve a good pint I agree with you there. It’s a good pint.’
‘Eddie, I’m not stupid. You’ve not offered to take me out for a pint because you like the company of an old man.’ He silences the would-be interruption by the look in his eyes and a commanding tone to his voice. ‘And to be honest, while it’s quiet here now, this garden will soon be heaving just like the bar. That lot in there are the juniors. And they finish at five. The middle managers will be along between six and seven. Then the senior managers will arrive after nine. So, if you want to talk privately, you’d better get on with it. Besides, I’m an old man and this is the second pint you’ve bought me so, I’ll be needing the loo soon. So let me start you off. You’ve seen your dad and you went to your mother’s grave where you met her lover. Do you want to take it from there? You know that you can tell me as much or as little as you want. I don’t shock, not with my life, nothing can shock me.’
‘I think I’ve told you all that I want to say. Except,’ he hesitates to take a long drink from his beer. Returning the glass to the table top he glances at Brian and then looks up at the office block. An inconsequential thought occurs to him. ‘Is that why they call them office blocks?’
‘What’s that, Son?’
‘They call them office blocks because they block the sun off the likes of you and me.’ He takes another sip as they both shiver, imperceptibly. Having first arrived in bright sunlight they’re now sitting in deep shade.
‘We can go over there,’ Brian indicates the one remaining table that’s still in full sun.
Eddie looks up at the sun as he calculates. ‘It’ll be in shade soon enough. You happy here?’
‘Yes. I’ve got a coat I can put on. But you’re in jeans and your work shirt. Aren’t you cold?’
‘I’ve got my hate to keep me warm,’ Eddie replies, deliberately misquoting the title of a song that he’d once had to learn for a school play.
‘No, Son, that’s not right. Eddie, my lad, don’t let the hate eat you up. And before you try and interrupt me again. On this I know what I’m talking about. I’m forty seven and I had jet black hair until one night seventeen years ago. It was the night that I fled my country and came here to live. Overnight I became a stateless old man. But I don’t talk about it. You see I’ve not let them win. Hate lets them win. You must learn that.’ He stops talking and drinks half the contents from his pint glass. 
While he drinks Eddie is silent. Since he started at Uppermarket, almost ten weeks ago, Eddie has felt drawn to Brian. As he watches him drink he wonders if they have both had something bad happen to them in their past. Could there be some pain or unresolved incident that somehow emotionally links their spirits? He calculates that he’s only twenty years younger than Brian. For the first time, since he’s come out of prison, he feels superior to another human. He vows, there and then, that no matter what happened in his past there is no way that he’s going to let the abuse, that he suffered, have as drastic an effect on his life as apparently Brian is allowing his tragedy, that he suffered, have on him. 
‘So what you want from me that’s worth over three hours pay?’
‘When my mom and Ben were sent to trial it was held here, in London, and, Brian, I think you were on that jury.’
‘So do I.’
‘The jury that found them not guilty, Brian.’
‘That’s the one, yes.’
‘And yet you saw the pictures?’
‘Yes.’
‘And?’
‘Eddie, it’s not like that. It wasn’t actually a not guilty verdict. Well okay it was; but it wasn’t. If you get my meaning.’
‘No. To be honest I don’t.’
‘Then let me tell you how it happened, in my own way, and without interruptions. I heard the evidence. I saw the witnesses. And I was sad for all of you. But you must remember that I was very new to this country. While I’d taught English in my home village it was still a second language to me. So it was all very difficult.’
‘Can you tell me anything? Anything at all?’
‘I can do two things for you. The first is this; I can tell you everything about the trial as I remember it. But you must allow me to say it as I experienced it. As a series of experiences. And you mustn’t interrupt me while I do it.’
‘And the other thing?’ Eddie asks, aware that the old man has offered more than Eddie had been expecting him to. He flushes, slightly, he has to stop thinking of Brian as an old man; he’s only a couple of years older than Ben had been when his mother had died.
‘We’ll come onto the second thing in a moment. For me we need to start at the beginning. The jury duty was difficult for me. I’d been in the country only a couple of years and it was all new and difficult.’
‘As a foreign national how come you got called?’
‘Because I wasn’t a foreign national I’d got British citizenship. How I got it isn’t … Well it’s not … Eddie, that’s my story and we’re not talking about me we’re talking about you. As I was saying it was very difficult. You get taken here there and everywhere. People call you either by name or by jury number. It was too confusing. And I often found that I was where I shouldn’t have been most of the time. And when I was in the right place, at the right time, as soon as they called me I’d have to go to the loo.’ He stops taking and smiles as he takes a dainty sip from his beer. ‘I can sense your impatience. You just carry on supping your beer and let me tell this my way.’
‘I can see I’ve no other choice,’ Eddie says with a genuine smile on his lips.
Brian looks at Eddie and sees the smile and an inner warmth spreads thickly inside him. 
‘As I was saying it was difficult. So I was grateful when one of the other jurors befriended me. She spoke my language. Not well. And not as well as I spoke English. But it was good to hear the old words again. Made me feel ...’ he hesitates. ‘I guess it made me feel safe. And by the second week she was helping me all she could. We were selected for a case. Armed robbery. She and I were of the opinion that the prosecution hadn’t proved, beyond all reasonable doubt, the case but the rest of the jurors didn’t agree with us. 
‘She said afterwards that it was like being in a film that she’d seen. I didn’t know what she was talking about. So a little later on she took me to see it at one of those art house cinemas. It was very good. Starred someone called Ford. Gerald Ford. Or was that the American President? I forget. Still it doesn’t matter. I think the film was called Twelve Angry Men. Something like that. In the film the hero has to show his fellow jurors the error of their decision. They all want to return a guilty verdict. So he needs to persuade them that they’re wrong and that the kid is innocent. He does it. Turns them all to his point of view. But that’s a film and this was real life. And for us it wasn’t such a happy ending. We couldn’t persuade them. We returned a majority verdict and the poor kid got sent to jail. She and I felt bad about that. That was the second week of our two week jury service. She and I went off to the pub and cemented our bond. Then the next day we were selected for your trial.’ He stops and looks at Eddie. ‘I know that it wasn’t you who was on trial. But that’s how I think of it. As it being your trial. For me it was you who was needing justice. So the events that followed, to my way of thinking, should have been solely to provide you with the justice that was rightly yours. So for me it was your trial. Well I was part of that jury as was Candida which was really helpful. 
‘The first day not a lot happened. We were selected, sworn in and then let go. Candida took me for a drink and then out to lunch to explain what was happening.’ 
While Brian speaks Eddie stares at the ground. Unexpectedly Brian’s relaxed story-telling style suits him. He’s able to tune in and out on key words or phrases while watching the other drinkers and thinking how this story fits in with what the others have told him. 
‘It’s all the hanging around,’ Brian continues. ‘The first day we did nothing and got sent home at three. The second day we did nothing until 11. Then we were called to court and Candida and I were selected and sworn in. As I’ve said before. Then at 12 o’clock we were dismissed for the day. That’s when we had lunch. The next day we arrived at 10 as instructed and actually got to court at 11.45 and to my surprise the prosecutor started right away. Right there and then he laid out his case. He hinted at some of what he called the defendants excuses. And then right at the start; without warning he gave us those pictures to look at. Pictures of you and the marks on your body that he claimed were made by your mother’s lover as he physically and sexually abused you.’
‘And what were they like?’ Eddies fear spurs him to interrupt.
‘The photographs?’
‘Yes.’
‘Bad, painful for a little boy of two. But I’ve seen worse,’ Brian adds his voice soft and far-away.
‘Bad? In what way?’ Eddie selfishly asks.
‘The face was nasty a scratch and scabbing with bruising around the eye. Then all over your little body were a series of smaller marks. To be honest with you, Eddie, I wasn’t convinced that they weren’t the result of a little boisterous play. The thing that really concerned me was the mark to your penis. But the rest I wasn’t sure at all about. As I said I’ve seen worse.’
‘But my dick did have a mark.’
‘Yes. Later on the expert witness described it as a pinch mark. But it was there on the tip with a few other small bruises around the shaft and between your legs. I don’t want to make it less than it was. But on the other hand I don’t want to make it worse than it was. To me it was obvious that someone hadn’t looked after you properly and our role was to find out who and why? 
‘Your father was the first witness. He spoke about you being a quiet child. He claimed that you didn’t have any marks on your body when you left home. He said that he was shocked when he saw you at Kings Cross. He talked about the mark on your penis. Of how he found it when he took you to the loo. I listened to his words and watched your mother and her lover. She was a very beautiful woman. Tall, graceful and in other situation she would have stood out in any crowd and turned many heads. But she sat in the dock, her eyes red and swollen and her arms around Ben. He also cried. They looked so frightened. As I guess they had every reason to be. Your father was convincing. At one stage he asked not to be shown the pictures of your injuries. At that point I could tell that my fellow jurors were on his side. He said of the pictures, that he didn’t need to see them again, because they were indelibly printed on his mind.’
‘Did he use that word? The one you just said, indelibly?’
Brian thought back, ‘Yes, I believe so. He was quite the proper manager. He’d risen in the ranks and was now a lower middle manager for a building society. He came dressed in a neat black suit, with a white shirt and dark shoes.’
‘You remember what he was wearing?’
‘Oh yes. I remember that. And I’ll tell you for why. The previous trial, the one I’d been on with Candida, the one where we couldn’t change the mind of our fellow jurors. The reason that the other jurors gave for their decision was how the defendant and the star witness had been dressed. The star witness wore a business suit, shirt, tie and polished shoes. Whereas the poor defendant, he’d come dressed in clean and well-tailored trousers, an open necked shirt and a leather jacket. It was all very expensive and all very well made, but not a suit, so they said that it showed disrespect to the court ergo he was guilty.
‘So your Dad turned up in his suit while your mum wore a pretty blouse, with long sleeves and a high neckline. And both she and Ben wore clean jeans. I remember that Ben had a light blue shirt on under a very thin jumper. Well when I saw them I thought that they needed better sartorial advice. You see six of the people from the previous jury had also been selected for this trial. So I knew that, dressed as they were, your mum and Ben hadn’t got a chance; that is if they wanted justice. 
‘Justice, that’s a laugh! All my life I’d been led to believe that British justice meant something. But honestly, Eddie, my three weeks on those two trials taught me to spit on British justice. It didn’t bring you closure or closer to the truth. Not that anyone in that court cared about what the truth was, or to try and put right what had gone so horribly wrong.’ Brian lowers his head and swears in a language that Eddie doesn’t recognise. His body rocks slightly with emotional anger as he reaches for his pint before draining the glass.
‘Another?’ Eddie asks, his own glass still three-quarters full.
‘No,’ Brian says, realising that he’s drinking faster than Eddie. ‘Perhaps too much will make me say things that would be better said by someone else.’
‘Would you like to go on for a bag of chips? I can’t afford much more than chips. Or you could have some of this,’ he inclines his glass towards Brian. ‘That’s if you don’t mind sharing. I think there’s too much here for me to finish. I’m more a of a bottled lager man, myself.’
‘Here then I’ll help you out.’ Brian takes the glass and pours most of the contents into his own. He hands Eddie’s glass back to him. ‘Thanks. Now where was I? Yes. Your dad gave evidence first. Then the doctor who had examined you. And then a specialist doctor. Then the judge announced that as it was four fifteen it was going home time.
‘I remember that I was very angry at the time. You see a second expert witness had also come down from Durham. And as they were not going to be called to give evidence that day they would have to come back later on. The prosecution told the judge that his second expert witness wasn’t available to attend court the following day so the judge told them to tell him to come back the following week. Then she sent us home. 
‘Damn it, Eddie, it was four fifteen and we could have heard the other bloke. It was a long way from Durham to London and by not hearing him that day it meant that the man had to make a second trip. And lose two days’ work. It is all very annoying when you get to my age and you need specialist medical attention and you’re told that you have to wait six weeks for a consultation! You begin to wonder if we are all kept waiting for hospital appointment because the British courts system keeps taking our consultants and then not using them when agreed! I was outraged. And not only for the loss of court time but that this man was being prevented from doing his NHS duties for two days. And all when it need never have happened. It angered me but who listens to me?’
‘I am.’
‘That’s right, Eddie, you are. Okay. Then the next day we had your evidence. Do you remember anything at all about it?’
‘No. I guess I’ve blanked it from my mind.’
‘And Sam? Does she remember anything?’
‘We don’t talk about it.’
‘You and Sam gave evidence on the second day. It lasted till about one. Actually I remember that it lasted between 11 and one o’clock. In fact it was five past one when the screens were switched off. I remember thinking that, after all, our judge was able to do “over-time”. Then after lunch I think we were sent home. It was all to-ing and fro-ing. Very unsettling and the next day was no better. 
‘We were taken up to court at 12 and, and sorry I can’t remember who gave evidence or what they said. I think it was the police. That’s right, and the judge made them read the statement aloud as we followed the text. God it was boring and a waste of our time. All it allowed was for them to do some acting! If I want a play I’ll go to the theatre. And watch real actors. In a court of law, even at that stage, I expected to find Justice.’ Brian shakes his head from side to side as he mutters something softly in his own language.
‘The next week started with more evidence. If I remember rightly from the son of someone who Ben had lived with before he met your mother. Then we were dismissed again. It was a series of short, disjointed days that I found very unsettling. Then in the second week the police gave evidence. Again it was a short day. Then on the Wednesday of the second week the expert witness -. The one who’d not been heard during the first week was called. 
‘It was a fiasco. To start with there had been a mix up with the evidence. He hadn’t seen some report or other. I forget which. So we were dismissed while the expert witness read this report and saw the pictures. We were then called back and the expert witness confirmed …’ Brian trails off and uses the natural break to drain his glass. Holding the glass close to his chest he continues, his voice very low and quiet. ‘Well, basically, he said that the description of events, as recounted by your mum and Ben, could have caused most of the marks on your body. With one short sentence he scuppered the case. Over. Done with. And we all knew it. I had my back to most of my fellow jurors but we all knew what had happened. And to be honest we were frustrated. Cheated of doing our civic duty. And worse cheated out of any chance of giving you the justice that you deserved. It was not a good moment in that court room. Still,’ he raises the glass to his lips. Looks through the sides, sighs and then lowers it to the table top. ‘I’m getting ahead of myself.
‘This Expert; his main concern was the bruising to your penis which he identified as a definite pinch mark. He was adamant that the only way that you could have sustained this injury was as the result of someone taking your penis in their hand and pinching it between their thumb and finger. He was adamant that this could not be accidental and that it would have hurt. Hurt you enough to cause you to cry out in pain.
‘But it was too late. The case had collapsed and we were sent away while they had their legal arguments. Then we were brought back and the prosecution said that he couldn’t ask us to find the accused guilty. So we were, I think it’s called, “Judge directed” to acquit them. And we did. And that was it. All very unsatisfactory. Two years of police time and all that money and for what? Were you served well? Did they care? I can tell you, Eddie, I’ve seen some things in my life but that day I felt sick. Sick to the very pit of my stomach. And I walked out of that court room wondering how justice, how truth and most important of all how was a little two year old boy served by that fiasco. It was a bloody pantomime and we didn’t count for anything.’ Brian stops talking. He doesn’t bother to wipe away the tears that are forming in his eyes. He lifts his glass up, looks at it and then sets it down again.
‘Sometimes, Eddie, I just think that I’m too old, or too tired to take any more of man’s inhumanity to man. I did believe that British justice would be different. I believed that it would reach out and help a tiny child. But I saw at first hand it wasn’t interested. Two expensive over paid and over fed barristers performed -. Yes that’s the right description. They were acting, having fun. Sorry, failed actors. If they’d been any good they’d have been on stage. But never-the-less they were acting. And the consequences of their acting didn’t matter as long as they and the judge enjoyed the performance. 
‘And so they enacted this pantomime in front of us and didn’t care that a child would be damaged. They didn’t think that we wanted to see justice and not some pre-scripted adversarial beauty competition. Because I tell you this, Eddie, that day in that court room I watched as all the legal bods performed. And that performance wasn’t for the jurors benefit. And it certainly wasn’t for yours or for the sake of justices. No wonder she has to have a blind fold!’
‘Who has to have a blind fold?’
‘Justice, Eddie. She’s always depicted with her eyes covered. Supposing to symbolise that she’s unbiased. I know now that it’s just so that she cannot see what goes on, allegedly, in her name. As you can tell my experience in court really got to me. And it still does. Even after all this time. They just didn’t care about finding out the truth, or helping a damaged and hurt little boy. Their game, their fun, their law was more important. No they wanted to put their robes on and perform. 
‘Amateur actors on a very expensive and damaging stage that’s all they were. All they still are. Eddie, it made me sick and I can tell you that my stomach has seen sights that would make the strongest stomach puke. I must go now. That’s my story.’
Eddie stands up and puts his hand out to Brian, ‘Thanks, mate,’ he says trying not to notice as the tears spill over the older man’s cheeks.
‘Sorry I forgot. I’ve not finished. I said that I had two things for you. My story isn’t that interesting. Only a few facts, my powerful feelings and stuff. But nothing of any real value. But Candida.’
‘The woman who was on the jury with you?’
‘That’s the one,’ Brian smiles through his tears as together they step over the low wall that marks the boundary of the beer garden and the pavement. ‘It’s good to know that you’ve been listening, Eddie. Well Candida and I still meet. I can’t make promises for her but the next time she comes into the store and we have coffee I’ll tell her about you and ask if she’ll talk to you. She’ll be able to give a less emotional account. She’s got a good head on her shoulders and I know that she wrote it all down and sent a report in. So I’m happy to ask her. If you’d like me to?’
Eddie can’t stop himself. He falls into the arms of the old man and sobs his gratitude. Brian holds onto him as if both their lives depended on it. 
‘She’ll be able to give you a lot more detail. Even the words that were said,’ he murmurs in Eddie's ear as he lovingly strokes the younger man’s back.


Chapter 9

Eddie returns his clock card to the rack, places his work shoes in his locker, closes the door and then spins the dial. He watches for a few moments until the dial stops moving before setting off towards the front of the store. He calls “good night” to the cleaners and shelf fillers as he manoeuvres swiftly around the isles. 
Arriving at the checkouts he notices the last few customers as they finalise their purchases before starting to steer their overloaded trolleys. He smartly steps around the customers who are waiting patiently in line for a busy check-out operator to call them forward.
Night is falling yet Eddie is reluctant to leave the sociability of his surroundings and return to his empty bed-sit. Before he exits, between the checkouts, he looks around to see if there is anyone he can ask to go for a drink with him. He’s buying; if only the first round. 
He looks down the aisles, across the tills and at the customer café that is now in total darkness. He notices that the tables have been cleared. That the food debris, the obligatory paper plates, plastic cups and cutlery have all been thrown away and the refuse sacks removed from their metal frames. The refuse sack holders are now empty and forlorn. Their lids left open as if they’re mouths silently crying out to be nursed. The light from the shop is reflected on the wet table tops. Eddie realises that they have had their once a day cursory wipe. The one they always get at the end of each and every day whether they need it or not.
The shop-floor is empty save for the night staff and he realises that his own colleagues have long since left. He’s all alone. He walks through a row of closed check outs. He turns left towards the main doors. This takes him across the front of the customer café. He’d assumed that, as it’s now closed, it would be empty. Assumed that is until he notices the one table that nestled around a corner. While it’s within sight of the café till; it’s set away from the rest of the main seating area. He wouldn’t normally notice but tonight a fluid movement draws his attention to it. Then an outline, that he recognises, falls onto the glass partition. As does another outline, obviously female, and obviously laughing. Anger rises like bile from deep within his stomach. He doesn’t know how but he knows for certain that they’re talk about him. 
Instead of turning left, to the exit, Eddie turns right and walks across the front of the café. He glances in at Brian who’s sat with the most stunning woman that Eddie’s ever seen in his life.
Instantly he knows that this must be Candida. She looks French, chic, sophisticated and every inch so well groomed that Miss Taylor, Head of H R, would look dowdy if she ever had the opportunity to stand beside her. He falters, turns around and walks to the exit. He hesitates, turns back and deliberately walks towards the café. He has to know. 
But he doesn’t enter the café. He can’t. He races past them, past the staff canteen and straight into the gents’ toilets. With pent up rage he violently pushes the door open making it bangs against the wall. As he steps across the threshold the cubicle doors are still swaying.
‘Eddie, you okay?’ one of the cleaners asks looking up and wondering what had caused the explosive sound and movement.
Eddie stands as the door closes behind him and wonders what to do. 
‘Shit!’ he says then realises swearing isn’t helpful. Quickly he turns his expletive into and excuse. ‘Need a shit,’ he manages to stammer.
‘Go ahead it’s all clean and smells sweet in there now.’
‘Need a shit,’ Eddie repeats as he rushes into a cubical and closes the door. 
Eddie sits down and wonders what he should do. The notion that it’s not Candida is as ridiculous as the notion that he can go up to them and introduce himself. 
The door to the loos opens and heavy footsteps enter. The door to his cubicle is banged with a heavy stick.
‘Occupied,’ Eddie announces.
‘Security,’ the unseen voice replies. ‘Have you clocked off?’
‘Yes.’
‘Well you know you’ve only five minutes from clocking off to leaving the store; don’t you?’
‘Yes. I got caught short. Canteen food. Needed a shit.’ As he says this Eddie comes out of the cubicle, looks at the security guard and then steps back inside. Unnecessarily he carries out the routine of flushing the loo. Then to make it more realistic, he steps between the cleaner and the security guard in order to washes his hands. ‘You wouldn’t want me doing it in the car park. Would you now?’ he thumps the hot air button to prevent hearing the reply, if there is one. ‘Okay,’ he says turning to leave, ‘that’s me for the night.’
‘Mind how you go,’ the guard calls as Eddie closes the door.
Worried, that he’s already more than the permitted five minutes beyond clocking out time, Eddie is looking at his watch and is desperately trying to remember what the actually time was when he punched out. This thought is so frightening that he doesn’t realise that he is level with the customer cafe. Lost in thoughts of disciplinary meetings and veiled threats of sacking for theft, he forgets all about the clandestine meeting that’s going on about him but not with him. At that moment he can honestly say that he’s no interest in the rendezvous; the one that up to now he’s been so desperate to have happen. The one he had ached to be involved in and knew, in his heart of hearts, that sooner or later it would happen. He just had to be patient. Unaware, that his patience is about to be rewarded, he walks past the cafe. 
‘Eddie,’ Brian calls. 
Eddie, having walked past the cafe stops in his tracks. He thinks for a moment and then turns round. 
‘Eddie, I thought I saw you vanish in the loo.’
‘Caught short,’ he replies. His voice is louder than it needs to be as he hopes that the night security guard will overhear him.
‘You got a moment? There’s someone here who would like to meet you?’
‘Sure, but I clocked off about ten minutes ago. You know how hard they are on staff who don’t leave when they’ve clocked off. The guard even came in the loo. He said it was a routine check. But I’m sure he was making sure I wasn’t trying to hide in there.’
‘We all have our jobs to do, Eddie. Besides if it was that long ago then you’re already in trouble. So a little more won’t matter. And if you come and talk to us I can truthfully say that I kept you. Come,’ he stands aside and indicates for Eddie to go in the direction in which his hand is pointing.
‘Candida…’ Brian begins as they draw level with the woman. The woman Eddie had admired earlier stands and holds out her hand as Brian continues speaking, ‘…this is Eddie.’
‘Eddie, how you’ve grown,’ she says as they shake hands. 
Eddie blushes. This is just too formal a gesture for a woman who has studied such intimate pictures of him. He wants to say something. Anything just as long as it will make him seem important, clever, worthy of her attention. But he can’t. He wants to kiss her hand, fall at her feet and worship her. But he knows that would be OTT. Eddie now knows that he’s never been in the presence of an angel before. He knows that because now there is a real live angel standing before him.
Not fazed by his lack of social graces Candida continues speaking, ‘sit, please both of you.’
‘Thank you,’ Eddie says as he waits for Brian to return to his seat. He is actually very happy standing between them.
‘It’s the eyes. Don’t you see it, Demetrius? The eyes are just like those in that first photograph.’ Her accent is most definitely upper crust, top of the range English public school, yet groomed and finished off as only Europe’s finest academies can achieve.
‘Sit down, Eddie,’ Brian says. ‘Candida was shopping in here last week and I asked her to meet me today. As you can see she agreed and I told her your story. And about how we three have a link. And she is happy to talk to you.’
‘Thank you,’ Eddie stammers taking the seat between them. Once he’s seated himself he’s afraid to look up and meet those piecing grey, blue eyes. Eyes that surely could only belonged to an Eastern cat, an Egyptian queen or to a fully formed Greek goddess.
‘Eddie,’ she says softly, ‘I do like people to look at me when we converse.’
‘Sorry,’ he stammers as a lone tear drips onto the Formica surface. ‘I’m finding this hard,’ he confesses fixing his eyes on the two china cups that Candida and Demetrius had, unexpectedly, been drinking form. He notices that while the cups are both in the middle of the table only one of the cups still bears a faint outline from her lipstick. 
‘We understand,’ she adds reaching out and gently touching the top of his arm.
A surge of electricity, so powerful, races through his body. He catches the moment and raises his head. ‘You must think I’m …’ But it doesn’t last long and he dries up.
‘I think that you are the man that was that very hurt, frightened and sad little boy that Demetrius and I could do nothing to help. We both felt that then; at the trial. And we still feel it now don’t we, Demetrius?’
‘Yes that’s why we’ll both try and help you now, Eddie.’
‘And we will help in any way that we can. Demetrius -.’ She stops talking as she notices Eddie shaking his head from side to side. ‘Eddie, what’s wrong?’
‘Who’s Demetrius and what’s he got to do with me?’
Simultaneously Candida says ‘he is’ and Brian says ‘I am.’
‘You’re … Demetrius. So Brian isn’t your real name, Brian?’
‘No. My name real is Demetrius Mitcva. What do surnames matter in a place like this? Besides this country is made up of poorly educated and insular people who find Brian easier to say than Demetrius. So when I needed work here I accepted what they asked of me. A name change didn’t seem too much to pay for safety. Candida is the only person willing to call me by my proper name.’
‘Demetrius.’ Eddie tries the name out. ‘I like that. Can I call you Demetrius from now on?’
‘I’d like that.’
‘And have you boys remembered that I’m still here? And I do want to go home sometime tonight.’
‘Sorry, Candida. How do you suggest you and Eddie talk?’
‘Does Eddie want to talk to me?’
‘Yes. More than anything.’
‘About my experiences in court, Eddie?’
‘If you can bear to tell me. I’d appreciate it.’ 
‘I’m happy to talk to you if you want to listen. But not here.’ She stands up and starts to gather her things together. One by one she places them on the top of a very, very full trolley. ‘My suggestion to Demetrius was, Eddie, that you take this trolley to my car. That will give you the excuse for being late leaving the shop. We all know that Uppermarket likes it when their staff help their frail customers with their shopping. While it’s good PR it also encourages them to buy far more than they actually need. Judging by this lot I’d say buy more than I’ll ever need. So you help me load and then unload this shopping and I’ll tell you what I know over dinner at my place. How does that sound to you?’
Eddies heart starts to bang. He so wants to be with this woman but he’s worried in case she lives miles away from his bed-sit. He has ten quid to last him until pay day. That and more could easily be wiped out by a single taxi ride. He looks at his flat stomach and the expensive trainers that he wears all the time when he was not working. Since getting his own place he’s started exercising again. He decides that running back, from where ever it is that she lives, will be good exercises for him. He will go with her. 
‘Great, Demetrius, is that okay with you?’ Eddie asks.
‘I’m not coming, Eddie. I have other things to do this evening. Besides, you’ll be more comfortable asking Candida question if you two are alone.’
‘If you’d be so kind?’ she says indicating the trolley to Eddie.
Brian walks with them to the main doors and Eddie is amused to see the main door security men check her till receipt against the goods in her trolley. He knows it’s policy that every customer has their shopping checked. But to do it to Candida seems high-handed. Once outside the building and walking safety to her car he turns to her.
‘Doesn’t that annoy you?’ he asks.
‘It could but it’s their way and they do check everyone. Odd to think that they’re so democratic with security yet elitist with everything else. This is my car. Don’t look so shocked. It will all go in. I’ve bought much more than this before and somehow managed to get it all in,’ she says as she flicks a switch on her car fob and the boot on a brand new Porsche opens.
Eddie fills the boot while she sits in the driver’s seat. He takes care to keep the dry foods back in case he needs to store anything in the car. The boot is bigger than he’d expected yet it still doesn’t manage to take all her shopping. He places the dry good on the back seat before returning the trolley. He returns to the car. Before getting in Eddie lowers his head and looks inside at Candida. 
‘Are you still happy with the arrangement?’ he checks.
‘Yes. I’m not unloading this lot on my own. Get in. I live about fifty minutes away.’
As he closes the door the silent clunk resounds in her ears. Eddie sighs fifty minutes by car. There’s no way he can run that far. And certainly no way that he can afford a taxi back. He visualises the long cold walk back and wonders how she’ll be spending the rest of her evening.
As she speeds out of the car park she opens the conversation by asking, ‘what music do you like?’
‘Modern. And you?’
‘Sorry I have nothing beyond 1960 in the car. I’ve some Mozart a little Beethoven and a few pieces by Wager which I love when driving fast or on a quiet road. He really helps me eat up the miles.’ She glances over at him then returns her attention to the road as she notes, ‘I guess we’ll be keeping the music off then. Do you want to tell me about yourself while I drive? Then I’ll tell you all about my court appearance once we’ve got back to my place and unloaded this little lot.’


Chapter 10

‘Here,’ Candida says handing Eddie his beer and a folder at the same time.
‘Thanks,’ he replies taking the drink. Unloading the car had been thirsty work. ‘What’s this?’ he asks holding the folder at eye level.
‘I’ve always kept a diary. While I was on jury service was no exception. This is just my record of the facts; who said what, when where and general timings. Not the actual words. We’re not allowed to record them. But the main events as the case went on. Demetrius suggested that I showed it to you. Let you read it and then we can talk about the more emotive stuff. Does that sound okay to you?’
‘Yes,’ he replies hesitantly. 
Candida has already changed into well-tailored slacks and a figure hugging jumper. Her T-shirt bra smooths the curves of her stunning size 12 figure.
‘I’ll start to fix dinner. Is pasta good for you?’ she asks.
‘Anything. That’s fine. Good. Well really good actually. Actually anything’s better than my normal bag of chips on the way home from the store.’
‘With that figure?’ she asks, genuinely surprised. ‘You won’t be able to keep that up as a long-term eating plan. Not if you want to look like that when you’re my age.’
‘I do work out,’ he adds flicking through the pages of her file and hoping that he’ll be able to read it. It looks awfully official to him.
‘You look good on it, Eddie, honestly you do. I know Demetrius and I feel some responsibility towards you. So I am pleased that we have met. And that you appear to be sorting yourself out. I really hope I can help you find some resolution from what was, and I guess still is, a truly awful situation.’
‘Candida, do you believe -.’
‘Let’s leave the emotional stuff for now shall we? I always find it better to deal with things like feelings on a full stomach. And I don’t know about you but I’m hungry. You read that first. It’s rather dry and boring but it’ll give you the background. When you’ve finished come through to the kitchen and we can eat. If the food’s ready first I’ll call. Is that okay with you?’
‘Fine,’ he sighs as the door closes behind her and he’s left alone. He looks around the room. He has no interest in reading the contents of the folder. He just wants to talk to Candida. To be in the same room as her and hope that some of her class will rub off onto him. 
He flicks through the folder again as he sips his beer and looks round the room. It’s the largest living room he’s ever seen in his life. It would have swallowed up the Governor’s office at the YOI six times over and still allowed room for the daily tea trolley to be wheeled in and out without hindrance. The massive, he estimates it’s over 50 inches wide, TV set just innocently hangs on the far wall. Its blank screen reflects the activity or, as in this case, the inactivity in the room. The genuine Chippendale furniture, three two-seater couches and two single chairs, are large, over-stuffed, real leather and in keeping with the room each one of them is massive. The low coffee table’s temptingly close; he just ached to put his feet on it. Its highly polished surface, carefully arranged cook book and single rose in a crystal bud vase, scream “don’t you dare” at him so loudly that he can’t ignore it. He settles back in his chair and opens the folder.
‘Sorry, I forgot to say, the first seven days don’t relate to your case. Start at day eight,’ Candida says popping in before popping out again.
Eddie opens the folder and as instructed he skips the first five pages and starts at the top of page six which is headed Day Eight. He’s surprised to find the content easy reading.
Day Eight – Wednesday
Arrived at court at 10.05 and, as I didn’t have a case, joined the other spare jurors in the jury room. Jan was standing watching the building work from the back of the room. She had the window wide open. As I’d walked in from the flat I was feeling rather warm myself so I joined her by the open window. We commented on the progress, or rather the lack of it, on the building site behind the room. We wondered, casually, what was being built. We decided that it was more ubiquitous flats before I returned to the main seating area to wait. 
I decided to sit in one of the large sections. So that when the others arrived we could all sit together. I selected the group of twelve chairs closest to the serving counter. As we drank copious amounts of water and coffee, proximity to food, while we suffered the interminable wait, was essential.
Demetrius, Susan and Peter arrived together a couple of minutes later. We talked and drank coffee, making a hole in our daily allowance and my caffeine intake. The card system works well. We’re allowed £5.00 a day and it’s automatically charged to the swipe card that we’re issued on our first day.
At 11.16 the court usher came in and read out the names of 25 people. We assembled in the reception area convinced we had two trials awaiting jury selection. A few of us used the loo; the final chance before who knows what. We talked two trials and as there were 25 of us selected we all felt confident of having a case. 
Then we were all escorted to the second floor. I and a few others used the steps. The rest, perhaps as many as 18, used the single lift. 
When we arrived outside the court the usher gathered us all together. She told us that it was to be a long trial so we would have to have our excuse notes ready. She then asked us to wait while she went for the judge. 
We were forced to wait in the corridor outside the court room. Perhaps it was only for five minutes but it seemed longer. A lot longer as we were forced to stand packed in like sardines and, perhaps some of us, almost as smelly. There we stood in this tiny, airless, windowless and claustrophobic closed in corridor while the judge decided she’d put on her wig and take her seat. I wanted to point out that my time was as important, and on a daily rate, probably cost a lot more.
All 25 of us were escorted into the back of the court. The Judge turned to face us and said that she would ask the usher to read aloud a list of names. If we knew any of the people we had to say so.
The usher read the list of names and no one said a thing. 
The judge then told us that it was to be a long trial. A child protection case. She then asked if anyone would find a long trial difficult. One juror handed a note to the usher who handed it to the judge. She put her glasses on, read it and then asked for the person to identify themselves. 
Jan stood forward. The judge looked at her over her glasses. Waved the note in the air and said that she would excuse her. I could tell that Jan was relieved. Then the usher read aloud the jurors’ names. As their name was read out they were asked to take a seat in the jury box. James, a student was called first. He and I had also served on the previous trial.
Demetrius and Susan were the last two names to be called. Of my little sect that left Peter and I not selected. We smiled at each other and started to move away. 
James signalled to the usher. She went to his side and they whispered together. She then told the judge that he’d like to be excused. The judge wasn’t happy. She questioned James for a few minutes. Asked why he didn’t speak up when the opportunity had been provided. James apologised and said he didn’t know. But he had started a new job, the week before his jury service, and to ask for a third week off he felt would jeopardise his position. The judge made a big thing of her deliberation and then told James that she would be within her rights to make him sit on the jury. She then looked down, sighed, looked at the defending team and then turned to face James. She gave James an icy glare, took a deep breath and said that she’d excuse him on the grounds that an unwilling juror wouldn’t be helpful. She then asked for another juror to be called. The usher read out a replacement name; mine.
To be honest I really didn’t want to do this again. I wished that I’d got a good excuse. But I didn’t. Silently I walked along the front row and took James's place in the jury box. Sadly it was the first seat in the jury box. I managed to smile gently at James as he passed me. I took his seat and wished I hadn’t been selected. I watched James walk to the back of the court. Peter and he stood together. How I envied them.
We were sworn in and had the case read to us. There was a total of five cases of child cruelty, and one of perverting the cause of justice. We were then dismissed at 12.00. As we came down from the court the usher told us, again, about her story of the prostitute who had responded to her call for jury service. She described her as an old woman. As being more a vagrant than a working girl. But she was willing to suspend her work to do her duty; just like we’re doing. How innocently she showed her values in public. I wanted to tell her -! Oh the strength of character it took for me to keep mum!
I returned to the jury room and retrieved my bag from the locker. Demetrius and Susan came up to me and asked what I was planning on doing. I said I needed to get home and quickly left them. I walked back to the flat. I decided to walk by the station, along the river and through the kiddie playground. I needed time to think. 
It was then that I noticed that the ape swing was vacant. The sun was shining, the park empty and I was doing my duty. So I ran up to the swing. I grabbed the rope and pulled the swing to the starting mound. Actually I didn’t find climbing the slope (to get in the starting position) as easy as I’d expected it to be. But I persevered and finally I managed it. I dropped my bag to the ground, put the base between my legs and squeezed tightly. I clutched the rope, kicked backwards with my heels and took my feet off the ground. The swing sped over the wire towards the other holding post. The air flowed over my hair and body. The swing reached the mid-way point. Suddenly there was an explosion as a mass of previously unseen spectators appeared and started to applaud my efforts. I smiled at them and as the swing started its return journey I took one hand off the rope and waved at them. Once the swing had returned to the starting position I stepped off; as gracefully as I possibly could. Naturally I acknowledged the applause as I wondered if I would have been brave enough to do it if I’d known that there was an, appreciative or otherwise, audience.
I had been available for court from 10.05 until 12.00 and in all that time I had sat in a court room for only 44 minutes. Yet now I felt as if I’d been let out of school after a long hard term.
Day Nine Thursday
I arrived at 10.05 and we were called at 11.30! Again we trailed to the court room this time we were taken to a different court. Again we were kept waiting in an anti-room while the judge put her wig on and took her seat first. Talk about class riddled! We can see the judge leaving the court but not entering it. Honestly! It was slightly better this time because with only 12 people in the anteroom there was a seat for each of us. 
However once in the court room it took a long time for us to settle. The court was the opposite way round to the one we’d been in the day before. It took a surprisingly long time for us to work out the expected seating plan. I, having taken the place of the first selected juror, got to sit in the first seat, in the front row, nearest the judge. 
To their credit the prosecution started the case as soon as we sat down. We had the cases read to us. In total there were three cases of child cruelty, which related to the main bruising on the little boy’s body. One case of sexual assault relating to the bruising on his penis. And a final case of perverting the cause of justice. The argument was that the mother and her boyfriend had covered up evidence to avoid being convicted. 
The prosecutor talked about the case. She said that it had happened two years ago when Clive, the little boy in question, was only two. At this point I looked to the judge expecting her to ask why it had taken so long to bring the case to court. The judge didn’t appear to be unduly worried so I assumed it was the normal legal process grinding away. I made a note of my question. Perhaps I’d have an opportunity to ask it later on.
The prosecution lawyer then went on to described the evidence that we would hear, the witnesses that we would see, and the excuses (his word) that the defence would offer. He then told us that it wasn’t the defences’ role to prove innocence; it was his role to prove guilt. Then he issued a series of pictures. 
We got coloured photocopies for which he apologised. He also told us that they didn’t show the damage to its fullest effect. I wanted to ask then why not give us actual photos? We’re the jury! The copies, while good, weren’t good enough. So why do this? It couldn’t be on the grounds of cost, could it? If so it was the type of false economy that poor managers stoop to when trying to undermine a good system because they (the managers) are being held accountable for things that they would rather not be accountable for. Cost, it couldn’t be a cost factor, could it?
The pictures were poor quality and this was commented on by the judge. She insisted on having the real photos and of them being past to us but only once she’d seen them. One set between 12! Come on who are they kidding?
The first showed the head of a kid of two, face on. The right eyes had a sizeable scratch underneath; the skin had been broken and was now scabbed over. Over the nose were lots of tiny scratch marks. The left eye had a blood spot in the white area and there was slight bruising over and around the eyebrow. The next two pictures showed these injuries from various angles.
Then we had a couple of the back view, the small of the back had two short parallel marks. There were marks down the legs, above and below the knee and on the right leg on the lower thigh.
The right arm and shoulder were next; there was what looked like a small bite mark on his lower arm, with a bruise about three inches above that. The shoulder blade had a bruise about an inch long over half way between the end of the arm and the neck.
The left arm had slight bruises around the triceps.
The feet had two round bruises one on each foot. They were faint. I wouldn’t have been able to make them out. Not without having their existence drawn to our attention by such a graphic account of how they might have been made.
The final pictures showed the penis and genital area. There was a bruise in the middle of the stomach. The same place that I get them when I walk into furniture. His was dark and about an inch and a half long. On the penis was a nasty looking mark on the tip and the left hand side was bruised. The shaft had two other small and very faint bruises. 
My reaction? Is this what child abuse looks like? I’ve seen worse bruising on a boisterous kid. In my youth my brother and I would come back from the playground black and blue having fallen off swings or tripped over our big feet. Or when the elder sibling of some kid, that I’d bashed hell out of, bashed hell out of me. I held the picture of his sex organs up and wondered. The main fear I had was that I wasn’t capable of judging this case.
The prosecutor alleged that the new partner of his mother had caused the injuries. He said that the boy was still bed-wetting and that this had caused friction in the household during a fateful holiday week. He described how both mother and boyfriend had then tried to cover it up thus, effectively, preventing justice taking its correct cause.
After we’d seen the pictures the father gave evidence. He talked about being shocked, when he arrived at Kings Cross, and saw his son with heavy bruising and scratches on his face. He also spoke at length about how he told the doctor that he’d got to “get them” for doing this to his son. 
I didn’t warm to him. I don’t like that type of language. It isn’t about finding the truth. Protecting the child. It’s scapegoating, apportioning blame, guilt and painting himself as guiltless. Naturally he put his own behaviour in the best light. He looked presentable, financially safe. But I couldn’t help wondering if his hands had added to any of the marks on his tiny son’s body. Perhaps not all of them, perhaps just enough to make sure that the police and child protection team would “get them”?
At five seconds to one o’clock the father, still giving evidence about his injured son, made an error and paused for breath. Instantly the judge jumped in and adjourned for lunch! I was shocked. I really didn’t believe that anyone could be that heartless? Why were we breaking for lunch? Wouldn’t it have been kinder to the witness to have let him finish? Isn’t a stop-and-start way to give evidence as painful as this against the Human Rights Act? If it isn’t then it certainly should be. 
We came back at 2 o’clock. The father continued with his evidence. His evidence was that he picked his children up at Kings Cross and noticed the bruising on Clive’s face. He asked how it had been caused. He was satisfied with the answer until he took his boy to the loo. Then he noticed the marks on Clive’s willie (his word). In the bath that night he noticed all the other marks on his body and decided to take him to the doctor. He remembered telling the doctor about all the marks especially the one on his penis. He was cross examined on a few points about his ability to identify and age bruises but nothing much. I wanted to ask him why he didn’t call the mother and ask her about the bruising. But no one asked and I couldn’t catch the eye of the usher to pass a note to the judge.
The doctor was called next. He confirmed that he’d examined the boy and then called in social services and the child protection team. He said his clinical notes stated that he’d examined the boy and stipulated what he had found. Everything was couched in the terms of “my notes show that”. He was asked about ageing bruises and the marks on the boy’s penis. The doctor said that the notes show that Mr Streetwise had not mentioned the marks on his child’s penis before consultation. He went on to add, that if he had, then he would not have examined the boy himself. He would, as per the guidance, have called child protection team immediately. 
I was uncomfortable with this style of evidence. I felt that he was hiding something. I wondered if he had amended his notes later. To provide the evidence that he needed to cover up his own mistake. Why else recount the written evidence. That’s what I do. Protect myself by writing contemporaneous notes that confirm my view of what happened. As we all know - by the fact that they are written; then it is so.
I wanted to ask the father to come back and check if he really did tell the doctor about the marks on Clive’s penis. Something didn’t tie up. My options were 1) that the doctor was hiding conveniently behind written notes with the benefit of hindsight. Had he been using his notes to shield his answers? Because if he told the truth that he knew about the marks and still examined the child against the instructions then he’d be in trouble with the medical council. Or, 2) had the father got it wrong, accidentally or deliberately. He took his son to see a doctor. Said that the child had extensive bruising and left it at that? Perhaps he did. Perhaps he didn’t. And as our system doesn’t seek to find out the truth no one asked.
The next witness was the paediatrician who examined Clive. She was young, pretty and totally confident of her abilities to recognise child abuse. She was adamant, even under cross examination, that Clive had been abused. There was no other explanation for the high number of marks on his body.
At this stage there was some legal conversation and the defence asked if the next expert witness would need be called. The judge said that we needed to hear expert opinion. She then looked to the paediatrician, and said without shame, “I appreciate that you’re qualified, and I don’t mean to reflect badly on your expertise.” I remembered the exact words because I found them to be so shocking. The bloody cheek who do these judges think they are? I wonder if she knows who the Rolling Stones are?
By now it was 4.20 and the judge instructed that the last witness would not be called as it was getting late. They would have to come back the next day. My blood boiled at this point. This next witness had come down from Durham, been sat around since the morning and was now being told to stay the night to attend the next day! I was fuming, and then it got worse. 
The prosecution informed the judge that the expert witness wasn’t available the next day. She could only come back Tuesday next week. The judge didn’t hide her annoyance. She asked how this would affect the order of witnesses. A short conversation resulted in a change to the running order that they could all agree on. The judge instructed that they stand-down the expert witness only to call her back next week. 
We then sat in court for 10 minutes while the judge and the admin team sorted out her diary for the following morning. By now I was very angry, but it gave me time to think about the costs so far. Is this why we saved money on the photographs? So that we could pay for expert witnesses to travel twice when once should have been enough! The poor NHS. Didn’t they think about the cost to sick people?
This last witness is a consultant who’s come down from Durham just to attend court. She’s unable to stay overnight as she’s to be back to work the following day. It was agreed to re-schedule her next court appearance for Tuesday of the following week. So while the judge tried to work out how to plan her diary, I worked out the cost of not taking her evidence at that time? A first class ticket to London from Durham, twice, the loss of her services to the NHS and the cost of her private practice for two days. Most of this was unnecessary expenditure because our judge didn’t want to sit beyond 4.30! Totally wrong.
As I walked home I reflected that I had been there from 10.05 to 4.30 and worked for 4 hours and still managed to leave half the work undone! Some working day, eh? What other profession could get away with it and still command high salaries and, allegedly, respect. Totally wrong.
‘Here,’ Candida says breaking into his thoughts and placing another bottle of expansive premium European beer on the table by his chair. 
A table that Eddie had failed to recognise was a match for the large coffee table. As he takes the beer he also notices the six other occasional tables that, while of reasonable size, are all dwarfed by the room and the couches. 
‘Sorry, Eddie. I can tell that you’re engrossed so I’ll leave you a little longer. Don’t worry I won’t let you miss dinner.’ 
‘This is good stuff,’ he replies flicking through the diary to see how many pages are left.
‘Then I’ll leave you to finish it. Or do you need a rest?’
Eddie’s surprised but he doesn’t need a rest. He’s found the style easy to read. And having read the harrowing details, twice, he’s eager to read the evidence. ‘I’m fine to read to the end,’ he confirms.
‘Then I’ll go and you can get back to it,’ she agreed before leaving the room.
As she leaves Eddies hardly notices. His full attention has been grabbed by her diary and the easy conversational style she that has chosen to write it in. He returns to reading, forgetting totally about his second beer as it warms in the bottle inches from his right arm.


Chapter 11

Day 10 Friday
Eddie reads the first line and then puts the folder down. He lowers his head and wonders if he really does want to find out what happened.
He stands up to stretch his long lean legs. Then, with his palms facing down to the expensive Chinese carpet, he laces his fingers together in front of him. Slowly he raises them, slowly, very slowly, up to the zenith above his head. Eddie stands tall with his hands pointing towards the first of the three ceiling fans that keep the room cool in summer; when it isn’t hot enough for the air conditioning. Rotating his wrists he turns his palms to face down and gently pushes again, stretching his arm, shoulder, neck and back muscles. He rolls his neck, easing his head from side to side before allowing the weight to drop to his chest. Slowly he raises his head and allows it to settle back on his neck and shoulders. He arches his back and allows his, still joined, hands to drop slightly down behind his head. Then he releases his interlaced fingers and rotates his arms six times backwards and then six times forward. All the while he’s contemplating the oil painting that’s hung between the two French windows that lead out into the garden.
Standing by the first widow he can see a well-manicured lawn and, positioned in the sun on a raised deck, her tasteful dark brown wooden garden furniture. He smiles as a line from a song, that his grandmother had sung to him, comes back to him. “…the type that Woolworth doesn’t sell baby.” He sighs and walks to the other window; gently stretching his calf muscles as he goes.
He glances out and then takes a longer look. He laughs to himself. Was it totally unexpected? Can he really say that he’s surprised to see the full sized swimming pool, with a deep blue protective cover rolled over to keep the heat in, nestling on the edge of the decked area? 
Not for the first time he wonders what Candida does for a living and if he can do it as well. 
A sound in the hall way sends him scurrying back to the chair. Quickly he picks up the folder, opens it, upside down, and pretends to be reading. The door doesn’t open. Tentatively he turns the folder the right way up and focuses on the words that Candida has written there.
Day 10 Friday
At the close of yesterday’s session we had had all that kerfuffle over the diary of the judge. She had said that she didn’t want to delay the start of the trial as we were to hear, this morning, from the children. So, she had insisted on a 10.30 prompt start, and refused, point blank, to allow anything to interfere with this. That was how we ended the day!
So you can imagine my surprise (okay - shock, anger, disappointment, fury, rage! - actually I think perhaps I had expected it) when this prompt start meant that we were NOT called to the court until 11.00 a.m. And then, of course, we had our obligatory five minute wait in the room while our judge put on her wig to walk into the court before we were allowed in. I pictured the pantomime; she dresses, walks in, and then ceremonially takes off her wig instructing the others to do likewise. It’s all just party games and pantomime. “Look how considerate of the children we’re being”. But it’s not effective. None of it is. Far better to be interested in the delivery of justice!
Okay so with un-wigged legal bods, we get brought in, and then it all started to go downhill! The day was disjointed as the barristers appeared not to know how to use the IT equipment. The kid was on a video link in Durham, and they made no allowances. And while the judge offered the opportunity of breaks for the children, when Sam actually asked for one the judge suggested she try and do without it! So why offer a break. Why set up the expectation and then deny it? Isn’t that setting up a child’s hope only to dash it? Don’t they think these two children have had enough of adults shattering their drams? It’s wrong and again I’m sure that it’s against the Human Rights Act.
They used a split screen. One side was showing the child now, in Durham linked to the court. The other-side was re-playing the video of Clive giving evidence to the police two years ago. As the screen split I watched Clive, as he is now, watching his younger self give evidence.
Clive spoke about being forced to sit on the loo and being held there for some time. And of him being frightened of Ben and being hit by him. He said he didn’t like Ben and that he didn’t want to stay with him again. I watched this sad video wondering how this child had acquired these experiences that he was now so eloquently (for his age) recounting. The harrowing experience that, by now, he really thought he’d had. Whether or not it had actually happened. And two years in the life of a four year old is a long time. How the hell was he ever to know? He was questioned by the prosecutor and cross examined by the defence. I just felt it was pointless. Especially as his answer to everything was, “I don’t remember”. What a pantomime! He didn’t know what was going on. Obviously, as in any one of that age, he was desperate to say what he thought the adults wanted him to. He was not cross examined; I guess the defence decided that it wasn’t worth it. 
One thought stuck in my mind. If the child wet the bed, would someone try and stop the leaking by tying something round his penis? 
The other thing that annoyed me. There was a child protection officer with the kids. We could see her on the screen. She encouraged the kids to talk and helped them if they didn’t understand. The legal bods made no attempt to use child-friendly language. So she was often called upon to interpret what they asked. She used a clear adult voice so that we could hear. This child protection officer was called Jenny. She said her name clearly. She told the kids, “Hi I’m Jenny”. And to the judge she gave her full name clearly, “I am Jenny Brown”. Yet the judge referred to her, throughout as, “the woman next to you”! The woman next to you? How did that help the kids? Did it show respect for a fellow professional let alone a fellow adult? How much more effective the judge could have been if she’d spoken of and to Jenny by name. Would encouraging the children to see Jenny as a helpful professional adult been too much to ask of a judge? As I said no one in that room was interested in justice. As for helping those poor kids forget it. Or working with the parents to help them heal a wound that exposure to the justice system had made much worse. Much worse by contamination by the courts. I digress.
Actually, a nice note. Jenny told Clive about the room, why he was there and that there was a camera – she turned in her seat and pointed at it. At this point Clive looks to the camera and asks, “Who’s watching me?” I was struck by this. To this CCTV, MTV generation a camera is about watching, whereas for me it’s about taking pictures. 
We then saw the video of Sam, with Sam herself watching on the split screen. She said that she and Clive did fight, and that Ben hit him because he wet the bed. I looked over to Ben as she said this. He was shaking his head and crying. He and Angie were holding each other. Did he I wondered? Could he have done it? Perhaps in a moment of exasperation? A moment that he’d regret for the rest of his life? A moment when he lost control? A moment that’s been blown up out of all proportion? Or was it a moment of hell that lasted a whole week?
It turned out that Angie and Ben had given their bed up for the two kids to sleep in. The adults slept on the floor in the sitting room. I can see you’d be annoyed if some brat peed in your bed. You never get rid of the smell. And by all accounts they couldn’t afford to replace the mattress. Ugh!
No one asked Sam how she had felt sleeping and waking up in a wet bed. A bed that was wetted by someone else? I would have thought that that would have been a memory that she would have spoken about. She did say, openly that she didn’t like Ben any more. I then knew that the hurt that this trial was causing was great, so very great. Especially as, across the court room in the here and now, in the dock their mother clung to Ben as if he were the best thing in her sad and pathetic life.
This was when the judge offered a break that Sam then said yes to. The judge then asked both legal teams if there would be questions. Both legal teams said yes a couple. The judge asked how long they would take. They estimated a couple of minutes. The judge then turns to Sam and tells her that the questioning will be short. She says that she’ll make sure they didn’t ask too many questions. She then asked Sam not to have the requested break. Sam agrees. What else could she do?
The prosecution asks if she has been hit. Sam says “no”. She was then asked if they had any toys in the flat, Sam looks directly at the prosecutor and says “no”. (This took 20 seconds at the most.)
Sam was cross examined. Appalling. The legal bod tried to ask questions of her using adult language. He tried to refresh her memory. His vocabulary was too adult. (This ordeal which produced no satisfactory results lasted 2 minutes and 15 seconds and I cringed the whole way through.) The judge took over. Having promised Sam an early release the judge continued questioning her at length. Okay she couched her questions using more child friendly language. But still not good enough. Sam looked as if she didn’t know what they were asking her. Jenny rephrased it. Sam smiled at Jenny and whispered something. Jenny spoke the answer aloud. This went on for another three minutes. So much for the promise of a judge! Sam finished talking at five minutes past one and then the judge dismissed us.
I went out for lunch. I needed to be alone. I kept picturing Angie and Ben sat in the dock, crying, holding onto each other. Both of them seemed to be as damaged and wounded by the whole process as certainly Clive and Sam had been. And, while I don’t have the same degree of evidence, I suspect as damaged as their father is.
Outside the court rooms is a park. In this park there’s a hill. Perhaps a more accurate description would be a “mound with attitude”. I climbed to the top and sat on the grassy bank, facing away from the court, and I cried. 
I cried for the loss of innocence, the apparent indifference of the judiciary and the lack of empathy with a tiny child who’s got no one on his side. And as I sat crying on that bank my heart went out to everyone needing healing and I wished that I could help them.
It was ten to the hour when Demetrius came to find me. He escorted me back to the court without once commenting on my red, swollen eyes. He shielded me from all questions and kept me safe until I had washed my face and got my composure back.
We resumed on time at 2 O’clock. A son of an ex-girlfriend of Ben’s was wheeled into court to say how awful Ben was and how he’d get drunk and then hit him. While hearsay and not backed up with any clinical evidence it was damning. That is until the defence managed to get the man to admit that Ben hit him only when he was being a “right little shit and deserved it”. 
Away from the trial why are the ushers so anti affirming? It happened with everyone who elected to affirm; as this witness did. When a witness took the oath, swearing by their faith in God, the ushers held the card and whispered the words to the witness. The witness then only has to recite the words. Whereas for everyone who elected to affirm, swearing without recourse to God's divine intervention, the ushers gave them the card with the printed words and left them to it. She did the same with this poor kid. He was about 20 and it was obvious that he couldn’t read. He stumbled though his affirmation struggling with all the words. He was obviously embarrassed, ashamed and that cow didn’t help at all. 
He was a poor witness. He kept looking at Ben with narrow eyes and answering in a dismissive way as if he’d rehearsed his answers. He said that Ben had lived with his mother for three years. That his mother had thrown him out because he was violent. I looked at Ben who was looking at the ground and shaking his head. Tears were dropping to the floor.
The cross examination was over by three and we were dismissed for the day.
It being Friday a few of us went to the pub. We had been there from 10.05 until 3 and worked for 3 hours. We all felt this was an awful waste of public money. Actually I do hope we’re only paying the legal teams for three hours for this day. I bet they have a daily rate. Now if they were paid for the time they spend in court I bet they’d be more interested in doing a proper days work for their exorbitant fee. I wonder how I can find out?
Day 11 Monday
I arrived at 10.05, the start of a new week. I can’t say I was looking forward to it. Demetrius and a few others were already seated over steaming mugs of coffee. As I walked in Demetrius stood up, left the group and came to greet me. He offered to buy me a coffee that he owed me. I declined and told him I’d have it later. 
The room was full. All the new jurors were watching their video and seated in the main area. The New Jury Instruction Video, the one that explains our responsibilities and benefits looked as old and dated as it had the first week I’d seen it. It seemed so long ago. But it wasn’t. I remembered how annoyed I had been on my first day. I was trying to watch the video and the experienced jurors, having coffee in the same room, were talking loudly and being disruptive. I had to ask one group to be quiet. So I decided to sit quietly by myself. 
I walked to the back of the room and hid behind the screen. This screened off section holds the seven large dining tables. I sat quietly at the one by the open window. I watched the building work that didn’t look any further advanced than it had been the last time that I’d watched it with Jen.
At 10.50 we were called, assembled in reception and arrived at the court room fifteen minutes later. I looked at my watch and wondered if there are time warps, or wormholes in courts. I had decided that I wanted to ask a question – “why had it taken two years for this case to come to court?” I wrote this down on a sheet of the paper. The paper that we’re provided with for this very purpose. I dated it and waited to catch the eye of the usher.
What a performance! Today was the police evidence and they acted it out. Well not acted actually. The police woman read her lines and the prosecutor read all the other lines. Line by line by line by boring line! And we had the script in front of us! We could read it for ourselves! What was the purpose? 
By 11.05 I’d lost the will to live. The first statement to be enacted was the statement given by Ben to the police. The acting didn’t help and I found that I was getting very annoyed. I’m not so sure how this could have been presented better. But this pantomime left me feeling that all lawyers are just frustrated actors. Only paid more. And less able to act.
Basically, Ben had said, that the kids fought each other all the time. He said that he’d hit Clive once and instantly regretted it. He said the facial injuries were caused by a fall in the bath. Apparently Ben was in the sitting room and Angie was minding them. He said that he didn’t know how to stop them fighting so he’d taken the easy way out and left Angie to sort it. He said that he was uncomfortable that the kids fought. He felt that siblings should get on. He also said that his own adult son (16) from a previous marriage had been spending an odd night or two with them in his flat. He also stated that this adult son was sharing a bed with Clive and Sam. 
The first statement was finished by 11.55 and we were sent out only to reconvene at 12.15. I guess judges need loo breaks. Does it really take them that long to piss? I tell you a shop-floor time and motion (no pun) expert would have something to say about that. Well we then had to have the same pantomime with Angie’s statement. 
She said very much the same as Ben. She described a sword that Sam had used on Clive. A toy that she (Angie) had tried to confiscate but Sam had discovered where it had been hidden. It was difficult hiding things in a tiny flat when the kids had the only bedroom. She talked about Clive falling in the bath. She said that he landed on some bath-time toys. She then described how he trapped his penis (her word. Am I a snob? It surprised me that she had used the correct biological name and not a childish or pet name) between the door and the bath. 
At this stage the judge asked what toys the child had had in the bath. So the Barrister asked his lackey, and then the lackey asks Angie. Angie tells the lackey. The lackey tells the barrister. The barrister tells the judge. (And I desperately want to add “for the royal slice of bread.” But I won’t – this is too serious for childish rhymes. But it was just like the dairymaid, the cow and the royal entourage. Honestly it was just like that.) Talk about Chinese whispers. Do they think this makes them look important? To me it made them look, if not just stupid then how about, over-staffed in a modern world? 
Angie has given the name of several toys, the barrister recounts them and then says “and something called an Action Man?” Honestly what planet are they on? And who are they trying to kid? Don’t they watch TV like the rest of us? I was beginning to wonder if they are human? It’s not mystique, it’s farce.
So we have come to the end of the police evidence and still I am sat with my hand resting on my question. I had decided that as this was the police evidence it was a good time for my question. The usher didn’t look in our direction once. 
We then broke for lunch at 1.05 when we were sent home for the day. My question still unasked. I cross the date off my note and re-dated it for the morning.
Jan and I went into town and blew loads of money. I was fed up. I’d given up a day’s pay, I’d been in court from 10.05 until 1.0 and worked for one hour and 55 minutes. I desperately needed some retail therapy with another woman who knew what I was going through. And fortunately for me Jan felt the same.
Day 12 Tuesday 
Demetrius and I arrived together at 10.05 and joined the rest of the group and joked about the acting abilities of the prosecutor. And naturally someone asked if “you’d take your Action Man to the bath?” and as naturally some woman answers “yes given half the chance. Sure I would.” And the really embarrassing thing is that that woman was me. But I would, wouldn’t you?
We were taken up to court at 10.30. I used the lift for the first time. I wanted to tell the usher that I had a question to ask and to ask her how I go about it. She tells me that I’ve to hand the question to her written on the paper provided. She will then hand it to the judge who will ask it on my behalf. I thank her and confirm that this is what I’ll do. 
We take our seats and the pantomime starts all over again. Only this time I’ve re-re-dated my note and I’m trying to attract the attention of the usher. The same one that I was in the lift with. The one I asked “how do I ask a question” of. The one that I told I was going to ask a question. I didn’t think it too complicated for her to look at me and actually expect me to give her my question. It was only as she failed to do this that I began to wonder if she was deliberately avoiding having to give my question to the judge. I guess medical receptionists aren’t the only vicious gatekeepers.
The expert witness takes the stand. She gives her name, and takes the oath. The prosecutor, this is her star witness, asks if she’s (the expert witness) seen the pictures of the marks on Clive’s body. When the answer “no” comes back, she (the prosecutor) is obviously taken aback as are all the legal teams.
Photographs are found, retrieved from piles of paperwork and handed over. She flicks through them and looks up. She is then asked if the marks in the pictures are consistent with the statements given by the two defendants. To which she replies that she doesn’t know because she’s not seen either of the two defendants’ statements.
Again deadly silence drops like a stone in a deep dark pool of liquid mercury. It suddenly became obvious that something is seriously not right.
It is by now 10.40 and we are taken out of court to allow the expert witness time to read the defendants' statements. When we eventually come back it is just in time for us to be sent off for lunch! 
We all know that the prosecution had slipped up. We guess but it’s not confirmed until later - well in reality not much later.
We come back at 2 O’clock. I was still intent on catching the eye of the usher to give her my question. More fool me! We listened as the expert witness gave her evidence which lasted until 2.45. 
The prosecutor asked her if the marks on Clive’s arm were consistent with being bitten by a four year old. She said that she couldn’t say as that wasn’t her expertise. She suggested that a dental expert may be able to give a clearer answer. But she couldn’t possibly. 
She was then asked if the bruises on his back could have been made by a hard plastic toy such as a child’s toy sword? She said this was very possible. 
And they did this for each set of pictures and marks - it was pitiable. As the case fell around the prosecutor's feet the expert witness continued to say that it “could have been.” And yet she had to carry on asking the questions and getting back the answers she didn’t want. 
The witness was asked about the marks on the penis. She said that they were pinch marks and that they would have caused pain when inflicted. She described this as a basic positive sign of sexual activity. But this came only after she had given all her other, damning, evidence on the other marks. 
We were then asked to leave the court at 2.45. It was awful, all the time we (the jurors) had been together we had tried not to pre-judge. Anyone who did was reminded that there are two sides to every story. But this time we all knew that the case was lost. This wasn’t what should have happened. It had been lost because someone didn’t do their job properly.
I actually felt physically sick. Throughout the trial I’d watched the legal teams. I knew that after the case they would all meet in the bar and talk about how each of them had performed. One would comment about a good interjection. Another would comment on a skilful question that had been well and timely asked. I’ve read Rumpole. It’s just a game for them. I won today. I lost today. Heads, tails, toss. This time, next time, some other time. It’s not about finding out what happened and helping heal the wounds. 
We were called back at 3.05 to be told, by the prosecution, that the evidence given by the expert witness made it impossible for her to ask us to bring in a guilty verdict. We were judge-instructed to give not-guilty verdicts, and I, as the closest juror to the judge, was asked to return the verdicts on all six charges. 
The judge then said that perhaps this was a situation that got out of hand. I looked at Ben who was nodding emphatically. She said that it was disappointing that the case should end so. Disappointing? What planet is she on? It is not disappointing. It is a travesty of justice for some poor two year old kid without justice on his side. Because justice is a game that lawyer’s play for their own amusement and the likes of you and me just foot the bill. 
Well after this the judge turned to the prosecution and said that the next time they had better make sure that all the relevant facts were ready. I guess this is judicial language for “you fucking incompetent, do you know what you’ve just cost and how badly you’ve screwed up by you lack of professionalism?” But they don’t talk like that. They just go to the bar and say “hard luck, old chap” and “better luck next time” and such phrases. And who loses? A two year old boy loses out and his three year old sister. But I guess as they’re not destined for Eton who gives a fuck? Them overpaid legal bods don’t that’s for sure.
We were dismissed at 3.05. At 3.05 I knew then that there was no such thing as English justice.
As the jury filed out, all of us dissatisfied and angry with the outcome, Ben mouthed “Thank you” to us while he and Angie embraced in the dock. I turned my back on him. I deliberately turned away because I actually found his actions offensive. In reality I’d not taken against the man as some of the other jurors had. It was that one act. How could he thank me for that! It was totally unsatisfactory. I guess I just didn’t like him thanking me for doing something that I was uncomfortable with. Something that I had been “told” to do. Something I felt was wrong but I knew that I’d to do it. Otherwise some other lawyers would have made yet more money out of it. Money funded by the public purse. It was now all so sordid and I wanted no part of it. So when Ben mouthed, “thank you” I guess it just felt as tacky as the rest of the process of the English court room had been up to that point. Perhaps he should train as a lawyer. He’s tacky enough for one.
Had I been naive to expect justice for a two year old little boy? Was I foolish to worry that I wouldn’t be up to the job? I guess so. As it turned out all I had to do was to watch an expensive pantomime. And then do as instructed on the grounds of legal safety. I know that it would have been unsafe to convict. And that a conviction would only result in other lawyers making even more money. This would not have got us any closer to the truth. Or bring any of the benefits that can be provided by the healing properties of truth told. 
I left the court room with Ben mouthing “thank you,” in my peripheral vision thinking that I just wanted to point out that the expert witness had said that the marks on the Clive’s penis was definite evidence that the child had been sexually abused. And yet here they were innocent. So if they were innocent who was guilty? And here we were leaving the court room with no one charged with the responsibility of finding out what did actually happen to little Clive Streetwise. That’s what I wanted to know. To know who took the penis of a two year old boy between their finger and thumb and -.
Eddie slams the folder closed as his eyes water. While he’d been reading he’d almost forgotten that this had been about him. But this stark reminder brings him up short. He places the folder on the arm of the chair and reaches out for his glass. He drains the contents, it’s warm and not at all what he needs. Slowly he pours the second bottle into his glass and sets it down on the table. He stands up and walks to the wastepaper basket that’s positioned under the impressive coffee table. He bends down before inching his hand and arm between the underside of the table and the top of the basket. He drops the bottle inside and then returns to the chair.
Faint tears are staining his cheeks. He dashes them away with the sleeve of his work-shirt. He blinks back any residual tears and opens the folder; his hands are shaking. The folder opens where he’d left off reading. He looks down at the page and tries not to see the words that he doesn’t want to read. The word penis stands out in the middle of a sentence. He’s unsure if it’s where he’d got to earlier or not. It seems as if he’s in the right place. With his left hand he covers the lines where Candida had been writing about the sexual abuse and continues to read the rest.
So Ben and Angie hug in the dock, the prosecutor is admonished by the judge and the defence, Ben and Angie look relieved, I felt … Well, worse than having sex interrupted. It’s awful and if I were the type to have therapy then this is the type of experience that would drive me to it.
We were dismissed at 3.05 and asked to wait in reception while they decided what to do with us. Then at 3.20 we were told that we would not be needed back.
I had been there from 10.05 to 3.20 (however I had gone back to the flat at 10.40 when we were first stood down only to return at 1.50 and then to come back home again at 3.20) and in this possible 5 hour and 15 minute day I was in court for a total of 2 hours and 15 minutes.
Comments
1) I took two weeks and two days off work at an average loss of income of between £8,500 and £25,000 a week. Yet I was actually only in court or “working” for 11 hours and 54 minutes and paid £341. Sorry – what is this?
2) And what now is my opinion of English justice, it stinks. 
3) And I still don’t know why it took two years to come to trial. The more I thought about that the more I wondered if court ushers are to judges what doctors' receptionists used to be. I am sure that once she knew about my question then she was determined not to catch my eye. 
Eddie closes the file, drains his second glass of beer and looks up to see Candida looking at him over the rim of an elegant Edinburgh Crystal wine glass.
‘I think dinner,’ she says before turning and leading the way to the kitchen. ‘You can wash up in there,’ she tells him as they pass the downstairs cloakroom.


Chapter 12

Eddie puts the fork down and looks at her. He holds her eyes for as long as she deigns to return his gaze.
‘You may as well ask. Isn’t that what you’re here for?’
Placing his cutlery, neatly, across his empty plate Eddie says, ‘Thank you. That was good. I don’t often have food like that.’
‘All the ingredients came from your shop.’
‘I’m no good. I guess I’d never -.’
‘Now stop this, Eddie. You don’t know what you’re capable, or not capable, of. Give it a try. Okay I’m not suggesting you start by making the pasta yourself. But you could try some fresh, or dried. But make an effort and make a start. The sauce is simplicity itself. You start with fresh ingredients and blend them together. A small hand-held blender can cost as little as four pounds. The price of a glass of wine. Add a few herbs, a dash of sea salt, plenty of black pepper and you’ve a meal fit to eat for less than you’d pay for a bag of chips.’
While she’s talking Eddie looks around her very expensive kitchen. It’s impressive; and not only for the fact that, within an hour of getting in from the shop, she’s produced a delicious meal for two. That was good; but what really impresses him is that he knows that she’d started with raw ingredients. He remembers unpacking them and handing them to her. He’d seen what she started with. She’d asked him to leave out eggs, flour, cream, asparagus, and some growing herbs that, at first, he’d thought were an outside plant. In fact he’d been reluctant to bring them inside. He was convinced she’d bought them for the garden. She’d openly laughed when she saw his look of disbelief when she’d asked him to bring the growing herbs inside. Between giggles she’d told him that she needed them for dinner. 
The table they are eating at, in the centre of the kitchen, he estimates to be four feet wide and seven foot long. It’s standing on four very sturdy legs and all made from some very dark and very old wood. Even he recognises that the top is one long slab of solid granite. Granite that’s been polished until it’s black and has the shiniest shine he’s ever seen. 
Eddie’s gaze is drawn to the exact spot where, earlier, he’d place the pot of growing herbs. Not actually placed, more that he’d allowed them to hover millimetres from the surface. Because at any moment he expected she’d see what he was doing and admonish him. With a smile and a toss of her long blond hair she would tell him to leave them outside. But she hadn’t. She’d taken them off him, picked them up and placed them in the sink telling him that they needed washing before they eating. To cover his embarrassment he’d returned to the car to make sure that all the shopping had been brought in. He had felt uncomfortable in these opulent surrounding.
Candida smiles and takes a gently sip of her wine. A sip so minuscule that it barely moistens her unmade-up lips. She looks at a spot just over his right shoulder. There’s no urgency to her posture, no instruction for him to ask his questions and be gone. She’s welcoming and patient. But even so Eddie’s uncomfortable.
Once more he looks around and reflects on how amazed he is that she’s prepared this meal and yet the kitchen looks as if it’s just been installed and has never been used. There isn’t a pot, or pan, dirty plate, chopping board or any sign of culinary activity. All there is are two dirty plates, two forks and two spoons that they’d used to eat their pasta with. There is her glass, which was still almost as full as it had been when she started the meal, and his half-drunk beer. These dirty items are the only evidence of an excellent meal having been prepared, cooked and then consumed. He wonders and then plucks up the courage to speak.
‘And you can cook like this without making a mess?’
Her eyes smile, ‘and how long do you think it takes to make a pasta supper?’
‘I honestly don’t know. But when I make mash and beans I have three or four pans to wash up, several knives, a bowl or two and a plate. But you,’ he holds his arms wide open and indicts her immaculate kitchen. ‘Look it’s so clean and tidy.’
‘If you ask me that’s down to the cooks’ style. I like to work tidily. Besides having a kitchen like this helps. When I lived in a bed-sit I was the biggest slob in the world. Oh yes, Eddie,’ she interrupts herself noticing his reaction. ‘Most of us were born trying to improve ourselves. Better our prospects. Prove something or forget something. Not all of us were born lucky. I had poor roots and worked damn hard to make my own way up. So now that I have all this I take great care of it.’
‘And what do you do?’
‘We are here to talk about you; not me. We can talk about me only if it impacts on your trial.’
For the first time since they’ve met Eddie feels her sharper side. It’s as if he’s been slapped down. ‘Sorry,’ he adds reaching for his beer to cover his embarrassment. His hand overshoots and he knocks the bottle. It rocks, tips, rightens and then falls to the table top spilling the last of his beer over the genuine granite surface. ‘Sorry’ he stammers up-righting the bottle. Candida slips off, the black leather and chrome swivelling barstool, and crosses the room using graceful strides. She retrieves a roll of quilted kitchen towel; the most expensive type that Uppermarkets sell. 
She clears the mess, with the skill of one well practiced, and throws the towel in a gently arch towards a chrome bin. A receptacle that seems to sense the towels approach and opens to receive it. The soiled towel safely received the lid silently closes and order is restored. 
‘All clean,’ she says as she opens a cupboard door under the work surface, also of polished granite, to reveal a spotlessly clean dishwasher.
‘Here let me,’ Eddie offers climbing down and taking the plates and cutlery over to her. He places them on the surface to her right. ‘Is there anything else I can do?’
‘No, Eddie. Please just relax. Can I get you something; tea or coffee? Or something stronger, another beer, perhaps?’
‘No, but thanks.’
‘I’m going to have a de-caff. You sure you won’t join me?’ she asks as she fills the kettle from the water filter and flicks the switch. ‘Lazy I know,’ she confesses, ‘but instant’s fine for me at this time of night. Are you sure?’
‘Very.’
‘Then you go through. I’ll join you when I’ve made this.’
‘I’m okay sat in here,’ Eddie says feeling safer on the hard Welsh slate floor of the kitchen than he had on the thick pile of the Chinese carpet that she’s selected for her living room. 
She picks up the crockery and places them in the dishwasher. She returns to her seat, and gracefully slides onto it, picking up her glass and taking a sip.
‘Okay we can sit here if you like.’
‘It’s a lovely kitchen,’ Eddie manages to say at last.
‘My brother designed it. He scoured the world for the fixtures and fittings. All the white goods are Swiss, the cooking items French, the seating Italian, and …’ she raises her glass, takes another sip and says, ‘honestly, Eddie, time’s running out. I’m happy to talk about my kitchen. It won an award for my brother from some style magazine and an architects’ practice, not his own I hasten to add. That would be a little unprofessional even for Roddie. But is that really what you want to talk to me about?’
‘No of course it’s not,’ he says looking away.
Eddie slides off the stool and walks to the French Windows that lead to the back of the house and from then to the garden he’d been admiring earlier. This side of the house opens onto the drive and the double garage. 
‘But I really don’t know what to ask,’ he confesses with his back to her.
‘I can see that may be a problem.’
‘In your diary you sound very passionate that the kid, sorry, that I didn’t get justice.’
‘Not from where I was. I’m not trying to find guilt. This time it is purely an exercise in options. First, the question is, were you abused? I’m not even convinced that you were. I know what the expert witness said but let’s talk about the other marks first. I think that’s safer ground to start with. I didn’t know it at the time of the trial and I still don’t know what to make of them. All I know is that if you were not treated well and no one found, if they even looked for them, the real culprit. It took two years for your case to come to court. That wasn’t in your interest. And while it was going on, and afterwards, what support were you provided with?’
‘Nothing.’
‘Eddie, I think it’s probably fairer to say that there was none that you can now remember. You were only four and Social Services must have got involved. If only to try and re-establish the links, that the case had severed, with your mother.’
‘Okay so I did have some. Then what?’
‘Now we have to think of the other question. What if you weren’t abused? And for me the ramifications from this scenario are …’ she pauses to take a sip of her wine. ‘Well they are even worse. Because by the end of the trial you actually believed that you had been abused -. Are you following me?’
‘Yes you’re now looking at the option that the bruising you described in your diary was actually caused by a fall in the bathroom.’
‘I can tell by the look on your face that you find that hard to fathom. So you believe and I’m not getting into the right or wrong of that argument. For now it’s enough that you believe that you were abused. That as a two year old child you were forced to sit for hours on the toilet. Held by adult hand that forced your bottom down onto the toilet seat. And not forgetting that Ben hit you.’
‘That’s what I believe happened to me. Well that and other stuff.’
‘You mean the marks on your penis?’
‘Candida! The bastard played with my dick!’
‘Eddie, I will not have language like that in my house. Please don’t use it. Okay, as we are here now, let’s talk about the sexual abuse. The evidence from the expert witness I felt was very clear. Your penis, sorry, do you prefer the word dick?’
Embarrassed Eddie looks away. ‘As you wish,’ he adds highly uncomfortably. While in the past he had freely talked about sex organs, sexual dreams and fantasise to Miss Thompson, talking here with Candida it is just too … too personal and embarrassing.
In her normal conversational tone, Candida continues, ‘dick it is then. Your dick was taken between a thumb and a forefinger and pinched. I wanted to know if you could have done it yourself. But no one asked. What we do know is that it happened. We don’t know if it happened once, or more frequently. I guess it was only the once as there looked to be just the one pinch mark. Nor do we know if it was inflicted as a punishment or an accidental injury. I must admit I fail to see how it could have been accidental. But I don’t know.’ Candida stops talking and looks through the window as if she’s remembering something. She raises her glass to her lips and rests it there. Not drinking, not sipping and seemingly not even aware of its proximity to her lips as she reflects silently.
‘And?’ Eddie asks gently trying to bring her back to the conversation.
‘Sorry I was just trying to remember something. But it’s gone. I guess it’ll come back. At the time I remember wondering if someone had tried to do something to you to prevent the leaking of urine at night. But no one asked. You know the expert witness said that a pinch like that would have caused you great pain. Actually under cross examination she said that a two year old would either scream the place down in agony or -. And to be honest I felt that you’d fit into this second category better. Or, she said, that a tough little two year old, one not given to giving-in or one who was used to defending himself and not letting other people see him cry. Then that two year old wouldn’t have screamed out or cried. That two year old would have withstood the agony and not let his pain show. God I found that so sad.’
‘But they didn’t talk about me screaming did they?’
‘No. There was no mention of it. And to be honest the thing that surprised me was that Sam didn’t mention it. I guess that’s why I think of you as the tough little cookie. The one who’s not going to be seen crying.’
Eddie swallows the lump that’s formed in the back of his throat. Something, some little thing, niggles at his brain as if it’s trying to get out.
Noticing his discomfiture Candida asks, ‘You like a drink?’
‘Some water, please?’
‘Sparkling, still, French -.’
‘Candida, please just tap water. Thanks.’
She opens a cupboard and exposes a set of six types of matching glasses. She takes out a tumbler that matches the wine glass that she’s using. She walks to the sink, turns the mixer tap on and lets it run. She places her perfectly manicured little finger under the faucet and feels the temperature. Finding it acceptable she fills the glass, inclining it gently and then reducing the degree of incline as the glass fills. She holds it upright, turns the tap off, wipes the bottom of the glass and then places it in front of Eddie.
‘Here.’
‘Thanks. Do you want French, sparking? Honestly with all these choices, that you have, how do you manage to make a decision?’
‘Oh that’s easy. I only ever make the wrong ones. But we’re talking about you. What concerned me was …’ She suddenly stops talking, picks up her glass, takes a sip, replaces it and then looks once again at Eddie. ‘Let’s stay on safer ground.’
‘From reading your diary I feel that you’re not impressed with the way that you were treated?’ Eddie asks. 
‘No, Eddie, it was pathetic. From start to finish and pathetic is not strong enough as a word to describe how I feel that such incompetence should be funded with public money! As I came out of the court room I felt let down by British justice and very, very angry. And I wasn’t personally involved. I was only on the jury. But the main thing that that case didn't provide was justice and truth. In fact if anything it reinforced the bitterness and anger between your father and mother and put an even stronger barrier between you and Sam and Angie. No child should be set against their mother. Well not without some evidenced justification! And if the evidence wasn’t there then the Crown Prosecution Service should never have let it come to court. That just makes the lawyers richer. Honestly, Eddie,’ she stops talking and actually drinks from her glass. ‘It’s insane that this crappy -. Forgive my language this time. But it’s unforgivable that our adversarial system let down a young family and to be honest three inadequate adults. How can an adversarial system be thought of as the best way of getting justice? No one can believe that. Do you?’
Laughing to cover his embarrassment Eddie replies. ‘Well I may if I knew what you were talking about? What’s this adversarial system?’
‘Sorry. In France the judge charges the legal bods with finding the truth. Nothing else. One set of legal people all seeking the truth. With me?’
‘So far. Like the Truth and Reconciliation in South Africa.’
‘Not dissimilar.’
‘We did that in school. For history.’
‘Our system has a built in person for (the defendant) and one against (the persecution). Still with me?’
‘I think so.’
‘These two are not trying to find the truth. The one thing you never do is tell your lawyer that you did – or didn’t do something. That’s not what they’re paid for. They’re paid to argue between themselves; hence our adversarial system. It’s not interested in truth, right, wrong or justice. It’s purely a way to make lawyers richer.’
Having been taught by her Eddie feels more relaxed. He asks, ‘and you believe what, Candida?’ He almost flushes as he realises that this is the first time he’s been comfortable using her name. 
‘Eddie, I think that’s the first time you’ve truly relaxed with me.’
‘Sorry. I appreciate what you are doing for me.’
‘I’m a nice person; there’s no need to fear me.’
‘I don’t. I guess calling a woman of your maturity by your first name just doesn’t feel right.’
‘Nicely put. I am old enough to be your mother.’
‘Or perhaps it’s because you’ve seen those pictures of me?’ he adds aware that there’s also something else. Her name reminds him of something. Something that he’s half listened to. Something that makes him think of illness, suffering and pain. Something that gives him reason to be embarrassed every time he used it. He pushes the notion from his mind as he tries to concentrate on a question. ‘So what do I do now?’
‘Oh, Eddie, Eddie, Eddie. You keep the difficult ones well hidden don’t you? I really don’t believe that you were hit. I believe that Ben did hit you once and regretted it. Perhaps Angie threatened him. I don’t know but I don’t believe that he allowed himself to be put in a position again. Not with you or with Sam. I believe that he kept well away from situations where he’d be liable to hit you. Of that I am comfortable in my belief. I don’t know how you got all those marks on your body. I think they could have been childhood rough and tumble. I do think that there was incredibly poor parenting by both Ben and your mum. I think they should have picked up on your bruising sooner than they did. And they should have intervened to prevent the collection you had on your body. I don’t think they all happened at the same time. As for the marks on your penis; that was the one element I found totally unsatisfactory. It happened. I saw the mark for myself. And I would have liked to have been give an explanation about how, who, what, when and where. And to be honest I believe that if the cost of that case, the time and the effort had been channelled better; if it had been put into finding out the truth. Again I am criticising our adversarial system. But I know that if the cost of the trial had been spent on seeking the truth; then the truth would have been found. It just needed to be looked for. But British justice being what it is isn’t interested in truth. It looked purely for a performance opportunity for overpaid self-opinionated frustrated would-be actors. Would-be actors who don’t give a fig for justice, truth or honesty. But, Eddie, please, don’t start me on that hobby horse again.’
‘And what did you think about Michael?’
‘Yes, Michael. Your bed sharer? Are you asking me to assess if he sexually abused you as a child?’
‘Y -.’ Eddie looks away. ‘I can’t do that can I?’
‘You could but you’d not like the answer. Besides it wouldn’t be right. And so much wrong has brought us to this point that I don’t want to add to it. Sorry, Eddie, I think that, perhaps, you feel no further forward.’
‘I think I am. I trust you and you saw the pictures and you weren’t convinced that I’d been abused. I can see that in the heated arguments between dad, mum, and Ben that my memory may have been re-written. It’s all counter to the memories I do have. I actually remember him hitting me. I can still feel the slaps across my back, legs and any part of my body that I didn’t get out of the way of his big pummelling fists in time. I remember that as if it were yesterday. And I cannot let go of it.’
‘And the marks on your penis what do you remember about that?’
‘Shit, Candida. Sorry this is just so … So embarrassingly personal.’
‘Eddie, I do understand. But if you were abused there is help. And that help could also be beneficial if you weren’t abused. Have you considered talking to a doctor?’
‘I did in jail.’
‘And she talked sexual fantasies with you?’
‘Yes. How do you know?’
‘And yet you’re embarrassed about saying dick and penis to me. I bet you said a lot worse, and in more graphic detail, to her.’
‘That’s different.’
‘Why - was she younger and prettier?’
‘No. Well, she was younger, but honestly I’ve never met anyone as beautiful and glamorous as you are.’
‘Why thank you. But you found talking to her easy?’
‘Yes. No. Besides I had to. And also I had longer with her. I was inside for a couple of years.’
‘I can see that you would need to build trust and rapport.’
‘But I trust you. Besides… we didn’t talk.’ He stops talking and drains his water glass.
‘I guess you didn’t talk about what actually happened. But she’d have seen the pictures wouldn’t she?’
‘I never asked? We just spoke about my fantasies and what they said about me.’
Candida sighs, slides off her stool and says, ‘look it’s getting late and I’ve to be at work early. Can we call it a night for now? You go away and reflect on what we’ve said. I’m in the store every other week so keep an eye open for me. If you see me come and say hello and if you want we can talk again. We can arrange a time to suit. Or ask Demetrius to call me. He has my contact details.’
Eddie knows that he’s being dismissed. He’s also deflated when he realises that he isn’t going to be given her telephone number. He inwardly sighs. He knows he’s no other option than to agree with what she’s suggesting. He watches as she walks to the kitchen phone, presses a single button and then speaks.
‘Yes, please. Just one. To take a young man wherever he wants to go and charge it to my account.’ She listens and then adds, ‘that’ll be good.’ She hangs up and turns to Eddie. ‘A taxi will be here for you in five minutes. He’ll take you home or wherever you want to go to. Within reason. No trips to Durham to re-live the past. Just give him your address and he’ll -.’
The doorbell rings and Eddie feels very annoyed at the service that the very rich, not only expect but, appear to get.


Chapter 13

Eddie looks at the range of dolls and wonders. He picks up a pocket toy and wonders. He looks at the action figures and dreams of ownership. To his left a four year old boy bangs violently on the assembled display drum kit. The thoughts inside his head run into each other. The child, dressed in jeans, trainers, back to front maroon baseball cap and a designer T-Shirt with “If you think I’m sexy you should see my dad” emblazoned across his chest, is apparently oblivious to the noise. The child continues to thump the pig skin and bang the symbols as if he has a modicum of talent and is practicing in a soundproof room.
Eddie quickly turns away and effortlessly ambles to the staff canteen. As he enters he isn’t even aware that the room is filthy and empty. He flops into a chair that’s been left some distance from any of the large tables. Even from this distance the un-tuneful drum beats, that have dogged his footsteps, assail his ear drums. 
He notices the half-eaten food on paper plates and the abandoned polystyrene cups with their partly drunk contents quickly cooling. Only the teeth marks round the rim indicates that anyone human has even held them. For the first time since he’s come out of prison and secured a job, as a fork-lift truck driver for Uppermarket, he feels low and wonders where the hell his life is going.
He moves to a vacant seat by a table. The chair he selects is the only one with no evidence of food or drink having been left there. He bangs his arms along the table top. Then he drops his head to rest on his arms, groans and then lifts it to look around the room. It’s identical to how it was when he walked in, less than five minutes previously. 
He picks up a discarded newspaper and as he reads the celebrity section he wonders if he’ll ever have any form of fame; other than notoriety. 
He glances towards the TV and images of bikini clad young lovelies gyrating to the beat of overly loud music fill his mind. Unable to think, feel or rationalise he feels inclined to throw something hard and very fast at the TV screen. Before he realises what he’s doing he’s started to play out his fantasy. The newspaper flows in a gentle arch and lands on a mound of left over congealing chilli con-carne. He slams his fist into the centre of the cold food, splashing unwanted meat sauce and beans all over the tables, chairs, walls and, most satisfying of all, all over the TV. He watches as tomato and red sauce drip slowly down the top of a gyrating lovely. He doesn’t think she looks so sexy with leftover food covering her exposed flesh.
But it doesn’t satisfy him for long. No sooner has he made the mess and seen what his actions have done than he is bored and looking for adventure. Eddie pushes his chair back with more force than is necessary, he storms out of the empty canteen and return to his wandering on the shop floor looking, just looking. 
He spends the next five minutes looking but not seeing. He’s lost in a world of items that he cannot afford, even if he wanted them. He storms past aisle upon aisle upon aisle of consumer goods that just beg to be purchased. To be used or to be left unused, just as the purchaser wishes it really doesn’t matter. All that matters is that they are taken for that all important walk through the check-outs.
He knows he would like to be able to buy presents for his nieces and gifts for Sam. Or be able to splurge, every now and then, on the little luxuries in life for himself. But his wage barely meets his living costs. He stands back to allow yet another mother and her screaming brats to walk past. 
The kids, in the uniform of youth designer jeans, trainers and T-shirts, have all melted into one as they all look identical. These new kids, a boy and a girl, are yelling for toys. They’re grabbing at everything without thought, discrimination, appreciation, or any real fear that their tiny little desires might not be met; might indeed be thwarted. Eddie notices, with contempt, that the trolley the mother is pushing is already over stuffed with goodies for the kids, including several very expensive games and dolls. Yet still they scream for more and as they scream for more, so their harassed mother gives in and Eddie remembers a word but not from where he heard it. 
Inadequate.
Then in his own mind he fills out the sentence.
“…and still their inadequate mother obliges them.” 
He doesn’t allow himself to reflect on where he first heard that word. Or who else it may have been applied to. Instead he resists, with difficulty, the urge to smack the mother in the face and give her screaming brats a smart backhander.
“That’s how to silence them,” he thinks as he stuffs his hands into his pockets and walks towards the demonstrator who’s positioned at the end of a very long aisle stuffed with bakery goodies. He notices that she’s promoting a very expensive chocolate biscuit.
‘Some people,’ he hears himself say as he nears the demonstrator, who according to her name badge is, called Helen.
‘Y’ know it’s been like that all day. Christmas is over six months away and yet they’re all in here now buying, buying and still buying. More and more and still more stuff that they’ll never need. Still it keeps you and me in a job. I suppose. Want to try?’ She holds up a brown plastic tray with a doily and six thin sample slithers of a dark biscuit that she’s positioned in the exact centre of her demonstration table. Her red and white plastic gingham table cloth is moist from where she’s been wiping it over it to fill in the time. ‘It’s good. This place only stocks expensive stuff.’
‘I noticed that. Like them dolls over there?’
‘Your …’ she stretches to read his name badge, ‘Eddie, you mean the pocket range? Y’ know y’ can get ‘em on the market for a fraction of the price? Or ones that’re very similar. More in my budget range if not hers!’ With her head she indicates the woman and her kids. The ones that Eddie had resisted the urge to be so violent towards. ‘More money than sense some folk. And if she keeps on like that, just giving into ‘em kids, she’ll ruin ‘em. And what age are they now? Two and four I’d guess. She’s lost all respect. No adult discipline. She’s got no control at all. The pity is she’s got money to hide her lack of skills behind. But it won’t buy her out of trouble when they start demanding what she can’t afford for ‘em. And as sure as eggs is eggs and I can’t afford ‘em there’ll come a time when they want what she can’t afford to give ‘em. She’s storing up a bucket full of trouble for herself. Like most of the mums in here. I can tell. Give ‘em ten years then come back and get warmed by the fireworks. Kids of that age need discipline, clear boundaries and strong loving parents. Not over indulgent ….’
When it becomes obvious that she’s struggling to find the right word Eddie offers, ‘inadequate?’ as an option.
‘That’s a good word. She’s that and more.’
‘Them kids have got good lungs on them. I’ll give them that.’
‘If screaming were an Olympic sport they’d have the gold and silver between ‘em.’
‘If you ask me, Helen, I think they’d be given the bronze as well.’
‘You could be right -. Sorry that’s the Super Viz on her way over. We’re not supposed to talk to staff; only customers. I’d better start to circulate. Catch y’, later. Excuse me, Sir, can I tempt you to try? No; thank you all the same. Madam, would you like to …?’ she says as she holds her tray under the noses of genuine customers.
Eddie walks away. The biscuit taste is filling his mouth and making him want a drink to get rid of the overly sweet flavour and cloying aftertaste. He walks to the toys and looks at the price tags.
He looks around and then back to the price tags.
He looks around and then back at the toys. Small, pocket sized items, stacked five and six deep. The shelf is full of them; thousands of them. Again he looks at the price tag.
He doesn’t notice the customers pushing past, or steering fully loaded trolleys around him. He notices the toys, the price tags and pictures the look in the eyes of Jo-Lo and Kylie as they received them as little gifts from their favourite uncle. And not forgetting the look of admiration in Sam’s eyes as she sees what he’s been able to afford to give them. No cheap imitation from the market for his family. As he’s now earning it is the real thing or nothing.
He turns end on to the shelf his right side pressed against the stock in order to let a female customer pass him. Without changing his position he reaches out for one. Is it by accident that he manages to pick up two; the second one being held behind the first packet? He looks at them and then puts only one of them back on the shelf. The other one finds a safe home in his right hand side trouser pocket. He steps away from the shelf, turns around so that his back’s towards it. Spins back to face the shelf; as if having second thoughts. He reaches out, touches, very, very gently the box. Then he shakes his head, turns and walks swiftly away. His hands stuffed deep into his, apparently, empty pockets.
His heart’s pounding as he walks around the low-level fridges, past the meat counter and through the vegetable section towards the receiving bay. He parts the heavy plastic curtains and looks around. He steps through and then stops just inside the entrance to take a drink from the staff fountain. Bending over the water cooler he accidentally splashes his face. 
‘Shit!’ he says jumping back while wiping his face on his sleeve. He smiles. He’s just so impressed with his own performance. It had been a spur of the moment decision. But now it’s all working out. Even down to that last little act in front of the water cooler. As he’d planned it so it had happened.
“Cool off”, he tells himself. “Don’t rush. Don’t show elation. Or the effects of an adrenal rush like a flushed face. Just cool off. And in case my face’s flushed, from my nefarious activities, that quick, accidental, splash of cooling water should help cover it up.” He smiles as he silently congratulates himself.
Face and hands dried, equilibrium restored, he walks over to the receiving bay and looks out at all the Lorries that are waiting to be unloaded. He counts five before walking over towards his fork-life truck. He’s about to jump on when Demetrius interrupts his self-congratulatory thoughts.
‘Eddie,’ Demetrius says softly. Something in his manner highlights his mid-European accent. ‘Eddie, you know about right and wrong don’t you?’ he asks, softly, yet in a tone that will not be ignored.
Instantly Eddie’s aware that while the tone’s soft it’s also firm. Then another thought trickles into his brain; the voice sounds, almost, as if Demetrius has been hurt. Eddie senses that there’s something wrong. He turns and reluctantly meets Demetrius’ piercing eyes. In them he sees disappointment etched deeply. He feels sick and elated at the same time. The toy in his pocket burns into his thigh and yet at the same time it screams to be held onto. He feels naked yet clothed like a king. He lowers himself to his seat and doesn’t reply.
‘Am I going to be disappointed in you?’ Demetrius asks standing on the step and leaning into the cab. ‘I hope you don’t add to my sadness by trying too hard. I know. I saw all that you did.’ He sighs. ‘Eddie, you of all people. I tell you this…’ he says, stepping down from the truck while keeping his voice low and his hands on the truck, ‘…if, when you pull away, I find a pocket toy dropped on the floor by your truck I’ll pick it up and return it to the shop floor. No questions asked. If I don’t. If it’s not there … Then I’ll be left with no option but to find that missing toy and to return it to the shop floor myself and …’ he falters for effect, ‘and ..’ he continues, ‘…and  if I have to do that then I’ll have to get Miss Taylor involved. And we all know what that means don’t we, Eddie? Either way,’ he continues removing his hands and putting them in his pocket. Neither of them looks at the other one so Demetrius continues firmly, ‘I want to see you in my office on your next break.’ That said he steps back and allows Eddie to decide his own fate.
As Eddie glances at the stationary figure, with lowered head, he feels that Demetrius looks as if he’s aged ten years. He feels the toy stab him in the leg. He fingers it as he lowers his head to rest on the steering wheel. In that position he wonders if the public humiliation, of having Miss Taylor sack him, might just add the sparkle that his deadly dull life has been missing. He wonders if he’ll get a hard-on from it. He runs his fingers over the toy. Either way, it seems, he isn’t going to be leaving with it so he may as well …
Sod Demetrius, he thinks as he raises his head, looks behind him, starts the truck and reverses out of his parking bay. Once clear he then steers it forward heading towards the waiting Lorries. He has work to do.


Chapter 14

Eddie sits down in the chair that Demetrius indicates; the rather uncomfortable looking one opposite the one that he’s occupying. Eddie can’t look at the older man. He feels small. He’s angry with himself and the world for making him what he is; a common thief.
‘Eddie,’ Demetrius begins, ‘thank you for restoring my faith in you.’
‘I’m sorry,’ Eddie stammers, his head hung low.
Demetrius places the pocket toy on the table that separated them. Eddie glances at it before turning away. 
‘It’s cheaply made,’ Demetrius says turning it over in his hands. ‘Plastic. It’ll be broken in thirty seconds and discarded in little more. Eddie, look at it and then at me and help me to understand why you took such a risk and why I shouldn’t tell Miss Taylor and ask her to fire you?’
Eddie can’t. He does try to look at the toy but now it’s image is burned so deep into his guilt that he feels as if it has branded him. 
‘Sorry,’ he whispers.
‘Not good enough, Eddie,’ Demetrius says placing the toy in Eddies line of vision. ‘Look at it and tell me why you risked everything for it?’
‘I wanted something nice to give my nieces,’ he offers as way of an explanation.
‘And this … this trash. All be it expensive trash. Is this really what you think of when you think of giving a nice gift to your family?’
‘Sort of. I guess. I didn’t think.’
‘You were thinking when you stole it. You knew what you were doing. And very calculating you were.’
‘I guess … I didn’t think … I know what it looked like but honestly. I just wanted something special and nice … for my nieces.’
‘Wouldn’t having an uncle that they don’t have to visit in prison… wouldn’t that be special? But this? Eddie, look at me!’ Demetrius demands in a voice hard and angry; a tone Eddie hasn’t heard him use before. ‘This,’ he waves the toy in Eddies face, ‘this is not nice especially when it’s been stolen.’
‘I didn’t!’ Eddie snaps standing up.
‘Sit down. I’ll tell you when you can go.’
‘You can’t keep me here against my will. I know me rights.’
‘I’m sure that you think you do. Besides, as head of security, I can. I can keep you as long as I need if I’ve an issue of security to resolve. And it looks to me like I’ve a security matter to resolve. What do you say, Eddie?’
‘It was a one off. I was stupid. It won’t happen again.’
‘That’s easy to say but I need to establish a few facts in my own mind first. If that’s okay with you and your Rights?’ The sarcastic tone’s lost on Eddie.
‘I’ll co-operate with you ‘causes you’ve been decent to me. But I do know my rights and I’ll not stand for any nonsense.’
‘And while we are talking rights, Eddie, do you know my rights? Or the rights of your employer?’
Eddie shakes his head.
‘No. I didn’t think you would. Not for one moment did I think your education would go as far as to cover your responsibilities in order for you to earn those rights that you cling to so tightly. Just like all drowning men. Eddie, let me put you straight on rights and responsibilities and who has what. Your employment contract is based on trust. If your employer cannot trust you they can sack you on the spot. I think that theft is a good reason not to trust someone. But as you’re the one with all the knowledge, about rights, perhaps you know differently?’
‘I didn’t know that.’
‘Thought as much. Tell me, Eddie, how did this toy get in your pocket?’
‘Accident. Look I know my rights. I have to take it off the shop floor and out of the building and you’d to prove that I intended to keep it for it to be theft. You can’t prove I was going to do all that.’
‘That’s not true is it, Eddie. Didn’t you say, to me just now, that you wanted something to give to your nieces?’
‘Yes but I was only …’ he trails off.
Quickly Demetrius continues the conversation, ‘Please, Eddie, don’t make me lose all respect for you. We can all slip. It’s the way you acknowledge wrong doing and then make amends that impresses. Not the stupid lies that embroil one deeper and deeper. So why do you think I didn’t let you get as far as removing it from the store, Eddie?’
‘So you could lecture me. I don’t know. Perhaps you get off on having people beholding to you. Well I’ll not be owing anyone, so, so… Okay, get Miss T to sack me. But I don’t need this lecture.’
‘I think you do, Eddie. Sit down, please. Other people saw you come in here so they’ll be watching you. They don’t know why you’re here. But they will use your actions to confirm, or not, their suspicions. Do you want to feed their quest for salacious gossip about yourself?’
‘No,’ Eddie replies slumping back into the chair.
‘I will tell you where I am with this, Eddie,’ Demetrius says once Eddie has regained his seat. ‘I don’t want to sack you. But I must know that you’re not going to try this again. I know that it’s the first time you’ve tried to steal from us so I’m prepared to make a deal with you.’
Eddie looks up and met his eyes. ‘What type of deal?’
‘Keep your nose clean, Eddie.’
‘It’s not my fault.’
‘That’s not impressing me, Eddie.’
‘But it’s not.’
‘Eddie, before you go on let me tell you something. There are many people in this world. Including people who work here. People who have suffered far more than you’ll ever do. People who’ve seen things, done things and had things done to them that would make a small time store thief curl up and die. These are strong people, courageous people that we all look up to and respect. Men and women who face what life throws at them and do you know what they do, Eddie. I’ll tell you what it is that they do; they stand their ground and keep their dignity. And you, Eddie, you tell me that a few bruises and a pinch to your penis gives you the excuse to take what isn’t yours. It gives you permission to steal from your employer when all there is between employer and employee is a relationship based on trust. Eddie, is that wise? I could have you out of here -.’
‘Then why don’t you?’
‘Believe me, Eddie, I’ve not made my mind up … yet. If I feel there’s the slightest chance you’d do it again then you’re out. But if I detect even a faint glint of decency, that defiant stance, that strength of character, that special something that pulls one through and keeps one focused when the going gets rough.’ He sighs, ‘Eddie, if I see just a glimmer, the merest hit, that that’s in you, then I will do all that I can to support you and help you keep to the right path. But at this moment, Eddie, I’m finding it hard to find anything noteworthy in you. So I need to know, Eddie, is it there? And perhaps it’s me who’s just not looking hard enough?’
Eddie looks around the tiny office. The same one he’d been interviewed in over six months ago. He hears the electric clock, the squeaking of his chair as he fidgets, the silence of their breathing and the rustle of the toy as Demetrius turns it over and over in his hands as he speaks.
He sees the small Formica topped laminated table, the two broken and heavily repaired chairs, the grey locked and battered twin drawer filing cabinet that’s resting on a table that’s also broken and badly repaired. It all looks so sad, unloved and very over worked.
He feels the hardness of the seat on his bottom. There’s an uncomfortable bulkiness in his lumber region were a mound of tape, that’s been used to repair a break in his chair, is digging into the small of his back. He’s only just become aware of it; because up to now he’s been focused on the length of tape that’s been used to seal a break in the Formica. The multiple layers of tape coupled with the splashing of various liquids have now formed a very hard seam just where his left elbow’s resting. He can’t admit to the pains and change position. He has to show Demetrius what a man he is. His manhood aside Eddie finds that these self-inflicted punishments take away some of the sting from Demetrius words. 
‘I’m still waiting for it to show,’ Demetrius says softly.
‘This stinking job -.’ Eddie starts to say and then stops.
‘It stinks. That much is true. But it’s the only job you’ve got. And if you throw it away what else is there for you to do to that will make your nieces proud of you?’
‘What you going on about being proud? You’re in this stinking hell hole as well.’
‘This talk, Eddie, is about you not me.’
‘You’re as bad as her.’
‘And her is?’
‘Candida.’
‘It’s her fault is it, Eddie? Did she ask you to steal …,’ he stops toying with the toy and holds it up, ‘…this?’
‘No. She could buy the whole shelf full and not notice. She has so much.’
‘And you have so little? Is that it? You stole because someone has more than you?’
‘Stop it, Demetrius, just stop it. Yes I stole it. I’m no more than a crappy thief and you should -.’
‘Eddie,’ Demetrius says in a very low and threatening voice. ‘A word of advice, Son. Don’t ever presume to tell me what I should do and what I should not do. The last person to do that …’ Demetrius stops talking before adding, ‘let’s just say that his hat didn’t fit afterwards.’
The violence that the mild mannered and softly spoken Demetrius hints at frightens Eddie. It brings him up short and forces him to pay attention as he realises that there’s more to this refugee than met the eye.
‘I was only saying that I was weak and gave in. That’s what you want to hear isn’t it?’
‘No. This isn’t about me, Eddie. It’s what you want that counts here. In this shop we have all manner of goodies to tempt those who give in. From staff members who take too much from the demonstration tables. To staff who deliberately break the packaging so they can get a reduction on the price. And out and out theft. We have it all. And I see it all. Believe me, Eddie, I do see it all. I know they think I don’t. But I do. You see that’s how a store like this one’s run; on trust. So what we need are people whose own self-belief stops them from taking what isn’t theirs.’
‘And do you still believe in me, Demetrius?’
‘As I said this isn’t about me. What counts is if you still believe in yourself?’
‘No,’ he replies looking down and feeling close to tears. Aware that he’d been totally honest he raises his head and repeats his reply. Affirming he says, ‘No. No. I really don’t think that in the larger scheme of things that I amount to much.’
‘So, Eddie Streetwise, you’re crap. Life’s given you a crap hand. So what you going to do about it?’
Eddie lowers his head and while he fights the tears that threaten he’s aware that he’s allowing the silence to multiply.
‘Eddie!’ Demetrius says softly, ‘you acted like a fool. But you’re not stupid. You know the work here’s menial and the money’s crap. But it does pay you each month and there are opportunities for a boy as bright as you are. So the choice is up to you. Stick this out and see what you can make of yourself. Or go back to fending for yourself on the street, or living under your sister’s feet, playing being the victim of an unfair and unjust society -.’
‘But that’s just what I am!’
‘Eddie,’ snaps Demetrius his warning tone a note above menacing yet it is still ignored by Eddie.
‘Have you forgotten that I was abused as a kid? So naturally I don’t have no self-worth.’
‘I think you know my opinion on that.’
‘Candida said you both felt guilty. Well you’re not acting as if you do.’
‘I think she was talking for herself not for both of us. Besides our shared guilt wasn’t for any abuse. Quite frankly we can’t feel guilty for something we didn’t cause it to happen. Or not happen as the case may be. Our shared guilt was for the lack of justice. But honestly, Eddie, isn’t it time that you took accountability for your own actions?’
‘I -.’ He stops talking and hits his fit on the table. ‘It was a bad day. I was feeling crap and the store’s full of women with kids. They all seem to have happy lives. All with loads of money and there was I. A pile of shit working 39 hour weeks and still not able to afford to buy a toy for my nieces.’
‘Pity me. Poor little me,’ Demetrius mocks. ‘Eddie, get real. Survival of the fittest is that those with drive, self-belief and determination make it.’
‘That’s what I mean. They have it all and I have nothing.’
‘They’d have nothing if they had your attitude.’
‘They’d have my attitude if they’d lived my life.’
‘Crap, Eddie. This is about you being jealous. About you wanting to see someone else fail. Whereas it should be about you making damn sure that you succeed. And that’s up to you. You can make it happen for yourself. You have a good brain. Don’t ruin it by letting it wallow in the mire of self-pity and loathing.’
‘I don’t loathe myself.’
‘Then why you steal?’
‘Doctor Thompson said that it was to hit out at a world that hurt me.’
‘Psychiatrist psychobabble! And believe me, Eddie, I’ve heard more of it than you ever will. If I sack you today who gets hurt?’ When it becomes obvious that Eddie’s fidgeting to avoid answering Demetrius answered his own question, ‘You do. You, Eddie Streetwise, you alone gets hurt. Oh perhaps Sam as well. But mainly you. You can dress it up anyway you like. Say how you’re hurting yourself to get back at a cruel world. But, Eddie, it don’t cut no mustard. As an excuse it sucks. Why, Son, it don’t even work! No one but you gives a damn about what happens to you. So if you want to hurt yourself -. Here,’ he places the toy just by Eddie’s elbow, ‘just pick that trinket up and walk out of here right now. But don’t expect me, or the store, or Miss Taylor or even the Evangelising A O Lincoln to bleed for you. ‘Cause we won’t. We’ll just keep on as we are. All the way to the B A N K cashing our monthly pay checks. While you join your dad and your mother’s lover on the has been and will always be shit pile.’ He stops talking, takes his index finger off the toy and waits. After a few minutes he says, ‘I didn’t think that that was what you wanted for yourself. And I know you’re too smart to think otherwise.’
‘And what you know about all this? I’ve suffered. Been abused and -.’
‘And, Eddie, I’m warning you. Don’t assume that you know what other people have suffered.’
‘I was talking about what I’ve suffered. You said this was about me.’
‘Baby play. Eddie Streetwise, you know nothing. You suffered nothing. You want sympathy because someone, maybe, and it was only a maybe -.’
‘The marks were real. Candida said so in her diary.’
‘Yes the marks were real. But didn’t she also say that she got similar bruises by walking into things?’
‘Yes but -.’
‘No buts. And even if you were hit, forced to sit on a loo or even, horror of horrors,’ the sarcasm in his voice isn’t missed by either man, ‘had your dick pinched. Punk if you’d been through -! Never mind. You’d not have survived. You’ve not got the guts or the balls to live as many people have been forced to. And I’ll tell you this; they don’t whine. They don’t blame other people. They don’t go around saying how sorry for themselves they are. No. They just get on with it and make the best out of the cards that life’s dealt them.’
‘And you know all about this? You with your life as a juror casting judgement that other people have to live by? This is suffering? Doing a few hours and getting paid for it? You know nothing of suffering, pain -.’
‘I warned you, Eddie. Don’t presume.’
‘Presume what?’
‘That life is all sweetness and light for everyone else. You don’t know anyone else’s life story until you know it.’
‘That’s crap. You trying to tell me that people here have had awful lives? Lives that would kill me? You saying the staff here have stories to tell?’
‘Yes, Eddie, I am.’
‘Stories worse than some two year old being sexually abused by some pervert?’
‘Abused? You don’t even know the meaning of the word.’
‘I was that kid. You saw the bruising.’
‘I saw it. Yes, Eddie, I saw it. And it didn’t turn my stomach. I didn’t thirst for blood. I didn’t even give the accused names so that I could dehumanise them and hate them in the abstract. And do you know why I didn’t do all these things, Eddie? I didn’t do it because I’ve seen what that type of abstract dehumanising can do to a peaceful society. Listen to me, Eddie Streetwise, and I’ll tell you what abuse is. It’s being forced to watch your wife being murdered. It’s being forced to have sex with your baby daughter. Killing your own child. Watching as your own child digs your grave with their hands. It’s walking for weeks trying to find shelter and safety. It’s hiding in the damp woods. It’s suffocating a baby because it wouldn’t stop crying. Because crying will bring the soldiers and if you’re found you’ll be killed horribly. Eddie, Eddie, you fool. For God’s sake a few marks and a pinch? It comes nowhere near the abuse I’ve witnessed my friends, my own family and my neighbours do to each other. Eddie, I watched my children being eaten by dogs. Eddie, don’t tell me about abuse. I know all there is to know about it.’


Chapter 15

The office is hot and dark. Night has fallen without either one of them noticing. 
Somehow Eddie knows Demetrius has gone too far. He tries to silently prompt him to continue speaking. When that fails he asks gently ‘What happened?’
‘Oh, Son, I don’t talk about it. I don’t let it fill my waking hours. But in my moments of relaxation the memories … How they come back and how they hurt. I still see their faces. Hear their voices and in the dark of the night. I can still bloody well hear their cries, their moans and those never ending sobs softly pleading. And there I was and so helpless that, even now, it still has the power to break my heart. I tell ya, Son, every time my heart breaks. But I don’t let it destroy me. Don’t let it. See that, Eddie. Present tense. It never goes away. But I control it and not the other way around. You see, Eddie, I know what I’m talking about. I’ve been there. And I can tell you that I’ve had worse done to me. And I know that if I let it then it will destroy me and they’ll have won. And do you know what keeps me going, Eddie? It’s the realisation that if I give into it then they will have won. And not because of any heroic actions on their part; but because I let them win.’
‘Them?’
‘As you know, I said before, I was not born here. I came to this country when …’ he shakes his head, gets up and walks to the filing drawers. 
He removes his bunch of keys from his pocket, selects a small one with an orange tag and opens the bottom drawer. He removes a bottle of whisky and two rather grubby tumblers. He closes the drawer, locks it. As he returns to the table, he lowers the blind, effectively concealing the activity from any prying eyes that are still left in the receiving bay.
‘Don’t you tell anyone about this,’ he instructs, waving the bottle in the air before sitting down and placing a glass in front of Eddie. 
Demetrius pours some of the liquid into his glass and then splashes some into a glass that he picks up and hands to Eddie. He replaces the screw cap on the bottle, raises one of the glasses to his lips, indicates for Eddie to do likewise, before speaking. 
‘It’s not fancy stuff you understand. And I’ve nothing to take the sting out of it so get used to it. Here -,’ he holds out a glass that Eddie takes. They clink the glasses, ‘Chin-chin and all that,’ Demetrius says just before he swallows the entire contents of his glass in one gulp. With eyes closed he wipes his mouth with the sleeve of his uniform shirt on which large sweat stains are showing under both armpits, his jacket being removed long before Eddie had even entered the office.
Eddie raises his glass, recoils as the smell reaches his nose, tries again and finally manages a sip. The rough cheap scotch burns his tongue, his mouth and the back of his throat as it scalds its way to his complaining stomach. He coughs half excepting his guts to be thrown up. 
‘Be a man and take a gulp,’ Demetrius says re-filling his own glass. ‘Go on, Son, take a manly gulp.’
Eddie takes a second sip. He imitates how he remembers Candida had drunk her wine the night that he’d had dinner with her. He finds that if he only moistens his lips with the spirit then he can then work up enough saliva to dilute the Scotch enough to make it, almost, palatable.
‘My story? You really want to her this? It’s not pretty?’ Demetrius asks.
‘Yes, if you want to tell me,’ Eddie replies realising that he may be about to find out why it is that he finds Demetrius to be so inspirational. 
‘My village was on the border. We were fighting them. And them were fighting the others. And the others were fighting us. And all in all it was a bloody mess. I wasn’t involved in the war. At the time I had a young family. I was a teacher in the local school. My school. I’d gone there as a boy so I was proud to be back in the old classroom teaching the next generation. Bring back the benefit of my education. I taught the older boys. My favourite subjects were English, maths, history and geography. I loved learning, finding out about the world and now I’d been given the opportunity to inspire the next generation. I couldn’t have been happier. Then the war started.
‘I was excused military service because I was the teacher. The only other man, of fighting age, in the village to be excused was our priest. Well he’s what you’d call a Lay Preacher. But he served the community like I did. 
‘So the war continued around us. Brother against brother and sisters fighting sisters.’ 
He drains his glass and once again the liquid gushes in. Only this time he doesn’t bother to put the cap back on the bottle. With his right hand holding his glass and his left hand clutching the bottle Demetrius continued his harrowing story.
‘Then one night soldiers came to the village. I tried to reason with them. All we were were women, children, the priest, old men and me. I guess I was 21 or 22 at the time.’ He looks up and straight at Eddie as he adds, ‘in fact younger then you are now. At the time I had three children; one girl of eight months, the other 18 months and a boy of three. My wife was carrying our new baby. Life for us was perfect. I had a good job, I was a well-respected member of the community, my wife was beautiful and fertile. I had everything that a man could want.
‘That night just as the dusk fires were being lit they came for us. Perhaps as many as 50 or as few as ten. It was hard to count in the twilight. They rounded us up. They got all of us who were left. It couldn’t have amounted to 40 villagers. And we ranged from the youngest, my baby, to the eldest a woman of 80. 
‘They came in firing their guns in the air and making a lot of noise. They set fire to the school room and as we came running, to try and save it, they imprisoned us. Those who were too ill or too old, to run to the school house, remained in their homes. So they called for them to come out. Then they searched the village house by house. They dragged out anyone they found and threw them into the mud at our feet. 
‘They set fire to our homes as we stood and watched. Then they separated us into groups. The very old and the ones who’d not come out of their homes, when told to, were stood in the centre of the village.’ He pauses, swallows and then whispers so quietly that Eddied has to concentrate hard to hear the words. ‘They bayoneted the 15 eldest where they stood in the street. In front of us. In front of the eyes of our innocent children.
‘Then they told us to march. I called my wife and children to me. I wanted to make sure that they’d be safe and that I’d be able to protect them. After all I was the School Teacher. I had status and authority. But these … these savages in uniform didn’t respect anything but the law of bloodletting. I carried my two youngest children and my wife and son walked by my side. 
‘We’d been walking for five minutes. By now it was obvious they were taking us into the forest along the steep river bank. It was as we entered the forest and were about to leave the river when I felt blood splash over my left hand side. I turned to see a machete sticking out from between my wife’s ribs and heard the piecing cackle of a soldier laughing. 
‘I was about to hit him when my son -. My son was only a child himself but he knew the danger. And this innocent child pulled me away. I looked from my innocent child’s eyes into those of my wife’s murderer and knew that they could have been the same child. 
‘I looked at my wife as she lay dying. There was nothing I could do but comfort her. I was about to put my girls on the ground so I could take my wife in my arms when another solder forced me on and kicked the dying body of my wife into the river. As he pushed me and the children away he said that her body would feed the fish that he would eat for his supper. Can you imagine how I felt? My children had seen their mother murdered and their father made impotent. And worse I had walked on and left my dying wife to roll down the hill and into her watery grave alone. Or worse force her to lie dying on the ground until something ate her.
‘It was later by a communal grave side that I learnt that six other women had been murdered in this way. Killed with a machete while they walked by the sides of their mothers and holding their infants hands. Two had been holding their infants in their arms; and as they died they fell on top of the child, or took them into the river with them.
‘Eddie, I can’t tell you the millions of emotions that it’s possible to feel in a split-second. I wanted to kill them. All of them. Rip them to pieces and then rip some more. But I had my children to protect and that made me feel that I’d let my wife down. I had just wanted to hold her dying body and give her comfort. Tell her how much I loved her. Reassure her that I’d take care of her children. But I wasn’t allowed. If the truth be told I wanted to die with her. But I had to be strong for the children. 
‘And now looking back after all these years? Now I’ve lived through it I am glad she didn’t. I hope, that for her, the end was swift. I know that, as it was still early the waters would have been cold so, in her weakened state she couldn’t have lasted long. And to gain comfort sometimes I tell myself that I did hear a splash. One so loud that it could only have been her body entering the water. 
‘So, Eddie, they made us walk into a forest clearing and made us start to dig. They didn’t give us anything to dig with we had to use our hands and even the children had to help. And as we dug they told us in graphic detail how they would kill each of us if we didn’t co-operate. And while one was telling us what they planned to do to us others would be yelling at us to dig deeper, faster, better and saying that we’d better make the pit deep if we didn’t want the dogs digging us up and eating us. Make it tidy, they taunted us, you’re going to die in it! Eddie, can you imagine how you feel having your children hear this?
‘As they have a few old and rusty Russian made guns and machetes we do as they tell us hoping that by cooperating they’ll let us go. So, Eddie, we are in this clearing and at this point there are 16 of us ranging from a few months to the other man I was telling you about earlier. The Lay Preacher who’s a few years older than I was.
‘The Preacher and I both had children. The soldiers tore the clothing off our young daughters and hold them up for all to see as they made fun of their underdeveloped sex organs. They forced them to stand and sit in sexually explicit poses while they made awful comments. These were girls who were all under two years old. They were so scared. They didn’t know what the language meant but they knew enough to be afraid.
‘Then,’ he hesitates, closes his eyes and in a rush adds, ‘then they told us to strip off. He and I looked at each other and we silently agreed that the fear, of what they would do to our children if we didn’t comply, was worth the humiliation. We stripped off.
‘Naked we were ridiculed and made fun off. Then we were asked how we’d managed to get our wives pregnant and the parentage of our infants was called into question. We took the insults, the abuse, we needed to protect our babies. 
‘Then the soldiers pointed to our girls, who were also naked, and we were told to rape them. My own children. They threatened us by threatening the girls with such awful deaths that…’ 
Demetrius stops talking, drains his glass and refills it. By now the air is heavy and stale. He lets out a long, long slow breath and as he continues speaking his eyes are clenched against the flow of tears that he isn’t even trying to stem. 
‘We begged that if the solders promised to be swift with their execution then we’d try. They laughed at us; but they agreed. He and I tried to comfort our hysterical children. Softly telling them that we’d be gently with them as I carefully pulled my two daughters towards me. They quietened and all credit to them, as I explained that I was going make it easy for them, they stopped crying and trusted me. 
‘They trusted me.
‘But neither of us could get an erection. So the solders raped our daughters for us. Spitting in our faces and forcing us to watch as our little girls, our future, our past was repeatedly raped by real men. That’s how they described themselves, as real men. 
‘Then they slit their throats saying that they’d not go to heaven, not now that they’re soiled. And they tossed their lifeless bodies into the pit that they’d dug with their bare hands.
‘The six babies were snatched from the arms of their older brothers and had their necks snapped before being tossed on top of the raped children. That left the Lay Preacher, myself and our sons.
‘There was a mound of earth and he and I were told to walk to the top with our sons. We did as they said. We were told to put a rope round the necks of our boys. We did as they said. We were told to pull. He did and the child died. I believe that the pent up range must have made his physical strength so much stronger. Because as he pulled on the rope the chi -! God this is … His … his little head flew into the air and the solders cheered. 
‘I had put the rope over my sons head and I was watching all this as was my boy. As I held the rope between my fingers I caught his eyes and I just couldn’t do it. I know it would have been swift for him. But I just couldn’t bring myself to do it. I stood on this mound sobbing like a baby and with my terrified son not daring to take his eyes off me and look around.
‘Tears prevented me seeing what happened. But I sensed that one of them was in front of me. He kicked me in the stomach and I fell backwards pulling on the rope and my … my son started to scream. The scream was cut off as his head came off.
‘I then felt blows to my chest, back and stomach, warm blood spilled over my clothing. I felt my body being rolled to the ditch on top of all the others. I felt the soil being thrown over my body and knew that my punishment, for not killing my family, was to die slowly from the superficial wounds they’d given me. Wounds and blood that would be certain to attract vermin. Creatures who’d come and start eating me before I was dead.
‘Eddie, they took 40 happy, useful and loving villagers that day. Murdered 15 of them in the high street and left their bodies to the dogs, seven women and two babies were thrown into the river, and the rest of us, our bodies were thrown into this pit. Pit? You couldn’t really call it a pit. It had been dug by two terrified men and a group of petrified children who were all on a death sentence. So it was more of a small indent in the ground, not even a grave – just a shallow hole. 
‘And that was where they rolled my body, bleeding and wounded, but not fatally. Then they half-heartedly shoved earth on top of us and left me to die. But I wasn’t alone. I could hear the soft cries from one of the babies as it ached for its mother. While they were shovelling in earth one of the solders said he saw a movement. He leant over and plunged his machete into the bodies and down into the ground. It came up blood soaked and I lay there waiting for my end too shocked to move, cry out or even register what had happened to me, my family, my wife my village, in fact my life.
‘It was night time when the dogs first came. I felt a wet snout on my naked back and that gave me the strength to push it away. They had managed to scrape the thin covering of earth off so it should have been easy for me to climb out.
‘However, as I started to move the dogs became fierce and, as I had nothing to fight them off with, I lay there and listened as they ripped flesh off the corpses all around me. I remember the crunching sound they made as they chomped through gristle and bone. And I can tell you that it still rings in my nightmares. I don’t know why they left me. One theory, I came across later on, was that as I was still alive and there was plenty of dead flesh they left me for later.
‘Once they had eaten their fill they left taking away bits of humans for their families. When it was quiet I rolled out of the hole and managed to tumble to the lower ground. I staggered to my feet and for several hours I just rested against a tree. The blood had congealed and I was weak; I think more from shock than loss of blood. My wounds had been meant to weaken me and attract vermin not kill me.
‘As I stood in the shade of a tree I watched a dog come back, select the corpse of the other man. It lift him clear out of the pit. Then it ripped open his stomach and gorge on the meal that the Lay Preacher had himself eaten earlier that same day. I felt sick. I wanted to cover the grave and protect the bodies of the children; especially my own little ones. But I didn’t have the energy. All night the dogs came and feasted and I was forced to listen in the dark.
‘I decided not to look at the pit in the morning light. But the gentle crying of a babe drew me to the edge.’ He stops talking and wretches. ‘I’ll not describe it to you. In fact, I couldn’t, not without being violently sick. I got to the edge of the grave, closed my eyes and listened to where the sound was coming from. I plunged my arm into the mass of guts, blood, bodily fluids and grabbed an arm that felt warm. It came away and the crying continued. I threw the arm away and tried again, and again, and again. And each time I brought up bits of baby, child or adult. And as each broke the surface I felt sick and helpless. Eventually I got hold of something warm and knew by the resistance that it was more than a body part. I pushed my other arm in and pulled. Then suddenly in front of my eyes was a baby dripping blood and covered in all types of filth.
‘I clutched that infant to me as if it were my own. I cried and mingled my tears with hers and together we slept on the moist earth.
‘When I woke I reflected on my situation. I knew that there was a safe village two days walk away. But that was two days on a full stomach with clothing. Here I was, naked, sick, wounded, with a baby and all the time I would be trying to hide from the solders.
‘I didn’t know what to do but I knew enough to know that a crying baby would give me away. And as I couldn’t feed her then her crying would only get worse. I hate myself for this but the thought was there in my mind. I knew that if I just held my hands over her mouth while she slept then she wouldn’t feel pain and it would all be over.
‘For God’s sake there’d been so much killing and I’d just decapitated my only son, watched my wife being stabbed, and my daughters raped and murdered. It was only a tiny child that was endangering me getting out and telling the world what was really happening here.
‘Oh, Eddie, don’t look so shocked. I knew even as I thought about it that I couldn’t possible do it. And yet I also knew that if I carried her, and she cried, eventually I’d lose control and hurt her. I looked at this tiny form lying supine on the ground and my heart broke.’
Demetrius drains his glass, pours the last of the bottle of whisky into it and swallows it in a single manly gulp. Again he wipes his mouth on his sleeve.
‘I wanted to protect her. Get her to safety. She’d fought so hard to cling to this life. For her sake and that of her mother, her father, for our village and for my own dead children I determined, there and then, that I had to save the life of this tiny infant.
‘I don’t know. And I don’t want to know. I think that I slept and then woke and then slept again because when I woke it was full daylight and I woke to find her dead beside me. Eddie, I don’t know if I carried out my intention to murder her and I’ve blanked it from my mind. Or if, fortuitously, she died of hunger.’ He lets out a sigh. ‘I know I didn’t cover the grave. I’ll hate myself to my dying day for failing them with that simple duty. I did try but I was too weak and there was nothing to dig with. Besides the dogs or the soldiers could have come back so I had to get away. Besides, the stench! 
‘I have given all the reasons under the sun; all the excuses. Yet I know that in reacting to save myself I let them down. I think a braver man would have given the dead their rightful dignity. Covered them with the healing earth. No matter what the action would have cost him.
‘But I wasn’t brave. I fled. I walked for over a week eating berries and anything that I could catch. Or that came willingly within biting distance of my teeth. And I can tell you that it wasn’t that much. A few bugs, worms, God it makes me sick to think about it. But when you’re hungry, Eddie, and I mean life and death hunger, anything, you’ll eat anything.
‘Eventually, and I really don’t know how I managed it, I found my way to the friendly village. I walked down the high street naked, starving, covered in sores and filth and collapsed by the church door. They were good to me. They took me in, fed me, gave me clothing, bathed my feet, which were sore and blistered from walking, and then handed me over to the NGOs.’
‘NGO?’ Eddie asks softly, not really minding if his question is unheard, or even unanswered.
‘Non-Government Organisations. Some will run camps for refugees. They have no political affiliation but governments do give them funding. The rest, would you believe, is from private donations. They are life savers and they do it with money from you and me. I was in the NGO camp for a long time. I forget how long. It was a silly little thing of a volunteer. She was from a place called Blackpool. I always said I’d visit it sometime. And I will, something. It’s just that the time hasn’t been right.
‘Well she’d just finished her degree and was on a gap year doing voluntary work with a non-governmental organisation - I forget which one. But fortunately for me it was with the one that I was handed over to. 
‘Little by little she got the story out of me. Then just before her contract ended she asked me to marry her. I agreed. I really thought I was helping her. I didn’t realise then that it was the other way round. In my culture we like our women to be solid, capable of child bearing. She was a skinny thing with long straight blonde hair and long limbs. I really thought she wanted to marry me because she was so unattractive that she wouldn’t get a husband otherwise. I really thought I was her last chance. And as she’d been nice to me, I felt if this was a way that I could re-pay her for all her generosity, so I agreed to marry her.
‘Then, on our wedding night, she brandished two tickets to Manchester airport! I didn’t know where that was. And even when we left for England it hadn’t registered with me that it was England in the U.K. A country I’d often dreamed of visiting when I was a boy studying in school. 
‘So you see, Eddie, I left my own country, war torn, a refugee and wreck of my former self. Then I arrive at a wet, windy, cold and miserable Manchester airport as a married man with an invaluable opportunity to see if I can remain here and find work. I often think that life has a sick sense of humour and way of righting wrongs.
‘We didn’t live together. She divorced me the year I became a British Citizen. But for all she did for me I guess you could say that she did restore some of the faith that I’d lost in humanity.
‘But believe me, Eddie,’ he looks at the younger man as he drains his glass. ‘Don’t ever tell me that you’re a victim and that you’ve had a lot to contend with. I can tell you that what you’ve been through …’ he laces his fingers behind his head, leans back on his chair, blows a loud and unattractive raspberry, and then adds, ‘… is nothing. Nothing you hear me. And while you had pictures I’ve got scars all over my body and a heart that’s irreparably broken to prove it.’
Leaning forward he holds Eddie's eyes as he adds gently, ‘Look, Eddie, I don’t want to get into a competition with you. This isn’t about my agony is worse than yours. It doesn’t work like that. What’s important here is that I haven’t let them win. I’ve made something of myself. Okay I had help; which is what Candida and I are offering to you. But you have to do it for yourself, Son. Look at me. You’ve heard what I went through and yet I’ve managed to make something of myself. I’m head of security. I don’t clock in and out. I come and go as I wish. No part of the store is closed to me. I’m in a position of authority and I use it to help and enable other people. I don’t want to punish and destroy. In my short life, Eddie, I’ve seen too much of that side of human nature. So, Eddie Streetwise, what you going to do with the rest of your life?’


Chapter 16

Sam puts her glass down and looked quizzically at her brother. ‘What?’ she asks her tone totally bewildered and she tries to hide the fact that she’s on the verge of total annoyance with Eddie.
‘I told you. What don’t you understand? I met two of the jurors -.’
‘And I told you that I don’t want to know about it. It’s over. I’ve told you before that that part of my life is dead and done with. And I don’t want you raking it up. Okay?’
‘For you it may be. But for me … Well, it’s different. I wish I could put it behind me but I’ve some loose ends to tie up first.’
‘That’s your problem. You always was like a dog with a bone. Eddie, I’m your big sister and I’m telling you to let it drop.’ She says each word slowly emphasising the finality of her point. ‘You and I’s all we have of our family. Okay I’ve got the girls and Mikey, but for you I’m all you’ve got. So let it drop and concentrate on the here and now,’
‘That’s okay for you to say. As you say you’ve got the girls and a husband. Whereas I’m … Well I don’t even have a girlfriend and I’m not likely to form a stable relationship -.’
‘Eddie, I’m warning you. I don’t want none of that Head Doctor stuff around me. Okay you liked her and she listened to you; by all accounts. But it’s not for me. Can we change the record?’
‘It may not be for you -.’
‘Eddie?’
‘Hear me out, Sam. This is me we’re talking about not you. I don’t expect you to go to a shrink. Or anything like that. Sis!’ He almost screeches in frustration as he searches inside himself for an example that will win her over. Rather hurriedly he thinks of a simile and asks, ‘What's that example about an egg and bacon breakfast? For the chicken it contributes where as for the pig it’s a life time commitment. It’s something like that.’
‘What you on about now?’
‘You’re the egg; you were part of it. But I’m the bacon. It’s me. I’m fully committed. I can’t get away from it. No matter how hard I try.’
‘Eddie, I’m your big sister and I only have your best interests at heart. And I’m telling you I’m not eggs and you’re not bacon. Now just forget it.’
‘Forget it?’
‘Yes. Move on. You’re doing okay for yourself.’
‘No thanks to the past.’
‘That’s the point I’m trying to make. It’s the past. Leave it there. Let it look after itself and you -. Well you move on. Like I’ve done. Besides, you’ve been offered that training course with your job. Management material you are. That’s what they said. You, my little brother, and you have management potential,’ she says the word with difficulty. But her eyes are bright and full of admiration indicating that she’s practiced the word so she can pronounce it properly with all her friends.
‘Look, it’s not going to happen.’
‘And why not? You’re as good as them others. You go for it, Eddie. Go on, Eddie, make m -.’ She interrupts herself and changes the sentence to, ‘Make the girls and me proud of you.’
‘You were going to say mum then weren’t you?’
‘Eddie, let it drop. She’s dead; the no good filth. You and me we have a future and so do my girls. Let’s think about them and us and the future, please?’
‘I can’t. Well I can. But first I want to get clear in my mind about what happened -.’
‘Eddie! Now you listen to me! Right now and you listen good. For once and for all that’s it. I’ll not have it. No! Just you stop doing this to yourself and to me. I’ve little ones to think of. Stop it, Eddie. Don’t go raking up the past. It only hurts.’ As she speaks her voice gets higher and tighter until the last few words sound as if they’ve been strangled between clenched lips.
‘You want another one of them?’ Eddie asks as she drains her glass.
‘Not if you’re going to talk about that old stuff. When you invited me out for a drink I got Mikey to baby-sit because you told me you’d got some great news. I was so proud of you when you gave me that letter to read. And I told the girls. And they were proud of you. Mikey even thinks you may make something of yourself after all. I told them all that you had something special. And that it would take time for it to come out; but you’d see us all right in the end. I did say that, all that and more. And yet here I am and are we celebrating? No! We’re not! You prefer to rake over the past. I came out for some fun with my brother. And you’re just blathering on about what’s over and done with. And to be honest, Eddie, if that’s all you brought me round here to talk about then I may as well go back home right now and let Mikey go out.’ She stands up, hands him her glass and adds, ‘another Baileys and Coke with lots of ice. They hardly put any in last time. And a thick slice of lime. Got that? I need a pee, but looking at the queue round the bar, I’ll be back long before you. You think my coat’ll be okay left here?’
‘You mean will someone like me walk off with it?’
‘No. That wasn’t what I was saying. I meant to mark that the table was occupied. Or should I sit here with my legs crossed ‘til you get back with the drinks?’
‘You go. I’ll wait here and guard the table.’ 
Eddie watches as his older sister walks to the loo. She has a style of walking that draws attention to her. He notices as the other men in the bar look at her, admiring her well rounded hips and fuller figure. Her hair’s dyed red and cut into a bob that sways with each movement. He feels guilty, but even her brother can’t help but notice how her baggy jumper, black and brown horizontal stripes, (and against all the fashion and advice trends) emphasises her voluptuous body. As always Sam is her own woman. Like or loathe her people always notice her and she loves to be the centre of attention. Her low cut blue jeans, nestling on her hips, emphasise the belly that’s just swelling to the point where it’s obvious that her condition isn’t just excess of food. The only reason for that curvature is new life growing inside a protective wall. He watches as she stops at the loo door, stands back to let two twenty-something’s come out and then as she sidestepped them they turn around and look enviously at her. Eddie feels proud that she’s his big sister. And she’s the one woman who’s loved and cared for him; no matter what.
In his mind he contrasts his plump and wonderful sister with the beautiful, glamorous and sexy Candida. He’s still wondering if he can get them to meet when Sam returns to her seat breathing heavily.
‘You were a long time?’ he observes.
‘Had to have a fag out the back. Sorry. You going for the next round now?’
‘You not giving them up?’
‘Why?’
‘The baby, Sis?’
‘No way. I had them other two so I knows what to expect. I wants this one to be as small as possible. If smoking reduces birth weight I’m all for it.’
‘Sam -.’
‘Don’t Sam me in that tone of voice. You don’t have to drop ‘em. It’s like shitting a watermelon. It’s okay for you blokes. You get the fun and then none of the pain.’
‘But they say -.’
‘Eddie, it’s my body and I’m doing what’s right for it. Go on get the drinks in. I’m gagging for one.’
Eddie finds that this trip to the bar is quicker than the last one he’d made. He’s served by the landlord who doesn’t want to chat and who really can’t be bothered to converse with Eddie at all. 
As he walks back to their table he contrasts this, his local, to the pub that Demetrius took him to. He’s walked a few feet thinking about the cheap flooring, the chipped glasses and, as he’s being bumped into time and time again, the lack of sophistication in the current clientele. But long before he’s cross the bar, reached their table (the one nestled in a secluded alcove) and placed the drinks in front of Sam he’s smiling broadly. He feels so much more at home here than in those other places.
‘Good. Now what you want to talk about?’ she asks gulping down some of the liquid.
‘I want,’ he said in carefully measured tones, ‘to know what happened. And, Sam,’ he adds his tone harder, louder as he holds her eyes. ‘I am going to find out the truth. And you can help, or hinder, me as much, or as little, as you like. I’d prefer you to help. But it’s your choice.’
‘Eddie, for the last time!’ she warns her eyes burning and her face flushed as she glares at her brother over the rim of her glass.
‘Just now, Sam, you said that you’d smoke and that it was your body so you’d do what’s right for you?’
‘You going to lecture me on that as well?’
‘No. All I’m saying is that it was me that was abused. Not you. It was my body with all those bruises on. Not yours. So as you can do with your body as you want so I have the right to find out what happened to mine.’
‘Eddie, for the last time,’ Sam slams her drink down spilling the contents over her exposed flesh and the table surface. 
Without hesitation she licks her hand before wiping the bottom of the glass on a coaster and then, after retrieving a dirty and used tissue from her jeans pocket, she proceeds to mop up the spill. Her cleaning completed she drops the tissue into the ashtray, the look of disgust etched on her features, a look that Eddie’s unsure if she means it to be for the tissue or for him. Eddie watches the cleaning process, desperately trying to find the words that will win her over. 
‘Why, Sam?’ he asks softly. ‘Why shouldn’t I know what happened to me?’
‘You do know. Okay the trial was a cock-up from start to finish. They got away with it. Well he did. I never knew why mum stood by him. Not after what he did to you.’
‘And you know for certain that he did it?’
‘I was older than you, Eddie, my memory’s better. Besides mum never could pick a decent man -.’
‘Dad was okay?’
‘Well was is right,’ she emphasises the word was. ‘Okay dad was okay, just. So mum didn’t have a decent man since she left dad. Then again, thinking about how he’s turned out, I’m not so sure that he’s that decent.’
‘And in your mind there’s no room for doubt?’
‘None at all. It’s simple. He abused you and got away with it. That’s why I don’t let my girls go near them.’
‘Mum’s dead, Sam.’
‘I know that.’
‘But you said that you don’t let the girls go near them.’
‘It’s a figure of speech, Eddie. It don’t mean a thing. Besides she was alive for the birth of our Kylie if not for Jo-Lo.’
‘I met him. He’s in no state to see kids.’
‘I don’t care what state that bastard’s in, Eddie. He didn’t get what should have been coming to him from the court. Got to walk out of that Scot free. The perv! Where’s the justice in that? No wonder we parents have to take the law into our own hands at times. With pervs like him on the street it’s just not safe for nice girls no longer.’
‘He’s lost his flat, his job, everything. He’s now living on the -.’
‘Eddie, I don’t care. In fact I’d go as far as to say good. So the bastard got what’s due him. Don’t expect me to have any sympathy. And you shouldn’t either. Okay perhaps he’s now paying for what he did to you all them years ago.’
‘And dad?’
‘He never amounted to much.’
‘Candida -.’
‘What? He’s got an illness or something? I don’t want you touching the kids if you’ve got an STD, Eddie. And I mean it.’
‘No that’s her name. Well this woman Candida was on the jury -.’
‘Eddie, I told you. I don’t want to talk about this.’
‘No. Listen to me, pleases, Sis?’
‘No. You see, Eddie, I just don’t see -.’
‘And you never will if you don’t listen. Look Candida said that at the trial dad looked financially okay and that he was well dressed. He was some sort of manager for a bank or a building society or something. He had a good job and we all lived together.’
‘I could have told you that.’
‘It’s that type of information I need to pull all the pieces together in my mind. But dad did love us and we lived with him?’
‘Yes. But all that crumbled because that bastard got away with doing to you what he did.’
‘And what did he do to me, Sis?’
‘You know. He hit you and played with your Piss ‘pout, and punished you when you were naughty.’
‘Naughty?’
‘You know, Eddie. I really don’t see why you would want to go raking over all this again. Can’t you leave it alone?’
‘And was I naughty, Sis?’
‘Eddie, I’m not having this conversation with you. Not now, not here, not never. Got it? Now when’s this training course -. Eddie, where you going?’
‘Sam, I came here to ask you about an event in my life that means a great deal to me. I am going to find the truth. I’ve spoken with dad, Ben and two of the jurors. They each have a slightly different version of events. But most of the events are the same. I wanted to know what your take on the subject was. I don’t want recrimination, blame and counter blame. We got that in court and it didn’t resolve anything. Sis, how can I help you to understand that I need to clear up my past before I can fully embrace my future?’
‘Sounds to me like you already have. Have you listened to yourself? You’ve just said more long words than you’ve ever said in all your previous years put together.’
‘Sam, I’m mixing with people who … Well they’re different. They have a view on life that’s … different.’
‘Got six heads have they? Four arms and no legs. Is this why they’re different to you and me? Give it a rest, Eddie, they’re like us only you want them to be different so you can re-write history.’
‘No, that’s just not true. It’s so I can find out what really happened.’
‘A perv got away with playing with your Piss ‘pout and hitting you. That’s why I have to make sure that the ones that get to court now know what we women think of them. My own brother -.’
‘You don’t tell people, do you?’
‘Tell ‘em what?’
Realising that he shouldn’t have interrupted her Eddie wonders how he can get Sam to finish was she’d started to say. ‘Sam, help me understand, please. Then I’ll be able to put it all behind me and I’ll make sure my nieces are proud to call me Uncle Eddie.’
‘My memory. You and I were close. Always have been. We came down with dad and he left us. We both started to cry when we got to the flat. It was awful. It smelt awful. I didn’t know it then but it was of damp, of old clothes and dirty washing. We got put in their bed. Well it was actually just a mattress on the floor. Mum said they’d removed the frame so if we fell out we’d not have far to fall. I think I knew then that she was lying and that in truth they just didn’t have a bed; just the mattress. 
‘I hated it. And so did you. They had two kittens and they pissed the place as much as you did. It was … Eddie,’ she adds at length, ‘it was a hell hole. How mum stuck it I just don’t know. No curtains, broken fixtures, fitting, the bathroom soiled and broken. It makes me sick to think of it even now.
‘Well dad had just got you toilet trained and I think that the shock of being in that awful flat made you wet the bed the first night. He was so annoyed with you because of it. He screamed at you yelling that it was his bed and that you’d ruined it for them. It was as if he thought you’d done it deliberately. He kept out of our way most of the time after that. Crap room, pity. I think our mum deserved a good provider. Like my Mikey is.
‘Mum bought us things trying to make it a holiday. But then he’d yell at her. It was all about money. His money he’d tell her and then he’d swear at her. Foul mouth he had on him. My Mikey isn’t like that.
‘Didn’t he have a son or something? I can’t remember why an old lad was there but he was. And didn’t he share our bed? It’s all so hazy. 
‘What’s not hazy is him hitting you and standing over you with his foot pressed down on your lap yelling at you to piss in the loo before you’d be allowed to go to his bed. Often I’d have gone to bed and been fast asleep before mum would creep into the room and put you in bed besides me. 
‘We were both very glad to get out of that place. Don’t you remember? It was on the top floor of an old house and we’d decided that it was haunted and that the ghosts would come for him,’ she confesses her eyes bright and her tone victorious. ‘But they never did,’ she adds softly and then softer still ‘Which if you ask me’s a shame.’
‘Did we fight. You and I?’
‘No, Eddie, we was brother and sister. Siblings don’t fight.’
‘Not even play fighting?’
‘Not that I remember.’
‘You remember them buying us toys, Sam?’
‘Mum did. Small 50p toys that we’d hide in our pockets so he couldn’t find them. Anything bigger and there’d be all hell to pay.’
Eddie tentatively asks, ‘So a play sword, or something similar, would have been something she may have bought us?’ 
Sam looks at Eddie and in her eyes he sees the birth of a question. She quickly throttles it. But now, no matter what she says in reply to his question, he knows what that expression was trying to say. From this day forward he will always wonder. 
‘You see,’ Eddie explains not looking at Sam, ‘there was talk about a toy sword at the trial?’
‘The only sword he’d have given us would have been a real one and in his hands. Eddie, I don’t want to see you hurt. He was a bastard and totally crap as a man and as a father. He’d had three kids of his own and they all had different mothers and not one of them could stand the sight of him.’
‘Then why did his kid hang around? Sleep in our bed?’
‘Desperation? I don’t know. Perhaps his mum got fed up of him; chip off the old block and all that. Perhaps she decided that his dad had better take his turn. Eddie, it’s not helping.’
‘Sam, what was it like sleeping with me in the same bed?’
‘We did it all the time. At home, at Gran's and on holiday. It was nothing new.’
Eddie drains his bottle of lager and wonders why he can’t bring himself to ask the one question that had puzzled Candida. Yet now face to face with his sister, the one person who can answer the question, he’s afraid to ask. 
‘I guess, Sam, you’re right. I’m off. You want walking home?’
‘No, some of us girls are meeting up at nine and going round the hostel. Just to make sure that them pervs are all tucked up for the night. And woe betide any that aren’t. You want to come as well? There’ll be other men there.’


Chapter 17

Eddie looks at the two men who are standing over the grave of his mother. He wants to go up to them and, on this the anniversary of her death, tell them to piss off and leave her alone. But he doesn’t. Instead he stands in the shadows and watches. He watches the apparent indifference of one and the display of pain by other one. Fearfully he wonders if anyone will ever love him in that way.
This morning, when he’d finally made up his mind to come, he’d asked Sam if she would come with him. She’d been standing at the sink, looking out, washing up with her hands deep in the soapy water. He remembers watching as the suds oscillated; a sure sign that she was agitated. Not being clever enough to realise that it was his conversation that was making her angry he’d ventured to suggest that they made a day of it and take the kids to visit their grandmother’s grave. 
The dirty water had saturated him and filled every orifice. His nose, mouth and a drop of two of soapy liquid even managed to find its way deep into his eyes. He’d run from the house with both of them screaming abuse at the other. Then he’d come to visit his mother alone. 
He’s disappointed that this trip isn’t going to be the family outing he wanted. For Eddie this pilgrimage, on this day, is the start of Streetwises’ claiming the grave of their own for themselves. In cinematic colour he’d pictured a silent standoff. Ben would arrive to see the rightful family tending her grave. So he’d vanish in the mist, his reason to exist extinguished and he as a man un-mourned.
Now seeing Ben and his son stood over his mother’s grave he feels even more alone and unhappy.
As he stands in the shadows and works out what to do he reflects on the appearance of both men. The last time he’d seen Ben Bridge he’d been wearing a filthy rain coat, cut away shorts (that in a long forgotten previous life had once been a pair of classy grey slacks), a torn 1994 Cider Festival T-shirt that while it had once been white was now a mass of greying stains. Eddie remembers that his feet had been clad in sandals that were held together by string. Ben’s feet had been filthy, the skin broken, stained and bruised. He’d been a mess, a tramp and nothing but a shadow fit only for pity. Yet now standing over her grave he had changed. He’s wearing proper shoes, they’re old, black leather, highly creased and a little down at heel, but better than his falling apart sandals. At least these shoes will keep the wet out and there’s still plenty of wear in them. He’s got on a baggy black jumper, patched at one elbow, but clean and apparently freshly laundered. Then on his lower half he’s wearing what could almost be described as fashionably, un-fit black jeans, not new, but again, clean and freshly laundered.
Eddie then turns his attention to the other man with Ben; the one who’s not even trying to hide his disinterest. He’s young enough to be one of the boys that Ben had had by a previous relationship. Or rather during the string of previous relationships that he’d had before he met and started living with Eddie’s mother. Eddie notices the humped back and scruffy appearance of Ben and reluctantly realised that since his mother’s death it looks, at least it does to Eddie, as if Ben has given up on forming any type of relationship.
Eddie returns his attention to the younger man. Obviously younger then Ben; but quite a bit older than Eddie yet he’s dressed, as is Eddie, in the uniform of youth of, jeans, black hooded jacket, T-shirt, white socks and un-laced trainers. He’s taller than Ben and has more meat on his body. When he turns sideways, on Eddie, Eddie cannot help but notice the pronounced protuberance of a well formed, and well maintained, beer belly. 
Ben gets up off the marble chippings, gently bends over in order to place, on her grave, the wild flowers that he’s been holding. He then gestures to the other man who, throughout, has remained motionless at the foot of the grave.
The other man stretches out his arm. Ben turns away and in so doing sees Eddie for the first time. He freezes, looks away, looks back at Eddie as if hoping, looks away again and then touches the younger man on the arm.
‘We’ll leave her for now,’ he says softly.
‘Don’t go on my account,’ Eddie snaps stepping forward and for the first time seeing the face of the other man. 
It’s like looking at Ben as he was when they had first met. 
Eddie feels a chill go down his spine.
For him it’s like looking into the eyes of his tormentor again.
Realisation demands to be let in. 
Eddie fights it.
‘Eddie,’ Ben acknowledges stepping towards him. ‘No, it’s alright we’ll go. It’s only right that you have time alone with her.’
‘Eddie?’ the other man asks, ‘Eddie who?’
Ben looks at Eddie and they exchanged a silent question and answer. Eddie’s touched that Ben is being so sensitive to his feelings. Ben shows, in his radiant smile, that he feels nothing but warmth and love. A love he regrets not being able to express better all those years ago. But still a real deep love for the child of the woman who he had loved and who’s now sleeping in the cold, cold earth below him.
‘Michael, this is Eddie Streetwise. Used to go be the name of Clive when he was a nipper. But now he’s all grown up he prefers his middle name. Eddie, this is Michael, my eldest. You remember him?’
‘Michael,’ Eddie says coldly without moving a muscle or even looking at the other man. If he looks at him Eddie knows that he’ll see the eyes of his tormentor again and have to ask. Have to blurt out, Was it you?
‘Eddie,’ Michael acknowledges also without moving a muscle and with his eyes averted. 
‘Well come on boys it’s her anniversary. Let’s try and be adult for her sake. We all loved her. Didn’t we, Eddie, Michael?’
‘I think we should go, Dad. As you said Eddie here has a right to be alone with his mother.’ Turning to Eddie and addressing him directly for the first time he adds, ‘and Sam, is she with you?’
‘No she -.’ He decides not to lie just to keep his fantasy alive. ‘She …’ but he can’t help himself. As he clings to his image of a family by the grave he fudges the truth. ‘…couldn’t come. Perhaps later on,’ he returns the gaze.
‘And how are you, Eddie?’ Michael asks tentatively.
Eddie resists the urge to hit him in the face, grind his nose into the flowers his dad’s just placed on his mother’s grave. Then in the nick of time the words of Demetrius come back to him. Pride and his decision that he will rise above the humiliation and degradation of pain fill Eddie. He puffs out his chest and steps, proprietorially, closer to the grave.
‘Fine,’ he replies not bothering to reciprocate the enquiry as politeness alone would have required him to do.
With his back to Ben and Michael he stands over the grave, over the exact spot where Ben’s just been sitting. He bends down, runs his fingers through the chippings as if stroking a human head and whispers; not too softly as he really needs them to be able to hear him.
‘Mum, it’s me,’ he says sitting down. ‘Sorry I’ve been a while they keep me busy at the store. I think I told you I got a good job with Uppermarket. It probably wasn’t built in your time. It’s a posh and very up-market shop, just off the industrial estate. But I’ve already told you this and you don’t want me banging on about it again. Remember I said I was a management trainee. They said I was too good for the shop-floor and wanted me for this scheme they run. That’s why I took the job; it had prospects. Like you always said I should look for. A job with prospects. So I knew that’s what you’d want for me. A good job with prospects. But they don’t half keep me working hard.
‘I’m doing a fulltime job and this training. The training’s going well. They say I’ll have my first manager role by this time next year. That’s what I came to tell you, Mum.’ 
Still with his back to Ben and Michael he lowers his eyes from the gravestone to the grave. He places his fingers over where he imagines her heart to be before continuing to talk to her in hushed and whispered tones.
‘You hear that, Mum? Your little boy’s to be a store manager. They’re really pleased with me. And my exam results were great. The head of security is taking me and a friend out to a posh restaurant to celebrate.’ He stops talking and with his back to his living audience he makes sure they’re still there and can hear every word he’s whispering to his dead mother.
‘Mum, I wish you were here to see this. I’ve put the past behind me. It’s all going to be fine. I’ve yet to tell dad. To be honest I don’t really think he’ll care. Sam’s pleased. Actually she’s embarrassing me by telling all her friends and introducing me as if I’ve just been crowned king of England. Which I think in her eyes I have. She tells the girls how proud of their uncle they should be. I guess it’s good to be at the centre of a good-news story for once. Oh and I had my picture taken for the press. Well for our trade mag. They’ve done a big story on me. They say I’ll come top of the class and that one of the directors is going to take me to see the new store they’re building in Slough. He said I can go there as a Junior Assistant Manager if I get the right results on the course. 
‘Mum, I know it’ll mean leaving London, Sam, and you. And I hope you don’t mind. I know you’d never stand in my way of improving myself. I know that. And I will come back and see you and perhaps one day I’ll bring a sweet face with me. Actually, Mum…’ he stops talking as he tunes into the gentle breathing of his living audience. Once satisfied they’re still listening he adds, ‘there is a someone special. She’s a little older than me. She’s very good for me. Keeps my feet firmly on the ground. She’s helped me a lot with this training. I go to her place and we read books and things, listen to classical music and she tells me all about what we’re listening to. You’d like her, Mum, she’s stunning. But I’m not rushing my fences. She got her own place so moving to Slough won’t be a problem. If she sells her house it would buy us something fantastic in Slough. And she could keep her London flat -. Yes, Mum, she has a flat and a house. So we’ll have somewhere to stay when we come back here. To see you or Sam or catch a show or a concert. Mum…’ he starts to say and stops. He remaining silent as, he once again, he toys with the marble chippings.
Dreamily Eddie watches as the small pieces of stone fall through his fingers. He notices the angles, the colours and contrasts it with the gentle curvature of some of the other pieces. If he’s wondering if giving voice to his favourite fantasy about Candida is wrong he tells himself that it would make his mother happy. Besides they, the living, shouldn’t be eavesdropping. He smiles as he raises some of the stones to eye level and then lets them flow through his fingers back to the grave side. It’s a really nice fantasy, him and Candida, he yearns, aches for it to be true.
‘Well, Mom,’ he says standing up. ‘Best be off,’ he turns and faces Ben and Michael. ‘You still here,’ he adds. ‘I’ll be going. Bye.’


Chapter 18

‘So how did you find me?’ Eddie asks Michael as he takes the beer from the older man.
‘You said you had a job in Uppermarket. I must admit I didn’t expect you to be driving a fork.’
‘Trainee managers do everything. That’s the only way we get to be able to tell if the workers are taking the piss.’
‘Odd phrase for you to use?’
‘What keeping the working man under my thumb? Look, Mate, I know all the tricks. I caught this thief the other day. Listen; I tell you he was so shocked he almost pissed his pants. He didn’t even know I was watching him do it. There he was by the Pocket toys and I spots him a mile off. I called security and said that this guy was about to nick something. Well the head of security, a bloke named Demetrius... He’s foreign but a good bloke. Well he tells me I’m wrong and I say just watch. And we do. This guy reaches out for a toy but he picks up two and thinks that we don’t notice that he only puts one of them back and that the other one he slips into his pocket. Well I’m on to him now. I follow him out of the store all calm and controlled and then I pounce. I call for back-up. You never know when the thieving shits’ll get nasty. We haul him back inside, call the Old Bill, and he’s banged to rights. Got the bastard.’
‘Sounds like the old poacher turned gamekeeper routine to me?’
‘Eh?’
‘Didn’t you do some time in jail yourself, Eddie? And wasn’t that for taking something that didn’t belong to you?’
‘Someone else took something from me that didn’t belong to them?’
‘And two wrongs …?’
‘I didn’t say that.’
‘So, Eddie, you’ve learnt your lesson?’
‘Yes besides my past is how I know what to look for.’
‘And didn’t you do some time in Juve when you were younger?’
‘What’s this? Rake up the past or something. Back there, in the store, you suggested a drink after work. You said you’d like to tell me a few things. That’s why I agreed to come along. Besides, they do know about my past. Demetrius says that it’s better to piss inside the tent and all that.’
‘Who’d have thought that you’d turn out to be such a know it all. Miss quoting great leaders and doing a management course. You know the last time I saw you, Eddie, you were pissing the bed and getting on everyone’s nerves. Well, actually, not as much as Sam did. But you say she’s married now and with a couple of kids of her own. God help the poor sods.’
‘That’s my sister and she’s -. What you looking at me like that for?’
‘Eddie, for God’s sake she was a right little madam. Didn’t grow out of the terrible twos if you ask me. She always needed to be the centre of attention. And if she wasn’t then she’d scream the place down until she was.’
Laughing Eddie admits, ‘She's not changed much.’
‘Didn’t think she would. She was too headstrong and always got her own way.’
‘Yes. You do as she wants.’ Eddie laughs aloud. ‘Or do it behind her back.’
‘And what are you getting up to behind the back of your big sister?’
‘This and that,’ Eddie says lifting the bottle of lager to his lips and drinking. ‘This and that,’ he adds putting the bottle back on the table top. He looks around. It’s the first time he’s been back to this pub since that night with Demetrius. It’s better the second time around, perhaps familiarity does breed contentment, or was it that this time he isn’t paying?
‘So you don’t always do as she wants?’ Michael asks.
‘I’m my own man. It was a surprise. You coming to see me at work.’
‘Dad asked me to.’
‘I didn’t think you were that close.’
‘We aren’t. But you always feel you should help out family. If you can. And he gave up a lot when your mother died. I guess you never know the strength of other people’s relationships.’
‘You can say that again. I come here a lot. Do you like this place?’ Eddie adds trying to imply that this posh pub is his local.
‘I drive past it off and on. I’m a trucker and one of my rounds brings me this way.’
‘So I may unload you some time,’ Eddie notes his desire to establish links with another human making him forget his subterfuge.
‘You never know. But I tend to do long distance; tankers. Can trainee managers take petrol off by fork-lift these days?’
Eddie laughs and put his hands round the bottle. ‘I could try and sometimes I believe that I could do it. And at other times I feel like shit and don’t even want to open my eyes.’
‘Yet you’re being given this opportunity to become a manager.’
‘It’s the head of security. I guess he’s looking out for me.’
‘It’s good to have friends in high places.’
‘Yes, Demetrius and Candida have been good to me.’
‘Candida? Candida,’ he whispers, ‘isn’t that a disease of some sort?’
‘No … Well yes, perhaps it is. But it’s also the name of a very lovely woman.’
‘Yes, you mentioned her as well, at the grave side.’
‘She’s special to me. I owe her a lot.’
‘And my dad?’
Eddie looks at him and watches as the other man drains his glass and offers, ‘You want another?’
‘Sure do. You not a drinking man?’ Michael indicates the almost full bottle of beer that Eddie’s struggling with.
‘I guess it’s my shout then. Same again or something else?’
‘You’re right about this place. It’s a good pint, expensive, but he keeps it well. Sure. Same again for me,’ he adds handing the empty glass to Eddie.
Eddie’s prepared for the rugby scrum that’s gathered around the bar as the chattering-classes disported themselves at every table. Only it’s different this time. Because this time he knows he’ll soon be one of them; a manager. As he walks around the group, skirting their belongings he takes time to notice them, their clothes, hair styles and to listen to their conversations. They’re fascinating. This time, as he walks among them, he isn’t offended. If anything he’s stimulated and his anticipation of brotherhood excites him. 	Eddie walks to the bar, a smile fixed to his lips which remains there as he orders and pays for his drinks and as he returns to Michael Bridge. All the time images of himself in the middle of one of these animated groups, dressed as they are, talking like they do and having money to burn, like they appeared to have, fill and please him. He’s soon to become a manager; just like them. He notices an elegant man in a blue suit with a thin gold stripe. He decides that he’ll look for a suit like that when he, like them, is a manager and can afford to meet his friends in expensive out-of town bistros. 
‘I was surprised to see you at the shop. I guess if your dad told you to come and see me he must have told you that I met him. One of the times I went to her grave. He was there and we got talking,’ Eddie says dismissing Michael's offered money by clouding over the factual details. ‘Here,’ he says placing the pint on the table. ‘It’s on me. You got the first round. Besides you’ve a wife and kids to keep. I’m my own man.’
‘With a girlfriend who has money?’
‘Yes. But I’ll not let her keep me. I’m the man and she’s the babe. So, Michael, why did you come and look for me?’
‘Dad asked me to talk to you.’ 
‘And why would he do that?’
‘Eddie, I know what you think of him?’
‘Do you?’
‘Well no. But I could understand if you hated him. But honestly Angie dying destroyed him and he didn’t want anyone else to be hurt by it?’
‘Bit self-indulgent?’
Michael looks at Eddie as he sips at his beer. ‘You don’t half have a strange way of talking for a kid from nowhere.’
‘What’s that supposed to mean?’
‘Well like using words like self-indulgent?. It’s just posh.’
‘Is it? I forget. I did shrink duties in the nick. Got plenty of access to doctors who knew words that were that long that I didn’t know if they had an ending or not. Now I think about it most of ‘em were about me.’
‘Dad said.’
‘What else did he say?’
‘That it seemed that all of you had paid a hefty price for what should have been a week’s holiday for you and Sam.’
‘And what’s he paid?’
‘Eddie, that’s unkind. You’ve seen him. He’s a shell. He’s not even a man any longer. All he does is sit by her grave and when they kick him out at closing time he sleeps close by so that he can be back as soon as they open in the morning. Eddie, it’s no way for a man like him to live.’
‘And what’s a man like him? And how should he live?’
‘Not like that. Okay he wasn’t the best dad in the world. But he did try and he did want to love you and Sam. And not only for Angie’s sake. He liked being with kids and to be honest, my memories of him, when he was at home was that he was full of games and always played -.’
‘Yes I know all about that. He played with me, rather roughly, if the pictures are to be believed.’
‘Eddie, they were found innocent.’
‘He was let off on a technicality.’
‘Dad said you were interested in the trial?’
‘Did you get involved?’
‘No. I was 15 so I knew what was going on. Besides I had problems of my own. You know Eddie, I also went to Juve. Yes. I was off the rails and like you I got a job driving trucks at Uppermarket. Only my management potential wasn’t spotted. But someone did watch me drive and offered me the chance to take an HGV licence and I’ve never looked back. I moved out to Southend when I could. I earn good money. I have a wife and a couple of lads of my own. So being at the coast seemed a good idea.’
‘So you know Demetrius?’
‘Yes I guess that was the same old man. He was ancient when I worked there. I’d reckoned he’d be pushing up daises alongside Angie by now.’
Eddie resists the urge to correct him. If Michael doesn’t know the story then he isn’t going to tell him. He does not want to let someone else into the circle of the few who know why Demetrius looks like such an old man. 
‘Yet it’s her down there, young and beautiful, not some old man with a weather-beaten face,’ Michel observes.
‘You know the cause of death?’
‘Overdose, Eddie, and it wasn’t given her by my dad.’
‘That’s not what my dad says.’
‘You’d expect him to say anything else?’
‘No, Michael, I guess not.’
‘And I don’t think that we’ve come here to talk about our old men.’
‘You know, Michael, I’m looking for pieces from my past. You have anything for me?’
‘That week that you and Sam came to stay was the worst week of my life. My mum had just thrown me out. She said I was out of control and that my dad should take his share of the responsibility. I turned up at his flat just after you and Sam got there.
‘Naturally I expected dad to want me. I knew he had Angie there but she and I got on really well. So I thought they’d both welcome me with the proverbial open arms. I was desperate to call mum and say that I didn’t want to go back and that dad and Angie wanted me. That’s what I wanted. No. That’s what I expected when I walked up the five flights of stairs to their attic flat.
‘So without fear I knocked on the door and turned the handle. It was locked which was my first shock. Dad didn’t lock doors; a throw back from his misspent youth. So I listened at the door and there was these strange sounds so I decided had the TV on. I thumped on the door and my dad answered it demanding to know where the fire was.
‘He didn’t have much money but dad kept himself and his place spotless and took a pride in his surroundings. I walked into the flat and it was a mess. He was un-shaven, Angie hadn’t changed out of her dressing gown and hadn’t even brushed her hair. They both hadn’t showered but they’d obviously had sex. Dad let me in and when I told him I’d been thrown out he said I couldn’t stay there. It was Angie who said that I had to and eventually, he agreed.
‘As soon as Angie told you both that I’d be staying Sam came running up to me and demanded that I play horses with her. When I said no she pinched me and told me that I had to. 
‘Eddie, I was 15 and my mum had thrown me out and my dad had told me I couldn’t stay with him. I didn’t need that type of childish demanding of attention. I actually needed something of my dad for myself. So I asked my dad to make me a coffee so he and I could be alone in the kitchen. My dad was always very strict about not having children in the kitchen; so I knew we’d be safe there.
‘But no she comes storming into the kitchen after us. So he and I decided we needed to get out of the flat for a while. I knew Angie was angry with us for, apparently, abandoning her. But as I said to him you were her kids not his; while I was actually one of his. So we left the flat. He closed the door with Angie almost in tears. And there you were; sat by the electric fire looking as if you’d been dropped from heaven. You were the only evidence of calm in that room. You were saying that your Piss ‘pout hurt. It took me a while to realise that Piss ‘pout was your name for your willie. My dad explained that you couldn’t say your s’s. So you couldn’t say words like spout, so it came out as ‘pout. Actually I liked it. My kids grew up with it. And I liked you, Eddie. But as for Sam? She was a little madam. I can still see here, as we closed the door on her, with her hands on her hips screaming at the top of her voice, “You’ve got to play horses with me”. We could hear that scream as we got to the street. And you know what, Eddie, even if I saw her now I’d still not be able to take that image from my mind.’
‘Oh, you would.’
‘Turned out to be a stunner has she?’
‘Yes, womanly body, so if you like hips and bust. Yes, she’s a stunner.’
‘Dad said she would.’
‘He said what?’
‘He always said she’d be like Angie. A real stunner. You remember we all shared a bed?’ Eddie nods. ‘When I complained; said it wasn’t fair; me having to kip down with a boy of two and a girl of four. He said I’d to wait a few years then I’d be glad to be in the same bed as Sam. I was that embarrassed. You don’t think of your parents enjoying sex. And Sam - Okay, she wasn’t his kid but she was his woman’s kid and that’s the same as being your own. Well it is in my book.’
‘So we did all share a bed?’
‘Eddie, I was 15! There was no way I was getting between the sheets with you two. I had my pride you know. Actually I slept on the floor.’
‘All night?’ Eddie asks sensing this isn’t the whole truth.
‘Well okay if you must know. I pinched a pillow so you and Sam had to share one between you. But you were both so little that that was all you needed. And later on I did take the cover. But only once I knew Angie wasn’t coming back in. Besides you and Sam had baby-grows on so you wouldn’t have felt the cold.’
‘And how long were you there for?’
‘After the first day dad called mum and asked her to take me back. She said no. By the second night he was so fed up that we walked over to mum’s place so he could explain the situation. She still said no. So he refused to leave until she agreed to keep me. Actually he said I could go back to the flat and he’d stay with her. That’s what decided it. She decided she’d rather have me under her feet than him.’
‘And why, Michael, did she throw you out?’
‘I’d had the full range of Asbos and was due in court and heading for Juve - she’d just given up. She didn’t attend court. Dad had to do that for me. I was inside when his case came to court.’
‘That couldn’t have been easy for you?’
‘Tell me about it! Pack mentality. And all they want is a scapegoat. I guess that’s why I like the open road and my truck. It’s me on my own. I must admit I keep myself to myself and I like it that way.’
‘And your mum, you in touch now?’ 
‘Yes. Since I got a job and settled down. Getting married and having the kids helped heal the wounds. Basically she’s a good woman my mum is. And your mum was good for my dad. I just wish he’d get on with his life. All this living just to sit by her grave isn’t doing any of us any good. I want to introduce my kids to their grandfather. But with him like that? How could I?’
‘And is it all to do with my mum dying?’
‘That, Eddie, and being branded as the perv who got away with it?’
Eddie concentrates on drinking. He really doesn’t know what to say. When he looks up, as he lowers his empty bottle, he notices that Michael is also concentrating on emptying his glass. 
‘And do you think -.’
‘No, Eddie, I don’t. He’s a lot of things but that? No. Never. And I’m not just saying that because he’s my dad. He wanted to be good with you, with all of us. He’d not got a lot of money. But he tried to keep the flat clean, and he held down that awful job at the car wash. Eddie, I know my dad and if I thought for one minute that he’d done that to you –. Done what you think he did to you, well do you really believe I’d want to introduce him to my two boys? Well do you? Grandfather or no grandfather!’
‘And you do want him to be part of their lives?’
‘Look,’ he indicates an expensive looking car that’s just pulled into the car park, ‘that’s my wife. She drives a Mini Sports. I don’t drive. Strange I can drive a truck but put me in the seat of a car and I just can’t do it. I used to, but not these days. Look, Eddie, she’s come to take me home so I’ve got to go. But I’ll drop by the store the next time I’m in the area.’ He says standing up and preparing to leave. ‘And Eddie’ he says holding out his hand, ‘it’s been good meeting you. And I really mean that. Let’s hope we can put some of our childhood history behind us and try and move on as adults.’
‘I’m okay with that,’ Eddie agrees, taking and shaking the offered hand.


Chapter 19

‘You want me to do what?’ Eddie asks totally bemusedly and really not caring if either of them notices.
‘Give it here,’ Demetrius says while Candida laughs. ‘You need to remove the grit. Look cut in crosswise, but not all the way through and then swill it under the tap. Honestly, Eddie, Candy gave you the easiest job to do.’
‘It’s only easy if you know what to do. Candy, what is this?’ Eddie asks, his mind only half on the vegetable they’ve given him to prepare. 
The rest of his mind’s on how he likes calling her by Demetrius’s pet name, Candy. She is candy all right, sweet and heady. He smiles at her as he takes in the scene, the expensive kitchen, the raw food waiting to be turned into a scrumptious meal for three, the heat from the stove, the raw fish in the sink that she’d threatened to make him prepare. Demetrius at the stove, his chef hat drooping to one side, while he stirs and tastes, stirs and tastes what he says will be the best sauce in the world. Yet all this stirring only makes Eddie fearful that he’ll wear right through to the bottom of the pan.
‘Eddie,’ said Candida with a laugh in her voice, ‘it’s only a leek. The symbol of Wales and everything Welsh.’
‘But I’m English so why do I have to -.’
‘Because I say so. So shut up and trim them. Demetrius will soon be ready for them. And if you spoil his sauce by being tardy with the leeks I’ll not be responsible for his actions.’
‘Eddie just give them a good wash. I’ll trim them. Can you do that?’
‘Wash veg?’ Eddie asks as visions of soapy water and machines cloud his reasoning.
‘Fill the sink with cold water, drop the leeks in it and then swill them around in it.’
Eddie picks up his leeks from the central table and walks to the sink. He reaches over for the tap and sees the dead fish eyes staring at him. He lets out an involuntary squeal. The others burst out laughing.
‘Here let me,’ Candida offers swiping up the fish and giving the sink a quick wash. ‘Eddie, cooking’s supposed to be fun. You look as if you’re being punished.’
‘I guess,’ Eddie starts to say, ‘it’s fun when you know what you’re doing.’
‘Very true,’ Demetrius agrees still stirring his sauce. ‘Then, Eddie, this is very hot work so why don’t you pour the bubbly?’
In the two hours that Eddie’s spent with Candida and Demetrius he has worked out, without asking, that bubbly refers to the champagne that’s chilling in the ice bucket. 
‘Sure,’ he says walking over to the large Jam pan that Candida has filled with ice before ramming five bottles of premium champagne in. 
Eddie selects the one that’s open, the one he’d watched Demetrius slip a tea-spoon into the neck of. He removes the cutlery, lifts the bottle clear of the ice before offering it around. They all fill their glasses and the merrymaking continues until Candida asks if he’d like to watch her prepare the fish. Eddie agrees because anything is wonderful as long as he’s stood next to her.
She selects a fish, ‘This, Eddie, is a sardine. Mr Sardine,’ she says waving it in the air, ‘meet Mr Streetwise.’ 
Water, slimy water drips from between her fingers and Eddie feels repulsed. ‘Candy, couldn’t we have had steak?’
‘You’d prefer to gut a cow?’ she asks.
‘Gut it? You mean it’s not -. Oh, Candy, that’s disgusting,’ he says as she picks up a pair of scissors and inserted them into the flesh before slitting the stomach open. ‘Oh!’ he stammers as she places her elegant finger inside the fish and removes the contents in one swift, perfected and practiced step.
‘Eddie, good food has to be fresh. This little fish was swimming around last night. Look at it -.’
‘I’d rather not. Thank you, Candy.’
‘But you’ll eat it?’
‘I’m not so sure. Not now I’ve seen what came from inside it?’
‘That’s only the same as we have, or a cow, or goat, sheep or pig. Eddie,’ Demetrius joins in with the conversation. ‘Eating well is about preparing good quality foods and being with nice people. Like tonight.’
‘You enjoy doing that?’ Eddie asks as Candida prepares the last of the six sardines.
‘Not enjoy. But I like fresh, good quality food. And to ensure it’s fresh I do it myself. You’d better not come on lobster night. Had he, Demetrius?’
‘Why?’ asks Eddie unsure if he wants to know the answer or not. ‘You don’t …’
‘Yes we get them live and boil them. What’s the most we’ve eaten, Demetrius, six each I think.’
‘And I was so stuffed I couldn’t move.’
‘We’ll never manage that many again,’ Candida adds. ‘Look all done. I guess you don’t want to help me with the salmon?’
‘No thank you. Leeks and wine pouring’s enough culture for me for one night. I could try stirring your sauce, Demetrius?’ Eddie asks walking over to the stove and looking into the pot.
‘Set the table?’ Candida orders. ‘Where do you want to eat? In here all friendly and informal, or posh in the dining room.’
‘In here,’ Eddie says afraid of posh and carpets that he might spill something on.
Simultaneously Demetrius says, ‘Posh every time. The dining room.’
Candida and Demetrius laugh; Eddie sensing doom can’t join in.
‘Okay then, I get the casting vote. And I’m with …’ she pauses for dramatic effect. Eddie feels like running away. ‘I’m with Eddie. Sorry Demetrius but we eat in here. Eddie, care to set the table? You’ll have to clear the mess up that you’ve made from the veg peelings. There’s a green bin outside the back door. I have a very small carbon footprint.’
‘Onion,’ Demetrius snaps. ‘I’ve forgotten the onion. This will be ruined without it.’
‘Eddie, on your way back from the pantry can you fetch an onion. Demetrius, red or white?’ Candida organises without looking up from preparing the salmon.
Demetrius holds his fingers over his cheek and looks at his sauce. ‘This sheen’s very pleasing. I think a white Spanish if you have one. An English one would be too harsh.’
‘That’s a white Spanish onion, Eddie, better bring two as he’s likely to change his mind.’
He opens the door on a pantry. Following her direction he easily finds the array of veg racks. He gazes in wonder at her modern take on the old-fashioned cold room that she’s had attached to the outside wall of her kitchen. He notices that there are three lots of onions; one red and the other two white. He takes two from the top of the nearest pile and hopes they’ll be right ones.
‘You want me to peel them,’ he asks returning to the room.
‘Yes,’ Candida says without looking up and with her hands full of fish guts.
‘Yes,’ agrees Demetrius as he licks the sauce of the spoon before placing it back in the pot of hot water that he keeps for the purposes of cleaning his stirring equipment.
‘You okay?’ Candida asks over her shoulder watching as Eddie starts to take the papery skin off.
‘Yes. Even I’ve peeled onions before. It’s the other exotic stuff I have problems with.’
‘If you ask me, Eddie, onion, wine and garlic and you don’t need anything else,’ Demetrius offers.
‘Unless it’s sweet, then it’s brandy and cream that makes a good dinner.’
‘You two - honestly. You should hear yourselves. You sound like them TV cooks.’
‘Good food’s important.’
‘Then you’ll both have to come to my local chippy. He makes a great fish supper, and none of that,’ he points to the sink where Candida had just started to clean up the fish guts.
‘Someone has to do it, Eddie. All fish have entrails and heads.’
‘And talking of heads, Candy. Are you going to take them …’ he looks from one of them to the other as he realises that they’re both looking shocked. ‘Oh, no you’re going to leave them on. Please tell me you’re not.’
‘Eddie, we’ll slum it with you in here but I’ll not ruin good food for you. We’ll cook it heads on and bones in. If you really don’t like it we can remove yours before you see it.’
‘Next time you come, Eddie,’ Candida offers, ‘we’ll have whitebait.’
Eddie’s enjoying the glow over the thought that she’s invited him back, so much that he almost misses the fact that they’re both laughing again. He doesn’t know what whitebait is so he asks, ‘is that another fish?’
‘Yes and the beauty of whitebait, and you’ll appreciate this, Eddie, is that you don’t have to remove the head, fins or the insides.’
‘That’s good,’ he innocently agrees
‘You just eat the lot, as it is, tail, head, eyes, innards.’
‘That’s disgusting.’
‘Actually, I agree with you. Especially when they get to about 30 centimetres in length. Then I find them very unpleasant,’ Demetrius agrees. ‘That onion peeled yet?’
‘Yes. What you want me to do with it.’
‘A quick wiz in the blender. I need it smooth so it melts in the sauce. Then I’m ready to serve. That’s if the table’s set and the sardines are ready?’
‘A couple more minutes. Table, Eddie. Just a knife and fork each. A big bowl for the centre. And put that fresh roll of kitchen paper on as well. You’ll find the cutlery over there, top drawer and mats on the shelf below the table.’
Eddie quickly gathers the stuff he needs and sets the table as instructed. Then he and Demetrius sit down while Candida dishes up their starter. True to her word his had been filleted before he sees them.
Unexpectedly Eddie finds that he likes the taste, the feel of the fresh fish in his mouth, the acid tang of the dressing and the smoky flavour of the skin. But he can’t bring himself to look at their plates. Or the bowl that he’d carefully selected for the centre of the table not realising that it would be filled with the discarded fish bits.
Both Candida and Demetrius eat their fish using their fingers as well as a fork. When they’ve finished eating they both lick their own fingers in turn before wiping them on a sheet of paper towel.
Demetrius looks at Eddie and then at Candida. ‘That, Eddie, is what comes of going to the Sorbonne. It may be the best university in the world but they also produce the most bohemian beauties.’
‘Stop it,’ Candida snaps. ‘I like food and I believe that if something’s died to feed me then the least I can do is enjoy it. All of it. Besides at the Sorbonne we were taught not to eat. If they could see me now what would they think?’
‘That you’d done very well for yourself?’ Eddie adds, hoping that his question will lead onto more revelations about her.
‘Yes I have. But would they approve?’ she asks half to herself as she reflects back over her life while sipping the ice cold champagne. ‘Top up, please,’ she asks of no one in particular.
Eddie, pleased that this is a service he can perform, jumps up and in true festive mood opens his first bottle of champagne. While he refills all their glasses he remembers a song about the Sorbonne. It had been sung by a French man playing something odd. He tries to remember what the line is as he returns the wine to the ice bucket and removes the empty. By the time he’s put the empty bottle in the class re-cycling bag he’s remembered.
‘Isn’t that in a song? Something about a race horse and qualifications from the Sorbonne.’
‘It’s a song by Peter Sarstedt,’ Demetrius replies, ‘and it’s ..’ and looking at Eddie he starts to sing in a very pleasing deep mellow bass, ‘I’ve seen all your qualifications,’ without missing a beat he turns to Candida as he sings, ‘that you got from the Sorbonne. And the painting you stole from Picasso. You’re loveliness goes on and on. Yes it does.’
‘Yes it does,’ echoes Eddie without singing as Demetrius runs out of breath and reaches for his glass.
‘Fancy you knowing that,’ Candida says before she too burst into song. While she doesn’t have a good voice she can hold a tune; and somehow the words seemed to mean something to her as she delivered the last verse with true emotion. ‘I remember the back street of Naples. Two children begging in rags. Both with a burning ambition to shake off their lowly born tags. Yes they are. Yes they are. So go on and forget me forever, for we both know you still bear the scars. Yes you do.’ She stops singing. ‘Yes you do,’ she says before draining her glass.
In less festive mood Eddie re-fills all their glasses while Demetrius serves the main course; which they eat using the same cutlery that they’d used for their sardines. Eddie notices how they both lick their forks clean leaving only the plates to be washed up. So he copies them and feels very cosmopolitan.
‘Yes you always bear the scars,’ she said parting her fish from its skin and bones. Then in a faraway voice full of emotion she starts to talk. ‘Abuse is like an onion. You both know what an onion is like to peel; layer upon layer upon layer. And at the heart of the layers is the truth. You really do know what happened. You remember it and then like the onion you cover up the truth with layer upon layer of deceit, lies, half-truths and a smattering of honesty until you really don’t know what’s truth and what’s not. What you need, Eddie, needs is someone to separate the layers of fact from fiction.’
‘And who would do that?’ Eddie asks hoping that she’ll be able to help him.
‘I guess a shrink,’ Candida suggests.
‘I saw one of them all the time I was in prison.’
‘And they didn’t help?’ Demetrius asks.
Eddie thinks for a moment then admits, ‘not that I can remember.’
‘Eddie,’ Demetrius adds seriously, ‘you could always try a medium.’
‘A medium what?’ Eddie asks.
‘Spiritual medium.’
‘And how would they help him?’ Candida asks. If she knows that she’s saved Eddie the embarrassment of asking himself she doesn’t show it.
‘He’s talked to everyone concerned but for one person. And that one person is the only one who isn’t touched by the trial any longer.’
‘You mean my mother?’
‘Yes, Eddie. I mean they may help you. I’m not so sure I believe in them myself. But many people I know and love have found comfort by having contact with loved ones on the other side.’
‘Demetrius I can’t believe that your seriously suggesting this?’
‘But I am. How else is he to peel off the layers? All he seems to have done, so far, is put more layers back on the onion.’


Chapter 20

Eddie wakes to the smell of freshly ground coffee and baking bread. He stretches out in the massive double bed as the sun fills the room and falls over his face. He lies still and basks in the memory of last night.
After they’d eaten they’d taken coffee and cognac through to an intimate study. While bigger than any room he’d ever lived it; it appears cosy in comparison with the other rooms in her house. Like most proper offices it has a computer station, a couple of posh desks, up-right office chairs, shelves full of books and filing cabinets. In a way reminiscent of the old flying ducks of the 40’s and 50’s there’s an array of certificates lining the wall in. He’d noticed that the certificates were not in English. So after their conversation, and because they’re headed The Sorbonne, he decides they’re French. 
In addition to the office chairs the room had also housed a low coffee table, a cub chair and a matching two seated couch in the softest and palest lemon yellow leather. He’d notices the fireplace, with what he’s been told was an original Art Deco fire surround. While not actually to his taste he could tell that ownership of the fireplace pleased Candida; so it pleased him as well. 
Candida had insisted on lighting the fire using the real logs that were stored in a wicker basket to the left of the fire. Eddie then sat on the chair while Demetrius and Candida shared the couch. 
After a while they had listened to a classical concert and Eddie had slipped out of his seat and sat on the floor, positioning himself between his chair and the flames. Occasionally he would poke the fire or add more wood while he dreamily watched the flames dance in time to Mozart. He tried to concentrate on listening to the music or the clicking of her dainty coffee cups as they met the paper thin saucers. But most of all he had listen to the contented breathing of his friends.
He remembered how she had looked, when from time to time he would look up and catch a glance of her, oblivious to his gaze as she lost herself in the music. She had looked stunning in the firelight and he ached to be close to her. Sat there, right next to her where Demetrius had been sitting. All night Eddie had sat patiently waiting for his opportunity, but it never came. It was three a.m. when she announced that she was going to bed and she had asked him if he’d like to stay over. Eddie couldn’t have been happier. 
When, last night, she had shown him to her guest bedroom he could hardly believe it. It was bigger than the whole of his sister's flat. Needless to say it was better furnished with classier fixtures and a bed that you couldn’t physically have got into his sister’s bedroom. He was astounded when he was shown that he had his own bathroom, tiled floor to ceiling and gleaming as if it had never been used. 
He remembered that she had told him to use any, or all, of the items that were left out for guests, shaving stuff, shampoo, tooth cleaning items, in fact everything needed to make an unexpected stop over pleasant, if not very pleasant. The one thing withheld was the woman herself.
In the cold light of morning he decides to shave using the second basin. The one he’d not used when cleaning his teeth last night. He’s unsure which one to use so he uses both. He doesn’t want to make a social gaff. So by using both, whoever cleans them (he knows it won’t be Candida) would know that he was a man-of-the-world and sophisticated enough for her.
Reluctantly he dresses and comes down for breakfast. As he enters the kitchen he’s met by the sight of her, covered in an old fashioned plain black cotton kaftan and standing over the coffee pot. A vision of beauty that he doesn’t want to turn away from.
Until, in the corner of his eye, he sees Demetrius dressed in a duck egg blue towelling bath robe managing to look both refreshed and satisfied while working away with the grill pan.
He looks so at home in her home that Eddie has to fight hard to resist the urge to run away and hide.
They are both in bare feet and look like the bohemian children that they’d spoken about the previous evening.
‘Coffee good for you, Eddie?’ Candida asks before adding, ‘and good morning to you. I hope you slept well.’
‘I did thanks. Sorry I used the stuff in the room,’ he apologises stroking his face to indicate that he, unlike Demetrius, has bothered to shave this morning. 
‘That’s what they’re there for. Glad you were comfortable.’
‘And good morning from me, Eddie. You up for a full English?’ Demetrious asks, ‘we’ve sausages, bacon, tomatoes, and mushrooms under the grill and in a moment my lovely assistant will be scrambling newly laid organic eggs.’
‘Coffee and full English sounds good. But, Guys, what can I do to help? Can I do anything while you get dressed?’
‘Sorry, Eddie, I should have said last night. Dressing for breakfast isn’t compulsory. Both Demetrius and I had very strict childhoods so at weekends we never dress until after breakfast. It’s one of our little rules when we’re together. You’re fine as you are. Or if you’d prefer go back and slip into a dressing gown. You’ll find one hung up on the back of your bathroom door. There should be a blue one there, like the one Demetrius is modelling.’ 
She stops talking long enough to allow Demetrius to step away from the stove and with arms stretched out to his side he turns around once, and then returns to his cooking.
Candida continues speaking. ‘In fact there should be a pink one as well. Call me traditional but I’ve always provided one of each colour as I never know who’s going to stay. Or it may be a couple, like Roddie and his wife. So I guess there’re some things from my past that I do like.’
‘Honestly, Candy, you do like your traditions thickly spread.’
‘That’s not true, Eddie. Not all of them - just the ones I like. Then I admit it I do like them thickly spread,’ she says as she catches the toast as it pops up from the toaster. ‘You ready yet? - the coffee is, and so’s this toast.'
‘We can start on the juice and stuff and then I’ll be ready to dish up soon. Actually,’ Demetrius says walking to the table and sitting in the place that he’d occupied the night before, ‘juice sounds good. I’ve got an awful thirst on me. Candy, Eddie?’ he asks holding a jug of freshly squeezed orange juice high in the air; the contents frosting the glass with its chill.
Candida and Eddie join him and start their meal. While they eat Eddie notices the intimacies that Candida and Demetrius seemed to share. As his fantasies crumbled around his feet he realises that she always was going to be too good for him. He allows their conversation to go over his head. He’s given up trying to join in and for the most part he isn’t even listening. This isn’t his class; he knows that. No matter how open and welcoming they’ve been to him; she’s way out of his reach. 
Demetrius places the serving dish on the table, picks up a plate for Candida and fills it without bothering to ask her what she wants to eat. He then turns to Eddie.
‘And what can I get for you?’ he asks.
‘Actually, Demetrius, I’m not that hungry.’
‘You can manage a little something, eh? I find that when I start eating it’s only then that I realise just how hungry I am. Don’t you find that? That a good meal makes you even hungrier the next morning?’
‘Just a rasher of bacon and a couple of tomatoes then. Thank you,’ he adds as the hot plate with his requested breakfast is put in front of him.
Still deep in thought Eddie pushes the food around his plate without managing to eat any. He wants to go back to the world where he feels comfortable. He’s deep in thought, wondering if Candida and Demetrius are an item when he thinks that he’s heard his name being spoken, softly, quietly, gently as if to a child when an adult doesn’t want to shock them. 
‘Eddie,’ he looks in the direction of the voice. ‘Eddie, is there something wrong? You’ve hardly touched your food and you don’t look too happy.’
‘Sorry, I guess … I really don’t know what I’m doing …’ he wants to add the word 'here' but he thinks that that would sound petulant. So after a slight hesitation he adds, softly, ‘... anymore.’
She picks her coffee cup up, it’s a massive breakfast cup and saucer set the like that Eddie has never seen before, let alone used. He’s sure that for all its delicacy these cups hold more than any of the navy mugs that he’s used to drinking out of. ‘On the eve of change; is that what this is, Eddie?’
‘I guess so,’ he adds pushing his plate away from him before picking up his cup and cradling in between his hands as he’s seen her do. ‘Sorry, I guess I’m just not hungry. Sorry.’
‘Food should not be forced down, Eddie. If you don’t want it don’t eat it just to be polite. Besides pass me that rasher of bacon. The tomatoes you can keep,’ Demetrius says removing the rasher with his fork and adding it to his own plate.
‘Change is scary. But believe me, Eddie, we all need to move on. You know all about Demetrius over there. He’s told you his story?’
‘Yes.’
‘And I guess that’s why he never refuses food. Or why he’s still so bloody slim in spite of, at every opportunity he gets, trying to eat me out of house and home.’
‘How’s that possible?’ Demetrius asks, laughing. ‘And you with seven, or is it eight of them. I forget which.’
‘Eight homes!’ Eddie stammers and then quickly sets his cup down to prevent the accident that this shocking news had nearly caused. ‘And are all of them as grand as this one?’
‘How he takes your side, Demetrius? Believes every word you utter?’
‘Well I am head of security; so he should trust my word.’
‘More like men sticking together. Eddie, let me put you right on a thing or two about our mutual friend Demetrius over there. Sat so innocently as if butter wouldn’t melt! But he’s exaggerating. Eight properties my foot. I have this place, a small farm house, not the farm as well you understand. Just an old, unwanted and unlived-in farm house in the South of France. I think we established my Francophile credentials last night. And I have my flat in London. I count that as one, two and three. See only three. Nowhere near the eight that he’s claiming I have.’
‘Mr Smith, Mr Jones, Mr Meteoroid, -.’
‘Monsieur Meteoroid, if you please. But it’s still only the one flat. Eddie, don’t listen to him.’
By now their laughter had become infectious and Eddie pulls his plate back towards him. After selecting a couple of slices of toast from the bread basket he makes himself a grilled tomato buttie.
‘Lad, you can’t do that,’ Demetrius exclaims.
Instantly Eddie feels ashamed and arrests the progress of the sandwich to his mouth. He puts it back on his plate.
‘Have this rasher back and I think there’s still some in the grill pan. Tomato butties are all well and good but they’re vastly improved by a rasher or two. Here,’ and Demetrius drops the rasher back on Eddie's plate. 
‘Actually that looks so good. Demetrius, be a love and get me some more,’ Candida says, holding her plate out. Some of the informality of the previous night returns as they make and eat butties and laugh together. 
Eddie knows that if he wants to know more about her he’ll have to introduce the subject. He thinks for a very long time. He laughs at their jokes and shares with them. Until after an exchange of deep social intimacy he decides that the time is right to ask her about her history. Lightly, casually as if it doesn’t matter if she tells him or not. He decides that the time is right just after she has actually taken a bite out of his croissant.
‘Can you spare the rest?’ he asks his tone mimicking anger as he holds up the remnants of his pastry.
‘Sorry, Eddie, I did take rather a big bite, didn’t’ I?’ she replies laughing.
‘I’ll forgive you.’
‘But, Eddie,’ Demetrius interjects, ‘don’t let her do it again. She can be a very greedy girl can our Candy.’
‘I should say so,’ Eddie realises that his moment had come. ‘She scoffs most of my breakfast and has, how many homes was it? Three? When most of us make do with the one?’
‘Oh it sounds grander than it is,’ she defends herself.
‘And it isn’t three, Eddie, it’s nine.’
‘So okay, Mr Know-it-all, where are my other six then?’
‘A home with Mr Smith, with Mr Jones, Mr Meteoroid, –.’
‘Now stop this, Demetrius. Look at his face. He doesn’t know if he should believe you or not. And as you said before you are head of security so you, of all people, should be trustworthy at least.’
‘I am, Eddie, you can trust me. She has nine homes, okay; I grant you that of these nine homes six are in the same building. But that’s just to make it easier for her to keep track, and housekeepers.’
‘Eddie, to clear this up and to prove that I’m right I’m going to tell you my life story. That’s if you want to hear it?’
Want to hear it! Eddie almost falls off his chair in anticipation. ‘I’d like that,’ he manages to say his voice calm and even.
‘I was born in Naples. My mother died giving birth to my, obviously, younger brother. My father turned to drink and left us in the care of his mother until, worn out, she died within a year of my mother. To be honest my brother and I lived on the streets, begging, and actually without anyone to care for us. If we washed or changed our clothes it was down to me to decide. I was four or five and my brother two.’ She stops talking and laughs gently. ‘Sorry but I’ve only just realised how like you and Sam we were in ages. 
‘But we were like the kids in that song we sang last night. We were street kids dressed only in rags. Then one day he came home white as a ghost, shaking. Roddie and I had stolen some food and were in the middle of what we thought was a feast. We had apples, bread and some ham that we’d stolen when the butcher wasn’t looking. I’d put them on the table. We’d torn the bread in two, split it and stuffed it with the ham; its fatty surround spilling out as we crushed it flat to get it to fit in our mouths. I can still see that sandwich, the filthy table the food was put on, the broken windows that the wind, the sun and the rain came through in equal measures. But we were happy and we were about to eat like kings, Roddie and I.
‘Then we heard him on the steps. Our first though was to hide the food. It was ours and we didn’t see why we should share it with him when he’d done nothing to earn it. But we were not quick enough. Our second thought was to flee. But as he was running down the stairs we didn’t have enough time to get out. We lived in a squalid basement flat. Once grandmother died we were thrown out of her apartment for non-payment of rent. Actually our basement flat wasn’t fit for human habitation. It flooded in the winter and stank all year round. But we got used to it. And it was better than sleeping on the streets. Well just about. 
‘So he came running in. I can picture him now silhouetted against the cheap hewn wood of the flimsy door, his black hair a mess, his tattered clothing looking worse than normal and his eyes staring yet unseeing. It was then that we noticed how shocked he looked and at the same time heard the other steps following behind. A second later he turned to lock the door. There was an explosion and the door just vanished. It wasn’t a very good door to start off with. And he lay dead at our feet. 
‘It was surreal. I told you we’d no time to react. And we were street kids so we could react quickly in most situations. We had to in order to survive. Roddie and I still had our sandwiches paused in front of our mouths. It was the first food we’d eaten in days and there we were unsure if we should finish it or not. It was fascinating seeing a stream of red blood flow from under his body and form into a shallow pool as it darkened and set in a dip in the floor. I also remember that neither of us cried. 
‘I know that I was thinking that Roddie and I would be better off with him out of the way. I also wondered how I’d get rid of the body. We didn’t get involved with the police not us street kids. I looked at Roddie and he looked at me. Neither of us seemed to have any emotion. The man we called papa had just been killed in front of us. But he’d never really been a father to either of us. He’d only brought fear, hunger and feelings of aloneness into our short lives. Simultaneously we both took a bite out of our sandwich and chewed and in that one action dismissed for ever his life, his role in our lives and everything that he’d stood, or did not stand for. 
‘All this could only have taken a couple of seconds. As we bit and chewed another man, tall, slim well groomed and immaculate stepped over the threshold. He was looking at the body and was about to leave when he noticed us. He had a gun in his hand. He was the one who’d just shot and killed papa through the door. He was now looking at us.
‘You his kids?’ he asked. His very first words to us. He had a soft voice and a southern French accent. At the sound of his voice we put our food down and gave him our full concentration. I don’t know why but neither of us was afraid of him. So I answered that we were but he hadn’t to worry as we’d not miss him. He then told us to carry on eating and said that he was sorry and asked if we had a mother. When I said no he went through a list of relatives, asking if we had them. You know the sort of thing, aunts, uncles, older siblings. And to each family group I told him no. Eventually he came and crouched down opposite up. He then asked who looked after us. I said that I did. He looked at the body and then shook his head as if he’d just made a decision that he knew wasn’t a sensible one. He told us to collect our things. I said that what we had on was all that we owned. He swore and I hoped that he’d not hit us; like papa always did after he’d sworn. Both Roddie and I flinched. He slipped the gun back into his carrying case and asked if we’d like to go and live with him? We didn’t have anything, any one, and a life on the streets of Naples obviously wasn’t going to be open to us. So we looked at each other and somehow we both knew what the other one was thinking; that we’d be very happy to go with this attractive stranger. So we put our unfinished food down, stood up and said 'si'’
‘Sorry, Candy, am I hearing this right? You and your brother went off with the man who’d just killed your father? A man you’d never met before?’
‘Eddie, it sounds crazy. But deep down we knew that our new father was a good man. I don’t know how but we just sensed that. Kids do. And we were right; he was. Besides he couldn’t have been worse than our birth papa. And what other choice did we have? We’d have been taken into care and very possibly split up. It was the one sure way of us staying together.’
‘But he’d just killed your father. He was a murderer. What if he decided to kill you both?’
‘If he was going to kill us he’d have done it when he first saw us and before he stepped over papa’s body. And definitely before engaging with us. That’s how it happens. Only psychopaths engage their victims. Killers do it cold, clean and without engagement. Bang, dead, end of story. So we knew that once he’d engaged with us he’d never be able to kill either of us. I can tell you that the moment he saw us he knew that if he didn’t kill us there and then; he’d never be able to do it and that he’d always have a responsibility towards us.’
‘And him a single man,’ Demetrius puts in.
‘Yes single and he travelled the world and was very, very rich. So overnight we went from being street urchins to being the privileged kids of a very, very rich man. 
‘For a while we went all over the world with him until he decided to leave us in school and make sure that we both had a good education. Eventually I secured a place at the … Well you saw the evidence yourself. Roddie as you know became an architect. He designed this house for me. My father was famous. In his own field. His was not a name that just anyone would have known; unless they needed his professional services.’
‘You’re going to have to admit to it sooner or later, Candy, so why not tell him the whole story?’ Demetrius asks.
‘How do you know I wasn’t?’
‘Her father was a professional hit-man, Eddie. He killed people for a living. That’s why she knows so much about it. You remember, bang, bang, dead, end of story.’
‘Single bang; if you don’t mind, Demetrius. Father was good at his job.’
‘He was a soldier of fort-.’ Eddie looks at Demetrius and flushes. ‘Sorry, was that tactless of me?’
‘No, Son. Don’t worry.’
‘Not quite a soldier of fortune, Eddie, he was more of a mechanic and, as I said to Demetrius, he was very good at his work.’
‘And he was paid to kill your father?’ Eddie asks astounded.
‘No. He made a mistake. The hit that my father was paid to carry out that day papa saw. And being foolish and an opportunist he let him know that he’d seen it. He threatened him and demanded money. Father made the decision that this drunken down-and-out couldn’t be allowed to ruin his life. The moment that papa demanded money was the instant that he signed his own death warrant. Then what I can’t forgive is that that stupid man then brought the evil back to his children. Okay it backfired, no pun intended, on him as he was still killed and Roddie and I found a new life. Eddie, I loved my father. I know that what he did was wrong. But he was kind, good and looked after Roddie and I in ways that we’d never experienced before or since. I’d never had love from another human being. Roddie and I loved each other and cared for each other but we were kids. My father protected, cared for and loved us both. And the day I knew he was dead I considered dying myself.’
‘Sorry, I didn’t realise.’
‘Yes,’ she sighs. ‘One day someone took out a hit on him. He let his guard down and was killed instantly. And so ended the happy phase in the life of my younger brother and I. I’d just completed my education so I was okay. But I needed to be able to pay to send Roddie to university.’
‘But your dad was rich?’
‘Yes, Eddie, he had been. But it was an illegal profession and as such all his assets were not traceable. So the day his death became official the banks closed his accounts and we couldn’t find where the off-shore funds were held. 
‘In fact we didn’t know that he was dead for over a month. We had a contact number of another hit man and when father hadn’t made contact with either of us for two months we started to worry. We knew his job was dangerous. Then by the third month, when people started asking us when their accounts would be paid, we became concerned enough to ring this other hit-man. This other man made a few enquiries. He called us back a week later to say that our father had been killed. And that’s how it is with hit-men, one day you’re alive and rich. The next you’re dead and all traces of your life are eradicated. It’s as if you’ve never lived. And so it was with father. And as he’d lived out of suitcases in very, very expensive hotels, Roddie and I didn’t even have a place to call home.
‘So there we were. I was well educated but in need of a home. I had no experience and nothing to put me ahead of the thousands of other bohemian beauties that the Sorbonne churns out every year. The difference was that I had a younger brother to fund through university. He was due to start that summer and I couldn’t let him down. So I did what all bohemian beauties in my situation do. I sold my only asset. Me.’ 
As she pauses to sip her coffee she notices that her cup is empty. She lowers it and re-fills it for the third time since she’d started talking about her past. Eddie silently watches unsure if he has really understood what she’s been saying. She holds the cafeteria up and waves it slightly. Demetrius shakes his head. Eddie holds his cup up and she fills it before continuing.
‘Some acquaintance knew a man who had always liked me. He was married and respectable and so naturally was only interested in having a well-educated mistress. So I applied. He was my first. He set me up in a small flat in Paris, met all my bills and gave me the type of life I’d got used to with father. Only not parental love. Still I realised that I had an aptitude for the life. By the time he died I’d moved to London and well… I think I’ve got it made.’ She gestures around her, ‘all this and it’s all mine.’
Eddie doesn’t know what to make of his goddess telling him that she’s a professional mistress, in other words a hooker, whore, high class prostitute. 


Chapter 21

‘But why did your brother let you do it?’ Eddie asks truly astounded by the revelation.
‘Eddie, when you’ve had the life that we started out with, and then you experience what lots of money can bring, the idea of being without it … It’s just too … Well I think I’ve got the easier option. Roddie had to work hard to build up his practice. And he had to put up with some crappy bosses while he was training. No my life isn’t that bad. Besides,’ she smiles at him over the rime of her cup, a mischievous twinkle in her eye, ‘you could say I’m self-employed. Well I don’t have a boss.’
It is a world that he doesn’t know exists. He’s still unsure how she can make money from it. While it’s obvious that she does make money, and lots of it, he doesn’t know how. Or how he can tactfully phrase the question he needs to ask in order to find out how. Instead he concentrates on drinking his coffee as if he were deliberately allowing the silence to continue in order to allow her time to resume speaking.
‘Go on, Eddie, ask me. I can tell you want to? It’s written all over your face. Okay I’m a professional mistress. I let men keep me. I sell myself to the highest bidder. But how do I make money from it? Is that it? I’ll tell you how. This house is mine. I own it. I own my farm house in France and a flat in London. How it works, for me, is that I know I’m a professional mistress. I’m in it for the money and nothing else. My lover pays everything, the rent on my flat, my small BMW, and all my living expenses. I don’t exactly send him a monthly invoice but I do show him my bills and he signs a cheque. The skill I have is that I have four lovers, hence the eight homes Demetrius insists I run. You see each one of my lovers’ thinks that my London flat is their exclusive little love nest. So they’re all very happy to pay for it. See, one flat, four lovers equals four homes, plus this one and my farmhouse, making a grand total of six. But only three physical buildings.’
‘Do they know that they share you?’
‘No, Eddie, that would never do. For the man the art of a good mistress is exclusivity. For the woman it’s professionalism. You get as much from the greedy sods as you can get. They think they’ve bought you body and soul so they can use you when or if they want. And the rest of the time they don’t want you in their lives. Well that’s fine by me. You see what a professional mistress knows, that the men don’t, is that they haven’t bought you. They only rent you and that their rental contract is only for a very, very short time. The rest of the time is my own to do with as I want. And as that’s most of the time I screw the fucking bastards,’ she announces.
Eddie’s shocked. He’s never heard her use language like that. And he knows that she doesn’t approve of bad language. He stares at the table unsure what to say or do when the peals of laughter make him look up. When he raises his head he notices that Demetrius and Candida are laughing so much that tears are trickling down her cheeks.
‘Am I missing something?’ he asks.
‘She’s a witch,’ Demetrius says good naturedly. ‘What this woman can make men do has to be seen to be believed. It makes me ashamed to be a man.’
‘Eddie, it’s a living and yes I guess I’m not being honest with them. But I’m the biological offspring of a drunk, the daughter of a hit-man and a serial mistress of men who serially cheat on their wives. I’ve no shame about what I do. Besides it’s been very good for me.’
Realising that he’s on safe ground, Eddie asks, ‘sorry to be thick. I know they pay your living costs but how do you make money out of it?’
‘Each man wants a mistress. Something to own. Something he can pretend about. Notice, Eddie, that I say something and not someone. I’m a prized possession and nothing more. Sure they all pretend that they want to move in with me. If only. They’ll say. If only the kids had left school. If only the wife would agree to a divorce. If only the business would stand it. They give me a million and one reasons why they’ll never be able to leave their homes and come and live with me. You see how ever they dress it up, Eddie, there’s actually only one reason why. And that reason is that they can afford a mistress and they need the excitement of keeping me a secret from their wives, friends, family and society. I’m an illicit pleasure and the main pleasure is that it’s illicit. They buy me so they don’t have to worry about me wanting to be any part of their lives. It’s the unwritten contractual agreement. They say that they want to live with me and in return I pretend to be broken hearted when we can’t be together. Actually, deep down, I think they’re as inadequate as your mom and Ben were. The only difference is that they have enough money to cover it up. But that’s another story. How I work it is that I have a modest -.’ 
The sound of Demetrius's laughter stops. 
‘Modest? Eddie, she has a two bed penthouse overlooking the river. Lift, concierge on the door and full maid service. Modest!’
‘It’s modest by their standards, Eddie. Besides you don’t want to visit your mistress in a scruffy, run-down bed-sit do you? So for me they rent a flat, a car and all the trapping that they expect in their own lives.’
‘And you get this eight times?’
‘That’s right, Eddie, you’re catching on. I get the money for all this four times,’ she adds gently correcting him.
‘Sorry, four. But where do you keep the other flats and cars?’
‘I don’t, Eddie. I only have the one flat and the one car. It’s just that four silly men pay for it believing that they alone buy it for me. Or should that be buying me for it? I’m never sure which way round it is. But never mind. It doesn’t matter. They all pay up and I bought the flat, it’s mine, this house, it’s mine, my car and the farmhouse. I tell each of them what the rent is and they each give me a cheque to cover it.’
‘And you get that every month from four men?’
‘That plus my living and car expenses, after all, they expect me to look elegant and fresh when they arrive. They certainly don’t want to turn up with me in a pinny cleaning the bath! That just wouldn’t do.’
‘Money for old rope,’ Demetrius says looking into the depth of the coffee pot. ‘It’s empty. I’ll make fresh,’ he offers leaving the table.
‘No wonder you have such a lavish life style.’
‘You know what, Eddie. I have a box file this thick,’ she holds out her arms to indicate a deep file, ‘on each man. It has pictures, mementoes, their likes, dislikes, our dates and stuff like that. I couldn’t possible keep it all in my head. Then when they call to let me know they’re visiting I go to the file and decorate the flat with their pictures and memorabilia. Oh it’s a tough life but someone’s got to do it.’
‘And they fall for this?’
‘Every time, Eddie. You see they’re not expecting much so I don’t give them much. I have a cover story that I’m a minion editor for a publishing house. That way I have an excuse to milk them for money. You know the type of thing. I say that on my salary I couldn’t possibly afford to live, look, dress like this. And if they think I’m capable of holding down a more responsible job to help pay for my life-style. Well I remind them that my lowly position allows me to leave the office whenever they come to see me. And I remind them that they like having me at their beck and call. That also gives me an excuse to tell them that they must always call before they visit. I have a strict no visiting without an appointment rule.’
'Seems hard, especially when they’re paying for it.’
‘Yes. But I really couldn’t have any of them just turning up to find the other there could I? Besides they don’t want to have anything that will link them to the flat. That way I avoid giving them a key.’
‘And if they asked for one?’
‘We have a hiding place in the grounds. If it’s not safe, by that I mean when I’m already entertaining, I remove the key. If they find it missing I tell them I’ve been sleeping with it under my pillow ever since they last touched it. It’s something they’ve held, something of them that I can hold on to.’
‘And they fall for that?’
‘Every time, Eddie.’
‘Fresh coffee?’ Demetrius offers, filling cups and then sitting back at the table. 
‘And do any of your lovers meet?’
‘Sure it’s a small world. While there’s a growing pool of men who are that rich, even so, they mostly do know each other.’
‘And don’t they think it’s odd to see their mistress with another man?’
‘We don’t go out. That’s why I have to have such a nice flat. So I can entertain them in the style they’re used to. And why it has to be the penthouse. So we’re not overlooked and no one can see us. No. I’m never seen in public with them. It’s all very discreet and costly. But yes they like me to attend their functions. And that’s a hoot. I said that they mix in the same group. So instead of getting one invite to the party I get four. So I go as background for four men. They each eye me across a crowded room and I know that each of them is thinking she’s all mine. And I am. I give each of them a bill for my hotel, clothes and travel. I pay one set of bills and the rest I put in my piggy bank. It helps to pay for the running cost on this place and the copious amounts of coffee that Demetrius gets through.’
‘But what if they all ask you to wear something that they bought you? You can’t wear four pairs of earrings. Can you?’ Eddie asks, inspecting her ears to make sure that she doesn’t have the required number of piercings.
Candida obliges by holding her hair back from her face. ‘Only the traditional one in each ear. But honestly, Eddie, you’d be amazed at what a bit of flattery can do to the over-inflated ego.’
‘Or any ego, really, Candy,’ Demetrius offers.
‘True, Demetrius. You see, Eddie, I tell them that they have such exquisitely unique taste that if they did buy me something then someone, especially a wife, would see it and instantly know who’d purchased it. They lap it up like cats and cream. So I tell them to give me a budget, guidance on what they’d like to get for me and I’ll buy it for them.’
‘As I said, Eddie, money for old rope,’ Demetrius adds.
‘I get enough cash for four diamond earrings. I purchase one pair. I admit that I do pay more than any one of them has given me. That way they all think that I’m good with money so they trust me to spend it for them.’
‘Candy! I don’t know what to say,’ Eddie adds in true admiration. 
‘Eddie, don’t get me wrong if I had a daughter I’d want her doing something more worthwhile. But I do have my moments. And to be honest, leading some of the highest and most exalted in the land a merry dance, especially in front of their peers, sycophants, wives and staff can be very rewarding. As much as they claim to be on the button, only I know everything. Actually the parties are the best bit.’
‘Why do they all come and talk to you?’
‘No. Quite the contrary. The fun for them is being illicit. They furtively glance at me. Admire my style and look at all the other men as they admire me. I can see them puffing their chests out with pride at their ownership. At knowing that every man in the room fancies me yet I’m their exclusive and secret lover. Oh they like to have me there and the more important the event they more they want me there. But they can’t afford to be seen with me. That would never do. Besides it’d spoil the excitement of an extra-marital affair.’
‘And looking at you across the room is enough to pay all that for? They must have more money than sense.’ The minute he’s says it Eddie knows that it was hardly tactful. ‘Sorry,’ he offers but his apology is drowned out in their shared laughter.
‘Well thank you,’ she replies softly. ‘Actually I agree with you. It does seem a lot to pay for so little. They do sidle up to me. Talk to me as if they don’t know who I am. And we flirt. They do like to flirt. Pathetic really but that’s what they like to do. All under the expensively turned out noses of their loving wives. Poor women. But yes sooner or later they all come over and talk to me. Just for a moment or two. And then they excuse themselves as if I’m of no interest to them. I’ve seen expert networkers do it. They talk to people and within ten seconds they know if they’ll be a useful contact or not. If they are then they stay and talk and make sure that they exchange business cards. If the person isn’t going to be useful they excuse themselves pretty quickly and are onto the next person in under twenty seconds. I see it all the time. So that’s what they do with me. And they can only do it once in an evening. So I’m there just for that one moment. I can tell you it’s bloody boring. So at least with four of them it’s four interactions not just the one. But they never come and talk to me when anyone else is around. So they never hear each other whisper sweet nothings in my ear. And if they’ve brought their wives as well then they really seem to enjoy an exciting game of cat and mouse and cheese. Actually when I do think about it it’s all pitiable. But it’s done me and Roddie well. Sorry, Eddie,’ she turns to face him, ‘have I disappointed you? Did you think that I was some wonderful business woman?’


Chapter 22

Eddie needs a friend. 
He’s realised that to Candida and Demetrius, while they’ve been kind and welcoming to him, he could never be close enough to them to allow them to help him climb this last hurdle. 
As he waits for his shift to end he walks around the Lorries and sits on the grassy bank at the back of the depot. He picks a tall thin blade of grass and deep in contemplation he starts to chew the white end.
He’s confused. He doesn’t know what’s reality and what’s imagined reality. Yesterday, during his lunch break, he’d made a list of all the facts that each of the involved individuals had told him. He’d then, to the best of his ability, cross referenced them with all the other statements. He’d crossed out, added back in, crossed out again, and again and again until the paper was ripped and worn through. Then because he was unable to see what he’d actually written he reluctantly gave up as a feeling of despair settled over him. It was no clearer. The fact and the fantasy were no further apart and the right answers weren’t shining out at him. Each of the facts, if facts they were, had collaborative evidence and each clue that he’d been told had been told to him by at least two people. 
Except Michael’s. His evidence had been unique in several ways. First he’d been the only one to talk about Sam in a less than flattering terms and of himself in glowing terms. He did wonder if this was how abusers saw their victims. As perfect. A perfect sacrifice for them. He shakes his head. That type of thinking wouldn’t help. Not now. Not just before this meeting.
He reflects, with pleasure, on the story that Michael had told him. Michael had been the only one to tell Eddie that he’d actually been a very special and loveable little boy. Michael had, in fact, described Eddie in a way that had instantly struck a cord of remembrance; twanged at a feeling of sudden loss for Eddie. The description that Michael had conjured up was so real and powerful that Eddie had been able to engage with the image of his younger self all the time that Michael had been speaking. Without doubt Eddie knew that that little boy that Michael had described so well, the one sitting alone silently on a cold floor in a soggy nappy, had actually been his younger self. Even now the memory of the description is powerful enough to remind Eddie of the feel of the moisture as it seeps into the folds of flesh at the top of his infant legs, around his bum and before he will be changed, down the inside of his short fat legs. It had been him sitting on that cold floor. A toddler, lost, confused unsure where he was and why he was there. An innocent wondering, in the language of a child, when his father would come and take him back to the things and to the places that he knew. 
Surrounded by broken toys, thrown books and clothing that Sam had discarded the toddler Clive Streetwise understands, in his infant mind, that not crying and not drawing attention to himself would be best. 
And now the adult Eddie Streetwise thinks back on the events that, earlier on, Michael had recounted to him. He remembers the chaos that was evident all around. Whenever Sam was present chaos always followed. He remembers that now. How chaos is something he always associates with Sam, with his mother and with his deep feeling of uneasiness and impending doom. But it isn’t the chaos that scares him or adds to his physical pain. In his mind's eyes he can actually see himself back then. His tiny face contorted with the effort of not showing pain. His eyes fill with unshed tears as his tiny lips part and flatten against toothless gums as he tries to hold back the tears and he wonders when all the noise will stop. 
As the adult Eddie Streetwise looks back not only can he see himself here and now, lying on a grassy bank, a stem of grass trapped between his front molars, his fingers interlocked and placed behind his head, his eyes closed as he looks towards the heavens and the bright blue sky. He can feel the can of soft drink, his mobile phone, his wallet and keys that are stuffed deep into his jeans pockets and press against his legs and the sun warms his body. He can feel the packet of cigarettes in the breast pocket of his work shirt. He can see and feel all that and in addition Eddie Streetwise can feel, again, the sensations that he had experienced as a little boy.
He smiles through his threatening tears as he remembers the way Michael had looked when he’d reminded Eddie about his childish words. Michael had found his infant vocabulary humorous and apparently they’d talked together for hours. Michael had particularly liked Eddie’s word for his willie. Michael had laughed when he brought the subject up and simultaneously he’d placed his hand over his own genitalia as if checking that they were still there. It had been Michael that had reminded Eddie that Sam and his dad called it a piss spout. Yet it was Eddie’s infant tongue that was unable to pronounce his s’s that had given it the name that had stuck. 
Yet as soon as Michael had talked about it the memories, feelings and events all flooded back to him on a wave of realisation. Eddie holds on to the crest for fear of losing his sanity if not his very life. All that time he’s had with the shrink, his dad, Ben and Sam and none of them had produced the same effect in him as Michael had over a couple of glasses of ale and less than three of hours of his time. Michael had got right to the powerful emotions that Eddie had hidden away so deeply, covered so well, so that even he wasn’t sure that they existed any longer. It didn’t pass Eddie’s notice that it had taken a younger man, one who had lived with Ben and his mother; one who, perhaps, had also felt alone, abandoned and scared.
However he looks at it the only person who’d managed to engage Eddie to his younger self, to the child that had been Clive Streetwise, had been Michael Bridge. 
It was when he could no longer deny the link that he made the effort to track Michael down. The call between them had been short. An offer of a drink from Eddie, a long pause by Michael, then a suggested time, day and place had been hurriedly agreed. Later it was cancelled at short notice and then rescheduled for later that day.
Eddie looks up and smiles as the older man approached.
‘Wotcha, Mate,’ Michael Bridge greets him, ‘you turning bovine on me, or something?’
‘What?’
‘That blade of grass between your teeth. Is it a throwback to your mother's hippy phase?’
‘Did she have one?’
‘I always think of her as a hippy. She always wore floaty clothes, beads in her hair and a flower in summer and always, well as often as she could, she wouldn’t wear shoes. You know she worked in the kitchen at a burger place?’ he says sitting down besides Eddie and also like Eddie, Michael lies flat on his back and looks up at the mid-summer sky.
‘No.’
‘She handed the food from cook to customer and she’d often do it without her shoes on. She worked the night shift. Said it was easier as there were fewer bosses to tell her off. Besides the money was better.’
‘Night work is still better paid.’
‘Eddie, you want that drink?’
‘I said I’d buy you one.’
‘Or we can lie here on the bank and reminisce like two old men.’
‘Michael, would you mind if we stopped here? It’s a bit more private.’
‘No. Tell you what - give us a smoke and I’ll let you off the pint.’
‘You off the booze?’ Eddie asks removing the packet of cigarettes and handing them to Michael.
‘Just for the now. I’ve been asked to take a load up tonight. Claire, that’s my wife. Well Claire isn’t happy about it. But the money's good and besides I like working there so I want to help out when I can. You see, Eddie,’ he adds lighting his fag, ‘not all bosses don’t trust their workers.’
‘So what’s so good about it?’ Eddie asks genuinely interested.
‘Pay and I like my lorry. I like being my own man. On the road looking out for me and my mates. It’s a good life unless you want to be in your bed with the misses every night. For that type of man this life wouldn’t do. But I like it and to be honest I wouldn’t want to be around Claire and the kids any more than I am now. Don’t get me wrong - I love them and there ain’t no one else. But you can be together too much. And as for these blokes with several wives and families all over the place I just don’t know what they see in it. It’s like being given your freedom with one hand and giving it back with the other. If you ask me that’s just mad, plain mad. No, Eddie,’ Michael stops talking and turns to look Eddie in the eyes. ‘I reckon you and me’s alike. I think if your management training don’t turn out you could well be suited to this type of life.’
‘Might do.’
‘That’s if you wanted to give it a go.’
‘And what would my type of life be?’ Eddie asks.
‘Independent, free, come and go as you like.’
‘The open road.’
‘And, Eddie, don’t forget the powerful motor at your control.’
‘You make it sound attractive.’
‘Well if you want to change careers let me know and I’ll get you taken on. Okay you’d have to work your way up. But I don’t think you’re afraid of hard work are you, Eddie? Besides you could do worse.’
‘You mean like my dad?’
‘Or mine.’
‘Yes. Thanks for agreeing to see me again.’
‘And why wouldn’t I? You know the only thing about being on the road is that you don’t have many friends in your home town. So I’m happy to extend my drinking network even if Claire isn’t.’
‘So it’s lonely?’
‘I’d not say that, Eddie, but you have to be able to be alone for long periods. If you need company all the time then it’s not the life for you.’
‘So you see me as a loner?’
‘Ya, I guess I do.’
‘And you, Michael, what happened to you after the trial?’ As Eddie asks the question he realises that Michael is the only person he’s curious to know about how the trial had affected him. 
‘I came to see dad that day. I was all -.’ 
Michael laughs as he interrupts himself, throws the stub of his cigarette away and lies back down on the bank. Eddie copies and listens as the older man speaks. 
‘I was a shit and to be honest I didn’t see it at the time. But mum was right to chuck me out. I was so full of myself that I didn’t say anything to her. I just snatched up my Walkman and I was off. I arrived at dad’s flat and got the shock of my life. 
‘I’d met Angie a few times. I really liked her. It was good street cred having a dad who lived with a looker. And she was stunning to look at. She and I always got on well so I didn’t think nothing of arriving on their doorstep and asking for a bed for a couple of nights until mum calmed down and forgave me. She always had and I expected this occasion to be the same. Besides he was my dad and I’d slept on the couch before.
‘I knew Angie had kids but that was all. Dad had said about you visiting but I didn’t think it would happen. I knew they’d spent time with you both; but never for long and never in his flat. I don’t know if they’d told me and I’d forgotten or if I just didn’t listen. Kids are very self-centred and to be honest, unless it touched me then, I’d not pay the slightest bit of notice to it. You know once or twice the thought struck me that perhaps I did know and that’s the reason why I played up and got into trouble with the law. So that dad could turn you both out in favour of giving me a home. But that’s social work stuff and, to be honest, I don’t really go a bundle on it. But at the time I was inside it was offered as a reason for why I’d gone off the rails. 
‘Well I arrive in the flat. I’m in serious trouble, court appearance and I’m guilty; straight up. I’ve not admitted it but I know I did it and so do mum and dad. I was all cocky and banged on the door expecting my dad to swear at me and for Angie to protect and feed me. She was a good cook. She didn’t do it often but when she did she could turn out some lovely meals. So I was hoping for one of her famous fry-ups and instead I get two brats. I’m not well pleased I can tell you.
‘I don’t apologise for telling it as it is. I’ve had kids and I know the terrible twos, the terrible threes, and on it goes. Sam was a madam. I walked in and she demanded to know who I was. She poked me in the leg and told me to play with her or get out. I told her that it was my dad's flat and if anyone was leaving it wouldn’t be me. She slapped me and said she’d see about it. I could have thrown her out of the window she made me that mad. Angie came in and took her side which shocked me. I left them alone and they spoke for a few minutes until they both came into the living room where I had just told dad that mum had thrown me out and that I was due in court later that week. Sam didn’t understand and just demanded that I play with her. You were sat on the floor and it was all happening around you and it was as if you didn’t notice a thing. Dad took me to the kitchen and Sam followed us. We then left the flat and I could hear her screaming long after we’d got out of the building. I actually felt sorry for you and Angie. 
‘I have this image of you. You looking all lost and forlorn it was pitiable. Then as I got to know your sister I realised that it was your coping strategy. The only way of not finding yourself on her radar and have her pick on you to be her latest playmate was to be invisible.
‘When we came back you’d both gone to bed. Dad and Angie argued. I was in the bathroom and could hear. Okay I think so could everyone the walls were paper thin and there’s no soundproofing. So they argued but I still got to stay.
‘That first night was hell. Angie told me to sleep in the room with you two. Eddie, I was pissed off I can tell you. I was, well, I considered myself a man. I was going to court and probably to jail and here she was making me sleep in the same bed as two kids! I can tell you if I’d have had any left I’d have gone to stay with friends.
‘I remember walking into the bedroom. It didn’t smell too fresh. Which was odd because my dad did keep a clean flat. He was fastidious; annoyingly so to a teenage boy. Come to think of it that wouldn’t be difficult, would it?
‘So there was I in this awful room with just enough room for me to lie on the floor. I takes a pillow off the bed. You open your eyes almost as if registering what’s happening and then go back to sleep. I then take the blanket off your bed. There isn’t a sheet or anything else. I strip off and wrap myself in the blanked and lie on the floor. Sam doesn’t stir, yet you, you open your eyes and watch me silently as if it’s only you and me and we’re sharing this big secret.
‘Then the next day we go to the park. I carry you on my shoulders and dad carries Sam. She barks orders that I do my best to ignore. She doesn’t half get annoyed with me. Then it’s bath and bedtime. I ask dad if I can sleep on the couch and they have their bedroom with you two. But he says no so I go back to the room. I really feel guilty taking the bedding but I’m not sleeping in the same bed as you two. You again open your eyes and look at me as I take the pillow and it cuts my hardened heart in two. I put it back under your little sleepy head and with quite a yank pull the one from underneath Sam. She gurgles in her sleep but doesn’t wake. Whereas you; you giggle and that starts me off. We lie there in the dark laughing at the misfortune that your elder sister is oblivious to.
‘The next day I get taken home and lose all contact with you both. I’m found guilty and I get sent to a Juve and it’s where I am when dad and Angie are arrested and it all blows up. Fortunately, for me, it takes years and I’m out before they get a date for their trial. So it wasn’t that bad. If I’d still been inside I’d have had a terrible time. But I’m out and I can say that for me it was a lesson well learnt. I go home to mum who by now has another tag line. Michael, she’ll say, you do that and you’ll end up just like your dad. It must run in his family.
‘I don’t go to court. I’ve had enough of them. I’m not called as a witness so I keep away. I know they did try to link your injuries to me. But nothing came of that. So I try not to think about it.’
‘Who did?’
‘Your dad for one. I don’t know what he hoped would happen. I think he was trying to show that we were a family of abusers. I really do think it was his way of accusing everyone of abusing you without having to think it through carefully. I think he thought that dad was offering you for sex to anyone and everyone. And he liked to remind people that abuse ran in the family. I was 15. I was a tough lad who’d been inside, come out and knew right from wrong. I didn’t need that and besides some of the things he accused my dad and me of -. Well I just wanted to knock his block off. But I was lucky; I took an anger management course while inside. And to be honest it did me a lot of good. I think that without it I’d have smashed your dad’s face in. You know that he also accused Angie?’
‘What?’
‘Yeah. Said she had to know what’d been going on and if she knew, and let it happen, then perhaps she’d joined in. I don’t know when or why or how but that was changed and she was finally charged with perverting the course of justice because, apparently, according to your father, she covered up his abuse of you. His and mine. Then during the trial I didn’t see much of dad. He said that until his name was cleared he thought it best if I didn’t visit. Actually mum made it clear that she wasn’t going to allow us to go. Stupid bitch - how she thought she’d stop us I don’t know. So I didn’t see him until after the trial. Then he had a big party and I knew then that Angie wasn’t well.’
‘What you mean?’
‘The trial had taken a lot out of her. The accusations. God, Eddie, she was pleased to have been called inadequate! Come on! Okay she was but to be made to feel grateful for being described as inadequate. She’d had the stuffing knocked out of her. Before the trial, well before your holiday, she was lively, vivacious and fun to be with. Afterwards it was like living with my gran. No word of a lie she’d aged. She lost her sparkle. She’d had shiny black hair and it dulled and started to drop out. She used to move with grace and a fluidity of movement that was eye-catching; especially to me as a 15 year old boy. Yet after the trial she could hardly take more than a step or two. Before the trial she’d long, slim fingers, lovely hands and nails, always polished and always perfectly manicured. After and I’m talking days, not weeks, just after the trail her hands were bent double with pain and the joints swollen. Almost overnight her lovely hands became big ugly banana shaped fingers on stumpy ends. It ruined her. Turned her from a stunning beauty into an old hag in eight short weeks.’
‘And was nothing done for her?’
‘Eddie,’ he says softly not looking at the younger man. ‘Eddie, I think she lost the will to live. She’d lost you and Sam. She’d not seen you for two years and she’d sat in court and listen to you both saying how awful my dad was and how awful that holiday had been and how you both didn’t want to go back to see them. And even if that wasn’t hurt enough for her the injustice of it all. There was no way, that she could see, of you three ever getting back together again. She felt that, in the two years between the events and the trial, your dad had poisoned you against her. And I think, but don’t forget I was only 15 at the time, but I think she knew that you’d never go back to her. So she just gave up.’
‘God, how awful.’
‘Yes. I watched her disintegrate. I was living with them by then. They moved out of the flat. I’d got a job as a driver's mate. Good money. I would be away a lot and it had a career so if I worked hard and kept out of trouble I could see myself progressing. I needed a place for when I was in town. They agreed to rent a two-bed flat that we’d share. Actually I think she did hope that by having the extra rooms you kids may have been attracted back to see her. But it didn’t happen.
‘Every time I came back I noticed how poorly she looked. Dad did try to help her. He got her drugs. But to be honest, Eddie, he was trying everything to get her energy and drive for life back. But it was only soft drugs nothing hard. He couldn’t afford that. But nothing helped; she went downhill and then that last time. It was awful.
‘I went to see your dad. Angie asked me to try and see if I could soften his heart. I was crewing for a man who went to Durham once or twice a month so it was natural she’d ask me. I was to see your dad and if possible you two kids and plead her case. I readily agreed. Angie was a wonderful woman. Besides the courts had said that they had to work towards a family reconciliation; but it was obvious that your dad was scuppering it at every opportunity. And that nothing official was being done to help your mother. She’d written a letter to him asking to see you both. By then she knew, and we all knew, that she was dying. 
‘I arrived at your dad’s office. I decided that a public place for our first meeting would be best. I told him who I was. Told him that she was dying and handed him the note.’ Michael stops talking, fishes out his own cigarettes, takes one and then offers the packet to Eddie.
‘I think I’d better. I’m not sure I want to hear this.’
‘I don’t have to tell it, if you don’t want to hear it, Eddie. This confession isn’t for my benefit. I put all these ghosts to bed years ago.’
‘I don’t want to hear but I think I’ve got to. Go on, Michael, it can’t be as bad as I’m imagining it to be.’
‘He tore it up. Right there and then in front of me. He then told me to go to hell and told me to tell her to fucking well die slowly and in as much agony as she’d inflicted on his son and got away with. He was screaming and pressed right up against my face. His spit splashed me when he said his s’s. He then storms off slamming the staff door so I can’t follow him. I can hear him swearing as he walks out of my life for the last time. And it’s true he really did do and say all that in the foyer of his building society. I felt humiliated, shocked and glad that I’d not picked somewhere private. Stewart, he was the driver that I was crewing for, on the way back gave me some really good advice. He made me realise that it wasn’t me, but your dad, who came out of that exchange looking the fool.’
‘I don’t see how?’
‘No. I guess it comes with age. But, Eddie, he behaved badly and in front of his staff. They would have lost all respect for him. No matter what the provocation you don’t F and Blind in a public space. Especially in your own office where it’s your role to maintain discipline. No. By the time Stewart and I got back to London I realised that your dad was the biggest tosser I’d ever met. Sorry, Eddie, but he was.’
‘And how did mum take the news?’
‘I lied, Eddie, I never told her.’ 


Chapter 23

The face in the mirror looks back and Eddie hears it telling him that he’s got it all the wrong way round. Through tooth pasted lips, foaming around the corners of his mouth, he talks to himself aloud.
‘That’s right - all this time and I’ve had it all the wrong way round. I shouldn’t be so focused on myself. I may be the victim but I’m not the only one involved here. What I should be trying to do is to find out who would want to protect the perpetrator. And why they would want to protect them. Who would love so much that they would excuse, or allow it to happen.’ 
This realisation is so powerful that Eddie finds that, for a moment or two, he needs the support of the hand basin to steady himself. He stares deep into the mirror and sees his bed-sit reflected back to him. He notices the untidiness and the lack of anything but the basic furnishings. The single upright chair, the single bed, a cupboard by the door, stove and kettle. He notices the lack of any attempt at order and wonders if this could be the cause of or the effect from his early experiences. Michael had described him as being an unnaturally neat child. So why, as an adult, is he such a slob? He wonders as he swills his mouth and releases a stream of frothing foam into the basin. 
He wipes his mouth, inspects his teeth and then walks away. Heading for the bed he realises that, in all his months of trying to find the solution, he’s been looking at the problem the wrong way round.
He slips off his jeans, allows them to drop to the floor, steps out of them and leaves them where they fall, half way between the sink and the un-curtained window. On reaching the door he checks that it’s locked, reaches over and flicks off the central light and then in the darkness makes his way towards his single unmade bed. As he never bothers to make his bed he climbs into the same welcoming contours of pillow, mattress and blanket that he’d emerged from 17 hours earlier when his alarm had shocked him into wakefulness at seven a.m.
He momentarily checks that the alarm is set for the right time. He then pulls the blanket up to his chin and turns onto his side. Facing the window he can just make out the moon peeking above the corrugated roof of the factory that his bed-sit overlooks. He closes his eyes and tells himself to go to sleep.
The moment he issues the order he starts to fidget. He wriggles between the sheets, he pushes the covers away, and then moments later pulls them back to his chin. He covers his head, uncovers it and then pushes the coverings to his feet. He rotates his shoulders and shuffles his body from side to side as if trying to make the indentation in the mattress, the one that have been caused by over usage and heavy sleepers, larger. 
Finally he appears to settle and he snuggles down. He turns his mind from getting comfortable and ready for sleep to considering all the people who’ve been involved with his abuse. As his mind tries to focus his body starts to wriggle again. All the time he’s preparing his mental list, of the prime suspects, he’s fidgeting. They’re small movements that rock the bed and make the frame squeak. Silently, save for the speaking of the bed frame, he rotates his feet, his wrists, his neck, he raises and lowers his arms, his legs his head. Yet for all his mental and physical activity it’s still a very short list. 
He sits up, looks at the clock and then throws himself back on the pillow. The bed groans. To his mental list he starts to add lines as if he’s playing a game of joining related and unrelated dots. Each of his lines is mentally drawn between each of the people involved and the suspects that he believes that each of them would want to protect. He references, cross references and finally when he’s so totally confused and cannot tell if his lines leave this one, or come from that one, he gives up.
It’s a mess. He’d been trying to trace a line between Michael and Ben when he realises that, without directional guidance, he can’t know if the line is going to or coming from Michael to Ben. Visualising it in this way makes it impossible to tell where each of his lines starts and where they stop. 
He turns over and throws himself face down turning his head so his nose is clear of the pillow, so allowing him to breathe easily. He considers getting out of bed and finding a pen and some paper so he can draw his lines and make the links clearer in his own mind. But he doesn’t know if he has any pens or paper and besides, he’s warm, and the comforting feel of the blankets seemed to help his thought process.
The restless body of Eddie Streetwise tosses and throws himself from one side of the single bed to the other. The blankets that he tosses and turns form an array of shapes that defy the ordered mind to name. First they form peaks, then deep troughs and then tumble to the floor. They are pulled, shaped and discarded at regular intervals.
He’s perched on that point of sleep that offers no dreams and does not still the restless body. Eddie’s moving in his bed, twisting, turning while his small face is etched with anguish as if he’s in great pain. As if a truth too terrible to tell is slowly growing inside him. And as it grows so it moves from his subconscious mind into his sleeping dreams.
At one stage he sits up in bed and yells mother in a short staccato voice. But nothing wakes him. Not the calling out aloud. Not the jerky way that he rises up from the mattress. Not even the momentary holding of this up-right position before sinking back on his mattress. Not even the vicious squeaking of the bed frame. He falls back on the pillow and carries on his dreaming. His remembering of his long forgotten nightmare is just unfolding as he slips into REM sleep.
Tossing, turning, restless, not awake and yet not in restful repose Eddie spends the night. The moon glides across his open window and casts long, lengthening, longer shadows. Then shorter, smaller and eventually no shadow at all as the sun rises and saps the strength of the silvery moon. And all the time Eddie’s been dreaming, reliving events that he thought he’d long forgotten. Events that, in truth, he doesn’t really want to remember. Events that when waking, in the morning, will have changed his life forever.
As the first rays of sunlight drip through the misty morning he lies still as if the pain of the resolving sleep has been soothed by an invisible hand.
Still asleep as the arms of the clock come into his final hour of slumber Eddie finds that resolution has called. And that the card that it has left he can no longer avoid.
Like a wave on a mighty ocean the movement starts in his eyes. A flicker, a movement, rapid and spasmodic. His lips twitch and without fully opening his eyelids blink. His cheek muscles contract and relax, his neck and shoulders toss the head as if they’re trying to prise it free and roll it away. Shivers, escaping from deep in his soul, cause his body to move involuntary as, still fast asleep, he reacts to the knowledge that’s just taken hold of his mind. He tosses and half turns, groans and then turns over fully, flaying his arms to either side of the bed. His body is coated in a thick film of sweat that glistens in the early morning light. His head rocks, while his legs feel as if they’re walking around on their own. His feet tap to an imagined beat. His shivers become more and more frequent as his body dances to their powerful beat. On the crest of one wave he rises in bed, clutches the sheets to his chest and screams ‘mother’. He opens his eyes and, this time, he’s instantly awake.
Instantly Eddie remembers. He tries to forget and then watches as in his mind’s eye he can see that all the pieces fit. It’s as if he is watching them drop into place, piece by piece, resolution by resolution, reason by reason.
He throws the covers off and picks up his keys and a towel which he drapes over the lower half of his body. He walks to the door, unlocks it, steps outside and then relocks the door. With swift movements he makes his way to the shared bathroom at the other end of the corridor. Once inside he closes and locks the door, momentarily resting against it before he drops the towel and removes his underpants before stepping into the shower. He turns the taps on full and then he turns the hot tap off. He screams ‘Bloody Hell!’ as the cold water pummels his body like the revelations have been pummelling his mind.  
He turns the tap off, dries himself without care or thought and after retrieving his pants he slips them back on. He drapes the towel back over his lower half before returning to his room. He pushes his door. It’s locked and only then does he remember that he hasn’t retrieved his keys. He slams his fist against the wooden door. It bends, shakes, cracks but doesn’t break. Eddie runs back to the bathroom. As the towel slips from his waist as he still runs. He doesn’t bother to stop to retrieve it.
He reaches the still empty bathroom, pushes the door open and notices his keys lying just where he’d dropped them, on the floor, by the door. He bends down, snatches them up and then runs back, stopping on the way back only to retrieve his towel. 
As he lets himself in to his bed-sit he realises that he’s not seen any of the other 13 residents. And as important they’ve not seen him. He feels slightly cheated; this day his life will change for good. Yet at this very moment he seems to be alone in the world. 
He slips into his room; actually quite thankful that his pummelling of his door hadn’t disturbed anyone else. He walks over to where he dropped his clothing last night and pulls on his jeans, socks, shoes and then picks up a T-shirt from the top of the washing basket. He looks at the basket as he remembers who gave it to him. Apparently they had thought it was an appropriate house warming gift for a young man setting up his first home. Viciously he kicks the basket; it breaks where his foot makes contact. It totters, rolls onto its side and as it tumbles towards the door the lid falls off. If there’d been any contents they too would have been spilt. But the only clothes that Eddie owns are his uniform and the ones he’s wearing now. As he listens to the basket rocking to and fro he snatches up and then thrusts his arms into his hooded jumper. 
Now fully dressed and without shaving he leaves his flat knowing that today, today he is going to kill the person who abused him and then he’ll kill himself.


Chapter 24

Eddie enters the kitchen and takes a step towards Sam. Before he knows what he’s doing his fist has flown from his side and he’s struck her across the cheek.
‘You bitch,’ he yells as he hits her again.
Responding to the blows Sam takes a step back and covers her face with her arms. ‘Eddie, you fucking sod. You lost the plot or something? You get out of here you fucking bastard.’
‘You,’ he repeats hitting her again. ‘All along it was you. And you you scheming bitch you soured me against mum and dad and Ben.’ He hits her again. ‘It’s Ben that I feel for, you bitch. Tell me what’s it like to have someone bigger than you bully you?’
‘Eddie you gone nuts of something? Fuck off or I’ll call the police and then you’ll be in trouble,’ she replies lashing out at him.
‘Call them. And I’ll tell them what a perv my sister is. Look at you,’ he demands as his lays his arm out across the work surface by the draining board. Then with a mighty sweep he shoves the breakfast dishes off the counter and onto the floor. While in the other hand he picks up a pot of jam. ‘All cosy and nice. But you aren’t, Sis, are you? You’re a perv and you know it as well as I do!’ He throws the jam pot at Sam and watches as it hits her on the shoulder before falling to the ground and smashing as it hits the hard flooring. Together they watch as it spreads its red coloured liquidly lumps all over the dirty lino.
	‘Eddie,’ she says softly looking around her and then into his eyes. ‘Eddie, please? Why you doing this,’ she begs spitting out blood from between her teeth.
‘Isn’t that what I said to you? Is that how I begged you every time? And did it make you stop? No. In fact the more I asked you to stop the harder the slapping, the biting and the punching got.’
‘Eddie, you don’t know what you’re talking about?’
‘Don’t I? Then let me remind you. That holiday. That glorious trip to London we were due to spend with Mum and Ben. The one we’d been looking forward to, and you, you dear sister, you fucked it for all of us.’
‘I didn’t, Eddie. You don’t know what you’re talking about. I didn’t hurt you. It was Ben. It was him all the time. He’s a perv, and –.’ the blow silences her and as she staggers she hits her lower back on the open cupboard door.
‘No, Sister Sam, it was you. I remember you came into my room –.’
‘Well that’s not right for a start. We shared a bed and you wet it every night. It was awful -.’
‘And what do you think it was like for me? Yes it was awful. Mum looking pained all the time. And then there was Ben trying not to yell and me. And there were you. Smirking and taking pleasure in seeing other people upset and annoyed with me. Yes, my dear, sweet, elder sister, only you weren’t sweet, or dear were you? Well, were you?’ 
His voice rises and he takes a step towards Sam who flinches. Her apparent repulsion at his proximity mentally stabs him and he turns away from her as he adds: 
‘I can picture your hands as you pinched me. Pushed me into things and then that day you slammed the door in my face. Oh and that incident in the bath. Let’s not forget the bath. Oh, Sister, you made bath nights hell for me. Okay so the room was a mess and the stuff all cracked and broken but who saw to it that I got almost every part of my body trapped between the bath and the door at some time or other? It hurts Sam,’ he cries out. ‘It hurt then and by God it still hurts to this day. I’d cry out to you and I’d ask you to stop. But you wouldn’t. I was two. I was just two years old when I realised that crying out for your pity wouldn’t work. I was two years old damn you!’ He stands over her. ‘I was two, Sam, and you tortured me. Picked on me without mercy. I was two when I learnt not to cry. Two, Sam, two. That was your gift to me. And you know how I know? It’s because I know that mum and Ben covered up for you. There wasn’t anyone else they’d do that for. And what did they get for protecting you? I’ll tell you what they got. Mum, our beautiful mother got an early grave and Ben, poor Ben he got the tag of –.’
‘But it was him, Eddie. You have to believe me. He touched -.’
‘He touched nothing. You see, I remember. I remember you pulling, pinching, twisting and I remember me crying out and asking … No not asking, begging you to stop. I begged you, Sam, and still you didn’t stop. You’d slap me and pinch my willie. You told me you had to tie it in a knot so I wouldn’t wet the bed and mum wouldn’t leave us again. You hit me saying she left because of -.’
‘But I didn’t, Eddie. I’m your sister and I’ve always taken care of you. Okay I may have said things to you. Believe me it wasn’t nice waking up in that bed. But, Eddie, you can’t believe that I’d do something like that to my own baby brother; can you?’ She looks at him, pleading, her tone confessional and to Eddie's ears pathetically pitiable.
‘Yes. No. I mean I no. I don’t believe you because I’ve worked out the truth. After all these years I’ve finally figured out who did it. I know it was you. And all I want now is to know why. So, Sam, you’d better pray it isn’t true what they say.’
‘And what’s that?’
‘That pervs run in the family -.’
’Stop saying that. I’m not a perv. I’m not!’ she screams.
‘And that pervs blank it from their mind,’ he continues having ignored her interruption. ‘Only my dear, Big Sister, it wasn’t Ben, it wasn’t mum -.’
‘Then his son. He slept with us and if I remember rightly he always insisted on being on your side of the bed,’ she says quickly walking towards him with her hands outstretched in front of her.
‘Sam, stop lying to me,’ he warns. ‘I’ll not be lied to, by anyone, ever again,’ he yells smashing his fists into the cooling washing up water and splashing the sudsy water everywhere. He grabs Sam by her hair and twists it around his wet hands. Whispering between clenched teeth he warns her, ‘it was not Michael.’ 
‘But Clive -.’
‘I’m not Clive any more, Sister. I’m Eddie Streetwise and I’ve been on a long journey…’ he throws her away from him, ‘…that I’ve now come to the end of.’
‘Sorry, Eddie, the judge said -.’
‘Bitch. I was there, Sam, I remember -.’
‘You remember. Okay, Eddie, you remember. But you were two. And what about what I remember?’ she asks, not bothering to stem the tears that are flowing down her face.
‘Did I cry, Sam? And did that stop the abuse? I don’t think so.’
‘You think you remember but you don’t. All this digging away and trying to finds facts that aren’t there. Believe me, Eddie, you remember it all wrong and you don’t remember it how I do.’
‘No, Sam, I don’t and you know what? You’re the only person not to talk about it. I’ve had long conversations with dad, Michael, Ben and two of the jurors. But you. You’re the only one holding out on me. Now why should that be?’
‘Eddie, we were so young?’ she says softly her voice on the edge of tears.
‘So young?’ he mimics her tone. ‘Yes we were so young, Sam, but that didn’t stop me from being a victim of your cruelty. And that shaped my life. I served time in Juve because of you. And there I was telling everyone that you were my big sister who loved and cared for me. And it was you all along.’
‘Eddie, it’s not like that.’
‘Then what’s it like for you, Sister Dear?’
‘I know what you’ve done. And as you said you did it not me. You served the time ‘cause you did the crime.’
‘Sam, I don’t need that crap. I did the crime but why did I do it? What sent me off the rails? If I’d had -.’ Words from Demetrius and Candida come back to him and he feels ashamed. 
He catches sight of himself reflected in the window and sees, in the corner of his eye, Sam cowering. He knows this isn’t what he wants from life. He also knows that when he’d left home that morning he’d been determined to kill her and then himself. 
Suddenly all his energy is drained from him. His emotions are spent as he adds, ‘All my life I’ve been looking for someone to hate. Someone to play the bogey man. And you and dad handed Ben to me on a plate. I was too young to distinguish your fact from the reality of what actually happened to me. I know now that Ben is nothing more than a sad inadequate bloke. He desperately wanted to make a home with mum and to have us around. But we disappointed him because we fought and were not the nice kids he’d expected us to be. Especially you, Sam. You by all accounts were a right little madam. And Ben he’s just one of life’s poor saps who love too well. Only he wasn’t capable of -.’
‘But that’s where you’re wrong, Eddie, he was. And he did. I remember him forcing you to sit on the loo and hitting the soles of your feet -.’
‘You fucking bitch,’ he snaps, her denial causes his anger to flare up again. ‘That was you. You did all that. You forced me to sit there for hours while mom and Ben kept asking after me. And you told them I was in the loo because I wanted to be there. And then you tried to get me into trouble for taking too long. Oh yes, Sam, I remember it all now. What you didn’t tell them was that you’d learnt how to force the loo lock from the outside and that I was actually in there only because you’d locked me in.’
‘So you got locked in the loo. Is this what this is all about?’
‘No! Remember that toilet in the park? It was an outside loo with no light and once the door was closed there was nothing to see but darkness. You pushed me inside and locked the door. Sam I wasn’t even three years old. I was scared and I remember crying out to you begging you to let me out. Look at Jo-Lo –.’
‘Leave my kids out of this.’
‘She’s the age I was then.’
‘She’s nothing to do with this.’
‘What will she think when she finds out that her mum's a perv and repeatedly abused her little brother.’
‘I didn’t.’
‘Sam, I remember.’ Eddie again suddenly loses his strength in his overwhelming love for his sister. ‘Sam,’ he stammers as he reaches for a kitchen knife and she drops to the floor. ‘Sam, I remember even if you’ve got a selective memory. I don’t. I remember it was your hands,’ he looks at them, ‘always so soft and white. I can see them. No I can feel you pinching my willie and chanting out in that sing song voice of yours, piss ‘pout wets the bed. Piss ‘pout wets the bed. Bad, piss ‘pout, bad piss ‘pout. Piss ‘pout wets the bed. And, Sam, I also saw the pictures that they took of me afterwards. Fuck you, Sam. I hated dad, mum and Ben. I hated the world and robbed, swore and stole my way for revenge and all the time I loved the bitch who’d done this to me. I loved you, Sam, and I can’t help it I still do.’
‘Eddie,’ she says getting up and reaching out towards him her eyes fixed on the knife.
‘Don’t touch me you fucking bitch,’ he snaps wrapping his arms around his body and listening as the knife crashes to the floor. ‘That’s my sister I’d say when guys looked at you. You’d come to see me with the kids. The perfect family group and I was so proud of you all. That’s my sister I’d tell ‘em. She’s the perfect mother.’ He bends down and retrieves the knife. ‘And now I learn what you’re really like. You know what, Sam, you’re trash. You know what we do to people like you in prison? Sam, I’ve come to end this here and now.’
‘Eddie, put the knife down,’ Sam says pushing her back against the cupboards so she can use them to support her while she stands up to face her brother.
‘I aim to put it right down your throat and then my own. It has to end now. And you’ll understand that because you’re the one who stands at prison gates screaming about what should be done to pervs. So I’m going to do, to you, what you scream for.’
‘Eddie, hate me but why should my kids come back and find their mother’s been murdered by their uncle? They’re due home soon. Please Eddie, please?’
‘Pervs shouldn’t be allowed to live. You know, Sam, it was you who told me that?’
‘I’m not a perv, Eddie. Even if I did do all those terrible things to you it wasn’t perverted. I can be accused of being a bully but not of that. Never! I’m not a perv. Eddie, listen to me please I’m begging you?’
‘And do you suggest that I listen to you the way you listened to little, scared, frightened Clive Streetwise? When I called out to you in fear, pain and hurt did you listen to me, Sister?’
‘No,’ she says softly dropping to the linoleum covered floor and holding onto the kitchen units. ‘Eddie, I was so young.’
Eddie stands towering over her the knife held in his hand as if he’s poised to strike with it. He shakes gently with pent up, yet controlled, rage. He silently allows her the space to go on talking.
The child that had been Sam Streetwise fills her and she feels she’s back in that cold, hard and unwelcoming flat. 
‘Remember the flat, Eddie? Not that dad’s place had been grand. But we had carpets and nice things. We had cans of drinks in the fridge, sweets, good food and toys, our own bedrooms and our own garden. Dad built us that swing. Remember, Eddie? 
‘That week Ben came for us. On the bus ride back he told us all about the parks and about all the things we’d do while we’re together. Never once did he mention that he lived in a grotty flat on the top floor of a converted house. 
‘When we arrived and saw mum it was wonderful until she showed us the room we’re to sleep in. It was cramped and awful. There was a mattress on the floor and nothing else. I asked for toys and they didn’t have any. We’d brought a few with us. Not many as we’d come down on the bus with Ben. I remember crying as they broke in my hands. I asked if we could play outside. They said it wasn’t a day for the park and we had to sit inside until bedtime. There was just two rooms, a bathroom and a kitchen. And we weren’t allowed in there. I ran around and he yelled at me. So I sat still for hours. I’m sure it was hours. Well it felt like hours. It was awful. I kept trying to open doors and he’d come up behind me and slam them shut. It was awful. I think we found some brushes and you know what good imaginations kids have. So we started playing space heroes, or something, with them.’
‘Yes,’ Eddie quietly interjects. ‘I had the brush from the dustpan set and you had a long handled broom. Not an even contest as I remember.’
‘We did try and play nicely and okay we each landed a few bruises on the other. Then mum stopped us playing and then that Michael turned up. He wouldn’t play with us. In fact he took Ben out. Then mum put us to bed. It was far too early. We’d been on a bus all day so we needed to let off steam. I guess they just didn’t realise. Ben didn’t come back so mum got a friend to come and sit with us while she went to work. The friend looked in once or twice but really just left us to ourselves. We couldn’t sleep. Over tired from the journey, over excited about being with mum and over disappointed that we’d have to live without toys and stuff for a whole week. It seemed to me, as we went to bed that night; that we’d never be happy ever again.
‘It was hard sharing a bed. You rolled on to me and I’d push you off. Okay as it kept happening I started to push you off with greater force. I guess I was trying to take my pain out on someone other than myself.’
‘It’s called transference,’ Eddie says looking out of the window with his arms folded.
‘Eddie,’ she sobs. ‘I was four and so unhappy. I do remember fighting you and mum telling me not to. She’d often pull us apart and hit me because I was the elder. It all seemed so unfair. Okay I was older, stronger and taller but we was only kids. Besides I didn’t ask for you to be born. I was happy with just mum, dad and me. It all started to go wrong for them when you came along. And to be honest, Eddie, I didn’t want mum to be put off coming back to live with dad and me because you wet the bed.’ 
Sam rummages in her pocket and finds a used tissue with a corner that’s still serviceable. She blows her nose and continues softly as if talking to herself. 
‘When dad said we were going to visit mum do you remember we talked about how, if we were good, we could get her to come back with us. We were both going to be as good as gold and do as she asked and then she’d never want to be apart from me again. So that when dad came to pick us up she’d beg him to let her come back as well. We’d got it all worked out. It was going to be wonderful and she’d come home making the ending the best bit.
‘Only it didn’t work out that way. You started to wet the bed and I knew she wouldn’t want to come back with me and that it was all your fault. I guess it’s fair to say that I may have played up and had a few more tantrums than normal.’ She dries her tears as she reminisces; her eyes fixed on a moment in time that’s long past. ‘We fought. Perhaps I did start it. But I saw that mum got more and more angry as you soiled pants, bedding and their precious mattress. I could tell she wasn’t going to come home with me and it was you who’d spoilt it for dad and me. I was angry and I was only four so I didn’t know how to manage my emotions. I so wanted us to be back together. Mum coming back with us. I’d seen it and it was my dream. I was going to make it happen. Then you started to spoil it and… and I couldn’t let that happen. She had to come back with me, she had to. It had to happen as I’d dreamt that it would. I’m sorry, Eddie.’
Sam Cross looks up. Eddie is no longer there and she’d not even heard him leave.


###
About the author
Having been writing for the last 30 years I have 17 books to my credit. In Our Name is my first standalone novel. 
As Smashwords has proved to be so popular I will publish my Jim Dexter trilogy (crime fiction) next year and my crime series The Foxes the following year. 
For sneak previews and information on my other titles you can contact me via my blog http://ambridges@livedrive.co.uk


Other titles
Blood on the Mud 				The first Jim Dexter Novel
Blood on the Ice				The second Jim Dexter Novel
Blood on the Mind				The third Jim Dexter Novel

Lies, Lust and New Tricks			The first Foxes novel
Actions and Reactions			A Foxes novel
When Law and Order Break Down		A Foxes Novel
Reprisals, Retributions and Reprieve	A Foxes Novel

Be the first to read the draft first chapter of Blood on the Mud


Chapter One

Anastasia Bennett parks her Ford Focus in the passenger pick-up area of the main line station before looking around for her boss. 
Jim Dexter isn’t hard to spot. His height, his graceful yet manly figure and his mass of salt and pepper hair ensures that he always stands out in any crowd. As always he’s immaculately dressed in his trade mark black jeans, open necked brilliant white shirt, with highly starched, if somewhat old fashioned, Beetle Collar, and a checked jacket that he carries slung over his left shoulder. He’s smiling as he struggles to sign autographs for the array of fans who’ve eagerly surround him. 
Anastasia notices, with more than a pang of envy, that most of his assembled fans are women; and most of them are young enough to be his granddaughters. Her smile broadens as she watches while he tries to balance a sheet of paper on his left palm while he signs it with his right hand. She’s impressed as much with the variety of stationary, that people are using for this impromptu autograph session, as she is with his imaginative positioning of the paper. 
After getting out of the car Anastasia places her key in one of her jacket pockets. She looks on with pride as Jim uses the back of one of his adoring female fans as a rest for a sheet of wrapping paper that, in lieu of anything more suitable, he’s signing for her.
The woman in question asks, in a strong South London accent, ‘Can you put “To Tracey with love from Jim,” please?’  
As Anastasia waves to attract his attention he bends down to sign a plaster cast on the ankle of a rather matronly woman. Anastasia walks towards them aware that Jim and his fans are blocking the main entrance. In fact they’re totally oblivious to anyone else. Even she, with her six foot and a half in inch frame, her slim figure and her striking blue black hair, even she fails to catch anyone’s attention; even his and he’s expecting her. She actually likes the fact that her famous employer always has time for his fans and that part of her duty is to rescue him from time to time.
‘Taxi for Mr Dexter,’ Anastasia announces walking up to him. ‘This way, Mr Dexter, please.’ she instructs as she claims him for herself.
‘Sorry,’ he says handing back a newspaper he’s just signed. His eyes hold the owners of the paper for just a moment too long. 
Anastasia takes his arm as she asks, ‘Is this your only bag?’ She picks up a small briefcase before non-too gently propelling him towards her car. 
‘Was that someone you know?’ she demands when they’re out of earshot.
‘Beautiful, isn’t she?’ Jim asks. 
‘Nice wedding ring.’
‘Funny, the little details you notice. And yet it’s me who’s the writer.’
‘Pity you don’t take a little more care, of those sorts of details, yourself then,’ she retorts’ in a tone of proprietarily censorship as they weave between the parked vehicles.
‘And me a writer?’ he asks with mock injury as they arrive at the car. A look of concern explodes over his manly features as he realises that she’s come in her own car!
Anastasia opens the doors, places his briefcase behind the passenger seat and then settles herself behind the wheel while Jim looks back at the dispersing crowd.
‘You look pleased with yourself,’ she notes as he opens the passenger door. 
Jim Dexter, creator of the international bestselling sleuth Sefton Blake, agile, fit and looking none of his sixty-nine years climbs in beside her.
‘Good of you to pick me up,’ he says sitting in the passenger seat and then placing, carefully, a paternal kiss on her cheek. 
‘Not at all. Is that really all the luggage you have?’ she asks again, this time hoping for an answer.
He turns to face her; a look of mock horror dusting his maturing features. 
‘What else would I need for a night of passion? I have all I need here’, he holds up his jacket and pats the side pocket before lying it down gently on the back seat. ‘A packet of three and a clean hankie. I didn’t spend much time in my under-garments. Or in my over-garments for that matter. So I don’t think they’ll need changing. Or don’t you lesbians have naked sex like we hetro’s do?’
‘You can tell you’re a writer. And, by that look on your face, you’ve had a good night. But no more, please,’ she adds hoping to be spared some of his more colourful descriptions. She makes a habit of ignoring all his sexual reference. While she likes working for Jim, Anastasia often finds his macho style to be a little wearing.
‘If I look pleased then it’s only with the pure joy at seeing you and knowing you’ve come to rescue me, my dear.’
‘Pull the other, Jim. But seriously; you must have more luggage? Do we need to stop somewhere to pick it up?’
‘What is it with you and luggage? Have you a problem? A fetish or something I should know about?’
‘No, but we’re due to spend the whole weekend away. Starting today and going on until Monday. That’s three whole days and you don’t appear to have anything but the clothes you’re standing up in.’
‘You know me. And you also know that I like to travel light.’
‘Travelling light’s one thing, Jim. But no luggage at all …? Well that’s just ridiculous. What’re you planning on doing for the rest of the weekend? Have you forgotten the party? The one where you’re Guest of Honour? Or the dinner tonight and then the press call on Monday? You’ll need several changes of clothing.’ She starts the engine but doesn’t drive off. She sighs with exasperation, ‘Where do you want me to drive to so you can go shopping,’ she demands. 
‘I was thinking that my next hero would be a lesbian woman. Now should I model her on you or Sally?’
Without hesitation Anastasia replies, ‘Sally, she’s so beautiful, petite and gorgeous. Everyone loves her. Whereas me I’m just a plain Jane by comparison.’
‘Plain Jane? Not in my eyes.’
‘Even when compared to Sally?’
‘When you stand next to Sally you both contrast so well. But you’re both stunning, in your own ways. Besides I couldn’t function without you. Now are we going to set off? Or were you planning on spending the weekend here?’
‘There’s no point driving off ‘till I know where you want to go shopping.’
‘What is it with you women and shopping? If you really want we can go shopping…’ he trails off while he appears to assess the interior of the car. Then he adds, ‘Don’t I pay you enough for a decent car? I’ll talk to my accountant and see what we can do. I really don’t like to be seen in anything less than a Porsche or Mercedes. It disappoints the fans if you’re seen to be too “of-the-people”, you know.’
Anastasia, long used to his vanities, ignores his comments and lets his words wash over her as she drives to the exit. Without repeating her offer, to stop so he can shop, she joins the main road. As she follows the signs, to the sea, she expects, at any moment, to be directed to a shopping arcade. It doesn’t happen so she keeps driving towards the coast and the Island home of Sir Cyril Fairburn-Smyth. For her the weekend stretches ahead long, boring and deadly dull. 
‘Will we be the last to arrive?’ she asks, once the traffic flow had lessened.
‘I would imagine so. The house party officially started yesterday. I believe all the other guests arrived on time.’
‘Will we be in trouble for not being there last night?’
‘I’m sure we will. But, as I’m the big American writer joining their small and insignificant publishing house, they’ll have to lump it. So don’t you put up with any lack of respect.’  
‘Or you’ll not sign the contract?’
‘I could threaten that.’
‘Until Monday –.’
Jim Dexter interrupts his PA and adds in a triumphant tone, ‘When the house party will culminate in the signing ceremony of the new contract between Jim Dexter and the innovative, but small, publishing house of Fairburn-Smyth.’
‘And will Mr Dexter still be wearing his, by then not quite pristine, trade mark black jeans, white shirt and checked jacket?’ Anastasia asks hoping to get an answer.
‘Don’t you worry ‘bout me. I had a change of clothes sent by courier to the Manor last week,’ he finally admits. 
‘How the hell did you manage that?’
‘You pay for it and you can have whatever it is that you want. Besides, as you well know, I hate to travel with luggage.’
‘Yes, it stops you from signing autographs.’
‘That’s not the main reason. Living out of a suitcase is bad enough. But I draw the line at having to lug the thing around. It ruins the line of a good suit. I prefer to travel light. And now I can afford to,’ he holds his hands out, ‘I do. Besides when you arrive at the Manor you’ll be shown to your room. And in there you’ll have to wait while an aged butler drags your luggage from the boat, manhandles it up the drive and then staggers, under its weight, to your room. You’ll feel as guilty as hell that such a frail and ancient man is struggling with your cases, when you, a young fit and agile woman could have easily carried them yourself. 
Anastasia tries to stop his ramblings; but Jim’s in full flow. He holds his hand up to silence her would-be interruption.
‘Not to mention the fact that you’d have carried them at greater speed. Then, this aged butler will hang around embarrassed in case you ask him to unpack your things. Oh the shame of it. Oh the embarrassment. There you are watching and thereby forcing him to finger your undergarments. Or, if you’re lucky you’ll be assigned the female servant to help you. Now she’s as equally aged, as the Butler, but at least she’s female. Or so I’m told that she once was. So she won’t mind handling your delicate undies and putting them away.’
‘But I don’t need anyone to do that for me,’ Anastasia announces.
‘Need doesn’t come into it my dear girl. And kindly don’t interrupt my creative genius,’ he says laughing.
‘I thought you said everyone else has already arrived.’
‘So the female servant’s all yours then,’ Jim adds with his exaggerated imitation European style flourish.
‘But I don’t need a servant to help me unpack.’
‘But, but, but, my dear, that is what ones has at Fairburn-Smyth Manor.’
‘Is that what this place’s called?’
‘No, but not for want of trying on Sir C’s part. Now, be quite while I continue my story about the luggage.’
‘Sorry,’ Anastasia laughs. She’s used to his lengthy and extended explanations. She tolerates them as part of the reality of working for a writer.
‘Once the aged servant has hung your clothes up for you then you can take your shower. However when you come out of the shower, all clean and in your party mood, you’ll realise too late that that little number that you were planning on wearing’s still creased from the journey. The dinner bell sounds and you realise it’s too late. Too late for you to do anything about it.’
‘I don’t see the problem?’
‘Don’t you? In with a creased frock? That’s you not making a good first impression. And there’s more! As there hasn’t been enough time for you to remove the creases you’ll spend the whole evening afraid that you’re not looking your best and therefore failing to get yourself noticed. Well that’s notices for the right reasons. Everyone there will have noticed your creased dress and be tut tutting about it over the canapés and cocktails.’
‘If it was that badly creased I’d put something else on.’
‘But you didn’t bring anything else, My Dear, did you? So, as it’s the only outfit you’ve brought you’ll have to change into it. So there’s you, in your creased little number and there’s I. I who’ll already be in the den sipping Sir C’s best malts.’
‘And how’s it different for you?’
‘Well you see, for all my vanities, when I arrive I’ll be shown to my room. And what do you think I’ll find there? I’ll tell you what I’ll find. I’ll find all my clothes have already been unpacked, hung up or neatly folded and put away in the cupboards and drawers so they’re ready for me to wear. If anything arrived too badly creased the staff will have ironed it before putting it away. So, I’ll shower, change and be slurping the malts while you’re still trying to finger iron the creases from your designer frocks. I trust you did bring your designer frocks? Nothing but a named designer will do in this gathering.’
‘Yes, I spent all the two grand you gave me on two very special little dresses.’
‘Not too little?’ he asks leisurely running his gaze over her long body.
‘You’ll love them. They’re so right for this occasion.’
‘I hope they don’t crease?’
‘I didn’t check. I didn’t think about that. Good thinking about the pre arrived clothes. I can see you’ve got the edge with that. But I have a trick or two of my own.’
‘And they are?’
‘How often have we travelled together?’
‘Five or six times a year when I’m researching a book.’
‘It’s you who researches them now, is it?’
‘Figure of speech. Besides that’s what I pay you for. So in a way I do. But as much as I like to talk about me, we were discussing travelling together. You were going to say?’
‘I was going to ask you if you’d ever seen me looking dishevelled.’
‘Too polite to mention it, My Dear.’ He looks away and then twists his body so he can meet her eyes in the rear view mirror. ‘You’re right. I don’t remember ever seeing you looking anything but freshly washed and scrubbed.’
‘After our first year together I realised I’d have to travel with clothing that could withstand the rigors of being thrust into bags at short notice. Clothes that respond well to hasty packing as we’re thrown out of hotel after hotel.’
‘That incident in Barcelona was not my -.’
‘Don’t you dare try and deny it! I’m used to you fooling around with married women; but to seduce the wife of the owner of the hotel we were staying in! Come on, Jim, no wonder we got thrown out. You know how the Spaniards value family life?’
As Anastasia talks Jim starts to smile. He turns away from her to hide the joy that suddenly floods his features.
‘Well are you going to try to deny it?’ she demands.
‘Would you believe -?’
‘That she seduced you? No! No I wouldn’t. A woman likes a challenge and you and sex don’t equal a challenge. Not in anybody’s language.’
Jim laughs. ‘Is that why we get on so well?’
‘I cannot say that I approve of what you do sometimes. And I’ve not hidden the fact that I find your writing stylised and predictable. But it’s a job and someone’s got to do it. I think that’s why we work well together. I’ve no illusions so I’m never disappointed by your behaviour. But I must admit it would be nice to complete a field trip without being dragged from my research to have to apologise to the hotels staff and then beg another hotel to take us in. That aspect of working for you, Mr Dexter, does get a little tiring.’
‘It’s a good job then that you have all those languages. But then again isn’t that what I pay you for?’
‘And I expected to be using them to research original documents in foreign fields. Instead I have to use them to explain why you can’t keep a hold on your trousers.’
‘I hope you put it more tactfully than that?’ he asks in a tone of mock hurt pride. ‘After all, when I pay for the linguist, I don’t expect -.’
‘The interpretations to be the oral equivalent of your behaviour? Perhaps you’d better employ a spin doctor or communications expert,’ Anastasia interrupts.
‘I thought you were.’
‘I do language. As spoken. Perhaps you’d better learn some for yourself.’
‘I have enough problems with English. I’ll stick with that. Besides, if I could converse myself, I’d not need you. In fact,’ abruptly changing the subject Jim drops a bombshell. ‘I’ve been thinking about killing Sefton off in his next book.’
‘What?’
‘All the great detective writers did it. So why shouldn’t I?’
‘But, Jim, you’re just about to change publisher. Isn’t there a contract about this sort of thing?’
‘I’ve done 15 novels with Sefton bloody Blake. To be honest I’m tired. And I think he is as well. Besides he’s served me well. And now he’s gone to T V he’s public property. So other people can write adventures for him. I think it’s time I let go.’
Jim Dexter and Anastasia Bennett drive on in silence as the momentous nature of his confession fills both their thoughts.
‘So, what will you do now?’ Anastasia asks her voice level as she successfully hides the rising panic she’s feeling. Without Sefton Blake she’ll have no job, no income and no security. She keeps her eyes focused on the road. She’s angry; earlier on he’d been intimating that she should buy a Porsche! If he did kill Sefton off then she’d be lucky to be able to afford to buy and run a bicycle. 
‘Seriously,’ he adds, as the home of Sir Cyril Fairburn-Smyth comes into view for the first time, ‘stop a moment will you.’
Anastasia pulls into the lay-by and brings the car to a sudden halt. She gazes at the Manor. The luxury home where she and Jim are to spend the weekend surrounded by professional acquaintances, media types, hangers-on, influential people in the publishing world and the occasional may-be friend. She inwardly shudders. She’s not looking forward to this weekend; especially now that she knows what Jim’s planning on doing. 
‘It’s stunning’ she says indicating the Manor. ‘Look how the sun catching the lake in the foreground heightens the blue against the green of the lawns.’
‘The perfectly manicured lawn that snuggles indolently between the deep blue lake and the grey turbulent sea; you mean,’ Jim adds with his famed writer’s attention to detail. ‘Heaving mightily just like the turbulent cleavage that Sefton is admiring,’ Jim adds in the style of his equally famed and numerous description of breasts of all shapes and sizes.
Anastasia rests her arms on the steering wheel, drops her head on top of them and sighs. ‘I’m, a little tired, I’ve been on the road since eleven thirty.’ She points to the Manner, ‘It is glorious. What actually does Sir Cyril do?’
‘He employs me. What else does he need to do?’
‘Not until you’ve both signed the contract.’
‘Within the next forty-eight hours,’ Jim notes.
‘So what, of this pad, does he own?’
‘The whole island.’
‘Actually from this distance I can’t tell what’s island and what’s mainland. Obviously I can see the front of the house and that stretch of water. But are the hills behind the house on the island or on the mainland?’
‘Hard to say. Can you see the West Wing?’ Jim asks.
‘Hard to miss if you mean that three-storied gable ended bit on the left. Yes I can see that. It’s so big I’d have to have my eyes closed not to.’
‘Okay, but don’t let Sir C hear you talk like that. It’s an original Georgian, grade one listed, country manor and he’s proud of it. Now, can you see a hill above that section?’ He looks at her and notices the slight incline of head. ‘That’s actually on the main land. Now over on the other side of the house, count your three windows of the West Wing, then count the five windows along, that’s the main house, and then the last three -.’
‘Why don’t you just tell me to count the three end windows on the right?’ Anastasia asks.
‘You’ve no romance, that’s your problem.’
‘No romance? Doesn’t a grade one listed building mean we’ll have no heating and no double glazing?’
‘Correct.’
‘Sod it! You mean I’m going to freeze in bed and out. I only brought little strappie numbers with me.’
‘Didn’t you bring your thermal underwear?’
‘Even if I did I couldn’t wear them underneath the dresses I’ve brought. I’m going to freeze, aren’t I?’
‘No. He’ll have roaring fires in all rooms. Including the bathrooms. Wait until you’ve soaked yourself in a tub with a log fire burning in your face,’ Jim informs her.
‘Not good for a shower then?’ 
‘Take my word for it don’t shower. Well not unless it’s high summer and broad daylight. But it has a charm all of its own. Or don’t you think so?’
‘It’s a gorgeous manor house, double fronted, deep sides and that gorgeous heavy oak door in the centre. And look at all those tall chimney stacks stuffed full of red chimney pots? And the whole front has that covered in guttering that’s so traditionally Georgian. It’s glorious and I’m slightly jealous that I’ll never be able to afford anything like that. Or anyone else, who inhibits the real world that I live in, afford anything like it. Am I bitter? Yes I am. This is too much for just one man. Why isn’t it an orphanage or a home for people who need care? Or better still a centre for asylum seekers. It must have over ten bedrooms.’
‘Eight guests and ten servant,’ Jim enlightens her without defending the wealth of his new employer.
‘Guest and servant bedrooms. See what I mean?’
‘Well that hill, behind the section where you’d put the refugees from social persecution in, well that’s still on the island,’ Jim advises.
‘Sorry. But you know me.’ 
‘And your views on the unfair distribution of wealth and assets, yes I do. And while I don’t agree I’m happy for you to hold your views. Only please. This weekend is important for us so try not to be too controversial. I know I don’t need to remind you that this new publisher needs to be wooed by both of us.’
Anastasia turns to face him. ‘But Jim, does this new publisher know you’re thinking of killing off Sefton Blake?’
‘No. You’re the only person I’ve spoken to about it. In fact I wasn’t even sure myself. So I had to say it aloud to someone. And I reckon you’re the only other person who’ll be directly affected by his demise.’
‘Was that effected or affected?’ she asks.
‘I think, with what I’ve got in mind, effected.’
‘So just how serious are you? And how would it affect this deal?’
‘They would drop me like a stone if it got out. It has to be a secret until after we’ve signed the contract.’
‘Can you not stay with …’ Anastasia trails off as she remembers the real reason why Jim Dexter, successful author and philanderer, had to part company with his current publishing house. ‘No of course not. Damn it, Jim.’ She slaps her hands on the wheel. ‘And all because you can’t keep your hands to yourself. When I meet men like you I’m so bloody glad I’m a lesbian.’ She turns the ignition key and feels his hand covering her left one as she tries to engage first gear.
‘Anster,’ he says softly taking her hand. ‘Anster …’ he allows his pet name for her to hang in the air and melt into her heart as the engine dies. 
‘That sounds like a Northerner pronouncing the name of a small rodent,’ she snaps.
‘If the cap fits? But I’m surprised at you talking in stereotypes. You’re always telling me off for that.’
‘It’s a shock. It’s going to make this weekend even more difficult for me.’
‘And I have another problem about this weekend,’ Jim tries to confess.
‘Shit, you’ve not screwed Sir C’s girlfriend as well?’
‘No,’ Jim replies slightly disappointed that his PA could think such a thing.
‘His daughter?’ Anastasia asks with rising desperation gripping her heart.
‘Have you met her? She’s a dragon and she hates the sight of me,’ Jim adds in a tone of mock horror.
‘And since when has that stopped you trying.’
‘Or succeeding,’ he laughs. ‘But not this time. I’ve learned my lesson and I’m not playing on my home turf any more. Well, not with this particular publisher. But you see my problem is that the friend I spent last night with is …’ He genuinely looks embarrassed. Without meeting her sensorial stare he continues, ‘I’m a single man, an American crime writer and as such I’ve no reputation to protect. But she’s a married woman and I’d hate for it to get out that …’ He stops talking and turns to face the Manor which is now illuminated with a shaft of pure sunlight. Then he turns his bright blue eyes onto Anastasia. ‘Do you know what I’m talking about?’
‘Bastard. That was her wasn’t it? The woman with the newspaper at the station. And there was you pretending you didn’t know her. You were giving her your autograph as if you were strangers. Whereas in reality you knew each other and in the Biblical sense.’
‘Did you recognise her?’
‘Nice games you play, Jim,’ she snaps before adding softly, ‘no. Should I?’ 
‘She’s not unknown. But it’s her husband who’s the really famous one.’
‘Jim, you know I won’t lie; even for you,’ she adds in the tone of voice that she always uses when his creative nature drives her to the very edge of her tolerance zone. ‘But as I’ve never gossiped about your private life, to other people, I don’t see any reason why I should start now.’
‘Good, I appreciate that. I really must see about getting you that pay rise. But this time if anyone asks, about how we got here, can we just say that we drove down together? That’s not a lie, is it? We’ll just say the minimum and they can fill in the gaps for themselves.’
‘Isn’t that what the murderer in one of your stories would say? The whole truth and nothing but the truth. Or are we just being economical with it for this weekend?’ Anastasia wickedly seeks clarity.
‘Perhaps but then again I only write them. I don’t actually do them.’ He throws a suggestive look towards Anastasia. A look that she knows and is weary of.
‘Jim, you’re asking me to keep two facts secret; the first fact is that you’re thinking about killing off your main character. The second fact is that you slept with a married woman last night. I think only the former will be of any interest to this group. After all don’t they all already know your reputation?’
‘I cannot say. And as for killing of Sefton? I will tell them when the time’s right.’
‘And when will that be?’
‘When I know what I’m going to put in his place.’
‘And -,’ she sighs. ‘And in fear of repeating myself, but then I’m not a writer, when will that be?’ Anastasia persists.
‘Why don’t we drive into town?’ he looks at his watch. ‘It’s not even three. We could have coffee in town and still arrive at the Manor in time for tea. There’s a little café on the quay. Actually, a coffee alone; just the two of us, would be very nice. We’ll get so little time together once the socialising starts. I think we should talk about my plans further. I’d hate you to be unsure about your own future and not able to talk to me about it until Monday night.’
‘Shall I drive? Or is it a walk?’ she asks before starting the car.
‘I think drive.’
‘Just tell me where I’m supposed to be going?’ she asks pulling out of the lay-by and heading towards the small mainland town.
‘Drive to the car park for the Island. We can call them from there to say we’ve arrived and arrange for them to pick us up in an hour or so. I do think we need to talk before we expose ourselves.’
‘I would like to know what my future is,’ Anastasia confirms.
‘So would I. Turn right here and keep going on. Head straight for the water. The car park’s on the left.’
‘What do you mean so would you?’ She parks the car next to a telephone and turns off the engine. She notices that the other five cars in the car park are all high performance vehicles.
‘I’ll call. Then you and I can talk over coffee. The café I have in mind is that mock Tudor building over there on the quay. Can you see it? It’s the one that’s all lit up?’
Anastasia gets out of the car and stretches her long legs. After she has smoothed her jeans she reaches into the back and removes a fleece. With a dancers grace she wraps the fleece around her shoulders. After picking her handbag up from underneath her seat she looks around for Jim; who terminates his call before walking towards her. 
‘You need anything from the car?’ she asks, the remote ready in her hand. He shakes his head and then starts to walk towards the main street. She activates the central locking device and quickly catches up with him. They walk in silence to the café; the crunch of their shoes on the gravel being the only sound on the cold air. 
As they arrive at the café, Jim opens the door and stands back to let Anastasia enter first. The misted windows and smell of freshly ground coffee takes her back to her childhood. She selects the window table as Jim joins the queue and places their order. He returns minutes later with two steaming mugs filled with a bitter tasting brew.
‘Ugh,’ she said softly after her first sip.
‘I didn’t say the stuff was any good,’ Jim whispers. ‘Only that it’s available. Now what have we come to discuss?’
Anastasia cups her fingers round the hot mug; just at that moment she feels the need for anything that will offer her a degree of warmth and comfort. Jim places his mug on the table and stares, unseeing, out of the heavily curtained windows. 
‘The future,’ she prompts, before trying another sip of her coffee. She pulls a face; familiarity doesn’t improve it at all. ‘Life for us after Sefton.’
‘Anster, when I first started out I thought I’d be writing great literature. I wanted to write the book that, in years to come, would be hailed as being the novel that defined our century. And what have I done? I’ve sold out. I’ve made a small fortune for myself and others. I write predictable and formulaic stories. What was it you said about my books? If I remember correctly you said my writing was “stylised and predictable” and I agree. Okay, so they sell and people like them. But people like getting drunk and screwing around. Do I need to add to -.’ he stops talking and throws her a look. ‘Okay, with the sex bit, I do. But now I want more. And you’re to blame.’
‘How?’
‘When I started looking for an assistant I told my agent I was going to do my serious novel. Everyone laughed and said I’d end up with a leggy blonde who’d not be able to spell, read or edit anything ‘cept my Jock Strap. In my heart of hearts, if I’m going to be honest with myself, that was what I was hoping for. That way I’d not have to face having to prove if I could write a serious novel or not. Then you came along. It was obvious from the start; if I really wanted write serious literature you were what I was looking for. What I needed. Because without your help, I’d better stick to Sefton soding Blake, and have his name carved on my tomb stone. It’s not that I’m ungrateful. I appreciate all that my crime stories have done for me. But I feel I need to move on or I’ll have my creativity crushed by him. So I’m at a crossroads. And I do actually think that, as I’m changing publisher, now is as good a time as any for me to try something new. Besides, as I said in the car, now he’s gone to TV other people will write stories for him. Seriously, Anster, what do you think?’
‘I can see the logic. But what will Fairburn-Smyth think about it? They think they’ve signed the author of Sefton Blake. Surely they’re not going to want to take an established author and not milk the golden cow?’
‘I know it’s going to be a bit tricky.’
‘How will this affect your five book deal?’
‘I’m not giving up writing. Only writing about Sefton Blake. I’ll give them their five books,’ Jim declares.
‘I’m not so sure they’ll want five books without Sefton.’
‘Anaster, I know I’m more than Sefton Blake.’
‘I know that, lots of married men know that as well. But to your publisher and reading public you are, sorry but you are, Sefton Blake. How are you going to persuade them otherwise?’
‘I don’t intend to tell them. We sign the contract this weekend and then in five weeks’ time I’ll send them the last Sefton Blake novel. Two years after that I’ll hand them my opus magus and then every three years, over the next six to eight they get another book from me. That’s five books over eight years as per my contract.’
‘On what, in particular?’
‘My first,’ Jim leans across the table and lowers his voice. ‘Do you remember, at your interview, me telling you that I’ve a real life mystery to solve?’
‘Yes, but you haven’t said anything about it since I started working for you.’
‘Well perhaps now’s the time to tell you.’
‘Go on. What can be more exciting than Sefton Blake?’
‘Actually Oscar Wilde.’
‘Sorry, did I hear correctly? Oscar Wilde the playwright, the gay icon? You actually want to write about him?’
‘I’ve always been fascinated by him. And why he actually did it? And his plays and that line – “Each man kills the thing he loves”. There’s so much to Wilde we don’t know. And I want to find it out.’
‘Actually …’ she says hesitantly, ‘… that could have something. It gives you a mystery story with a historical twist. People like that. Perhaps you could do a series. A historical sleuth, as the main character, seeks out unknown aspects of famous people’s lives. I bags I go to Vienna to research Beethoven.’
‘But this wouldn’t be a series. I’m thinking more of it as a one off.’
‘Okay. I agree that Wilde’s got something. So you want to prove that the man who was hung, while Wilde was in Reading Jail, was actually innocent? Is that it? A fictional account that could just have happened?’
‘Not fiction, Anster. I want to uncover the true story. Get you to do some real research using your ancient language skills.’ 
‘Ancient language? We’re talking Wilde. He didn’t exactly speak ancient English.’
‘No, but Court papers are written in a form of English that I can’t make head or tail of. But with your language skills, my knowledge of the crime market, not to mention my creative turn of phrase, I think it’ll make very interesting reading,’ Jim explains.
‘And with all these historic-docu-drams, perhaps we’d get the Beeb interested?’
‘That’s not the market I’m aiming for. I was hoping to appeal to more of an academic audience.’
‘Perhaps, but what you’ve described is not really a gripper. Even as a gay icon he’s not that popular.’
‘Then why is he a gay icon?’
‘Because he was sentences to two years hard labour because he was gay.’
‘But he wasn’t,’ Jim announces sure of his facts.
‘Yes he was. Didn’t you know he was gay?’
‘Of course I did. You know this annoys me so much. You people do it all the time.’
‘What do you mean “You People”?’ Anastasia demands her voice no longer a hushed whisper.
‘You distort history without even knowing the facts.’ Jim snaps. Then is a controlled and even voice her explains, ‘Look at Henry the Eighth and how no one remembers what he did for England before he started chopping his wives heads off. You all invent character with scant regard to the actually historic accuracy of your invention. It so annoys me.’
‘Sorry, I can tell you’re riled,’ she adds returning to her normal vocal tone and pitch.
‘I majored in history. I’m passionate about getting the facts and the details right. As are you. That’s why I employed you,’ Jim pleads.
‘I guess that’s why you make a great crime writer. But everyone knows Wilde was gay and he went to jail for it. I don’t see how that’s changing history.’
‘I don’t deny that he was gay. But he was sentenced to hard labour for Contempt of Court; not for being gay. You’re not going to like this; and I’m not going to say it well. But it’s a subject that’s dear to my heart. So forgive me no matter how clumsily I put it. The Court weren’t interested in his sexuality. They jailed him for contempt because he lied under oath. There was no interest in his sexuality.’  
‘That’s -.’Anastasia starts but is interrupted.
‘True. When we get back you can read the transcript of the Court report. Using your skills we can start to piece together why he took the case to Court in the first place.’
‘He took the case to court?’ Anastasia asks without keeping the note of incredulity out of her voice.
‘Yes. It was Wilde who brought the case. What interests me is why? Why did he do it when he knew he was gay? Lord D knew he was gay. His son certainly knew Wilde was gay. As did most of society and most definitely the Court knew he was gay. So why did Wilde do it? Why did he take Lord D to Court and try to deny something that was actually common knowledge? That’s what I don’t understand. And that’s what I’d like us to research. The Court papers give an account of the trial but they don’t get behind his motives. And that’s what I want my book to do. Get behind the man and what motivated him. Was it, as I suspect, pure arrogance? Or was it foolishness or, as some of his friends at the time claimed, that he actually was temporarily insane because his young lover had just left him. It’s a subject that has fascinated since I first read him at university. And I’d like us to unravel the mystery and answer the questions that have been troubling me for years.’
‘And if no one else is interested in buying the book?’ Anastasia asks slightly afraid of hearing the answer.
‘I don’t care. I want to do this. And with your help I will. What do you say?’
‘I can tell you’re fired with enthusiasm. I’d need to read the papers before I’m prepared to comment. Besides as you pay me to research that’s what I’ll do. I still think it’ll be a very selective market. And by selective I mean low numbers. It would never make the million-seller list that you’re used to with Sefton. Or be financially viable for the publishers! Jim, what are they going to say?’
‘They won’t know until after they’ve signed me. And then it’s up to them to publish what I write or leave it gathering dust in a draw in Sir C’s office. Either way my biography will prove that I did it. And that’s the other piece of work I was going to talk to you about. I’d like you to start compiling my biography.’ 
His dream confessed Jim stands up and lowers the café curtain while Anastasia, who is still deep in thought, reflects on what he’s just said. 
‘I think the boats on its way for us.’ Jim watches as a small rowing boat makes slow progress across the river. ‘It looks like Baxter. I don’t see why but they appear to have sent him in a rowing boat. I wonder what’s happened to the motor launch they normally use?’
‘Perhaps, it’s in use. The car park was fairly full and if any of the other guests have just arrived,’ Anastasia suggests.
‘I told you, they all arrived last night.’
‘Could they have taken a trip in it?’
‘That’s possible. But then why not ask us to wait until it’s free. Besides, Sir C has two of the things. It’s odd. Still I’m sure we’ll find out why; once we’re safely there. Come on. And remember; not a word of this to anyone until the contract’s signed.’

