IT LOOKS LIKE RAIN
Ivaylo Gogov
Copyright 2021 Ивайло Гогов
Smashwords Edition

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Contents
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Chapter 32
Chapter 33
Chapter 34
Chapter 35
Chapter 36
Chapter 37
Chapter 38
Chapter 39
Chapter 40
Chapter 41
Chapter 42
Chapter 43
Chapter 44
Acknowledgments 


1.
My name is Emil. I’m forty-one and my life is a wreck. And by “wreck” I don’t mean someone-scratched-the-door-of-my-beat-up-Volkswagen kind of wrecked. Oh, no. 
What I wouldn’t give to actually own a beat-up Volkswagen, scratched door or not! Slashed tires, cracked window, smashed tail lights, whatever. What I wouldn’t give… 
Oh, who am I kidding? It’s all the same to me at this point. I just don’t care. That’s the bad thing about your life being a wreck. I don’t give twopence, about anything. Not that I have that much money to give. But even if I did, I wouldn’t.   
I used to know a certain type of people in a previous life. People who would have a meltdown over torn tights or a missing button. Over a missed bus, a cancelled reservation or a misspelled word. They would say all the time how their lives had been wrecked, that is where I first heard the expression. They would be very vocal in their suffering and pop pills by the handful. 
Boy, do I have a lot to tell those people about despair and feeling completely lost and hopeless. My story alone would make them reach for the pills. I don’t imagine I’ll ever go to the trouble of enlightening them, though. I don’t care. I don’t give a fig.  
I keep to myself and try to live a quiet life, not get on anyone’s radar. I’m not looking for trouble, I stay on the sidelines and pretend to be deaf and blind to the world around me. I barely speak even when I’m asked a question. I don’t take sides in arguments even when I know I’m right. I don’t get involved with shady characters even if my wrecked life depends on it. Unfortunately, my life being at the mercy of shady characters is a situation I find myself in with increasing frequency.  
“Are you looking for work?”
If you’ve never slept in the waiting room of a small-town railway station, you have no idea how cozy those places can be. The signature long, wide wooden benches lined up along the walls are comfortable enough to sleep on even without a sleeping bag. Especially if you’ve only managed to doze off for a bit here and there for three days straight. Sometimes those waiting rooms look like winter gardens. Sprinkled all around the benches, lemon trees, rubber fig and hibiscus plants strain toward the ceiling from unkempt large flowerpots. The ceilings of most such stations are in desperate need of repair, with chunks of the plaster constantly threatening to drop on your head in your sleep. Falling asleep in the first place is not that easy in the aforementioned small oases. Without fail, some luminescent lamp would incessantly buzz and flicker overhead. My own experience is that no matter how I toss and turn, the light either does its Morse code dance directly in my face or stays a nuisance by getting reflected in the windows, as the station wall looking out onto the platform is always entirely made of glass. The rest of the walls are covered in panels that have been painted countless times with colors ranging from green all the way to brown. The paneling often sports Bulgarian Railways posters showing decently attractive female ticket collectors in full uniform. I have no idea where they find these girls; I’ve never seen anyone like them on a train. I like to look at them as I slowly drift into sleep, though.          
These places can be warm too. Some small-town stations still have one of those wood-burning stoves that the railway workers would stoke, sending the pungent smell of a welcoming forest cabin rolling in waves through the waiting room. 
I’m usually the only guest. It’s rare that other late-night travelers, hapless tourists or slothful drifters would be around too. Life has taught me to be wary of idle talk and unwanted company. 
Still, it’s nice to chat with someone every once in a while. 
Unfortunately, there’s always some wired guy with no intention of sleeping. The dust crunches under the hard soles of his shoes as he paces the concrete floor of the empty waiting room. I don’t know about you, but the sound of crunching grit under the shoes of some wired guy is enough to send me off the rails. Rails, get it? Especially at some small-town station before daybreak.   
“Are you looking for work?”
I wasn’t in a rush to open my eyes. I tried to picture the person attached to the voice. It was a male voice, low and slightly rough, quiet and even, with hints of carefully suppressed local twang. It betrayed a person of strong will, used to achieving his goals. Someone who fought small-town prejudices on a daily basis, but lacked the courage to leave the place. Instead, he poured his energy into proving to any outsider that small-town life was all worth it. In other words, a pinhead. Exactly the sort of guy I hated to get involved with. Even if my wrecked life depended on it. 
“I’m talking to you, buddy.”
A strong hand grabbed and shook my shoulder vigorously. I counted to seven and turned to face the guy. A short, bald man dressed in navy blue overalls covered in greasy stains was standing in front of me. One hand was clutching a small hammer with an abnormally long handle and the other was casually holding a cigarette. He studied me with curiosity as he pulled on his cigarette. He felt right at home.  
I sat up on the bench and lowered my feet to the ground. The bottoms of my shoes also made a crunching sound. Small-station managers can’t afford a cleaning lady so dusting duties are usually left to draughts.
Our eyes met and the man backed off a little, tightening his grip on the hammer handle. 
“You’re not a local.”
I felt a burst of laughter bubbling up. I had traveled the country dozens of times. I was born in Sofia, had lived at one point or another in Varna, Rousse, Plovdiv, etc. Night had greeted me in small towns and big cities. I had woken up in villages whose names I couldn’t even recall. I had been to nameless shanty towns. There was no place in Bulgaria where I would be considered a local, though. 
Talking to the locals always puts me at a disadvantage. Meaning, most of the time I have no idea what they’re talking about. I have a golden rule, though – don’t be in a rush to respond and they’ll eventually make sense. They’re dying to spill their guts to any poor idiot willing to listen to them. Well, being a listener happens to be my forte. 
“Seeing as you have no baggage, I figure you can’t be a tourist or something,” the railway worker said as he stubbed out his cigarette butt on the nearby flowerpot, then wiped his fingers on his jacket. “I reckon you’ve come here to look for a job.” 
Sherlock Holmes, I tell you. I wouldn’t be surprised if he guessed which high school I went to. I kept on looking at him blankly. The slowly retreating darkness outside was pierced by the sound of birds chirping. Daybreak didn’t feel like a particularly inviting time for confessions. I needed a nice hot coffee first. As I looked around the waiting room, it didn’t seem my first coffee for the day was going to be anything close to nice. And that was assuming some local had even dared to open a café or a shop around here.  
“You’re early. People usually come on Sundays.” 
The past week had been a whirlwind for me so it took me a minute to remember, but I was pretty sure it was Wednesday morning. Depending on how you chose to look at it, you could also say I was late. Not that I was in the mood for metaphysical discussions. The idea of coffee was starting to take up huge real estate in my mind.
“Looking at your hands, you must be a turner or something,” Sherlock forged ahead with his deductive reasoning. He was starting to get on my nerves so I decided to get him off my back.
“I’m a journalist.”
His eyes grew bigger, then narrowed to slits. 
“A journalist, you say? A newspaper one?” 
“No, a TV one.”
His now fearful eyes scanned me from head to toe, as if he’d seen a ghost, and he took a step back.
“Where’s your camera then?”
“Hidden,” I said with a cocky wink. “Haven’t you heard of candid camera?”
The railway worker took another step back. Then another one, followed by another one. He backed out of the waiting room the same way he had come – quickly and to the soundtrack of dust crunching under his shoes. Silence settled over the room. 
Small railway stations still have drinking fountains. Those at the larger ones are either out of order or completely destroyed. I had heard theories that was intentional, to make people buy bottled water and drinks sold at kiosks. It wouldn’t surprise me if that turned out to be true. Entrepreneurship in Bulgaria is always rooted in some scam.   
I got up from the bench and stretched. My body was stiff from lying on the hardwood for so long. I pushed the heavy door open, walked out onto the station platform and immediately shivered from the cold that met me. The songbirds were still chirping like crazy. I closed my eyes and took a deep breath. My lungs filled with the aroma of fruit-tree blossoms and damp soil with a hint of manure. I could swear I heard the distant sounds of sheep bleating and bells clunking. For a moment there, I was transported back to the halcyon days of my childhood summer vacations and I felt young again, light and carefree. Then the magical moment melted away like spring snow, chased away by the creaking of cold railway tracks on oil- and tar-soaked wooden crossties. 
I opened my eyes and looked around. To the left of the waiting room, a small rose garden was outlined by curbstones painted black and white. The garden gave way to trees with whitewashed trunks and fluffy blossoming crowns. The sound of running water was coming from under the trees. I felt for the toothbrush in the inside pocket of my denim jacket and headed over there. Washing your teeth with icy water from small-station fountains isn’t much of a treat. 
My head went numb all over from the cold. The wave of pain slowly wore off, leaving me unmistakably wide awake. I splashed some water on my face and finger-combed my hair as best as I could. I couldn’t even remember the last time I had used a shampoo. Maybe the previous Tuesday. Or maybe it was a previous life.
Unlike the sky slowly clearing to the east, my prospects weren’t looking any brighter. Especially on the money side of things. My fortune consisted of one bill of five and two coins that added up to a buck, all tucked in the pocket of my threadbare jeans. I wouldn’t call myself frugal, but I don’t like to spend money on nonsense either. Train tickets are among the exceptions. Trying to save on tickets wasn’t why I got forced off the train at this small station last night. The fact that I punched the drunken ticket collector in the face might have had something to do with it, though. 
I didn’t give twopence about the drunken ticket collector. But, damn, I could have at least gotten stranded at a bit busier place. Somewhere one could find an open coffee place at the crack of dawn. Crackers would be welcome too. Right on cue, my empty stomach rumbled in protest. 
Correction, that sound hadn’t come from my stomach. 
A car stopped somewhere nearby. Probably at the tattered parking lot outside the station. The tires screeched to a halt and the sound of three car doors getting slammed shut in quick succession echoed loudly in the crisp morning air. The engine kept on burbling. 
Whenever I hear footsteps rushing closer, a feeling of dread washes over me. I’m not a fatalistic person, but my small-station encounters with hurrying strangers somehow always ended up in a scuffle. The outcome was rarely in my favor too. I had had this happen to me so many times that now I felt more disappointment than anxiety. More specifically, I was already mourning my beige sweater. I had gotten it just two weeks earlier and now it was about to get splattered with my blood. I could already fast forward to the result – blood gushing from my nose despite me having put up a good fight. I heaved a sigh and mentally braced for what was to come. I was clenching and unclenching my fists, ready to meet the unwelcomed newcomers. The moment they came into view, it became clear any resistance was pointless. 
There were three of them – tall, broad-shouldered and grumpy. They stopped five or six paces away from me and looked me over. 
“Are you the journalist guy?”
The journalist guy?! 
Ahh. 
So that was the deal. 
The railway worker had called the bad guys. 
A piece of advice – don’t be a smart guy at small stations. There’s too high a concentration of little souls and insecure assholes at these places to risk it. My optimism quickly evaporated as I realized the kind of company I had found myself in. Each of the three guys before me looked bigger than the next and their IQ couldn’t have been more than a hundred. Combined, I mean. 
“You, come here.”
I have a strategy for dealing with insecure types – pretend they’re talking to someone else. Its real-life application had yielded mixed results, though. More often than not, I would find myself in some nasty place, forced to do ridiculous stuff against my will. 
The way the three giants grabbed and searched me suggested I was about to wind up in the trunk of the black SUV parked outside the station. Instead, they stuffed me in the middle of the backseat. Likely because the SUV turned out to be missing a trunk. The space had been cleared out to fit another row of seats, I would assume for tax credit purposes.   
If you’ve never ridden in a G-Class Mercedes, you wouldn’t get the logic behind such a modification. This particular SUV model tends to look massive on the outside, but it feels awfully cramped on the inside. Especially when you’re sandwiched between two mute thugs watching your every move. 
The journalist guy. 
No one likes journalists. Even I dislike them and I pass for pretty open-minded. They constantly poke their noses where they shouldn’t and unearth things the world at large cannot handle. 
What had gotten into me to pose as a journalist? It was one of the most universally despised professions. I would have been better telling that railway worker I was a reclusive botany professor seeking to restock my buttercup herbarium. Or a yoga instructor – here’s a group that bothers no one. 
But what did it matter now? Plus, I don’t give a fig, remember?      
My sense of dread quickly subsided. After all, this wasn’t my first run-in with unfriendly beefy types. It was my experience that if you survive the first twelve seconds, you’re good for the next twelve hours too. I had nothing to complain about – I was warm and dry, riding in a luxury car, surrounded by thugs. Some people dream of such a living standard their whole lives.          
2. 
The SUV windows were tinted. That is a common sight in the big city – it affords some level of privacy and anonymity. In small towns, though, tinted windows are plain ridiculous – the locals already know who is riding in that SUV, where he’s going, what he’s about to do, almost before the plan has been formulated in that person’s head. Tinted windows are a flex, though, no doubt. 
The SUV moved slowly, even though there was no sign of potholes to navigate. The driver seemed a cautious type, plus the G-Class is not exactly a soft ride to begin with. Rows of houses with exposed brick walls paraded past the windows. Any town sign that we might have passed must have been camouflaged by overgrowth because I didn’t notice one. Most of the house yards on the side of the road were overgrown too. Weeds were also dotting the town square, underscoring an air of long-lost prosperity. A four-story building resembling a ship towered over out-of-order fountains and a concrete pedestal with reinforcement steel bars sticking out of it in place of a bust. There were signs that sometime in the past its façade had been covered in limestone tiles. Tattered flags were swaying atop rusty stands, letting passersby know they were in a European Union country.  
Several women were standing in a cluster outside a storefront. At first, I assumed they were queuing to buy coffee, pastry or newspapers, but there lights inside weren’t on and the windowpane was dirty and cracked. I finally noticed that the women were holding brooms and shovels, they were street sweepers. So, no coffee. My day might have gotten off to a weird start, but it was just another mundane workday for the locals. 
Bicycles seemed to be the main mode of transport. We overtook at least two dozen early-bird cyclists, all of them in workwear. They were going in the same direction as us. Small towns usually offer no more than two major sources of employment – the Bulgarian State Railways and some factory, plant or workshop. The railways were far behind us so there had to be a factory, or whatever enterprise was feeding this town, somewhere ahead. It could be a dairy farm, for all I knew. I had the feeling I was about to find out. 
No such luck. The SUV took a turn onto a smaller street and came to a stop. The bulky fellas pulled me out of the car unceremoniously and ushered me into a gray building with sheet-metal roof. Well, not so much ushered as dragged. Inside was a single room – spacious and bare, except for a plastic chair by the door. I was promptly seated into that chair and advised via very descriptive gestures not to try anything reckless. Confident that their message had gotten through, the three men filed out of the room. Over the twenty or so minutes of our acquaintance they hadn’t said more than a handful of words. I figured that was the extent of their vocabulary. But before locking the door, the last of the thugs turned to me with a malicious smile: 
“Welcome to the press conference hall.”
I’d had a stint as a tabloid reporter in my youth. It was good money, but the job was mostly night shifts and the people you had to deal with were not exactly the crème of the crop, if you know what I mean. Back then, press conference halls were dingy, cold and inhospitable. But at least there was plenty of coffee. 
I got up and scanned the room. Concrete floor, concrete walls, concrete ceiling – in other words, a bunker. There was no trace of windows or doors, besides the one I had come through. I tried the door handle, even though I knew it was pointless. The fellas had done their job diligently. 
What little flickering light there was in the room came from three lamps mounted on the high ceiling. If only I had something to break them with, darkness would give me an element of surprise when the beefy fellas came back. It was more than clear that they would be coming back and all I had to throw at the lamps were the two coins in my pocket. 
So much for an element of surprise.  
I could play possum or scream for help. 
Actually, the only real option was to wait. And wait patiently. If the boss of those swole guys knew his stuff, he would let me simmer in my own anxiety for hours. I sat back down and entertained myself with a mental exercise for the next half hour – I started counting down from a thousand deducting the number three at every step. Have you tried it? It’s really fun.
I was just getting down to double-digit numbers when the door squeaked open. My three new acquaintances spilled into the room, bringing a stranger along with them. 
What a sight he was! 
As kids, we used to play this game where you walked around with these thin aluminum pipes that fired sharp-pointed paper cones if you blew at one end. As with any war, success in that game depended on the quality of ammunitions. The best materials for paper cones were the pages of glossy magazines, which were in short supply at the time. My mother moved mountains to get one of those on the regular. It was called Women Today. The middle pages were dedicated to something like a fashion catalogue featuring suits, dresses and coats. The male model in those pictures was always this cool, really clean-looking guy surrounded by an array of attractive young women. Man, what paper cones these fashion pages made! 
I still remembered the appearance of that guy – tall, lean, with a bronze tan. His beard was closely shaven, he never smiled, his eyes were a piercing blue and his hair was styled in an arrogant, extravagant side part. He was always impeccably dressed in expensive attire and some photos even showed him lighting a cigarette with a golden lighter. 
Of course, that was a long time ago, in another life. That model had to be well over seventy now. And yet, in the half-light of the concrete bunker, I could swear he was standing before me. 
The man looked me over with a bored expression, pulled out a cigarette from a golden cigarette box and lit it with a golden lighter. You’ve got to be kidding me! He blew out a stream of smoke and bit his lip, as if wondering where to start. 
“Are you taking notes or committing this to memory?”
I didn’t see the need to respond. Maybe if he said some wise words I’d never heard, I would put them down on paper. In the meantime, I planned to stare at him. He had to be a smart man because he got my silent message. He nodded, puffing out a cloud of smoke. 
“Tell your employer our arrangement has run its course. No more obligations left. No more payments. He’s not getting another dime from me. So he better stop sending me messengers.” 
He was speaking quietly, using short, curt sentences, never taking his piercing blue eyes, the same I remembered form the magazine, off of me. 
“Or else?” I inquired.  
Cover Boy’s eyebrows inched up. People like him don’t like listening to anything but their own voice. 
“Excuse me?”
“Or else?” I repeated. 
“Or else what?”
Sometimes I feel like the only shmuck who has bothered to learn their lines in a play production. 
“I’m not going along with this.”
“With what?”
“Your goons brought me here by force so I can listen to your intimidation spiel. Forget about it. This thing is over.”
The man shook his head as if trying to chase away an annoying fly. His side part quivered indignantly over his forehead. 
“Excuse me?”
“I don’t want to listen to you anymore.”
It was in that moment that the bunker owner truly took an interest in me. His lips finally stretched into a smile, one that his magazine doppelganger had never shown on those hundreds of glossy pages.  
“Oh yeah, what do you want then?” he asked.
“Coffee.”
“Coffee?”
“Yes, Lavazza. No milk, one spoon of sugar.”
Cover Boy dropped his cigarette butt on the floor, crushed it under his foot and signaled to the thugs. 
In ten seconds I was lying all knotted up on the cold concrete floor. I was drooling a mixture of spit and blood and I could barely breathe. Those boys knew how to hit. They didn’t even break a sweat. 
“Now… may I continue?”
To my ears, his voice sounded like the rumbling of pebbles in a tin pipe. I raised my head, but my eyes had filled with sticky mist so I could barely make out the tall silhouette of Handsome. It was still enough for me to lift a hand with a middle finger distinctly sticking out. 
The second wave of punches was swift and surgical. Now even breathing was taken off the menu, replaced by wheezing. 
Any further act of defiance could cost me too much. I was mostly mad at myself. I shouldn’t have talked to the railway worker with the squeaky shoes in the first place. Maybe it was time to explain that I wasn’t who they thought I was. Or maybe the time for explanations was long gone. Maybe I didn’t give a fig. 
Cover Boy droned on.
“You’re the last messenger. No more. No more communication either. The case is closed. You got me? Good. Now, you’re going to leave this town and never come back.”
Was I supposed to pop back up and dash for the door? No, I was probably supposed to sit quietly while they stuffed me back into the SUV. The young bucks got down to work immediately. Cover Boy definitely sounded like he was smiling as we walked past him, his voice softer.
“This is your lucky day. I’m not always that magnanimous.”
I couldn’t muster up the energy to thank him, so I just let myself be dragged out like a ragdoll. 
It turned out that the SUV had a trunk after all – big enough to hold a laptop or a file. Two at the most. The beefy fellas somehow managed to shove me behind the seats. I had no choice but to suffer through a bumpy ride. They were going to take me back to the station, leave me in the hands of the railway worker and bounce. As if nothing had happened. 
This time the driver gunned the car and we got there in no more than two minutes. None of the thugs said a word during the short ride, but their silence sounded kind of grumpy to me. They were probably mad about getting an assignment at an ungodly early hour because of me… On the other hand, I doubted they could even sleep normally, what with all the steroids they had to be popping.         
The SUV shuddered, snatching me out of my dazed reflection. At first, it seemed like a flat tire, then I thought we had run out of fuel. Finally, I realized we had stopped to say our goodbyes. Four strong hands yanked me out of the trunk, sat me down on the ground and propped me against a piece of hard surface. One of the bruisers grumbled something unintelligible and the other slapped me upside the head. The car doors slammed shut, the engine roared and the wheels spun in place, showering my face with gravel and dust. The SUV drove away, leaving me in complete silence. 
Well, that was the end of that. One more day of my precious life wasted. 
Lesson learned. Next time I would think twice before chewing the fat with the locals. Especially the first stranger that crossed my path. 
I proceeded to do damage assessment. My face was a bit puffy and the inside of my mouth tasted of iron… My hard tissue was softened in places, my soft tissue was lumpy in others… and I still hadn’t had coffee. I knew to count my blessings, though. I wasn’t missing any body parts and all the stuff I kept in my pockets were still there. Even my sweater was somewhat clean, as far as I could tell. It wasn’t half bad for early April.
3.
I’m not a man of long-term plans. If anything, I try to go through my days without trouble, have a good night of sleep on a full stomach in a comfortable bed and wake up in a cheerful mood in the morning. It sounds great, but it’s easier said than done. I had gone to bed hungry, woken up with my hands and feet tied up, spent days on end in shitholes. I had robbed and been robbed, I had assaulted and been assaulted, I had spent time in prison, I had fired a gun and gotten shot, I had saved human lives, I had run to save my life… and wasn’t proud of any of it. 
I only take pride in getting through the day without trouble, going to bed on a full stomach somewhere comfy and waking up in a cheerful mood the next morning. Keep your expectations low and you’ll avoid massive disappointments.  
All I wanted at that moment was to get away from that strange town, preferably without assistance, and never come back, as the blue-eyed mister suggested. 
If I were in any condition to walk, I would probably just get up and do it. Five kilometers  an hour, forty kilometers a day. I had done it before. Once I get into a good rhythm, I can cover some distance – in this case, all the way north to Rousse where I had been headed last night. Actually, it was imperative that I got to Rousse, forget how long it would take.
I had no idea if I walking a long time was even an option in my state, not to mention the fact my shoes were nearing their sad end. I wasn’t dying to have that happen to me somewhere between Povertville and South Nowhere. I had to get to civilization ASAP, earn a day or two worth of wages and get some money for new shoes. Also, I was in dire need of a shower and a change of underwear and socks. That would require money too. 
For starters, I had to get up. I traced my palms along the hard surface I was propped against. It was a smooth metal pipe. There was another one a meter  away. The two were stuck into the ground, supporting a big piece of sheet metal. I grabbed onto the pipes and strained to lever myself up. My head rolled a bit and my knees buckled. I looked up at the sheet-metal rectangle. An experienced drifter like me knows a town sign when he sees one. I couldn’t see the name because I was peering up at the back of the sign. One thing I knew – there would be a red line slashing diagonally across the name. 
It had long dawned on me that the number of towns I was glad to visit was dwindling, unlike the number of places I was relieved to leave behind. 
I tried to be positive. I was getting out of this nameless town without hard feelings. I had gotten myself in a pickle for trying to be smart. Wasn’t the first time. At least I had gotten away from the local thugs relatively quickly and easily. Granted, I was in no condition to walk, but I could at least hitchhike, hope for a good soul to come by. Even after all those years on the road, I still believe that there are decent people everywhere. 
My good Samaritan showed up just as I was starting to get desperate. I heard him before I saw him – the car rattled along as if ready to fall apart at any moment. It was slowly weaving and bobbing from the direction of the town. The clearly inept driver was struggling mightily – either because he was inexperienced or because the vehicle was particularly willful. 
At first glance, I mistook him for a woman. He was a lean, young man with long hair slicked back. His features were so delicate that he looked more like an eight-grader who had secretly started shaving, maybe even smoking. Unlike all the other locals I’d met, this one had a different fashion sense. He was dressed like a 20th-century intellectual – white turtleneck shirt and brown suede suit jacket. They were probably hand-me-downs from his grandfather. And that clunker of a car was probably originally his great-great-grandfather’s.   
The young man took two steps toward me, halted and looked me over. He was downright staring as if he had never seen a stranger ever before in his life. He must have decided I wasn’t a threat because he finally left his car in the middle of the road and crouched down next to me. 
“Are you OK?”
Have you noticed how often people around you ask dumb questions? Have you noticed that your answers are even dumber more often than not? 
“I’m fine.”
“What happened to you?”
“Can you get me to the nearest city?”
The young man threw a glance first at the road and then at the sky. As if he expected his pumpkin car to turn into a carriage. 
“Can you walk?”
I shook my head and regretted that move immediately – my headache returned with a vengeance. 
“Hold on.”
He tried to haul me up, but he was too weak and I was too limp. I waved for him to leave me alone. I had next to no strength left. I leaned back and took a deep breath. My mind desperately searched for something positive to cling to. But I could only think of a minor consolation – I was already lying in the grass so there was no way I could crumble in a faint. I smiled weakly at the thought and felt the light around me dimming. Soon everything plunged into darkness.
4. 
In my not-so-bold fantasies I often wake up in a cane-reed bar by the sea. The beach is a blanket of cool, fine sand tickled by eager morning light. My eyes flicker open at the gentle touch of a strange girl. Her smiling face is sprinkled with freckles, her copper curls are framed by the piercing-white rays of sunrise, damp grains of sand are stuck to her bare feet. Lighter than the wind, her faded dress is slipping off her shoulders, a string of seashells is brushing against her breasts. Rich aroma of coffee is emanating from the fine porcelain cup in her hands. It is strong and thick enough to overpower even the smell of seaweed drying out on the beach and the salty spray of the persistent surf. Someone out into the sea is playing on a guitar, the trilling sounds skipping along the glittering waves like pebbles. The girl extends a hand toward me and that is the exact moment I usually mess up – instead of taking the coffee cup, I go to caress her face. It happens every time. My fantasy goes up in smoke in that instant – the morning painted in golden hues, the beach, the girl, it all disappears and I’m back to my distasteful reality, which most of the time is also quite messed up. 
“Take off your pants, dear.” 
Wow.
I’m not a guy to drop his pants on command. Even when the order is delivered by a nice female voice. Yet my gentlemanly nature compelled me to offer a kind word in response. Unfortunately, my throat refused to comply. It was drier than a dusty concrete floor. 
I opened my eyes and quickly closed them again. Everything around me was painfully white – the ceiling, the walls, the bedsheets, the nurse’s coat and… that thing on her head that is part of nurse uniforms. It hit me that I had never seen a nurse actually wearing one of those things, except in porn films. So I was either dealing with a woman who was totally by-the-book or at a wild party. I smiled and gingerly cracked open my eyes again to see which one it was. 
“Very funny!”
Her voice was really pleasant. Her grumpy face and tired eyes stood out even more against the all-white backdrop. There was a syringe in her strong hand. 
Nurse cap. 
That’s what it’s called – a nurse cap. But in this case I had mistaken her white hair for a cap. 
“I’d like one normal patient for a change!” she lamented. 
She was talking more to herself than to me. She didn’t look so much annoyed as bitter, like life wasn’t treating her well and she was dead set on taking her frustration out on anyone who crossed her path. In this case – me. 
The nurse flipped me onto my stomach with one move, without a heads-up and despite my moaning. She pushed aside the sheet and pulled my pajama pants down. That was when I noticed I was wearing pajamas. I couldn’t believe it! I hadn’t worn pajamas in a very long time – not a sucker for domestic coziness. Plus, I would have never gone for a pattern of beige and brown stripes. I felt laughter bubbling up, but the nurse squashed it right quick, sticking the needle without preliminaries.  
She rubbed the place with a cold, wet piece of cotton and stepped back. 
“Pull your pants up, dear.”
My surroundings undoubtedly looked like a hospital room. But I lacked the deductive reasoning skills of that railway worker, so I asked: 
“Where am I?”
The woman was writing down something in a file that had been on my nightstand. She didn’t even spare me a look. 
“Hawaii. The Hula girls will be here momentarily.”
Some women are plain difficult to talk to. If my experience was any indication, there was only one way to win over older people – obedience and respect. 
“Your wonderful sense of humor aside, where am I really?”
“Without my sense of humor, I would have left this place years ago, dear.”
The nurse closed the folder and placed it back on the nightstand. She walked around the bed and out through the white door without another word.
I reached and pulled the top sheet out of the folder. It was a lab test form, probably done on a typewriter. At the top it said Town of Rogue General Hospital. The font was so outdated that for a second it looked transported from the 19th-century.  
I had no memory of ever having visited that town. In all my roving, I had never before wound up in this place. And the little I now knew of Rogue would not have drawn me to it. The name sounded like something I had learned from a crossword puzzle – obscure mining town in the Balkan Mountains, five letters. 
A-ha!
So that was the source of livelihood here – mining.
I couldn’t remember what was extracted in the mines of Rogue, if I had even known that in the first place. Not that it mattered much. I had met miners a couple of times so I knew mines across the world produced mostly diseases. And wherever you have diseases, you need hospitals. 
I skimmed through the lab results. Nothing in there seemed out of order. I put the sheet of paper back into the folder and stretched out on my back. It was time for damage assessment.  
My hands were not bandaged or put in a plaster. I could move them easily and without pain. My face was no longer puffy, no Band-Aids. I couldn’t feel any splints or bandages underneath my pajamas. My breathing was regular, I had no vertigo, no nausea. So I was fine. I still had some headache, but nothing that required analgesics. I wasn’t even hooked to an IV. Either I was perfectly fine or the hospital was so neglected that it lacked the necessary equipment that could show I had horrific internal bleeding that would cause me to die in excruciating pain within the next twelve hours.   
Just kidding. 
After some straining and teeth-grinding, I managed to get up and drag myself to the window. The hospital turned out to be perched high on a slope and offered a splendid view of a valley dotted with neighborhoods crisscrossed by winding streets. The ship-shaped building was the lone towering presence with its all of four stories. From my vantage point, the town square looked super small. Like, it could barely fit a class of children celebrating the Slavonic Literature and Culture Day. Their teacher would definitely have to look on from across the street. I wondered where the locals danced their traditional New Year’s Eve horo  at midnight. Where was the town holiday marked? Perhaps the people of this blue-collar mining town weren’t interested in such revelry. Or maybe the town did not have a holiday – I mean what was there to celebrate about Rogue… Or maybe I was missing something.       
My internal compass was telling me the hospital was just outside of the town, to the north. I was half-surprised that the facility hadn’t been purposefully run into the ground, its building turned into a spa hotel, yet. Remember, entrepreneurship in Bulgaria is always rooted in some scam. In this particular case, scheming would be completely justified. The view was magnificent. The hills, especially those to the south and the west, made the valley look like the crater of a long-extinct volcano. They were covered in deciduous forests that were just starting to come into leaf. The white puffs of blooming wild plums popped against the vibrant background of budding oak-trees, while entire slopes were dark with solemn evergreens. 
Sullen gray clouds hung over the scenery, their darker folds making them look like crumpled sheets. It was one of those days you have the feeling it has been raining the entire time when in reality not a drop of rain has fallen. 
I stepped back and finally noticed my clothes, carefully folded and placed on the shelf-stand by the window. My jeans, sweater and denim jacket were all there. I moved closer and caught a whiff of a familiar traveler’s scent coming off of the fabric – dust, sweat, smoke and weariness. I felt dirty, but that wasn’t exactly a reliable indicator. Hospital environments are so sterile and clean that I always feel in a bad need of a bath and fresh clothes. There were five other beds stuffed in the room – all of them empty. I felt lonely, but that wasn’t indicative either. I always feel lonely in hospitals.  
So I was in a hospital. I couldn’t remember anything past my encounter with the young man by the town sign. Someone had brought me, drove me, here while I was unconscious. Now that I had come to, I expected a visit. Any moment now, a tired and not particularly sharp police officer would show up and start grilling me for details – about how I had wound up battered and unconscious in a hospital bed. That is how things normally work at big-city hospitals, at least. In most cases, the police officer brings company too. 
There was no way my presence could go unnoticed in a small town like this. Pretty soon, news of the stranger found badly beaten up by the town sign would sweep through the streets and cafes of Rogue. It was only a matter of time before it reached Cover Boy. I had a sneaking suspicion that the next time he would be less magnanimous. He had already shown me I wasn’t welcome, had his boys drop me at the town sign. He would take my return, no matter the reason, as a challenge to his authority. I wanted nothing to do with his type. 
My inner voice told me to get away from that place ASAP. But the idiot voice in me whispered relax, everything’s going to be fine. Hearing voices in my head isn’t a big deal – plenty of other people have that. What is strange is that I always take the side of the idiot. Always. Nothing good had ever come of it. 
I decided to break that habit. 
I shucked off the pajamas and slipped into my jeans and sweater. It was as if I had jumped out of a hot spring and into a swamp. Yuck. I felt the clothes clinging to my skin. It was time to find a washing machine – winter was long gone. 
I checked the contents of my pockets – two coins, a folded bill, a toothbrush, an ID card, an address book, a lighter, a safety deposit box key, and a pack of gum. Actually, there were only two pieces of gum left. 
It took me some time to fund my shoes. Whoever had handled my clothes hadn’t thought of leaving me a clean pair of socks. The old one was gone, probably incinerated along with hazardous medical waste. I put on my shoes barefoot and took a few steps. It was my third year wearing those and they probably had two or three hundred kilometers of walking left in them.  
I folded the pajamas and placed the stack on the bed. I always try to respond to nice gestures in kind. I went out the room, looked around and headed for the stairs at the end of the hallway. Crunch-crunch, the soles of my shoes did on the dusty old mosaics floor. That sound was going to drive me crazy one day. I don’t know if there’s heaven, but that is how I picture hell sometimes – hordes of sinners trudging down an endless hallway, their hard-soled shoes scraping the dusty floor.   

5. 
Judging by the view from the window, I had to go down three floors to get out of the hospital. So I did that as quickly as my bruised body permitted me. I tiptoed my way down so I can save myself that cursed crunching sound. At the ground-floor level, the hallway ended at a double door that figured to be the exit. It was semi-dark on the other side. And cold. Maybe spring was being capricious and the temperatures had dropped as the day wore on. I thought back to one Easter holiday when… never mind. I walked through another double door and it got really cold. Like, Christmas cold. That was the end of the road and I sincerely doubted that the black bags on the floor were full of gifts. I was in the hospital’s morgue.  
Moments like this let you know how many hairs you have on your body. Most people have the wrong idea about morgues. They imagine chrome refrigerated cabinets with carefully labelled drawers. Or a metal table where a dead body is laid under a white sheet – two feet sticking out from under the sheet, a card hanging from one thumb. 
Try again, people!
I have been to four different morgues. All four of them were nothing more than janitor’s closets – ice-cold places with corpses strewn all over like some rolled up old carpets. This morgue was no different. 
I wanted to get away. To run away – from the morgue, the hospital, the town of Rogue – with the speed of a hurricane wind and never come back. On the other hand, the siren call of morbid curiosity was drawing me back to danger. I was tempted to take a peek inside the black plastic bags. Just once. Just for a second. If you’ve never been to a morgue, you wouldn’t understand this urge.
I listened for footsteps, then went to one bag and opened it. They hadn’t even bothered to tie it closed. I saw a mustache and then the rest of it. Not that I had any expectations going into it, but the image chilled me to the bone. The older man in the body bag, or whatever was left of him, was missing half of his face. It was just gone. As were his arms – one from the elbow down and the other from the shoulder down. That was enough for me. I stood up and shuffled back the same way I’d come. I couldn’t tell you how I got to the upper floor. I was just about to start toward the bright-lit foyer at the far end of the hallway when I heard and irate male voice explaining to someone that the patient needed rest. 
I looked around and my eyes were drawn to the sign on the door closest to me. It was an old-fashioned glass plate – black with an inscription in golden letters. WC. I slipped inside and rested my back against the door. Two sets of feet walked passed my hiding place to the soundtrack of that same guy’s muttering. 
The footsteps soon receded and my breathing went back to normal. A broken small window provided natural ventilation to the restroom. The stench of stale urine was mixing with the fresh aroma of pine resin rushing in.  
The combination put me in a pissy mood, if you know what I mean. As I was already in a restroom, it seemed like a good idea to go ahead and take a piss. God only knew what the rest of the day had in store for me and whether I would get another chance. I have a rule – I eat, sleep and pee whenever I can. 
There was a mirror in the restroom. I stood before it and smiled – I didn’t look half bad for my age. That is, if you ignored the cut on my forehead, my black eye, split lip and slightly swollen nose. But these were all things I had long gotten used to. What was important was that nothing really hurt.
I relieved myself, went back outside, and crept up to the foyer. It was spacious and empty. I peeked out through the glass door and saw nothing concerning. 
Except the familiar angular outline of a vehicle parked outside the entrance. I knew that black SUV painfully well. Literally. 
So the main entrance was not an option. I picked a random door and briefly wondered whether what was behind it would make a good hiding place. It was the only door without a sign, but the only one left ajar too. I glanced back at the parking lot and saw one of the bulky fellas get out of the car and light a cigarette. The mumbling male voice was back, now coming from the stairs at the far end of the hallway. He was saying he had no idea where the patient was and that he couldn’t be held responsible for the man’s disappearance. 
Disappearing sounded great to me. 
I crossed the foyer and slid behind the door I’d picked. I went down a narrow hallway and through a double door to found myself breathing in the soft coolness of the early afternoon. My lungs filled with the scent of greenery, flowers, resin and… trash. Three dumpsters were lined along the building and judging by the smell, it had been a long time since the last garbage collection. I could only imagine how those would stink in the middle of the summer. The hospital staff was clearly relying on the area’s profusion of natural air fresheners. The concrete lot where I was standing, and the entire hospital for that matter, was nestled in a fragrant pine forest. In the silence enveloping the forest I could hear pinecones crackling as if they were picking up on signs in the humid air of warmer spring days to come.     
I crossed the concrete lot to a path winding its way down to the town center. I tried to walk as fast as possible, but my legs were not fully cooperating. The flights of stairs popping up every few steps didn’t help either. I had never raced in modern pentathlons and now wasn’t the time to try one. I slowed down and switched to climbing down the stairs sideways.  
At the bottom of the path, I could see a small park sporting exactly two alleys, two lamps and two benches. You think I’m exaggerating? You might be right, because it was essentially one bench, the other was broken. All that galloping down the slope had sapped my energy so I had to sit down before I collapsed. I plopped onto the good bench and worked on bringing my breathing and pulse back to normal. 
It took me two or three minutes to calm down. I was ready to walk around and pretend to be a tourist casually going about sightseeing in Rogue. I started a confident, unhurried walk down the cobblestone street. I had barely taken a few steps when I saw a white vehicle with blue inscriptions turn onto the street in the far distance. 
The police. 
I stopped, closed my eyes and clenched my teeth to stop myself from cursing. 
I don’t know about you, but I really don’t like running into the police. For some reason, every officer of the law who crosses my path insists on talking to me. They start with some casual interviewing, which progresses into hassling and before I know it I am shoved into their car and taken to some stinky police station. Of course, they have nothing to charge me with, so they leave me marinating there for several hours and boot me out. But not before they hand me a densely written ticket folded in two – for disturbing the peace, hooliganism or some other made-up nonsense. I, of course, have a tried-and-tested strategy when it comes to tickets – I don’t give twopence. I tear them to pieces and throw them into the first trash can. What I care about is the lost time. Hanging out in a police station has got to be one of the most pointless ways to pass your time. 
What was even worse in this case – I doubted Rogue police officers would waste my time with tickets. They were probably instructed to take me straight to the press conference hall. Unless Cover Boy had a nice little torture chamber somewhere with all kinds of devices.
Not today, boys.  
I looked around for a hole to slither into. Big cities are chock-full of building entrances, shops, underpasses and all sorts of nooks and crannies. Rogue offered nothing but empty sidewalks and wire fencing. With one small, welcome exception: Rogue Information Center, read a sign made of twisted metal pipes welded together. It adorned a small, white building exhibiting elements of 19th-century Bulgarian National Revival architecture.
I didn’t hesitate for even a second.  

6. 
Inside, the information center was neat and arranged with great care. Opposite the entrance, a glass display shelf held a modest collection of minerals from the galleries of the Rogue mine, as the hand-written title revealed. To the right, the wall sported a faded poster educating enthusiastic nature lovers on the types of plants and animals they should avoid in the local forests and meadows. A different poster next to it warned novice mushroom gatherers about the dangers that awaited the most overconfident of them. To the left of the minerals there was a third faded poster – of the singer Georgi Hristov. The autograph was dated August 2010. 
A hallway went past the singer and led to a spacious room with the blinds down. In the opposite direction, there were two closed doors. I was willing to bet one of them was the restroom. With all those rooms, the place was much bigger than the impression it gave from the outside. As I was waiting for an employee to show up, I studied Georgi Hristov. I’d never understood his penchant for showing off his medallions. His love for silk shirts was also too… 
“Good day!”
A dowdy wool sweater had materialized behind me. I stared at the arms sticking out of its sleeves and the curly hair cascading down the shoulders and it dawned on me – there was a person inside that piece of clothing. Said person wore threadbare checkered pants capped by crude travel shoes. I don’t have much of a fashion sense, but even I had to question the wisdom of matching a knitted sweater with a pattern of large red and white checks. That whole outfit contained a person that was no more than a meter sixty .       
“Welcome to Rogue!” a husky voice said. 
The stranger walked around me, brushing a strand of hair off her face. Her beautiful face. I am not easily impressed and I have a tried-and-tested strategy when it comes to female beauty. I trust my first impression. From the moment I lay eyes on her, I start counting. If I get to three without taking a breath, I have stumbled upon a pretty woman. If I get to five, then I’m in the presence of a beauty. And if I get to seven… When the girl before me flicked her hair, I forgot all about counting. 
“How may I help you?”
“I… um… hello!”
“Hi!” the girl opened one of the closed doors and invited me to a room with a small table and four low chairs. “Please, come in. Would you like some tea?” 
She wore three small earrings on her left ear, a tattoo was partially visible on the right side of her neck. My eyes traveled down to check her name tag. Lora. 
Lora procured a round enamel teapot from somewhere, poured me a cup and offered it to me with a smile. 
I am not a fan of tea, let alone herbal tea. But I thought it would be rude to turn it down. There was something eastern in the way visitors were welcomed to this information center. Eastern culture preaches humility and gratitude. I took the teacup and nodded in acknowledgment. A strong aroma of summer vacation greeted me, just like it had earlier that morning at the railway station. I could almost feel the childhood sensation of damp hay sticking to my back as I rollick and tumble on cut grass.    
The girl followed my gaze and nodded: 
“You know my name now. I am at a disadvantage.”
“Emil. Emil Milev.”
Lora examined me with curiosity.
“Nice to meet you, Mr. Milev. Is this your first time in town?”
I nodded distractedly and looked away because her attention made me uncomfortable. I probably didn’t look like a tourist to her, although I doubted enough tourists came to Rogue for her to have a stereotype in mind.
“Here is a presentation of some of our landmarks” Lora said, handing me a leaflet I stuffed in my inside pocket, flustered. “In the main room, you can see our museum collection. We have an exhibition portraying three scenes characteristic of the lifestyle in this town and…”    
The police car drove by the window and I instinctively sunk lower in my chair. This didn’t go unnoticed by the kind curator. 
„Are you sure you’re OK?”
“Yes, yes. This tea is really nice,” I said, changing the topic. 
“Thank you. Would you like some honey?”        
I shook my head and immediately regretted the move. The pain rushed back. I must have winced because Lora leaned forward from behind her desk and stared even more intently at me. 
“Are you in pain?”
I don’t care that it hurts, my tears today will be yours tomorrow. I had heard those lyrics riding in some truck or another. But to her, my response was simply: 
“No.”
“You don’t look like a tourist to me.”
I knew it. Everyone in this town had deductive reasoning skills and dabbled in investigative work. Either the town was too small and boring or the humid mountain climate was playing with the locals’ minds. 
“Is that so?”
“Yes,” her eyes sparkled with mischievousness. “You’re not dressed appropriately, you wear summer shoes, you don’t carry a backpack and you don’t seem all that interested in our town.”
Elementary, my dear Watson! The only thing she failed to mention was the absence of a selfie stick. I finished my tea and put down the empty cup. The fragrant drink had invigorated me, but it had also exacerbated the pangs of hunger. I wouldn’t have minded some biscuits with that cup of tea. 
Hunger is a true force of nature, an indelible part of human history through all its ups and downs. I’m not much of a history lover and I can pinpoint the reason why – all theories in that scientific field are the work of fat, complacent people. I would advise historians to rethink their theories on an empty stomach, put themselves in the shoes of a hungry person. They would be able to see remarkable correlations. Now that would make for an interesting historical read. 
Lora was still very much interested in me. Her unwavering gaze was starting to make me feel uneasy. 
“I was kind of in a hurry, had no time to…”
“Are you hiding from someone?” 
“No.”
Hiding? Did she really looked at me and saw a man who hides from dangers? 
“Uh-huh. Someone is after you, then.”  
Wow! Did the people of Rogue go through mandatory investigative training? Or maybe that was a side effect of inbreeding? Perhaps there was something in the water here that… Or maybe it was time for me to stop acting a fool. The girl was just being open and nice and it would be unfair for me to play her.   
“Alright,” I said on a sigh and leaned back. “I’m hiding.” 
“From whom?”
“From a tall, blue-eyed suit and his henchmen.” 
Lora’s brow wrinkled in thought. Was there a plethora of tall, blue-eyed smug dudes in Rogue? Was she running through options in her head as to who of them could be unpleasant enough to force a likeable guy like me to hide in the information center? 
“Ivan Zahariev?”
She said the name like it was supposed to mean something to me. Oh, that Ivan Zahariev, you mean? Oh dear... tsk-tsk-tsk! Well, I knew only one Ivan Zahariev, in another life, and he was a dentist. An excellent dentist, actually. That’s why I simply shrugged. 
“If your guy rides in a black Mercedes SUV, it’s him.”
Her gaze grew sharper. There wasn’t much left of her easy-going manner. 
“Why are you hiding?” 
In place of an answer, I turned my head slowly to the side so she could have a good look at the burly fellas’ handiwork – the traces of the sound beating I’d received. 
“I have to tell you, you’ve gotten involved with very nasty people.”   
It sounded like a lecture my grandma would give me. You are going down a bad road, my boy, you better come to your senses or you won’t amount to much. I could easily tell her to spare me her chiding, but she was just trying to be nice. 
“So who is Ivan Zahariev?” I asked. 
“The owner of the mine.”
Of course. 
In other words, the owner of the town of Rogue. I’ve noticed that the main employers in small towns dictate the local economy, politics and overall mentality. Culture and sports, to whatever extent they exist, are also on the list. 
“What did you do to anger him?”
I wasn’t eager to bare my soul to this girl. I was quite aware that most of my troubles were a direct result of my own stupidity, but that didn’t make owning up to it any easier, let alone in front of strangers.
“I gave him the middle finger.”
“You flipped him off? That’s it?”
“Apparently, it was enough.”
Lora pondered that. I had just added a different shade of ugliness to the already horrifying image of Ivan Zahariev in her mind and it was taking her some time to adjust. 
“Why did you do it?”
“I can’t stand jackasses.”
Lora was using her teaspoon to scrape dried-up honey off her cup. Maybe she wanted me to tell her the whole story so I obliged, wisely skipping the part with my journalistic fiasco. 
“That guy, Zahariev, took me for someone else, had his gorillas rough me up and get me out of town. They dumped me by the town sign and I was just gathering myself, ready to leave, when a young man showed up. He wanted to help me and I was in no position to turn him down. I must have passed out because the next thing I knew was I came to in a hospital. Word about my whereabouts must have gotten to Zahariev and I can only assume he took it the wrong way because his men are now looking for me.” 
“Uh-huh.”
I spent the next two minutes sitting in silence. I could still taste the tea, smell its rich aroma – mint, thyme and something I couldn’t identify. 
“You’re in big trouble,” Lora said, shaking her head. “Ivan Zahariev won’t stop until he teaches you a lesson.”
“OK,” I said, shrugging. “I’ll be going on my way then. I’m terribly late as it is.”
I knew I was in trouble even before I walked into the information center. If that place’s function was to point out obvious things to its visitors, the girl was doing a fine job. 
“Where do you think you’re going? The Meatheads will get you before you’ve reached the town square.”
“Who?”
“The Meatheads,” she shrugged again. “Ivan Zahariev’s thugs. That’s what I call them.”
Made sense. Fucking half-witted fat-heads didn’t quite roll off the tongue the same way.
“What if I disappear?”
“How so?”
“You drive me to the station and I hop on the first train.”
“Mr. Zahariev has already made a couple of phone calls. You won’t be able to get through town. And even if you somehow reached the station, they wouldn’t let you get on a train.”
I thought about the railway worker and had to admit Lora knew what she was talking about. 
“What if I take to the woods? Literally.”  
“With those shoes?”
Oh, she had no idea how stubborn I could be when I had to. You don’t need a long beard to be a good priest, as we used to say in my neck of the woods. I could argue against her shoe remark too, but I decided to let the whole thing go. Generally speaking, I have nothing against the various groups of outsiders – vegetarians, cyclists, environmentalists, nudists, hikers… oh, and homosexuals. But I get impatient when those people try to enlighten me on simple life stuff.
“What’s wrong with my shoes?”
“You won’t last long, plus you might get lost.”      
“Let’s just assume I can last a long time.”
“Even if you do, the moment you step out onto open field, someone will notice you and report right away. Villagers around here don’t like strangers.”
“What if I go to the police?”
“Don’t be ridiculous.”
“What?”
“The police officers are ready to serve Ivan Zahariev at all time.”
I threw my hands up in exasperation. My imagination was running low on battery. 
“Any ideas?”
Lora shook her head again. 
“Who else knows you’re here?” she asked. 
“No one.”
“OK.” The girl straightened out her worn-out sweater and put on a wide leather headband to pull her hair back. “Here’s what. I get off work at six. I can take you to a path that will help you get unnoticed all the way to the main road.”
“The road to Veliko Tarnovo?” 
“Yes. You can hitchhike from there.”
It sounded great. What struck me as strange was that Lora was talking like she had done it before. 
“Until then, you can wait in the office,” she said with a smile and pointed to the door. “In case other tourists come by.”   
“Thank you,” I said and got out of my chair. “You’re very nice.”
I walked out, then down the hallway. Three scenes representing the local lifestyle were arranged in the room with the closed blinds. In one corner, a man and a wife in traditional costumes were leaning over a cradle. In another corner, two miners with pickaxes, hard hats and head torches were busy at work. In yet another corner, two hunters in combat fatigues were pointing double-barreled guns at a stuffed wild boar. That display seemed to encapsulate the perfect simplicity of life in Rogue: love, work, fun. 
“The office is this way,” Lora called from the other end of the hallway. “On the right.”
I went back to her and opened the door next to the room where we’d had tea. The entire furniture consisted of a desk, a chair and a sofa. 
I paused and turned around.  
“Lora…”
“Yes?”
“I have unfinished business with this Zahariev guy, but that is my problem. You better not get involved. This has nothing to do with you.”
“You should’ve thought about that before coming here.”

7. 
I closed the door behind me and stretched out on the sofa. 
Love, work, fun. In another life, I once asked Dr. Ivan Zahariev how one can tell that someone is crazy. Dr. Zahariev was a highly educated man and had answers for everything, thorough and yet simple answers. How can you tell someone is crazy? Well, if a person doesn’t know how to love, work or have fun, they qualify as crazy. 
Let’s see. I was through with love, I had just grown out of it years ago. Fun had steered clear of me all my life so at one point I stopped chasing it. I was left with work, as much as I could find some every once in a while. By Dr. Zahariev’s definition, I was hanging by a thread.
My desire to find employment was what had gotten me on the road to Rousse in the first place. An acquaintance of mine said he had a job for me – an easy, aboveboard job that paid well. 
I had spent the last three months in Stara Zagora, working at a not-entirely-legal car shop that doubled as a car dealership at the city’s industrial area. I spent the nights at one of the trailers on the property and even got paid a little on the side as security. It wasn’t half bad, not some back-breaking labor either. I even became friends with two of the mechanics. We went out for beers a couple of times after hours. The last time we drank deep into the night and when I went back to the car shop, I found the gates busted open. Some of the more expensive cars were gone. There were other missing items, damages. Before leaving, the thieves had smashed everything in the office.  
I called my boss right away and the shop’s yard filled with a dozen yolked guys within ten minutes. They walked around, inspected, clucked their tongues and said nothing. I figured it was an inside job, one of my two drinking buddies, but no one asked for my opinion. The car shop owner showed understanding. In the sense that he punched me a couple of times, took everything valuable I had in my pockets and kicked me to the curb.    
Good thing I had a fifty sewn inside the lining of my denim jacket for emergencies. I stayed two more days in Stara Zagora until I finally got in touch with my buddy from Rousse. He told me to hurry up and get there before anyone else snagged the job. If you’re not here by tomorrow evening, you’re out. That’s what he said. So I set off.  
If you haven’t traveled with a night train in a while, you can’t possibly understand. I’m used to hardships and misery to the point they hardly register with me anymore. Like I said, I try to live a quiet life and avoid trouble. I stay on the sidelines and pretend to be deaf and blind to the world around me. I barely speak even when I’m asked a question. I don’t take sides in arguments even when I know I’m right. I don’t get involved with shady characters even if my wrecked life depends on it.
On the train, my body felt stiff from all the sitting so I went out in the hallway to stretch my legs. 
An elderly lady was traveling in the next compartment with a little girl, her grandchild probably. Both looked subdued and cheerless, even more so than I. The woman was clutching her purse, while the child was trying to shake more pretzel sticks out of the obviously empty pack she was holding. I had first noticed them when they were getting on the train at the previous station. The woman was in a hurry, casting furtive glances over her shoulder, as if she expected someone to show up and pull the two of them back down on the platform. Or maybe it was the opposite – maybe she just wished there were people there to send them off. Or maybe she was running from something. That was her own business. 
The ticket collector made a sudden, loud entrance. He was drunk, staggering and bumping into everything in his path. He seemed aggressive so I stepped out of his way. 
He walked into the compartment with the elderly lady and slid the door behind him closed. 
They started negotiating. I could hear only fragments of their conversation because the ticket collector was slurring his words, but I gathered that the woman didn’t have enough money for a ticket. Correction – she had the money, but the wasted official of the Bulgarian State Railways wanted to fine her for not buying a ticket back at the station. He was going on and on about paying three times the regular price. I peeked inside and saw the man wildly gesticulating. The little girl was buried in the woman’s lap, on the verge of tears. 
I don’t normally take on the role of judge, jury and executioner, but then again I really can’t stand jackasses. Drunk jackasses even less so. I slid the door open and cleared my throat pretty loudly. The ticket collector turned to face me, looked me up and down through bleary eyes and went back to explaining the size of the fine. I grabbed his shoulder and asked him to leave the woman alone. He slapped my hand away and barked at me to back off, showering me with nasty-smelling spit. 
So much for reasoning with him.
I grabbed him by the lapels of his uniform and dragged him out into the hallway. He swung at me, but was too drunk to hit home. I shoved him back and advised him to get lost, but he lunged at me again. 
I punched him once. I had no intention to beat him up, just show him I had no problem doing it. In my experience, warning punches worked. The blow must have registered with his hazy brain because he stopped yelling and spitting, his eyes bulged and he backed his way out of the coach. 
I made sure the woman was OK, apologized for the incident and went back to my compartment. The plan was to get some sleep and look fresh in the morning for my job interview. 
The ticket collector came back with the trainmaster and a police officer. They hassled me for a couple of minutes, checking my ID and ticket, flashing their obnoxious flashlights in my face the entire time. They tried to fine me, then proceeded with an attempted beating. When both failed, it took all of them to get me off the train at the next station. 
The departure/arrival board at the station showed the next train to Rousse was late in the morning. Nothing left to do but try and get some sleep. 
You know the rest. 

8. 
I must have dozed off because the next thing I knew I got startled awake by a loud male voice. I looked around and realized I wasn’t at the station, but at the information center’s office room. An angry voice was coming from the hallway. Probably just another tourist dissatisfied with Rogue “landmarks”, here to hold people accountable for the town wasting his time. But it could also be a much nastier visitor. 
I stood up and hid behind the door. 
“You better shut your mouth and keep your eyes open!”
It was a deep, arrogant voice. It even sounded familiar to my ear, but my brain hadn’t shaken off the nap enough to tell for sure. 
“And you better get out of here.”
That voice I definitely knew – Lora was trying to throw her visitor out. Actually, there were two of them. 
“If you see him, give me a call,” the second one chimed in. 
“I don’t have your number” Lora returned. 
“Zero, eight, eight…”
“Why don’t you find something better to do? I’ve got to get back to work.”
“We’re trying to protect you,” the first one declared. 
“I’d rather take care of myself.”
“We can take care of you,” the second one leered. “You prefer one at a time or the two of us together?”
The two men cracked up. 
“Beat it!” Lora raised her voice. This didn’t look like her first time dealing with that sort of bullshit. Small-town suitors are as clumsy as they are pushy. 
I sneaked a peek through the keyhole and caught sight of the nose of one of the wannabe Romeos. Now I knew why that voice sounded familiar – it was the same swole fella who had welcomed me to the press conference hall. 
“Wanna have coffee later?”
“I’m a tea person,” Lora said. 
“We can go for a walk?” he persisted. 
“You have ten seconds to make yourself scarce.”
“Or else what? You gonna beat us up?”
The two cracked up again. 
“Or I’ll call Ivan Zahariev.”
That made them sober up. But they were still not going anywhere. I felt the wooden floor squeaking as they shifted from one foot to the other in hesitation. The first one finally mustered up the courage to speak again. 
“Aren’t you gonna offer us some tea?”
“No. Five seconds.”
The floorboards started squeaking more loudly. The fellas were leaving. 
“We’ll drop by again,” thug number one announced. “You might wanna check on Stoyan and change his diapers. He sure as hell shit himself when he saw us.”
The two nitwits cackled one last time. Lora said nothing, simply closed the door behind them and let out a sigh. 
I counted to five and emerged from the office. Lora was leaning back against the entrance door, her eyes closed. She looked at me, said nothing and went into the tea ceremony room. 
“Were they asking about me?” I sat down on one of the chairs and bent down to tie my shoes. I had to find socks or my feet would get blistered soon.
“Yes” Lora confirmed, trying to arrange the washed cups on a small tray. 
“So I’m already popular in Rogue.”
“That’s true for every newcomer.”
“I hate to criticize your tourist strategy, but if you greet all your visitors with a beating, you have only yourself to blame for not being a top destination.”
“That’s not how we normally greet our visitors,” Lora was still pretty mad, judging by her raised tone of voice. “Unless they ask for it.”
For a moment, I pictured Ivan Zahariev – standing in the town square in his traditional Bulgarian costume and welcoming tourists with the customary round loaf of bread and mix of ground dried herbs. I have a pretty active imagination, but that scene was a challenge even for me. It was easier to imagine him weighting down tourists with “concrete shoes” and throwing them into the river. Much more manly. 
“The information center closes in about ten minutes,” Lora said, pointing to a door behind her that I hadn’t noticed. “Get yourself ready and let’s go.”
I had never seen such a small restroom. My elbows repeatedly bumped into the wall behind me as I washed my hands, it was that narrow. I wondered how I would have gotten the rest of my ablutions done if I needed to. I washed my face and finger-combed my hair. That would do the trick. After all, this was Rogue, not Manhattan. 
The mirror was positioned for Lora’s height and I had to squat to check myself in it. I fixed my sweater and jacket, smoothed out the wrinkles left on my jeans from my afternoon nap and went out. Lora looked me over but made no comment about my appearance. 
“I want to stop by Stoyan’s place first. I don’t like what the Meatheads said.”
“Who is Stoyan?” I thought about the diapers remark and imagined some bedridden, frail old man. 
“A friend of mine and…” Lora paused thoughtfully. “He is on our way anyway.”
“OK.”
The unfriendly chill of evening mountain air greeted us outside. The light wind swooped over the town and brought humidity that made the air heavy and seeped into everything – my hair, my sweater, my mood. Fallen wild plum blossoms tumbled on the ground, sweetening the quiet with their innocent scent. The anticipation of rain hung in the air. 
“It looks like rain,” Lora observed, as she carefully scanned the area. “We better hurry up.”
She locked the door, checked it, looked around once again and led the way. 

9. 
In Rogue, everything was a short walk away. It was a pretty densely built town, with all its streets offering no more than a few minutes’ worth of a trip. We started down a bumpy sidewalk and crossed a few broad, empty streets. Since the morning, I’d had this nagging feeling of something missing from this place and I finally figured out what it was – cars. Aside from the police car and Ivan Zahariev’s SUV, I hadn’t seen any other vehicles hurrying around town. There was a parked car here or there, but traffic was practically non-existent. Considering everything could be found within a three-block radius, I didn’t see the need for locals to drive – except in the occasions that they headed for a bigger city or their fields outside of town. Plus, they had obviously discovered the benefits of bicycles… 
We walked past a row of overgrown backyards and stopped in front of a well-kept evergreen hedge surrounding a big, two-story house. Lora cast a furtive glance about, opened the narrow gate and stepped aside to let me in first. 
The house was surprisingly elegant for an obscure mining town in the Balkan Mountains with a five-letter name. It boasted a winding staircase, varnished wooden wall-paneling and a wrought-iron chandelier. I had walked into many small-towns houses and been greeted by the sight of peacock-embroidered wall rugs, but the walls of Stoyan’s home were decorated with oil paintings. 
We walked into a spacious living room centered by a massive leather sofa. The dark mouth of a stone-paneled fireplace was yawning from the wall opposite the sofa, with a rumpled bear skin in front of it and a pair of deer antlers hanging over it. A grand piano was casually placed by the window. A wrought-iron candlestick was perched on a lace tea-cloth atop it. 
Wow! 
And here I thought that Rogue was all desolate backyards and cyclists in workwear! 
All these natural materials made the house look dark. The inexorable march of the sun toward the horizon outside wasn’t helping the ambiance any. It took me some time to realize that what I first took as bear skin was actually a man coiled up on the floor.  
Lora flipped a switch and the living room was flooded in rusty light. I bent down and flipped the man onto his back. 
I’ll be damned! 
It was the same young man who had found me by the town sign and probably taken me to the hospital. Well, he looked a tad bit different from our last meeting. As we used to say as kids, someone had messed him up. One look at him and I knew that this was the handiwork of Ivan Zahariev’s minions. Their fingerprints were all over that masterpiece – a black eye, a split lip and a swollen nose. They had gotten him good, the bastards – he’d received the same hefty dose of their specialty that I had been treated to. But I’m a tough nut, used to being mistreated and getting into street fights, whereas this young man seemed to have the physique and psyche of a soft-boiled egg. I couldn’t even imagine raising a hand against someone like him. I wouldn’t have the heart to do it, that is how helpless and naïve he looked. 
“Stoyan!” Lora rushed to him and took his hand. “My God!”
For a moment there, I thought he was dead, for real. But then he moaned and his eyes fluttered open. Well, his right eye did. Maybe he recognized me or maybe he didn’t – I couldn’t tell because he just moaned once again and closed his eye. 
I helped him to his feet and almost carried him to the sofa. Lora brought a towel and a bowl of water from somewhere and got down to cleaning his face from the dried-up blood. Other than whimpering every once in a while, Stoyan was taking the treatment stoically. I hated to bother him with questions at that moment, but I had to be sure. 
“Who was it?”
It was difficult to make out what he was saying, but the name Zahariev seemed to pop up among his muffled words. 
“Why?” 
He opened his right eye and looked straight at me. 
“Why what?”
“Why did these morons pummeled you?”     
The sounds came all garbled, but I understood him – partly because I was expecting, and dreading, his answer. 
“Because I took you to the hospital.”
“They tried to beat out a confession out of you?”  
“No. They already knew. It was to make an example out of me.”
“An example? For helping me?”
Stoyan moaned again. He had no strength to continue. 
As I see it, knocking a reluctant source around to get important information out of them is fair game. So is throwing haymakers when someone is messing with your sister. But beating someone to make an example out of them isn’t within the rules. Not men’s rules. That was a damn lynching. Against a harmless young man who had done nothing wrong. He had just tried to help a stranger in distress. Those bastards had pissed me off in the morning, but now I was furious. I felt the tendons in my neck strain. 
I can’t stand lowlifes. 
I turned to Lora and held her gaze intently before I spoke. 
“Where’s his office?”
“Whose office?”
“Ivan Zahariev’s.”
“Right next to the Town Hall. Why?”
“Where is the Town Hall?”
“By the town square.”
Made sense. 
The workday was likely over for everyone in Rogue, but I doubted a person like Cover Boy ever went home. When he wasn’t busy inspecting his mine or beating up innocent people, he was probably holed up in his office. 
I got ready in a flash. My beige sweater was too loose and chunky and was only going to hinder me. I took it off and put on the jacked over my t-shirt. The jeans were fine. The shoes would hold up. I left all my personal belongings on the carved wooden table, grabbed the solid candlestick from the piano and shoved it in my inside jacket pocket. 
Stoyan propped himself up on one elbow, which brought on a fit of coughing.
“Don’t!” he wheezed.
Lora tried to stop me too. 
“You have no idea of the power Ivan Zahariev has.”
She had already put three pieces of Band-Aid on the boy’s face. If she kept that up, his head was soon going to resemble a papier-mâché project. I patted her shoulder. 
“I won’t be long. Take care of Stoyan.” 
“You’ll only make things worse,” Lora murmured, defeated. 
I couldn’t wait to face Cover Boy again. Our first meeting hadn’t exactly been a pleasant experience for me, so I had to be an idiot to itch for another one. This time was different, though. I had the element of surprise on my side. Plus I was steamed. Boy, was I steamed! 
The sky was slowly turning black, stars were glittering like scattered grains of sand between the still visible outlines of dark clouds. I walked out of the gloomy house and looked around, out of habit, before I started down the street that would lead me to the town center. There was no need for such caution, of course – I was in no more danger of getting run over by a car in Rogue than I was of getting trampled by a cow outside of the National Palace of Culture in the capital. And I do mean cow literally.     
The Town Hall was easy to spot. It couldn’t be anything else but the neglected building in the shape of a ship with the tattered flags out front. If I knew anything about types like Zahariev, and I am rarely wrong about people, his office would be in a modern, eye-catching structure. 
Having been to so many towns, cities and villages, I can get a sense of local maps like becoming attuned to a living, breathing organism. There is some logic in the way streets are situated and organized and over time I have learned to decipher it. You could drop me anywhere and within ten seconds I would be able to tell you what direction the center is in. That was a pretty easy task in Rogue. I could see the hospital on the hill and remember the view from its window. Not to mention that the ship-shaped building was the tallest in Rogue and it soon started to emerge over the rooftops of the houses around me. The town square turned out to be closer than I’d expected. Now I had to find Ivan Zahariev’s office building. The answer quickly presented itself – the black SUV was glimmering under the early light of street lamps.   
Leisurely crossing the square without a care in the world would be too cocky. So I snuck closer to the row of drab apartment blocks, shops packed with cheap goods, and cafes with flickering luminescent lighting. I crept toward the parked Mercedes. Above the last glass façade someone had welded twisted metal pipes into words that formed a name. That had to be a traditional craft around these parts. 
VIP Mining. 
Fuck you all!
I dislodged a tile piece from the broken sidewalk and hurled it at the windshield of the SUV. I suspected the vehicle might be armored, in which case the projectile would simply bounce off the glass, leaving only shallow cracks. Instead the glass shattered, peppering the front seats. Much better.  
Seconds later, three of Ivan Zahariev’s bodyguards rushed out of the office building. It was the same three men who had beaten me up earlier that morning. They were probably the ones responsible for Stoyan’s pitiful state. Maybe those three made up the entire security team of VIP Mining. At least I hoped so. I wasn’t quite sure why the pretty boy would need protection in the first place. After all, he was providing job opportunities for the entire town, so it was hard to see how anyone would hold a grudge against him. Then it dawned on me – he had personal security as a flex. 
The three doofuses looked around and it didn’t take long for them to connect the broken windshield to me. They were shocked and it showed. We’d already met and they had a certain perception of me: a weakling, a schmuck and an easy prey. And now that same schmuck had dared to vandalize their boss’s car. The property of Ivan Zahariev himself!  
In their eyes, I could read a burning desire to make mincemeat of me… cook me into meatballs, eat me, then throw me up and take a piss over what was left. 
I knew all about these boys. They thought themselves bigshots just because once or twice a week they got to pummel someone like Stoyan. I doubted anyone in Rogue had the guts to jump them. Come to think of it, people probably didn’t even put much of a fight as they got trashed. These three were almighty and used to being on the winning side. Sure, it did wonders for their self-esteem, but it also lulled their fighter’s instincts to sleep – technique, tactics, strategy, all of it. Beating up on a harmless, defenseless opponent isn’t a real fight. But these boys had no way of knowing that. They were about to learn the hard way. 
I reached into my inside jacket pocket and felt the twisting iron stem of the candlestick. Its lower part flared out into a bulky knot, while its top part ended in a sheet-metal rose shape where the candle went in.   
The three thugs seemed puzzled. They’d probably expected me to pull out a gun or a knife. What was worse for them, the mad dash to check out the commotion outside had left them unarmed. One of them was even missing a belt. He charged me first. 
The entire scuffle lasted no more than five seconds. 
I whipped the candlestick out, swung at the wind pipe of my attacker and connected. His eyes bulged, he gurgled and crumpled to the ground, holding his throat, writhing in pain. The second one had a moment longer to react so the candlestick caught him in his ear. His skull produced a hollow sound, which echoed once again as the mountain of a man hit the front fender of the SUV, and a third time when his head thudded to the sidewalk. 
I almost missed the third guy completely. The sheet-metal rose left three deep cuts on his face. His hand shot up to press on the wound and I used the opening to ram the candlestick into his crotch. The henchman doubled over and that was all the invitation I needed to bring my wrought-iron weapon down on the crown of his head, leaving him in agony. 
It might have been six seconds, I didn’t really count. 
Hurting animals was not my thing, but I read somewhere that if a snake bites you, you have to kill it immediately. Not as revenge or some kind of release, and definitely not to make an example out of it – but to prevent it from striking you again.  
I kicked the two thugs still wriggling on the ground in the head as hard as I could and bent down to search them. They weren’t carrying weapons, but I found a pair of handcuffs and a pepper spray hanging from the belt of the second guy. I cuffed them together and threw the pepper spray through the broken windshield to take away any advantage it might give them.  
I stepped over the body of the guy without the belt and walked into the office building. Two women were standing behind the modernistic reception desk – an older lady and a very young girl. Both were frozen in place, watching me with horror. 
“Can you point me to Mr. Zahariev’s office?” I asked, wiping my forehead with my jacket sleeve. “I have an appointment.”
The older woman managed to lift her left index finger and point to a door at the end of a short hallway. I barged in without knocking. 
Cover Boy was sitting in a large, comfortable chair behind a massive desk. A young woman was leaning over his shoulder. They were engaged in a lively conversation, had to be something important. Both looked up and our eyes met. 
If Ivan Zahariev was surprised to see me there, he didn’t show it. Now, the young woman seemed genuinely scared – she retreated until her back hit the wall, her hands were shaking. I put the candlestick back in my pocket and signaled her to leave the room. She didn’t waste a second sneaking out through the door I had left ajar. I knew my time was limited so I got straight to the point.  
“Mr. Zahariev, I’m glad to see you again.” 
Cover Boy pressed a button on his desk phone, but no one answered. 
“You’re wasting your time, Mr. Zahariev,” I smiled pleasantly. “They’re all busy licking their wounds.” 
His piercing blue eyes bore into me and I could see his mind racing. He kept silent. 
“What’s the matter? Cat got your tongue?”
“I don’t talk to scum.”
Here’s my advice on situations like these – in the absence of arguments, bluff. The bolder your bluff is, the greater the likelihood it will work. 
“Stop harassing me,” I stared back at him, “or the truth will come out.”
He was watching me intently. Maybe he was waiting for me to blink so he can pull a gun out of the drawer and empty the clip in me. 
“I’m leaving your stupid town. You just try and stop me!”
Ivan Zahariev’s eyes were fixed on me. His pupils had grown so tiny that his gaze could double as a Blu-ray burner. 
“You’ll leave when I tell you to.”
I remembered he’d called me a messenger. In that someone had sent me. Tell your employer that our arrangement has run its course. To flesh out my bluff, I had to involve my employer.  
“I’m giving you my boss’s message word-for-word: if he wants war, he’ll get war.” 
“Relay my response word-for-word too: suck it.”
I listened for police sirens – that would be my cue to end this chat in his spiffy office. Nothing. Maybe the Rogue police department had been sent home for the day, seeing as Ivan Zahariev’s bodyguards had overtaken its duties. Anyway, I had done what I’d come for and I wasn’t about to linger. I thought some aggression was in order to really drive my point – that I wasn’t messing around – home. I had already signed my faith by breaking his windshield, so what was smashing another item or two of his. A massive hourglass was sitting at the edge of his desk. Its brass plaque read To our colleague and friend, Mr. Zahariev, professional engineer. I pushed the clock and the glass shattered with a fine clink, sending sand spilling on the tile floor and getting into the grout lines.  
“Your time is ticking away, engineer Zahariev.”   
I’d been worried that one of the receptionists might come to Cover Boy’s defense, ready to fight me tooth and polished nail, but I found them rooted in the same spots. I must have been the first wacko to commit the stupidity of attacking the VIP Mining offices because the poor women had no response strategy, no counteraction plan in place. As I nodded to them on my way out, I thought all three would be taking a day off tomorrow. Then an even more absurd idea came to me. I followed the impulse and apologized. 
“Sorry for frightening you, ladies. Please forgive me if you can.”
I hurried out before any of them got the chance to hurl a stapler at my head. 
Outside, the thugs were coming to and struggling to stand up. No apologies for those guys so I just left them with one more kick for good measure. Gave them something to think about. 

10.
I’d been all bluster in Ivan Zahariev’s office. The truth was my time was running out, not his. It was going to take the bad guys no more than ten minutes to regroup and devise a plan for my capture. From there, it was ten more minutes to carry that plan out. Unless I got out of town ASAP or found a place to stay under the radar for a while. Hiding in literal nooks and crannies, while feverishly looking out for my chasers, wasn’t a viable option.  
I walked back the same route. My jaunt to the VIP Mining offices had lasted no more than ten minutes. Yet it had gotten notably darker outside, which made finding Stoyan’s house a challenge. When I finally got there, a yellow lampion in one living-room corner was the only light left on. The young man was still lying on the sofa, while Lora was seated by the carved wooden table. She noticed my presence and signaled me to keep silent. I walked over to her quietly and just shrugged my shoulders. Stoyan was asleep. The little nymph adjusted the blanket over his chest and caressed his hair. It was only then that I spotted the big kitchen knife on the table. The poor girl had taken measures to protect herself and her patient. What did she imagined herself doing with this knife if Ivan Zahariev’s had come here? 
I put the candlestick back in its place, put on my sweater and collected my personal stuff. 
“Take this,” Lora whispered, handing me something black and shiny. “Just in case.”
I looked down and froze. The curator of the information center was holding a handgun. 
“What the hell is this?”
“A gun, of course!”
“What’s the matter with you? Are you crazy?”
“Why?”
I don’t like firearms. I don’t like gunfights. I use handguns and shotguns only in a real pinch. And every time I vow afterwards to never touch a gun again. Dwayne Johnson looks cool and macho firing big guns in action movies. Bang, there goes a bad guy. But it’s not nearly that simple in real life. Guns make conflicts worse, not better. Plus, they tend to discharge in the most unexpected moments. I have no way of really knowing this, but I suspect that most peacetime gunshot wounds are the result of clumsiness rather than true aim. I had seen people shot dead. Some had died in my hands. None of it had ever made me feel any better. 
No thanks.  
“Take that thing back where you found it, please. You have no idea how dangerous it is!”
Lora looked at me with a strange mixture of curiosity and disappointment. She flipped her hair back and shrugged. 
“Don’t be ridiculous, it’s plastic. No one will spot the difference in the dark, though.”
I took it hesitantly and immediately felt embarrassed. The gun really was plastic, a really bad imitation at that. Actually, it looked like a cheap toy. But if I had mistaken it for the real thing under the table light, then it could pass for one in the dark Rogue streets. I stuffed it in my back pocket like some cowboy in the Wild West. 
“Come on!” Lora urged, pushing me out of the house. We both looked around. Night had fallen. I half-expected to see angry locals armed with pitchforks and torches roaming in search of the bastard who had dared to disrespect their still-living patron saint. But the town was its quiet, desolate and nondescript self. You could almost feel what little life it had left getting extinguished as the night progressed. I was on edge, ready to fight some armed Ivan Zahariev sycophant at the next corner. I was also worried Stoyan might get it even worse after my intervention.  
“Do you think it’s a good idea to leave him here?” 
“Who, Stoyan?” Lora was visibly tense, she was still whispering. 
“Maybe we should hide him somewhere?”
“There aren’t all that many hiding places in Rogue. Plus, we can’t drag him with us.”
“What if something happens to him?”
“More than it already has? In Rogue, you max out at one beating.”
Yeah, right. I didn’t bite that for a second. 
“Don’t worry, I’ll go back to him soon enough. No one will touch him until then.”

11. 
Lora led the way confidently in the night. She was quick and nimble and set a fast pace. I could barely keep up with her down the dark streets she was taking me. I stumbled a few times, bruised both my elbows, stepped in deep puddles of mud, swept all the town cobwebs and even managed to bump my head into a low tree limb. Our steps were fast, but not hurried. My head swarmed with questions and I tried to clear at least some of them. 
“Do you know Ivan Zahariev well?”
Lora thought for a moment before she answered. Feudal lords are a favorite topic of conversation in small towns. I was sure that every single Rogue resident was dying to say something interesting about Dear Leader. Unfortunately, that devotion had probably led to the emergence of an entire mythology around him that would make it difficult to separate truth from fiction.  
“You could say that.”
“Has he ever had a well-publicized problem?”
“I guess. You know how it is in Bulgaria – the media writes all sorts of stuff.”
“No, no. I’m talking about something major. Like pouring toxic chemical waste into the river.”
“What river?”
“It was just a hypothetical example.”
“I don’t know. I can’t remember.”
I thought of the four body bags in the hospital’s morgue and reflexively slowed down. In my mind’s eye, I saw the horrific damage done to the face and body of that man. For some reason, I focused on his clothes – his work uniform or whatever was left of it. I was sure that at the moment he was forced to meet his creator, this poor soul had been at his workplace, probably Ivan Zahariev’s mine. 
“Are deaths a frequent occurrence in Rogue?” 
“What do you mean?”
I tried to remember the morgue clearly. There were only four corpses, but Rogue was no Sofia either. If you walked into the morgue of a random hospital in the capital, you would see tens of full body bags, some of them collecting dust there for years. 
It was reasonable to assume that people in this small mining town died in their own homes. Why would anyone go to the trouble of performing autopsies? The coroner probably wrote down pneumonia or heart failure in their file and things ended there. The funeral would be the next day, followed by a short gathering and then it was back to work. No corpses lingering in the morgue, let alone four of them. Unless… 
“Have you ever been to the mine?”
“Just once, to take photos for the travel brochure.”
“What did you think of it?”
“It was a bit stuffy.”
“Are there workplace incidents?”
“Probably. The conditions there aren’t…”
“I mean serious incidents… with casualties.”
Lora went silent. Maybe she was counting the victims of Ivan Zahariev’s greed. 
“I don’t think so. There was one instance, but it was a long time ago – two or three years.”
That’s how you know how young someone is, when they see two or three years as a long period of time. Really, really young. 
“Did the papers cover it?”
“Reporters came, asked around.”  
“What did the investigation show?”
“What investigation?”
“There must have been an investigation, interrogations, witness testimonies. It had to be the event of the year in Rogue.”
“I don’t know,” Lora said, slowing down to a near stop. “I don’t remember anyone interrogating people or investigating. Not here in town, anyway.”
Her profile was outlined against the dark sky. I wondered how she had managed to get herself immunity when it came to the town thugs. They clearly tried to stay away from the information center. I remembered her threat to call Ivan Zahariev, which got the thugs out of there. So she could just pick up the phone and call him and have that mean something. Maybe she had something on Cover Boy. 
What was it?
“Come on!” she urged. “We’re close.” 
Or maybe she had a more special relationship with Ivan Zahariev. Maybe there was shared history there. What kind exactly? Had they locked horns at some point? But what would the reason be? The two of them had nothing in common. What would connect them? Lora gave off the vibe of a perfectly normal young woman. She was nice, sounded reasonable and there wasn’t a hint of a crazy glint in her eyes. She didn’t look like a patriotic zealot, a corrupted politician or a religious fanatic. She also didn’t give the impression of someone obsessed with material things, so financial motivation could be scratched off the list as well. 
True, she was a beauty and she probably had to fend off all sorts of clumsy suitors, but that didn’t fit Cover Boy’s profile either. Besides, I was sure he was used to gorgeous women going back to his modeling days. Even if sparks had flown between them, that didn’t seem like a plausible reason for a serious argument. 
Lora was clearly in Ivan Zahariev’s good graces, so why hadn’t she picked up the phone and told him I have your guy, he’s mine now or something to that effect. Maybe she was just an adrenaline junkie, bored to death by the monotone life of working at the information center, and here I was – a welcome diversion. She was going toy with me until she lost interest and kick me to the curb. 
Not that I was all that concerned about it. Actually, I didn’t give a fig. As long as she helped me get away from Ivan Zahariev, I didn’t care about the rest. Alternatively, if she didn’t help me, nothing else would matter. 
“Here,” Lora stopped and pointed to a spot that appeared darker than the surrounding darkness.  
I went first. The ground beneath me grew softer, we were on a country road. We crossed what had to be a neglected park, unless it was an overgrown pasture. Remarkably, I managed to find another mud puddle to step into. I had no idea how Lora was doing with her mane of a hair and knitted sweater, but my sweater kept catching on branches, thorns, stems and leaves. Oh, did I mention the mosquitoes?          
After a while we jumped over wire fencing to find ourselves in front of the still silhouette of a small, unassuming church. Well, we mostly got to the street on the other side of the fence. Lora’s left leg had gotten caught in the wires and showed no sign of leaving the cover the park provided. She tried to wriggle out, slipped and fell on her backside with a thud. There wasn’t a living soul in the street, save for the spry cat that streaked down the sidewalk and disappeared under the car parked several houses away. 
“Come on!” I called.    
“I can’t,” her voice trembled. “It hurts.”
I squatted to have a better look at the situation, but the dark wasn’t doing me any favors. I pulled out my lighter and went back to inspecting. There was a shallow cut on the strip of naked white skin between her sock and the pants leg. Nothing serious. But her shoe was tangled up in a piece of wire tied to the wooden post keeping the fence up. Lora would have to climb over back to the other side of the fence for me to free her leg. After some deliberation, I removed her shoe to work on disentangling the wire. I couldn’t hold up the lighter at the same time so I was working by feel in the dark.     
I remembered Lora’s comments about my shoes. Interesting, I had always marveled at the fact that hikers would choose to wear hard, heavy and uncomfortable shoes. Granted, if you have to walk on crushed rocks, smashed bottles and metal fragments, they must come in handy. But most tourist routes don’t feature crushed rocks so much as well-trodden paths and roads. When it comes to pathways through the forest or paved roads, believe it or not, the cheapest Chinese sneakers are a ten times better option. They are light, soft, easy to break in and cost just a few bucks. Oh, and let’s not forget how easy it is to air them. 
Lora was sitting patiently on a fallen tree trunk. Meanwhile, the broken sidewalk tiles were digging in my knees. Finally, I got rid of the wire and handed Lora her shoe. My legs felt numb, which made standing up an agony. I stretched my back, but I must have straightened up too fast because I got dizzy and had to lean against the nearest concrete pole. It was actually a lamp post, not that it mattered much since there was no light coming from its top, the street was still plunged in darkness. I wondered what Rogue butterflies were flying around in the night. Maybe there was some enthusiastic amateur environmentalist who patrolled the town with a gas lamp in hand, just to give them that pleasure. Or did he just flash a light at intervals to energize them?    
The thought had barely formed when the headlights of the parked car beamed in my face. I stood there hypnotized for the longest moment before I could come to my senses. The initial rush of panic wore off, what followed was a blur. I raised a hand to protect my eyes. I darted a look toward the wire fencing, caught Lora’s eyes and shook my head “no”. I started down the sidewalk and tried to get away as fast as I could without breaking into a run. I heard the engine get revved up behind me and the car slowly head toward me. This couldn’t be a coincidence. They were after me. 

12. 
The sidewalk was too broken for me to navigate in the dark. I darted off running in the street. My head was about to explode from the onslaught of troubling visions. The guy in the car was probably already calling for reinforcements. I found him, I found him! The scales of life were cruelly starting to tip against me. My feet went numb, my shoes were hanging on for dear life, I had no idea where I was going and I didn’t know the layout of the town. To top it all, I had lost my allies – Stoyan was recovering at home and I’d left Lora behind, in the park shrubbery.  
A car was on my heels.  
Maybe they were some kids who thought to have a good time chasing strangers in the midnight streets. Or maybe there was this one taxi in town and its driver was willing to do whatever not to miss out on a potential client. Or maybe – and that seemed the most implausibly rosy scenario – Ivan Zahariev himself had realized his mistake and was now following me around for a chance to apologize over a bottle of wine. 
Then, the beams from the headlights were joined by a different type of lights, the worst combination – flashing blue. 
The police. 
Oh, hell! 
The only strategy I could come up with was to stay in their line of sight. If I swerved into a dark backyard, they would call for backup and cordon off the neighborhood. But if they maintained visual, they would get greedy and try to capture me on their own. For the glory and the modest prize they were surely promised. Against two opponents, I had a prayer of a chance, against ten – I was doomed. My only advantage, if you could call it that, was that I had nothing to lose. The police officers had something on the line and that made them somewhat vulnerable. For starters, I had to separate them from each other and lure at least one of them out of the car. Then there was the business with disarming… 
I suddenly remembered I still had that gun with me. Then the craziest plan took shape in my mind. I threw away the piece of wire that was still in my hand, turned to face the police car, drew out the gun and put its muzzle to my temple. 
The car screeched to a stop about twenty steps away, with the motor still running and the headlights on. The lights kept flashing nervously, their pulsating blue bathing the street. All that was left was for the butterflies to swarm in. For an eternal minute nothing happened. My guess was the two police officers were in a frantic discussion about their next steps. Tough break for them – I doubted police school had covered that particular scenario during their training. 
I decided to pour gas on the fire.  
“I’ll shoot! I’ll kill myself!”
I was playing my least favorite game – with extremely high stakes and extremely bad odds for me. I was certain they had explicit orders to bring me back alive, and probably unharmed. Ivan Zahariev had the look of a man who didn’t like to share his pleasures. I could only imagine what awaited the police officer who let me commit suicide before the almighty owner of VIP Mining had gotten his hands on me. Or the police officer who dared to shoot me, depriving his master of his right to serve justice. 
At last, the driver’s door opened and out came a police officer. His voice carried the excitement of someone who had met their favorite chalga  singer. 
“Don’t do anything stupid! Drop the gun!” 
Not going to have it your way, boys. 
“Get lost! I’ll shoot myself!”
“Don’t do this. Someone might really get hurt.”
“I don’t give a damn! I’ll blow my brains out!” 
The police officer took several careful steps and stood in the beam of the headlights. His partner got out of the car and remained by his door. I couldn’t see their faces well, but the holsters on their belts were perfectly outlined. The driver looked tall and strong, but he crept forward hesitantly as if he was afraid he would walk into a pile of dung. The other slowly put a hand on his holster. God damn rural sheriffs! I was sick and tired of policemen who watched westerns and crime sagas on TV, while the biggest crime they’d ever had to deal with was illegal dump of household waste. 
“Calm down and put the gun on the ground!”
“No! I want to die!”
He was only a few paces away now. He had been inching forward with his hand stretched out like a beggar or someone who was dying to shake hands with me. Or was that the product of a congenital condition?  
His partner still kept one hand on his holster. Did he fancy himself Clint Eastwood, imagining he was in control of the situation? He probably thought a split second was enough to draw his weapon, aim, shoot and get me without harming his colleague, then dodge the bullet I would have fired late and check to see if I was really down before finally holstering his gun and puffing out smoke from an imaginary cigarette. Well, I saw it play out a bit differently and fully intended to check whose version stood the test of real life. 
“I want to die!”
“No, you don’t! Just calm down and everything will be OK.”
“Nothing’s OK. I’m not OK!”
“Easy. Easy.”
He had guts, no doubt. He was standing three paces away from an armed, unhinged person and he was trying to talk the psycho off the ledge. The flashing blue lights rendered his silhouette ghostly. 
“Give me the gun and take a breath.”
“You want me to die too!”
“No one wants you to die.”
I burst into tears, my body shaking in convulsions. The police officer stopped, turning into a statue with an outstretched hand. 
“Come on, give me the gun and everything will be OK.”
Now came the trickiest part of the entire show. If they didn’t take that opportunity to whack me, I had a chance.  
Clint Eastwood hadn’t made a move yet. I hoped he would keep it that way. I counted to three in my head, took a deep breath and lowered the gun. I flipped it, grabbed it by the muzzle and handed it to the policeman. I could almost see the relief in his eyes through the blinding glare of the headlights and my tears. The policeman reached a shaking hand toward the gun, clasped the butt and pulled at it sharply. I had curled my index finger around the trigger loop and my hand jerked forward with the gun. My other hand followed suit, only faster and niftier. I grabbed the policeman, spun him around and put the gun to his neck. I looked at Clint Eastwood, who was still standing by the police car with a hand on his holster. Well, that split second was over for him. 
“Don’t even think about moving!”
I relayed that message to my hostage quietly – so he would realize I was decisive, cold-blooded and in complete control of the situation. And he got it. 
A minute later, the two cops were sitting with their backs against each other, tied to the nearest lamp post. Their hands were handcuffed, their mouths gagged with the help of their own reflective jackets, their weapons placed on the curb at a safe distance. I squatted and examined my handiwork. They were conscious, their breathing was even and they weren’t bleeding from anywhere. I didn’t want any hard feelings left between us. 
“Sorry gentlemen. Don’t get in my way ever again and I promise not to tell that I tricked you with a plastic gun,” I said brandishing my own personal weapon.  
To underscore my point, I put the toy on the curb and smashed it with my heel. The plastic splintered. 
I was getting into the habit of apologizing. It had to be the clean air. 
	
13.  
I slid behind the wheel of the police car and, after pushing a lot of buttons, managed to turn off the flashing blue lights. I reversed and drove slowly down the street. I passed by more than twenty homes until I finally recognized the wire fencing. I marveled at how far I’d gotten before the police had caught up with me. I buzzed down the window and called out Lora’s name. 
“Lora, it’s me, Emil. Jump in!”
Nothing happened. 
I was waiting for my running mate’s beautiful face to emerge framed by her glossy curls. 
Nothing. 
Lora! 
I called for her one more time – if she was there, she could hear me. I doubted she had fainted or fallen asleep. She had simply left. 
Bummer! Of course, I wasn’t her problem so I couldn’t really blame her. But it would’ve been nice to say our goodbyes before I got the hell out of Rogue. She had put her arms around me without knowing the first thing about me and had helped me without thinking twice about it. Plus, I liked her. Now that the gun had saved me from the police officers, I was even more bummed out for lecturing her about it. 
“Dimitar, mate, why aren’t you two answering?”
The radio in the car crackled, pulling me out of my reverie. I buzzed up the window and drove off. I was tempted to respond to the dispatcher and tell him exactly why Dimitar wasn’t responding, but I held back. It would be silly to show my hand. No one besides the two officers knew that I had commandeered a police car. I had done it once before, but that other time it was completely different – I was driving a wounded cop to the hospital. 
Overall, I had been in enough patrol cars to feel like a fish in water. Granted, I usually rode on the backseat and now I was behind the wheel, but that didn’t make me particularly happier.  
I turned right at the next corner and soon emerged on a more central town artery – in the sense that the windows of some houses were still lit up. My inner GPS was nudging me to make another right turn, which weirdly seemed illogical. I kept picturing the center of Rogue lying straight ahead. I decided that the street with the bright windows will cross a bigger artery at some point, which will in turn cross the main one and I’ll get to the town square that way. From there I would have no problems finding the path to freedom. 
I continued straight ahead and soon reached a major street, if the properly functioning street lighting was any indication. I kept checking for signboards. There had to be a distance sign somewhere around here with the name of a familiar town and the kilometers separating me from civilization and freedom.  
Yeah, right.  
What use would my friend the railway worker, for example, have for a distance sign? Like he needed to be directed to the station or Stara Zagora or Veliko Tarnovo? He probably could lead me wherever with his eyes closed. Lora, Stoyan, Cover Boy and every other resident of Rogue would have the same level of knowledge. You would never think to put signs pointing to the bathroom, the kitchen and the bedroom in your own home, right? 
I didn’t need signs either, to be honest. I was on the main street bisecting the town. Pretty soon, the ship-shaped building of the Rogue Town House, a sight for sore eyes, emerged. My eyes darted for only a second in its direction, but that was enough to tell me the lights in Ivan Zahariev’s office were on.  
“Dimi, get back to us!”  
Big-city police officers still play that game of code language over the radio: Sixth, this is dispatch, over or Unit 2 to base, copy. In small towns, they drop the formalities and address each other by last names: Aleksiev to Drunchilov, copy. But this was the first time I’d ever heard cops use first names in official communication, let alone shortened forms of those names.
If I answered right back, they would figure out I wasn’t Dimi and move quickly. Not to mention that my price tag would soar. Let’s see, what had I put on my resume so far?   
I had barged into the office of a respected businessman, but not before breaking his windshield without apparent reason and beating up his bodyguards. Then I had come into possession of a fake gun that I’d promptly used to threaten two uniformed police officers so I could rough them up, handcuff them to each other around a lamp post and make off with their car.  
What a nightmare. 
There was no judge in a thousand-kilometer radius who would believe I was the victim of an unfortunate confluence of events, if the case even got to court. 
On the other hand, if I just refrained from relaying messages over the radio, I would be safe in the police car – no one would expect the fugitive to be behind its wheel. Five more minutes and I would be outside the reach of Ivan Zahariev’s minions. The motor purred, the heating was on, the tank was almost half-full, a pine-shaped cardboard air freshener was swaying lazily underneath the mirror. 
It wasn’t half bad for early April. 
Soon, I left the last Rogue houses behind me. I stepped on the gas pedal and whizzed past the town sign with the name crossed by a red diagonal line. It looked bigger and cleaner in the glare of the headlights.  
I started up an incline and had to change down gears. On both sides of the road, narrow, rock-covered lanes quickly gave way to bushes. A crumbly steep slope bordered one side of the road, while the other was separated by a sparse row of bushes from the edge of a chasm. If an oncoming car tried to overtake another one, we would all end up in a jumble. Good thing the road was not that busy. Actually, there was no traffic whatsoever. No vehicle or a late traveler or even one of this morning’s cyclists in sight. 
Lights flickered in the distance. This had to be the train station. 
Small-town stations may not have a lot going for them, and there may be no more than three trains passing through on a daily basis, but those buildings are always bathed in light – inside and out. Maybe that was done so that newcomers couldn’t miss them. For a second I pondered whether I should get rid of the car, hide it in the bushes and hop on a night train. I would be drinking my coffee in Rousse, Gorna Oryahoviza or Veliko Tarnovo by the morning, wherever that train took me. 
My job opportunity in Rousse was long gone. I was out, as my recruiter buddy had warned me I would be if I didn’t get there by the next morning. It was all the same to me. I didn’t give a fig. All I wanted was to leave Rogue in my rearview mirror and lose myself in some big city. It didn’t really matter which, as long as it wasn’t Burgas. Of all big cities I’d been to, Burgas was the only place where they put some hideous swill before you and tried to convince you it is Lavazza. In an annoying twang. 
In the next moment, Lora’s warning came back to me even if you somehow got to the station, they wouldn’t let you get on a train. I scratched railway transport as an option. Either way, getting rid of the car would soon become a top priority. Paved roads are easy to block. I didn’t want to run into a roadblock in twenty kilometers. 
I was almost at the station when I felt a pang of anxiety. There were too many lights, too many buildings for a small-town station. Besides, I couldn’t remember ever seeing a railway station protected by barbed wire atop fencing. I slowed down and my inner voice started screaming something’s wrong, something’s wrong! I pulled to the side and stooped in the lay-by lane, with the motor still running. I wanted to take a look before I went any further. The road ahead passed under a metal arch towering over massive double gates. I finally noticed the pipes sticking above the gates, barely discernible against the dark sky of drooping clouds. The twisted metal formed words, of course, which in turn formed a very unfortunate name – Beech Mine. 
I was screwed! 
God damn it! 
I smacked the steering wheel in frustration. The radio station crackled again. 
“Why are you headed for the mine, Dimi?”
Oh, come on! 
Had those dudes really fitted the squad car with a GPS tracking device? Fate couldn’t be that cruel. Probably another police officer had spotted me speeding toward the mine and reported it. Apparently, the local cops weren’t in the habit of visiting Beech Mine. 
“Answer already!”
Great!  
Things couldn’t be going any better for me. I turned off the radio and the headlights. The mine was before me, the road behind me was about to be crawling with worried police officers, and to the left and right of me – forest covered the landscape as far as the eye could see. My first instinct was to dash through the trees and run until I was out of calories to burn. But Lora was right. I wouldn’t last long playing Bigfoot and the moment I came out in the open someone would see me. 
I stuck out like a sore thumb in Rogue and the surrounding area – I didn’t have workwear on, didn’t ride a bike, I projected intelligence and practically oozed charm. Those traits weren’t particularly good for fooling the locals or appeasing the police. So, the mine it was. 
Once upon a time, I used to read a lot of books, including science fiction. Actually, it was mostly science fiction for me. I wasn’t interested in Winnetou, Captain Nemo, Tom Sawyer or Robin Hood. I had never felt envious of Old Shatterhand or Sandokan. I dreamt of being next to Thor Heyerdahl in his adventurous transoceanic sails or to Joy Adamson among the big cats in the African bush. I used to walk out of the library with four books, that was the limit, and return them a week later, ready to delve into the next four. One of the books featured an exceptional series of prints called Suicide of a Deer. It showed a pack of wolves chasing a deer through a cold autumn forest. The hunted animal is fast, but getting exhausted. The bushes ahead suddenly part and the deer finds itself at the edge of a rock, staring into a black morass below. The deer is teetering there in a moment of hesitation – the morass will swallow it, while the quickly approaching, snarling wolves will devour it. Even now I could see their feral eyes, their tongues hanging out between bared teeth. The deer’s nostrils flare, as its labored breaths turn into steam in the cold. There is stark fear and desperation in its eyes. The poor animal jumps, even though it knows death awaits on the other side. But the wolves would tear its flesh to pieces, at least the morass offers some hope of survival, however improbable. 
I was that deer and the mine was my only logical choice. 

14. 
Outside the mine’s gates, there was a parking lot with about a dozen cars. What looked like a hothouse stood at the far end. I parked the police car in its shade without turning the headlights back on.  
I’d never had to walk into a mine complex before. Those had always struck me as hellscape tourist attractions. Although, I’d seen the giant, funnel-shaped crater of the Spruce Forest Mine from a high vantage point at a great distance. I’d also passed by the poisonous turquoise lakes that replaced the old Medet Mine. I’d even swam in an open-pit mine called Fir-Tree or Grove or something. It wasn’t the same thing, though. Picking your teeth doesn’t qualify as dental work, as we used to say in my neighborhood, Poduene. 
The lamps over the gates illuminated a small perimeter on both sides of the fence. I approached carefully, prepared for anything, seeing as the mine complex had security. I didn’t know who was in that booth at the gates – a grumpy retired colonel who still practiced the Gen. Dobri Dzhurov -era statutes of the Bulgarian Armed Forces or a wannabe Vin Diesel bursting with energy and vengefulness. Maybe I would luck out and get a drunken middle-aged man blasting Serbian folk music from a TV channel. I crossed my fingers the police was yet to contact the security here and warn them about a potential loose cannon headed their way. That wish turned out a moot point. The booth was empty. 
The only logical explanation for that was nature’s call. The small structure couldn’t be bigger than two by two meters – just enough to fit a chair, a table and a filing-cabinet with several monitors on top. A restroom was out of the question. The guard had probably left his post to relieve himself. On the other hand, why would the entrance to the mine complex have security in the first place? After all, that wasn’t some nightclub in Pernik .  
The only visitors were Rogue miners, in other words locals. And none of the locals would dare to do something stupid. Not on Ivan Zahariev’s property anyway. So maybe the booth was meant for the benefit of Ministry of Labor and Social Policies inspecting officers. 
That’s when I thought back to the railway worker. Are you looking for work?
Aha! 
So outsiders did come to work in the mine after all. People generally move in search of better income and mining jobs are traditionally well-paid. But the miners I had met were all solid, real dudes. I couldn’t picture any of them trashing VIP Mining property. I was back to wondering why the mine complex needed this level of security – a checkpoint, a barrier, padlocks and barbed wire. 
I gave up and filed the whole conundrum under the all-the-same-to-me category.
I crossed the illuminated area and disappeared into the darkness.
A desolate plateau spread before me, surrounded by the dark silhouettes of the nearby hills. Straight ahead and to the right was a curious bunch of buildings and facilities. Their lights were what I’d seen from the road. Now I knew why the street lamps in Rogue were so rarely functional – this place sucked all the electricity. When they put up the Christmas decorations, it would really be a sight.  
The ground beneath my feet was hard and gravelly. The entire landscape was devoid of greenery, not a branch rustling or swaying in sight. Although, rustling wasn’t something I would’ve picked up on at that moment. Somewhere ahead, people were busy at work. A veritable symphony of industrial noises assaulted my ears from that direction – clattering, rumbling, whistling and roaring.  
About a hundred paces later, I could make out the images of two hangars, a shelter, four warehouses or workshops, a row of tall garages – probably meant for trucks – and a five-story rectangular building. As I got closer, the noises grew louder, interspersed with voices that I felt more than I heard. I pictured equipment with huge, spiked cylinders spinning and grounding the mined pieces of rock into much smaller chunks and spitting them out onto conveyer belts that then carried them to enrichment complex. 
I sound knowledgeable, right? 
I don’t know the first thing about mining actually. Mining and geological processes had always been Greek to me, never been particularly interested in ores and minerals either (also on my list of least fascinating stuff – useless species like rednecks, chalga lovers and generic boors). But when I peeked through the dirty windows of the hangar, my interest was immediately piqued. 
There were two large machines inside, and not just in comparison to toasters or something. I had operated lathes, mills and CNC machinery so I knew a thing or two about the heavy-hitters of machine tools. But these set-ups were two and even three times larger than that. Three by four meters maybe, I wasn’t sure as they were at the far end of the hangar. A forklift was buzzing between the machines and dumping the contents of big metal baskets into their bellies. I couldn’t see what was that stuff, but each dump was accompanied by piercing clanging. I only caught a glimpse of several pieces of metal. They looked like metal pipes, but they were too far away and the hangar lighting was too weak to tell for sure. 
The machines rumbled on, turning the unidentified material into piles of chunks with a grating sound. Maybe those were some cutting installations after all. What else could they be with those sacks attached at the end? Two workers performed the task of fixing the sacks to some clamps and replacing them with new ones once they filled up. Judging by the way the workers struggled lugging them around, the tied-up sacks were pretty heavy and they weren’t even filled to the brim. The hangar was packed with sacks stacked up along the walls. 
The whole process reminded me of a fodder shredder – you feed it dry corn stalks and you get ground substance and even press cake on the other end. The difference was here the raw material was pieces of metal. 
All the workers were so practiced in their movement that they operated in complete synchronicity without even looking around. From up-close the cacophony was deafening and yet they weren’t wearing earmuffs. No hard hats, goggles or even basic paper facemasks either, even though the air in the hangar was filled with dust and the pungent smell of metal. Real tough guys those workers. They obviously liked living on the edge, what with all the personal protective equipment that lay ignored on a long shelf in one corner.    
The forklift left the hangar and headed for the shelter, where several layers of metal baskets were stacked on top of each other. The forks slid beneath one and loaded it onto the carriage before the forklift drove back to the hangar and dumped the contents with a chorus of clanging. 
Two of the workers dropped the full sack they had been carrying. A myriad of tiny metal shreds spilled out. Yellow and sparkling. 
Well, I’ll be damned! 
I was willing to bet that was gold! 
But the workers’ reaction screamed I was wrong. If that was really gold, a handful of those shiny pieces would cost more than a year’s worth of pay for the miners. So why would they toil here instead of stuffing their pockets and disappearing?    
Then again, this escaping thing might not be so easy. I knew I was still working on it.  
The workers swept the scattered pieces back into the sack, retied it and dragged it to the rest. Something in their walk and clothing felt familiar. Then it dawned on me – I had seen something similar on TV. The hangar, the machines, the workers, everything – it was a program about recycling old cars. 
Huh!
That would explain the absence of cars on the streets of Rogue. Ivan Zahariev had built a facility for the forceful recycling of the locals’ beat-up Opels and Fords.  
I couldn’t stop thinking about the gold. What if the whole operation was about mining gold ore? I pictured the drilling equipment excavating huge chunks of ore and dropping them into the metal baskets. I had seen drills in action before. So that’s what those long things I had mistaken for pipes were, then. Ivan Zahariev had literally struck gold. Assholes like him always get lucky for some reason. 
If the sacks were stuffed with gold, there were tons of it in the hangar, which meant tens and even hundreds of millions of bucks. With this kind of wealth, this place should have been humming with people like in the days of the Klondike gold rush. Was that why Ivan Zahariev was trying to keep aliens away from Rogue? This much gold could drive even the most virtuous of people mad with greed. 
 No, that wasn’t it. Just didn’t add up.  
This operation didn’t look crisp-enough for gold production – the type of business where every tiny chip cost a lot. The set-up should be cleaner, more precise and better protected than that. 
But what did I know? Not much about mining, that was for sure. Besides, I couldn’t care less about Ivan Zahariev’s business. I had more urgent problems to solve than puzzling over this mystery anyway. I walked around the hangar and studied the other buildings. The workers were so engrossed in their job that they wouldn’t notice me if I pranced around buck naked. They had no chance of registering my presence in all that noise and dust.   
A few dark silhouettes that I’d missed earlier were discernible beyond the illuminated buildings. Something resembling a tower or a chimney, a passage leading at a strange angle to the nearby buildings – more warehouses or workshops, I guessed – and tall concrete walls framing huge piles of something. On the other side of the piles was a tunnel entrance. It looked like one of the highway tunnels at the Vitinya Pass, only smaller and not so brightly lit.
I had about ten minutes before the police and the thugs showed up. Five more until they found out I was here. That would be game over for me. 
I could hide somewhere in the hangars or workshops and hope they wouldn’t find me. They would. I could scurry into the tunnel and play a game of hide-and-seek until I drop dead of starvation and exhaustion, lost in the Beech Mine galleries. I could find a truck with the ignition key left inside and try to escape that way. Unless there were a bunch of excavators parked behind those tall sheet-metal garage doors. Not that trying to leave Rogue on one of those things was completely out of the question, but speed kind of matters when it comes to escapes. Was it possible that the miners kept their bikes there? 
The door to the second garage was dented and didn’t close snugly. I snuck inside and plastered myself to the wall. Now I knew what dark as pitch meant. The impenetrable darkness around me smelled of motor oil and petro-diesel as if I were in a fuel warehouse. Or better yet – a fuel tank where the air was heavy with highly combustible fumes. I pulled out my lighter and thought long and hard before I rolled the spark-wheel down.    
I calculated I had all of three seconds to scan the interior. If anyone happened to look in my direction, they could conceivably take the flash of light as a reflection. Half a minute of using the lighter might be risky. 
In the weak light of the flame, the darkness melted into shapes and forms to reveal an almost entirely empty room, save for a few shelves lining the dirty walls, a couple of tall metal cabinets and a table with two chairs in the center. About a dozen plastic crates full of spare parts were lying around the place. The table was covered in newspapers. A set of old, grimy miner’s clothes had been tossed across the back of one chair. My three seconds were over so I put the lighter away.  
Then I had an epiphany. 
No matter how I chose to make my escape from the mine complex and Rogue, I had to blend in with the locals first.
I took off my jeans and jacket, folded them, placed them on the table and wrapped them in newspapers. I went over to a rusty cabinet and used the lighter to inspect inside. There was nothing there except for cobwebs and patches of dried up rust. I put the bundle of clothes inside and closed the door with a torturous squeal. 
I had to feel my way back to the miner’s clothes and dress in the impenetrable darkness. I put on the overalls and buttoned up the sides. The jacket was a bit tight on me, but parting ways with the sweater underneath was not an option – the night was only going to get colder. The game was only going to get rougher. I rummaged in the plastic crates, then scratched my nose, chin and cheeks, smearing some grime on my face. Now I looked like a real member of the proletariat. Even that smartass at the station wouldn’t be able to recognize me.  
I walked out of the garage and scanned the perimeter. The ants were still busy at work, engrossed in their small world. The machine-tool symphony was still blaring. I wanted to put on earmuffs, but that would make me stick out among the workers.  
I went back to the hangar and walked in as if I were on a Sunday afternoon stroll in the park. I headed for the long shelf in the corner with the effortless confidence of someone who did that daily. I picked up a bunch of gear and walked back out just as casually. No one interrupted their work or paid attention to me. I was one of them.   
Outside, I stopped in the darkness behind the corner of the building to put on all the stuff I’d grabbed. The hard hat suspension was a little too tight and I couldn’t fasten the strap, but at least the gloves fit perfectly. I wanted to cover as much of my face as I could, but wearing both the goggles and the facemask proved a challenge. The clear goggles weren’t much of a cover so I left them by the hangar wall. 
No doubt I looked like a complete idiot with all that disguise. It occurred to me that I might have made myself even more conspicuous than if I still had my denim jacket on. The workers here didn’t wear hard hats or gloves, let alone any of that other stuff. I felt like an inept undercover agent. I took in the landscape – the plateau and the surrounding peaks. The clouds hung low to the ground, still threatening rain even though it hadn’t rained a drop since I got to town. 

15. 
A siren split the air – a loud, sustained and clear sound. 
Uh-oh!
That was the universal alert for an emergency situation.  
What impending disaster could have the hard-working people of Rogue all panicking? Let’s see, was it a) a tsunami bearing down on the town, b) a tornado whirling its way here, or c) an arrogant newcomer who had dared to disrespect the local overlord, then handle two police officers, steal their car and hide in the mine complex?  
I crept to the pile of timber opposite the hangar and waited there. No point in running before I knew where the danger was coming from. 
The wail of the siren died down in the crisp night air. The machinery relentlessly cutting blocks of gold to tiny pieces went silent too. The robot ants ceased their hectic activity and filed out of the hangar as if this was a practice drill. They shuffled along the wall and gathered some ten paces away from the hangar entrance to have a smoke. The red cigarette ends flashed in the gloom – I counted eleven, which meant the forklift operator had also left his position. They were talking loudly, which I took as a sign of progressive loss of hearing caused by the deafening noise levels at their workplace. Still, I couldn’t catch what they were saying because a warm, damp breeze was carrying their words away. 
Before they were even done smoking, more workers emerged from the tunnel in droves. They were probably a hundred, maybe even a hundred and fifty. Another unit of busy ants who toiled in inhumane conditions for the sole purpose of filling the pockets of Ivan Zahariev. They formed a grim procession to the complex gates. The hangar workers joined them.   
It suddenly hit me – the siren wasn’t about raising the alarm. The piercing sound had signaled the end of the workday.  
As might have been expected from people slaving in the underground galleries, most miners had hard hats on and some even wore masks, just like me. As I studied them, one man removed his facemask, leaving it to dangle from one ear. Another folded the safety goggles and tucked them inside his jacket pocket. Most left their hard hats on. This was my big chance and I couldn’t afford to miss it. I left my cover and bent down as if to tie my shoes. I waited for the first group of miners to pass me by, then stood up and merged with the crowd. 
Besides risky, the job was obviously exhausting, a reality punctuated by the miners forlorn silence. All I heard was the sound of their heavy footsteps on the gravely plateau… crunch, crunch, crunch. There was no talking, no jokes, no laughs. We marched in dejected unison like soldiers returning home after an inglorious defeat on the field of battle.     
On the parking lot outside the complex gates, headlights cut into the darkness, engines started rumbling. The miners were getting into their cars – two, three and in some cases five in one vehicle – and heading to town. There was no way the dozen or so cars there could fit the entire team, though. The rest were probably going home on foot or huddling by the fence for a short sleep before going back to the mine at the crack of dawn. 
Correction. 
What I’d mistaken for a hothouse earlier turned out to be a bike shelter. There were all sorts of bicycles – from mountain bikes to road bikes, sports and competition bikes, regular commuting bikes and even one that boasted three tires and what looked like a trailer.   
The miners were picking up their own versions of that preferred mode of transportation in Rogue and riding down the steep road to town. It felt like I was watching a parody of Bulgaria’s biggest cycling race. It was novel experience, being among so many cheerless people. 
I was standing outside the “hothouse”, mulling my options, while the others nudged and pushed me out of their way. I could wait out the last of the miners and see if there would be a bike left to appropriate. There was no way the “hothouse” would end up completely empty. Surely, someone would opt to jump into a car with fellow miners this time or simply turn out to have more than one bicycle.     
I stepped more to the side to get out of the miners’ way. The police car was still where I’d left it. But there was another patrol car next to it, doors were open. Two officers were roaming around with flashlights as if looking for tracks or clues. They had zero chance of finding something on the parking lot, but that certainly didn’t stop them from peering into the ground. Those two didn’t seem to be the same policemen I’d cuffed around the lamp post. Even if it were them, they wouldn’t be able to recognize me, flashlights or not. I was just a miner eager to go home. Yet, I instinctively backed off… and stepped on someone. I turned around to apologize and was confronted with a grumpy-looking mountain of a man. He was leaning against his bike and rolling up the legs of his overalls so that the fabric wouldn’t get caught in the chain. His face was as grimy as mine. I mumbled some apology and turned away. I didn’t want unnecessary attention. But the miner was clearly in a talkative mood because he tapped me on my shoulder. 
“Are you one of the new ones?”
I had no idea how to respond since I didn’t know if being one of the new ones was good or bad. 
“Do you have transport home?”
I kept looking at him in silence. I was waiting to see where he was going with this. 
“I’m Encho” he volunteered, going for a handshake. “From Seventh.” 
I took off my gloves to shake his hand, but smartly didn’t provide my name. I prefer omission to outright lies. 
“Here,” Encho pushed his bike toward me. “Take it.” 
“What?”
“You can’t walk all the way back, right?” 
I looked around suspiciously, wondering what the catch was. 
“What about you?” 
“No worries. Ginyo will give me a ride,” he said, waving in the general direction of the parking lot. 
One driver honked as if to confirm my new and unexpected friend’s words. I didn’t know what to say and settled for what life had thought me always worked in such situations. 
“Thank you.”
“You’re welcome. Just make sure you give it back to me tomorrow.” 
“OK.”
“Hurry up now,” the miner said, looking up to the sky. “It looks like rain.”
I put my hands on the handlebar grips and mounted the bike. I placed my right foot on the pedal and kept the left one on the ground for support. I hadn’t ridden a bike for years. There was a chance I was in for a clumsy circus bear act. 
The miners had almost scattered – the last dozen or so cyclists were just setting off. Only one car with its headlights on remained at the parking lot, not counting the two police vehicles. 
Horrified, I watched Encho walk past the impatient driver and over to the police officers. He greeted them in a way that showed familiarity and they stopped their weak search to chat with him. One officer lit a cigarette. 
I worked the pedals furiously and was soon on the road. I’d been given a pretty nice mountain bike. The steep descent was helping with momentum and soon the night air was whistling in my ears. The tread on the tires started buzzing along the smooth asphalt, the bike was taking me to freedom at fifty kilometers per hour. The mine complex lights quickly receded and I was plunged into dark, murky surroundings. 

16. 
The pretty good mountain bike didn’t have a headlight. I was practically riding blind. My only indication about where the road ended to either side of me were the treetops outlined against the sky. Wide white bands were painted along the edges of the road, but they had to be a good number of decades old. No crash barriers or broken lines in the middle of the road. My eyes got accustomed to the darkness enough for me to discern an approaching turn, but if there was a pothole somewhere ahead, I was going to hit that sucker and hurl down the road. Scrapes, bruises, breaks – the whole nine yards. The same outcome could be expected if a deer jumped out in front of the bike or a rock rolled onto the asphalt ahead. The hard hat could save me some injuries or fly off my head midair because of the loose strap. After a while, I decided worrying was pointless, relaxed and left it all to luck. I flew down the road light as a feather. 
Had the miner told the cops about me by now? Had he given me the bike to make sure I kept to the roads until the police caught up with me, their blue lights flashing? Or was Rogue full of decent people like him, Stoyan and Lora – some sort of silent resistance to the vileness Ivan Zahariev was piling on them?  
Whatever it was, I could only speculate at this point. Lost as I was in thought, it took me a beat to realize the road had entered a flat area. In the far distance, the street lamps of Rogue were glimmering few and far between. The air carried the faint scent of smoke, telling me the punier of the locals still fired up their wood-burning stoves even though it was early April. People in mountain towns generally enjoy robust health and fire up their stoves only as a last resort. Walking the streets of Tryavna, Koprivshtiza and Chepelare on a bitterly cold November night, you’re almost guaranteed to meet a young woman with, like, a t-shirt and a vest on. I don’t buy that the cold doesn’t bother them. I’m more inclined to think they’re really stubborn. And here I was, wearing a sweater and a jacket, and already feeling the cold.       
The closer I got to Rogue, the more the smell of smoke mingled with that of barns. I could even hear the restless mooing of cows. Or was I imagining it? At some point, I must have passed by the town sign without noticing it in the dark. 
It felt colder here in the open space. My upper body was warm enough in the sweater, but my knees were getting chilled and all that spinning of the pedals wasn’t exactly helping the situation. Workwear is supposed to protect from cold and wind, but the overalls I had were so old and threadbare that they would barely serve as protection from sunlight.      
I rode past the first houses and into the more developed part of Rogue without slowing down. Nothing had changed in the hour and a half that I’d been out of town. There were no people walking home late, no open cafes or shops, no sign of nightlife whatsoever. The lamps along the main street were the only indication that people actually lived here.   
The Town Hall was illuminated by two large floodlights, not that that improved its aesthetics any. The VIP Mining office building next door stood out like a diamond among two-by-fours. The two buildings had nothing in common except for being empty right now.  
The street took a wide turn to what my internal GPS told me was east. If I had listened to it last time, I wouldn’t have ended up in the mine complex and waste so much of my precious time hiding and wandering about. 
I thought about dropping by Stoyan’s house. God only knew what had happened to him in the meantime, to Lora. Walls had ears in this town, nothing staid secret for long. Maybe someone had seen us from behind a lace curtain in their dreary little home. And if there was one, there were bound to be a dozen – a sample large enough to include an Ivan Zahariev snitch. Lora could be in trouble. The problem was I doubted she slept at the information center and I didn’t know where she lived.    
I’d just met both her and Stoyan, but I really cared about them. We’d already had some bonding experiences. And yet, of all the emotions Rogue inspired in me, my desire to leave overpowered them all. And so I listened to its call.  
If I had the right idea about Rogue geography, the paved road traced a wide curve through the picturesque valley, with the town nestled in its crook. On the west end of the valley, the curve climbed toward Beech Mine, where the road ended, and to the east – the curve stretched languidly to the railway station, beyond which the road flowed into the main road. Once there, I would have to decide between heading north to Veliko Tarnovo or south to Stara Zagora. That would be a choice by coin flip. I patted the pocket of my overalls, which held my entire property – the folded bill, the two coins, my ID card, my address book, the lighter, the safety deposit box key and the pack of gum. 
I was mad about my jeans and jacket. They still had some tread on their tires left, could have lasted me until the fall, at least. Oh, well… Maybe some miner would find them and make use of them before they decomposed in that rusty cabinet.  
Not counting the clothes hitch, everything had gone shockingly well. Good luck isn’t something I can normally rely on. Slipping thugs, police officers and all sorts of sadistic types isn’t exactly my forte either. Maybe Ivan Zahariev had put a spell on me with his quip in the morning. Maybe it was my lucky day indeed.      
I felt like smiling, but fought the impulse. I was still in enemy territory, as a Hollywood action hero might say. 
I started pedaling harder and within minutes the neat little houses gave way to one-story exposed brick homes. Thankfully, Rogue was no Toronto and the suburbs were far from sprawling.   
I hadn’t seen much sign of life the whole way here. If I had a tail, they were being pretty stealth about it. Unlikely. No, my chasers were either focused on searching the Beech Mine galleries or not that much in a hurry to catch me because the bounty on my head was too measly even for Rogue standards. That was fine with me. I was going to sneak out of town unnoticed.  
The hell I was!  
Some fifty paces away from the last row of houses, a police car was parked across the road, its blue lights flashing. A uniformed officer stood in front of the car. Scratch that, he was pacing and talking on the phone. He was doing a lot of nodding and shoulder shrugging as if the person on the other side could see him. His partner was probably in the car, desperately searching for a radio station playing his kind of music. 
A blockade.  
Great!  
At least I’d spotted it from afar, which gave me enough time to halt and take cover before the cops could see me. I stopped and lowered my right leg to the sidewalk for support. I suddenly felt really, really tired. 
“No idea where they are,” the policeman said, gesticulating. “They’re not with us.”
It was a quiet night and his words glided along the asphalt, clear and silvery. The other person’s response was not audible. I only heard the cop’s side of the conversation. 
“I told you, they found the car, but the guys weren’t there.”
“How should I know where they are?”
“Did I see who pass?” 
“Twenty-one.”
“Yeah, he’s here. Dobrev is here too.”
“Keep our eyes peeled, got it. Bye.”
There was no believable explanation I could give the cops as to where I was going. I was riding a bike at night, alone and I wasn’t even drunk. Clever ideas are hard to come by when you’re closing in on more than twenty-four hours without sleep. I still managed to whip up a few. I could take the cops off my scent by reporting a suspicious man in denim jacket and jeans breaking into the VIP Mining offices. I could distract them by setting a couple of deserted houses on fire. Yeah, that wouldn’t work any better than dressing up like a hinny and trotting by the blockade. Ditching the mountain bike and making a detour through the fields on foot seemed the only sensible option. 
I left the bike on the side of the road and snuck to the brick wall encircling the last house. The spot gave me a vantage point to the entire eastern periphery of the valley. The flashing police lamp was the lone source of light so it took me a while to study the landscape, but I had to be sure before I took off. 
Then I realized I wouldn’t be going anywhere. 
Bypassing the policemen was impossible unless I was willing to walk a wide half-circle all the way through the mine complex. Men in camouflage uniforms were posted about a hundred meters apart on both sides of the road, a posse of wolf hunters. They were after a particular lone wolf. At first, I mistook them for scarecrows in the whirling snippets of blue light. But scarecrows do not carry shotguns and they definitely don’t smoke. A couple of red dots glowed in the darkness. God knew how many more armed non-smokers were lying in wait in the fields. If even one of them caught sight of me or heard my footsteps, the entire gang, and pretty soon the entire town, would chase after me. 
No, thanks.  
I retraced my footsteps and sat in the grass where I’d left the mountain bike. 
Bastard! 
Ivan Zahariev’s people outnumbered me a-heck-of-a-lot to one. These lunatics had not only blocked the town exit, but created a human chain to bar the entire valley! How long were they willing to wait me out? From what I knew of Cover Boy’s methods, the hunters, or whatever they were, weren’t moving from their spots till further notice.    
I had no more energy to fight this crazy town. All I wanted was to lie down and catch some sleep before I made any decisions. Better yet – to fall into a deep, healing sleep and wake up to find out Rogue was no longer there. There was one problem. I couldn’t sleep on the street or on a park bench. I would freeze to death before morning, plus I didn’t like the chances of attracting unwanted attention. This wasn’t Varna, people sleeping on benches were probably not a common sight. 
I didn’t like the idea of sneaking into the information center. I had already dragged Lora into this mess enough. As for Stoyan… I didn’t want to get him into more trouble either. Honestly. 
On the other hand, the only two people I knew in town and trusted not to turn me in were Lora and Stoyan.  
I circled back to the park bench option. My drifter’s instincts were telling me it was about to rain. The clouds had been threatening rain since noon so it was only a matter of time. I rejected the thought of adding wet clothes to all the negatives of my situation. No, thanks.  
I looked up at the sticky sky and spat in its general direction. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw the hospital overlooking Rogue. Several windows on the first floor were still lit, inviting me. Spend the night in the hospital? 
Why not? Wouldn’t be my first time.  
Big-city hospitals are some of the busiest places at nighttime. I’d worked as a janitor so I would know. Even on my quietest night shifts, hospital corridors were teeming with people – injured, drunk, stoned, beaten up, hit by a car, burned, cut, vomiting, etc. In small towns, however, the local hospital is the sleepiest public place opened twenty-four hours a day. If I managed to sneak in, no one would bother me there through the night.   
No matter how hard I tried to think of other options, my brain refused to cooperate. I was at the edge of Rogue and on the verge of exhaustion. All I heard was the voice of the idiot in me go back, go back, laddie. 
I got on the bike and headed back to the town center. 

17. 
I couldn’t ride the bike all the way to the hospital, but I didn’t want to leave it on the street either. I figured petty crime had been eradicated in Rogue. My guess was the locals didn’t even bother to lock their houses or get their aired laundry off the clothesline before going to bed. That is life in small towns with one road running through them. If I parked the mountain bike in the square, it would still be there two days later. In the meantime, someone would notice it, recognize it as Encho’s bike and tell him to go get it. Still, the idea didn’t sit well with me. Responding to kindness with disregard wasn’t right. Good deeds were so hard to come by these days. 
I decided to hide the bike behind the information enter. As if some absentminded visitor had left it there. It seemed sensible. Plus, the center was on my way. 
After propping the bike against the wall of the Revival Period house, I crossed the cobblestone street and walked down one alley of the park with the broken bench and all of two lamps. Actually, only one of them was in order and it was barely flickering. Still, there was enough light to see where the steep path to the hospital’s back entrance started.   
My leg muscles were tense from the bike ride so climbing those steps had me huffing and puffing. I didn’t bother counting, but they couldn’t be more than two hundred. I took the last ones crab-style, just as I had descended them that morning. 
I emerged at the concrete lot with the three dumpsters. No one had bothered to collect the garbage and now the stench was even stronger. As was the aroma of greenery. For some reason, pine forests are the locations of hospitals in many mountain towns. There has to be some medicinal properties to the smell of pine resin – soothing the nerves or lifting the patient’s spirits perhaps… It was a miracle no one had developed some weird resin therapy yet. I could only imagine the protocol – Let’s get naked! Let’s slather resin all over our bodies! Let’s finish together! One, two, three! 
See, that smell was starting to get to me.   
The back door was locked. I tried the handle, pressed, pulled, pushed… nothing. Ivan Zahariev must have figured out that was where I’d slipped out so he’d promptly ordered the exit walled up. The lifeless body of the chief physician was probably built in the brick and mortar. 
Just kidding. 
In the province, working hours have sacred power. The end of the workday means the world stops, at least until the next morning. Doors are locked, rolling shutters are pulled down and padlocks are clicked as if these places will never be opened again. Time for Plan B(ack to the front).
I crept past the dumpsters and, after checking to make sure the parking lot was empty, snuck to the main entrance. I had to be quiet and careful from here on out to avoid dealing with doctors and nurses. 
To my surprise, that door turned out to be locked too. Oh, come on! What the hell were they protecting so vigilantly, the fifty-year-old equipment inside or the cabinets full of bandages and antiseptics?  
I was sure that the hospital had at least one doctor and one nurse on duty, maybe a janitor and a security guy too. This was likely the only medical facility in a fifteen to thirty-kilometer radius. People were hospitalized, given first aid and performed emergency procedures on at all hours of the day… There had to be medical professionals working night shifts.  
If I was lucky enough, they would be doing the dirty in some supply room. 
Unlikely.  
Not that those things don’t happen in small towns. Just the opposite, people hump like wild rabbits there. Often times they don’t even care to keep their affairs a secret. It is all out in the open and no one minds it. Propriety just means not doing it in town, ever. So the shenanigans take place in forests and fields, a nearby town, a neighboring country even – depends on how horny the lovers are – but it is all done pretty discreet. 
My guess was the hospital staff on duty were all asleep. 
There was a doorbell. I could press it, wake the doctor up and ask him to let me in so I could have some sleep too. I mean, what with all the empty beds they had… But buzzing the doorbell meant showing my face, which was not ideal. 
The beads of sweat on my back were starting to dry out. Had I walked across town and up that steep path just to find the hospital all locked up?! Where was my good fortune? Or had the clock stricken midnight already? 
I had to find a way to get in. 
There wasn’t a soul in sight so I decided to go around the building and try every door. I was still doing that when I heard a TV on in one of the examination rooms. The sounds traveled through the closed window. At first, I thought people inside were quarreling, but as I listened in, it became clear that the scourge of Turkish TV series had not spared Rogue either. 
“What do you even see in her?”
“She’s different.”
Two male characters were having a talk to the accompaniment of oriental thrills. 
“Different, you say?”
“Yes, different and extraordinary.”
“Nonsense! She seems perfectly ordinary.”
“She makes me feel like a real man.”
“Have you slept with her yet?”
“That’s not what I meant, Ilker.”
“Have you slept with her yet?”
“I…”
“How can you say she makes you feel like a real man when you haven’t even touched her?”
“You don’t get it, Ilker. She… she has no idea how much I like her.”
“You haven’t told her?”
“She can’t find out about it. She can’t even see us together.”
“Nonsense!”
An excited female voice interrupted the conversation.
“Ilker, Tarik! I’m so glad to see you.”
A sharp jingle cut the scene off for a dollop of enticing commercials. I went back to my lap around the building. I hadn’t turned the corner yet, when I literally caught whiff of my potential way into the hospital. A smell of stale urine reached me and I remembered the restroom where I’d hidden from the engineer’s boys. The restroom. The stench. The broken window. Five seconds later, I was in. It might have been six because of how restrictive the miner’s jacket was.  
I squirmed headfirst through the open window. In the process, the hard hat slipped off my head and clattered to the floor. I jumped on my feet, grabbed it and press my body to the wall by the door. It would take no more than a minute for anyone who had heard the commotion to come check what was going on. Two minutes passed before I could take a deep breath. It wasn’t a particularly pleasant experience given the air quality in the restroom. 
I walked out into the hallway on the first floor and looked around. Only one lamp at each end was working – right before me and in the foyer. Logic said the doctor on duty would have a ground-floor examination room to best serve patients in need of urgent care. At least that is how big hospitals do it. The most sensible thing was to find myself a room out of sight and earshot. To the top floor it was. Just as I was about to head down the hallway, I thought to take off my shoes – I didn’t want to make that horrible sound from my nightmares. 
I padded barefoot to a coffee vending machine in the foyer. My mouth watered, but it was better to wait and have coffee in the morning. If I pumped caffeine into my system now, I wouldn’t be able to sleep a wink. Not to mention that the machine buzzing may wake a hospital staffer up. No, better to leave that treat for the morning. 
I felt sheer pleasure walking barefoot up the cold stairs. The coolness felt like a caress to my tortured soles. Add to that the grainy dirt covering the steps and the sensations was like getting a massage. 
On the last floor, the only lamp on was outside the restroom. It was a luminescent fixture of my favorite kind – the buzzing, flickering one. The other end of the hallway was dark and quiet. I figured there was a foyer there, similar to the first-floor plan. 
The only unlocked door, not counting the wide open one of the restroom, was that of the janitors’ supply room. The small space was full of cleaning equipment – two plastic buckets, a broom, cleaners, a mop with a wooden stick and empty trash bags. There was a glass ashtray on the windowsill, a blanket was slung over a short cabinet for a makeshift bench.          
At least the foyer suited me fine. Once my eyes got accustomed to the darkness, I saw the hallway ended with it. There were no stairs, which meant I would have to go back to the restroom to go down to the ground floor. There were no windows either, just walls covered in light-colored paneling. On the plus side, there was a small wooden table flanked by a footstool and two big real-leather armchairs that looked ancient. A ficus planted in a plastic bucket stood forlorn in one corner. The air was stale and smelled of antibiotics. 
This was definitely my spot for the night. 
I arranged the two armchairs to face each other and put the footstool between them. Now I had a pretty nice bed. I went back to the supply room for the blanket. I took off and folded my jacket and covered my shoes with it to make a pillow. 
I hadn’t had a good night’s sleep in days. I’d managed to steal a couple of hours here and there – in the cabin of a rickety truck, under a rusty shelter by the side of the road, behind the yard wall of a crumbling church, on that stinky train, on the hard wooden bench at the Rogue station and, finally, the sofa at the information center. After that entire ordeal, the foyer on the top floor of the hospital felt like checking in at Hilton. I stretched out and fell into the soothing embrace of deep sleep, letting the earth spin without me for a while.

18. 
Even if I’d dreamt something that night, I had no memory of it in the morning. It felt like I’d dozed off for a couple of minutes. But when I opened my eyes, the hallway was much brighter and a gruff voice was coming from one of the rooms on the floor. I strained to pick up what the man was saying, but I couldn’t make out the words in the monologue, even though the voice sounded loud and clear. At some point it became obvious to me that the man was talking on the phone. His cell phone, judging by the fact that he kept talking after leaving the room. His clipped words – yes, OK, uh-huh, no, OK, send him to me, I’ll wait, bye – echoed down the hallway. Then he hung up, leaving the crunching of his shoes as the only sound. His steps receded.
I had overslept. 
My plan had been to get up at daybreak and sneak out before the hospital started humming with doctors and patients. Now the chances of running into people in the hallway were a hundred percent. Even higher, since I was bound to cross paths with some of them twice. 
My makeshift bed couldn’t have been further away from the exit. That meant I had to navigate at least two hallways to get out. No way I could climb out of the restroom window in the middle of the day. Casually walking out the front door wasn’t realistic either. My hope was that the door to the concrete lot with the three dumpsters would be open again. Would’ve been nice if I could just leap ninja-style from the third floor onto one of the pine trees surrounding the hospital. With my skills being what they were, though, I was doomed to crack a few bones and fall at the mercy of the local trauma unit, praying it was decent. 
I’m not one to get stuck on the negatives for long. Case in point: at least I was still wearing the miner’s clothing, which could prove useful. I got up, folded the blanket and placed it on the table. I put my shoes, jacket and hard hat on. I strode down the hallway with the confidence of someone heading to a cover shoot for Mining Magazine. I got to the lower floor without hiccups. A chorus of voices traveled up the stairs and bounced off the walls. It wasn’t a quarrel, just a bunch of different voices speaking at the same time. 
It suddenly hit me that the streets of Rogue were missing not only cars, but people too. Yesterday I had encountered about a dozen locals total. Where were all the other residents? I had assumed that most were working at the mine complex and the rest were asleep, recovering for their next shift. It wasn’t until I’d descended one more floor that the truth hit me like a ton of bricks – they were all here, at the hospital. 
The hallway wasn’t particularly long – six examination rooms on the right side and five on the left, plus the restroom. There were lines of patients waiting outside two of the doors – old men with canes and old women with headscarves, mothers holding crying babies, and students glued to their cell phones. The only ones missing were the miners. Perhaps all able-bodied Rogue residents were truly in the mine galleries at that early hour. 
People cast cursory glances my way, but kept talking. I was used to conversations ceasing the moment I show up anywhere in a small town. But the locals probably took me for one of the new ones. They weren’t exactly wrong. I squeezed between the two lines and headed for the exit. I was almost there when a strong hand grabbed my elbow from behind and pulled. I turned around and froze. It was the same white-haired nurse who had given me a shot yesterday. She’d probably recognized me and planned to keep me here until Ivan Zahariev’s people came. My calves tensed up preparing my body to flee. But the woman showed no sign that she’d recognized me. 
“Come, miner. The doctor is waiting for you.” 
“I…,” my mind was scrambling for a way out. “I’m not working today.”
“Ha!” the nurse scoffed. “We should all be so lucky!”
Without letting go of my elbow, she dragged me to one of the examination rooms where people waited in line. She shoved me inside and closed the door behind me. I heard her telling the outraged patients that I was there just to pick up some documents.       
“Take a seat over there,” the doctor said, pointing to a couch by the window. “I’m almost done.” 
He was writing something by hand, even though an expensive laptop was sitting pretty on his desk. The pen flew over the sheet of paper. It was the same man whose gruff voice had awakened me earlier. I hadn’t the slightest of idea why he’d summoned me. My mind ran through half a dozen reasons and rejected all of them as crazy. So I waited. 
“You take those to Mr. Zahariev,” the doctor said, looking up at me. “Personally.”
“Take what?”
“The files I’m about to give you, of course!”
I simply nodded, trying to spare myself another blunder. 
“Tell him that’s everything,” the doctor fixed his glasses and returned to writing. “There are no other copies.” 
I nodded my understanding again, when the reality was I didn’t know what he was talking about. 
“I’ve thrown out even the pen I used to prepare them,” his lips stretched into a smile. “The eraser too.”
The doctor finished his scribbling, closed the file and put it on top of a stack of three others. He bound them together with an elastic band and handed them to me. Four identical orange files. 
“Here. Tell Zahariev I said hello!”
 I took the files and just sat there, unsure what I was expected to do next. 
“Come on!” the doctor urged. “Get it moving. I have patients to attend to.”
I walked out of the room, squeezed past the people outside and headed for the exit again. No one stopped me this time. There were no black SUVs or thugs waiting for me outside. I could simply stand there and breathe in the rеsin-tinged air undisturbed. Maybe it was my imagination, but the thick greenery of pine trees made everything seem more optimistic. There wasn’t a sliver of blue sky, but the heavy, sullen clouds were slowly traveling apart, carrying the promise of sun. Of swallows, fragrant damp soil and fresh nettle. What was happening with me? Next thing I would start writing haikus.
Some scientist really ought to study the effects of resin. 
My reverie bubble was pierced by the rumble of a Lada Niva, which shuddered to a stop, sending a blast of fumes my way. A man in workwear spilled out of the car and rushed into the hospital, leaving the motor running. He was in quite the hurry. Well, he was going to have to. This felt like Rogue’s designated day for medical exams. They should really put that info on the travel brochure: doctor’s appointments on Wednesdays, shopping on Fridays, baths on Sundays, Mondays – back to work.       
I rounded the corner and emerged on the concrete lot. Wasps were buzzing over the garbage rotting in the dumpsters. Two or three of them circled me. I swiped at them with the files the doctor had given me. Now that I had the time to think about it, why had he handed them to me? Why had he asked me to send Cover Boy his regards? Had he given the engineer a prescription for the most expensive happy pills that a subsidized healthcare plan could buy on the market? I stopped to have a good look at the files – there was no information on the cover so I removed the plastic band and dug into the first one. By the time I got halfway through the top page, a lightbulb had gotten on. I skimmed through the rest of the pages to make sure I wasn’t wrong. The four files contained the paperwork on the autopsies of the four bodies lying in the hospital’s morgue. Reports, official records, lab tests, photos…   
Suddenly, the puzzle pieces fell into place. I ran toward the path sloping down to the information center, but I paused at the top step.
Lora had helped me enough when I was just trying to sneak out of town. There was nothing reprehensible about that and she would easily be able to defend her actions if anyone tried to hold her to account. She could help so she did, no big deal.  
From here on out, though, my stay in Rogue took on a completely different tone. Things might, would probably, escalate to unpleasant developments. Dangerous clashes. There was no need for me to put the charming curator of the information center at risk. 
I turned around. 
The three dumpsters were to my right, almost flush with the hospital wall. A little further away, the miner’s car was idling on the parking lot. The town was behind me. My only choice was to go left. I dashed through the bushes standing in my way. I prayed for enough time to disappear into the pine forest before anyone spotted me. I thought I heard someone calling after me, but I had neither the time nor the desire to look back. The hard hat slipped off my head, I didn’t break my stride. It could become a breadcrumb for my chasers. 
So what?  
The forest was too sparse for my liking. I ran through the trees, hopefully in a straight line. If only the sky wasn’t overcast, I would have been able to tell the four cardinal directions. I generally don’t care about that moss-only-grows-on-the-north-side-of-trees nonsense. That bit of clue wouldn’t take me far in this case either. Let’s see, the sun rises in the east, the time was probably about eight or ten o’clock in the morning… so it would should be easy to figure out north and south. 
I remembered how Lora had looked down at my summer shoes. Granted, a pair of mountaineering footwear would have made me overjoyed right now. The smooth soles of my moccasins were slipping on the carpet of dry pine needles scattered on the ground, making me lose my balance. But my determination knew no bounds and I would never let some shoes prevent me from proving the human spirit can prevail over anything.
The jury was still out on exactly how resilient my spirit was, but my muscles were definitely stiff from last night’s bike ride. There was no time to waste on stopping to rest so I kept running like the wind. With the files rolled up in my right hand, a random observer could be forgiven for thinking I was involved in some moronic relay event across rugged terrain.        
Thank God the area wasn’t that rugged. Actually, the ground was not all that bumpy. I could only imagine what a blast it would’ve been had I been forced to run up a hill. 
In about twenty minutes I got to the end of the forest. I was drenched in sweat all the way down to my bare feet, which kept sliding treacherously in my shoes.
I slowed down a bit and jogged the next hundred meters. I rested against one of the last trees and bent over to take a breath. 
A hilly open area stretched before me, some sort of water basin was sparkling in the far distance, perhaps a dam lake. Lora’s words came back to me. The moment you step out onto open field, someone will notice you and report right away. Villagers around here don’t like strangers.   

19. 
Villages in Bulgaria are rarely located right next to each other. Normally, they are an hour’s worth of walking apart. It must be that in the past each village had a certain amount of land to grow crops, put livestock out to pasture and plant trees. Maybe people figured out that the farming and forest land they needed added up to a distance of about an hour’s worth of walking between villages. Or maybe the one-hour isochrones used to have other practical considerations of the more mundane variety. In other words, the next village had to be far enough to dissuade people from walking over to ask for a cup of sugar, but close enough to sneak in the night and steal a young woman for a bride. 
Later, modern villages, towns and cities rendered this strategy useless. My hope was that villages in this Balkan Mountains had a good bit of distance separating them. It would be a travesty if I escaped Rogue only to end up in Pearshape or Elderberry, where they like strangers just as little – out of the frying pan and into the fire, as the saying goes.
The dam lake didn’t seem a popular tourist attraction. No boats or pedal boats disrupted its glass-like surface, no tents had been put up on the side of the lake. It was too early and cold for camping. If there was some lone fisherman out there, I couldn’t see them from this distance, neither could they see me. Either it was my imagination or a big chunk of the lake was still iced up. It wouldn’t be all that surprising – the weather had only gotten warmer the past two-three weeks, which didn’t sound like enough time for ice in a closed basin to melt. 
As far as my eyes could see, the surrounding hills sported no houses. There were no sheep bleating, no roosters crowing, no dogs barking. I was far away from civilization, or at least people.  
I sat down in the grass and tried to wipe my risen-covered palms clean. Not that it did much of anything – risen was sticky and hard to remove – but I didn’t want to smear the goo all over the documents in the orange files. 
I opened the top one and started reading. 
Fifteen minutes later I closed the last file and placed it atop the others. Until that moment I had harbored dislike and even animosity toward Ivan Zahariev. Now I hated him.
The four men – aged between thirty and fifty-eight – had come from some obscure villages in the Zlatograd area. The cause of death was couched in fancy terms, but simply put they died in an explosion. The blast had caused multiple serious injuries, hemorrhages and fractures as a result of which the four miners had died either at the scene or on the way to the hospital. The doctor had just called time of death and transported the bodies to the morgue. It was all detailed in the files, accompanied with photos and Latin-laden notes crammed in the margins. 
These things happened. 
Mining is a hard, risky line of work, which is what makes it relatively well-paid. Miners know that something can go wrong at any given moment. As with any other profession of this sort, incidents are unpredictable. Even if safety measures are diligently followed, even if inspections and briefings are conducted daily, incidents are inevitable. 
That, I understood.
What I couldn’t accept was the ugliest part. The doctor had put all available medical documents related to the case in the four files. All the evidence. So that Ivan Zahariev could cover up the story. All that was left for him to do was get rid of the corpses, as the doctor implied in the note he’d left on top. 
As if that weren’t enough, the police had also done their part in this malfeasance. The reports and photos from their study of the scene of the incident were also in the files, along with the records of evidence and the witness testimonies. These were all documents that should have never left the police station. The only logical explanation was they were headed to a bonfire. 
The entire town was colluding to cover up the crimes of Ivan Zahariev. Four miners had met their end in Beech Mine. After disposing of their bodies and the entire case documentation, Cover Boy would go back to enjoying his meals and sleeping like a baby. 
As if the incident never happened. 
Those decent men would never be laid to rest. Their families would never learn the truth. The wives and children of the deceased miners would wait for a letter or a call in vain. Before long they would try to find their loved ones. The mine’s management would probably tell them the men had quit. Someone would mention they had talked about traveling abroad or some such nonsense. The families’ questions would be met with prevarications and lies until they got exhausted and gave up. Life goes on for the living. 
Just how many similar operations had Ivan Zahariev carried out? 
Those four poor souls alone were enough for me to rearrange his face, shove his head into his ass and hand him to the authorities so he can spend the rest of his miserable life behind bars. 
Bastard!
I shuddered. 
Cold ran down my spine as the sweat started to dry on my back. There was a little bit of a wind too. I had to find shelter or keep moving if I wanted to avoid pneumonia. I could also collect some twigs and start an open-air fire, but there was a good chance the smoke would attract attention. 
I had documents that could destroy Ivan Zahariev and his entire posse. And I intended to use them. But the files made me a target. Cover Boy was going to look under log, leaf and nettle for me. He wasn’t going to stop at anything to get the files back. At the same time they were my insurance policy. Life insurance. As long as they were in my possession and not in Ivan Zahariev’s hands, I had a pretty good shot at getting out of Rogue. Alive. 
Once in the clear, I was going to do my best to leak their content to the media. 
Ha! So that’s why the bastard couldn’t stand journalists! That’s why he’d given me an ultimatum to go seek my fortunes elsewhere and never step foot in Rogue again. Perhaps the story behind his hostility was tied to a similar incident. Perhaps someone had revealed his dirty secrets before… 
I had to hide the folders. I had to find a secure place for them until I figured out a way to leave town. Somewhere neither Ivan Zahariev nor his henchmen, or the police for that matter, could find them.  
For starters, I had to cross the entire pine forest again and go back to Rogue. 
The distance I’d covered in twenty minutes of running took me fifty minutes of walking. My inner compass guided me a bit away from the hospital, but after that five-minute detour I arrived at my destination. I slipped through the last rows of trees and ducked behind the bushes where the parking lot started. I’d expected to see some hubbub at the entrance, but there was nothing out of the ordinary. The Lada was gone.  
I slipped the files under my jacket and crept toward the steep path with the interminable steps. I spotted my yellow hard hat propped against a tree trunk. I thought about leaving it there to throw potential “hounds” searching the area off my scent, but then I figured I might need it so I picked it up. 
Two students were the only people I met on my way down. Neither one spared me a glance.  

20. 
I burst into the information center, startling Lora into spilling the kettle contents onto the gas hob, extinguishing the flame. The smell of gas filled the air. 
“Dear Lord!” she said, pulling on her ear . “You scared the hell out of me!”
“Sorry,” I said, breathlessly. “Didn’t mean to frighten you.”
Lora took a towel and started mopping the puddle of tea around the gas hob. She wasn’t wearing her knitted sweater today. She had a fleece-lined cotton sweatshirt on and loose, almost baggy jeans with rows of buttons on the sides. Or was this a denim romper? 
“I thought you were long gone.”
I didn’t know how to respond to that. The information center was my only refuge. Ivan Zahariev was aware, or he would soon find out, that I’d been here. Lora could get into serious trouble. The less she knew, the safer she was. I had to keep her in the dark. 
“I was this close.”
“What do you mean?”
“I screwed up. Took off in the wrong direction.”
“Where were you all this time?”
“Around here.”
“I’m serious.”
“Seriously, I was on my way out, but the entire valley was guarded.”
“How so?”
“There were men with shotguns.”
“Must have been hunters.”
Well, of course, I’d probably misjudged the situation. Maybe there was a completely innocuous explanation for the events in Rogue that I’d missed because of my paranoia. Maybe the men in the field had gathered for a particularly rowdy ruchenitsa . It was possible right? Composer Aram Khachaturian rose to stardom with his Sabre Dance, why couldn’t Ivan Zahariev etch his name in history with a Shotgun Dance? 
I was in no mood for jokes. 
“They looked more like mummers to me.”
Lora shot me a look and finished cleaning up the gas hog. She turned it on again and put the kettle. 
“How did you manage to escape?”
“I pulled some strings.”
I looked out the window to check if someone was heading to the information center, but the street looked quiet. 
The Lada guy had gone to the hospital to take the files. I’d just beaten him to it by a couple of minutes. Ivan Zahariev had clearly had an agreement with the doctor to send one of his man for the package. The doctor had told the nurse to keep an eye out for someone from the mine and send them to his office immediately. She’d done as instructed and grabbed the nearest miner. 
Both the Lada guy and the doctor knew by now that they’d botched the transaction. One of them had probably mustered up the courage to tell Ivan Zahariev and now he was extremely motivated to find me. I had no time to waste. 
“Say that again?” I asked. Lost in my thoughts, I’d missed the last thing she’d said. 
“Would you like some tea?”
“Yes, thank you.”
She poured tea into two cups and offered me one. Its handle was cracked, which weirdly made me feel cozy and at home, even though it had been years since the last time I cared about such things. I took a sip of the hot beverage and immediately perked up. Lora, and Rogue as a whole, could make serious money if she patented and sold this blend of tea. 
There was an eastern, spiritual quality to her gestures. It made me feel special just for knowing her. She was a true revelation amid this godforsaken town’s mediocrity. There was something wild and primal but also classy about her charisma. She was beautiful, and not in the made-up way of a seductress. Her beauty was natural and unaffected like Japanese cherry blossoms. Those were some good genes, as renowned anthropologist Evgeni Dimov would say. I wasn’t there for the tea, though. I was waiting for her to leave the room for a second so I could hide the documents. 
“What?” I’d tuned her out again.
“Do you want some honey with your tea?”
The cap of the honey jar had a coppery glint.
I suddenly felt like running naked out onto the streets crying Eureka! Like that old Greek guy. I wanted to jump up and down and high-five Lora to celebrate my epiphany. 
Copper! 
But of course. Copper plus zinc. Brass. That was what the sacks back in the mine hangar were stuffed with. Cut brass. 
So much for the local gold rush. 
“What exactly is extracted in that mine?”
“I beg your pardon?” Lora gave me a look that said she’d suddenly figured out how stupid I was.
“What is extracted in the mine?”
“What do you mean what? Ore, of course.”
Wow! And here I thought they were growing cucumbers in that place! 
“I get that, what kind of ore? Iron, lead, gold?”
“I don’t know. I’ve never cared to know.”
Bull crap. Everything is public knowledge in small towns. And she worked at Rogue’s information center, for heaven’s sake. 
“Didn’t you say you’ve been there?”
“You think they would let me into the stopes? I got about a hundred paces past the entrance to snap a few pictures.”
I wrestled with the idea of telling her all about the doctor, the files and the corpses. Decided to keep it quiet for now. The less she knew, the better – it gave her plausible deniability. 
Lora put the cup down and stood up. 
“I have to leave you for a bit.”
Excellent. I was just starting to plot ways to make the information center curator leave. It was like she’d read my mind. I feigned interest so she didn’t get suspicious. 
“Why?” 
“The municipal council is meeting and I have to be there.”
“You mean to take photos?” 
“No. I sit on the council.”
I don’t know what municipal councilors actually do besides pushing lobbyist interests and dressing them up as priorities of public good. I’d had dealings with a bunch of greedy, arrogant middle-aged men and women employed in that line of work. Lora hardly fit my image of a municipal councilor. Even for an obscure mining town in the Balkan Mountains with a five-letter name. She put that leather headband back on to tame her unruly hair. 
“I’ll check on Stoyan on my way back,” she said, took a colorful bag and threw a thick notebook inside. “In case he needs something.”
“How is he?”
“Recovering. He was better when I saw him this morning.” 
“How long will you be gone?”
“Depends how many items there are on the agenda,” her eyes sparkled mischievously. “Will you wait for me?”
“How long?”
“About two hours.”
“OK, but I want you to lock up the place on your way out.”
“Why?”
“Just in case.”
Her gaze lingered on my face as if she sensed I wasn’t telling her everything. 
“I’ll leave you the key. Lock the door behind me.”
“No, better lock it from the outside. That’s less suspicious.”
“As you wish.”
Lora put on a thin waxed jacket and smiled. 
“I hope it doesn’t start raining.”
I didn’t get people in Rogue. They constantly worried about rain as if their lives depended on the likelihood of precipitation. I would understand it if they were farmers or gardeners. But Rogue was a far cry from an agricultural cluster, to use a modern term, so the whims of weather posed no real threat to the crops and livelihood of the locals.
Lora left. I heard the click of the lock turning and the echo of her steps receding down the cobblestone street. I went around checking the rooms for the perfect hiding place. 
And you know what?  
The first thing that caught my eye was the book for guest reviews, complaints and recommendations. It was a thick, heavy, large-format book with white sheets. Several of those were already filled. The last comment was in English. I couldn’t tell whether the visitor had complained or just offered a review and a recommendation, but the date was clear – third of March. So Rogue welcomed guests every once in a while after all.   
The book was laid open on a small wooden pedestal. I had found the perfect hiding place. And then an even better idea came to me. 

21. 
I was still fussing over the quaint little altar when I heard a knock on the door. Correction, someone tried to open the door first, failed and proceeded to bang on it.
“Lora!” a familiar voice shouted out. “Are you in there?”
The Meatheads. 
“Open up, gorgeous!” another voice chimed in. “Inspection.”
Good thing I had already hidden the files. I sprung into action, looking for a place to hide. 
The Meatheads started really slamming on the door. I tiptoed to the museum exhibition room and hectically looked around. I barely had time to grab my hard hat before the door flew off its frame and the thugs burst into the information center. They went straight to the tearoom, checked the office and then wound up in the same room as me. 
Some of the most creative thoughts I’d ever had were born out of seemingly dead-end crisis situations and excruciating lack of time. This was the most desperate I’d felt since setting foot in Rogue. So I did the first thing that came to my mind. I crawled into the miners’ exhibition corner and pretended to be part of the scene – on my knees, head down, pickaxe in hand. I fit seamlessly, like a newly fallen leaf among colorful autumn foliage at sundown. 
The two beefy fellas walked into the room and looked around. One of them drove his fist into the wall. I didn’t dare staring at him, but I was sure he was one of my sparring partners from yesterday. His face sported three angry, deep scratches from the candlestick’s rose tip. His partner was the guy who rushed out of the VIP Mining offices without a belt on. The third guy could be outside, waiting for them. Unless he was in the hospital.   
They had no chance of seeing me hiding in plain sight. They would never think to look for me in a museum arrangement. 
It was clear they were after me. I heard them referring to me as the journalistic weasel, that bastard, that schmuck and the faggot. And two dozen other epithets, all short and sweet. I’m not easily offended, let alone by some redneck cranks. That was not what made my pulse race. No, the cranks were vowing to kill me and pictured the act in Full HD.  
“I’ll pull out his kidneys through his junk,” Scarface foamed at the mouth. “One at a time.” 
He was the clumsy suitor who had tried to ask Lora out yesterday. 
“I’ll cut his ears off,” his buddy chimed in, “then his nose and finish with his junk.” 
“I’ll break every bone in his body,” Scarface threatened. “I’ll stick a piece of his fibula in his junk.” 
They were on a roll with those fantasies, cackling over their cleverness. 
They seemed preoccupied with my junk. I wondered what Freud’s take would be on that tidbit. I was in no jokester mood, though, because I knew what they were saying – Ivan Zahariev had upped the ante, he now wanted me alive or dead.   
My breathing turned shallow, I didn’t dare move or blink. I was a coiled spring – if any of them stared at me for more than a second, I was going to clobber them with my pickaxe and figure it out from there. No one stared. The two lingered for a bit longer, lobbed some more curses and poked around some. When nothing interesting turned up, they messed the place up out of spite and moved to another room. I’d gotten off this time, I and my junk, both. 
The two thugs had barged in pretty shamelessly. I remembered how they were hesitant to come in yesterday, then Lora threatened them with Ivan Zahariev and they tucked tail and ran. Today, they showed up all arrogant and determined, busted through the door and smashed some things for good measure. I doubted their newfound confidence came from within. Ivan Zahariev had obviously taken the gloves off. No one was safe.  
I sure hoped the trauma unit of the local hospital was good. If Cover Boy continued to turn up the heat, the rooms there were about to get packed. 
I was tired of running from that psycho. I was tired of hiding like a weasel, sneaking in bushes, concrete garages, hospital foyers and museum exhibitions. It was pure agony. Maybe it was about time I stood up to him. Yes, my chances were slim, but not infinitesimal.  
I pictured myself getting into the boxing ring dressed in baggy silk shorts. The crowd assembled on the miserable town square is buzzing with anticipation as my trainer, fresh-faced Stoyan, is whispering hype-up speeches in my ear. My eyes are trained on the three burly fellas fanning purple towels in front of Zahariev in the opposite corner. It wasn’t that bad of a vision. It would be a fair fight with reasonable chances of successful outcome for me. But that was not happening.  
Lora came back and caught the two brawny fellas rummaging through the desk in her office. 
“What do you think you’re doing?”   
“Sit your ass over there and shut up,” Scarface barked out. “We have orders.”
That had to be a line from a straight-to-TV movie he’d watched on the local channel. 
I’d taken cover by the door, waiting for the right moment to slip out of the information center if I had to. 
“Get out of here right this minute!” Lora’s voice was low and menacing like the hiss of a snake. I didn’t know about those other two, but that sound chilled my blood. I hadn’t seen her like this.  
“Easy now, gorgeous!” the non-scarred thug said. “This isn’t your dance class.”
I wondered if they would dare to lay a hand on her. I was ready to intervene, whatever that might cost me.  
“What are you doing?!” 
She had trouble processing the fact that Ivan Zahariev’s henchmen had dared to trespass on her safe place and wreak havoc on it. 
“We’re looking for some documents.”
“Out!”
“Instead of whining, why don’t you make us coffee.”
I heard a loud clatter and figured she’d sent the kettle flying at them. Lora was a fiery girl. They wouldn’t do her harm, and if they turned out stupid enough to try, they would walk out of here battered and bruised. She truly knew how to take care of herself. I remained vigilant, though, ready to jump in if things got rough. 
They didn’t. 
The Meatheads snooped around for a couple more minutes and left. They had either turned over every piece of furniture at the information center and run out of places to look or Lora had played some voodoo trick on them. They walked out quickly and without another word. They didn’t even slam the door on their way out.    

22. 
“Mr. Milev!”
I hadn’t been called that in a while. 
“Mr. Milev! Are you here?”
Lora checked one room after another until she found me fixing the exhibition figures back in their places. 
“Hello!”
“Oh, thank God! I thought they’d found you.”
“They tried.”
Lora took stock of the books strewn on the floor and the sight seemed to jolt her back to reality. 
“What happened?”
She tiptoed around the room as if walking on hot coal. She hung her jacket on the coat-stand and went about assessing the damage.  
“Maybe they came here to have some tea,” I quipped. “They had too much honey with it and the sugar rush made them flip out.”
There was a mixture of equal parts fear, concern and disdain in her eyes. No idea which emotion was directed at me, but I had no intention of causing her more headache. The whole story had been a bit of a joke until now. Not that it had been particularly amusing, but it had had its lighter moments. Tonight things took a serious turn. Nothing fun lied ahead. Ivan Zahariev wanted to whack me and was likely to get his chance soon. I didn’t want Lora anywhere near me when that happened. Honestly. I picked up my hard hat and nodded. 
“I’m going to split now.”
“What?”
“I’m going to split.”
“What does that mean?”
“I’m going away, leaving, setting off, hitting the road,” I was running out of synonyms. “Something like that.”
“I meant why?”
“Because it is the right thing to do.”
“Why so sudden? Did the Meatheads scare you off?”
“They don’t scare me, Lora. It’s Ivan Zahariev.”
Once again I felt the urge to show her the files of the four dead miners, but I didn’t want to drag her into this mess. I would rather remember her as the misguided nice girl who helped a stray schmuck like me to escape the local feudal lord’s wrath for a bit. It was a much better outcome than her standing next to me with a hood on, waiting for his firing squad to pump us with lead in some back alley.  
Tsk-tsk.     
“He’s not that scary.”
“I disagree. Up until this morning, he wanted me captured and delivered to him for a lesson before he sends me away. I don’t think he cares about giving me a lesson anymore.”
“Meaning?”
“He’s ordered his thugs to kill me. They wouldn’t shut up about it while trashing your place.” 
Lora went silent. 
“Every minute spent in this town is really dangerous for me now. I’m much better off taking to the woods than pushing my luck with those morons. The way they busted in here, they’ll comb through Rogue in no time. They won’t stop until they find me. I suspect they’ll badger you again. There’s no point in making the situation worse.”
“So what now, you’ll hide in the forest?”
“I don’t know. It’s an option.”
Lora sat down in a chair and put her head in her hands. 
“I should’ve taken you to the path the moment you showed up. You would’ve long forgotten about me, Ivan Zahariev and Rogue by now.”
“There’s no forgetting you, Lora.” 
She gave me an impish look a second before her face darkened again. 
“He’ll come.”
“Who?”
“Ivan Zahariev.” 
“Where? Here?”
“Yes. He’s too smart to be deceived. He’ll soon figure it out.”
“Figure what out?” 
“That you have no other place in Rogue to hide. That if you haven’t taken to the woods, you must be here.”
She said it like that had happened more than once before. As if the information center was part of an underground trail to Central Bulgaria for the desperate. 
 “There’s still one hiding place he would never think to look for you.”
“Lora…”
“What?”
“I don’t want to hide anymore. I haven’t stopped looking over my shoulder for a second. It’s exhausting. I feel drained. Maybe it’s time to visit Ivan Zahariev’s office so we can settle this like men.”
“Don’t start acting crazy. Please.”
Lora stood up and put on her thin jacket. 
“I can’t do this alone,” she bit her lip. 
“Lora…” 
“Don’t worry, I’ll take you to a safe place.” 
The last time I heard this I spent four days locked up in the cellar of a Shumen library. I managed to escape through the ventilation system like a modern-day John McClane. I don’t know what my problem is, but things that look so easy on TV tend to cause me considerable injury in real life. 
“You don’t need to help me more than you already have. Take care of yourself.”
“You sound just like him.” 
“Like who?”
“Doesn’t matter. Let’s go!” 
She rested her hand on the handle of the door, left ajar. 
“You’ll have to walk fast,” she said, smiling.
I suddenly remembered the generosity of Encho and pushed the door closed. 
“Can’t I hop on a bike?” 
She looked at me surprised.
“A bike? I guess, but… it’ll take some time until I get my… No, I don’t think we have that much time.”
“There’s a bike outside.”
“Where?”
“I left it out back.”
Lora threw me a suspicious glance. 
“Where did you get it? Did you steal it?”
“No, someone gave it to me.”
“Seriously?!” 
“Seriously. Encho lent it to me.”
That piece of information seemed to reassure her. It didn’t last long. 
“Encho who?”
“I’m not a thief, Lora. Enough with this.”
“I’m sorry.”
“That’s OK.”
“It’s in order?”
“Perfect shape.”
“OK. Don’t come out until I call for you,” she said and went out. 
She was probably scanning the streets for spies and pursuers. I waited for her to return and say it’s clear like an officer of the Russian special ops forces. Instead, she simply said right, it really is Encho’s bike. She’d gone outside to check if I had told her the truth about the bike! I put the hard hat on and reflected that the winds had shifted and I stuck out more in this outfit now than if I’d kept my denim jacket on. Come, miner. The doctor is waiting for you. The people of Ivan Zahariev were now looking for a miner. Well, nothing to do about it now. I went out and looked around. Didn’t see anything suspicious. 
Lora had pushed the bike to the front of the building and waved me on. 
I swung my leg over, but before I could settle on the seat, I felt a tap on my shoulder. 
“What?”
“Scoot over.”
I moved back before it hit me that she wanted us to travel together. I had no time to protest or ask questions. She sat on the crossbar sidesaddle and tapped me again to signal she was ready. I pushed off the ground and started pedaling, taking us down the cobblestone street. I had gone from a circus bear to one half of a tandem of psychiatric ward escapees. 

23. 
The only living creature we saw was a shaggy dog. It was wagging its tail, but as soon as we got closer, it turned aggressive and rushed at us, barking. Lora tried to kick it, but it dodged her leg and slyly switched over to the other side of the bike. I stood no chance of losing it, so I kept on pedaling. Just like with insecure types, my strategy for dealing with vicious stray dogs is to ignore them. I’d seen mixed results, though. More often than not, I would find myself in a hospital, with my pants torn, waiting for yet another anti-rabies injection. 
That dog wasn’t so much vicious as bored out of its skull and trying to play rough with us. Unfortunately for it, we were in a rush. About twenty meters down the road it got the hint and gave up on chasing us. Shortly after, I hit the brakes too, as Lora tapped my hand and pointed to a picket fence running along the left side of the road. 
“It’s right here.”
I dismounted the bike and helped her down. She went up to the fence, looked around and removed a single picket. 
“Get the bike in first.”
There was no way it could fit through the gap so I just hoisted it and got it over the fence. I squeezed in, followed by Lora. We started down a pretty narrow path cutting across an overgrown yard. We had to fight off raspberry, bramble, wild briar, acacia and all manner of thorny bushes. I was fully prepared to run into an angry hedgehog or wild boar any moment now. But the unruly greenery suddenly cut off and the path opened up into a wide lawn. The air was filled with the aroma of freshly cut grass with a hint of something sweet that smelled purple to me. Straight ahead was a wall coated in rough white plaster.    
We had snuck through the backyard of a rugged house. We went around to its porch.   
This house shared nothing in common with the typical Rogue architecture of the 1950s or with Stoyan’s safe haven or with the information center, for that matter. It was a single-story building with a flat roof and a façade that was halfway glass. I had only seen such spiffy homes on the Black Sea coast. They were always bathed in light and chock-full of sleek rich types hanging out, listening to loud music and doing designer drugs. This place, though, was dark, the only light coming from a small backlit keypad. Lora deftly pushed a combination of buttons and the door opened. 
I’d been to a home like this once before. That one had three rooms, each of which served a dual purpose – living room/bedroom, kitchen/dining room and bathroom/restroom. After all, how much more did one need for a ten-day vacation?! But this house had one single space that served every need one could have throughout the day. There was a bar with a big fridge and countless bottles of alcohol, a home-gym machine, a shower stall, a surround sound system, a Jacuzzi, a round bed and a big, dark aquarium. My curly companion pushed some more buttons and the walls were suddenly awash with faint, golden light. For a second there I thought I heard soft music, but then I figured it was the air pump of the aquarium. Or maybe I was imagining the sound. What couldn’t possibly remain unnoticed was the mirror on the ceiling and the dinged-up sculpture of Venus de Milo. There was no library in sight, thank God, or the place would’ve been way over-the-top eclectic.  
Don’t get me wrong, I’m not some snobbish type and I’m no expert on architecture. For heaven’s sake, I can’t even tell the difference between Secession and Entablature, whatever these terms mean. But even I couldn’t imagine anyone wanting to live in what was essentially a barn, no matter how fancy. Lora must have had a really rough childhood to choose a place like this as her home. It didn’t jive with her baggy clothes and untamed curls. If I had to guess, I would have bet that she lived in a tent out in the woods or in a treehouse. Never in this monument of tasteless luxury.
My beautiful fan of tasteless luxury was poking through the cabinets – opening drawers, slamming doors and muttering under her breath. For some reason, most of the cabinets were empty. Unlike the bar, which was bursting at the seams with all kinds of bottles.  
“Strange home you have here,” I couldn’t help but blurting out. “Do you live alone?”
Lora gave me a long look and tipped her chin toward something behind me. 
“Find yourself something to eat from the fridge”
She went back to rummaging. 
As I watched strands of curly hair bounce on her cotton sweatshirt, for some reason I though Lora might be vegan. The fridge was probably “stocked” with soybean sprouts, a single onion and half a red pepper. No eggs, no salami, no ham, no sausage, no yellow cheese or other sinful foods. My mouth watered anyway. I was suddenly ravenous, so much so that a slice of bread seasoned with ground dried herbs would feel like a feast.
I practically ran for the fridge towering next to the bar. For the five steps it took to get there, my stomach growled so ferociously that I was prepared to be perfectly happy with unseasoned bread.
The fridge was the most austere-looking piece of furniture. There was a single carton of milk in its cold belly. It was empty. 
I’m note prone to swearing. I try to suppress this Balkan habit because it has played tricks on me more than once. But this time I couldn’t stifle a violent curse. 
Lora ceased her explorations and came over. 
“What?”
“There’s nothing to eat.”
“Check the freezer. There has to be some ice-cream left.”
Milk, ice-cream… Not a vegan, after all. 
In a minute, we were both sitting at the bar, digging into a large box of chocolate ice-cream with teaspoons. The house was truly strange. So the only strange houses in this town, not counting the monstrosity that was the Town Hall, belonged to the only normal people here – Lora and Stoyan. Now that was irony. 
“What does Stoyan do for a living?”
“Stoyan? He is the municipality’s environmentalist.”
No kidding!  
I would’ve guessed an internet club, a cell phone shop or a phot studio as his place of work. I could’ve even pictured him as a hairdresser, if I were completely honest. But… 
“An environmentalist? At the municipal administration?”
“Yes.”
“Weird.”
“What’s so weird about it? In Rogue, anyone who can’t or doesn’t want to be a miner works for the municipality.”  
“The weird part is that Ivan Zahariev’s thugs dared to touch him. That they would hurt an employee of the municipality.” 
“An employee of the municipality! I don’t think there’s a person in this town they haven’t roughed up at one point or another.”
“Does that include you?”
Lora blushed. I had hit a nerve. 
“I’m different.” 
“How so?”
“Look, Stoyan is very principled. He is the only municipal employee who causes trouble for Ivan Zahariev.”
“What kind of trouble?”
“It has to do with the mine. Not everything is aboveboard there.”
“What are you talking about?”
“Environmental standards. Stoyan constantly raises noise about that and Ivan Zahariev doesn’t like being under scrutiny.”
Don’t I know that! 
“Plus, he is vengeful and takes his revenge the first chance he gets. And he always covers his tracks well. No charges.”
She had no idea how right she was! Or maybe she was speaking from personal experience again. 
“Last summer, a lot of trees were cut down for the construction of the ecotourism route. Stoyan was against it and alerted a bunch of commissions and directorates. Ivan Zahariev warned him to stay away, but that’s just not Stoyan. And then the incident happened.”
“What? Did they beat him up?”
“As he was trying to stop the latest felling, a branch fell on top of him. It nearly killed him. He was in the Gabrovo hospital for three weeks. It was really scary.”
“No one was held responsible for the incident?”
“Of course not. That never happens where Ivan Zahariev is involved.”
“But people around here knew who was at fault, right?”
“They sure did.”
“And stayed silent?”  
“You don’t understand. This isn’t the big city. People are afraid.”
And here I thought the 1990s were long gone along with all the thugs, racketeers, pyramid schemes and chalga music. Ladies and gentlemen, I present to you Ivan Zahariev – the last survivor.
“Stoyan hasn’t learned his lesson, has he?” I shook my head, looking at her. “He keeps poking the bear, right?” 
“Yes.” 
“One day Ivan Zahariev will kill him.” 
“Don’t talk like that.” 
“It may not even be intentionally. He’ll just go overboard with the violence and Stoyan won’t be able to take it.” 
Lora shivered and I thought about my own words. Yes, monsters like Cover Boy progressively crank up the response. They get bolder with each try. Stoyan was a delicate young man and he was going to break. Unless one of them left Rogue first. This town wasn’t big enough for two irreconcilable cultures. 
I took of my jacket and sniffed it reflexively. Lora caught that and smiled.  
“Where are my manners?! Would you like to take a shower?”
Oh, yes!  
Eating and showering are two things I never turn down. Maybe because they are not the readily accessible options I’d like them to be. I’m always ready to take a shower, even when I’m barely out of the shower. 
There was only one problem – the shower stall was pretty much smack-dab in the middle of the spacious living room/kitchen/bedroom. Not that I was ashamed of my body or some such nonsense. I just wasn’t sure if my relationship with the information center curator had reached the stage where showering and strutting naked around each other was acceptable. Lora wasn’t a vegan or an avid cyclist, she wasn’t an environmentalist, didn’t like stray dogs… Maybe being a nudist was her quirk.  
“In the meantime, I’ll go over to Stoyan’s house to check on him.”
This girl couldn’t possibly have been born and raised in Rogue. She was too perceptive and sophisticated, too resilient and smart to have been conceived in a field somewhere between the Beech Mine galleries and the train station.
“Here’s some clean underwear. It should fit.” 
She handed me a big bath towel, crossed the room and stepped out onto the porch.  
As I undressed, my mind kept searching for answers. I wondered how Lora had the money to buy a house like that. Sure, the interior design was more than kitschy, but that brand of poor taste had a big price tag. Considering I was the only out-of-town visitor to the information center, her salary couldn’t be all that nice. Could she be the leader of some horrific satanic cult getting ready to offer its latest sacrifice – me? Maybe right this minute Lora was instructing her meek servants to iron their ritual costumes and sharpen their knives.     
Just kidding.      
Still, my inner voice was urging me to keep my eyes open. That voice would always be on guard and never allow me to get comfortable. You know, there are voices capable of ruining even the most beautiful of experiences. Watch out, be careful, don’t trust anyone, run… In contrast, the other voice – that of the idiot in me – was giddy right now, laughing heartily and singing silly old tunes in falsetto. 
I stepped under the hot stream of water and it mercifully drowned out my inner voices. Taking a shower is a deeply personal experience, a sacred act, a pure form of happiness. Pure, get it.  
I wanted to enjoy every last bit of it. 

24.
The set of underwear included a black t-shirt, black boxer briefs and a pair of black socks. Maybe there really was a satanic cult in play. 
I was more intrigued by the fact that Lora kept men’s underwear in her house. Did this stuff belong to a boyfriend she had recently split from? Or a husband who had been forced to take a menial job abroad so they could make ends meet? Or was she a desperate feminist with a fetish for men’s underwear? 
I chose to leave that question unanswered. I don’t like snooping around in people’s houses, unless my life depends on it. 
One of the most exquisite pleasures in life is putting on clean underwear. If you are used to changing your clothes daily, you wouldn’t understand this. For me, it is something to celebrate. The cool aroma of pressed and folded laundry fresh out of the closet does more than make me feel alive. It makes me want to keep living. I put on the t-shirt, the socks and the boxer briefs and checked to see if my medallion was in its place. Charms and other trinkets aren’t really my style. I wore this small shape of a wolf’s head on a frayed leather cord because it was a precious reminder of a life long gone.      
I dressed like a miner again. Now that I’d cleaned up, the smell of the jacket hit me hard. It was so overpowering I almost felt nauseated. Instead of looking for me high and low, the thugs were better off sending a hound on my trail. It could probably sniff me out through the concrete walls of a bunker. I took off the jacket and left it folded up on the floor. I decided not to wear it until it was absolutely necessary. My feet were finally ensconced in socks. I smelled clean all over and I felt clean. What more could a man ask for?     
I couldn’t help myself, I went to take a peek. The closet was full of men’s clothing: shirts, suit jackets, pants. The chest of drawers nearby was packed with boxer briefs, socks, t-shirts and undershirts. Shoes, belts, ties. All of it belonged to a male owner. 
Well, I’ll be damned! 
I no longer cared why Lora would keep men’s clothing in her home. I was curious to know where her stuff was. Maybe that explained why she walked around in shabby sweaters, sweatshirts and rompers – she had nothing nice. 
Or maybe Lora had spent years preparing this house for her future husband? And in her sick fantasies she had now decided I was her guy? I suddenly felt like that poor writer in Stephen King’s novel Misery. I was staring at weeks and months of torturous existence in captivity. There was no fear in my heart. I could survive any captivity, even in the hands of an obsessive young woman with a totally empty fridge. On the flip side, this celebration of modern kitsch around me might quickly plunge me into depression deep enough for me to commit suicide within days. The thought had barely crossed my mind when I noticed the slight edge running along Venus de Milo’s shoulders. I went over to have a better look. This wasn’t a sculpture shaped out of rock. It was a concrete casting. A cheap one. Artificially aged.   
Oh, come on!     
Fortunately, Lora showed up right before I started searching for a razor blade. She looked me over and smiled. 
“Congratulations on your bath! ”
“Ha-ha, very funny.”
“Stoyan says hi.”
“How is he?”
“Like I told you earlier, recovering.”
Lora picked up the damp towel from the back of the chair and hung it on an almost invisible clothesline to dry. Then she went back to rummaging through cabinets and cupboards. 
“Lora…”
“Yes?”
“Why did you bring me here?”
“This is the only place in town where no one would think to look for you.”
She was flipping the bed cushions with her back to me. I had no idea what she was looking for, but it couldn’t be something big. 
“And what am I supposed to do?”
“Nothing much. Wait for the right time to leave.”
“What are you doing?”
“I’m looking for something.”
That was obvious. And strange. 
“There it is!”
She spun around and gave me her most brilliant smile. 
“I found it.”
She was holding up a gun again, just like the one she’d given me yesterday. This girl had some psychological problems. True, the first gun had saved my hide last night. But a famous illusionist once told me that no trick works twice on the same audience. I pushed her hand aside and she dropped the gun on the floor. I was fixing to say something like enough with this nonsense, when a loud bang echoed around the room and a bullet whizzed past my ear, hitting the ceiling right above me and getting lodged there. 
For an interminable second, we both stood frozen in place, staring at each other. White dust peppered us. 
Right in that moment, no matter how crazy it might sound to you, I fell in love with the girl in front of me. 
There was no rhyme or reason behind it. 
I simply fell in love. 
I bent down, picked the gun up and examined it. It was heavy, glossy and fit comfortably in my palm. It was a real gun alright. A Walther, or at least that was what the butt said. I looked up at Lora, ready to lecture her, but then our eyes met. For the first time I saw fear in hers. Maybe she’d finally understood my speech last night about the potential harm of firearms. Before realizing what I was doing, I reached out and caressed her hair.  
“I’m sorry,” I said. 
“No, I’m the one who has to be sorry.”
She looked like a little kid about to cry. And then she did. 
“I’m sorry,” she sobbed. 
Tears streamed down her cheeks so I did the only thing I could. I hugged her. She had been through a lot, especially considering her normally uneventful life. I held her until her tears dried out, then helped her sit down on the bed.  
“What is this house, Lora? Why do you live in a place like this?”
“It’s not mine.”
I’d started to suspect as much. 
“Whose is it?”
Wouldn’t it be something if we’d entered someone else’s property without invitation or permission? Not that it would have been the crime of the century, but I dislike breaking the law without good reason. 
“Ivan Zahariev’s.”
Huh?!
Say that again?!
“This is the home of Ivan Zahariev? Are you kidding me?”
“It’s not his home. He brings his whores here.”
Some relief that was!
“Believe it or not, this is the last place he would look for you.”
I had to give it to her, she had a style.
So Cover Boy was not just an engineer, but a playboy as well. He obviously didn’t care about gossip or he wouldn’t have gotten himself a bachelor’s lair, considering how fast word about such things travels in small towns. I pictured him for a second. He gets out of his SUV, all important, and heads for this crib, a giggling, tipsy, skinny chick sways on her high heels behind him. They stop by the door and while he enters the security code his giddy companion kisses his neck and whispers in his ear. They go inside, the playboy switches the dim lights on and plays soft music in the background. He removes his tie and undoes the top buttons of his shirt. He pours two glasses of champagne and offers one to his date. They kiss again and proceed to divest each other of their clothes. The chick trips in her golden dress, hits the floor and dissolves into laughter. Cover Boy helps her out of her dress, picks her up and carries her to the round bed. She lifts her pelvis so he can strip her thong… 
I stood up, put on my jacket and returned the gun to the drawer where Lora had found it. 
“Let’s get out of here.”
“There’s nowhere left to go.”
“There always is,” I heard my voice rising, I was losing my cool. “I won’t sit and hide in Ivan Zahariev’s house, waiting for him to find me. This isn’t who I am.”
“Believe me, the moment you set foot out of this place, you’ll have no more than ten minutes.”
“I’ve survived worse odds.”
“You’re fronting.”
“What?!”
“You’re posturing. You’re acting tough.”  
“Nonsense!”
“OK.”
“I’m not doing any of this.”
“OK.”
“I’m just trying to get out of this situation.”
“And how do you plan on doing that?”
“I don’t know. I’ll get on the bike and ride to the train station. No one in Rogue will find a cycling miner suspicious.”
“Not within the town limits, no. But when you reach the outskirts, you’ll get pulled over and questioned.”
“Pulled over by whom?”
“All sorts of people.”
“Fine, I’ll hide in one of the vans supplying the local shops.”
“It’ll get searched on its way out of town, you can count on that.”
“I’ll jump into the garbage truck. Is the dumping ground far away?”
Lora rolled her eyes. 
“Fine, I don’t know what to do,” I yelled. “But I’ll be damned if I sit here and wait. I’ll go crazy. If there’s no other way, I’m ready to face Ivan Zahariev. If a tussle is inevitable, I’d rather get it out of the way. Better to die than to prolong the agony.”
“Now you’re talking stupid!”
“What do you know?!”
“What do you know?!”

25. 
We were barreling toward fisticuffs when we suddenly got interrupted. A squeaking sound from the direction of the front yard made Lora jump. She hushed me, strained to hear the noise and looked out to the porch. 
“Dear God!”  
In the far end of the front yard, where the lawn gave way to a paved alley, the iron gate was sliding to one side to reveal a black SUV with headlights on. When the opening grew wide enough, the vehicle came inside and headed for the house. I had no doubt who the SUV owner was, although this one had a softer, less-threatening shape than the one I’d damaged yesterday. 
“This can’t be happening,” Lora moaned. “It’s not fair!”  
I grabbed her hand and tugged her toward the back of the house. I really hoped there was a door there, otherwise we would be trapped.  
It was locked. I had no time for code deciphering or picking the lock. I tried to kick the door open and it broke in two. I was so glad to see cheap imitations finally be good for something! My nostrils filled with the smell of damp dirt, wild plum blossoms and weed. The wind had died down, the afternoon air was sticky and charged with anxiety. We were in the wildly overgrown backyard. Lora, who had regained her composure, stepped in front of me to lead the way through the thicket.   
“My hard hat! I left my hard hat inside,” I exclaimed, coming to a stop. 
“Forget about it,” Lora said over her shoulder. “He’ll find out we were there anyway.” 
I started running. Thought I heard chasers, but that was just my blood pumping in my eardrums. No one had gone after us yet. What had Lora said? Ten minutes? Ha! We would be lucky to get two minutes of head start. I counted on those two minutes, though.   
We got out the same way we had gotten in. Encho’s bike was still lying in the weeds. If something had happened to us, it would have stayed there forgotten and unneeded until it got all rusty and crumbly. The man could have totally given up on helping strangers then!  
I took the mountain bike by the frame and hauled it over the fence. 
“What do you need it for?” Lora whispered. “It’s steep up there.” 
“I just wanted to put it somewhere it can be easily found. You go first.”
We crossed the street, I rested the bike against a fence and we snuck in the yard behind it. That one looked no different than the previous – raspberry bushes, bramble, wild briar and mud.  
I lost track of how long we ran. Finally, the bushes thinned out and the terrain got steeper. We were on the south side of the town, or more precisely, south of the town. We navigated between the thick trunks of tall trees. The slopes were covered in damp brown leaves, interspersed with juniper and wild flowers. After a while, the smell of dampness and greenery was made more pungent by a hint of rot and mushrooms. We had finally taken to the woods. 
No chasers could be spotted within at least a hundred meters of us. Beyond that, the trees obstructed the view. I didn’t hear huffing and puffing, shouting or the crackling of twigs under running feet. We slowed down to a stroll. We were now trekking up a marked path overlooking the town. The marking wasn’t exactly standard, just a little bit of paint daubed on tree trunks every fifty steps. There were no signs, but I was starting to get used to this Rogue quirk. The locals didn’t need directions and there were no actual tourists. Had my companion decided to run away and leave Rogue with me for that exact reason? I mean, God only knew if and when the next tourist would come.  
“We have no chance,” Lora said at some point. “They’ll find us wherever we go.”
“Where are we going?”  
“St. John of Rila.”
Weren’t you supposed to get through St. Peter first? 
“And?” 
“Nothing,” she sounded as tired as me, although she had to be twenty years younger. “Keep going.”  
The path wound its way up the slope, opening into meadows every once in a while. The town was sprawled beneath us. To the left, I could see the dark blotch of the pine forest surrounding the hospital. Further to the left and beyond the slope had to be the road to the mine, and far in the distance – somewhere past the valley – was the train station. 
A newly built wooden pavilion appeared at one bend in the path. It had to be a favorite hangout among the local boys and girls. I imagined them coming here at sunset to make out, and probably more than that after dark. I’m talking about beer and cigarettes. The spot was close enough to town to be easily accessible, but far enough to afford some privacy. The cooler kids probably brought guitars. Or was playing videos on cellphones the thing that raised the coolness factor with this generation? There would probably be the occasional amateur photographer abusing the default mode of their phone camera to take pictures during the brief twilight window. The place was probably frequented by members of the local hiking club, including Peter Deunov  followers, environmentalists, vegetarians, cyclists, nudists, etc. The only segment of society that had no business up here were desperate people running from a narcissistic, vindictive mining baron.    
The intense climb had me drenched in sweat. So much for my precious cleanliness. I wanted us to sit in the pavilion and rest, but Lora kept trudging up so I followed her. We passed a second pavilion. This one was perched on a slope facing south. The town wasn’t visible from here, but there was a perfect view of the plateau where the mine complex was. With the help of binoculars, I could make out the shapes of the security cabin at the gate, the hangars and the rest of the buildings.            
There was a drinking water fountain at this dedicated rest spot, but it was dry as Sahara sand. Someone had forgotten to feed it water. 
We walked some more until the path finally emerged onto a large meadow. At the edge of it stood a copper-domed chapel. The sheet metal immediately reminded me of what Beech Mine produced. At the far end of the meadow was a hastily constructed stage for what I imagined were amateur performances. Next to the chapel was a wooden shelter with long tables and benches that could seat half of the town’s population. Two large hearths were positioned at the far end of the shelter. In my mind’s eye, I saw caldrons with bubbling lamb soup . The chapel was new, white and clean. The inscription painted above the door read St. John of Rila. 
Oh, OK.   
Finally an inscription that wasn’t spelled with twisted pipes. 
“Now what?”
We sat down on one of the benches. Lora leaned back next to me and made a distracted effort to fix her curly hair. 
“Praying is all we can do.”
Oh, for God’s sake!
I don’t pray all that much. Not that I don’t believe in God – quite the opposite, I believe more than you might suspect. If you had my way of life, you would have long learned that God is the only friend you can trust in this world and having him on your side is very uplifting. I know enough about God to not bother him with everyday hardships. I don’t like going into churches, lighting candles and kissing icons. I would much rather carry his light in my heart. I don’t presume that he listens, but when I talk to him, I prefer to thank him instead of begging him for stuff. I make it a point to thank people too. 
“Thank you, Lora.”
“For what? For getting you into this dead end?”
“It’s not every day that I meet good people willing to help.”
The smile she gave me didn’t reach her eyes. 
“What’s wrong?”
“Rogue is full of good people,” she said with a sweeping gesture as if they were all hiding in the bushes. “But there are no genuine people.”
“There are genuine people everywhere, Lora.”
“That’s not true.”
“It’s true. I’ve been to a bunch of places and every time…”
“I don’t know about other places,” she interrupted, “but here…”
I was in no mood to argue. It was much better to use our time to make some decisions. But she wasn’t ready to let it go. 
“There are two types of people in Rogue. Most are ready to kowtow to Ivan Zahariev at all times – meek, submissive servants who can’t see past the need to put food on the table. You should see them cozying up to him, currying favor… It’s despicable.”
“What about the second type?”
“Nihilists who have abdicated all social responsibility. They’re the worse of the two.”
“There has to be decent people in this town, Lora. There always are.”
“You have no idea.”
“Where do you put Ivan Zahariev’s thugs?”
“They are part of VIP Mining. They don’t count.”
“How so?”
“Some of them are allowed to do anything. They take whatever they want.”
The bitterness in her voice once again made me think she was talking from personal experience. This town had a ton of secrets I wasn’t dying to learn. 
“If I lived in Rogue, what caste would you put me in?”
“You… You are so different…”
“What’s so different about me?”
“You always know what you want and what to do.”
She was very kind and equally delusional. 
“I wish I knew, Lora. I wish I knew!” 
If I’d known there was such a nice place high above Rogue, I would’ve come here last night. The shelter offered protection against rain and wind, the chapel was a source of spiritual power and the beautiful vista charged me with a powerful sense of, perhaps unfounded, optimism. 
Here, the clouds hung lower and seemed even darker. Everything was still – the clouds, the leafing trees around us, the flag that someone had hung from one of the shelter’s columns. And yet, I was willing to bet it wasn’t going to rain. I’d seen skies that threaten rain for days before – most of the time, all that bluster ended in a clear-sky, bright sunset.   
One thought kept nagging me. 
“Lora…”
“Yes?”
“How did you know the code?”
“What code?”
“The security code to that house.”
“Oh, that one. I go there Mondays and Thursdays.”
Holy… So Lora visited Cover Boy’s love nest twice a week. Scheduled visits. What had she said? He brings his whores here. Suddenly, I wanted to know whether she was the main dish or just a snack for lover boy. Or just a quickie? I couldn’t believe she was part of Ivan Zahariev’s harem. 
Lora was studying my face carefully and seemed to read my thoughts because in the next moment she burst out laughing. 
“You don’t imagine… I go there to clean.”
“What?”
“I clean the place to supplement my budget. My salary as the information center’s curator is not that good.”
It was somewhat of a relief, but I needed more assurances. Who was to say Cover Boy wasn’t helping her budget even more? 
“And you two have never… you know?” 
“I and Ivan Zahariev?!” she laughed again. “How could you even think that?”
“Why not?”
“No,” her face turned serious and cold. “Absolutely not.”
“OK.”
We sat under the wooden shelter in the timeless stillness of the secluded meadow. That conversation about Ivan Zahariev’s love nest had taken our minds off of our problems for a bit, but reality quickly rushed back. We fell silent. I could almost hear my time running out in the quiet. Lora started scratching a bump in the bench with one fingernail. 
“I’m glad we met,” she said, smiling. 
That sounded like a goodbye, which had my inner voices protesting. 
“You shouldn’t have gotten involved.”  
“Only time will tell if it was a good idea.”
I was thirsty, but there was no drinking fountain in sight. I looked around for a bottle of water left behind, but environmentalists don’t just leave those lying around. Lora noticed I was distracted and stood up. 
“Come, let me show you the chapel.”
Drinking in the sight of her curly hair, her smile and the rekindled sparkle in her eyes against the backdrop of the white chapel with its old-Bulgarian letter font was surreal. Especially considering that the town’s VIP scum was probably getting closer and closer to us with each passing minute. 

26. 
Inside, the chapel was very neat and tidy. The walls were sparsely but beautifully painted. In my travels around the country, I’d seen frescoes that looked more like graphic novels, abstract pictures or artworks in the Cubism, Surrealism and even Socialist Realism styles.  
These were pretty canonical and full of character. There was a small wood-carved altar. The only white wall was decorated with icons of St. John of Rila, the Virgin Mary and Jesus Christ. 
Two shiny candlesticks completed the interior design. I had no doubt they were made of the brass derived at the mine. That’s what the donor’s inscription said. The entire chapel, bell and all, was one big donation by Ivan Zahariev.  
He obviously fancied himself a religious person. Either that or he was making a down payment on his spot in the afterlife. I could almost see him, candle in one hand, preening at the front of the crowd during the consecration. I tried to picture him whispering a prayer to the heavens. Given what he did here on earth, finding topics of conversation with God was probably a struggle for him.
Lora had lit a candle and was now handing one to me.  
That old fantasy of mine about the curly-haired girl chose that moment to resurface. The clouds outside must have gotten tired of scowling and taken a breather because the warm rays of sundown suddenly poured into the chapel. Lora’s curls were shining in orange and red, her lips stretched into a smile and her eyes became windows to her inner spiritual light. Her sweatshirt had slipped to one side, revealing the gentle curve where her neck and shoulder met. The lit candle in her hand crackled, filling the air with the heavy aroma of honey and wax. The candle she was offering me trembled in her outstretched hand.  
Just like in my dreams, instead of taking the candle, I reached impatiently to caress her face. Lora’s eyes half-closed, her head leaned into my touch. I can hardly put into words what I felt in that moment. 
I knew that the magic would soon be gone. It’s what happened every time. My intuition proved to be true again. 
Someone cleared their throat behind me. 
The sunrays vanished and the light lost its brightness and warmth. Lora’s curls returned to their normal color, her lips pursed. She opened her eyes and looked at me with a mixture of disappointment and fear. I turned around, ready to face the worst-case scenario. I expected to see one of the lackeys of the businessman lording over Rogue. Maybe we had betrayed our location in some cringingly naïve way. Maybe we were screwed. 
But there was no lackey at the chapel door, just a teenager – tenth, eleventh grade at the most, a high schooler – too embarrassed to meet my eyes. 
“I’m sorry, didn’t mean to… interrupt… but I saw it was open and thought to close the door in case it rains…”
Lora stepped out from behind my back, which made the boy’s brows shoot up.
“Lora!”
“Hi! What brings you here?”
“Nothing… um… I was at the forest cabin… took some stuff there.”
“You haven’t been to the information center in a while.”   
“I came. You just weren’t there.”
Lora went over to him and took his hand, which made the young man blush violently as if he’d been dunked into hot water. 
“Come by tomorrow and have some tea with me. What do you say?”
The poor boy had gone so rigid. His body screamed he would drink puddle water if it meant he could run out of the chapel right this second. 
“OK, I’ll come by.”
Lora had been gently pushing him back and now her back was turned to me. I couldn’t see her face, but I was sure that she had that devilish sparkle in her eyes as she whispered in the boy’s ear. 
“You can keep a secret, right?”
The tenth-grader stole a look at me and nodded vigorously. 
“Please don’t tell anyone you’ve seen me here.”
The boy nodded even more vigorously. 
“Thank you!”
“I’m… going now, my father is waiting for me. Bye.”
He was gone as suddenly as he had appeared. He was so happy to have escaped the awkward situation that he never looked back. I watched him go around the wooden shelter and disappear down the path into the forest. 
“Who was that boy?”
“Gancho.”
“Gancho?”
“Yes, Gancho.”
“Seems like a nice kid.”
“He is. He helps me at the information center every once in a while. A bit distracted.”
“What do you mean?”
“His father raised him as a single parent. His mother left when Gancho was three. And his father… he is a police officer.”
“Are you serious?”
“Yup.”
The sky had once again turned dull grey with darker blotches scattered all over it. The clouds seemed determined to hide the sun forever or maybe it had already set. 
“You think he’ll talk?”
“I don’t know. Telling his father would be enough.”
I imagined a uniformed policeman questioning the boy. Why are you late? What took you so long up there? Look at me when you answer!
“We can’t stay here, can we?”     
“No.”
Why was Ivan Zahariev even bothering to go after me? He could just leave it all to my bad luck. With all the things that had gone against me, I was starting to get superstitious. Even if I somehow escaped the local baron’s clutches, some well-intentioned kid would probably run me over on the road out of Rogue. It would just be a freak accident.   
A version of that had practically happened. If Stoyan hadn’t taken me to the hospital, I would have long forgotten about Ivan Zahariev by now. Stoyan had done it out of the goodness of his heart, he’d meant well.  
I remembered a warm June night many years ago when I had a stint working as a janitor in the Pirogov Trauma Center in Sofia. I was using a break between the usual influxes of late-night and early-morning patients to drink a cup of coffee out in the parking lot. A young Roma man was nervously pacing outside, looking for someone to ask for a cigarette. I offered him one and we got talking. His brother was having surgery inside – bruises, scrapes, broken ribs. That’s Roma people, I thought dismissively, fighting and quarreling in the ghetto. But the man went on to explain that his brother got hurt when a bear stepped on him and crushed his bones. A bear? I couldn’t figure out why on earth a bear would walk over his brother. So I asked him. For health, of course!  he said dead serious.  
At the end of the day, there was a high likelihood I wouldn’t get hurt by Ivan Zahariev and his thugs, but that a local would mess things up for me, driven by a desire to help me. For my health. 
So much for this chapel as the last safe haven. I would keep fighting until the bitter end, though.    
“What’s this cabin that… Gancho mentioned?”
“What about it?”
“Is it livable?”
“It’s not exactly a cabin.”
“Then what is it?”
“The forest rangers built it to have a place they can hang out and drink until they fall under the table.”
“Can one sleep in it?”
“I’m not sure there are beds, couches, any of that stuff.”
“Is it far from here?”
“No.”
“Do you mind if we take a look?”
“Are you serious?”
“What do you suggest? That we just sit here until Gancho’s father shows up with his police siren blaring?”
Lora shrugged her shoulders and sighed. Maybe she, too, was getting tired of all that rushing from one place to another. Or maybe she was in that cranky mood you get after a beautiful moment gets snatched away. Maybe she’d expected me to take her in my arms and keep her all to myself, away from the world... I wanted that too. I imagined it. I fantasized about it. But I could never hold her and open my heart to her until I’d shaken off all the darkness clinging to me. Anything else would be agony. 

27. 
A dirt road with two deep grooves in the green grass started behind the makeshift stage at the far edge of the meadow. I followed Lora into the forest, trying to walk the line between the pronounced grooves, where the ground was highest and driest. It felt like the road was descending, but it could just be that my feet kept sliding in the mud. Lora was trudging ahead of me. She probably expected me to catch up with her, give her a hug and take her hand… I could also be imagining things. 
The cabin wasn’t far away. If a forest ranger shouted at the top of their lungs in a quiet winter night, their voice would probably carry all the way to the chapel. In the summer, the leafage of all those trees would muffle such a war cry. 
The cabin was built in the same style as the wooden shelter back by the chapel. But it was an actual small house, with doors, windows and furniture and all that. I peeked inside through one window. There was no sign of beds, but the place looked cozy. Inside, the entire cabin was one single space. There was a four-legged, wood-burning stove, a kitchen sink, wooden tables and benches. Red cloth covered the tables, traditional Rhodope blankets – the benches. The windows were partially hidden behind white cotton curtains, deer antlers and wild boar tusks mounted on wooden boards hung on the walls next to paintings depicting hunting and fishing scenes. The rangers seemed to have collaborated with the local hunters on the interior design. There were some logs under the stove, dishes and glasses on the shelves over the sink. Good stuff.  
It reminded me of the house from the Hansel and Gretel fairy tale. I had no doubt I was going to spend the night there. It was better than anything else I’d seen in Rogue so far. All I had to do was figure out how to get in, since both doors were locked. 
“There has to be a key tucked somewhere here,” Lora said, contemplating the darkening sky. 
I was surprised the cabin was even locked. So far, Rogue residents had shown themselves to be nice, easy-going people, who didn’t particularly value locks and happily gave their stuff to the first stranger.    
I started checking the cracks in the wooden façade and turning over the stones in front of the steps. Lora, who seemed to be more experienced in this, beat me to it and found the key under an empty clay flowerpot on the windowsill. 
It was cozy inside and it smelled of pine. I took off my jacket and went to look for something to eat. My hunger was ratcheting up. I was dying for something sour or hot or salty or fried, anything really, as long as it packed some calories in a tasty mix. 
“Why do they even bother to lock this place up?”
“Because of wild animals.” 
I wouldn’t have guessed it. 
Here, just like in Ivan Zahariev’s love nest, food was nowhere to be found. The cabin was even more ascetic – there wasn’t even ice-cream. There was no fridge, for that matter. I saw a salt shaker and tin boxes full of sugar, coffee, different types of tea and herbs. No shortage of alcohol, just like with lover boy’s crib. I untwisted the caps of several plastic bottles, hoping to find water, but they were all filled with plum and grape rakia  from various vintages. Gnawing hunger was turning into a loyal companion for me. I thought about making coffee at least, but the cabin was not connected to the power grid and I wasn’t about to start the wood-burning stove.  
It could wait. 
With no power sources in the cabin, there had to be candles, flashlights and gas lamps in the cabinets. Forest rangers and hunters like comfort so I couldn’t imagine this bunch drinking themselves silly in the dark. Finding a source of light before it had gone completely dark outside was preferable. 
“I’ll go get some food,” Lora said. 
“From where?”
“From home.” 
“You’re not going anywhere. It’s getting dark.”
“Don’t worry, I won’t get lost. What would you like?”
Since you so graciously ask, I’d like lobster, octopus, caviar and a bottle of 1986 chardonnay. 
“I don’t know. Some bread, salami, yellow cheese… that sort of thing. And water.”
“There has to be water somewhere around here.”
I felt a pang deep in my gut. I couldn’t remember the last time I’d worried about someone. Suddenly, I was gripped by paralyzing fear – that I would never see her again. That she would slip and break her neck, get eaten by wolves, hit by a car or shot by a drunken hunter, that sort of thing. I got scared that she wouldn’t come back and I would never be able to forgive myself for letting her go. The premonition sent shivers down my spine. 
“You won’t be long, right?” 
Lora nodded and glanced at the window as if she was expecting someone to show up and ruin the moment. 
“Lora…”
“Yes?”
“You are coming back, right?”
“Do you want me to come back?”
“Yes.”
“Don’t do anything stupid until I get back,” she said, squeezing my hand. 
I went in for a kiss, but she turned around at the same time and my lips touched her curls. Without another word, she stepped out into the darkening sparse forest. She seemed distant… No, that wasn’t exactly it. She seemed to have purposefully retreated into her shell, as if to show me how slow I was. I hoped she would come back. I really believed she would.  
Until then, I had work to do. I finally found a small flashlight in a drawer, along with nails, wires, screws and screwdrivers. Time to tour the house. I pulled on the handle of one window and it opened with a horrendous screech, letting fresh air in. 
I found little beyond what I’d already seen. The spacious room had several recessed sections – one stacked with kindling and logs, another one full of empty plastic bottles, and a third one housing three folding chairs… There wasn’t even a restroom. I imagined the tipsy hunters relieving themselves outside, laughing their asses off. 
One of the recesses was behind a curtain. I pulled it back to reveal a staircase, which led to something like the second floor of a maisonette. It wasn’t exactly a hiding place. More like, the curtain was there to stop the hot air coming from the stove from going up. 
I turned on the flashlight and went up the steps. The space beneath the ceiling was divided into three small rooms. Old pieces of furniture, clothes and blankets had been tossed in two of them. The third room was the best one in the cabin. Four mattresses were lying on the floor along one wall, covered with traditional Bulgarian rugs. Anywhere from four to ten people could sleep here, depending on how snuggly they were willing to get. The opposite wall was taken up by a low floor-to-ceiling triangular window. A candlestick with two candles was set on the small table next to it. There were no pillows or coverings, but the things stored in the other two attic rooms could provide some creative solutions. I pictured myself and Lora having dinner under the candlelight – alone in the forest, away from the social norms – and sweet excitement coursed through my body. It would be my most romantic evening in years. A wave of chills ran through me with the realization that I’d allowed myself to feel. Like a completely regular person.   
I walked back down to the living room, closed the window and got down to lighting a fire in the stove. The wood seemed enough to sustain me through the night. When I was a kid, my grandmother had the same stove with two small doors – to the compartments where the fire burned and the ash was collected, respectively – and an oven. She cooked fantastic, delicious meals the likes of which I hadn’t tasted since. I knew that once the fire got really going the room would warm up pretty quickly. I gave it half an hour tops, even though it was a lot of space.     
Even if Lora brought back nothing more than bread, butter and cheese, it would be the tastiest dinner in the world for me. Without even closing my eyes, I could almost see her sitting at the table, smiling, reaching to touch my hand with hers. Her voice is soft and velvety, her eyes – warm and all-forgiving. Her curls glisten in the candlelight, her lips burn with anticipation. 
Something had gotten over me. I was all dreamy. I was in love.  
I still needed to find water. Maybe the rangers new a secret spring in the area. Maybe it was pretty close. Or maybe they brought water with them every time they came here. If they left bottles or containers in the cabin, they could come back to find anything from puddles to blocks of ice the next time, especially if the weather was as cold as the past few days. If they came back today, they would have the bonus surprise of a stranger trespassing on their property. 
The tree leaves outside the window suddenly got brightly lit. In the next second, my mind latched onto the grinding sound of a motor. Thank god the flashlight was on the stove, turned off, at that exact moment.  
I got down to the ground and went to look out the window. I couldn’t believe my eyes. A police vehicle had parked outside the cabin – Lada Niva with all the usual police markings.  
The little bastard had told his father! Or had Lora rushed to betray me? No, that wasn’t it. No more than a half hour had passed since she left. It wasn’t enough time for her to go down to town and alert the cops and for them to drive up here. 
Five men got out of the car. The headlights beamed onto the tree trunks and the most eager of leaves on their lower branches, but the men remained in shadow. One of them switched a flashlight on and turned to the cabin. I curled up on the floor, my mind felt fuzzy from all the thoughts swirling in my head at once. Strangely enough, my inner voices had once again gone quiet at a time when I most needed them. I had to split, but there was no way to get out of the cabin. If I opened one of the windows, all that squeaking would draw the policemen’s attention. I hadn’t found a key to the back door and smashing through walls and windowpanes wasn’t much of an option.   
The men outside were talking loudly and cracking up. They were probably smelling easy prey and not in any rush. In this situation, provincial cops could be expected to surround the cabin and shout out things like get out of there slowly and keep your hands in the air. These guys showed no signs they were about to do that. Perhaps they were the savviest, most cold-blooded ones in town and that was why they had been sent after me. 
I had a couple of options left – to squeeze myself into the oven or pose as a stuffed wild boar. Or… actually, there was no third option. I remembered that exhibition scene of the hunters with their double-barreled shotguns at the information center and felt a pang of dread. Tomorrow Lora might have another episode from the Rogue lore to reenact in her ethnographic section – police officers capture Emil Milev. 
Love, work, fun. I wondered which category I fit for these policemen – work or fun. I heard the first one stomping his feet on the steps outside. 
The steps! 
I grabbed my stinky jacket, loped across the room like a deer and disappeared behind the curtain. I tiptoed up the stairs and snuck into the closest room. I turned on the flashlight to have a better look at my surroundings. I was hoping to find something that could be weaponized.   
When I was a kid, my grandmother used to sing to me a song about a really brave young man fighting to protect the long-suffering Bulgarians under Ottoman rule. The empire’s authorities caught and killed him, then put his head on a spike to brandish around as a gruesome warning that no one was bigger than the sultan. The entire village gathered in the square to lament the fate of its protector. Finally, a feeble old woman joined them – the young man’s mother. At the sight of her son’s severed head, she became overcome by grief. And then, something strange happened – the commander of the Ottomans consoled the wailing woman, telling her that her son died as a hero. We searched nine mountains until we found him, nine ropes snapped before we tied him, nine swords broke before his head was offed. 
As a kid, my active imagination recreated the chilling scene, I even dreamed about it a few times. To this day, I still wonder whether the Ottoman Turk’s words eased the old woman’s pain. Life had taught me to never go down without a fight. Of course, there could be no comparison between me and that courageous young man. Yet, I can’t help but imagine at times what it was like for him.  
Nothing in the room could double as a weapon. Two frayed footstools, a dozen or so folded blankets, a couple of sets of combat fatigues, a railway worker’s peaked cap and two pairs of rubber boots as well as bags of old newspapers and magazines – that was the inventory. For a moment, I was seized by a wildly inappropriate desire to empty the bags out and rummage through the yellow print editions for an old issue of Woman Today with a young Ivan Zahariev gracing its fashion covers, posing all smug and cocky among beauties…
Honestly, I would have been happier with a hammer, a poke, a pair of fire tongs. I wouldn’t have minded an ax either. What did these people use to chop firewood? Or did they bring the logs already chopped into pieces? 
Whatever instruments lied around the cabin, none of them were in the attic. The main, and probably only, habitable room was downstairs so it was only logical that all the basic necessities would be there too.   
The front door opened a couple of times. Either they were looking for me and finding it hard to believe I wasn’t there or they were carrying stuff into the cabin. A lot of stuff if their grunts were any indication. Their loud voices and raucous laughs travelled up the stairs. They weren’t acting like police officers on a mission to capture a dangerous idiot. They were acting like people getting ready to party. 
I didn’t come to that realization until three more cars stopped outside the cabin. 

28. 
There was no way this many men had been sent to apprehend me. Plus, none of them had checked the attic. I caught snippets of conversation that made it clear the cops had come to kick back and enjoy themselves. To that end, they had unloaded a ton of alcoholic drinks and were already making toasts. 
The fire in the stove crackled, feasting on the kindling I’d prepared, and the cabin slowly filled with the smell of burning pine. By the time the fourth group of revelers arrived, notes of sautéed onions, fried meet and grilled sausage had spiced up the air. 
I pictured the long table laden with thin slices of pastirma  and beef jerky, fat, jiggly pieces of headcheese and pacha , piles of green leafy vegetables… potato salad with onion and vinegar… pickled vegetables… 
Forget self-defense, I would have used the ax that I never found to attack them for all that food. Anyway, they outnumbered me badly and that was a good deterrent. For now.   
I cracked the door open to better hear what they were saying. Most of them were blabbering on top of each other about anything and everything. They were pretty stoked about having a feast. If smashing a window was ever going to be my escape plan, this was the perfect moment – the sound of breaking glass just might have gone unnoticed in the hubbub downstairs. Instead, I tiptoed downstairs and peeked through the crack between the curtain and the cold wall. 
There were at least six police officers. There might have been more, but my view to the rest of the room was obstructed by the wall. There were also five men in combat fatigues, one in a green shirt, two wearing tan sweaters – similar to mine – and a big guy in a track suit. A small, older man was fussing over the stove, preparing food. Food, food, food… The table was actually laden with appetizers, dishes and delicacies, not to mention the army of glasses and bottles of alcohol. The forest cabin had turned into a Rogue cornucopia. I wanted to run out, grab fistfuls of food and stuff my face. I gulped down the excess saliva watering my mouth.  
One of the police officers turned to the guy in the green shirt and raised his glass. The two of them took a sip and the cop asked:  
“Who did we leave down there?”
“No one.”
“What do you mean no one?”
“What I said.”
Another police officer cut in: 
“What about Dobrev?”
“Dobrev is coming later,” one of the camouflage guys supplied. “If he can fix his Opel, that is.” 
“What about Halachev?”
“I’m here, boss! Yow! Cheers!”
Then they started talking on top of each other again. 
“And no one stayed behind to guard?”
“Guard what? Against the sky falling?”
“What if that wacko gets away?” 
“I think he’s long gone.” 
“Mr. Zahariev told us to stay put, you remember?”
“Come on now! Freezing your ass off last night wasn’t enough for you?”
“If he finds out about this, we’re toast.”
“What’s he going to do? Fire us?” 
The more they spoke, the less they listened to each other. It was as if they were talking to themselves, they didn’t expect a response either. 
“He used the dam to escape, I’m sure of it. I’ve seen this in a movie.”
“Cheers, buddy!” 
“Cheers, ranger!”
“Happy Forest Week!”
“Man, Zahariev has completely gone off the rails…”
“Hey, did you bring the wine?” 
“It looks like we’re going to have rainy spring this year.”
“Todor, throw one more sausage on the grill. I’m starving, brother!”
And so on and so forth…  
I listened in for about two-three minutes more and went back up to the room with the footstools and sat down on one of them. I had to gnash my teeth to keep from screaming in helpless rage. I wanted to drag out my luck from whatever whole it was cowering in and wring its neck.  
All law enforcement agents of Rogue had gathered in the cabin. Half of the men were already soaked. No one was guarding the town exit and by some cruel twist of fate I was stuck in a tiny attic. On the very night that the blockade had been lifted, I was squirming like a ferret in my self-made cage unable to think of a way to get out of the cabin. I was mad enough to eat nails, which, incidentally, would likely help with my hunger.    
Clinging to the last vestiges of hope, I tried the windows of the three attic rooms. They weren’t designed to open. The only way through them was if I broke the glass. I could smash it with something soft, like a rubber boot, and it wouldn’t make that loud of a noise, but the shards would rain on the tiles below, right under the nose of the merry company. I would then have to jump out and essentially follow the same trajectory to the ground before I could dash down the dirt road, feet slipping in its muddy grooves in the dark of the cloudy night. It was a desperate plan, sure, but I wasn’t ready to throw it away. As long as there were sober men at that table, though, my chances were low. 
I was hoping that at some point those drunkards would pass out. I couldn’t care less how they spent the night in the cabin as long as they were sauced enough to not wonder who I was in the off chance that we crossed paths on my way out. But as time ticked by, the party only grew louder instead of dying down. For about an hour, which felt like three hours to me, they sang “If I Perish or Die”, “Iliya Built a House” and other folk classics beloved by the boozed-up. From time to time, they went outside to fire their guns and shotguns, take a piss and shout at the top of their lungs. I wouldn’t be shocked if they brought in a bear to walk all over them for health before the night was over.   
What impressed me most was that dismissive attitude of some of the men toward Ivan Zahariev. If he were there, no one would dare talk like that about him. The people of Rogue didn’t respect him nearly as much as it seemed at first glance and I found that encouraging. The men preferred to eat and drink together instead of satisfying his whims. That, too, filled me with reckless optimism.   
Sitting in the attic room, I heard another car rumbling to a stop outside. Two doors slammed shut, but the motor was left running. I peeked out of the low window, but the car had stopped too close to the cabin and I could only spot one red tail light. Even though it didn’t make sense, I knew Lora had finally come back. It wasn’t just a gut feeling, I was absolutely sure. What was she up to? Was she aware that the cabin was chock-full of hammered rangers, cops and hunters? And who was the other person with her?  
Maybe she had brought reinforcement. 
I tiptoed down the stairs and stood behind my pitiful embrasure – the crack between the curtain and the wall. 
The front door opened and a large man filled its frame. A chorus of approving calls and whistles sounded from the table. 
“About time, Dobrev!” one of the cops scooted down half a meter to make room for the newcomer. “Come sit with me.”
“Don’t listen to that damn CSKA  fan,” green shirt guy yelled. “Come sit with us!”
“What type of rakia are you drinking?” another one chimed in. 
Despite the warm welcome, Dobrev didn’t look happy to see them at all. He took a couple of steps to the stove and hung his head as if he was bearing bad news. Then the bad news walked into the cabin. 
“Cheers, gentlemen!”
Ivan Zahariev’s voice was quiet, even and yet somehow every word rang clearly like marbles bouncing off the tiles. 
That bastard!
My legs started twitching from the knees down. 
The silence in the room was disturbed only by the crackling of the lit candles. Even I was scared to breathe. Cover Boy had shown up out of the blue. His presence alone was enough to kill the mood of any party room. The look in his eyes was calm, without a trace of censure. I felt irrationally guilty on behalf of these men so I could only imagine what this was like for them. They had gone so tight that no one returned his greeting. No one thought to offer him a seat, serve him a drink.   
Ivan Zahariev lit a cigarette, took a puff and blew out a long stream of smoke. 
“Todor, when is your retirement due?”
“This July, Mr. Zahariev,” the cook standing sentry by the stove answered. “July nineteenth.”
“July… OK.”
Cover Boy kicked something on the floor with the tip of his shoe and pulled his foot back as if afraid to get dirty.
“What about you, Halachev? Isn’t your boy graduating from high school this year?”
“Yes, he is.”
“What was your son called again?”
“Gancho.” 
“Oh, that’s right, Gancho.”
Ivan Zahariev went pensive. He pulled on his cigarette a couple of times causing the burning tip to flare up in the poorly lit room. 
“Dimi, have you paid off your loan yet?”
“Eight more installments, Mr. Zahariev. I’ll be done by the end of the year.”
“It’ll be over before you know it, right?”
Dimi said nothing.   
It was all quite absurd. 
As if Ivan Zahariev had come all the way up here from town only to question his subordinates about everyday life in Rogue and their personal situations. 
“Ah, Mr. Simeonov! I’m surprised to find you here.”
“I… yes. It’s Forest Week you know and… we… decided…”
“Of course, of course.”
Cover Boy finally went over to the table. He picked up a fork, speared a piece of something from a plate, took a sniff of it and put the fork back down.
“Touching.”
He flicked the cigarette butt onto the floor and slowly ground it under his shoe. Without saying another word, he turned and walked out. A minute later, the car that had brought him to the cabin passed by the window on its way to town.
The men sat in stunned silence. Then some of them stood up reluctantly and shuffled out. They mumbled unintelligible excuses and one even apologized for having to go. Dobrev left too, not that I got why he’d come in the first place. Maybe he was the only one Ivan Zahariev had managed to find in town and so he’d promptly led the engineer to the rest of the bunch. 
Several pairs of headlights receded into the distance. About a dozen men, mostly forest rangers, were left in the cabin, but the party was over. Heavy silence hung over the room. No more singing, laughing, swearing, shouting and brandishing guns. Only a murmur of a conversation.   
Zahariev sure knew how to get things done with few words. He did it with the ease and casualness of regular people seasoning their potato salad with vinegar.  
That’s when I realized once and for all that I was never sneaking out of this place. Hiding wasn’t going to do the trick. Skulking in basements, attics and forest hideaways wasn’t going to work either. I had to face Ivan Zahariev and best him. There was no other way. Somehow, some way, I had to beat him. I needed a well-thought-out plan.   
Well, I had the whole night ahead of me.  
I had no idea how to get out of the cabin. There was no point now anyway. I climbed back up to the attic.  
Lora never showed up. At least not while I was awake. The party might have ended in the middle of the night or gone on until the morning, all I knew was I woke up to clanking in the kitchen. The cabin had fallen quiet. Weak light filtered through the triangular floor-to-ceiling window of the attic room. I was alone. Maybe none of the men had slept, not in my room for sure. But there were still people in the cabin.  
Someone was washing dishes and glasses at the kitchen sink. There was no lively conversation, no footsteps, only the sound of methodical scrubbing, rinsing and stacking of dishes on slotted racks. I thought about that young boy, Gancho, we’d met at the chapel. He’d probably come to set up the cabin for the party – maybe even chop some wood. Papa’s good boy! And now he was here cleaning up. Actually, there had to be at least two of them – no one person could wash the dishes and pour warm water to rinse them at the same time.
My stomach rumbled like a big, empty wholesale cheese can. I was torn between the competing urges of wasting no time to slip out of the cabin and waiting for everyone to be gone so I could feast on the leftovers. In the meantime, I could change into combat fatigues. There was logic in it – changing my clothes every day would help confuse my enemies. Unfortunately, all the camouflage clothes were made for shorter and considerably fatter people than me. Never mind, I had a plan and it didn’t require a change of clothing. 
My plan was pretty naïve, which is what I hoped would make it work. I’m not someone who plots complex schemes and long-term strategies. I take one day at a time and try not to stress. I’d gotten to the age of forty-one that way. True, I don’t have any of the accomplishments listed in those self-help books that teach you how to be successful. But I lead an honest, modest and decent life, at least according to my ideas, and I feel great in my own skin.  

29. 
In about an hour, the last of the unregulated tavern’s visitors was gone. The key turned in the lock, the voices faded away and the sound of a running motor trailed off, swallowed by the forest. 
I waited a couple more minutes just to be safe and went downstairs. I prayed to every god I knew that there was something left to eat in the cabin. Either the gods had long turned away from me or they had misheard because there was no food. Not a crumb. 
I felt angry enough to tear out the window frames. The gluttons had been stuffing their faces with all sorts of delicacies all night, some had probably barfed from overeating and overdrinking, while I was weak with hunger in the attic. They could have left me two slices of toasted bread and half a jar of lyutenitsa  at least. But no, they had to take everything with them. Cheapskates. They’d even cleaned up the crumbs. Literally.  
Then logic returned to me – of course, they wouldn’t leave food in the cabin. I doubted they came every night, maybe not even every week. If their next bender wasn’t coming until next month, any leftover food would go bad. It would only tempt some starving animal to find a way into the cabin.  
Alright, breakfast wasn’t meant to be today either. Whatever, breakfasts are for ninnies anyway, as a colleague of mine once said. Fine, I would just concentrate on the serious stuff, then. 
And then I saw it – a piece of salami the size of a glass of water. It had rolled on the ground and ended up wedged under the blanket neatly folded by the bench. At first, I thought I was hallucinating, but then I reached down, picked it up and sniffed it.  
It was salami. A real piece of unpeeled larded sausage. 
I didn’t even have to cut it, they’d already done it for me. Flat chips hung on a single spine. I blew on it to get the dirt off and took a huge bite. This was hands-down the best breakfast imaginable. If you’ve never gone three days without food, you wouldn’t understand. I’d seen people staring at the contents of their fridge for minutes, unable to decide between the smoked neck and the smoked breast meat of some animal or other. I’d seen people studying types of bread in the store for half an hour. I’d seen people nursing a bowl of fragrant chicken soup, only to leave it untouched in the end. You must have seen such people too. None of them suspect that happiness is one bout of hunger away. 
Hunger is a beautiful sensation.  
I scarfed down the piece of salami barely giving myself time to chew. My hunger wasn’t going to be satiated with two hundred grams  of salami, but at least the pangs got dulled.
It suddenly hit me that I owed my breakfast to Ivan Zahariev. That piece of salami had to be what Cover Boy had kicked with the tip of his shoe last night. It had rolled underneath the blanket and stayed there until I found it and pounced on it, overwhelmed with gratitude.   
Wow!
Now I could concentrate on the serious stuff. The first step in my plan was to visit the information center.  
I climbed out through the window and pushed it closed as well as I could. I didn’t want some poor doe to get inside and trash the entire place trying to get out.  
Some fifty steps away from the cabin, I found the forest rangers’ source of drinking water. It was more of a small well, but there was enough water to fill the bottles and containers I’d seen inside. Or to freshen up. I brushed my teeth, washed my face, finger-combed my hair and drank my fill. Can you really get a clean slate if you’re still dirty?  
I walked down the dirt road, once again trying to avoid the grooves. Last night’s drives to the cabin had churned the mud anew, making it much more slippery than yesterday. I could’ve at least taken the rubber boots from that attic room, but that thought caught up with me way down the road. Anyway, the boots wouldn’t have made me slip any less. The dirt road, as any other road in the mountains, followed the soft curves of the slopes. Soon, the houses of Rogue became visible through the trees in full leaf. I had no idea where this route was going to take me so I was desperately looking around for a familiar point of reference.    
Historically speaking, older settlements formed from the slopes down as a way to leave more land free for farming. As expansion marched on, new neighborhoods would pop up in the flatland. Conversely, more modern settlements were originally built on flatland – since agriculture was no longer a leading economic sector – and would then grow toward the slopes of any nearby mountain. Rogue was a relatively new town. Its neighborhoods had barely started crawling up the slopes.      
The forest thinned out. Through the rooftops of the outermost houses I spotted the towering ship of the Town Hall. There was something metaphorical in the presence of this structure in a mountain town. The architect had either exacted his revenge for getting sent to design a public building way in the backwoods or coded a message about surviving the biblical flood. 
I imagined the dark skies finally opening up and rain pouring down for hours until rivers of mud and muddy water start flowing down the slopes. Scared, the residents of Rogue gather at the Town Hall in search of a safe place. And when a giant wave finally sweeps through the town, the ship building floats on the water, taking its passengers to a safe haven somewhere in the Upper Thracian Lowlands, ending their misery of having to toil in the Rogue mines. 
Slowly and methodically, the road took me to the north-eastern part of the town. It went past several abandoned farming facilities – barns, cattle-sheds, cattle-pens – and merged with the cobblestone streets of Rogue.  
One of the barns looked like it could come handy in my plan so I made sure to memorize my exact route and the surroundings. 
As I was walking down the street, a guard dog barked at me from the first house, then another chimed in from the house opposite. A cranky rooster crowed its displeasure as if scolding the dogs. Or maybe it was telling me stop dawdling, you don’t have time. That much was true. I had no time to lose. 
I kept up a fast pace, but I made sure to file away a mental snapshot of each and every building along the road. There were a couple of nice houses with gardens in their front yards. I passed by a school painted bright green. I’d heard about “green school” before, but that was taking it a bit too literally, which could well be how Rogue residents viewed the world and life in general. Or maybe Stoyan had cast the decisive vote, as the local environmentalist, in the color selection. It wouldn’t surprise me. I’d met environmentalists who thought that painting your trash can green was enough to protect the environment. Others didn’t have any qualms about disposing of toxic waste as long as they went into the right recycling container. I had a lot of questions for environmentalists and I didn’t mind asking them of Stoyan. But that could wait.     
I was hoping I could see Lora first. After yesterday evening, I felt there were things left unsaid between us. It was possible she was upset with me. Plus, she didn’t come back to the cabin last night and I was worried something had happened to her. Having her mad at me but OK was much more preferable than the other way round.  
As it turned out, finding out would have to wait. Lora wasn’t at the information center. The door still couldn’t close all the way after yesterday’s Meathead raid. I pulled it open and stepped inside. The place was quiet and empty. No sign of Lora.   
It occurred to me that she might have finally gone to the cabin and taken a shortcut so we had ended up missing each other. Then again, maybe she was at one of her municipal council sessions or to the household-items store to replace all the teacups the Meatheads had smashed. Or maybe Ivan Zahariev had banished her to Tutrakan.    
It would’ve been great if she just suddenly showed up, but I had no time to wait or look for her. I had to act swiftly. I lifted the book for guest reviews and took the four orange files. I was there mostly for them. I sat down on the floor and riffed through the pages. The tragic story told by the documents and photos made me sad. But it also made me determined.   
A minute later I closed the files, put the elastic band back around them, opened the door and snuck out. All I had to do was get to the town square in one piece. If my plan worked, I would have a chance to see Lora later. 
 
30. 
Rogue had a typical small-town square – lots of tiles, grass and flower areas, tattered flags outside the Town Hall, a fountain out of order, luxury office spaces for the local feudal lord, several stores, a couple of cafes with early-bird outdoor umbrellas, a restaurant with a ton of flowerpots on its windowsills, a bank and a post office. That last one was my target.
The town center was downright lively. Two cashiers were smoking in front of a baby store, while three old men were chatting outside one of the cafes. A tall youngster, who strongly resembled Gancho, crossed the square. For a moment there, I thought he might be carrying a bat. But then I got a better look at it when we passed each other and the potential weapon turned out to be an umbrella.  
As I was walking past the restaurant, I glanced at the flowerpots arranged on the inside. Admittedly, I wasn’t much of an expert, but it seemed to me that the front of a restaurant decorated with a blooming geranium was just as stupid as the front of a restaurant without a blooming geranium. Maybe that’s why the designer choice here was to have blooming ones next to not blooming ones all the way down the row.    
My eyes went to the only table that was taken. Ivan Zahariev was sitting right in front of me – blue-eyed, suited up and elegant, as if out of a 20th-cenutry magazine photoshoot. Two similarly dandy gentlemen were sitting at his sides. There were a couple of plates on the table – mostly leafy green stuff – and three glasses of red wine. 
Ivan Zahariev betrayed no reaction to our unexpected meeting – not one face muscle moved. I managed to remain impassive as well. We stared at each other for a long moment. Then he broke eye contact and his gaze traveled down to the files in my hand. From the way his piercing eyes snapped back to my face, I knew he’d figured it all out. I left him to his lunch and the company of his business partners and moved on. From the corner of my eye I saw him saying something to the two men and taking out a cell phone from the inside pocket of his impeccable suit jacket.  
Ten more steps and I was inside the post office.  
Have you ever been to a small-town post office? Those buildings normally date back to another era, when every home used to have an old radio and the population growth in Bulgaria was not only positive, but double-digit. I imagine that in those days people queued before counters to send telegrams, make calls from phone boots, send and receive packages, get their pensions or wired money, send letters…   
Nowadays, most people don’t use the post office for these things. But the buildings are still standing, still have an entire row of counters. The Rogue post office was no exception. I found myself in a cold cavernous hall, with a dirty marble floor and seven closed counters. The eight one was opened. I went over and was met by the familiar sight of lottery tickets plastered all over the Plexiglas partition, behind which a woman my age was reading a newspaper. 
“Hello!”     
The woman lowered her newspaper, looked me over and reluctantly put down her engrossing read. 
“I’m listening.” 
“I’d like to send some documents. Do you have a large envelope they could fit in?” 
“Let me see them.”
I showed her the orange files, careful not to reveal the content. The woman procured one of those brown envelopes lined with bubble wrap on the inside and proceeded to tap on her computer keyboard. 
“Where to?”
“Sofia.”
I put the files inside the envelope and sealed it.
“Address of the recipient?”
“Nova TV.”
The woman threw me a look that said she expected more, but I didn’t know the address. She was quickly losing patience. 
“Street name, number?” she prompted.  
“I don’t know. Can’t you look it up?”
I was wasting her precious reading time, which soured her mood, but she made the effort to find the address on the internet and even wrote it on the envelope herself. She flipped the package onto the metal scales and scribbled something with her pen. 
“Seven, twenty-five.” 
You’re kidding! 
“Can I post it at the recipient’s expense?”
“If you’re sure they’ll pay.”
“Oh, they’ll pay alright!”
“OK.”
The woman wrote some more on the envelope with a flourish and went back to tapping on her keyboard for what seemed like an eternity. She slipped a receipt under the Plexiglas partition and before I’d had time to say thank you, she slammed the counter shut and resumed her newspaper reading.  
On my way out, I noticed that one of the women outside the baby store was watching me. I couldn’t tell if she was still racking her brain or she’d already remembered where she’d seen me before. I knew who she was – the woman who had pointed me to the office of Ivan Zahariev the other day. One of the VIP Mining employees I’d apologized to after causing a commotion.  
The woman was holding a plastic cup of coffee and I was this close to snatching it and knocking it back in one gulp. The effects of caffeine withdrawal were starting to take over me. 
As if that wasn’t enough, a big black SUV stopped outside the office of the mining empire and the roided losers spilled out. This new SUV was a bit larger, smoother-shaped and easier on the eye compared to the one I’d damaged. That one was probably in the car shop, since all the parking spots outside VIP Mining were empty.      
The Meatheads looked around and spotted me. They headed toward me, their gait slow and confident – they knew I had nowhere to go. It occurred to me that the guy with the three stripes on his cheek could be a face for Adidas if those turned into scars. The scratches were short and thick and would take a long time to heal, especially if the burly fella abused his fitness powders as I suspected. The other guy was visibly fine save for a darker spot on the side of his round head – where I had kicked him one last time. The thugs kept their eyes on me. They looked smug. We got you now, their manner said.  
They were yet to notice the approaching gaggle of children. Two young preschool teachers were leading a procession of kids on a stroll. They shouted, gave instructions and urged the little ones to hurry up. The kids were walking in pairs, simultaneously holding hands with the kid next to them and holding onto the jacket of the kid in front in an endearing, colorful and noisy human chain. They also posed a formidable obstacle taking up half the square. They looked like ducklings waddling after their mother on a mission to explore the wide world. The thugs made a move to push through the preschoolers, but stopped themselves and opted to walk around them. I had no intention of waiting for them. I turned the corner at the post office and dashed down the street.    
In small towns, centers are in stark contrast with the rest of the town and the cut-off line is pretty clear. It’s as if two different settlements have been spliced together. One second I was in the square, surrounded by public buildings and people, and the next I was running down empty streets flanked by single-story houses with dilapidated fences and unkempt front yards. I was sprinting, hoping to lose my chasers before they’d gotten an idea of where I was going. The thugs had no chance of keeping up with me on foot, not unless they found a way to magically drop some weight first. And if they chose to go back and hop in their SUV first, I would be gone by the time they went after me.      
It dawned on me that a man running would seem out of place in the languid idyll of Rogue and easily draw the attention of a random passerby or a tourist. I slowed down to a walk along the sidewalk. I was about three blocks away from the town square and just passing by the green school building. A group of students were sitting in the yard – two of the girls were smoking, one boy was sucking on a plastic beer bottle. No teacher or school administrator in sight to straighten them out with a big stick in hand. Or maybe there were no other students in Rogue so these were getting the kid-glove treatment.   
Leaving the school behind, I took a turn to the right, where a house had stood out to me earlier. It was a two-story home with a hedge for a fence. The next-door houses had a similar look. Maybe I was in the affluent part of town. 
The dog that had barked at me earlier went off again. It launched itself at the hedge with ear-splitting, ferocious barking. It was a Doberman Pinscher. Instinctively, I turned to run away, but in the last possible moment I spotted the wire fence behind the greenery. The dog snarled and barked fiercely – its inability to reach me only served to feed its frenzy. Maybe right this moment Ivan Zahariev was going through the same experience as this Doberman.    
I’d seen people take pleasure in agitating dogs from behind a fence. I’d never understood those people. If you want to confront someone, you get all up in their grill. No fences to keep you safe. That is how you grow up. Otherwise, you stay a sissy for life.  
I was going down the last few blocks in the eastern part of Rogue. In about a hundred steps, the asphalt gave way to dirt roads snaking through a landscape of large yards with well-kept vegetable gardens, brick houses and wooden cattle-pens and cattle-sheds.  
I thought about unravelling my sweater, weaving the thread into a thick rope and fashioning it into a lasso that I could use to capture and break a wild horse and ride it into the sunset…
Just kidding.  
The barn that had caught my eye on the way into town seemed deserted. I saw no horses, no cows, no people, no barking dogs. Fresh grass had grown inside the fenced area, bales of hay and piles of boards and old joinery work covered with thick sheets of nylon were stacked by the wooden structure.   
The fencing was the type that would keep cows and horses in, but not rabbits, hens or turkeys. I wriggled in through the planks and hid in the barn.
Even empty, the place was permeated with a horrendous stench of animal. Some eco- and bio-enthusiast would have gone into a trance in my place, but I was just nauseous. What kept me from hurling was the thought that I might not be lucky enough to find another piece of salami in the coming days.    
The entire structure was made of wooden beams and boards, so distorted in places that it was a miracle they were still holding up. A gas lamp, a pair of sheep shears, a padlock, a leather strap, a rusty chain and even a wolf trap hung from nails hammered into various spots. The interior was made complete by a wooden cartwheel and a misshapen wooden pail. Some misguided tavern proprietor would be happy to use these remnants of rural everyday life for decoration. 
There were no windows, but enough daylight filtered in through the cracks between the boards. Those cracks, however, weren’t wide enough to let the overpowering smell of animals escape.  
In one corner, someone had spread out an old, ragged coat over a bunch of scattered straws for a makeshift bed. When I was young, I used to think that sleeping in the hay in an abandoned barn was super romantic. I would picture myself enjoying a fragrant summer night with a golden-haired wood nymph in the weightless privacy of piles of hay cocooning us underneath a wooden roof topped with mossy stone slabs… The first time I had to spend the night in a barn I couldn’t sleep a wink. I showered morning and evening for the next four-five days and I tossed all my clothes from that night. 
No, thanks. 
I had no intention of staying in this barn for the night. All I wanted was to buy some time. Through the crooked boards, I had direct visual of both the street where I’d come from and the field where the hunters had lain in wait. I would spot a person approaching from either side.  
I doubted Ivan Zahariev would cut his business meeting short because of me. Showing any sign of uneasiness could spook his partners. If a big deal was on the table, even the slightest hint of trouble could derail it. My guess was Cover Boy would try to project an image of an unflappable, cool guy and a generous gentleman by treating his two guests to a lavish lunch complete with coffee, deserts, brandy, the whole nine yards. 
My mouth watered. Mostly at the thought of coffee. The sensation of hunger had already peaked – after the initial stress caused by food deprivation, the human body starts to resign itself to the idea. Plus, hunger has never driven me crazy as the lack of coffee does. It gnaws and eats at me, it’s a nuisance, but it doesn’t drive me crazy. Being denied caffeine, on the other hand… I was dangerously close to dreaming of coffee, experiencing delirious craving of coffee. By the time it was all said and done I would’ve probably committed premeditated murder for a cup of hot Lavazza, no milk, one spoon of sugar.     
The moment Ivan Zahariev was done with his guests, though, he was going after me. Maybe he was hoping that his thugs would find me, beat me and generally drain the life out of me first so he could show up for the grand finale and put a bullet through my brain for the clean-up shot.  
While I was reading through the four files back by the dam lake, I’d gotten the sneaking suspicion that the bad guys wouldn’t let me out of Rogue easily. After last night’s drunken revelry, I knew for certain there was no way out of Rogue for me at all. My only remaining option was to face my enemies and beat them in this game. That was it. Good thing I had found a base camp for myself. The barn looked like the perfect place to prepare for battle. 

31. 
It was getting dark when I finally emerged from the barn. I imagined the stench of animal was permanently embedded into my clothing, but the extent of the damage could only be appreciated by someone standing beside me. I didn’t care. I didn’t give a fig. The smell of farm animals and dung was the least of my concerns. 
No one had come the entire time I’d kept myself busy in the wooden building. Twice I thought I saw the SUV turn onto one of the streets, but it never appeared again, so I chalked it up to visions. 
It was almost that time of day when Lora was supposed to close the information center and head home. If I didn’t hurry up, I might miss her. I knew another meeting could spell more trouble for her, but I didn’t want to leave Rogue without saying goodbye. I had a thing or two to tell her. I wanted to warn her to stay away. 
I wanted to see Stoyan too. To make sure he was doing well and getting over the pummeling the thugs had given him. Also, warn him to stay away. 
Above all, I had to confront Ivan Zahariev alone. If my plan failed, I would get demolished. If it worked, I would leave town. Either way, Cover Boy was here to stay and once he was done licking his wounds, if it came to that, he would go on a revenge tour against innocent people. I didn’t want to inadvertently mark his next victims.          
The school windows were dark, which made me think children in Rogue were so few that a morning shift was enough . But then I remembered the students I’d seen earlier. They were smoking and drinking so casually in the yard because they knew no one would discipline them. The teachers weren’t there. The school was locked up. It was early April, which meant spring break.  
I passed by a house with a yard studded with flowers. Even in the half-light of this cheerless Rogue evening their colorful blossoms gave hope and confidence to the weary traveler, as the words cut into the stone of a Turkish drinking fountain in the Rhodope Mountains, next to which I’d once spent the night, read.  
Life had long divested me of any good manners and yet something deep inside me stirred. Or had it awakened yesterday, the day before? 
Let’s make one thing clear.  
I’m not one to chase after some beauty, enchanted with her cute nose or lusting after her big breasts. I wouldn’t trade the free-loving, rudderless nature of my life for female company. I don’t trip over myself to flirt with women around me, I don’t hit on them and I don’t fall in love. I’m not much for innocent banter either. I don’t have the time. I’m so focused on keeping my everyday life on course that the thought of developing emotional connections with people doesn’t even cross my mind. Not that it never happens, but I’m not looking for it. I know how messed up my life is, that I have nothing to offer. How could I make promises for the future when I live from day to day and stay in the present moment? I’m just a drifter under the star-studded sky, the echo of a dying laughter, the whiff of a forgotten wind. That’s what one lady told me many years ago, back when I was still tempted to flirt. In another life. 
No, thanks. 
But in the past few days I’d finally found someone who could make me cast my principles aside. 
However despicable, Ivan Zahariev was a worthy opponent, I had to give him that. He was going after me with unhealthy enthusiasm, arrogance and the cold-blooded confidence of a predetermined winner. These were all attributes of a man blessed with imagination, decisiveness and powerful will. Someone who had had a real chance to change the world, literally, but somewhere along the road had been lured by the dark side of life. 
I wasn’t referring to him, though. 
It was Lora that I had found.  
Lora was like the antithesis of Ivan Zahariev – just as compelling, only in a good way. There was light in her. Not that her soul was light. The opposite in fact – strange, dark memories lurked in there, but she kept them to herself. The rays of her unbridled faith in a better tomorrow shone through the exquisite embroidery that was her gentle soul. She was strong, decisive and confident. The childish stuff she told me by the chapel actually described her. She always knew what she wanted and what she had to do. To top it all, she was very beautiful. I couldn’t stay indifferent. She was worth the effort.  
That was why I listened to my inner voice as I was passing by that yard. 
You’re going to see a girl.  
 I jumped over the fence and started picking flowers. Their cool, slender stalks fit nicely into my hand as the improvised bouquet grew larger. Without a doubt, that was the craziest idea I’d had in the past few months. As it turned out, one of the dumbest as well.  
A dog jumped out from behind the house and pounced on me. No barking, no growling. It just lunged at me out of nowhere. I tried to fend it off with one hand, but it was a heavy, powerful dog and it knocked me on the ground. It charged repeatedly as if trying to bite me but didn’t make contact. It just kept baring its sharp teeth at me and walking in circles around me. I swung the bouquet at it, but its head jerked back and out of my reach. Not that the green stalks would’ve caused any damage. The moment I managed to stand up, the dog rammed its muzzle into my ribs as if telling me get down on the ground. Every time I tried to kick it, the dog avoided me niftily and attacked me with a snarl. I’d never been involved in such a stand-off. Normally, my altercations with dogs ended swiftly, no matter who was the first to back off.
Actually, that one was over pretty quickly too. A man came out of the house with a shotgun in hand, looked me over and shook his head in disgust. 
“Moron.” 
He was absolutely right.  
In five more minutes, the police pulled up. The man must have called them before leaving the house. They said nothing, just flashed their lights in my face and exchanged looks. They cuffed me, searched me and shoved me into the backseat of the patrol car. At least they showed me enough courtesy not to cuff my hands at my back. They drove me to their pitiful police station and dumped me on a rickety chair in a room with three desks and walls lined with cabinets, the type with wooden rolling shutters. Those would fetch a fortune on eBay.   
My arresting police officers sat behind two of the desks and got down to writing something. They didn’t question me, didn’t take my fingerprints, didn’t make a mugshot. They were obviously interested in me, but it was a shy sort of curiosity – they threw me looks only to immediately go back to work. I knew they wouldn’t keep me long. Ivan Zahariev was probably dying to grill me. I also knew they wouldn’t even report my arrest. Having read the four files, I had some idea how sensitive information was covered up in this town. It was just a matter of time before my executioners showed up. And so I waited. There was no point in saying anything. The police – every policeman in this world – were lost souls to me, so far gone that they weren’t worth wasting your breath on. 
Then the cops surprised me. 
A third man in uniform walked in silently, looked at me from under his lowered brows and set a bottle of water and a cup of coffee before me. He tore off the top of a sachet of sugar, poured its content into the coffee and stirred the black liquid. 
I was willing to bet my stinky jacket against his peaked cap that this was the same man who had tried to talk me out of committing suicide in that dark street, with the police car headlights beaming at his back. Dimi or whatever his name was. This uniformed man’s gesture had more than surprised me. It had stunned me. Restored my faith in the better angels of people.    

32. 
Before I could even finish my coffee, I was riding in the backseat of the black SUV. This time, the thugs didn’t ask me questions, didn’t put a hand on me. Maybe I was truly a walking dead man, as Ivan Zahariev had put it, so the locals didn’t dare ask me questions or even talk to me. Maybe they weren’t supposed to so much as look at me. Out of superstition, you know. 
The roiders just grabbed me, tossed me into the car and drove me to their concrete bunker in silence. Ah, the press conference hall. They sat me down with my hands still handcuffed. 
I unbuttoned my jacket and leaned back in the chair. So… 
Things had gone pretty far. So far that there was no stopping this train. The big finale was drawing close. I expected fireworks. 
Was I going to end up in a black body bag in that morgue too? How long would they keep me there while the doctor finished all the paperwork and handed it over to Zahariev again? Rinse, repeat.   
Would someone ever find out what happened to Emil Milev, last seen in the town of Rogue? Would either Lora or Stoyan have the courage to fight for the truth about me to come out or would they hang their heads in foul-tasting relief that they were spared the worse? The questions sizzled in my head like a sparkler – each of them scorching me without an answer to douse them.  
To take my mind off of the grim situation, I went back to my math diversions. This time, I decided to count up from zero by adding seven at each step. Zero, seven, fourteen, twenty-one… I’d rarely gotten over five hundred without messing up. Counting is not that difficult, but it requires calmness and serious concentration. The problem is I generally resort to it when I find myself in some nasty place, forced to do ridiculous stuff against my will.      
At four thousand one hundred and eighty-six, I heard the door get unlocked. 
Ivan Zahariev stepped in first, followed by a single thug – the one with the lump on his head. Three Stripes must have been tasked with cooling champagne to celebrate my capture. Unless he’d gone to do a photoshoot for a new sportswear line. 
The round-headed thug pulled me up to stand by the chair. He positioned himself behind me, ready to snap my neck at the slightest signal from his boss. Cover Boy stood before me, his legs wide apart, and casually buttoned two of his suit jacket buttons, as if he had just stepped off a fashion runway. The brown envelope I’d sent to Nova TV was tucked under his left armpit. He sized me up, as if struggling to understand how the heck an insignificant guy like me could have made so much trouble for him, and then nodded. 
“Saying I’m glad to see you would be an exaggeration.”  
Cover Boy pulled out a cigarette and stuck it in his mouth. He offered me one, even though he knew I would decline it. He shrugged his shoulders theatrically and put the cigarette box back in his jacket pocket. 
“You’re still hanging around here. Rogue must suit you fine.” 
I’d noticed Ivan Zahariev’s dislike for elaborating. He was obviously used to barking curt orders that were then carried out dutifully. His verbal communication skills must have somewhat atrophied from all that underuse. He could still flex those muscles though:  
“You know, Rogue is an interesting town. All sorts of tourists come here, go around town, stick their noses in stuff they shouldn’t… The more curious of them wander into the mine sometimes. That place is not for momma’s boys. People there work their tails off in difficult conditions fraught with peril. It could just so happen that an ill-prepared tourist gets lost in those bottomless galleries.”
Cover Boy took out his fancy golden lighter and fiddled with it before lighting his cigarette. He blew out a stream of smoke, then resumed his dramatic monologue.    
“Of course, we would never leave such a person behind. So we organize rescue missions and find them. See where I’m going here? Instead of doing our jobs, we’re forced to deal with the whims of some ninny with a camera. That’s why we warn every guest of our town against overindulging their curiosity. There are enough sightseeing opportunities in Rogue without poking around the mine complex. But there’s always some hard-headed, cocky tourist that ignores our warnings.”
Cover Boy’s eyes bore into me as if willing me to comprehend his allegory. Either that or he was making a dramatic pause for emphasis. 
“Sooner or later, we’ll have a tragedy on our hands. Someone will get lost so badly that even I won’t be able to find them. Should I feel guilty for it then? Should I be held responsible for the life of that cocky prick?” 
Every self-involved big shot has a penchant for rhetorical questions. No answer was expected of me. I wasn’t expected to interrupt the one-man show either, so I simply watched with bated breath to see where he was going with this.  
Ivan Zahariev flicked the cigarette butt onto the floor and crushed it under his shoe. He gestured to the thug, who pushed me to my knees. Cover Boy pulled out the brown envelope from under his armpit and turned it in his hands. He checked the writing on the front and went back to staring at me intently.  
“What was this about? Fame? Fortune?”
I looked up at him with a blank expression. At least that was in my power – denying him some measure of satisfaction with my silence. 
“What do you think I should do with you?”
I had some ideas that ranged from kiss my ass to go fuck yourself. Somehow I didn’t think a generous invitation of that kind would sit well with him. 
“Let me go,” I said instead. 
“Ha! Why should I let you go?” Ivan Zahariev tore the envelope open and pulled the four orange files out. “Twice already you’ve promised to go away. Instead, you come back only to show disrespect.”   
“Because you have no other choice.” 
Cover Boy laughed as he opened the top file. His smile froze. He riffed through its content and turned it upside down as if expecting a million-dollar check to fall out. He shook out the rest of the files and tossed them on the ground. His face turned into a bloodless mask, his brow furrowed, his teeth gnashed. 
“What have you done with the documents?” he asked, his eyes narrowing. 
The cool façade was gone. His words came on an enraged hiss, his features crumpled like a dried pepper. He took a step forward and kicked me in the stomach.  
The files were full of blank sheets of paper. I had played him. 
The next couple of minutes saw a lively discussion take place. In that I took a couple of punches as Cover Boy paced around me seething. This time around, the thug didn’t even get in on the fun, reduced to watching from the sidelines. The blood that finally started trickling down my chin seemed to calm Ivan Zahariev just a bit. He fixed his suit jacket, slicked his hair back and stepped away, breathing heavily.  
“Where are the documents?”  
He looked crazed. I watched him prowl around me, tapping the concrete floor with his foot. He would occasionally stop, clench his fists and push his hands into his pockets. Then he would reach to smooth his hair out before closing his hands into fists again. And he would pepper me with the same question the entire time. 
“Where are the documents?”
Finally, I decided it was time to negotiate. I looked up at him and said: 
“Hidden in a safe place.”
“Where?”
“Don’t be ridiculous!”
“What do you want? Money?”
“Among other things.”
“What else? Huh?”
I’d never seen him fuming before. Maybe that doctor I met should really think about prescribing him some happy pills. It was pretty clear the files were really important to him. And by extension – to me.  
“What?” he repeated. 
I want to see you behind bars. I didn’t say it out loud, though, because that demand wouldn’t sit well with him either. 
“For starters, I want you to let me leave Rogue.”
“OK,” Cover Boy said with a dismissive wave of one hand. “Go away. Who’s stopping you?”
I gave him a level stare, waiting for him to give up the theatrics and step to the negotiation table as the serious businessman he was. He did not disappoint. Zahariev sent his bodyguard to a corner of the bunker, pulled up a chair and sat down three paces away from me.  
“How much?”
I was in no hurry to name my price. I was happy to see him squirm some more. Alas, Ivan Zahariev was used to solving his problems quickly and on the spot. 
“How much?”
“It’s not going to be that easy.”
“Excuse me?”
He was grappling with the same phenomenon as his henchmen. He thought himself a big deal just because a couple of times a week he gave someone like Stoyan the business. I doubted anyone in Rogue dared to push back against the humiliations Ivan Zahariev put them through. He was almighty and used to being on the winning side. That situation fed his pathetic ego but was devastating to his most valuable quality as a manager – the natural feel for solving problems. Hitting a tied-up captive was a far cry from taking on problems. Cover Boy was blind to that truth and was going to get his eyes opened the hard way. Sooner or later. 
Ivan Zahariev checked his watch. His gold watch. 
“I have a meeting in seven minutes. You’re wasting my time.”
I was waiting for him to get to the end of his tether. It was the only way he would accept my offer. 
“Do not test my patience further! You have to realize by now that I stop at nothing. I can wipe you form the face of this earth and no one would notice.”
“You’re not going to do that.”
“What makes you so sure?”
“If you don’t get those documents back, you’ll never find peace. You’ll be looking over your shoulder for the rest of your life, worried that someone may expose your dirty secrets to the world.”
“I’m not the worrying type.”
It was my turn to launch into a preachy monologue. One of those long-winded, metaphor-heavy sermons with long set-ups. In the year eighteen hundred and nine the Cherokee tribe of indigenous Americans decided to… That sort of thing. He said he had no time, though, so… 
“Twenty thousand.”    
“Excuse me?”
“Twenty thousand and you’ll get your documents. Otherwise, someone else will.”
Ivan Zahariev chuckled and lit another cigarette for himself. He didn’t offer me one this time. 
“I can give you a thousand bucks.”
I scowled and shook my head, which only served to further anger the fashion model. His voice dropped to an ominous whisper. 
“I trust you’ve figured out you aren’t getting out of Rogue without my blessing. So quit playing games with me.”
“Twenty thousand and not a dime less or we have no deal.”
Cover Boy stood up and turned his back to me. After three anxious pulls on his cigarette, he flicked it onto the ground without bothering to put it out. 
“Two thousand.”
“No.” 
“Twenty-five hundred and that is my final offer. And that is after I get my documents.”
I pretended to ponder his offer just to waste another minute of his precious time. The truth was I didn’t care about the money. But someone like him would never even conceive of a person not interested in money, let alone a dirt-poor drifter like me. 
“And you’ll leave me alone after that?”
“Yes.”
“No fine print?”
“What?”
“I’m saying, there won’t be any catches, right?”
“No.”
He was dying to punch me again, but he needed the files more. He was prepared to humor me until he got his hands on them. 
“What of you screw me over?” I said, narrowing my eyes at him, which made me realize my left eye was swelling up. “Why should I trust you?”
Ivan Zahariev’s face changed into an expression of genuine surprise. 
“Because I give you my word.”  
This man truly operated in his own little world. He’d created an alternative reality for himself and the more he cultivated it, the more believable it seemed to him. 
“Well? Are you going to tell me where the documents are or what?”
“I want a thousand now, the rest – after the exchange.”
I didn’t need the money. Honestly. My plan had a different purpose. But if I didn’t ask for money, he would get suspicious. As long as life didn’t clash with his own cocksure and self-involved ideas about it, Ivan Zahariev was under my control, however absurd that might sound. 
Cover Boy opened his thin leather wallet and took out five bills of one hundred. 
“That’s all I’ve got on me.”
I hadn’t expected him to carry that much cash. Maybe this was chump change to him. I wondered if he knew how much a carton of milk or a loaf of bread cost. Did he care how much his mine workers made a month? Or how they managed to pay for food and clothes for their family, not to mention shoes, textbooks, cough syrup, toys, books, spare bicycle tires…  
I had no intention of stalling further. Let the chips fall where they may. I took the bills and shoved them into my right sock. The hell if I knew why I picked that hiding place – it looked clever, I guess. No handshakes and hugs to seal the deal.
“Where are the files?”
I stood up and stretched my arms out in a clear gesture. Cover Boy signaled for the beefy fella to take off my handcuffs. I fixed my clothes and nodded. 
“Let’s go get them.”

33.
Whatever Ivan Zahariev’s word was worth, there could never be trust between us and he knew it as well as I did. I settled on the backseat, next to the round-headed bruiser while an unfamiliar bruiser was driving the SUV. He was a good driver and managed to get us to the school and the street with the nice houses despite my piss-poor directions. From there, it was easy for me to lead them to the barn at the end of the paved road. 
“It’s here,” I said. “Just nearby.”
Ivan Zahariev was no dummy. He probably listened to his inner voices too because he sent me and his two henchmen for the files while he stayed back in the car. 
I led the burly fellas down the dirt road with the headlights beaming in our backs. We squeezed through the planks of the fence and got into the barn. I lingered by the first row of wooden supports and pointed to the jacket laid over the scattered straws. 
“Over there. Underneath the jacket.” 
The new guy started toward the jacket, waded into the pile of straws and stepped right into the wolf trap. It must have hurt badly because he cocked his head back, ready to let out a scream. Before he could make a sound, though, he got walloped in the face by the heavy cartwheel. It was tied to one end of the hemp rope I had swung over a cross-beam. The other end of the rope was fastened around a nail right next to me. All I’d had to do was give it a nudge.  
The round-faced thug, who’d been reduced to a stunned bystander until that moment, must have correctly deduced this was an ambush because he turned to go after me. Too late, I was already wielding the rusty chain. It looped around his neck and the loose end whipped back toward me. I caught it, tightened the noose and fixed it with a padlock. As a result, the meathead got plastered against one of the supports like he was getting ready for a steamy tango. He wasn’t going to asphyxiate, but he was in for a breathtaking ride, if you know what I mean.  
Six seconds, two men down, one to go – the boss in the car outside. If he caught a glimpse of me leaving the barn, he would jump out of the SUV guns blazing. Or tuck tail and floor it. Both outcomes would ruin my plan. Bottom line, he couldn’t see me.  
I climbed over the puny fence behind the barn and then over two yard walls so I could creep from behind. Cover Boy was still sitting in the front passenger seat and staring straight ahead in the direction of the barn. The headlights illuminated a large section of the fence, but the barn remained in shadow. I squatted behind the SUV and lit the mantle of the gas lamp I carried. I waited for the flame to catch on and lobbed the whole thing. The lamp flew over the car and smashed next to the front passenger door, igniting a wave of golden flame. Ivan Zahariev’s head snapped in that direction a second before I opened the driver’s door, armed with the wrought-iron sheep shears. 
“Good evening!” 
Cover Boy didn’t even flinch. It was the second time I’d outsmarted him in one day, but he didn’t let his feelings show. I dragged him out through the driver’s door and pushed him against the SUV. 
“Well, Mr. Zahariev, what it’s like being on the losing side?”
He didn’t dignify that question with a response. I imagined he wanted to wring my neck, but he was helpless without his bodyguards. He was too refined and gentlemanly to face me in a fight. He was one of those guys who agitated a guard dog only through a fence. Despite all his posturing as a tough guy, he was nothing but a wuss. Maybe he thought I was about to pummel him for all the beating I’d received from him and his thugs. Wrong. That wouldn’t somehow make me unfeel the pain. I only wanted to remove him from the equation for a while.    
He was raving mad now. There would be no more negotiations between us for as long as both of us were still breathing. I could only hope I wouldn’t be the first to stop. I patted him down expecting to find a gun but came up with only his golden cigarette box, golden lighter and golden cell phone. I wasn’t interested in his wallet.  
I handcuffed his wrists with the leather strap and used the hemp rope to tie him to one of the barn supports. A stream of vile curses was coming from the thug with the chain around his neck, while his buddy was still prone under the cartwheel like some modern-day August Deibelschmidt . 
It was time to split.   
I paused at the barn entrance to look over my shoulder. I felt the urge to ask Ivan Zahariev a parting question about his past, mostly his modelling career. Had he really graced the pages of Woman Today or was my memory playing tricks on me as a self-preservation mechanism? He was unlikely to humor me. Even if he did, it was bound to be in the form of yet another confusing metaphor. Honestly, I didn’t give a fig. 
It was time to go. 
I had Ivan Zahariev’s car, a black Mercedes SUV with tinted windows. That was the last part of my naïve plan. The SUV was the only vehicle in town that Ivan Zahariev’s hounds wouldn’t pull over. 
So far so good. 
There was only one thing left to do.
I had no idea where Lora lived. The only person that I could ask for directions was Stoyan. I did a U-turn and headed toward his home, fervently hoping to find him there. I had more or less learned the lay of the land in Rogue so even without the benefit of street lighting I managed to find my way around the dark town streets. 
I knew I had no more than ten minutes to get out of Rogue. Any longer and odds were the three barn captives would get free, make a couple of phone calls and warn half the town who was behind the wheel of their black SUV. 
I pulled to a jarring stop outside of Stoyan’s home, jumped out of the car and barged into the house. Fortunately, the young man was there. He was happy to see me, once he got over the initial startle at least, and proceeded to offer me cookies and candy. 
“Come sit. I’ll make some coffee.”
“I have no time for coffee, Stoyan,” I said. “Do you know where Lora lives?”
“Yes. Why? Has something happened?”
“No. I just want to see her.”
“I can call her if…” 
“No! Could you give me directions?”
“Yes. It’s really easy,” Stoyan said, gesticulating. “When you go back outside go right…”
I grabbed his arms to settle them and forced a smile.
“Come. I have a car.”
Stoyan abandoned the cookies and the candy and put on the same suede suit jacket he’d been wearing when I first met him by the town sign. 
He followed me outside, slid into the front passenger seat and gave me a puzzled look. 
“How come you have the SUV?”
“I told Ivan Zahariev’s thugs I needed it and politely asked if I could borrow it.”
“And they just gave it to you?!”
“No. That’s why I had to beat them up.”
Stoyan gave me another look, this one filled with open admiration. I figured he felt at least partially avenged for the beating they’d given him. 
“Ivan Zahariev will turn green with rage when he hears this.”
The environmentalist in him was talking. That reminded me… 
“What does the term green school mean?”
“Green school ? Well, that’s when classes are taught outdoors, in a park, for example, instead of the regular classroom setting. It’s like an excursion with the purpose of learning.” 
“I see. What if the school itself is green?” 
“What do you mean?”
“Why did you decide to paint the school building the shade of poison ivy?”
“Oh, that. Ivan Zahariev picked the color.”
“Why him?”
Duh, who else? Was there an event in Rogue that didn’t need Ivan Zahariev’s blessing first? He probably controlled the population growth of farm animals and the migration patterns of wild animals too. I bet even the dark clouds that had been threatening rain for the past few days were scared to let loose without his consent and approval. 
“Because VIP Mining paid for the whole renovation.”
“He renovated the school?”
“Among other things.”
Wow!
He likely sponsored the local soccer team as well. I would venture to guess its name was Rogue Miners FC. The fashion model probably also donated money to the youth folklore ensemble Roguish Dancers and the student rock band The VIPers. The ballroom dancing company, the local plein air painting events and the pipe bending workshops also had to be on his list of beneficiaries. What generosity!
“Turn right. It’s the second house.”
I made the turn and stopped the car. 
The house was majestic. It was the first three-story home I’d seen in Rogue and it boasted large windows and balconies lined with balusters. The entire property was protected by a wrought-iron fence, while the garden featured hedges, a fountain and bright lamps along the edge of the circular driveway leading to the main entrance. For some reason, the first thing that came to my mind were those crossword terms: Secession and Entablature.  
I had no idea what kind of salary Lora earned and how much she made on the side, cleaning love nests, but that house had to cost over a million bucks. That type of elegant opulence was a rare sight even at the foot of Mount Vitosha . I was wide-eyed as a redneck in the zoo. After what seemed like an eternity, I picked up my jaw from the floor. Lora was good. She had really led me by the nose.  
“It’s the house next-door,” Stoyan broke the silence. “The yellow one.”
I looked to where he was pointing. It was hard to see in the dark, but there really was something in the yard adjacent to that architectural masterpiece I’d just admired. It was a small, plain house that looked more like a tool shed next to all that magnificence next-door. It had the look of a house drawn by a preschooler – one-story, with a stone socle, yellow walls, a door and two square windows. Quaint yellow cottage. All it missed were the two linden trees out front . At least there were street lamps in working order. 
My eyes drifted back to the ostentatious house with the fountain. It presented such a compelling image. 
“Ivan Zahariev’s house,” Stoyan whispered. “Not a good idea to stop in front of it.”
I moved the SUV a couple of meters down the road and got out. 
So Lora lived next door to Ivan Zahariev… Now that was some good luck! What better neighbor to help you with whatever you need. I pictured Lora uncomfortably shifting from one foot to the other under the stern eye of the fashion model – see here, neighbor, I have a favor to ask…   
I finally got why the curator of the information center enjoyed special treatment. Wolves never kill near their lair. Evil people are always nice to their neighbors. Whenever a gangster is shot dead, his neighbors are always stunned to learn of his life of crime – unthinkable, he was such a good and well-raised boy… 
Confusing thoughts swirled in my head. What were the chances that the information center, like so many other socially significant enterprises in Rogue, had been funded by Ivan Zahariev? Had he recommended Lora for the job? The easiest way to control people is to do them favors that would make them feel indebted to you. You have no place to live? I’ll let you stay in one of my sheds, you can make it your home. No, please, I don’t want to hear about paying rent. Just come by on Sundays to dust my place. Or maybe I was beginning to see ghosts everywhere in Rogue. 
What had Lora told me as we were leaving the information center? Don’t start acting crazy.
34. 
The windows of the small house were lit. I went in without knocking. The place was so small it didn’t even have a vestibule or an anteroom. I walked straight into the living room. The walls were painted yellow on the inside too, various shades of lemon rind. The interior resembled a vibrant vegetable garden – a green sofa, green armchairs and a green table, orange cupboards, red lampshades, a brown carpet and a blue ceiling with a smattering of white clouds. Lora was sitting on the sofa, watching TV with the sound turned pretty high. Judging by the bursts of applause, some kind of family game show was on. At the sight of me, Lora attempted a smile and failed. She bit her lip and hung her head. Maybe she was upset with me for yesterday after all. The bad guys hadn’t gotten to her after all.   
“Hello!” She sounded distracted. “How are you?”
I took two steps forward and stood by one of the armchairs. 
“Well, I…”
“I want to apologize for yesterday.”
“For what exactly?”
“I promised to bring you food,” Lora said, forcing a wan smile. “I wanted to come back, but I had things to do and before I knew it, it had gotten very late… Did you find anything to eat?”
That sounded strange, but I had no time to dissect her words. Time was ticking and not in my favor. 
“Lora…”
“Yes?”
“I’m leaving. I’m getting out of Rogue.”
“Great.”
“I came here to ask you…”
“Yes?”
I’d practiced this speech in my head at least twelve thousand times and I still struggled to get it out. 
“I want you to come with me.”
“Go with you? Where?”
“Away from this town?”
Lora’s eyes finally livened up. She pointed the remote control toward the TV and lowered the volume. Didn’t mute it, though. 
“Why would I want to get away?”
“Because…” I hadn’t rehearsed that part. “To escape.”
“Escape from Rogue?”
“Yes. From Rogue, from Ivan Zahariev, from his thugs…” I remembered a line I’d heard at a company gathering. “There’s no air here, Lora. No sun. No future.”
“But I like it here!”
I looked around for the telltale signs of a candid camera. Until last night, the girl had given every indication that she wasn’t satisfied with life in Rogue. I’d thought that if I asked her to get away with me, she would jump at the chance. But she was singing a different tune now. 
Either I’d misread her signals, or she was really mad at me and trying to get even. Or she was hopped up on drugs.   
“Lora, are you OK?”
That’s when I noticed the bruise on her cheekbone. And another one on her chin. Her hair – good God – her hair had been cut. The curls were still there, but at least a span shorter. She couldn’t tie them into a ponytail if she tried. As if that wasn’t enough, one of her bare legs was handcuffed to the nearest sofa leg. 
“What happened?”
“Nothing.” 
“Lora!”
“I’m sorry Mr. Milev. I’m sorry for disappointing you.”
I felt like throwing her over my shoulder, carrying her to the backseat of the car and absconding with her. It would be three minutes to the town limits, five more to the main road and another half an hour to Veliko Tarnovo. The rest would be easy.  
I could unlock her handcuffs in five seconds. All I needed was a hairpin or a piece of flat wire. I looked around and finally got the full picture. I wanted to kick myself for being so slow. There was no need to unlock anything when I could just lift the sofa a bit and the handcuff would slip out of its leg. 
“I’m getting you free and we’re hitting the road. Here, let me lift this side of the sofa a little.”
“Please don’t.”
“What’s going on with you?”
Lora looked down and I saw her curls, her trimmed curls, start quivering. She was crying. My internal stopwatch was sending me alarm signals.
“Come on. We’ve got no time to lose.”
“I’m sorry,” she whimpered. “Run. Go.”
“You’re coming with me.”
“I can’t.”
“Why?”
The answer walked in through the door behind me. I managed to turn around and catch a glimpse of a purple Adidas-logo facial scar before the thug took off and decked me in the face. I crumpled to the floorboards. I struggled to get up, but the thug left me no chance. He flipped me onto my stomach, did a quick search and twisted my arms behind my back. He hoisted me up in one powerful move and started dragging me out. I wanted to leave Lora with some nice parting words, but I was drooling blood and spit and my jaw wasn’t cooperating. 
My first coherent thought after recovering from the shock was about Stoyan. I’d left him in the car outside – alone and defenseless. Even if he’d seen the thug, I doubted he’d done anything to run away or protect himself. When you’ve been condition for years to take abuse, standing up to the oppressor is a pretty big leap. 
Imagine my surprise when the thug hauled me to the street and I saw the SUV was empty. Stoyan had managed to escape. At least he wouldn’t suffer the consequences of my naïve and clumsy plan. I wish I could say the same for Lora. 
Maybe something had stirred inside her back in the house. Maybe she’d come out of her stupor and not appreciated the sight of me getting trashed.  
The thug slammed me against the side of the SUV and reached to open the trunk. In the next moment Lora came flying out of the house, dashed across the narrow alley and hurled herself at Mr. Adidas. One loose handcuff clattered along the tiles as the young girl took nine long strides in her approach run. That was enough of a warning for the thug to turn around, spot her and prepare to meet her. He blocked her girly punch, caught her hands and twisted them behind her back. Lora strained to kick and bite him, but that only served to piss him off. The thug slapped her hard across the face and shoved her into the back of the car. 
It all played out in the span of three-four seconds. Instead of taking advantage of the commotion, I stood rooted in my spot and gaped at the scene. I couldn’t believe someone had dared to stand up for me! It hadn’t happened to me in years. But those stunning four seconds passed. On the fifth I was lying on the bottom of the open trunk and on the sixth the lid was slammed shut above my head.  
So much for my plans. 
I took a deep breath and the hairs on the back of my neck stood up as I realized someone else was lying next to me. At first, I thought it was a trick to scare me shitless, but that sort of diabolical game required imagination that Ivan Zahariev’s henchmen lacked by default. Then I figured my companion might be the corpse of yet another deceased miner. It was also possible that in their mad dash to find me today they had hit some poor soul on the street and stuffed him in here so they can go on their business.  
Then the body moved and spoke.  
“I’m sorry,” a tortured voice rasped and a sharp knee dug into my stomach. I reached and moved it aside, which elicited another groan. 
“Stoyan, is that you?”
“It’s me.”
“What are you doing here?”
“Same as you.”
Fuck! 
I disliked swearing, but that one popped right up in my head. Did it all have to be so crappy?! It wasn’t fair.   
One of the car doors clicked shut and then we were off and moving. I was becoming quite the expert in a very niche field – riding in the trunks of black SUVs. This vehicle was better suited for that purpose than the first one for sure. The ride was fast and smooth. Either we were going down a newly paved road or up the private driveway of Ivan Zahariev. Or the Mercedes suspension system was designed to transport victims of kidnapping. Stoyan stirred again, coughed. 
“What did you do to get them so hard on your heels?”
“What did you do to get their attention?”
“I found irregularities in the mine complex,” Stoyan groaned out. “Dangerous irregularities.”
“I did something similar.” 
“I have a bad feeling about this.”
“What exactly?”
“I think they might kill us.”
“Stop it.”
I felt sorry for this young man. I knew Ivan Zahariev had old scores to settle with him and only used me as an excuse to sic his dogs on the boy. I still felt bad, though. I had a bad feeling too. The situation didn’t bode well. People like Stoyan, even if caught poking around, usually got roughed up a bit and nothing more. They weren’t supposed to end up crammed into a trunk alongside a walking dead man. 
“You don’t know what they’re capable of,” Stoyan moaned. “Monsters!”   
“Relax. They’ll get what they deserve.”
I was pretty sure he didn’t believe me for one second. He was too scared to think clearly. 
“Are we going to die?”
“Not if I have anything to say about it.”

35.
I now knew why Three Stripes hadn’t been in the press conference hall. Ivan Zahariev had sent him to guard Lora. Cover Boy knew that no matter what happened I would never leave Rogue without saying goodbye to her. He’d handcuffed her to her own sofa as bait and ordered his thug to lie in wait. He’d played his cards well. His last move had made me slip. And even though I was still up in the points totals, my chances of winning were shading toward zero.  
As smooth as a ride the SUV was, all that rolling back and forth every time the car took a turn, coupled with my awkward body position, made me sick. I wasn’t about to throw up, though, I was used to hanging on to whatever food I’d consumed. Plus, feeling nauseous never bothered me. Somewhere in the dark corners of my mind, I must have rationed resilience for that car trunk ride too. What I had definitely not planned on was having Lora in the back of the SUV and Stoyan beside me.     
My inner voices were eerily quiet. They offered no optimistic takes, no hope of unexpected help, no assurances of a happy ending. Maybe they, too, had come to realize how serious the situation was.  
In my condition, even counting wouldn’t work as a distraction. 
One time a friend asked me what I liked so much about numbers. 
“What’s so interesting about counting?” she wanted to know. 
“Have you tried?” 
“Who the hell hasn’t?!”
“Have you tried counting while lying in a pool of your own piss puddling on the floor of a trailer, with your hands tied up, your heels bloodied, your nose broken and two menacing Georgians bargaining with the trailer owner outside over who gets to cut your head off for the price of fifty euros?” 
My friend had thrown me a look of disgust: 
“What are you blabbering about?”
“Have you tried counting while hanging upside down nine floors above the ground and the idiot holding you by the ankles demanding that you tell him where you’ve hidden a red gym bag you’ve never actually seen?” 
“Why are you telling me these things?”
“Have you tried counting while right in front of your eyes someone gets…?”
“Stop!”
I could tell her so much more. But my love for numbers was clearly upsetting her. No surprise there, a lot of people don’t realize the power of numbers. 
The SUV slowed down and ceased its mantra of weaving, accelerating and braking. The motor was barely purring. For the next couple of minutes we moved so steadily that for a moment I thought we might have stooped. This time, we weren’t going to the press conference hall. It would be way more practical to just drop me into an abandoned well since encasing my feet in cement would take some time and I imagined Ivan Zahariev was in somewhat of a hurry. Plus, I hadn’t seen a river running through or by Rogue and the dam lake had to be a ways away. No sound was coming from inside the car. Lora and the driver were either silent or whispering. Or maybe the Mercedes soundproof feature was designed with transporting captives in mind.     
The SUV came to a stop. I heard a door slamming shut and braced for what would come next. I was going to put up a fight. I couldn’t go down like a wimp. The only plan of attack I could think of was kicking my kidnapper in the face. A screwdriver or a lug wrench would’ve come in handy. Unfortunately, the trunk was clean and empty. I’d felt every square inch of its smooth floor and even checked for secret compartments. I could almost hear the smug ad slogan Mercedes, so solid, you’ll never need instruments.         
No one came to open the trunk, though. 
For a moment, I wondered if Three Stripes, or whatever his name was, had left me, Lora and Stoyan alone in the luxury car and was getting ready to douse us with gas and set us on fire. But that moment went away as car doors opened and shut and we went back on the road. It finally dawned on me. The thug had gone to the barn to get his boss and his buddies. Perhaps one more bruiser? He would have a chainsaw we could party with.   
The SUV sped up, the rumbling motor sending vibrations across the car. We were driving up an incline. Our destination was either the mine complex or the hospital. I doubted we were going to the forest cabin to knock back some rakia shots and let bygones be bygones. I didn’t know of any other steep inclines around here. 
We rode for at least ten minutes. That would’ve been plenty of time for me to present my case to God and ask that he welcome me with open arms into the kingdom of heaven. But I wasn’t desperate enough yet to waste his time with my prayers. 
When the car stopped next, the driver killed the motor. All four doors got opened and shut. The trip was over. The trunk lid lifted up and a thuggish voice announced: 
“Last stop. All passengers are asked to get off.” 
I didn’t care about the cackling that followed. The Meatheads were bad guys or at least trying to be, but I couldn’t hate them. Buffoons are incapable of inspiring intense feelings. I don’t feel particularly strongly about them. True, there are the occasional fights and rearranging of features, but it’s a pretty transactional thing for me, I never get into my feelings. Pure dickheads, sadistic haters and greedy murderers, on the other hand, drive me crazy. One such blue-eyed, well-dressed specimen had recently earned all my respect and passion in that regard. I couldn’t wait to convey my feelings for him in person.     
After a brief pause in the action, the thugs hauled me and Stoyan out of the trunk with practiced moves that suggested this wasn’t their first rodeo. They bound our wrists with zip ties and turned us to face the SUV. There were two of them. The third bruiser had obviously not joined them. He was either dead, crushed under the cartwheel, or he’d been sent to join the team in the headquarters. Lora was here, though. She was hunched over the hood of the car. Her face was gaunt as if she’d grown much older overnight. I gave her a wink and made a weak attempt at a smile. I was saying, keep your head up, everything will be OK. But this time even the idiot voice in me didn’t believe it. 
We were in the huge, barbed-wire-protected yard of the mine complex, not far from the hangar where thundering machines were still busy cutting pieces of brass. There were no wells in this place so the plan for my execution had to involve a ritual of a different theme.  
We were shoved into one of the concrete garages. This one had nothing to do with the one where I’d found and put on the miner’s clothes. It was an empty concrete box with bare floor, bare walls and a single lamp hanging from the ceiling. There were no chairs, no tables, no crates of spare parts or even old newspapers. Nothing but cold emptiness. The room was big enough to fit an intercity bus, together with all the travelers waiting around it, plus their suitcases.
The thugs sat Lora and Stoyan in one corner and put me standing up by the opposite wall, under the halo of a luminescent lamp.
Ivan Zahariev closed the door behind him snugly, tossed his cigarette away and came over to me. He gave me a predatory once-over as if trying to decide where to sink his talons.  
“Where are the files?” 
“What files?”
“The ones you stole from the hospital.”
Technically, I hadn’t stolen them. The doctor had handed them over without asking if I wanted them. But arguing the point was useless. The missing documents were my only remaining trump card. They weren’t a get-out-of-jail-free card, of course, but something to hold on to, at least. 
Three Stripes cocked his fist back and landed a blow to my jaw, sending me reeling. I said nothing, just looked back at all of them – the thug, his buddy, Ivan Zahariev – impassively. Lora had turned away, Stoyan was swaying back and forth with his eyes closed.     
A minute later, I had taken more than my fair share of punches for the day. The punishment was unrelenting. No answer the question or we could do this the easy way or the hard way mixed in with the blows. No energy expended on excessive talking, just swift, efficient strikes followed by the same question. 
“Where are the files?”  
I was fighting to take the beating like a man, but it became too much and I slumped to the floor. One more punch for good measure and Three Stripes gave me a breather. They must’ve come to the realization that this line of questioning was going nowhere because they soon changed tack.  
The round-faced Meathead, who had been an observer until that point, grabbed the back of my jacket and hoisted me up. My legs were all rubbery and I made no effort to support my own weight, but the taciturn thug was strong enough to hold me up, probably for hours if he had to. Three Stripes dragged Stoyan to our group and shoved him in my face as if to make sure I noticed him. The thuggish retard leered at me and pulled Stoyan’s fragile body away, still holding him by the crumpled lapels of his suede suit jacket.  
Then Stoyan took the most sickening blow I’d seen in my entire life. I’d always thought that knocking people’s teeth out in movie fights was an exaggeration, the product of artistic license. Now I saw with my own eyes two teeth, or chunks of them, fly out of Stoyan’s mouth, hit the wall and fall to the concrete floor with a cling. Stoyan didn’t even let out a moan. My guess was the vicious blow had anesthetized him. His head rolled forward and a mixture of blood and spittle drooled from his mouth.   
Fucking bastards!
Why did they have to hurt him? He had nothing to do with the whole thing. Plus, he’d already gotten the stuffing knocked out of him once. Why would they torture him again? It was against every honor code out there. Even in criminal circles, you aren’t supposed to get punished twice for the same thing. 
Then it hit me – they were using this defenseless young man to make me sing. They had figured out I would stand there and take the beating myself, but could never bear to watch Stoyan suffering because of me. Lowlifes. Only lowlifes would do this. I’d never met such lowlifes even in prison. I felt like strangling them with their own hands for a good twist.   
“Where are the files?” 
Ivan Zahariev wasn’t even talking directly to me. He wasn’t fidgeting, he wasn’t ranting and raving – he simply stood in the middle of the garage and waited for the answer.  
From the uppercut that followed, Stoyan’s head snapped back and hit the wall. His fragile physique couldn’t possibly take much more of this. Mercifully, he was unconscious. Ivan Zahariev arched a brow in my direction. The message was clear spill it or we’ll keep going. 
“Stop,” I managed to force out through swollen lips. “He has nothing to do with this.” 
But Three Stripes had other ideas. 
He slammed his fist into Stoyan’s stomach for a third devastating blow. The young man showed no signs of feeling pain. He showed no signs of life, for that matter. He was limp as a ragdoll. The assaulter dropped his lifeless body on the floor and kicked him. I could barely see out of my quickly swelling left eye, as my field of vision narrowed and darkened, but I hoped to God the growing puddle of liquid around Stoyan’s crumpled body was urine and not blood. 
“I’ll tell you!” I croak-yelled. “Leave him alone!”
Three Stripes looked to Cover Boy for further instructions. Ivan Zahariev barely lifted a forefinger in the air as he continued to stare at me. I let the silence hang over the room. I had no intention of telling that murderous bastard where the only solid pieces of evidence I had of his wrongdoings were hidden. 
“Where are they?” 
I’m not a fan of swearing or using foul language in general. But these were trying times and my self-control was fraying. I spat out a blob of blood-tinged saliva and straightened up defiantly.
“In your mother’s pussy.”
For a second, no one moved. Then Three Stripes approached me with googly eyes. 
“What did you just say?” 
A sharp sound rent the air. Everyone ducked instinctively, even Ivan Zahariev. My eyes drifted to the corner where Lora was supposed to be sitting. The girl was holding a gun. With two hands. The barrel was quivering in her unsteady grasp.  
Three Stripes took another step, but then stopped, looked around glassy-eyed and fell to the floor. 
Lora fired the gun again and the bullet whistled its way to two ricochets. My ears were ringing, my nose filled with the pungent smell of gun powder. The round-faced thug turned me to serve as a shield between him and the girl with the gun. Ivan Zahariev was yet to move from his spot. 
“Let him go!” Lora shouted. “Let him go!”
I hadn’t expected her to have a gun, let alone use it. I had no idea if she’d handled a firearm before or happened to point it at someone. 
What worried me even more was that the gun was presently trained at me. Maybe she hadn’t noticed that small detail. Would she think to aim for the right person before pulling the trigger again? The barrel was still shaking in her gentle hand. I imagined her fingers were trembling too. So taking aim wouldn’t make that much of a difference. I was hopeful she would tighten her grip on the gun and recognize the bad guys. Who was I kidding? My only hope was she wouldn’t shoot anymore.  
Ivan Zahariev probably shared the sentiment. He took several resolute steps toward her as if itching to slap her.  
Lora fired another shot. 
It would appear she had more courage than the fashion model. 
This time the bullet changed its trajectory only once. 
“Enough!” Ivan Zahariev roared, stopped at the center of the garage and stretched out a hand. “Give me the gun.”
“Let him go,” Lora persisted, “or I’ll shoot.”
Both were shouting at the top of their lungs. A clear sign their hearing was compromised. The thug behind me suddenly let me go. For a split second I thought he might’ve gotten spooked by the girl, but his actions indicated something completely different. The genius had probably remembered he had a gun too and let go of me to reach for it. 
No matter how exhausted, I couldn’t let him do something stupid. I summoned all the strength I’d left in my body and threw my head back, right into his noggin, then swiveled and rammed my knee into his groin. I was getting ready to head-butt him right into the nose when the Meathead slid to the floor. My attack met nothing but air. Apparently, the first hit to the nose had been pretty violent. Blood was gushing down his face like water from a tap. He’d better avoid mirrors for a while, not that they were ever friendly to him. 

36. 
When I turned around, I found Lora standing and much closer to me. She was keeping Ivan Zahariev in her sight, her hand wasn’t shaking anymore. The other three people in the room were prone and unmoving. I shuffled toward the door with my back pressed against the wall, never taking my eyes off of Cover Boy. God knew what was going on in that head of his, plus he wasn’t one to miss an opening. 
I wasn’t much of a gun expert, but I was willing to bet Lora was brandishing the same gun that had almost killed me the day before at Ivan Zahariev’s house. I distinctly remembered putting it in a drawer. I could swear it was still there when we left that kitsch abomination of a house.    
I opened the door and looked out of garage. It was dark outside so I could barely see anything. There were no guards or police officers around, there weren’t even men in combat fatigues and shotguns. The only thing of any interest in my field of vision was the black SUV. The weak lamplight bounced off its glossy curves and that was the only reason I was able to spot it. Night had marched in.    
“Come on!” I called back to Lora. “Let’s get out of here.” 
She was backing out of the garage, still pointing her gun at Ivan Zahariev. His pupils must have shrunk to the size of a pinpoint, but I couldn’t tell for sure because the garage lamp was behind him, creating a contre-jour effect. Still, I knew he was following every move of my brave partner like a hawk. She took three more steps backward and tripped on the handcuff that was still dangling around her ankle. By the time I realized what was going on, Cover Boy had already pounced on her and disarmed her. Lora hit the ground, just like she had by the wire fencing, and Ivan Zahariev fell on top of her.  
A moment later I found myself staring at the barrel of the gun. I jumped to the side right before the bullet whizzed through the space where my head used to be. Instead of putting a hole in my skull, the projectile hit the wooden paneling of the garage door. Fragments of splintered wood flew everywhere, showering my face, sobering me up. I couldn’t believe the idiot had shot at me. It was even more incredible that I’d avoided disaster one more time. The stress finally roused my inner voice, which started screaming run!
Correction, that voice turned out to be Lora’s. 
“Run!”
She’d managed to escape Cover Boy’s clutches and run out of the garage. 
I dashed after her. All I could do in the dark was try not to smash into the buildings that popped in front of me. I had no time to think, no time to breathe. I could hear Lora’s bare footsteps and the clanging of her handcuffs somewhere to the right of me. I kept running. Behind us, two more shots split the air. Soon after that, we were too far out of gun range, even if that gun was a Walther.    
Have you ever run with your hands tied? 
We didn’t stop until we wound up in front of a poorly lit, curved concrete wall. I propped myself against the wall, bent over and threw up. I was heaving, my lungs were refusing to expand and take in oxygen. Lora grabbed me by the collar of my jacket and tried to pull me up. 
“Get up!” she wheezed. “We’ve made a huge mistake.”
I straightened and wiped my mouth and chin on my jacket sleeve. We were staring at the mouth of the tunnel leading to the mine galleries underground. Warm, humid air wafted from inside. I’d been running in the wrong direction. 
My mind flashed back to that series of prints – Suicide of a Deer. I’d run as the wind and was now on the verge of complete exhaustion. The plateau ended here, I was gazing into the ruin awaiting me in the black morass below. The wolf was prowling behind me. I pictured its insatiable hunger for vengeance, the crazed look in its eyes. My breath was coming in spurts, my eyes were probably pools of paralyzing fear and frenzied desperation. I recognized death might await me in the morass, and yet I knew I was going in there. Because the wolf was certainly going to kill me and the morass gave me a chance, however slim. 
Once again, the mine turned out to be my morass. Our morass.  
“We’re going in,” I said, grabbing Lora’s hand. “Come on.” 
“Wait!” Lora leaned and picked up something shiny off the ground. “Give me your hands!”
It was a piece of a broken glass bottle. I pulled my wrists as far apart as I could while Lora worked on the zip line. For some reason, the thugs hadn’t bothered to tie her hands up. Ivan Zahariev, the gentleman that he was, probably insisted on preferential treatment for the ladies. Ha-ha.    
Maybe the thought she might turn on them had never crossed their minds. They had put a target on Stoyan’s back and it was only a matter of time before they made him an invalid if they kept harassing him. By contrast, Lora, didn’t get bothered too much. The difference was pretty stark. Not that they never put a hand on her, but she wasn’t tortured or made an example of.  
“Lora?”
“Yes.”
We were walking down the tunnel and whispering. 
“Was that the same gun? The one from Ivan Zahariev’s love nest?”
“Yes.”
“How did you end up with it? I’m certain I put it in the drawer before we left.”
“I needed it for self-defense.”
I rubbed the raw skin at my wrists and studied her trimmed curls. The look took some getting used to.  
“When I came home last night, they were there, waiting for me.”
“Who?”
“The Meatheads.” 
“Bastards!”
“They caught me by surprise,” Lora said, her voice a bit strangled, probably from the stuffy tunnel. “I hadn’t expected them.”
“Why did they beat you up?”
“They didn’t.”
“I saw your face. I can tell when someone has been knocked around.”
“After they caught me, the Meatheads just tied me up,” Lora kicked the handcuff hanging from her bare ankle with every step she took. “Ivan Zahariev gave me those bruises.”    
So even ladies weren’t completely spared around him. 
“Was he the one who cut your hair, Lora?”
She said nothing, just looked away and sniffed quietly.
“I snuck out later that night and went to get the gun. I hid it under my sweater. The rest of the night I rehearsed pulling out and firing the gun. Pull out, fire, pull out, fire. Hundreds of times.”
“Who was your target?”
“Ivan Zahariev. I was waiting for him to come back so I could end him.”
“You would have killed him?”
“Yes.” 
“And then I showed up instead.”
“Yes.”
“What did you do all day?”
“Sat on the sofa. I hadn’t left it until you came.”
“Why?”
“They didn’t let me.” 
Ivan Zahariev and his trademark cruel methods.
“Why didn’t you shoot him back there in the garage?”
“I couldn’t do it,” Lora sobbed. “The look in those eyes of his…”
The girl beside me was a wiser spirit than I could handle right now. I decided to put a pin on that topic. Our way back was cut off by a deranged lunatic chasing after us, ahead was the unnerving underground humidity of Beech Mine. That our hands were free was a small consolation considering we were wading deeper into Ivan Zahariev’s demesne. 
Our only path was forward.  
We kept to the right tunnel wall and embarked on an exploration of the last Rogue landmark. The first section of the tunnel was wider than it was tall. The high point of the arched concrete structure was dotted with lamps, while the floor surface was made of packed rocks. The spot was accessible by car. There was enough space for two SUVs to pass each other. Or even two trucks, if they used the entire width of the tunnel.  
Three hundred steps into it, the tunnel shrunk a bit. Hundreds of white woven sacks were stacked in several tiers along the left wall, which made the tunnel look even narrower. It was like someone was hoarding sugar and getting ready to make the largest batch of preserves in history. Something in the air triggered all kinds of cannery associations for me – warmth, puffs of steam, smell of machinery. The tiers of sacks were replaced by large metal baskets filled with pipes, the same type I’d seen a forklift transport and dump the other night. The industrial symphony I’d heard in the hangar was now coming from the depths of the mine – a discordant melody of clanging, thumping and scraping. 
Past the metal baskets, the tunnel was fanning out into several galleries. Each had overhead lighting, even though the ceiling was reinforced with concrete only in places. Small passages connected the galleries as if someone had first drilled into the bowels of the earth with heavy machinery and then played around with smaller drilling gadgets. 
The cacophony of sounds was growing louder, indicating we were drawing closer to the production capacity, as economist referred to machinery in their rosy reports. The air was even warmer, more stifling here – just as Lora had described it. I took of my jacket and tied it around my waist. I no longer cared about passing as a miner.  
“Do you think he’ll come in to hunt us?”
“I doubt he’ll do it alone,” Lora shook her head in response. “He always leaves the dirty work to his minions.” 
“He tried to kill me a minute ago.”
“He’ll delegate now that he’s simmered down.”  
I pictured him leading a pack of feral thugs, a pack of starving Dobermans and third one of haggard cops into the galleries. No. I just didn’t see it. I had a feeling he wanted to personally catch and tear me limb from limb. I’d seen it in his eyes. Not that he was stupid, blinded by rage or anything of the sort. It was just that I’d awakened the predator in him. I’d stirred him out of his lethargy, made his life more interesting, however inconvenient he found me. The glint in his eyes and his fervent desire to make me suffer were evidence enough that he craved the thrill of the chase. He’d finally met a worthy opponent. Or maybe this was my ego talking big game again. 
The silhouette of a man flashed across one of the passages and Lora and I flattened ourselves against the wall. The man went from our gallery into the one on its right and called out to someone. We waited to make sure he wouldn’t come right back and resumed our march deeper into the mine – slowly, tentatively. We hadn’t taken more than a couple of steps when a hard-hat-wearing miner appeared. Fortunately, he was facing the other way and didn’t see us. The next one would probably walk right into us. We had to be more careful. This section of the gallery was lined with wooden crates, neatly stacked on both sides. 
The gaps left in-between were big enough to pass through, but the whole thing was starting to look more and more like a labyrinth. I wondered how they transported the mined ore to the surface. 
Two workers popped up a dozen steps ahead of us, picked up one of the wooden crates and carried it somewhere. This wasn’t it. I pulled Lora into an alcove between crates and pulled her down next to me. 
She sat down and examined one foot. It was bleeding from cuts left by all those sharp rocks. I wouldn’t be surprised if there were pieces of metal and glass and all sorts of junk on the tunnel floor. She was definitely getting an anti-tetanus injection when this was over.  
“I’ll do some reconnaissance,” I whispered. “Wait here.”
“I’m coming with you.”
“It’s safer if I go alone.” I put on my jacket and looked around. “Together, we’ll be easier to spot.”
The girl welder and aspiring dancer in the Flashdance movie notwithstanding, industrial settings don’t exactly teem with young, beautiful, curly-haired girls. 
Lora nodded and touched my hand. 
“Be careful.”
“You too.”

37. 
I stood up and walked forward. The gallery soon opened into a spacious underground hall that housed an army of workers. I took cover behind a large piece of rock and studied the room. 
There truly was production capacity here. 
Two miners were laying big metal parts in wide containers that looked like massive ovens. The components resembled giant eggs in a carton, only they were much larger and more elongated than even ostrich eggs. Thick, fluffy streams of steam were rising from the metal parts.  
Nimble workers moved the eggs from one place to another, carrying or pushing them in a cart. About a hundred people were fussing around a multitude of long tables in the room. They were busy wielding screwdrivers and wrenches, slamming down hammers, working vices… It was a hectic assembly work. Even though there was no assembly line per se, the operation was so well organized that the metal parts were moving seamlessly from one table to the next before winding up in large baskets. Every single person knew their job to perfection. The people in this spacious hall looked even more like busy ants than their colleagues in the hangar outside. In teams of two, the workers hauled wooden crates to feed the assembly line.   
It was pretty warm and some of the workers were wiping their foreheads on their sleeves.  
At first, I thought this was the mine’s workshop, where all the machinery and mining units got repaired. I didn’t know the first thing about literal underground businesses so I had no earthly idea what these elongated, pointy pieces of metal did. I examined one set on the table closest to me. If my eyes weren’t deceiving me, that piece of metal was actually a cannon shell. I studied the rest of the tables, as much as my swollen left eye allowed it. I was right. The workers were fussing over cannon shells. Tens, even hundreds of them. The golden pipes that filled the baskets were no golden pipes, but brass shell casings. Big brass casings for big cannon shells. 
God damn!  
They were making ammunition! This was Ivan Zahariev’s underground, probably illegal and definitely unlawful factory for ammunitions. 
So many things made sense now. His paranoia, his thirst for vengeance, his distaste for journalists. The media would have a field day with this story if I could only send them a short, amateur video of the underground kingdom beneath the town of Rogue. 
What an arrogant ass! He had fixed himself a private arms workshop! Under the ground, far from prying eyes.  
No way this business was registered, which meant the items produced were not documented. He could easily sell bombs to the Afghans or missiles to the Egyptians or whatever he wanted to whoever he wanted. That’s why he had chosen Rogue. This type of manufacturing could never be done on the down low in Sofia. 
Bastard. 
I let out a sneeze that sent sharp pain shooting through my head. One of the workers nearby looked up and stared in my direction, but he either didn’t see me or mistook me for a natural part of the underground factory’s landscape. I, however, saw him despite my half-shut eye and blurred vision. It was Encho, the guy who had given me his bike.  
That was it. The whole crew was here. All those men with dirty overalls, stinky jackets and strapless hard hats were sweating buckets assembling cannon shells. All gainfully employed Rogue residents were sharing the struggle of making bombs. 
There was no mine! There was no extraction of ore. I had to tell Lora. I had to inform her about the kind of business Ivan Zahariev was running here. 
What kind of monstrous childhood trauma was this man working though? 
I started backpedaling when the blare of a siren filled the underground maze. Like the one that had startled me in my first night in Rogue. The shift was over, the miners were free to go home. I imagined them throwing their hard hats in the air at the end of each workday to celebrate surviving yet another shift. Nothing like this happened, though. Instead, the workers exchanged puzzled looks. Encho checked his watch and shook his head. Perhaps they were addicted to putting ammunition together and didn’t feel like going home. 
Two of them, clearly doubling as correctional officers, started directing the toilers toward the exit, explaining something with tired gestures. No one resisted or wasted time cleaning up their work stations. The workers just dropped whatever they were doing, stood up and headed out. I huddled in my hiding place and prayed no one would notice me. 
The machine roar died down, the grinding noise trailed off and heavy silence settled over the underground factory, punctuated by the footsteps of downtrodden workers. My friend, the illusionist, definitely had a point. I didn’t think the trick with the miner’s disguise would work again for me. At the exit, two other correctional officers were taking a good look at every worker before letting him pass. I watched those poor people fall in line and patiently wait their turn. From my squatting position, I saw mostly legs. Suddenly, my fuzzy brain was assaulted by my recurring vision of hell: hordes of sinners trudging down an endless hallway, their hard-soled shoes scraping the dusty floor.  
Seeing my nightmares come to life made my head spin and I had to sit down to keep from falling. 
Ivan Zahariev was emptying the galleries out. Once the last worker was gone, he was going to do something insane like flood the premises with boiling hot water or plaster concrete all over the mine’s entrance and seal it shut. Or he might send a pack of crazed dogs after me, trained killers that would bring him back my bloodied clothes as the only thing left of me. 
I had to find Lora. 
As he was rising up to join the back of the line, one of the workers accidentally upset a cannon shell. It rolled down the table, then settled to a stopped with the sharp end pointing at me. The tip, i.e. the detonator, was missing. 
That’s when I finally put the pieces of the puzzle together. 
Oh, God… 
They weren’t making bombs in this place. I’d wanted to believe something so much that I’d let my preferred version of reality override what my eyes were telling me. But something hadn’t felt right all along and now I knew what it was. The workers weren’t assembling cannon shells. 
No. 
They were dismantling them. 
This was a facility for ammunition decommissioning. Ivan Zahariev had stuffed the galleries with hundreds of tons of cannon shells past their expiration date. 
What’s the big deal, eh? Assemble, disassemble – it’s all the same. The trouble is that one carried much higher risks. About a hundred times higher. And those weren’t about some clutz getting his finger crushed by the vice.  
I had to find Lora. 
And then I had to find a way for us to get out.
Before that psycho barged in and started a literal underground shooting spree in a place packed with ammunition past its expiration date. 
My path to Lora was cut off, as the gallery that had brought me here was now full of workers. I couldn’t blend in with them because the correctional officers would catch me. I could wait them out or try one of the passages to the other galleries and see where it takes me. I was going to either get lost or find a circuitous route. The choice was clear. I crept backward and disappeared into the first available passage. 
And promptly got lost. 

38. 
I wandered through the galleries, searching for something familiar, a point of reference that would help me find my bearings. I got so disoriented that I couldn’t tell what direction the underground workshop was in. Everywhere around me were stacks of wooden crates that looked exactly the same as the crates in the other galleries. The silence was oppressing.   
At one point I even debated the wisdom of calling out for Lora. She would call back, unless she had already escaped or been captured. But if she could hear me, so could the other players in this game and that wouldn’t be good. I got seriously worried that I might roam the galleries for days until I finally drop dead from hunger and exhaustion. I thought I heard voices, but it was only the blood pumping in my ears. I thought I saw silhouettes in the shadows of the stone walls. I was perilously close to going crazy. 
And then all the lights went out, plunging the place into complete darkness. Compared to this, pitch blackness was like Christmas lights in an amusement park. There was no point in moving now. I would only get from one dark place to another and whack my head against a rock or a wooden crate in the process. 
I wondered if Lora was looking for me or she’d already found her way out. Was she begging Cover Boy for mercy at this very moment saying he made me, he forced me! or was she out of the mine and on her way to fetch likeminded people who would help her stage a violent coup and topple Ivan Zahariev from the pedestal on which Rogue residents themselves had put him?  
I plopped on the gravely floor and hugged my knees. What had gone so wrong? 
I’d gotten on a train from Stara Zagora to Rousse, where I was supposed to get a decent job. Since that moment, I hadn’t stolen anything, hadn’t lied, hadn’t done anyone wrong. That drunken ticket collector didn’t count because he’d gotten what he’d deserved. 
And here I was at the bottom again.  
For the life of me, I couldn’t figure out my bad luck. I keep to myself and try to live a quiet life, not get on anyone’s radar. I don’t look for trouble. I stay on the sidelines and pretend to be deaf and blind to the world around me. I barely speak even when I’m asked a question. I don’t take sides in arguments even when I know I’m right. I don’t get involved with shady characters even if my life depends on it. My wrecked life.   
A wave of self-pity slammed into me.  
I wasn’t at the bottom. This was a bottomless pit. I was in a freefall and scrambling for something to hold on to.
As if to spoil my pity party, a sadistic male voice that could only belong to someone right out of a last-century magazine said loudly and clearly: 
“Come out of there!”
It was official, I was in hell. 
My breathing turned very shallow. Cover Boy had the instincts and senses of a wild animal. I could move my pinky an inch to the left and he would catch that shift. He probably had night vision. I bet he heard voices too. 
Ivan Zahariev. 
Why did I have to run into him of all people in this god-forsaken mountain town? For once in my wrecked life, I deserved to chance upon decent people, right? People who would make the effort to see the positive in me? People who would appreciate my talents and try to put them to good use… People who would offer me a future and not care to know my past.     
“Come out. Stop wasting my time.”
I couldn’t tell where he was since every noise bounced around the galleries like in a pinball machine, generating waves of sound that layered on top of each other. He wasn’t far away though. So he’d gone deep into the mine to get me. 
Something didn’t feel right. 
Did he know the depths of his so-called mine so well that he could walk here in complete darkness?  
Had I gotten closer to the nearest end of the concrete tunnel without realizing it? Not that it mattered all that much. I was lost, alone, with my back against the wall and no hope for escape. Cover Boy held all the trump cards. I wished I had some kind of weapon at least – a knife, a hammer, a pair of scissors,,, or that piece of glass Lora left by the entrance. I was painfully aware of the irony of standing smack dab in the middle of what was essentially an arms warehouse and not having so much as a needle to defend myself. That observation made me feel even more ridiculous. 
“I have Lora.”
He was bluffing. 
He wanted me to betray my location with a move or a sound. You aren’t fooling anyone, mister engineer. Try something more original. 
“I’m sorry.”
No!
It was Lora’s voice!
The bastard had really caught her! I barely restrained myself from jumping out of my hiding place and charging in the direction of the voices so I could tear him to pieces. He just couldn’t help but be a bastard – making me save a life by serving him mine on a platter. 
Lora. 
Lora should’ve stayed out of this whole mess. She should’ve shrugged her shoulders helplessly when I’d first met her at the information center, wished me Godspeed and sent me on my way. Between the two of us, I was the one who deserved to be in that VIP idiot’s clutches, not her. She had just tried to be nice and shouldn’t have to suffer for it. 
“I’m going to count to three.”
“Don’t bother.”
Even though he couldn’t possibly see me, I stood up with my hands in the air. I was surrendering. Enough already. I was sick of Rogue. I was sick of everything. I didn’t care. I didn’t give a fig. 
“Two more steps!” 
I followed his instructions obediently. I stepped forward and turned in the direction of his voice. 
“Don’t move!”
Well, that was it. Here I am, engineer Zahariev. Forgive me for ever inconveniencing you. 
“Cuff him,” his voice came from somewhere closer. “Here.” 
Impatient fingers touched my elbow as if feeling their way to me in the dark. I recognized Lora’s touch when she finally grabbed my hand. It was simultaneously gentle, confident and apologetic. 
“I’m sorry for having to…”
“No talking,” Cover Boy interrupted her. “Hurry up!”
Lora ran her hands along mine and shackled my wrists with metal handcuffs. I wanted to embrace her – for the long way we had traveled together – and just hold her in my arms. I wanted her hands to be the last thing I would touch, her curls – the last thing I would smell, her eyes – the last thing I would picture before that lunatic killed me.  
“Get out of the way, Lora!” The owner of the mine could truly see in the dark. “And you, turn around!”
I turned my back to him and braced for a bullet in the back of the head. It would totally be his style. One day, if he decided to write a book about all the people he’d sent to the grave – directly or indirectly – he should settle on Villainous Me as the title.  
He didn’t shoot me. Just laughed… at me flipping him off. My cuffed hands were way up in the air and clearly signaling my opinion of him. The sleaze had a night-vision device – infrared goggles or binoculars or a thermal imaging camera, whatever. The point was, he could see me and I couldn’t see him. I, however, had a lighter in my hand and he was about to discover that in a painful way. I slid it up my fingers and struck the sparkwheel. For a split second, the entire gallery took on shape under the bright, white flash. Best of all, the spark fried Ivan Zahariev’s retinas. 
Surprise! 
Not that that stunt mattered any at this point. It was like sticking a pin into your executioner at the scaffold. I got a kick out of it, though. Cover Boy groaned quietly, a barely audible sound that brought me pleasure. It was short-lived. The bastard knew, too, that a pinprick wasn’t stopping the executioner from carrying out the sentence. Maybe he found his own pleasure in my desperate helplessness.  
“Move!” He was really close now, no more than five-six steps behind me. 
“I can’t see anything.” 
“You don’t need to.”
I shuffled forward. My shoes weren’t meant for traversing a terrain of packed rocks, which is what I had been walking on since the moment I’d set foot into the mine. I was trying to stay optimistic despite my growing exhaustion. I racked my brain for a way to tip the scales in my own favor, but there was no use. I couldn’t see Cover Boy, couldn’t attack him, couldn’t take his weapon away. 
“Pick it up!” 
We walked like this for five interminable minutes, which had to translate into roughly a hundred meters. Or five hundred. After all, there was no way to tell. I had long lost any sense of time or distance. 
“Stop!”
A clang and a click and the gallery was suddenly flooded with bright light. At least it felt bright to my eyes after staring into complete darkness for so long. When everything turned white I thought I was going blind. It took me a full minute to get adjusted to the light. We were at the end of the gallery. Here, the tunnel was only about three meters high and ended with a big wire cage next to a distribution board bearing a lightning sign. Luminescent lamps – the source of my temporary blindness – hung from thick cables crawling along the gallery ceiling. 
Ivan Zahariev was standing behind me with a gun in one hand. Several steps behind him was Lora, head down, trimmed curls drooping in despair. I wanted to tell her she shouldn’t feel guilty about anything. She had done more than enough. The problem was that good not always prevailed. And sometimes justice came too late.  
“Open the door and get inside!”
I didn’t know how much longer I would be able to follow his commands. I thought about pivoting and lunging at him so he would shoot me and end my misery. If he was going to end up killing me anyway, why do his bidding? 
Lora seemed completely detached. I didn’t know what was going to happen next, but a little voice told me she would be fine. Somehow I knew nothing bad was going to happen to her. Cover Boy had no intention of shooting, killing, beating or torturing her. From everything I’d seen and heard, I was pretty confident this man had a soft spot for Lora. I didn’t blame him, given the type of person Lora was. And yet it was hard to believe that something could soften Ivan Zahariev’s heart of stone. 
Those thoughts were going to run through my mind much later, though. In the present moment, I just stared at the wire netting wrapped around the cage frame. 
“Get in!” 
I stepped in and Ivan Zahariev barred the door from the outside. Now what? Was his plan to keep me caged and fatten me up? I thought back to the Hansel and Gretel fairy tale again and struggled to remember the ending. Did the good guys win? I had read it in a past life, of which I remembered very little. 
Was the evil fashion model going to show me to his twisted friends like some trophy? 
I looked around and found the answer.  
This wasn’t a regular old cage. Miners used these to go down to the stopes. This is how back in the day actual miners in Beech Mine would reach the various tunnels dug hundreds of meters deep into the ground to access large veins of ore in the rocks. I was in the elevator. And judging by the way Ivan Zahariev was studying the distribution board, I was going down.  
“Sit down!”
If he’d told me to do a headstand, I probably would have. That was how little I cared. 
I was sitting on the cage floor with my cuffed hands in my lap. Ivan Zahariev was obviously trying to make the platform move, unsuccessfully so far. He didn’t seem all that upset, though. Quite the opposite – I felt like he was enjoying the moment of suspense before sending his captive to the depths of hell. In the next three minutes Ivan Zahariev said more words than I’d heard him utter in our entire short acquaintance.  

39. 
Cover Boy spoke calmly like a narrator of a wildlife documentary. 
“Exactly two years ago, some cocky little shit like you tried to ruin me. He got his hands on some documents. An explosive story, a scandal, incriminating evidence… that’s the nonsense he kept spewing.”
Mister engineer set the gun on top of the distribution board, opened the lid and examined the cables. He looked like a real maintenance guy diagnosing a problem.  
“Have you any idea of the state Rogue was in when I first came here? I found wreckage. People struggled to put food on the table. They had no money for prescription drugs or clothes… the kids were walking around barefoot. We started building from the bottom, together. The ore deposits had been depleted. I didn’t care. I promised the people here that I would give them their lives back. And I kept my word. I restored something even more important – their hope for the future, their dignity and self-respect.”
Ivan Zahariev removed several nuts and cleaned the rusty terminal blocks around which wires were coiled. The thick cable broke into three conductors, each of which ended in a hook. Black and burnt hook.  
“I gave them their self-esteem back. I renovated the hospital, the school, the community center… I built a kindergarten, a park, a chapel… I helped them be happy with living in Rogue. Ask them. Go out there and ask them if they’re happy.”
Cover Boy scraped off the dark layer of patina covering the wires and, one by one, attached them back to the right terminal blocks. 
“That guy wanted to ruin everything. And for what? To publish a scoop in his stupid newspaper. So I shut him up. With a big, fat roll of money. But it wasn’t enough for him. He started sending me threatening e-mails. He wanted more money. He sent someone and I paid him. The third time, I snapped. I drove the little shit to the mine so he could see for himself how money is made, smell the grind, taste the sweat, dirt and soot that go into it.”   
Ivan Zahariev paused and looked at me with an unsettling gleam in his eyes. 
“Three days in the mine were enough to change his mind. He got out of here having learned how to treat hard-working people in Rogue. He’d learned to appreciate VIP Mining and everything we’d built. He broke. Sooner or later, you all break.”  
Finally, Cover Boy put the nuts back into place. He closed the lid of the distribution board and flipped the circuit-breaker. The platform buzzed into life and swayed. The buttons on the board lit up in green and red and Ivan Zahariev’s lips stretched into a satisfied smirk.  
“He hasn’t called in a year. And now you show up. Oh, no. No sir. No more free lessons from me. I’m failing you on this test, you and your greedy boss.”
The one-man show was over. The engineer sure had a talent for acting, but I wasn’t about to applaud him. I also wasn’t about to let him get away with this bullshit. Especially for him, I chose my words to be as highfalutin as I could possibly manage at this moment.  
“I appreciate your preferred way of manifesting your artistic ability.”
It took him a minute to catch on. I was quick to deny him a chance to respond, determined to let him know what I really thought of him. 
“You’re a murderer, engineer Zahariev. Nothing but a psychopath and a vile murderer.” 
Cover Boy looked me over as if that was the last time he would lay eyes on me. 
“I’m asking you one last time, what did you do with the files?”
“I did what I had to. People are finally going to learn the truth.”
Ivan Zahariev approached the cage netting, his cold eyes spearing me. 
“People like different truths.”
“No one likes stories about dead bodies. Do you really believe you can get away with this?”
“What I believe is none of your business.”
He turned to the board and placed a forefinger on one of the buttons. He looked mildly offended, curiously majestic and arrogant as ever. I remembered my words to him at the VIP Mining offices. 
“Your time is ticking away, engineer Zahariev”
As was the case back in his office, I knew it was my time that was running out. His features shifted to accommodate a sardonic smile – cold as the millions of tons of rocks looming over our heads.    
“Good night, Mr. Milev!”
Ivan Zahariev pushed the button. The platform lurched and started a screechy descent. I looked straight into his eyes so my last expression could get burned into his mind. I wanted him to see me in his nightmares. I wanted him to wake up in the middle of the night, haunted by the stares of the people he’d killed. 
Then Lora finally snapped out of her stupor. I saw her throwing herself at Cover Boy and taking him to the ground. The same way he’d tackled her in the garage. She must’ve caught him off guard because she managed to grab the gun from the distribution board without any resistance.   
Lora stood up and backed up a bit. Then the tableau disappeared from view as the platform slowly plunged me underground to the soundtrack of horrific screeching sounds. 
I had no idea what was going on up there, in the gallery. The elevator from hell jerked to a stop a couple of times, briefly went up, then halted again and started back down. The lamp overhead exploded, sparks ran up the cable. Then the cage hung suspended for a long moment before it squeaked and scraped back to the place where it had started.  
Ivan Zahariev was sitting five or six steps away from the cage, holding his right knee with both hands. Judging by the expression on his face, he was in a world of pain. And if the blood trickling down his fingers was any indication, he’d gotten a bullet for his troubles.  
The girl was standing by the distribution board, watching the fashion model like a hawk. She reached and removed the lever that barred the cage door. The cable above my head was burning and smoking. As I stepped out of the elevator, a burst of sparks came out of the board. 
Tiny flames lapped at the thick cables running along the ceiling. The rubber insulation cracked into big chunks that quickly melted and started dripping onto the floor.  
The lamps went out and darkness rushed back in, only this time it was disrupted by the light from the tiny flames. It occurred to me that if we followed the burning cable along the galleries, it would take us to freedom.
“Let’s get out of here,” I offered my cuffed hands to Lora. “Please.”
“Help me.”        
I didn’t get how I was supposed to help her. If anyone needed help, it was me. 
“He’s wounded,” Lora said, pointing to the fashion model agonizing on the floor. “I can’t leave him like this.”
“What?” 
“Help me carry him out.”
Never in my wildest dreams could have I imagined a scenario in which I would get asked to take Ivan Zahariev to the hospital so he could get his injuries treated. Even if my better angels were still alive and kicking, the wounded man in question had tried mighty hard to obliterate them in the last half hour.
“He’s fine,” I said. “He’ll live.”
“Please!”
“No.”
There really was no need. His wound was not life-threatening and could wait until the morning. The miners working the first shift would find him then. If what the engineer had said was to be believed, the people of Rogue would gladly carry him to the North Pole to put ice on his wound. They would never turn their back to Dear Leader in trouble. By the time any of this happened, though, I intended to be halfway across Bulgaria, propelled mostly by negative emotions.  
Lora’s show of concern struck me as strange. I remembered her by the chapel, telling me about the types of people living in Rogue – those ready to kowtow to Ivan Zahariev at all times and the other category, the nihilists who had abdicated all social responsibility. And then there were the obscurants from VIP Mining, who were allowed anything. I should’ve asked her right then and there which category she fell into. What teams she was on.  
It occurred to me that Lora might’ve developed that syndrome where a victim of kidnapping bonds with its abductor. I read somewhere that the victim can feel sympathy for or even take a liking to its abuser to the point of defending him, identifying with him.   
I looked at him. There was nothing left of the old Ivan Zahariev. The man in the rumpled suit sitting on the floor of the gallery and holding his shot knee seemed like a complete stranger. His face was contorted in a grimace of pain and yet his eyes were weirdly empty. He’d lost and he wasn’t taking it well. Somehow I sensed his anguish wasn’t because of me. Yes, I was leaving – fee and unscathed – and he couldn’t do anything to stop me. But that wasn’t what had crushed him. He’d suffered a crushing blow from an unexpected source. He’d been betrayed. And that had broken him mentally.  
Lora. 
Lora had defeated him, not me. 
Lora pointed the gun at me. 
“Please.”
I doubted she would pull the trigger. Not after everything we’d gone through. Whatever big secret she had – and we all had one of those – she was made of good stuff. She was a good girl, a little confused but still good. She was young. Life had yet to do its damage. Her actions were guided by the aforementioned better angels of her being. She wouldn’t hurt me. At the very least, having to carry two injured people out of the mine would be quite inconvenient for her.
“Come on, Lora, cut this crap and let’s go.”     
“Please.” 
“No.”
Our gazes locked into a fierce battle. The look of steely resolve that crept into her eyes scared me. Maybe the shock of firing a gun and shooting someone had shaken her to her core. The fashion model was actually the second target she’d hit that night. Maybe she was losing it. I’d seen it happen to dudes far tougher than her. 
Maybe the blood oozing from Cover Boy’s knee had sickened her. I had no idea. But she seemed to have woken from her Emil Milev dream and realized the foolishness of ever listening to a drifter. Or I was misreading her again. 
I wanted her to drop the gun and take my hand so I can lead her far away from the dark gallery and the painful presence of Ivan Zahariev. I reached out a hand, hoping that Lora would give me hers.
Instead she straightened her right hand, the one holding the gun. 
“Help me carry him out.”
“No.”
“Please.”
“Or what, you’re going to shoot me?”
“Please,” tears rolled down her face. “Please.”
“Lora! What’s wrong with you, have you lost your mind? Ivan Zahariev is a murderer. Did you miss the part where he was trying to kill me too?!”
“It’s not true!”
“It’s true. Ivan Zahariev is a murderer and a psychopath!”
“No!”
“Yes.”
“No!”
Lora shot at me. That is, she pulled the trigger but no bullet came out flying. There was just this metallic click! It echoed quietly between the towering rocks. Then there was another click. And another. 
Lora finally figured it out. 
She was out of bullets. 
I ripped the gun from her hand and hurled it into the belly of the gallery. 
So much for people’s better angels. 
So much for Lora. 
I couldn’t even bare to look at her anymore. 
Good thing I didn’t have to. My eyes snapped to the white-hot conductors snaking along the ceiling. They reminded me of a fuse, only this one gave off a much worse, almost toxic smell. 
The thought chilled me.  
A fuse! 
A fuse, plus a fire, plus an ammunition warehouse equals… run as fast as your legs would carry you! 
I grabbed Lora by the shoulders and shook her. 
“Lora! This whole place will blow up soon. Run! Save yourself!”
She looked right through me with glassy eyes, tears streaming down her face. I snapped and slapped her hard across the face. Her curls swirled wildly in the air, her tears flowed uncontrollably now.  
“Come on! Let’s go!” 
I grabbed her hand and pulled her toward the exit. But she tore herself free and ran back to the wounded Ivan Zahariev and knelt beside him. The last thing I saw of her were her bloodied feet scraped raw. 

40. 
This time I ran as if hellhounds were nipping at my feet, although the handcuffs definitely didn’t help my speed.  
The lamps were still working deeper into the gallery although the cables had started smoking and emitting that nauseating smell there too. The underground workshop turned out to be pretty close. I’d almost whizzed past it, when I thought of something. I went in, rummaged through all the stuff left on the tables and found what I was looking for – a piece of flat wire. I stuck it into one lock and poked around. It took over a minute, but my trembling fingers finally picked the first lock and the cuff opened. I made a quick work of the second one. I threw the handcuffs and they landed on the table with a clang. It only now dawned on me that this was the same pair that had been used to chain Lora to her sofa. Ivan Zahariev had taken it off of her to use it on me. It was almost touching. But my thoughts were already disengaging from what was now a story from my past.  
I ran for the exit. The smell was getting unbearable. If the cable kept burning at that pace, pretty soon there was going to be no oxygen left in the galleries. 
I emerged from the tunnel, stopped and filled my lungs with the damp, fresh, cool mountain air. With that, an inexplicable calm rushed through my veins. It was barely perceptible, but pure and unmistakable. Happiness is found in little things. An old Poduene saying.  
But tonight, I had no time for pleasures, small or otherwise. I heard hurried footsteps approach the mine entrance and I took cover in the grass to side of the concrete tunnel opening. Against the dark sky, I could barely make out the shaven head of one of the thugs as he lumbered past me, breathing heavily. He went inside the tunnel and disappeared into the half-light of the galleries. Maybe he was on a rescue mission or just wanted to die honorably next to his boss like some loyal samurai. 
I ran again. The glossy black SUV winked at me from its spot by the closest buildings. Here was my chance for a free ride to Rogue or wherever I wanted. 
Yes, please.  
I kept my fingers crossed that this particular SUV didn’t require fingerprints to start. That would be a cruel joke. I opened the door and checked for a key left in the ignition. No such luck. 
Ha! What if it was in the pocket of Cover Boy or the lumbering cephalopod – somewhere deep in the heart of Beech Mine! I wouldn’t go back down there for anything. My last hope was that the key was still with Three Stripes and that he was still somewhere around.  
I walked into the concrete garage and found him where I’d left him – folded in an unnatural position on the floor. He looked unconscious, but what if he woke up all of a sudden and jumped me? I crept closer and realized there was no jumping in his future. 
His eyes were staring at the ceiling, cold and lifeless. The burly fella, no matter how incredible that seemed, was dead. The bullet Lora had put into him must’ve hit a vital organ. Unless he had died of fear. 
Stoyan, on the other hand, was still moving and even quietly moaning. The blood smears around his mouth had dried up and his pants stunk of urine, but he was alive. 
I search the dead guy and found the car key. I had to act fast. I put Stoyan on my back and carried him out of the garage as carefully as the thought of burning cables in ammunition-packed mine galleries allowed me. 
I put the young man on the front passenger seat and secured the seatbelt around him. I looked around the plateau of the mine complex. I saw no one. Even the hangar was dark and quiet. 
I now knew what the machines housed there cut into pieces – the brass shell casings of the cannon shells. That would certainly make selling all that brass on the open market much easier – harder to trace the origin of small fragments of metal, fewer questions that way. Baskets of brass shell casings popping up in factories and workshops across the country, now that would raise some eyebrows. 
I had one last bit of unfinished business. 
I went into the garage where I’d left my own clothes. They were exactly where I’d left them, still wrapped in newspapers. I got out of the overalls and slipped into my jeans. The cool fabric felt invigorating. I put on the denim jacket and went out. I felt like myself again. I was no longer a miner from an obscure Balkan Mountains town with a five-letter name. I was me. I was Emil again. The curse had been lifted. The spell had been broken. 
I got into the car, slammed the gas pedal to the floor and the motor roared. The wheels turned in place, then the SUV executed an almost full circle on the spot. I heard gravel flying from underneath the tires, the projectiles hitting the concrete buildings around. I straightened the car and sped toward the complex gate.  
Some genius had lowered the barrier and closed the big gates, probably locked them too. The SUV went through the wire fencing like it was made of breadsticks and flew through the night. I drove like a maniac down the steep road. I had to put as much distance between us and the mine complex as I could before the fireworks celebrating my departure started.     
I thought about all those poor souls peacefully sleeping in Rogue, unsuspecting of the surprise their almighty benefactor had prepared them. They were in for a rude awakening. About four-five kilometers separated the mine complex gates and the first Rogue houses. That just might be enough of a buffer to prevent serious damages and death. I had no idea how many tons of ammunitions Ivan Zahariev had stored in his termitary. I could only hope it wasn’t all that many. I had no one to ask. Except for Stoyan.  
“Stoyan!” I pushed his shoulder to get his attention. “Stoyan!” 
The young man moaned and turned to face me. From his bleary eyes, I couldn’t tell if he actually saw me or even knew who I was. He seemed fairly out of it, but I had to give it a try. I wondered how best to ask the question. 
“You know that there’s no mining going on in the mine, right? You know what’s actually happening there?”
Stoyan nodded. 
Maybe that was why he was constantly at odds with Ivan Zahariev. Extracting ore was no blessing for the environment, but handling tons of ammunitions past their expiration date was pure poison. In every aspect. Recycling wasn’t much of a mitigating factor here.  
“How often does the mine get deliveries?”
“Once a month.”
“Are they made by trucks?”
The young man nodded. 
“Seven. Seven trucks each time.”
“Big trucks? Like, heavy-duty trucks?”
Stoyan nodded again. 
Fuck!
Seven heavy-duty trucks carrying at least twenty tons each amounted to a number I really didn’t want to think about. 
I looked ahead and finally noticed the condition my hands were in. They were covered in blood, dirt, soot, rust and motor oil. I checked my appearance in the mirror and flinched at the sight. My face was plastered with its own blend of grime from my nightmarish jaunt to the underworld. I poked around the glove compartment and found a packet of wet wipes. I started cleaning myself up – one after the other, the dirty wipes wound up on the floor of the car. I felt like I was removing all the stench of the last three days. Many of the memories wouldn’t be that easy to get rid of, though, and some moments would definitely stay with me for the rest of my life.  
I handed Stoyan the packet and he got down to cleaning himself up. That procedure elicited no small amount of moans from him. We looked like two crybabies taking off their make-up after a disastrous theatre performance in a small village that had so angered the locals that they’d come after us with pitchforks.   
Seven heavy-duty trucks a month… 
I had only rudimentary knowledge of decommissioning of ammunitions. Basically, the army keeps large stocks of all sorts of guns and the respective ammunitions they used – bullets, cannon shells, mines and missiles. They all have an expiration date. At some point the army decides it’s time to get rid of those past their expiration date. But it can’t just throw them out or hand them over for recycling. It has to dismantle them, sorting the fragments into groups of metal parts, shell casings, detonators and gunpowder or T.N.T. or whatever explosives are used. The army commissions private companies like VIP Mining and compensates them well to do this high-risk job. The companies are allowed to sell and therefore profit from the metal parts, shell casings, detonators and gunpowder/T.N.T. separated out throughout the decommissioning process. Sometimes that makes them more money than the government contract itself. 
What is worse, the sweetest deals are usually half-legal. The ammunitions come from, say, Greece – in contravention of some convention or other – because, you see, the people there are not stupid enough to take apart ammunition in exchange for such low pay. The trucks cross the border into Bulgaria, declaring cans or oranges as the goods they are transporting. No paper trail, no accountability, no taxes paid. Business expenses are reduced to salaries so most of the revenues convert into profits. 
That was exactly the scene that had played before me in the underground workshop. The workers disassembled cannon shells and separated the resulting fragments to be stored in sacks, metal baskets and wooden crates. Some of those sacks or crates were full of metal junk, others were full of explosives. All ready to be sold. 
In other words, if trucks of ammunitions came to Rogue, trucks of fragments had to leave town by the same number. One in, one out. Otherwise the mine complex would get stuffed. Which was exactly what had happened. Why had Ivan Zahariev allowed it?    
I could think of one reason. Deliveries were easy to plan as part of a major contract that laid out deadlines, quantities and payment methods in its terms and conditions and that was strictly applied – that was how the army operated. The end products, however, were sold to various small private companies. That part was difficult to predict, difficult to plan and virtually impossible to execute perfectly in line with expectations. Maybe the sales got done in waves, depending on the level of demand, the state of the economy at large and price fluctuations. Sooner or later, though, the surge of demand came and the stored treasures were sold. 
It was an extremely sustainable business model since the world would never run out of ammunitions past expiration date or of poor souls willing to dismantle them to put food on the table. Never mind that the job sometimes cost them their lives.
“Have there been deaths in the mine?”
Stoyan nodded again. 
I took a dep breath before asking my next question. 
“How many?”
“Seven last year,” Stoyan said on a cough. “Four so far this year.”
The four men on the floor of the hospital’s morgue. 
“And there was no public outcry? Don’t people know what’s going on?”
Stoyan took a breath, followed by another moan. His words came in spurts. 
“They know and they keep their mouths shut… because working in the mine… is the only way to make a living here… Ivan Zahariev pays well… When someone local dies… he gets buried without much noise… Those out of town… get tossed in the dam lake.”
The dam lake! 
God knew whether I would ever get to the bottom of this case. One thing was for sure, with each new detail that was revealed, I felt more and more disgusted. I was stunned. I wondered if I would ever manage to forget this town and its sad story. A town that had risen from the ashes but had paid and continued to pay dearly for it. 
Or maybe Stoyan was wrong. The four miners whose files were in my possession were definitely not local. And yet, they were in the morgue, not swimming in the dam lake. Had Cover Boy changed tack and decided to cremate the bodies and send the ashes to their families – in brass shell casings instead of urns perhaps – along with generous damages settlements… 
“You’re wrong, Stoyan. The four dead men are still at the morgue. I saw them with my own eyes.” 
“That’s because until three days ago… the dam lake was still frozen over.”
That was probably among the sources of friction between Stoyan and Ivan Zahariev. Throwing corpses into the local dam lake as if they were nothing more than buckets of rotten apples… Ugh! It was as disgusting as the other elements of this dark saga. I figured the locals weren’t privy to all the details. No sane, normal person could live with the knowledge of this sordid scheme for years. Zahariev was probably good at hiding his dirty secrets. How had Stoyan uncovered all of this? 
“How did you find out all of this?”  
Stoyan shifted in his seat and tried to take off his seatbelt. Or at least loosen it.
“My father died in the mine… The circumstances were unclear.”
“So you decided to get clarity?”
“I had to. Otherwise…” 
Incoming headlights blinded me and I jumped on the brakes. But it was too late to avoid colliding with the other car. The airbags activated with a bang. Stoyan howled with pain on the seat next to me. Steam rose from under the hood. 
I got out of the SUV to inspect the damage.   
It wasn’t a car we had crashed into. It was a truck. A heavy-duty truck with a long trailer. Its driver had gotten out too. 
“Think you’re on a race track, you idiot?”
I checked the truck. And saw another pair of headlights behind it. And I think another one further into the distance, where the road curved into a bend. I couldn’t see for sure, but I just knew there were seven of them. Seven trucks each time. They were making a delivery, as if the mine wasn’t bursting at the seams already. Great timing. 
Maybe that was why Ivan Zahariev was so nervous – the business of selling those secondary products is not doing well and right around the time a new delivery is scheduled, some cocky journalist type shows up… 
I grabbed the driver by the lapels of his leather jacket and pushed him against the cabin door. 
“Run! Save your life!”
He tried to disengage from me, failed and promptly concluded I was a psycho.
“What you want form me, you retard?”
I loosened my grip to defuse the situation and nodded to the mine. 
“A fire broke out. The place could blow up any moment now and wipe us all out.”
I watched him process my words, then let go of him and stepped back. The man fixed his jacket and craned his neck. 
“I don’t see no fire.”
“If you see it, you’re already dead.”
The driver blinked, studied my face for another couple of seconds and nodded. 
“Move your car so I can turn around.”
The road was so narrow that there was no room for two vehicles to pass each other. Hence, the crash. The only place he could make a U-turn was the parking lot of the mine complex. But by the time the trucks got up there and executed the maneuver one by one… 
“There’s no time. Run!”
To underscore the gravity of the situation, I pulled Stoyan out of the car, put him on my back and started down the road in a ridiculous trot – a pace between march and double-quick, to use military terminology. I risked hurting Stoyan even further, but I couldn’t think of another way to get him out of there. 
The other drivers were out of their trucks too and milling around, wondering why the caravan had stopped. I let the first guy who crossed my path know and just kept on trudging down the road. The news must have quickly spread through the group and caused sufficient alarm because by the time I got to the seventh truck its driver was already running toward Rogue. I assumed they’d called him on the phone. 
We soon formed a compact group. We ran together – eight quiet, scared men dragged into a surrealistic marathon race, with only the consolation prize of staying alive awaiting us at the finish line. 
We passed the silhouette of the town sign and the first houses started floating out of the darkness like ghosts. There were no lights on. Rogue was asleep. The image of the sleepy, peaceful and happy town had a calming effect on me. Surely nothing bad could happen to that place, I thought to myself. Maybe all my fears would turn out to be unjustified and Rogue would get through this with nothing but a big old fire… 
And then the bad thing happened. 

41. 
At first, I thought one of the other night runners had bumped into me. I lost my balance, staggered and my feet got tangled. I tried to keep Stoyan on my back, but I lost that battle, dropped him and fell flat on my face. I felt the asphalt vibrating under my check and the reality of what was happening finally registered with me. I struggled to my hands and knees, grabbed Stoyan’s wrists and simply dragged him to the nearest house.  
Everything around us shook with a deep rumble that would stay imprinted on my mind for the rest of my life. The ground seemed to swell, twist and get back into place. The windows of the house – all the houses in the area – trembled with ominous clinging. The glass pane by the spot where we huddled broke and slid next to our feet. Tiles rained from rooftops, the chimney of the house next door tipped and collapsed. A jar fell from the edge of the garden sink and shattered on the tiles bellow. The fencing separating the farmyard from the garden rattled and screeched horribly. Somewhere close, I heard anxious cow moos. I didn’t dare move from my spot – plastered against the wall as if I was trying to merge with it. A fiery geyser filled the window of the house across the street and my head reflexively snapped back, hitting the wall. It took me a couple of seconds to realize that what I was seeing was the reflection of explosions tearing through Beech Mine. 
The hill of the mine complex looked like a volcano. Six or seven streams of fire shot up, punching through the overhanging clouds. The angry eruptions pierced the drooping sky, lighting up the entire valley. This lighthouse of fire must have been visible from fifty kilometers out.   
A surge of foul-smelling pressurized air swooped down the road with a chilling hiss. The blast wave brought the sound of more glass shattering, more tiles breaking. It shook down the blossoming wild plums, sending their blossoms floating through the air like spring snowflakes. Their heady aroma was quickly overpowered by the acrid smell of gunpowder fumes. A chilling, depressing, devastating evidence that the mine was all gone.    
As if to commiserate, the clouds finally let go of the rain they had been cradling for days. The long-anticipated rain finally poured down.   
Correction. Those weren’t raindrops. They came down too fast and heavy for raindrops. Was this a hailstorm? I could hear the solid fragments patter down the roof tiles and stick in the dirt. A piece rolled to my feet. I picked it up and immediately dropped it. That’s how hot it was. 
Debris. 
Shrapnel.
The metal parts that hadn’t melted in the apocalyptic blast had shot up in a firework display over the entire area and were now dropping from the sky. They sunk into the damp ground with a hiss or bounced off tiles.  
Some of the larger ones burrowed into the mud with a sizzle. My hopes for survival lay with the eaves. I pulled Stoyan closer to the wall and wrapped my arms around him, draping my denim jacket over our heads. Not that it provided much of a protection, but it gave me the illusion of safety.  
It had been no more than half a minute since I’d face-planted on the road. The longest half minute of my life. My nerves were shot, my throat burned, my hands started shaking and I felt tears trickle down my cheeks. 

42. 
The wind died down, the smell of gunpowder hung in the air, sizzling hot pieces of metal no longer fell from the sky. People were slowly emerging from their homes – in pajamas and nightgowns, in wife beaters and underwear, or wrapped up in dressing-gowns, basically in whatever state the disaster had caught them. They all looked disheveled, frightened and helpless.  
No one seemed to grasp what had happened. People stood outside their houses, some gathered in bunches. Some lit cigarettes.  
I picked up Stoyan and carried him to the first huddle of people. 
“He needs medical attention, get him to the hospital,” I told them. 
The people looked back at me as if I was a sleepwalker. 
“He’s injured,” I explained. “There will be many injured tonight.”
“What happened?” one of the men asked. “What was that?”
“The mine.”
He gaped and the cigarette fell from the corner of his mouth. He checked his watch, then looked up at the mountain where bursts of flames still flashed here and there. 
“There was no one there,” I reassured him. “I was the last one to leave.”
The man crossed himself and spat. Then he reached out his hands and took Stoyan’s slack body from me. Another of the grateful, honorable and happy residents of this town joined him. Then another one. 
They carried the young man to the backseat of a beat-up Opel with a cracked windshield. I followed behind and gestured for them to give us some space. I leaned over the battered face of my good Samaritan and whispered: 
“You know the book for guest reviews in the information center?”
“Yes,” the young man said barely audibly. “I know it.”
“I left something underneath.”
“What?”
“Something that will help you write the story.”
“What about you?”
“Get well soon, Stoyan!”
I squeezed his hand and backed out of the car. Two of the men got in and drove toward the town center. I had no choice but to head the same way. 
The night streets were full of crowds of worried faces. The elderly ladies had somehow kept their cool long enough to put on headscarves and make themselves presentable before rushing outside with their walking sticks. Some parents held infants, while the older kids ran around, taking advantage of the unexpected opportunity for night fun. They had even come up with a new game, which apparently required collecting the shrapnel.   
The town felt noisy and alive. It hit me, just then, how many people actually lived in Rogue. Oh, the irony – Ivan Zahariev was gone and the people of this town had finally come out of hiding. The streets were packed.  
Two police cars, an ambulance and a fire truck were slowly making their way through the throngs of people. I doubted the drivers knew where they were headed. The fire in Beech Mine was going to smolder for weeks. No mortal would brave past the town sign before the bomb squad, experts and investigators had done their job first. 
I was suddenly struck by the revelation that the town would survive even without Ivan Zahariev. Somehow, it would get back on its feet – it would be a difficult and painful process, but Rogue would start a new life. The alternative was to become deserted. It was all in the hands of the locals, not people like Ivan Zahariev. It was possible that the residents of Rogue, invigorated by their brush with disaster, would start a new era. It was also possible that they would turn to another tyrant because that was what they were used to. It was all up to them. 

43. 
The road to the railway station was empty. No cars, no cops, no thugs. I walked alone in the dark, my footsteps echoing in the quiet. Tap, tap, tap… 
I was finally leaving Rogue. I was free to get on any train or hitchhike with some truck driver if I felt like going to the main road. 
No.
I’d done all the running, trotting and walking that I could take in the past few days. The train was a much more appealing option. 
Despite everything that had gone wrong, I was going to keep some fond memories of this place. A number of questions would swirl in my mind for a while, then melt away like early April snow. Eventually. Things were still very fresh, though, and those questions were gnawing at me as I walked toward the railway station, sinking their icy claws into my raw nerve endings. 
Why had Lora turned on me at the last possible moment? 
Why had she been so determined to save Ivan Zahariev? 
Hadn’t she seen enough of him and his people? 
Why had Ivan Zahariev decided to finish me off personally? Why hadn’t he left the job to his henchmen? Why did he treat Lora differently than everyone else? 
Had Lora known what had been going on in the mine? Why hadn’t she told me? Had she been involved in the scheme somehow? 
Had she even felt anything for me? 
Why had she refused to leave Rogue? 
Had she at least managed to leave the mine in time? 
I had no way of knowing, but I truly hoped she’d saved herself. And I wasn’t only thinking of tonight’s volcano eruption. I would like to think that she’d found forgiveness and salve for all the dark secrets she harbored in her gentle soul. She was genuinely nice and kind-hearted. No matter how conflicted, she was still a wonderful girl. 
Was I going to miss her?  
Perhaps. 
I walked into the station’s waiting room and rapped on the front of the ticketing counter. No one came for a long time and I finally noticed that the woman serving it was standing on the platform outside, staring in the direction of the town and the hill where the mine complex used to be. I went out and stopped next to her as if interested in observing the fading glow from the fire. It was a ridiculous thing to say given the circumstances, but I still went ahead and said it: 
“Good evening!”
Worried and upset as she was, the woman still looked nice. Confused but amiable. 
“Yes,” she said without sparing me a glance. “Good evening indeed.”
“When’s the next train?” 
“Twenty past two in the morning.” Her voice trembled. “If it stops here at all.”
“Where’s it going?” 
“Rousse.”
Her local twang butchered the name, turning the final sound from “eh” into “ih”. 
All railway station employees are consummate professionals despite their terrible working conditions and lousy pay. Professionalism won the day in this case too. The woman went back inside and took her place behind the Plexiglas. She opened the wooden sliding hatch at the bottom of the partition.  
I fished out all the money I had in my jeans pockets and put it in the small plate before me – a five and two coins that added up to a buck. 
“How far can this money get me?” 
The woman consulted her database and sighed as if she, too, lacked money to go where she wanted to. 
“Byala.”
“Good enough.”
“Would you like a ticket?”
I nodded and studied the plate. It had the VIP Mining branding. I thought about keeping it as a souvenir, but then I remembered it would be best if I erased every memory of Ivan Zahariev as soon as possible. 
The woman gave me a ticket and small change. I took the ticket, thanked her and went outside to wait for the train that was going to take me far away from this place. 
My mind went back to Lora almost compulsively.  
She had awakened me.  
She’d told me I was different and I truly was now. Not because I was in love, smitten or blind with passion or something. No, she’d reignited my zest for life. She’d pulled me out of my lethargy and made life interesting again, no matter how many troubles my stay in Rogue had cost me. The thrill, the excitement and the passion with which I’d followed her around were proof enough. I’d finally found a partner, someone worth risking everything for. What was the line that that Tarik character in the Turkish drama had used? She makes me feel like a real man. Well said.  
I wanted to believe that I’d had a similar effect on her, but I would never know for sure. I’d dared to offer her a future alongside me. She’d chosen the tyrant over freedom and the reason would remain a mystery to me. 
Rogue. 
I wondered where that short but compelling name had come from. Had this strange, original town always been named like that or had it been renamed at some point? Was it a place of tumultuous history, frequent rainstorms perhaps? Or had the first settlers been stricken by the weeds growing unchecked in the valley? That question would remain unanswered as well. Maybe the locals saw me as a thorn that tried to sneak into the tranquil pastoral landscape of their peaceful mining town. I had no idea. Plus, I was in no mood for metaphors. 
The sound of dirt scrunched beneath hard-soled shoes came from the waiting room. The glass door opened and the same railway worker who had hassled me early in my Rogue adventure appeared in the doorframe. He showed no sign that he’d recognized me, just waved a hand inviting me inside. 
“You might want to come inside. It looks like rain.”
Yeah, right. 
But this time it truly started raining. 
A raindrop landed on my nose. Then another one on my hand. The third fell on my left cheekbone. I experienced an inexplicable wave of relief. These droplets of water were cool and delicate and they felt like a cares after all those days of fear, anxiety and self-pity. It was as if nature itself couldn’t hold back tears at the miserable sight I presented. I turned my face to the sky and left myself to the gentle touch of the raindrops.   
It wasn’t one of those showers that are over before you know it and flood everything. It was a steady, light rain that was bound to persist until noon tomorrow. One of those precipitations that start shy and timid, then fall quietly, continuously for a long time, washing away everything from dirt to memories and guilt.  
The droplets were still so fine that I couldn’t see them even in the light coming from the lamp above me. They started glittering like stardust when the bright lights of the incoming train appeared with a thunderous rumble from south.
44. 
The first compartment was empty so I walked in and closed the door behind me. I took a grimy seat by the window and stretched my feet along the rubber-covered floor. The sharp sound of a whistle drew my gaze to the platform. The railway worker brandished his silly token – as if waving goodbye to me – and the train lurched forward. The car started rocking and squeaking and soon the station lights disappeared into the darkness. Only the thin splatters of raindrops remained visible on the window.  
I reached in my jacket pockets and felt for my entire fortune – a safety deposit box key, an address book, a lighter, a toothbrush, a pack with two pieces of gum left in it and an ID card. 
I still had the clothes on my back, I was warm and I literally had a roof over my head. It wasn’t half bad for early April. Well, some body parts hurt, but my heart was at peace and my mind was clear.  
I checked my shoes. They were fast approaching their sad end. I had to get to civilization ASAP, earn a day or two worth of wages and get some money for new shoes. Also, I was in dire need of a shower and a change of underwear and socks. That would require money too. The coming days promised to be depressing unless a dandy British lawyer got on the next station to tell me that my wealthy granduncle from America – whom I’d never heard of – had died and left me a fortune. 
Yeah, right. 
I unpacked the two pieces of gum and popped them into my mouth. I crushed the empty packaging, threw it in the small trash can underneath the table by the window and lay along the entire row of seats. I stretched my limbs and my spine. A myriad of tiny muscles and nerve endings came to life all over my body. I felt something poking my right ankle and thought an awn or a thorn had gotten into my sock. I felt for the offender with one finger and suddenly remembered what it was. 
Five bills of a hundred. 
Ha! 
The advance Ivan Zahariev had paid me. 
Shiny, green and still smooth bills. 
This man just wouldn’t leave my life, even after he was gone forever. 
I didn’t know if I wanted to keep the money. It felt dirty, knowing how I earned it. I had this haunting vision of the bills carrying a tiny piece of every one of those four dead men in the Rogue morgue. And of all the other unknown victims of that bastard’s greed and obscurantist tendencies. Not that I was a superstitious guy, but I really wasn’t sure if I wanted the money. I decided to leave that decision for the morning, when the mind was sharper. 
I put the bills in my inside jacket pocket, where I found something else. It was the travel leaflet Lora had given me the day we met. I opened and browsed it. There were photos of the information center, the museum exhibition, the dam lake, the chapel at the end of the trekking route… There was even a shot of the entrance to the mine. Three days of my life chronicled on one page. But I had already turned that page. 
I crumpled the leaflet and stuffed it in the trash can. 
Several breaths later I realized I’d spotted something strange in one corner of the glossy paper. I took the leaflet again and smoothed it out over the table. Right at the bottom, under the photos and the text, the curator of the information center was credited – title, name, address, phone number and hours available to the public. But what really caught my attention was the name. 
Lora Zaharieva.  
For the first time in a long time I smiled genuinely. I put the leaflet back in the trash can and laughed from the bottom of my heart. The wheels of the train worked their monotone rhythm on the cold tracks and my laughter mingled with the railway symphony. The raindrop splatters on the windowpane thickened and multiplied. My laugh subsided to a quiet smile. I laid back, closed my eyes and listened to the train’s lullaby.
Acknowledgments

Thank you to Elena Lazarkova, Radostina Aleksieva, Nikola Miloshev, Evgeniy Dimov and Milen Simeonov for their wholehearted support and constant peeking over my shoulder to tirelessly and patiently correct every grammatical, spelling and factual error. Their insight into technical terms, professional jargon and literary devices has been invaluable to me. I take full responsibility for any inaccuracies that might have snuck in the book. 
Thank you to all of you for reading and keeping the fire burning.
Special thanks to the remarkable people who inspired me to tell this story: Lora Naydenova, Stoyan Seymenski and Ivan Zahariev, PhD.
This novel is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and events are either products of the author’s imagination or used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events or persons is purely coincidental.
