KISS OFF!
Ivaylo Gogov
Copyright 2021 Ивайло Гогов
Smashwords Edition

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Contents
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Chapter 32
Chapter 33
Chapter 34
Chapter 35
Chapter 36
Chapter 37
Chapter 38
Chapter 39
Chapter 40
Chapter 41
Chapter 42
Chapter 43
Chapter 44
Chapter 45
Chapter 46
Acknowledgments 

1.
I’m forty years old and my life is already plenty screwed-up. And by “screwed-up” I don’t mean two days late on a mortgage payment. Ha! What I wouldn’t give to be one of those regular people with a stable nine-to-five job, a career, a family and a home… Even an overdue mortgage payment. 
But that is not how my life turned out. Call it bad luck, fate, misfortune… To me, it’s been about survival. People have their strong suits and shortcomings, their valuable qualities and annoying habits—a mixture of causes to feel pride or shame. I am no different. At least in this one regard, I blend in with the crowd. I’m sure I have plenty of rough edges. But I also have a certain unique ability—to survive. No matter what happens, I always manage to survive. At least, I have so far. 
But my real talent, with a capital T, is to mess things up. To spoil, ruin, destroy and botch. With enviable consistency and tenacity, no less. Each debacle is worse than the one before. And it happens so easy! Six months ago, I was on the brink of disaster. I acted like an idiot and was this close to meeting the Grim Reaper. I narrowly escaped with my life. I’m still recovering from the experience, at least physically. 
I remember staring into a dull, flaking mirror, choking on the ball of self-pity stuck in my throat. I was trying to figure out what I had done wrong and the answer was hard to swallow. It was then and there that I decided I needed to change. If I wanted to remain among the living for at least a couple of years more, if I wanted to be at peace with myself, I had to change. I had to stick to a handful of basic principles: mind your own business, don’t get curious, keep your nose out of other people’s affairs, don’t go looking for trouble, don’t talk to strangers.
2.
That was exactly what I was trying to do for the past two days. I had been minding my own business and keeping my nose out of other people’s affairs, I had been careful not to get curious, look for trouble or talk to strangers.
And then I saw her. She was standing on her tiptoes and peering intently at a rusty sign showing bus times. The hood of her windbreaker was constantly slipping down over her eyes as gusts of biting wind kept making her turn her face away from the cold. The outline of her mysterious profile stood out against the light from the streetlamps, the harsh headlights of cars passing by flashed anxiously in her fearful eyes. The unfortunate pair of sneakers on her slim feet was quickly taking in water from the puddle she was standing in. Her jeans were torn in a couple of places and the tears didn’t appear to be a fashion statement. Dark slashes were visible on her bared white skin. If I had any money, I would have bet 10-to-1 odds that these were marks of freshly dried blood. The cigarette pressed between the fingers of her left hand had long burned out. Her right hand was twitching in the rhythm of the tremors wracking her fragile body. 
“Are you OK, miss?”
Her head snapped in the direction of my voice and her pale eyes speared me in the dim light of the streetlamps. There was a world of despair and worry in her eyes. She opened her mouth to say something, but then her knees gave out and her head swayed to one side. I reached out and caught her a moment before she could crumple into a heap on the muddy road. Even lax, her body was light and nimble. I helped her sit on the bench underneath the sheet-metal bus shelter and propped her delicate back on the cold plastic back of the bench. It wasn’t my first time having to bring someone around. And yet, for some reason, I just stood there uncomfortably and couldn’t think of what to do. I just watched her helplessly and prayed that she came to on her own. I know nothing of medicine, but I had seen enough sick, wounded and dead people to recognize that this strange girl was getting worse by the second. 
I shook her delicate shoulders and went to slap her cheeks but then thought better of it. She had such exquisitely beautiful features that even the raindrops on her face seemed offending.  
Maybe I was supposed to take her to a hospital.  
It was half past ten in the evening and I was at a bust stop in the outskirts of a strange town without baggage or money. I was beginning to feel cold. The strong wind lashed at my face, raising chills all over my body. My wool coat was too flimsy to shield or warm me. At least the rain was letting up. It wasn’t half bad for early December.    
Actually, the town seemed familiar to me. Not because I had been there before. Such places rarely make you want to visit a second time. No, it seemed familiar because I had passed through towns like this one. The thought gave me courage. I knew there would be a hospital. I also knew where I would find it. By the town square, next to the police station, the fire department, the town hall, the post office, the one local hotel and the school. There might or might not be traffic lights. 
I had been standing at the bus stop for about ten minutes when the girl showed up. In that time, no buses had passed in either direction. Just a couple of cars. I had no reason to expect busier traffic any time soon. 
I turned up the collar of my old coat, took the girl in my arms and started walking. The pavement was slippery underneath my feet. I tried to avoid puddles. At least in the beginning. 
If you have ever had to carry someone in your arms, you probably know the deal. Your load starts to feel heavy after twenty steps, then the pain sets in fifty steps into it. After a hundred steps, you are ready to get rid of your load. By my calculations, I had two kilometers  to the town center. I had never been one to cower in the face of difficulties, though. What was good enough to scare me, however, were the headlights of a stopped car beaming into my eyes. 
The vehicle was blocking the road. I was going to have to skirt it. Every now and then I like to use big, fancy words. For example, confrontation. It sounds more academic, more formal. But it also fails to convey important details—one’s racing pulse, tense muscles, straining tendons, clenched teeth, narrowed eyes and skin pulled tight over one’s cheekbones. Or the first verbal salvo before the inevitable happens. 
“Kiss off!” a male voice came from the open car window.
I didn’t really bother to have a look. I just vaguely registered the silhouette of a man with a cigarette in one corner of his mouth. It was a rough voice. Heavy on irony and self-confidence. Nasty. A voice that told me you’re in trouble.
My inner voice told me run.
A third voice, that of the idiot in me, whispered relax, everything will be fine. 
The car door opened and the man with the cigarette got out. He was taller than me and showed clear signs of steroid abuse. He had the look of a bad guy. Not that I could see him all that well. The headlights were still blinding me. But not enough for me to miss the gun in his hand. 
“Where to, Romeo?”
Sometimes I wish I had made better use of my youth. By training martial arts, for example. At least, long enough to learn self-defense. But no, I was so far from martial arts, I couldn’t say their names properly! 
This is why I have a tried-and-tested strategy for unexpected run-ins with large, armed men. Pretend not to notice them. Lest there be some confusion, by “tried-and-tested” I don’t mean successful.
The man raised his gun. His hand started to shake a little. 
“Get her in the car.”
I supposed he meant the girl. 
Honestly, I wanted to. I wanted to leave her. Let someone else take care of her. I had enough problems as it was. Unfortunately, the guy in front of me didn’t seem the caring type.  
I tried to go around the car and walk down the wet road to the town center. 
This time, the outstretched hand holding the gun was more assertive. In the sense that it smacked me across the face. I staggered to one side before I could regain my balance. That gave the bulky fellow an opening—one huge mitten grabbed me by the neck and stuffed me in the car. I felt the sting of sharp pain at the back of my head—the scumbag had given me a good blow. Before collapsing onto the backseat, I managed to muster enough strength for the only sensible move I had left. No, I didn’t smash the pest’s face. I laid the girl down on her back. The last thing I saw was her jumbled wet locks. A moment later, darkness and quiet engulfed me.
3.
I woke up freezing. It was still dark and quiet, but I no longer felt the soft upholstery under my cheek. I was lying on a concrete floor. A terribly cold concrete floor. My body was shaking uncontrollably, which was probably what had woken me up. I dislike trembling, even in my sleep. 
There was no sign of the girl. Or the guy with the gun. Still, my intuition told me I wasn’t in the clear, not even close. If you have ever woken up on a cold concrete floor after encountering an armed beefy fellow, you know what I’m talking about. I saw nothing good in my near future. 
It was time for me to split. 
It wasn’t until I tried to stand up that I realized my arms and legs were tied. Pretty securely, at that. I was wrapped up in rope like an Egyptian mummy—from my feet to my knees and from my wrists to my elbows. My hands were tied at my back. 
I was no saint. I had found myself in nasty situations more than once—those usually involve nasty people. This wasn’t my first time lying tied up in the dark. Being naked was a first, though. Alright then. The tiny sliver of optimism I had left started to dissipate. I was in deeper trouble than I had realized. There was one piece of good news in all of this—at least I wasn’t dead.    
Plus, it wasn’t completely dark. A thin strip of light filtered through what I imagined was the crack beneath the door I had been carried through. I heard voices. They were coming from a distance, muffled and distorted from bouncing off of naked walls. There were two voices—one calm and quiet, the other gruff, loud and angry. 
“Did you see her shoulders? That idiot!”
“All that matters is we found her in time. Imagine what she would look like if…”
“I’ll skin him alive! I’ll cut him to pieces!”
“Easy.” 
“Easy?! I’ll gouge his eyes out, the fucker!”
“First things first. We need to question him.”
“Let me…”
“No. I’ll talk to him. Go wake him up and bring him here.”
It finally dawned on me that they might be talking about me. 
My personal experience had thought me that being in the presence of two angry men when your arms and legs are tied can hardly be called an advantageous position. I had no time to dwell on my situation, though. The door opened, letting in the glare of bright light. I squinted and turned away. 
The burly silhouette of my kidnapper filled the doorframe. I couldn’t be completely sure, of course, because all I could see through the narrow slits between my eyelids were his shoes. 
He came over, leaned down and grabbed my ropes. He proceeded to drag me to the room next door. He dumped me on a rickety wooden chair, roughly flinging my arms over its back. He went to stand two steps in front of me and fixed me with a stare. 
Past episodes in my life had already made me appreciate the true meaning of the phrase bad company.
At least this room was warmer.
When my eyes finally adjusted to the light, I quickly came to the conclusion that entering this town might have been a mistake. Yes. I would have been much better off sticking to the main road once I had gotten out of that truck. By now, some other driver would have taken pity on me and driven me some hundred kilometers south. Perhaps next time I would do exactly that. And find better luck.
I didn’t really believe that, though.
It was the same man. He was holding a gun again. This guy had some psychological issue, pointing a gun at my head from the moment we had met. The other guy worried me more, though. He was sitting on a similar rickety wooden chair and wasn’t even sparing me a glance. He was looking intently at the table before him, focused on his work. He resembled a servant polishing his masters’ silverware. The trouble was… those were no forks and spoons. The set was mostly made up of scalpels, awls, pliers and syringes. A shiver ran down my spine. 
“What’s your name?” the servant asked without looking at me. Despite his broad back, he was small and wiry. His hair was shot through with strands of silver, the skin on his neck was wrinkly. He had to be fast approaching retirement age. 
“I asked you a question.” 
Life had taught me not to be quick to answer. Not until I knew the type of people I was dealing with. 
“Well?” His voice was truly calm and quiet. “Cat got your tongue?” 
I remained silent, trying to figure out what I had done to draw the attention of those two. Why had the beefy fellow stopped me on the street and brought me here? I had nothing special or valuable, aside from the good genes I had gotten from my mother. 
The girl. 
The girl had to be valuable to them for some reason. 
I scanned the room. There were two chairs, a table, two doors and two metal lampshades hanging from the ceiling on thick cables. The walls were bare, causing even the servant’s monotonous voice to ring. There were no curtains, which struck me as logical since there were no windows either. The place looked like a barn, sounded like a barn, smelled like a barn. So, I was in a barn. 
The girl was nowhere to be seen.  
“She needs a doctor,” I said at last. “Take her to a hospital.”
The man with the rangy set of instruments finally turned to me. His eyes betrayed no emotion—no surprise, no anger, not even curiosity. He was studying me with utter indifference. Just as a butcher would examine the corpse of a slaughtered calf before he starts dismembering it. He was an even-tempered, methodical type. A professional. 
The beefy fellow was an altogether different story. 
“What did you do to her, you idiot?”
His fist smashed into my face and my head snapped back. Blood started gushing out of my mouth. I traced my tongue over my teeth to check if they were all still there. The blood was coming from my split lower lip.
The servant stood up, came over and pushed his friend to the side. He leaned over me and stared into my eyes.  
“What is your problem, man?” the bulky fellow spat out behind my back. “You can’t get it up, is that it?”
His partner’s raised hand shut him up. The ensuing silence was punctuated by the heavy breathing of the burly fellow and the creaking of the chair beneath me. Both sounded like they were about to fall apart.    
The servant shook his head, then narrowed his eyes at me. 
“What brings you to this town?”
My patience has its limits. And spilling my bleed is a surefire way to make me lose my cool. Plus, I didn’t like those guys. It was nothing personal. I rarely take a liking to people who kidnap, tie and beat me. And so, the words just burst from me: 
“I stopped by your mother’s place.”
The beefy fellow roared and lunged at me with murder in his eyes. But the wiry guy stopped him. He leaned closer to me and attempted a smile. To be honest, his smiling face looked even nastier. Sinister somehow. Or maybe it was his whispering that made it seem that way.
“Perhaps it’s time for you to realize just what a pretty mess you’re in.” 
The man went back to the table. If my personal experience was any indication, we were about to have some fun time playing with blades. I wondered how much pain I could take before passing out. I had read somewhere that men are not as tough in their forties as they are in their twenties. Would have been nice to know what those two wanted from me… 
I had had a scalpel dangerously digging into my soft tissues before. A couple of the more fidgety fellows wielding those blades left scars too. I doubted these guys could surprise me.  
The wiry servant proved me wrong. He returned to me emptyhanded. Not counting the color photo in his hand, that is. It was a picture of a beautiful young woman who looked familiar to me. Ah, yes. She reminded me of the girl at the bus stop. 
“This is Elena,” the man provided, shoving the photo in my face. “Elena Arnaudova.”
The name was obviously supposed to ring a bell for me. But it didn’t. Her eyes captured my attention. Hers were crystal-clear blue eyes, piercing, cold and lonely. The eyes of a desperate woman who had grown up and managed to survive in an arrogant and brutal men’s world. Or maybe my imagination was running wild. 
“For your information, Elena is the only daughter of Mr. Kiril Arnaudov.”
That name didn’t ring a bell either. Apparently, I wasn’t up to speed with the latest news. Hardly a surprise. I didn’t watch TV and the last time I bought a newspaper was back in the spring. Even then, I needed it for something other than reading the news.  
The man placed the photo back on the table and gave the beefy fellow a nod. That was all the encouragement he needed. The first blow knocked the breath out of my lungs, the second felt intended to knock the kidneys out of my body. If he kept that up, I wasn’t going to make it through the night. Somehow, he managed to get a grip on his temper and step back. Blood was trickling down my chin and I could barely hold my head up. My left eye was already swelling up, my nose throbbed painfully. If nothing else, now I knew those two had no intention of killing me. Yet. Otherwise, they would have done it a long time ago.
“When Mr. Arnaudov’s only daughter goes missing, I, personally, get worried. Especially if it happens to be on my watch.”
Why the hell had I decided the wiry guy looked like a servant? A hawk. He resembled a hawk—a predatory, cunning and deft creature.  
“The longer I search for Mr. Arnaudov’s missing daughter, the edgier I grow.”
If circumstances were any different, I would have advised him to have some mint, hawthorn and valerian tea. It had worked wonders for me before, calming my nerves. But this guy didn’t seem open to taking advice from a stranger.
“When I finally find her and she’s half-dead, that makes me see red.” 
Maybe Xanax was what he needed. His pal too. 
So that was the deal. 
Those two big fellas were the girl’s personal security detail. She was probably kept in a gilded cage. Probably for good reason. She had somehow managed to escape and throw herself into scandalous pleasures. They had to have looked for her everywhere—to take her back home before Mr. Arnaudov found out his naughty girl was gone. They had found her, true. But if memory served, she wasn’t all that well. Add to that the things I had overheard while lying on the concrete floor and I could only imagine what awaited those two when daddy finally learned. I was beginning to understand why they were so mad. I also got that daddy’s girl had secret friends. Friends she could go to or who would help her get out of her gilded cage. Some spoiled rich brats or the scum of the local community, it didn’t really matter. What mattered was they were idiots. People who didn’t think twice about leaving Kiril Arnaudov’s daughter high and helpless in the town outskirts on a rainy night in early December. 
It was increasingly looking like I was about to pay for their stupidity.
No, boys. I’m not your guy and I have to tell you this before you pummel me for no reason.
“You have me confused with someone else.”
As it turned out, my split lip and swollen nose had me speaking with a lisp. 
Hawk looked to the ceiling as if the answers to all of his questions were written there. Or perhaps the questions to all of his answers.     
“Let me tell you what happened. You met her in one of those small restaurants at the parking lot by the main road. You had a couple of drinks, flirted some. Then you thought yourself a stud, scoring a date with such a cool chick. So, you cough up a twenty for a motel room. You spike Elena’s drink and drag her to the room. You try to rape her, but she fights you so you are forced to smack her around a bit. You must’ve put something in your own drink because you obviously overdid the slapping part. After you beat her up, you get scared. You could run away and leave her there. But you remember that too many people had seen you together at the bar. So, you decide to get her out of the motel. To carry her to a spot away from the scene of the crime and dump her there. It would be days before someone finds her. By then, the local drunks would’ve long forgotten about you. You waited until it got dark and… Clever. But there were things you could not see coming—me and Iron.”
Truth be told, I was listening with rapt attention in the beginning. But Hawk lost me at the twenty. At least I got the name of the burly fellow. It sounded more like a nickname, actually. 
“You’ve seen too many movies,” I noted as I spat a blob of spittle and blood, and shook my head. “Low-budget ones, the lot of them.”
Iron was barely keeping himself from halving me with his meaty fists. Apparently, the wiry guy was something of a boss to him. He wasn’t going to touch me again without his superior’s permission. That realization infused me with some semblance of courage. 
“I’m not your guy. I’m not the one you’re looking for.”   
Hawk smiled and picked up one of the scalpels. 
“What makes you think we’re looking for someone?” 
My left eye had swollen shut, so I could only see out of my right one. It made everything around me seem two-dimensional.  
“The young lady managed to get away from you. She laid low for a while. Someone helped her. An accomplice. This isn’t the first time she has done this either, so it must be someone local. Someone who is not easily cowered by your master, Arnaudov. Forgive me, your mister Arnaudov.”
The scalpel was mere centimeters  away from my left knee. Hawk was getting impatient. 
“You seem smart. That’s why I wanted to talk to you,” he said.
“Because you miss talking to smart people?”
“So you can tell me who he is.”
“Who?”
The blade dug into the side of my thigh. Sharp pain shot through my body as if I had been electrocuted. Not that I would know from experience, but that is how I had always imagined it would feel to get electrocuted—sharp, blinding pain wracking my body.
Hawk was definitely a twisted fellow. He left the scalpel sticking out of my thigh and grabbed another one from the table. 
“Who is he? Give me a name? What’s his name?”
I was familiar with torture protocol. I had been on both sides of the proceeding. The process of extracting information is like a dance. A dance for two. It’s pretty simple—if the two partners do the steps and don’t tread on each other’s feet, both will still be standing at the end of the song.
The interrogator is supposed to ask a question, then act menacingly for a bit while waiting for an answer. Unfortunately, my dance partner for the evening was in a hurry. He was running out of either time or hope. Within a minute, he had managed to stick four scalpels in my left leg. He kept asking who. I was nauseous with pain, but I wasn’t about to break. Not even close.  
The moment that thought crossed my mind, my back went soft and my shoulders slumped. The suspended lamps whirled before my eyes and went off. I couldn’t hear anything. My arms and legs suddenly felt lighter, although it could have been my imagination playing tricks on me as I slid off the chair.
4. 
I woke up freezing again. The trembling was more pronounced this time. I had practically gone into convulsions. If I had to guess, my two new friends had followed protocol and splashed a bucket of cold water over me in an attempt to bring me around. Here’s a tip in case you need to do it one day—you empty the bucket in one sudden move, equally dividing its content between the head and the chest area. The order is not important.
On the other hand, what little I had seen from Hawk and Iron told me they were not used to following rules. I opened my right eye, slowly. I was on the floor by the rickety chair. My arms and legs were still bound. I moved a little and my left leg gave me a painful reminder of its state. I twisted around to inspect my wounds. I counted four thin, sticky lines of dried blood on my thigh. It had coagulated, which meant I had been out for at least twenty minutes. 
The surgical instruments were gone. As was the box with the rest of Hawk’s medical equipment. The two men were not around either. They had probably turned their attention to more pressing matters than sticking sharp blades in my flesh. If our brief interaction was any indication, I doubted they were off to confession at the nearest church.
There were no hard feelings on my part. I was almost sympathetic. They were just doing their job. If our roles were reversed, I would have probably done the same thing, perhaps been even more aggressive.   
That was what puzzled me. I might be nitpicking here, but I thought they hadn’t tried all that hard, there was no real passion behind the effort. I reckoned they knew nothing they did would get them off the hook for the girl’s escape. Something wasn’t right with the way the wiry guy had been trying to get information out of me. He had seemed lethargic, almost dejected. 
That had to be it. 
Daddy was going to get their asses.
Whatever information they could have tortured out of me—obviously, they hadn’t expected much—it wouldn’t have spared them the wrath of Mr. Arnaudov. Unlike them, he likely felt really strongly about his daughter’s disappearance. 
My trembling was subsiding. Curiously enough, I hadn’t been doused with cold water. I was dry. Still naked, though. I was sick and tired of lying on cold concrete floors. It would be just like me to catch pneumonia after escaping a murderous duo. I stood up on my good right leg and sat back down on the rickety chair. I took a deep breath and smiled to myself. 
So far so good.  
Excluding my wounds, which were going to heal in a week, everything was fine. Well, that wasn’t exactly true, but at least I had a roof over my head. Sometimes, that counts for a lot. 
Getting into trouble was nothing new for me. Remember, that’s my talent with a capital T. I had found myself smiling and feeling grateful to have a roof over my head before.
My chin touched my chest as I looked down and I finally noticed that something was wrong. 
My medallion was missing. 
Don’t get me wrong, wearing jewelry isn’t my style. This “medallion” was nothing more than a brass shape of a wolf’s head on a frayed leather cord. Granted, it had resembled a wolf’s head way more in the beginning, but almost twenty-five years of constant wearing had taken its toll. I had changed in that time, too. I had never taken it off, though it had been taken away from me before. I had always managed to get it back. I knew in my gut that this time would be no different. The wolf’s head was the only thing I had left from my mother.          
Few things can make me fly off the handle. People cutting in line in front of me, shortchanging me, selling me a faulty piece of goods, lying to me, calling me names, insulting me, cursing me, hitting me… None of these things are a big deal! I just get even whenever I can. It never feels personal. Taking my medallion was an altogether different deal, though. Those two were about to realize their mistake. Bastards!
I wriggled and felt the tight ropes, a reminder that I was still a captive. I tried to be positive—at least they hadn’t dumped me on a street somewhere or on some landfill. 
I had a roof over my head. 
My thoughts went back to the girl who was the reason why I was under the roof in question. Elena. I hoped she was OK. I wasn’t necessarily worried about her wounds getting treated. 
Wounds heal on their own. You can trust me on that! 
Our eyes had met for just a moment at that bus stop in the rain. She hadn’t even made a sound, but the look in her eyes had told me enough. The message had been loud and clear: help!  
What was she running away from? Domestic violence? Overbearing parents? Difficult childhood? The horrific barrage of TV soap operas? What had made her wander around alone in the cold rain? 
Maybe there was a perfectly innocent explanation. She gets bored sitting at home and goes out to walk her dog, as usual. It’s one of those tiny breeds, of course. The animal takes her far away from home and they both get lost in the town outskirts. They run into a vicious guard dog. A chase ensues. Elena breaks into a run, hugging her Poodle or Pekingese, or whatever breed the little beast is, desperately trying to save it from the ferocious dog chasing them. In her desperate flight, she trips and rolls into a thorny hedgerow. Her pet hits the ground and flees in panic. Elena looks for it for a long time before finally giving up. She doesn’t dare go back home and explain to mommy and daddy why Jackie or Judy, or whatever the poor creature is called, wasn’t with her. 
On the heels of that rather optimistic theory came the grim thought that Elena had had the look of someone who had just botched a suicide attempt. I quickly chased it away. The girl had been drugged, beaten and tortured, for God’s sake! Perhaps more. 
Distress had come off of her in waves. At the sight of her, unsuspected and impotent rage against the person responsible had burst in my chest. And I didn’t even know her. I could only imagine what Mr. Arnaudov was going to feel when he saw his daughter in that state. I wouldn’t want to be anywhere near him. 
The sound of clanging sheet metal came from behind me and I reflexively turned in that direction. That maneuver brought on another stab of pain in my left thigh, almost knocking me off the chair. I could only see out of my right eye. The fact that the far end of the barn was dark didn’t help the situation either. There had to be a door in that wall because pretty soon several people stepped into the room. The last one slammed the door shut with another piercing clang of sheet metal. 
A small man in a suit was walking toward me. He was over the age of fifty. The crown of his head glistened in the light from the suspended lamps. He had the look of someone who had started losing his hair back in high school. Also, of someone who had failed to finish high school. Gym classes would have definitely been his favorite. He was a gruff-looking athletic type with a wide jaw and tiny eyes. His skin tone was pretty dark. Come to think of it, his entire face was swarthy. Even the whites of his eyes had a similar hue. He had a nervous gait. Two beefy guys were walking right behind him. 
Swarthy tone skin tends to soften harsh facial features. Also, bald men are usually charming. Kiril Arnaudov seemed to be among the exceptions to both rules. 
“I’m Kiril Arnaudov.” 
He stopped two paces away from me and extended a hand in greeting. 
I thought he might think me rude if I didn’t return the gesture. The problem was my hands were still securely tied at my back. I wasn’t about to apologize for my poor manners; after all, this was the handiwork of his hounds. 
“Nice to meet you,” I said, nodding in response. “Where’s Hawk?”
Mr. Arnaudov looked around uncertainly and blinked in confusion. 
“What?”
I was still slurring my words. I gave enunciating another try.
“The guy I chatted with earlier. The wiry type with the broad back.”
“Oh, you mean Barber? He took a couple of days off.”
Taking days off in early December. Cool. My guess was Iron had followed a similar impulse. There was no point in asking, though. They were probably halfway to the ski resort of Borovets. Kick-starting the winter tourist season sounded like a nice break from interrogations and beatings. 
So, Daddy was aware that his precious daughter had gone for a jaunt without permission. He also knew in whose arms she had been found. 
“Please forgive any inconvenience we might have caused you,” the swarthy bald guy said, yawning and stretching. “That is not how we normally greet unexpected guests.” 
No, they probably dumped them in the river. Or cased them in concrete, just to be on the safe side. Perhaps I should count myself lucky, getting away with nothing more than a puffy face and a couple of holes in my leg. 
“I’d like to get this over with,” Kiril Arnaudov said, motioning to one of the beefy fellas. “I suppose you are eager to get out of here.”
A deep scar cut through the big guy’s left eyebrow, lending his young face an austere look. I had seen such scars before. They looked heroic but were usually the result of a drunken brawl. I pictured a seedy bar late at night, a couple of high-strung young bucks and some question like you remember hitting on my sister last summer… Those types of conversations were all fun and games until the bottles started flying. Someone would have been soaked enough to show poor aim, and my guy had been too soaked to dodge the projectile.  
The beefy fellow clicked a switchblade open and came to stand behind my back. He pulled the ropes apart, cut them and carefully uncoiled them. He threw the useless pieces to the side and came back around. Blood rushed back into my tortured arms and legs in warm pulsations. I started rubbing my wrists just like I had seen people do in crime movies. The other young gun placed an open cardboard box on the floor in front of me. It contained my neatly folded cloths. They were a bit wrinkled, but I chose to let that slight go. I didn’t want to start on the wrong foot with Kiril Arnaudov. I felt the impulse to say something nice instead. 
“Is Elena OK?”
5.
“Is Elena OK?” 
My question hung in the cold air. 
“She asked to see you.”
Next thing I knew I was in the back of a car, sitting next to Kiril Arnaudov. The interior was designed entirely in beige leather highlighted by varnished wood veneer. The inside of the car was dotted with cute little LED lights—every spot a passenger might want to touch. The digital clock said half past one in the morning, which seemed wrong to me. Unless I was looking at some sort of futuristic speedometer. My nose filled with the heady smell of sandalwood, but that could well have been the air-freshener swaying rhythmically under the mirror. 
The car was such a smooth ride that I felt a bout of seasickness coming on. I was still seeing the world in 2D, not that there was much to see. We were driving along an empty road, with only the old center line standing out in the glare of the headlights. The dark silhouettes of trees and bushes flashed by on the side of the road. There were no buildings. So, we were going somewhere out of town. Either that or the barn where I had been kept was out in the fields and we were driving back to town.  
“When she came to, she asked for you. I couldn’t say no to her.”
I liked the owner of the vehicle, and probably half the town, less and less with each moment I spent in his company. He was acting way too nicely. Like some newly baptized evangelical.    
“She’s a good girl.”
He was rather hard on the eyes too. Even more so up close. If Disney executives ever laid eyes on him, they would rush to cast him in the latest silver screen production of Beauty and the Beast. And it wouldn’t be in the role of the beauty. 
Elena had definitely gotten a raw deal when it comes to her father. But fate hadn’t completely turned its back on her—at least she hadn’t taken after her father. She probably looked like her mother. 
“Though she sometimes gets into trouble.”
One more thing bothered me about this guy. Something he had said niggled at my mind, though I couldn’t put my finger on it yet. I wasn’t listening to him all that carefully. I didn’t buy his story either. 
The headlights picked out a rusty sheet-metal fencing. We drove past it and continued our ride in silence. Finally, we reached a residential area, with streetlamps and all. The streets were empty, the apartment buildings—dark. The scarred big guy was driving so fast that I couldn’t catch anything else. We crossed the town in no more than three minutes. Either we were moving at a breakneck speed or the town was just that small.  
“She claims you saved her.” 
Had she also shared what she had needed saving from? Because I very much wanted to know. Acting the savior had never been my thing. With Elena, I had just been trying to help an unconscious girl get professional medical assistance. 
“Be that as it may, I suggest you stay away from my daughter. I’d like to thank you all the same,” Kiril Arnaudov said, tapping on the seat in front of him. “Clean yourself up. I don’t want you to scare her.”
The beefy fellow sitting in the front passenger seat turned around and handed me a pack of wet wipes. I pulled one out and started wiping dried blood off my face. I checked myself in the rearview mirror. I could surely land a Star Trek role with that look. I could even get a few lines in Klingon. Something short and banal like “How are you?”
“How is she?” I asked.
“You’ll see for yourself soon enough.”
It suddenly hit me—what I found unsettling about him. Kiril Arnaudov was yet to refer to his daughter by her name.   
I often have the wrong idea about my acquaintances. It’s just that, whenever I go a long time without seeing someone, my memory bank autosaves an idealized version of that person. It feels like that image grows more misleadingly perfect each time it resurfaces in my mind—more beautiful, more natural, more attractive… When I inevitably cross paths with the original again, I cringe at the unpleasant dissonance.    
My memory often plays such tricks on me. 
Not to mention that people are in the annoying habit of ageing, precipitously so beyond a certain point. While staying young in my memories. 
Surprisingly enough, my mind had gone the opposite direction with Elena. 
Cleaned up, with her hair brushed and wearing a faint smile, Elena was much more beautiful than I remembered her from our encounter in the rain. She was… breathtaking! I couldn’t take my eyes off of her. It was as if I had been hypnotized. I’m not even that easily impressed by female beauty… I had seen my fair share of gorgeous women and I knew their effect on me. They normally supercharged my penchant for reckless behavior. It was different with Elena. I didn’t feel the urge to do something heroic or selfless. Quite the opposite, she infused me with confidence and faith. Faith in the good of people, in a better tomorrow, in immortality. If I looked at her long enough, I might even believe in democracy or fair taxation. 
Her room was just a tad bit smaller than the National Palace of Culture.  Left alone, I would have needed a guide to find her bed. 
It was a sparse interior. The expensive furniture did nothing to make the place feel lived in. The room was neat and nondescript. No teenager trinkets, no posters of dancing and singing gay people on the walls, no framed family photos or diplomas. I didn’t see socks lying around on the floor or clothes flung across the chairs either. Ah, the luxury of having a housekeeper. 
Far from being an expert in interior design, I had sometimes wondered what type of people like those huge round beds. Why would anyone need such a humongous bed? Unless they planned to entertain the entire local soccer team…  
Elena was lying in bed, her silky black hair fanned across a silky black pillow. Her pale face still looked gaunt, but her eyes were sparkling. I couldn’t tell her age. She could be anywhere from eighteen to twenty-eight years old. Her eyes told me she had lived a lot of life. Still, she looked delicate, exquisite. No one would think to sell her cigarettes or alcohol without asking for an ID card first. For some reason, I was inclined to believe she was closer to twenty-eight.          
I was standing by her bed, unsure of what to do. On the one hand, I wanted to get out of there as soon as possible and head for Sofia. On the other hand, I felt like picking up Elena and running away with her. Taking her to a deserted ocean island where we could run naked on endless sandy beaches. Making a dozen of wilding babies and fishing for our food until our dotage. Unfortunately, her father was standing on the other side of the bed. He didn’t particularly strike me as someone who longed for wilding grandkids. So, I kept silent and waited for Elena to speak first. 
“You’re standing on my medicines.”
I glanced down at my feet and saw she was right. I had stepped on a shiny blister pack containing small white pills. I picked it up off the floor and placed it on the nightstand. Elena opened a drawer and put the pills inside. They didn’t look like aspirin to me. My guess was some kind of anti-anxiety medication. Like I said, I know nothing of medicine, but it seemed natural to me that the girl would take a sedative after the rough night she had had. Now, the pile of condom boxes in the drawer struck me as odd. The chick either fucked everything in sight or had found some new, unfathomable use for all that rubber. 
“How are you?” I managed to ask. 
“Better. You?”
Did she know about my little game of “make a pincushion” with Barber and Iron? Or was she simply being polite? 
“I’ll live.”
Elena smiled, showing a row of teeth that obviously enjoyed excellent dental care. She had the look of a cover girl. For one of those prestigious glossy magazines. She somehow managed to look like a photo model without having make-up on. I was starting to wonder why she was still sticking around in Poplarville. This town was hardly a source of ample career opportunities. Most provincial beauties can’t wait to move to Sofia. A good number of them didn’t even bother with the capital and moved straight to Milan, Madrid or London. Why was she still here? She didn’t seem dense to me.  
Maybe she had chosen to focus on her studies instead of running off to conquer Milan, Madrid or London. The problem was this time of year students usually attended classes. Not that I understood the educational system all that well, but I sincerely doubted there was a university in this small town. 
Or was she staying by Daddy’s side for support? Kiril Arnaudov didn’t strike me as someone who would let a child of his tackle life without a degree, though that kind of tough-love parenting would actually worthy of respect. 
So many questions, so few answers. Not that I needed to find any of them. In an hour, I would be far away from Elena, her father and their town. And yet, there was a niggle at the back of my mind. This girl appeared out of place. Like a patch of red silk sewn onto a pair of faded worker’s pants. 
“Thank you for last night. You saved my life.”
Was she talking about a dream? Maybe she had glimpsed my face amid the haze of her delirious state last night and promptly cast me as a hero in her awful nightmare. Maybe she had clung to my image as her way out of that dark place. Or maybe I had read too many books. The wrong ones, at that. 
“You’re exaggerating.” 
“I don’t want to think what could’ve happened if it weren’t for you,” she went on as if she hadn’t heard me. “I was scared… I was paralyzed with fear… You were so… so brave… I get chills thinking about it.”
I thought my jaw was surely scraping the floor at that point. 
Tears welled up in her eyes. Elena brushed at them and sniffled delicately. 
“How long will you be in town?”
Something in that question made my ears perk up. She wasn’t asking if I wanted to or even planned to stay—as if that was a foregone conclusion. I don’t like other people making decisions for me. Even if that person had the best dental care in the Balkans. I glanced at Kiril Arnaudov to make sure he wasn’t dying to have me as a guest. 
“Actually, I’m leaving tonight.”
“Why?”
There was disappointment in her eyes. That got me thinking. 
Why would a girl like her be interested in me? Why would she have any use of me? Nothing came to mind except the fact I was new to town and therefore mildly intriguing. I felt as if the word schmuck was flashing like a neon sign on my forehead. And yet, she wanted me to stay. The bit about me saving her life was just a show for her father’s benefit, and the young beauty played her part well. But why did she want me to stay? Did she miss intelligent conversation? Unlikely. Did she want to fuck me senseless? Unlikely. Maybe she wanted to share her secret with me. The ugly, painful, well-kept secret that was making her waste away in this town. Unlikely. Why, then? 
“Why the hurry?”
“I have work to do, got to get back.”
“A pity.”
I threw another look at Daddy. He was smiling from ear to ear. I was half-expecting him to start shouting “Hallelujah!” and drop to his knees. 
Elena smiled and pulled the cover up to her chin, even though it was quite warm in the room. That glint came back to her eyes. 
“Well, at least I got the chance to make your acquaintance.”
Actually, I was yet to tell my name to anyone in this town.
“My name is Emil.”
“Elena,” she said, reaching out a hand. 
The touch of her delicate fingers practically sent me into a trance. 
“Safe travels, Emil!”
“Get well soon.”
6. 
“It’s pretty lively at night,” Elena’s father was driving his luxuriously upholstered limousine himself. “Someone will pick you up.”
Under the cover of darkness, we were headed for the main road bypassing the small town, where the parking lot, the restaurants and the motel Barber had mentioned were supposed to be. 
Ten bills of fifty lay on top of the glove compartment. Kiril Arnaudov’s idea of making it up to me for the rough treatment I had endured in the hands of his two hounds. I supposed the gesture also doubled as a tacit expression of gratitude for saving his daughter’s life, which I hadn’t actually done. With my modest lifestyle, the money could get me through two weeks. And if I saved a beauty in every small town I passed through, I could open a First Investment Bank account by Christmas. 
“Stand outside the gas station,” my travel companion said with a wide smile. “The road goes into an incline after that and no one will stop for you there.”
I just assumed that the gas station and the roadside drinking and dining establishments in the town outskirts were all his property. Just like the drinking and dining establishments in town. And most of the local businesses, for that matter. The local feudal lord. I had seen his kind in other small towns. I had only spent a short while in this man’s presence, but his ego was so palpable that it almost felt tangible. The swarthy newly minted rich man was so self-assured and conceited that he was unable to take anything or anyone besides himself seriously. Without even drawing a direct comparison between him and other people I used to know, I was confident that Kiril Arnaudov would not die of natural causes.
We traveled mostly in silence. The worlds we came from were too different for us to have anything to say to each other. Finally, the parking lot lights emerged from the darkness. Mr. Arnaudov stopped at the beginning of a long lay-by and turned the car around. As if he was reluctant to cross some kind of an invisible line.   
“Good luck!” he said, reaching across to open my door. The gesture was clear: get out and get lost! 
“Good luck to you too!”  
I took the money, pulled my coat collar up and got out of the car. After the cloying sandalwood scent from the air-freshener, the clean air felt good. I found myself back on that windy parking lot. I had seen very little of it the night before. I hadn’t even noticed the gas station. The three small restaurants down the road were brightly lit. A dark four-story building was collecting dust about a hundred paces further away. That had to be the motel. Nice place. I hoped the window profiles were well fitted. Otherwise, the sound of passing trucks was going to keep me up all night. 
But first, I had to get something to eat. 
Life had taught me to eat whenever I wanted, had the chance or simply had something to eat. All three conditions were met in this case so I headed for the nearest restaurant, went inside and took a seat by the window. The rest of the tables were taken by a couple of loners like me as well as two rowdy groups. The more curious patrons turned to look at me, likely drawn by my natural handsomeness. It might have also been my swollen eye and split lip. Either way, they quickly lost interest and turned back to their tables. I waited until the last one stopped gawking at me, then checked the menu. 
I had gone to sleep on an empty stomach many a time. I had gone to sleep starving many a time. I had had all kinds of cravings… I had dreamt of a buttered slice of bread sprinkled with dried savory. French fries, yellow cheese fried in egg and bread crumbs, omelette… 
I had been forced to beg for two slices of sausage and a piece of cheese. I had no idea if hell truly exists, but I had often pictured it as a single table with a single empty plate on it. 
And if there was such a thing as heaven, it surely served chicken soup. 
I didn’t need to read anything beyond that item on the menu.  

I ate slowly. 
My lower lip smarted a bit from the hot meal. My gums stung and protested, but I soldiered on in filling my belly with this healing potion. Hunger always trumps pain.  
The owner, or the manager, had made an effort to decorate the place in the Bulgarian National Revival style. Red woven tablecloths, clay pots and pitchers arranged by the windows, horse cart wheels in the corners, wild geranium and other fresh greenery in small vases on the tables, even in winter. A wrought-iron horseshoe with a blue bead was hung on the paneling behind me. 
I didn’t need to be all that knowledgeable about architecture to understand that this restaurant wasn’t winning Building of the Year anytime soon. Especially with that wood-burning stove in the middle of the room. A lulling warmth was wafting from its belly. I could barely keep my good eye open. It felt like, any moment now, the spoon would slip out of my hand and I would collapse onto the table, intoxicated by the cozy atmosphere. I had had an eventful evening and my body was screaming for rest. 
I could spend the night in that motel or I could hitchhike and doze in the vehicle.  
If you have never had to nap in the front passenger seat, you wouldn’t understand. Sleeping in fits and starts during a ride is horrendous. I had done it hundreds of times. I would sit by the driver and nod off in the middle of a conversation. I would fall into a deep slumber, my head would roll and the sudden movement would startle me awake. In those blissful two or three seconds of sleep, I would manage to dream the entire director’s cut of Dancing with the Wolves. I would then try to shake off the cobwebs of sleep and guess what the driver had just asked me. I would answer something noncommittal and doze off again. Another startled awakening followed by falling back asleep. I had traveled for hours caught up in this cycle. Hours filled with a surrealistic string short, bright dreams. Prematurely interrupted, depression-inducing dreams. I’m always grumpy and tired after a trip like that. 
No, that was the last thing I needed. 
I had money. I was going to get a room at the motel. 

“Kiss off!” Iron came and sat across the table from me. He had snuck up on me. A difficult task given his height and broad shoulders, now barely concealed by a beige raincoat. 
Our first meeting had started with the same line. It had ended poorly, at least for me. 
We had a score to settle, he and I. But I had no intention of causing a scene in the crowded restaurant. Iron didn’t seem to care all that much, though. He grabbed the half-empty bowl of soup and poured its content over my head. 
I’m no saint. I had done plenty of bad things and later regretted them. Even worse, I had done bad things that I could never bring myself to regret later. Horrible things. But I would never ever dare to pour a bowl of chicken soup over someone’s head. 
You know me as a mild-tempered and agreeable person. 
Well, sometimes I’m not that person.  
Without leaving my seat, I snatched the horseshoe from the wall, palmed it and swung at the face of my new companion. Iron groaned and staggered. He reached for the table, caught nothing but the tablecloth and dragged it with him to the floor.  
The porcelain bowl fell to the tiled floor and smashed into pieces. The spoon clattered right behind it, then fell silent. The chatter around the room abruptly ceased. Several curious faces turned our way, impassively taking note of the situation. But most of the people present didn’t even flinch. Clearly, they were somewhat used to minor disagreements and scraps. The large man lay unmoving. There were no visible signs he was alive, but that wasn’t what worried me. I was worried Barber might be around too. I had good reason to be mad at the two big fellas, just as they had reason to be mad at me. They were in the doghouse with their master for failing to protect his daughter and they needed someone to take out their frustration on. Someone to blame. I happened to be the only available scapegoat. I had to get away. 
I hung the horseshoe back on the wall. I shook out a napkin and tried to wipe the pieces of noodles and chicken away but quickly realized the futility of my efforts. That mess wasn’t going away without a good scrubbing under the shower. I went to the bar, handed the suddenly-wide-awake waiter a fifty and waited for my change. I tapped my fingers on the bar, urging him to get moving. 
“In a hurry, huh? Where are you going?”
I didn’t even need to turn around. That voice was painfully familiar. 
Damn it! Why did I have to put the horseshoe back in its place? 
I turned around—I make it a point to look nasty people in the eye. 
“Already told you. I’m seeing your mother.”
Barber wore the same raincoat as his partner. His right hand emerged from his coat pocket to reveal a glinting metal blade. I couldn’t help but notice that every time he saw me, his sadistic impulses got stimulated. I wondered how Dr. Freud would interpret Barber’s passion for sticking sharp metal objects into my flesh. 
“Get out!” 
His voice no longer had that quiet and calm quality I remembered from our first meeting. Apparently, I was getting on his nerves. He looked even older, more shriveled. 
The waiter had stopped counting the money. He was frozen in place, barely daring to breathe. I reached across the bar and snatched several bills from the cash register’s drawer. If my math was correct, I was leaving him a hundred percent tip. That was too generous, even if we counted the night shift and the unpleasant clients as aggravating circumstances. I also took a large coin.  
“Get out, you bastard!” Barber snapped without a trace of his former politeness. 
Generally, I’m a patient man, but my patience has its limits too. I dislike sadistic types. I dislike sadistic types who shout at me. I dislike sadistic types who shout offensive words at me. 
With a flick of my thumb, I sent the coin flying toward Barber. His eyes instinctively followed its path as it flipped through the air. The fingers of my right hand wrapped around a glass ashtray placed by the cash register. I was about to whack Barber across the face with the heavy piece of corrugated glass He saw through my plan and took a step back. But he was a tick late. The ashtray slammed into his left cheekbone with a sickening sound.  
I had managed to neutralize two opponents with two strikes in under a minute, using the same tactic at that. It wasn’t every day that I could claim such a feat. I put the ashtray back and shook my hand.
“You shouldn’t have done that.” The waiter had finally snapped out of his stupor. 
He was probably referring to the big tip. Granted, this was the country but still… 
“They’re extremely vindictive,” he went on. “They’ll find and whack you.”
I bent down and searched the wiry butcher. My medallion wasn’t on him. I found a car key, though. The way things were going, I might need it really soon. I wanted to search Iron too but chose not to waste any more time. One of the rowdy groups wasn’t that rowdy any longer. Three strapping fellas had gotten out of their chairs and were striding determinedly in my direction. They could be getting away, intimidated by my demonstration of brute force or they could be gearing up to use me as a punching bag. I wasn’t going to hang around long enough to find out.
I went out onto the parking lot, scanned the line of trucks and cars and immediately located the one I was looking for. It wasn’t all that difficult—I still remembered the vehicle that blocked the road in front of me the night before. 
I got into the car, put the key into the ignition and turned it. Well, boys, catch me if you can! 
I shifted straight into second gear and floored the gas pedal, the car drifted to one side on the damp asphalt. In the far distance, I could see the lights of the nighttime caravan of trucks and buses whizzing down the main road. I executed a U-turn and headed straight for the town center. 
I don’t like unfinished business.
7.
I had stayed overnight in a hotel plenty of times. Not that I had been able to get some sleep every time. Sometimes it was pure ecstasy over the luxurious accommodations that kept me up and other times—shock at the astounding misery surrounding me. At first glance, the hotel I found myself in now fell somewhere in between. Neither too pompous nor too cheap. 
“We have no single rooms available,” the guy at the reception desk said, scratching his neck. “I can give you a double one at two thirds of the regular price. Or a three-bed room at half the price.”
It was close to three past midnight. I wasn’t in the mood to do math. I slapped a fifty on the countertop and tapped the ancient receptionist on the shoulder. 
“I just need to get some sleep. Put me up wherever and don’t make a big fuss about it.”
That came out wrong. My words sounded conspiratorially when all I wanted was for him to shut up. The man finally glanced up and looked at me searchingly. He gave the back of his scraggy neck another scratch and nodded, probably deciding I was on the run. He led me down a worn-out red carpet and up the stairs to the second floor, where he stopped in front of the very first door. The old man unlocked it and gestured for me to walk in. Before politely closing the door behind me, he whispered: 
“The balcony overlooks the back alley. It’s low enough for anyone to safely jump off it.”
I had no intention of jumping off anything. At least for now. Left alone, I locked the door and ducked into the bathroom. I turned the shower on, took off my clothes and stepped under the rush of hot water. 
As a kid, I disliked showering. Getting my hair washed was my least favorite part. I would scream my head off as my mother went through the whole ordeal of applying shampoo and then rinsing it. I would always vow to, one day, let my own children go weeks without washing their hair.
Now, as an adult, I thought back to those days every time I used shampoo. And every time it hit me—the realization that I was probably never getting the chance to keep my vow. Then all thought would disappear. Taking a shower is an intimate experience. 
I wrapped a thick hotel towel around my waist and padded across the room, leaving a trail of wet footsteps onto the laminate flooring. I sat down on the bed and went about drying my hair with a smaller towel. All the brisk movements made me acutely aware of the pain in my swollen eye. I gritted my teeth and felt the salty taste of blood in my mouth. A frustrated why does it always have to be me had half-formed in my mind before I discarded it. We all have our lot in life. 
I was sure no one would look for me until the morning. The two big fellas would assume I had split. Until they found the car. I had purposely left it on the police station parking lot. That was going to both speed things up and puzzle my opponents. Ha! I enjoyed that mental image since I found those two obnoxious.   
Discovering the car would get them thinking. It could be days before they knocked on my hotel room door. In the meantime, I intended to catch up on sleep. 
My thigh wounds had started to bleed a little. I was about to make a mess of the sheets. The thought that Mr. Arnaudov probably owned the hotel eased my conscience. I turned the light off and slipped under the covers.  
I was full, showered and relatively solvent. I was lying on a soft bed with clean sheets and the room was warm. It wasn’t half bad for early December.
8. 
In the light of day, the town seemed even smaller. There was indeed a hospital and it was, as I had figured, right next to the town hall and the police station—a distinctive characteristic of small towns in general. In big cities, hospitals are usually located in the outskirts, where it is quieter and cleaner. 
Here, everything was quiet and clean. There were simply not enough people to generate that much noise or waste. And good thing that was the case because it was clear the town didn’t invest heavily in maintenance. Either the municipal budget was too modest or the officials too corrupt. Holes dotted the streets, the sidewalks were all broken, and the forlorn park grass was… whatever was the opposite of a manicured golf course. The playground nestled in the small park didn’t have a single undamaged piece of equipment. The streetlamp polls were covered in crumbling rust. Faded flags flapped outside the town hall—one was clearly identifiable as the Bulgarian flag, but the other could represent anything from the European Union to the United Nations. It could also turn out to be a plain old rag. I doubted anyone paid attention to it. 
The rest of the public buildings—the post office, the police station, the fire department and the labor office—completed the small-town landscape with their unremarkable presence. There was the occasional grocery store. I walked into one to buy a pack of gum, mostly so I could get some change. The cashier threw me a murderous look before giving me a bunch of twos and fives. My guess was those bills made up her entire turnover from the day before. I went back outside and continued my stroll past dusty storefronts, a thrift shop, a pharmacy for farming products, a hardware store, a gun store, a photo studio, the Bulgarian equivalent of a dollar store… Well, at least there was a bit more variety with cafes. There were two of them, standing sentry on both sides of the town square. A small, rickety bus bearing the fading logo of a long-failed bank was parked outside the monstrous, peeling building of the bus station to my right.  
Surprisingly enough, there was also a bookstore, a museum of history, a library and an art gallery. Not that I was planning on visiting any of them… But it seemed endearing. I wasn’t altogether sure what it meant to be an intellectual, but I could imagine pretty well what it meant to be an intellectual in a town like this. 
It was daybreak and men, women and children were rushing around, going about their day. They all seemed dull and colorless to me, although that might have been a trick of the fog shrouding the sleepy town. I had already covered every centimeter of the town center, twice, in less than a dozen minutes.  
My body insisted on a cup of hot coffee. I walked into the “fancier” of the two cafes and sat at the bar. I was the only customer. A young man was busy at work near the beverage cooler. The TV was showing a tennis match on mute. Some kind of retro set was playing on the radio. The air was filled with the psychedelic aroma of freshly ground coffee.
There aren’t that many things I’m particular about. I don’t mind any job, I can sleep anywhere and I don’t care who is breathing down my neck. But I take my coffee seriously. I had no idea if hell truly exists, but I had often pictured it as a single table with a single cup of bland coffee on it. 
I had met people who couldn’t care less what kind of brew was in their cup as long as it had three spoons of sugar thrown in it. I had met people who took their coffee black. In my mind, they were all wrong. Two grams  of sugar provided the perfect balance of enhancing the taste of coffee without making it any sweeter. 
And if there was such a thing as heaven, it surely served Lavazza. 
Discreetly, the young man studied me while making my coffee. Well, at least he thought he was being discreet. The way I saw it, he was staring. In a town like this, newcomers stood out like a sore thumb. Especially newcomers sporting a black eye and a split lower lip. 
He was about Elena’s age. He would know her, then. They could even be classmates, friends. He may have shot his shot with her. 
The good thing about small towns is that information can be easily obtained. People there are dying to tell you everything they know. 
“Elena Arnaudova has invited me to visit her,” I placed the little spoon on the saucer and took a sip of coffee. “Not sure if the offer is worth it.” 
At least the coffee was worth it. 
The boy froze and gulped. 
“Meaning?”
“Meaning, I’m not sure if I should go.”
The young man gulped again. 
“Depends.”
The coffee was truly nice. Not really a Lavazza, but I had prepared for it to be way worse.  
“On what?”
“On what she invited you for.”
“Has she ever invited you?”
“Me?” the bartender laughed. “Hardly.”
It was my turn to take a closer look at him. I saw nothing wrong with him. A pleasant young man. Didn’t seem like a gay, an alcoholic or a hick. 
“Why not?” 
“I’m not in her target group.”
Perhaps he was too poor. Made sense since he was working at a café. 
“And what would be her target group?”
The young man smirked, looked around and leaned across the bar. 
“You are better off not knowing.”
He said that in a friendly manner. Not as a warning but as an advice. In the same way he might tell me the good fishing spots this time of year. 
“Is it that bad?”
“Depends. Are you a lawyer?”
I ran my fingers over my unshaven cheek. I glanced at the lumpy shirt under my old coat. Yeah, right! Even the lousiest of lawyers in the country had to have a cleaner appearance than that. 
“Do I look like a lawyer to you?”
“I don’t know. All sorts of lawyers visit every now and then.”
“Visit Elena, you mean?”
The young man leaned even closer. 
“I don’t know if it’s true, but word around town is…”
Three old men entered the café and the boy drew back. 
“Would you like anything else?”
I waved a hand no and looked up to the TV. The tennis match was still going. Wherever that tournament was, the place obviously had sunny, warm weather because the crowd was full of people wearing short sleeves. The bartender served the three old man tea and brandy then returned behind the bar. He was ignoring me. Apparently, he didn’t feel like talking before witnesses. He probably regretted opening his mouth in the first place. Maybe he had finally figured that discussing his boss’s daughter with a stranger wasn’t the wisest thing to do. Unfortunately for him, I don’t like unfinished business.
“What more can you tell me about her?”
I kept my voice low, not taking my eyes off the TV screen. 
“I don’t know much.”
“Tell me whatever you know.”
“I really don’t know anything.”
He seemed tense. I decided to back off a bit. My eyes flicked to the name tag on his t-shirt and the sight of it got me thinking. That tag was hardly for the benefit of the locals. In a town like this, people knew each other from the cradle. I rather fancied the idea that he was wearing it for me. Word of a stranger in town must have spread.   
“Look, Martin, I only ask you these questions because I would hate to get myself into trouble. If Elena is no good, I have no business going to her house.”
“I don’t know her all that well.”
“Now you’re fibbing.”
“I’m not. I really don’t know her.”    
“You’re practically the same age. You must’ve gone to high school together.”
“I went to a school in Vratsa, she showed up later. Much later.”
So, Daddy and his girl had moved here not that long ago. The local feudal lord was a guest artist. That revelation added some context, but it changed nothing about the core dynamics at play.  
“Do you know her mother?”
“Elena’s mother… I don’t remember ever seeing her.”
“How long ago did she and her father moved here?”
The young man set a newly washed and dried ashtray in front of me and stole a peep at the old men. He probably thought he was being discreet again. 
“Mr. Arnaudov is a local.” 
Elena had moved here by herself at some point. Kiss off! She had probably lived with her mother prior to that. Mommy died or left or simply ran out of money… So, the young woman decided it was time to pay Daddy some attention. Her arrival in town would have caused quite the stir. She must have been all people could talk about that month or even that year. 
Small towns don’t exactly offer a wide variety of diversions. A depressing two-hour concert by some washed-up pop singer incessantly shouting come on, sing it with me is usually the best that locals can hope for. The truth is people don’t need mummies strutting on stage. They need a thrill, something to spice up their life. It is only human. In that sense, the one sort-of-intriguing source of entertainment are illicit sexual relations. It is the same everywhere. Bored out of their minds, the locals hump each other like rabbits. 
A beauty like Elena would have really stirred the passions. The men in town, young and old, would have panted after her in vain. From what I knew, Daddy Arnaudov kept her in a gilded cage. Elena didn’t blend in with the local crowd. She kept to herself. 
Wherever she had come from, that place couldn’t possibly be more backwater than this one, right? So why had she changed addresses? Was it because of Daddy’s money? In search of fatherly affection? Maybe she was just lying low, hiding from someone—the law enforcement, an ex-boyfriend, old buddies. 
I finished the last of my coffee and put the small cup on the stone countertop. I left a five next to it, stood up and signaled to the bartender to keep the change. 
“Nice coffee. Thank you!”
Such a simple gesture wouldn’t have impressed anyone in the big city, but the young man’s eyes sparkled at the sight of the bill. He snatched it with a nifty move and tilted his head toward the old men by the window. 
“These are Elena’s friends.”
I buttoned my coat and left the café. On my way out, I glanced at the old men and nodded in greeting. Martin had definitely pulled my leg. A beauty like Elena hanging out with alcohol lovers in their dotage? Yeah, right! Not even if her childhood had been the stuff of nightmares… 
I stepped out into the cold street and shivered. I don’t like winter. I don’t like fog. I don’t like strange towns. 
I had made sure to leave a strong impression on the young man inside. Strong enough for him to make a phone call and report that some guy with a black eye was walking around, asking questions about Kiril Arnaudov’s daughter. It would take them minutes to find me, wherever I went. There was no point in hiding. So, I went for a stroll again.
9. 
Before landing in this town, I was headed to Sofia. I had spent five months in the Sunny Beach resort working as a handyman for the Gaillardia hotel in exchange for food, shelter and cash. I was supposed to get paid at the end of the season. But when the moment came, the only thing I got from the hotel manager were empty promises. Day after day, he said the same thing—tomorrow. He owed me about thirty-five hundred. It wasn’t a lot of money, but it was enough to fight for. Plus, I don’t like getting screwed over.  
I wasn’t the only bamboozled employee. Thirty-two other schmucks were still hanging around, hoping to get their salaries. Twelve others had already left. 
I waited patiently for three weeks. I like to count to twenty-one before I make important decisions. I got no money on the twenty-first day either. On the twenty-second day, the resort woke up to one resident fewer. Later that day, the count dropped once more after I left. 
I felt no remorse. That guy was nothing but a spineless swindler. If it had been my money alone, I would have taken the L and moved on. It wouldn’t have been my first time getting stiffed. But there were entire families who worked at the hotel. Some employees counted on that money to get them through the winter. 
I used the few bills I had found in the swindler’s pockets to buy myself second-hand clothes—a coat, a pair of pants and a woolen shirt. I was headed to Sofia, after all. I still knew some people there who would take care of me. Honestly, not counting all the scumbags among them, I was down to one person—Vyara. No one else had promised me a stable job and a roof over my head for the winter. My only goal was to survive the cold months… Beyond that, God’s will… 
A buddy from the hotel next door drove me to Varna. I walked to the nearest highway and spent the day trying to hitchhike. It was getting dark when an older truck driver took pity on me and pulled over. That night he dropped me in Targovishte and got off the main road. I slept under a rusty shelter in the industrial zone. The next morning, I had better luck hitchhiking. A skinny kid in a red sports car took me to Byala where I was immediately picked up by another skinny kid driving a cargo van. That was how I got to Veliko Tarnovo. I had to wait two or three hours there, but it was worth it because the next driver took me all the way to Botevgrad. Standing at the lay-by, I could almost smell the Sofia air. It was growing dark when a squad car with two police officers passed by me. 
I don’t know about you, but I’m not crazy about close encounters with the police. For some bizarre reason, the officers I run into always want to talk to me. Those two proved no exception. What started as an innocuous interview quickly turned into hassling, followed by a detention. They shoved me into the squad car and took me to the Botevgrad police station. There, a grizzled cop in a leather jacket asked me a couple of questions, showed me where to sign and kicked me out. Not before making me wait over an hour, of course. As a parting gift, they gave me a ticket, which I promptly tore to pieces and threw into a trash can outside the station.  
If nothing else, they were kind enough to drop me at the same town exit they had found me. Sure, they did it to make sure I would get out of their precious town, but still.  
None of the people I had met throughout the day had thought to offer me food. Now my stomach was growling and I had nothing to keep the pangs of hunger at bay. I didn’t have enough money to buy even a bagel and I couldn’t steal one. Not that I had scruples about it, there were just no bagels around to be stolen. The lay-by boasted two long-abandoned kiosks for coffee and aperitifs. At least that was what the peeling sign said. I could have been wrong, though, it was hard to tell in the thickening darkness. 
Mad over all the time I had wasted at the police station, I made a colossally stupid mistake. I got distracted and hitchhiked on the side of the road going the opposite way of Sofia. The truck driver I stopped asked me where I was going. Still fuming, I told him it was all the same to me. The man shrugged his shoulders and drove off. For a split second, he looked like Popeye the Sailor to me¬—he was smoking a pipe and had an underbite and a tattoo of an anchor on his wrist. All of a sudden, I had a craving for spinach. I asked him if he happened to have something to eat and he handed me home-made cookies wrapped in newspaper. My eyes must have lit up like the King Samuel Monument because Popeye told me I could have all the cookies. I wasted no time stuffing myself. In exactly two minutes, I was reclining in my seat, full and content. Exhaustion finally caught up with me and I dozed off. When I woke up, the truck wasn’t moving and the driver wasn’t next to me. Rain pattered on the cabin roof. The clock on the dashboard said half past nine in the evening. 
I opened the door and took a look around. We had stopped on a large parking lot. There were other trucks. Under the tall streetlamps, the rain was surging in large waves. I saw no buildings except for some roadside restaurants. I didn’t remember any part of Sofia looking like this. 
Popeye the Sailor appeared with the hood of his jacket pulled up. 
“You can get off here if you want.”
“Are we in Sofia yet?”
Either he didn’t quite catch my question or I didn’t quite get his answer. 
“I’m driving to the docks to unload.”
I considered his words. Docks and ports were things normally found at seashores and riverbanks. There were definitely no seashores in Sofia and the rivers were nothing to speak of… 
I snapped to attention and hopped onto the wet pavement.
“Where are we?”
“Poplarville.”
My knees felt weak. Somehow, I had wound up in Poplarville instead of Sofia. I struggled to call up a picture of the Bulgarian map in my mind. The town of Poplarville was situated near the bank of the Danube River, some two hundred kilometers north of the capital Sofia—a drive that involved mostly secondary roads. My mind was reeling. I felt helpless and disoriented. Then I remembered wandering in the outskirts of Botevgrad and felt a wave of anger bubbling up. I was in for another day of crossing half the country back the other way. 
The driver got into the truck and slammed the door shut. 
“Wait!” I went around to his side and knocked. 
“What?” He poked his head out the window. 
“Which way is the town?”
“That way,” his hand made a sweeping gesture to the side. “A kilometer or two away.”
I turned in the general direction he was indicating but saw nothing in the dark that would suggest the existence of a town. I had learned from personal experience that when a truck driver said a kilometer or two that meant I should prepare for about ten.      
“Take this!” A hand holding a plastic bag stuck out the window. Upon further inspection, the bag turned out to be a raincoat. Folded and tied with a cord. I untied the cord and put on the baggy piece of clothing. If I was going to walk a kilometer or two, I could use protection from the rain.
I turned to wave Popeye goodbye, but the truck was already two small red lights receding into the distance. 
After a half hour of walking, my legs were soaking wet. I had passed by the town sign and now the road was weaving through warehouses and abandoned industrial buildings. At the first crossing, I saw the familiar sheet-metal shed of a bus stop. It wasn’t much of a boost to my spirits, but at least it offered some protection from the wind and the rain. I sat down to rest and wring out my socks. I took off the raincoat and draped it over the seat next to me. As I was listening for the sound of an approaching bus, some girl showed up. 
You know the rest.
10. 
I was enjoying a leisurely stroll back to the hotel, eating a greasy banitsa  fresh from the oven. The rich aroma and texture of the pastry took me way back. Suddenly, I was overcome by a wave of unfounded optimism. I was inexplicably confident that things would work out fine. What things? That I couldn’t tell. 
I caught a whiff of foul smell coming off my clothes, like wet dog. I had to either wash or throw them away and buy a new set. The first option was much more preferable. I returned to the hotel to find the guy from the nightshift gone, replaced by a beaming young woman. Who was presently flirting with a beaming young man. At the sight of me, they both fell silent. 
I’m not all that good with faces, but the scar cutting through the guy’s eyebrow struck me as familiar. He probably found me familiar too because his brow furrowed. He could only be one of Kiril Arnaudov’s personal bodyguards—the one who had freed me from the ropes in that barn. 
Now what? Was he here to flirt with the girl and just happened to come upon me? Or was he here because his boss already knew I was staying at the hotel?
Considering the vibe that Poplarville had given me so far, I doubted the town was overrun by tourists in December. I had to be the only guest the hotel had welcomed in days. Maybe weeks. They probably boasted about finally getting a client.
The beefy fellow didn’t jump me, didn’t say a thing. He simply stepped to the side so I could talk to the girl at the reception desk. 
“How may I help you?”
Every time I hear this question, I feel the urge to respond do something wild for me.  I bit back the words. The girl would probably take it the wrong way. Her bulky friend even more so.  
“I’d like to wash my clothes. Do you offer such services?”
The young receptionist took a look at my coat, her eyes lingering a bit on the missing top button, and nodded. 
“It’s three bucks a piece of clothing. Washing, drying and ironing are included in the service.”
I did some math in my mind and the number came at twenty. This town was starting to get costly for me. 
“What if we skip the ironing part and wash my stuff for five bucks?” 
The beefy fellow discreetly nudged her knee. Or what passed for discreetly in these parts. The girl shot him a look, then gave me a smile and pulled out a plastic bag. 
“Put your clothes in the bag.”
I seriously considered undressing right there in the lobby and saving myself the trip to my room and back. 
“May I have a towel?”
“A towel?” The girl jotted down something on a piece of paper. “A bath towel, you mean?” 
“I can’t very well strut around naked, can I?”
She munched on that comment for five seconds before understanding dawned. 
“Just a second.”
She went into a room right behind her. After a minute, she came back carrying a large white towel. She placed it on the countertop and vanished into the dark room again. Her voice floated from its depths: 
“Call me when you’re done.”
The guy with the eyebrow scar was yet to say a word. He was just chilling and watching me with indifference. Either he was off duty and didn’t care about me or he had been given instructions to keep an eye on me. To make sure I don’t run away. Naturally, he had come to the conclusion that my escape would be considerably hampered if I had no clothes on.
I returned his indifferent stare. He had already seen me naked so whatever. I took my clothes off, stuffed them in the plastic bag and wrapped the towel around my waits.  
The coat didn’t fit in the bag. I took out the contents of its pockets and put it on top of the bag. 
“Done.”
The young receptionist reemerged as if she had been waiting right behind the door. She was still clutching that piece of paper. 
“Here you go. Come back in three hours,” she said, handing me the note. She grabbed the bundle with the coat on top and carried it down the hall. 
I tightened the towel around my waist, went up to my room on the second floor and slammed the door behind me. I slipped out of my shoes and put all my stuff on the shoe cabinet—the room key, a safety deposit box key, a notebook filled with phone numbers and addresses, a lighter, a pack of gum, my ID card and the folded bills. As I was putting down the piece of paper, the girl’s elegant, slanted handwriting caught my eye. “Leave town! They’ll kill you! You’re in danger!”
There was an excessive use of exclamation points. 
I discarded both the piece of paper and the towel on my way into the room. And immediately regretted that decision. Elena Arnaudova was sitting on the bed. 
“Kiss off!”
I was beginning to think that phrase served as a greeting in Poplarville. There was probably a proper response to it too. Just like thank you, I’m well was the customary reply to hi, how are you? Perhaps if I staid in town long enough, I would find out what that proper response was.  
Or maybe Elena was genuinely impressed by what she saw. Both from the waist up and the waist down. She wouldn’t be the first. Still, it felt awkward. I could only imagine my conversation with Kiril Arnaudov if he popped up from somewhere at this exact moment. 
I picked up the towel and wrapped it around my waist. This tableau was out of a classic male fantasy—a man gets back to his hotel room to find a gorgeous woman on his bed. Her voice sounded divine. 
A different voice in my head insisted run. 
A third voice, that of the irrepressible idiot in me, whispered relax, everything will be fine. 
“How did you get in?”
“Galya let me in.”
Galya had to be the receptionist. So, the beefy guy downstairs was here because of Elena. An encouraging thought flashed through my mind—maybe he was keeping an eye on her, not on me. 
“Why?”
“Because I asked her to.”
She was playing with me. Her whole body was playful—her eyes, her laced fingers, her crossed legs, her nose slightly turned up at me, the handful of locks swept back to reveal her neck. 
“Why are you here?”
“To see you.”
Well, I’ll be damned! There was one problem, though—I’m not a fan of chit-chat. I like to get straight to the point. 
“What do you want?”
“I want you to help me.”
I sat on the chair opposite her and stared into her eyes. 
“I?”
“Yes.”
“How exactly may I help you?”
Elena undid her jacket. She wore a spaghetti strap dress underneath despite the cold weather. Her bare shoulders were covered in long, thin cuts. A knife? A whip? 
“That pig tried to put out a cigarette on me.”
“Who?”
“Will surely kill me next time.”
“Who?” I repeated more quietly. 
“So, you’ll help me?”
“I don’t know. Why would I help you?”
“Because you’re a good guy. I knew it the moment I laid eyes on you.”
I hadn’t had someone profess their feelings for me since my schoolboy years.
“I think you have me all wrong.”
Elena huddled in her jacket and her eyes welled up with tears. 
“I’m no fool. I know people. No one has shown me kindness in years. I’ve only been taken advantage of. Everyone uses me. You’re the first person to show concern for me. You didn’t abandon me. You didn’t leave me there in the rain. You tried to help me. Why not try again?”
Maybe the locals were just reluctant to interfere in the life of Elena Arnaudova. Maybe they were afraid of Daddy Arnaudov. Maybe they knew she was no good and weren’t eager to come to her aid. 
I said nothing, just looked at her. My inner voices were having a shouting match.
“I’ll pay you.” She stood up and pulled out a bulky envelope from her handbag. She emptied its contents on the table. A bunch of fifties fanned across the smooth surface. A big bunch of fifties. I almost choked at the sight. Then I realized this was a drop in the ocean of Kiril Arnaudov’s wealth and the moment passed. I figured Daddy had piles of money. I doubted he even noticed sums with less than four zeros. The one on my table seemed to be in the low thousands. 
“Keep your money, Elena. If your father finds out you took it without permission…”
“This is my money. My own money.”
I wondered where she could have gotten it from… She either secretly helped herself to her father’s savings or she had undeclared sources of income. She might actually be fucking the local soccer team. 
“It is yours now,” Elena said, putting the empty envelope into her handbag and sitting back down on the bed. 
“And how am I supposed to earn it?” 
“I want you to kill someone.”
I don’t know if you have ever killed a human being. The idea may sound horrifying to you, but it’s really not. It all depends on the person that needs to be killed. There are plenty of people I would do away with and feel like I have done my duty afterward—pedophiles, rapists, drug dealers, pimps, extortionists, swindlers, corrupted politicians… As long as I’m well compensated for the hit job. Eyeballing it, there were no more than five grand on the table, which wasn’t good enough for me. Plus, I was yet to be given a target. 
“Just like that, no reason?”
Elena turned away without answering. 
“Who’s the lucky guy?”
My companion had come prepared. She rummaged in her handbag and pulled out a photo. She handed it over without even looking at me. For some reason, I had expected to see Kiril Arnaudov on the photo. The thought had simply popped into my head—that whole deal with the little girl who struggles to escape her overbearing father’s shadow. 
But the face on the photo was nothing like his. It was much gentler and, most importantly, female. The woman couldn’t be over thirty-two or thirty-three years old. It was difficult to say since this wasn’t a portrait photo but a piece cut out from a larger frame. 
A portion of a table laden with dishes, glasses and bottles could be seen in the picture. It obviously captured some sort of celebration. The lady was dressed for a formal event and smiled for the camera. She was attractive. Unsurprisingly, a man’s hand was draped over her shoulder. She looked like a clerk. Or a teacher. Certainly not a pedophile, a rapist, a drug dealer, a pimp, an extortionist, a swindler or a corrupt politician. 
“Who is she?”
“Bistra Avramova.” 
I hadn’t had the chance to catch up on the local celebrities since the last time I was quizzed, so that name didn’t ring a bell either. 
“You’ll have to elaborate.”
“My father’s mistress.”
Right, this was about jealousy. I should have known. Jealousy is among the most common causes of domestic violence. But there seemed to be more to it than that. Plus, it wasn’t every day that I got asked to kill the mistress of some girl’s father. Truth be told, that one was a first. 
“Look, Elena… I’m a drifter and an idle fellow, not a killer.”
I stared into the most innocent and tormented eyes in the world. There was something else in their depths too. Condescension? 
“I can’t take a person’s life just because you dislike them.”
“You don’t get it… If I don’t… She’ll kill me!”
“Why would she want to do that?”
“Because she’s a crazy, greedy slut! She wants to marry my father and knows I would never allow it.”
“Why?”
“Because she is after his money. She doesn’t care about anything else.”
“Got it. What kind of person is she?”
“I already told you—a slut.”
“What does she do when she’s not chasing your father’s money?”
“She’s the police chief.”
I glanced at the bills. What would stop me from promising to do the job, taking the money and running away? What Elena had said—I was a good guy. 
“What did the police chief do to you?”
“She harasses me. Beats me. Tortures me.”
I hadn’t heard a more ridiculous story in my time as a confidant. 
“Are those marks from her?”
“Yes. There are more of them.”
Elena turned away once more. She was sniffling and generally on the verge of crying. There is only one thing I find more distasteful than bland coffee and that is a sniveling woman. I can’t stand sniveling women. Especially presumptuous sniveling women. My antennae went up. 
“Why would she torture you?”
“To make me leave town.”
“Why don’t you tell your father?”
“You really think I haven’t told him? He doesn’t believe me. He accuses me of making it all up.”
“Has he seen the marks? Doesn’t he care where they’re from? Or who they’re from?”
“He insists that I purposely harm myself so I can slander Bistra Avramova.”
“Report her.”
“To the police, you mean?”
Police chief. Right. 
If the Botevgrad cops hadn’t detained me, I wouldn’t have hitchhiked in the dark. If I hadn’t hitchhiked in the dark, I wouldn’t have gotten the directions mixed up. If I hadn’t gotten the directions mixed up, I would’ve never traveled to Poplarville. If I hadn’t gotten here, I would’ve never met Elena. Next time, I would check the direction signs twice before sticking my thumb out.  
“I’m sorry, Elena. I can’t do it.”
Honestly, I never even seriously considered her proposal. I didn’t trust her. All that aimless wandering I do has its good sides. One learns to read people pretty quickly. Or at least recognize when they’re being honest. Elena wasn’t being honest with me. She wasn’t sincere even when she gave me a searching look and stood op to leave. 
“Call me when you change your mind.”
I rose as well.
“My mind is made up. Take your money.”
“I don’t need it. I have plenty at home.”
“I don’t need it either.”
Elena surveyed the empty room, the rumpled bedsheets and my bare feet, then nodded. 
“If you say so.”
I stepped aside to let her pass. With her hand on the doorhandle, she turned to me again. 
“I’ll wait for a call from you.”
“What’s to stop me from taking your money and disappearing?”
“You won’t do it.”
“Why?”
“Because you’re a good guy.”
Bitch.
11. 
Following my unexpected meeting with Elena, I decided to take a nap. I had to wait on my clothes to get washed anyway. Plus, I hadn’t had much sleep as of late.  
I have a sleep strategy—no matter how late I go to bed, I always wake up at the same time, at dawn. I catch up on sleep whenever the opportunity presents itself, but I stick diligently to the routine of waking up at dawn. I had been doing it for so many years now that I didn’t really need an alarm. I didn’t even wear a watch. More often than not, I didn’t even know what time of day it was. I was used to taking my cues from my surroundings.
The night before, I had slept only three hours. I had some resting to do before another meeting with a member of the Arnaudov clan was foisted upon me. I locked the door, crawled into bed and pulled the sheet up over my head. I tried to clear my mind, I felt my body warming up and soon drifted off to sleep. 
Some time later, I woke up to someone knocking on the door. If I had only dozed off for a spell, that was probably Elena at the door, coming back for her money. A longer nap might mean the girl from the reception desk was bringing me my washed and dried clothes. Barber and Iron wouldn’t have bothered knocking.
The noise persisted. I rose, wrapped myself in the towel again and put on my shoes like slippers. I unlocked the door and opened it widely. Before me was the old gentleman who had greeted me at the reception desk the night before. He gave me a smile and nimbly squeezed past me. I checked the corridor for more unwanted guests and closed the door. 
The old man was staring at the bills strewn on the table. I picked them up and dumped them into the table drawer. Still drowsy, I clumsily dropped a few of them on the floor.
“To what do I owe the pleasure?”
“I saw that little viper sneaking out of the hotel.”
“Who are you referring to?”
“You are seeing each other, aren’t you?”
Not even close… But that’s how it is in small towns. People talk.
“We saw each other once or twice.”
“I’m warning you, you’re getting yourself into trouble.”
“Meaning?”
“The little miss is a fornicating intrigant.”
God only knew how he would describe me if he was aware of my whole story. 
“If I were you, I would leave town with the evening bus.”
His words made it sound like there was a morning and a noon bus as well. I was more of the impression that the frequency was once weekly.  
“Why?”
“Because I tell you to.”
For a split second, I imagined myself in real danger. Enemies are after me, they band together on a mission to kill the stranger. They all have a murderous intent. After whacking me, they work on disposing of the body. I imagined they would bury me in the nearest forest. The old man might even get the honor of digging the hole. That would explain why he was so eager to send me away. He was barely standing upright, how would he muster the strength to pick up a shovel… 
“I can take care of myself.”
“I’m sure you can, young mister. But you haven’t heard half of it yet.”
“Is that so?! Help me out then.”
“That’s what I’m trying to do! Pack up and hit the road!”
“OK. Anything else?”
“You’re not going to heed my advice, are you?”
“Why do you say that?”
“Several months ago, I spoke to another young man just like you. He didn’t listen to me and he left town in a coffin.”
“He died?”
“He was killed!”
The old gentleman obviously watched too many crime series before bedtime. His eyes were alight with excitement. 
“Who killed him?”
“The same people who are going to kill you if you don’t pack your bags and go.” 
“What, they just kill people without good reason, as a pastime?”
The old man ignored my quip and started toward the door.
“This town is not for you, young man. Don’t say I didn’t warn you.”
I closed the door behind him and wondered if anyone else would show up. Was going back to bed even worth it? I was already wide awake. I didn’t want to stay in the room. Apparently, the entire town knew where I was staying. Anyone could just stop by. I wouldn’t be surprised to find a queue forming outside. 
There was a bulky landline on the table. I had never used a hotel phone before. The brief instruction told me to dial nine. There were no other options so I pressed the button and waited. 
“Yes?” The girl at the reception desk sounded surprised. That had to be the first time someone called her from one of the hotel rooms. 
“Just checking to see if my clothes are ready.”
“Oh… No… They’re being dried.”
“Can you find me a temporary replacement outfit?”
“What do you mean?”
“Something to wear while my clothes are being dried.”
“Well… I’m sorry, I can’t help you.”
“Come on… Galya! It’s just a pair of pants, a sweater and a jacket. I can’t very well go out wrapped in a towel…”
I’ve noticed that addressing people by their given name helps break the ice. 
“I’ll see what I can do.”
“Thank you.”
She came up to the room three minutes later. She reached across the threshold and handed me a stack of folded clothes the same way someone outside a private bathroom would hand the person inside a roll of toilet paper. Perhaps she was a bit afraid of me. Her friend might have told her a thing or two about me. 
The clothes were nothing fancy, but at least they weren’t too small for me. Actually, they were huge. Galya didn’t have a good eye for measurements. Or maybe that was all she could find. It didn’t matter. I rolled up the pant legs and sweater sleeves and tried the jacket hood on. Before leaving the room, I checked myself out in the mirror. One thing was certain, those clothes would never land me a magazine cover. Except maybe that of Orthodox Sermon—I looked like an ascetic wandering monk. Not wearing socks wasn’t a genius idea in early December, but I had been walking around like that the whole summer and my feet were used to the absence of this constriction.  
Anyone staked outside to watch my every move would think I was wearing a disguise. Laughter bubbled up inside me at that thought. Not an uncommon reaction whenever I look myself in the mirror, actually. 
I remembered the money in the drawer. No one except the old man knew about it. There was no reason to carry it around with me. Twenty bucks would get me through a day in this town with some change to spare. I put the fifties from Kiril Arnaudov into the drawer too. I shoved my personal belongings and the smaller bills into the bottomless pockets of my new pants.
I had barely set foot on the sidewalk when a police car pulled up outside the hotel. Two officers sized me up as if trying to match me with a description they had gotten at the morning briefing. 
One was young and fat, the other one—even younger, scrawny, with a big nose. They looked like schoolboys. Some serious strings had to have been pulled for them to pass the physical at the police academy. 
Ten times out of ten, when I see a police car, I just know the officers inside would want to talk to me. Those two turned out to be not particularly talkative. They just identified themselves and politely stuffed me in the backseat. They didn’t even bother to check me for weapons or to handcuff me. Didn’t ask for my ID. Didn’t ask about my name either. They knew who I was.
12.
The police chief was clearly extremely photogenic. At that photo, she had worn a charming smile, whereas in person she looked much more contained, more reserved. If I were more of a boor, I would say she was ordinary. And if I were a complete ass, I would say she was perfectly plain. If nothing else, she looked young for her age. She was certainly born sooner than me. Still, I was willing to bet she had already celebrated at least thirty-five birthdays. She had probably spent half her adult life in blue uniform. Presently, she was wearing a business suit that did little to hide her slender, shapely form. The woman had hit the gene lottery jackpot. Her movements were smooth and confident. The look in her eyes was that of a winner. A tired winner. Perhaps constantly dealing with people like me had dimmed the sparkle in her eyes. Something in her reminded me of a young Nevena Kokanova.     
I instantly liked her. After all, I had never seen a police chief watering their plants while talking to me. 
“Do you know why you’re here?”
Interviewing tactics had never impressed me. Neither me nor any of the other poor wretches that had kept me company in police stations around the country. In fifteen years of dealing with the law enforcement, I was yet to come across an original approach. My experience consisted entirely of police officers with low IQ, big ego and poor vocabulary. I knew by heart the first dozen or so lines in their schtick as well as the faces those came with. 
“Do you know why you’re here?” the police chief repeated in a firmer tone of voice. 
“I know.”
Bistra Avramova turned to me in surprise. She had probably expected griping. 
“Is that so?”
“My guess is because of the unregistered automatic pistol.”
“What pistol?!” Her eyes flashed and her whole body went rigid. 
“The one I used to kill that man.”
“What man?”
“The man whose body you found in the trunk of that stolen car.”
The woman wasn’t stupid. She saw I was messing with her and that only served to anger her. 
“You think you’re funny?”
“I don’t know what to think anymore.”
“What business do you have in town, Mr. Milev?”
“How do you know my name?”
I expected her to say something like I’m the one asking the questions here or answer the question. Instead, she just smiled in response. That smile made her look at least five years younger. It would have had an even greater effect had it been genuine. 
Actually, I had a pretty good guess how she knew my name. The police love digging this detail up. Bodyguards do this as well. Iron and Barber had likely searched me and found my ID card. From there, my name would have quickly gotten to their boss. Apparently, he had gone and shared it with his mistress. 
“We talked to fellow officers from other police departments in the region,” Bistra Avramova set the record straight, nudging a black-and-white copy of the ticket I had gotten in Botevgrad. “You seem to be popular in these parts.”
“I wasn’t doing anything wrong,” I said, returning her smile. “They were harassing me.” 
“I’m sure they were.”
The police chief put down the watering can and went to sit in the chair behind her desk. She slid two grainy color photos toward me. Images captured by the security camera at the restaurant. One frame showed me and Iron in the exact moment he poured soup over my head. The other showed me and Barber shortly after I had whacked him with the ashtray. I looked comically disproportionate. 
“Were those two harassing you too, Mr. Milev?”
“Why do you ask? You’ve seen the footage…”
“You didn’t answer my first question. What business do you have in Poplarville?”
Looking for trouble. At least, that was what my inner voice insisted. You might have noticed I rarely listen to it. 
“If that’s how you welcome all your guests, no wonder this town isn’t a popular tourist destination.”
“Spare me the witty remarks, Mr. Milev. And answer the questions.”
“What questions?”
I was doing it on purpose. The woman seemed decent, but she was, first and foremost, a police officer. Not to mention a mistress of Kiril Arnaudov. I pictured them in bed and shivered with revulsion. Then I remembered the marks left on Elena’s shoulders and the shivering intensified. 
“What business do you have in town?”
I decided to be honest and tell the truth this time. Although, I had noticed that truth rarely works when it comes to the police. 
“I’m looking for my medallion. A brass shape on a leather cord. It’s a wolf’s head.”
“Stop clowning!”
“I’m not clowning. Two of your fellow Poplarville residents stole it from me last night. But not before…” I pointed to my black left eye. 
Bistra Avramova gave me a long look, tapping the end of a pencil on her desk. I wondered if I had passed her biological lie detector. 
“Can you give descriptions of those people?”
“No need, you’ve seen the footage…”
“What do you mean? Are those two men…”
“Yes.”
“Hold on a second! I didn’t see any of them hit you or take something away from you. Quite the opposite.”
“It was earlier in the evening.”
“What I clearly saw was you knocking each of them down with a single blow. You mean to tell me you just let them take your medallion?”
Since she was Kiril Arnaudov’s mistress, the police chief had to know the whole story. Surely, she had been informed. I had to give it to her, she was playing dumb pretty convincingly. 
“I don’t even know when they took it.”
“So, later you decided to beat them up?”
“I ran into them again by accident. I had no intention of staying in town, then I changed my plans.”
“Why did you come here in the first place?”
“To meet you.”
Bistra Avramova slammed her fist on the table. 
“Stop that!”
“Stop what?”
“Stop it with the ridiculous answers!”
“You stop it with the ridiculous questions.”
The police chief took out a pack of cigarettes and a lighter. She grabbed an ashtray from the far end of the desk and fixed me with a stare.
“As you may have noticed, I like flowers and I take good care of them.”
I didn’t know what to respond to that so I kept my silence. 
“Sometimes even the most well-cared-for flowers get overrun with parasites. Plant lice, acari, larvae… Do you know what I do with those?”
I imagined her—naked, with only an apron on, cooking those insects into a soup—and immediately shivered. 
“I get rid of them. To enjoy my beautiful and healthy flowers, I get rid of all pests without mercy. Left alive, even one of them is enough to ruin everything.”
I couldn’t help but appreciate her metaphor. But I wondered what she meant by get rid of. Was she going to drive me to the parking lot by the main road, just like Kiril Arnaudov had, or take me to the backyard and shoot me in the back of the head? 
Bistra Avramova gazed at me for a little longer, then turned away and pressed some invisible button. The skinny cop with the big nose came in. The chief waved a hand as if to shoo away a fly. 
“I advise you to leave town. Let’s hope we never meet again, Mr. Milev!”
I wondered what was the most heinous crime she had seen in her line of work. I couldn’t decide if running a red light or committing adultery was the best bet. Then again, I was yet to see traffic lights in this town. 
“Nice to meet you too.”
“Now, if you would be so kind as to…”
Her gesture said it all—get lost! She and Kiril Arnaudov must have taken the same etiquette classes. I felt the urge to get on her nerves one last time. On my way out, I remembered I could make a call to Sofia at the expense of the police department. 
“I have the right to one phone call!”
Bistra Avramova went to say something, then reconsidered and shook her head.  
The police officer shoved me out of the room and stuck me in front of a phone placed on a wooden shelf. 
“You have two minutes.”
I dialed a phone number I knew by heart. 
“Hi, Vyara!”
“Emil! Where are you?”
“On my way to Sofia.”
Vyara paused on the other end of the line. For a second, I though the connection might have fallen through, but I could still hear car horns and ambulance sirens in the receiver. The sweet sound of the big city. 
“Hello, are you still there?”
“I’m really sorry, Emo.”
“For what?”
“That job I’d promised you…”
“Yes?”
“Doesn’t seem like it’ll work out.”
“Why?”
“It’s out of my hands. I tried, you know… It’s not my decision.”
In our previous conversations Vyara had sounded differently. Much more enthusiastic. 
“Vyara? Has something happened?”
“No, Emil, it’s not that. I’m just awfully embarrassed because I gave you my word and now…”
“Don’t worry, I’ll manage.”
“I’ll try another place but…”
“No need to do it for now. Thank you.”
“You’re not mad at me, are you?”
“How could you even think that?”
“Because when I promise something…”
“Stop it, Vyara. What’s done is done. I’ll call again.” 
“Good luck, Emo!”
“You too!”
  I hung up and rested my head against the wall. Vyara had arranged for me to work as a chauffeur for some big shot. I was supposed to double as a bodyguard. It was good money. The job also came with free food and a room in the big shot’s house. 
I rarely get mad over a missed opportunity. This was one of those rare instances. I punched the wall and saw the skinny cop reach for his holster. I didn’t want to put him even more on edge so I took a deep breath and made peace with the situation. I would have to figure out something later. 
He carefully pushed me forward, down the corridor and into a mostly empty room with a table and two chairs. Bag of Bones gestured with his nose for me to sit down and walked out, locking the door behind him. That last action was pointless since there was on doorhandle on the inside. 
The place was furnished like an interrogation room. Unless this was some kind of game room for chess and cards. Light filtered through a small window high on the wall. Two lampshades outfitted with energy-efficient bulbs hung from the ceiling. The place was quiet and smelled clean. It was clear the room was rarely used. Even the linoleum floor wasn’t footworn yet.
If you have never been interrogated, you wouldn’t know this. Police officers leave you by yourself for an hour or two. They think that will make you nervous. Then some investigating officer comes in and starts asking the same questions over and over again. They come one after another, then in reverse order, then completely shuffled. The cop promises twenty years of imprisonment… then generously reduces that time to fifteen years. He wants you to confess to things that you would never confess to even if guilty. There’s a bargaining stage. Then he resorts to threats, humiliation, temptation… Small-town cops are rather ham-fisted and even endearing when they try those tactics. I have laughed out loud at some attempts. Some departments are so shorthanded that one officer is forced to play both the good and the bad cop. Anyway, they always tire before me. 
I sat down on one of the chairs and focused my attention on the peeling green door. 
Let’s see. I was beginning to get confused. Bistra Avramova didn’t seem all that well informed about my time in Poplarville. On the one hand, she knew who I was and where I was staying, even though I hadn’t given the hotel staff my ID card. On the other hand, she didn’t know that Barber and Iron had roughed me up before I had gotten the chance to get them back. She had mentioned nothing of my meetings with the Arnaudovs or of the stolen car. She had asked me logical questions and reacted spontaneously to my answers. She didn’t look like a crazy, greedy slut to me. She didn’t look like a sadist capable of tormenting Elena. She wasn’t exactly the Miss Poplarville material that would tempt Kiril Arnaudov. Either Elena had lied to me or Bistra was a sneaky one. Upon further reflection, I decided that there was one thing in Bistra that may have drawn the local feudal lord. The police chief had something he would never possess—class.
13.
I couldn’t have been sitting there for more than fifteen minutes when the door opened and Longnose gestured for me to go out. He led me to the security checkpoint at the entrance and handed me a small envelope I had to sign for. There was one single item inside—a bus ticket to Sofia with a 6 p.m. departure time. 
As a parting gift, Longnose gave me another ticket, of the fine variety, which I tore to pieces and threw into the trash can outside the police station.  
I took a deep breath of damp air and scanned the town square. The hotel was just a hundred paces away. And yet they had brought me to the station in a police car… I turned the opposite way. The bus station was a bit further away—maybe two hundred paces. I decided to check the bus schedule just in case.
The fog had lifted. Students saddled with heavy backpacks were hurrying up and down the streets. It was noon time, then. I should have gotten hungry by now, but my stomach showed no sign of rumbling. 
The building of the bus station was huge, which suggested the transport business in these parts had been thriving years ago. Or more so decades ago, if the peeling plaster was any indication. Now, the place had a lone ticket window operating. The massive clock wasn’t among the things working. As it turned out, buses departed Poplarville three times a day. Every day. 
“Do you need anything, young man?”
I leaned closer to the ticket window, behind which a woman was reading a newspaper with screaming headlines. 
“May I change the date of this ticket to tomorrow?”
The woman took the ticket and examined it. She examined me next, then ran her fingers over the piece of paper as if verifying the authenticity of a bill. She picked up a pen and adjusted her glasses.
“You may. What time?”
“No need yet, I was just checking. I haven’t decided yet.”
She sighed and gave me my ticket back. 
“Come back when you make up your mind. Just make sure it’s before half past five in the afternoon.”
I nodded and straightened up. 
“Young man!”
“Yes, what is it?”
“You’re not from around here.”
It wasn’t a question. It sounded more like an observation, as if she thought to inform me of this fact. 
“No, I’m not.”
“A piece of advice—if you find yourself in a place with one town sign, run like the devil.”
Why did everyone in Poplarville insist on politely banishing me? Was that some twisted form of awkward self-deprecation? 
“I’ll keep that in mind.”
The woman shut the opening in the ticket window and returned to her newspaper reading. 

The parking lot outside the bus station was empty. If one didn’t count the limousine with the beige leather interior. I pretended not to see it but the glitzy vehicle followed me. As the limo caught up to me, the back window slid halfway down to reveal the square face of Kiril Arnaudov. 
“Kiss off! We meet again.”
I didn’t bother responding. I kept walking down the sidewalk as the car kept pace with me. 
“I see you’ve decided to stay.”
A man my age stared at me as we passed each other but then he saw the limo and quickly turned away.
“Come on, hop in. We’ll take you to the hotel.”
I stopped and looked at Arnaudov. The limo came to a halt too. The back door swung open in invitation, but I made no move to accept it. If he wanted to talk to me, he would have to come out of his dark lair. 
The front door swung open too and out came the beefy fella with the eyebrow scar. He didn’t so much got out of the car as unfolded. Like some inflatable doll. In two seconds, I was sitting next to Kiril Arnaudov. 
“You think I wouldn’t recognize you in these ridiculous clothes?”
Somehow, I had known it would happen that way all along. I was in no mood to explain myself, though. Plus, I didn’t think they had followed me to discuss my choice of clothing. 
“My daughter came to you this morning.”
I remained silent, waiting to see where he was going with this. His daughter didn’t have the vibe of a virgin, so I doubted he was here to read me the riot act for seeing her, as the old gentleman had put it back at the hotel. 
“She left you a large sum of money.”
And here I had thought that anything less than four zeroes behind a number didn’t qualify as a large sum of money for Kiril Arnaudov. 
“She took it without asking. I have no idea why she came to you or what she bargained with you for. I don’t care really.”
“Actually, Elena wanted me to…”
“Give me my money back.”
I glanced at the bus ticket in my hand and shrugged my shoulders. On the one hand, I wanted to get out of Poplarville, a sentiment likely shared by at least half of the local residents. On the other hand, I was no longer in a rush to get to Sofia. The news from Vyara had put my return on the backburner. Plus, I don’t like unfinished business.        
“It’s in my room. Go up there and get it.” 
My swarthy companion scratched his head and nodded. 
“We’ll all go up there together.”
Galya was surprised to see us. She started saying something, then turned shy and blushed. It was probably not the best time to ask her about my clothes. I winked at her to let her know everything was fine. But she was so distressed that she didn’t even notice. We went up to the room—I, Kiril Arnaudov and his bodyguard. The other guy had stayed in the car.
My clothes were laid out on the bed. Washed and dried… and to my surprise, ironed. The missing coat button had been replaced with a new one. It wasn’t identical, but… Nice girl, that Galya. I couldn’t wait to change back into my clothes.    
Kiril Arnaudov pushed me a little. I have noticed that when people like him start getting impatient, nothing good comes out of it. To speed up his departure, I got straight to the point. I pulled the drawer open and dumped its contents onto the tabletop. Wooden chips and dust sprinkled the smooth surface. 
The money was gone. 
I had had this sort of feeling only once before. Many years ago, I came home from work to find that my wife had moved out. She hadn’t even left a note. 
I checked the underside of the table as if the bills could have somehow gotten stuck there. I even looked under the carpet even though it was obvious—someone had taken the money while I was gone. 
“It’s not here.”
Kiril Arnaudov bristled. 
“What do you mean?”
“Someone took it.”
At some invisible signal, the beefy fella went to work. He searched every nook and cranny of the room—he opened and inspected every closet, cabinet and drawer; rummaged through the built-in minibar; peeked into the toilet tank and even the toilet bowl; felt the door edges and the windowsills; went out onto the balcony and checked the pots of withered flowers… To no avail. 
The money was gone. At least the guy was acting with restraint—he wasn’t making a mess or breaking stuff. That told me the hotel was really owned by Kiril Arnaudov.       
The presumed owner threw me a murderous look. There was no sign of his evangelical positivism. 
“Where’s my money?”
How strange. 
The night before, he had given me five hundred bucks to shut me up and make me leave town. He had done it the way most people pick up a small bill at the bar—casually, nonchalantly. Now he looked ready to lose his mind over five thousand. 
He had done an acting job in one of those two instances. I just didn’t know which one. 
“Out!”
I wished I could put on my own clothes, but I didn’t suppose he would wait for me. So, I let that part go and started moving. The big fella grabbed me by my elbow just in case. Galya wasn’t at the reception desk. Perhaps she was hiding in the dark room behind it, writing another note for me, with even more exclamation marks.  
The sun had already broken through the sticky fog. Not that I got the chance to enjoy it. The bulky fella stuffed me in the car, took a seat beside me and blindfolded me. This time, Kiril Arnaudov opted to sit in the front passenger seat. 
A blindfold! Just like in the good old days. These people never ceased to disappoint me. They were truly stuck in the last century. I felt like laughing out loud and jumping out of the car while it was still moving. 
My hands weren’t tied so I removed the blindfold and tossed it onto the seat. The big fella grumbled something unintelligible. I pretended not to hear him. 
“Friends shouldn’t keep secrets from each other. I know where we’re going anyway.”
Kiril Arnaudov turned to have a good look at me then, probably deciding he had nothing to hide, gave a barely perceptible sign to the beefy fella and said nothing. I didn’t know that for sure, but I had the feeling we were going to the barn again. I just hoped Beavis and Butt-Head weren’t waiting for us there. I doubted they had been pardoned and rehabilitated so quickly. After all, they had lost Elena, gone rogue and tortured me without reason, then gotten their asses kicked. For such sins, they had to stay in the doghouse for at least three days.
14. 
“Kiss off!”
I was beginning to get sick of this local expression. 
Iron stood before me, cheesing and practically rubbing his hands in anticipation. I reckoned he was getting warmed up for our conversation. His left cheekbone was swollen and purple. The conversation promised to be unpleasant. Further into the room, I caught sight of the wiry back of my other buddy—Barber. He was sitting slightly hunched, his attention on something on the table. Once again, he reminded me of a servant polishing the silverware. 
So, Kiril Arnaudov had wasted no time reinstating them to their positions. Apparently, he wasn’t spared the problem of being undermanned too. I had been wrong to jump to conclusions. 
Come to think of it, I had been wrong about the barn too. True, the structure was located somewhere out of town but not on a farm—it was on the grounds of a deserted small airport. In other words, it was a hangar. Perhaps years ago, agricultural aircrafts took to the air from that spot to spray herbicides, insecticides and fungicides. It must have been a very long time ago, judging by the tall bushes that had sprouted out of the cracks between the concrete panels of the runway. The buildings around it had been reduced to piles of bricks. I figured it had been some time since the airport was last busy. At least since the use of DDT  got banned, if I had to guess.  
A hangar, not a barn. 
Not that it mattered much what it was. Let me tell you—when you’re sitting on a rickety chair with your arms and legs tied, while a sadist and a mountain of a man plot your demise, for a second time no less, you don’t particularly care whether the correct term for the scene of your predicament is barn or hangar. 
I didn’t have much faith in the two bruisers. Imagination was unlikely to be among their strong suits. I braced for a second serving of the same brand of torture I had been subjected to the night before. Some blows, a little blood, incessant repeating of the same question. The night before, Barber had constantly asked “Who”, maybe this time he would switch to “Where”, as in “Where have you hidden the money?”
At least this time around I was dressed, wearing the ridiculous clothes Galya had loaned me. The second difference was that the place had grown far less spacious. Cardboard boxes were stacked along the walls, from floor to ceiling. Hundreds, maybe thousands of unmarked boxes. There could be anything from packs of sugar to stuffed bears and CDs inside. The third difference manifested itself in the presence of Kiril Arnaudov. 
“Where is the money?” 
I had dealt with rich people before. I knew how they looked at money. They pinch pennies and spend their time making more. They enjoy profits and struggle to get over losses. They don’t lend money. They are tight-fisted and superstitious. A little whacky by my standards, but not enough to flip over five thousand bucks. 
A man like Kiril Arnaudov wouldn’t get so worked up about a trivial sum of money. He would have his henchmen pummel me, even maim me to set an example, but he would never make such a fuss about it. Not for a measly five grand. His suit alone was worth more than that. Perhaps his weekly expenses on cigars and whiskey were more than that. He didn’t need the money, at all. Plus, it was highly likely that one of his people had taken it from my hotel room. No, this wasn’t about him getting his money back. It was about using the missing money as an instrument of extortion. A way to make me do something I didn’t want to do. 
“You like stealing stuff, huh? Stealing from me!”
Unlike his daughter or his mistress, Kiril Arnaudov was a bad actor. 
“I left it in the drawer.”
“Do I look like a fool to you?”
Honestly, yes. But it wouldn’t do me any good to tell him that. He had too big of an ego to handle the truth or see the funny side of things. 
As I said before, the process of extracting information is like a dance. When the bone of contention is missing money, the code of conduct says the interrogation should take place at the site of the incident. If he was so worried about his money, Kiril Arnaudov would have interrogated me back in the hotel room. He wouldn’t be doing this poor acting job in some barn or hangar or whatever. 
But he wouldn’t know that. He was an amateur in interrogating people. I, on the other hand, was a professional. 
“Fine. I hid it.”
“Where?”
“I’ll tell you if we talk in private.”
By agreeing to my condition, he would show weakness in front of his subordinates but he would also get his money back. By not agreeing to my condition, he would preserve his image intact but show indifference toward the missing money. On the other hand, he had to know I was talking nonsense, that I hadn’t touched the money. That could explain why he looked a bit perplexed. 
Well, he might not know much about conducting an interrogation, but he obviously had impeccable business acumen because he seemed to realize quickly that my next words would not be for the ears of his bodyguards. He sent them away with yet another barely perceptible gesture. They seemed attuned to his every wish. The sheet-metal door slammed shut behind them.
“Well?” 
I already knew what kind of service Elena wanted to by with the five grand in cash. I was eager to find out what her father was after. 
“Be straight with me, Mr. Arnaudov.”
“As you wish. The last person who stole money from never got the chance to leave this town.”
“Let’s not waste each other’s time, huh? Just say what you want from me.”
“I told you last night but you didn’t listen to me. And now…”
“Mr. Arnaudov!”
I rarely raise my voice. I don’t look like someone in the habit of raising his voice. Maybe that’s why no one takes me seriously. 
“What?”
“I asked you to get to the point.”
“Tell me where my money is.”
“I see that I’ve overestimated you. Call back your bruisers and let’s get down to business.”
Arnaudov pulled up an empty chair and sat down before me. Maybe he was finally ready to accept that his act was fooling no one. He stared intently at me as if trying to measure me, to see if I was worth the bother. I reckoned his conclusion was yes because the forbidding lines of his face suddenly softened into the evangelical expression of contentment I had seen the night before.
“You seem an intelligent man.”
I wished I could say the same about him!
“You’ve learned by now that nothing in this town happens without my approval. I dictate everything in Poplarville. No one has ever dared to challenge my authority. Even dogs know better than to bark when I walk down the street.”
Kiril Arnaudov took a deep breath and gazed at the overhanging lampshades. 
“I’m powerful. I’m more powerful than you think. I can make you disappear in seconds. Without a trace. Believe me, no one local would even remember you coming to town. If anyone bothered to open an investigation and ask questions, that is.”
I couldn’t argue that point. After all, he was in bed with the police chief, quite literally at times… 
“I’ll admit, I don’t mind the idea of you disappearing. Ever since you came, you’ve been a thorn in my side. Plus, the boys outside are itching to end you. Looking at you, it wouldn’t be much of a loss for the nation. One pauper fewer, not a big deal!”
I listened patiently as he got closer and closer to the “but” part. 
“But I’m not that petty. I even have my moments of magnanimity. So, I’ll give you a second chance.”
“Hallelujah!”
I couldn’t help myself. 
Kiril Arnaudov’s eyes bore into me as if he was wondering if he had made a mistake giving me a second chance. 
“I’ll forget about the five thousand. I’ll pretend that episode never happened. Five thousand bucks shouldn’t make two men enemies of each other. I have enough enemies as it is. I’d rather have friends. And friends do favors for each other, right?”
The question was obviously rhetorical so I had no intention of answering. Although it seemed my companion expected different. 
“Do me a favor and we’ll call it even.”
“What do you want from me, Mr. Arnaudov?”
“My daughter is the only truly precious thing in my life. Everything else—the hotel, the trucks, the shops, the house—means nothing compared to her. I could give them up tomorrow without batting an eyelid.”
He had me on the verge of tears. 
“But if something happens to her… I shudder to think.”
By my count, we had already lost about six minutes with his utter nonsense.
“She’s seeing someone.”
Apparently, that was the popular term around these parts. 
“She has been seeing someone for some time now, and I can’t find out who that person is.”
I didn’t know that anything could stay a secret in a small town like this. Plus, I saw nothing wrong with a young woman seeing someone. I had no doubt Elena’s father viewed all her suitors as dolts and losers, but… 
“What’s the big deal? Why shouldn’t she be seeing someone?”
“What’s the big deal?! You saw the state she was in last night. This happens every week. And every time is worse than the one before.”
“Why don’t you ask her?”
“It’s hard for me to talk with her. She keeps denying everything and blaming me.”
His story jibed with what Elena had told me that morning. Those two were in dire need of a therapist, some family counseling. 
“What does she blame you for?”
“She was in a bad way last night. Thankfully, Dr. Belchev is good at his job. I don’t know what he gave her, but she got better in no time. I tried to talk to her after that. I truly did. But… She tried to sell me yet another lie. She said she’d run into drunk drivers, they tried to… whatever they tried, then you showed up and chased them away… Baloney! She blamed me for all of it.”
Kiril Arnaudov stood up and put his hands on the back of the chair. 
“I know that someone who hates my guts is behind this. Someone who hates me but is not man enough to confront me, so he is taking his anger out on my daughter.”
The white of his eyes was no longer swarthy. It had reddened. 
“Sooner or later, I’ll get him. I’ll tear his arms out! One by one.”
“Is this what you want from me? To find out who your daughter is seeing?”
“And bring him to me. Dead or alive.”
“What makes you think I’ll be able to do that? You have professionals working for you and they haven’t managed to ferret him out.”
I stressed the word professionals. I don’t like taking shots at people, but I like being made a fool of even less.  
“They are morons. You’ve taken their measure already. Solid and loyal guys, yes, but not much brainpower between the lot of them.”
“And I’m an intelligent guy, huh?”
“That and you don’t have an alternative.”
He must have heard that word on TV. 
“I would need to follow Elena day and night.”
“I won’t hear of this! If she finds out you’re following her, she’ll trick you. Or she’ll lay low and stay in the house for weeks. She can be very clever. You won’t be following her or asking around.”
Poplarville gave the impression of a peaceful and quiet small town. It looked downright sleepy at first glance. Apparently, complicated relationships bubbled beneath the surface, invisible to the untrained eye. I wouldn’t be surprised if Bistra Avramova hired me to spy Kiril Arnaudov by the end of the day. 
“Do we have a deal?”
“What deal?”
“You bring me the bastard and I let you go on your merry way.”
“OK. Five thousand.”
“What?”
“It’ll cost you five thousand.”
“What will?”
“That’s how much I charge friends.”
“A bit impertinent of you, isn’t it? You just stole five grand from me, which you can’t hope to return, and now you want another five grand?”
“Like you said, I have no alternative.”
Kiril Arnaudov started pacing the room like a caged tiger. 
“OK. I’ll pay you. My daughter is more precious to me than anything. But if you fail, I’ll feed you to the dogs.”
“Why should I trust you?”
“Excuse me?”
“What is to stop you from using me, not paying me and feeding me to the dogs at the end anyway?”
Kiril Arnaudov’s face turned a darker shade of swarthy. I figured that was him growing red with indignation. 
“Because I give you my word.”
I had no idea whether Kiril Arnaudov’s word was worth anything, but I truly didn’t have an alternative at that moment. I’m used to taking the pessimistic view of things. Every proposal can be interpreted at least two different ways. The bald businessman with a loving heart articulated the following message find him and I’ll let you go. But what I heard was blow me off and you’re a dead man. 
He had no real reason to kill me. Although, he could still decide to have some fun at my expense. He and his solid, loyal morons. Especially Barber.
“So be it. We have a deal.”
Kiril Arnaudov said nothing, simply extended a hand to shake on the deal. But I wasn’t done yet. I like to strike while the iron is hot. 
“I’ll need some things to get started.”
“I’m listening.”
His patience was wearing thin. I knew that feeling. But if he wanted to hire me, he was going to have to accept at least some of my conditions. The bills he had given me as compensation for the harassment I had experienced at the hands of his hounds were now gone along with the rest of the money. The cash I had on me could buy me a pair of socks and nothing more. 
“First, you’ll have to find the five thousand. Someone stole the money from me not knowing it was yours. I believe that person will realize their grave mistake when they learn the truth. I want to return the money to Elena personally. Second, I’ll need payment in advance, for pocket money. Third, I’ll need a place to stay. That hotel is too expensive for me.” 
Kiril Arnaudov gave me a barely perceptible nod. Perhaps I had already learned to read his gestures. 
He untied my arms and legs and led me out of the hangar. He left me with the bulky fellas and walked away to make about a dozen calls on his cell phone. He paced the weedgrown concrete the entire time. I couldn’t hear what he was saying but his tone of voice was unmistakable—Kiril Arnaudov was tearing into people. I felt lucky that he was relatively calm and rational with me. 
He gestured for us to get into the car and did us the honor of driving back to town himself.  
The outskirts of Poplarville would never make a travel guide. They were that non-descript. The landscape was dominated by farmland. Fields, already or waiting to be ploughed, stretched south all the way to the horizon and north—to the steep bank of the Danube River. The ground rippled in big, soft waves. Lonely, leafless trees dotted the trough lines here and there. More trees flanked the road, bunched in small, sparse groves. We could just as well be in the Deliorman  or the Yambol area. The sky was the only characteristic that distinguished this place from the other two. I had never seen anything like it before. It was vast—flat and endless. It seemed much lower than usual and way more expansive. Even the frumpy clouds looked flat as if cut out of paper and pinned to the sky. It was a mesmerizing scenery, though my pleasure in it was tampered by the presence of unpleasant people all around me. The beefy fella with the eyebrow scar was sitting diagonally from me in the back, not taking his eyes off of me. He had the dullest look in his eyes. His partner seemed much more disinterested.
15. 
Kiril Arnaudov didn’t get me a discount on the price of the hotel room but he paid my stay there for the next five days. He handed me another wad of ten fifties and a plain envelope with the number five written on it with a pen. He had taken all this money out of the glove compartment. The banks around here had to work once in a blue moon for him to keep so much cash on hand.   
Before leaving, he shook my hand and patted my shoulder in encouragement. 
“Trying to trick me would not be a good idea. I have people all the way to Sofia.”
Honestly, it hadn’t even crossed my mind. But I decided to return the jab. 
“You have my word.”
Kiril Arnaudov handed me his business card.
“Give me a call when you have news.” 
Gold lettering on a black background. I expected nothing less. 
We stood in the hotel lobby watching each other like old friends, or at least business partners. Arnaudov had barely left when I tore the card to pieces and threw those in the reception-desk ashtray before the shocked blue eyes of Galya. I felt the urge to startle her with a sharp clap and a shout of “Ha!”, but she would probably just start stammering. 
I went up to my room and finally changed into my own clothes. I was most glad to see the boxer briefs and the socks. For months, I had dressed without much care, but that was when I was still living by the sea. Plus, it had been a warm autumn. 
My skin was covered in goosebumps by the time I got dressed. The balcony door was slightly ajar, just as Arnaudov’s henchman had left it after searching the place. I shut the door and pulled the curtain closed. I folded the huge pants, the sweater and the jacket and returned them to Galya. 
“Is there a nearby place I could have lunch?”
As if it was physically possible for something in Poplarville to be far away… The girl was still staring at me as if I had come back from the hereafter. 
“The hotel restaurant offers a wide variety of dishes and à la minutes. You can choose from a classical menu or one of traditional Bulgarian cuisine. You can also order room service.”   
She sounded as rehearsed as a tour guide. Or better yet, a schoolgirl reciting her part of the end-of-year school celebration—with her hands behind her back, swaying side to side. It dawned on me that I had seen her somewhere before. Ah, yes—her photo was in the picture dictionary, next to the word innocence.      
“Would you please show me the way?”
Galya gestured for me to precede her and we headed for the restaurant. She walked me to an enormous hall and retreated shyly. The place was too big. Even the Sunny Beach hotel where I had last worked wasn’t designed with such flair. I reckoned that was Poplarville’s only venue for weddings, birthdays and corporate events. Maybe that photo of Bistra Avramova had been taken here. 
I chose a table among a grove of palm trees and hibiscus plants by the window. An inexperienced waiter would need a compass to find me. 
The chicken soup in that roadside restaurant had tasted better. Maybe I had just been hungrier then. As I watched the empty streets through the restaurant windows, I tried to make sense of the situation.
Elena wanted me to kill Bistra Avramova. Bistra Avramova insisted that I should leave town. Kiril Arnaudov demanded that I find the jackass who was hurting his daughter. Elena wanted me to believe that person was actually the police chief. But the police chief didn’t look like a sadist to me. 
I got even more confused. There had to be some other logic explaining the interconnectedness between my new acquaintances. For starters, I had to stick to facts, although it was hard to separate them from the flurry of pure impressions. 
Elena had been drugged, beaten and tortured. Someone local had done this to her. Kiril Arnaudov was trying to find that person. Bistra Avramova was the police chief. All four of these individuals knew each other. They had to. I couldn’t be sure of anything else. 
Maybe I needed help. Someone well-versed in the local ways, preferably immune to gossiping and unafraid of ghosts. I needed a solid partner—an ally, not a person who would badger me to flee town. Finding that person would be problematic so I decided to manage on my own for now. 
I wanted to take a good look at Kiril Arnaudov’s house in the light of day, especially the nearby alleys, and find a stakeout spot. I had been expressly forbidden from following Elena but no one had said anything about watching her. I wanted to know what daddy’s girl did every singe minute of the day, especially at nighttime.
I didn’t need a car. A weapon wasn’t on my list either. I have one principle when it comes to weapons—I don’t use any. I never carry handguns, knives, bows or tomahawks or any of that stuff. I don’t like making decisions while armed. if the situation is dire, I improvise and make use of whatever is available. He who yields the tool is more important than the tool itself. 
I have another principle, as well. It is particularly applicable whenever I find myself in a strange city. And that is: if I manage to survive the first twenty-four hours without using a weapon, I can get through twenty-four days the same way. It hadn’t been twenty-four hours since my arrival in Poplarville but my intuition told me the worst was already behind me.   
I snuck to the reception desk without drawing the attention of Galya. She was killing time on her cell phone and didn’t even sense my presence. So, anyone could go up to my room, take whatever they like and come back down without Galya noticing. If she was even at the reception desk and not in the restaurant or the mysterious room in the back. 
“Has anyone been here while I was away?”
Galya jumped in surprise, dropping the phone. She pressed one hand to her chest and gave me a startled look. 
“You scared the hell out of me!”
Her phone took up half the countertop. It could easily be mistaken for a plasma TV. 
“Have you seen anyone go up to the second floor today?”
“Well… Just you… and Mr. Arnaudov.”
“Are you sure? Someone might have snuck by you.”
“I would’ve seen them. For sure.”
“Where does Elena live?”
Galya got flustered and blushed. She reminded me of a schoolgirl caught smoking in the restroom. All she was missing was the school uniform. 
“I don’t know.”
“Galya… I’m pretty sure you know where Elena lives. Poplarville is no Sofia.”
For some reason, she was reluctant to divulge that information. Was it because of Elena or her father? Or perhaps it was for the sake of my safety, which was quickly becoming a concern for the entire town. 
“Ask Mr. Arnaudov.”
“Mr. Arnaudov told me to come to you if I need anything. He said he has complete trust in you.”
“Did he really?”
I simply nodded. Galya made a face as if she had been caught cheating in a test from the kid in front. 
“Their house is on the main street. Once outside, go left.”
“Is there a number or a sign or some other distinctive feature?”
“Distinctive feature, you say… It stands out, all right. You won’t miss it.”
My mind was suddenly flooded with images of towers, embrasures and balustrades. Perhaps a peacock or two strutting on a manicured lawn. 
“Is it far away?”
“Not really. Like you said, Poplarville is no Sofia.”
She was a nice girl. I reached out and caressed her cheek. Galya blushed again. This time she looked like a schoolgirl caught masturbating in the teachers’ room. 
I left the hotel, but turned right contrary to her instruction. I wanted to test a theory. I walked around the building and ended up on the back alley. As the old gentleman had told me, the second-story balcony was not particularly high above the ground. Anyone could easily climb up there, a task made that much easier by the pile of firewood underneath.
16.
I went back to the town square and considered the streets branching out of it. I had entered Poplarville from the east side. That way lay factories, warehouses and the rusty bus shelter. Somewhere beyond them was the parking lot with the gas station, the small roadside restaurants and the motel. The main road to Sofia was also in that direction. I turned and headed west. 
I reached the end of the town in six minutes. The asphalt gave way to paving blocks. I was yet to see a house that stood out. That was because I had been looking for a house, when I should have been keeping an eye out for a castle. I slowed down but kept walking to avoid seeming suspicious. I was going for the look of a tourist who had wound up at the end of the road without meaning to.
The road disappeared behind a wrought-iron gate. I had no memory of seeing it the night before. Of course, I wouldn’t have seen it. I had spent the last minutes of my ride to Kiril Arnaudov’s home cleaning the blood off my face, straining my neck toward the rearview mirror, too busy to look out the car windows. 
To my great disappointment, the castle didn’t have towers, embrasures or balustrades. The building boasted a rather restrained architectural style. What it lacked in flair, it made up for in size. My guess was the sun rose over the east wing three minutes before its rays touched the west wing. Not that I was an expert in astronomy, just ballparking it. The house definitely looked imposing. Left alone inside, one could perish of exhaustion searching for the exit. Kiril Arnaudov truly needed a therapist. 
On the other side of the gate stood a small cabin, probably built for the security detail. I was in no mood to explain my presence outside the castle, so I plastered myself against the nearest tree and surveyed the landscape. Any spot on the street would provide a good vantage point for surveillance of Kiril Arnaudov’s home. The problem was I would be in the direct line of sight of his security team. An impenetrable thicket stretched to the north of the fencing, a penetrable one lay to the south. The good news was that some fifty meters  away from the windowed south side of the house, among the bushes, stood the unfinished concrete frame of yet another product of man’s massive ego. I couldn’t dream of a more perfect stakeout spot. I was going to come back at nightfall. But first, I had to get a pair of binoculars. I did a smooth U-turn and headed back. I hoped and prayed that no one had seen me. For better or worse, I didn’t meet a single soul on my way to or back from the house. 
It turned out that the gun store didn’t sell guns. It offered a limited choice of fishing rods, cartridges, gunpowder and hunting clothing. The list of items was completed by catalogues, magazines and books. Plus, one compass. I decided to play dumb and ask anyway. The salesman adjusted his glasses and unlocked a large metal safe I hadn’t noticed earlier. It contained enough knives, shotguns and handguns to arm an entire company. There was a pair of binoculars too. 
“That’ll be twenty-five bucks,” the salesman said, placing the binoculars on the countertop before me. His eyes studied me carefully. I probably looked nothing like a hunter to him. 
That particular pair of binoculars didn’t seem like a hunting gear either. It was more suited to the theatre or the opera. I wondered about the cultural scene of Poplarville. I hadn’t spotted any posters for exhibitions, concerts or theatre shows. 
The numbers on the binoculars indicated magnification of ten. To me, that meant it would actually magnify the observed object by a factor of two. So, if I watched Elena’s house from fifty meters away, it would seem twenty-five meters away. 
“Do you have a more expensive one?”
The salesman gave me a tired look, adjusted his glasses one more time and opened another safe. It contained mostly handguns. I caught a glimpse of the price tag of one—four thousand bucks. So, there were people in this town willing to shell out on weapons.
The second pair of binoculars cost fifty bucks and had an actual capability of bringing you five times closer to the subject of surveillance. That was good enough for me. I shoved it in my coat pocket and left a fifty on the countertop. I thought about getting a couple of flares—for kicks and giggles—but quickly rejected the idea. 
It was getting dark outside and I was yet to find a sidekick. My acquaintances in town didn’t exactly represent a promising pool of candidates. No one inspired confidence. It seemed I would have to rely on luck. 
It was getting cold. The biting wind made me shiver. I was actually glad for it because it meant a clear sky, or at least no fog. Trying to peek in people’s homes through thick fog was no one’s idea of fun. 
The temperature was bound to fall below zero  by midnight. I was going to need warm clothes if I didn’t want to freeze my ass off while studying the nocturnal habits of Elena Arnaudova. I looked around. Even if I found a place that was still open, it would probably be a thrift shop. I had nothing against second-hand clothes, but I had rarely found items that both fit me and suited my tastes. So, I resorted to a tried-and-tested strategy—I bought a bottle of brandy.
Stakeouts are lonely. You sit there for hours while nothing is happening. It is always either cold and windy or stiflingly hot. So, you are either sweating or shivering. Your feet get numb, your hands grow stiff, your eyes start to hurt from peering… The interesting part—the one that makes going through that tedious experience worth it—rarely lasts more than two minutes. Just like with sex… If there is an interesting part. Just like with sex. Sometimes all your troubles are for naught. My personal record is eight straight days of nothing. On the ninth day, I finally saw what I had been waiting for so patiently. Then I received the most brutal beating of my life. I was only ten at the time and those five or six slaps seemed like the end of the world to me.
Stakeouts require dedication and absolute peace of mind. They say the hours go by faster in company. Personally, I had always preferred to do my job alone. 
A large bus rumbled up the main street. Its headlights flashed like the crossed eyes of an ancient stray dog. Instinctively, I felt for the ticket in my pocket. The woman at the bus station had told me to change the date before half past five. If the bus had already departed, it had to be after six o’clock. My hands suddenly itched to wave down the bus and get on it. By the time anyone in Poplarville realized what was happening, I would be in Vratsa. But what if I was being followed, watched? It didn’t matter anyway. I wasn’t the type to run. 
On my way into the hotel, I ran into Galya. She was standing by the door, dressed in a down jacket. She had a ski hat on and a messenger bag slung across her shoulder. She held a large plastic bag—her way of carrying around that humongous phone of hers, no doubt. 
I was sure she was dying to tell me a whole lot of things. I thought about asking her to have a drink with me, but I quickly abandoned the idea. For one, being seen with me couldn’t be good for her general well-being. Poplarville was a small town, gossip spread fast. Plus, it couldn’t possibly be good for my well-being either. That guy with the eyebrow scar might turn out to be the jealous type. 
I held the door for Galya. She thanked me and wished me a nice evening. I couldn’t help myself. 
“Are you really friends with Elena?”
“Excuse me?!”
“Elena told me you are friends. Is that true?”
Galya was standing to the side of the hotel entrance so the lobby lights barely reached her. I still noticed her blushing. 
“Friends? How dare she…”
“Does she even have friends?”
Galya said nothing. It was clear Elena Arnaudova was an unpleasant topic for her. Perhaps they had had arguments in the past—over a boy or something. Galya didn’t have the glamorous beauty of Elena, which managed to hypnotize me every time I saw her. But she was still a pretty girl whose beauty promised to blossom over the years. Come to think of it, the two shared some resemblance. It was the eyes. Their eyes were identically crystal clear and piercing, so much so that a casual observer could think them sisters. Not I, though. 
Galya took a deep breath and surveyed the empty sidewalk.
“I don’t want to talk about it.”
“All right. I actually meant to ask if Elena has a boyfriend. Is she going out with someone…”
“If she is, I don’t care.”
The girl fixed the strap of her messenger bag and started down the sidewalk. Her silhouette disappeared into the cold darkness gathering under the weak streetlamps. I waited for her to turn the corner and went into the hotel. The old man had taken Galya’s place behind the reception desk. The personnel seemed undermanned here too. I expected him to scowl at the sight of me—since I hadn’t followed his advice to leave Poplarville—but he wasn’t even surprised to see me. He must have talked to his younger colleague and learned that I was still in town. He probably knew that I had had another meeting with Kiril Arnaudov as well. To use a metaphor from one of his beloved crime dramas, I was walking down the deceptively comfortable path to hell. 
“Good evening!” I stopped to shake his hand.   
“Hello, young mister!”
It occurred to me that etiquette dictated I should introduce myself first. That gentleman seemed positively steeped in old-fashioned manners. 
“My name is Emil.”
“Nice to meet you! I’m Ignatov.”
The old man reached out a bony hand. We shook hands and it finally hit me that this man was too old to work. Someone his age was supposed to enjoy a modest pension, tend to a neat vegetable garden and two or three beehives, play chess with his peers in the park. Instead, he was working night shifts at the reception desk. Not that it was a ton of work—I was yet to see other guests—but it was tiring all the same. Back in the Sunny Beach hotel, the reception desk was manned exclusively by young people, two and three at a time. 
My interest was piqued.    
But that conversation would have to wait. I had a night shift of my own ahead of me. I wanted to have a good rest before that. Perhaps have something to eat. 
“What time does the hotel restaurant close, Mr. Ignatov?”
“Once the last customer has left.”
By that logic, it was already closed. 
“What if there are no customers?”
“Ten o’clock. Today it may stay open past midnight.”
Because it was Friday, I assumed. Actually, I had no idea what day of the week it was. It could have just as well been Tuesday. Mr. Ignatov elaborated: 
“It’s Dr. Belchev’s name day. He has invited half the town as usual.”
The name rang a bell. Someone had mentioned it to me recently. Ah, yes. The doctor who had treated Elena Arnaudova. Apparently, he was the pre-eminent figure of the local medical community, probably a personal friend of Kiril Arnaudov as well. It followed that the local feudal lord would attend the party. Elena? Unlikely. If I were her, I would run off to indulge in forbidden pleasures the moment daddy left the house. If I went to the Arnaudov castle, I might miss her or uncover interesting details. With a bit of luck, I might be able to follow her. It was also very possible that the entire surveillance thing could prove an abject failure from the very first night. 
“I’m going to take a nap. May I have a wake-up call at nine?”
The old gentleman nodded and wrote my request down. I thanked him and went up to my room. I filled the bathtub with hot water and got in it. I took a deep breath and completely submerged myself. I held my breath as long as I could—until my ears rang and dark circles danced before my eyes. I went up for air then. After going through this exercise three times, I felt as if I had done a five-kilometer run. That routine was probably killing my lungs and depriving thousands of brain cells of oxygen, but it was the easiest and fastest way I knew to make myself fall asleep. 
Exhausted, I climbed out of the tub and dragged myself to the bed. I dried myself, slipped under the sheets and tried to take a nap.
17.
The phone rang almost immediately. My eyes flew open and I shot up in bed. The polite gentleman at the reception desk informed me that it was nine o’clock. I had slept for two and a half hours, even though it seemed like no more than a minute had gone by. I felt fresh and full of energy. I ordered dinner from room service—cabbage salad, yellow cheese fried in egg and bread crumbs, and coffee. 
When it comes to food choices, I have only one principle—I eat simple stuff that can’t possibly be botched. 
I did some exercises, dressed and went out on the balcony. Just as I had thought, the door had handles on both sides. If someone wanted to avoid going by the reception desk, they could easily climb the pile of firewood, get over the balcony railing, open the door and walk into the room. From there, it was a quick work to get the money from the drawer and go back the same way. The windows of the houses next door were lit. There had to have been someone home that morning in at least one of them. Someone had seen a strange person sneaking in through the balcony. I could go door to door, asking questions, but that seemed like a lost cause. The money was already gone.  
The sounds of folk music floated up from the restaurant downstairs, interrupting my thoughts. I went back inside in time to hear a knock at the door. Mr. Ignatov was there with my dinner. I ate my food unhurriedly and downed the cold coffee in one gulp. I put on my coat and buttoned it all the way up. I thought of Galya when my fingers reached the new top button. I should really ask her to have a drink with me. The girl seemed to expect an invitation. She would probably spill her guts after one glass of wine. Yes, a warm and cozy drinking establishment was a far better spot for conversation than the sidewalk outside the hotel. Anyway, I would get another chance to talk to her the next day.
I shoved the bottle of brandy into my right coat pocket; the pair of binoculars I put in the left pocket. I locked the door and slipped out the balcony. My feet hit the wet pavement of the small alley. Heart-wrenching lyrics about long-lost love, teary eyes and lonely nights were coming from the restaurant. I had nothing against the so-called pop-folk music. I was rather used to it, actually. When one hitchhiked as much as I did, listening to the timeless hits of this genre was inevitable. I could even learn to like it if it weren’t for the melodies, the lyrics, the arrangements, and the overall sound.  
I walked to the main street and headed toward the Arnaudovs’ house. I met no one on my way there. My guess was the locals retired for the night right after the primetime newscast. The few still awake this evening were at the doctor’s party. At the end of the paved street, I made a cut through the bushes. I crept up to the unfinished building and hopped over the rusty fencing. I tiptoed to the second floor and crouched behind a partially torn-down brick wall. The spot offered excellent view of the mansion. All I had to do was find out which window was that of Elena’s room. Correction, windows. From my visit there the night before, I remembered at least three windows—they all had sheer curtains framed by heavy curtains pulled to the side and secured with ribbons. 
Figuring out her room wasn’t easy. I tried to bring back the memory of Kiril Arnaudov leading me through the house—right turn, then left, up a flight of stairs, left turn, straight ahead… It wasn’t working. I needed a map. Fortunately, only four of the windows on the south side of the house were lit. Either Elena was home and this was her room or someone had turned on the lights in a completely different room to clean it up—or do something underhanded—and I had missed the girl. 
Nothing happened for the next forty-fifty minutes. I was just beginning to wonder if I should leave when the wrought-iron gate clanked. I strained to see if someone was there and whether that someone was coming in or going out. But the gate was too far away and partially concealed by the large trees lining the fence. Plus, the lamps outside the house illuminated a limited perimeter. I saw no movement. Perhaps the wind had slammed the gate shut. I quickly rejected the idea as stupid. If this was Elena sneaking out, why had she waited so long to do it? Had she waited for the security guard to fall asleep? On the other hand, if someone was trying to visit her secretly, they were surely putting their health and life in danger. I pictured Kiril Arnaudov returning from the doctor’s party a bit tipsy and finding his daughter entertaining the wrong kind of company. He would fly into a rage. 
Too many questions swirled in my head. 
The answers to some of them came from the lit windows. Elena’s silhouette flashed across the first one from the left. I flattened myself against the wall, even though she had no way of seeing me. I was sure this was Elena, even though I saw mostly the back of her hair. It had to be her. Carefully, I pulled out the binoculars and took a look. 
The window seemed way closer that way. Elena was talking animatedly. Her manner made me think she was tearing into someone in the room with her. Maybe she was dressing the help down for serving her tea too hot or not ironing the bedsheets properly. Whatever that poor maid had done wrong, the young mistress was overdoing it. This was a perfect illustration of why I don’t like parvenus. They stomp all over regular people without regard for human dignity. They are capable of humiliating the help for hours over an unwashed dish or an area left undusted. They clearly take pleasure in crushing the vulnerable just because they can. 
I couldn’t see the entire scene from the second floor so I climbed to the third. It turned out the concrete structure didn’t have a roof yet. The cloudy sky was a dark canvas over my head. Here, the construction works had progressed to a couple of low walls, so there was nothing to stop the wind. I opened the bottle of brandy and took three quick swigs. A shiver made me turn up my coat collar for extra warmth.
This spot provided a better view—Elena, who was still gesticulating; her bed; the immaculately arranged furniture. The poor servant was sitting in a chair closer to the door. I peered through the lenses of the binoculars and felt my brow furrowing. The servant—a man with thick glasses and white hair—was smiling and tapping one palm on his knee in rhythm. The puzzle pieces suddenly fell into place. This was a private show. Elena wasn’t yelling, she was singing and dancing. The man in the chair was her only audience. Well, except for me, but she couldn’t see me. 
Honestly, I hoped Miss Arnaudova wasn’t trying to go places with her choreography. She was nimble but her movements were tacky and raunchy as if taken out from a cheap music video. Perhaps the man was a dance teacher who gave her private lessons. Perhaps daddy’s girl dreamt of a career on stage. Well, she was going to kiss her dream goodbye if she didn’t ditch that teacher. I was just about ready to start tapping to the beat myself, when Elena reached to pull down the straps of her dress. I froze in place, finally realizing what was happening. This was no dance lesson. It was a striptease. For an audience of one. 
I lowered the binoculars and closed my eyes. So…
Elena was undressing in front of some old man. I couldn’t wrap my mind around it. My brain was furiously searching for reasons and rejecting them even faster. 
Why?
Why would she do something like that? 
Money? Impossible, she had more than enough. And if she ran out of money, she could always ask daddy. 
Attention? Unlikely, she had plenty of that as well. 
Revenge? On whom and how would that work exactly? 
Why then? 
My thoughts were interrupted by the sound of soft footsteps crossing the wilted grass. Someone had entered the abandoned property and was now sneaking into the construction site. The person started up the stairs, dirt crunching under the soles of their shoes. I stiffened, unable to move. Maybe Kiril Arnaudov’s security guards had seen me. Maybe someone was really following me. 
If that person went to the third floor, I would have nowhere to run. I had no intention of jumping from a ten-meter building into the overgrown yard below. I was stuck. I stopped breathing and listened for any sound. 
The mysterious visitor emerged onto the third floor and walked past me without noticing me. The dark silhouette disappeared behind a crumbling brick wall to the left of me and I heard a zipper getting undone. Perhaps the stranger had come to take a piss. Or.. I shivered at the alternative. 
I threw another glance at Elena’s window. She was down to her underwear and stockings. The old man was leering at her and practically shaking with excitement. I would probably be in the same state if I were him. Elena’s body was all seductive curves. The girl had the perfect amount of flesh in all the right places. The marks she had shown me earlier were visible on her shoulders. But it was clear they were healing quickly. 
A familiar sound reached my ears. Whoever had snuck into the abandoned building had a camera. And was taking a ton of pictures. 
Elena seemed to sense that she was being watched. She walked to the windows and closed the curtains one by one. The show would continue away from prying eyes. I wondered if she would get completely naked, if things would end there. My mouth went dry. I was overcome by a strong urge to pour some of that brandy in my throat, but I didn’t dare remove the cap for fear of revealing my presence to the stranger.   
My fellow voyeur stopped taking photos, fumbled with something, then closed the zipper. Shoes crunched more dirt on their way down the stairs. Carefully, I leaned over the edge of the concrete floor and took a peek. It was difficult to see in the dark, and the awkward angle did me no favors either. I managed to catch a glimpse of a silhouette before it climbed over the fence. I could swear it was Bistra Avramova.    
I leaned against the wall, opened the bottle and slugged half of it in one go. The visual of Elena was still before me as if her amateur show was being screened on the opposite wall. I saw the luxurious waves of locks over her delicate shoulders, her bra trimmed with lace roses, the golden ring in her belly button, the thin strip of fabric between her thighs, the sluttish patterned stockings, the golden ankle bracelet, her clever, exquisite hands and black nail polish. 
The window curtains were closed now and Elena was unlikely to appear again. My business here was done for the night. Time to split. Time to talk to Mr. Ignatov. 

I turned onto the back alley and was met by a blast of music from the restaurant. The revelry was raging on, now in the stage of horos  and rachenitsas.  White Rose and the likes. Clarinets, accordions and rebecs were straining to overpower the cacophony of shouts and whistles. I could almost smell the heavy aroma of alcohol and cigarette smoke through the windows. I scaled the firewood pile and hopped onto the balcony. I went into the room, left the binoculars and the bottle on the table, hung the coat behind the door and left the room.
18.
Thank God the restaurant music was somewhat muted in the lobby. The old gentleman was sitting on his designated chair, dozing.
“Hello!”
His eyelids fluttered open. He blinked a couple of times, straightened his shoulders and yawned. 
“How may I help you?”
“I’d like to talk to you.”
“Talk to me?”
“Yes. Have a chat.”
“You are bored, then?”
“Something like that.”
“What would you like to chat about?”
“I need some first-hand information.”
“Regarding what…”
“Just so you know, Mr. Ignatov,” I cut in, “our conversation is pointless if you’re not honest with me.”
The old gentleman was definitely a man of honor, so I was betting that the very mention of this word would make him more willing to talk. He stretched and gave another yawn, which seemed to help him shake off the cobwebs of sleep. He settled in his chair. 
“If you don’t wish to be lied to, Emil, don’t ask questions.”
“What do you know about Mr. Arnaudov?”
Mr. Ignatov looked around warily and shook his head.
“I don’t know where you’re from, young man, nor who sent you here, but if you’ve come to town to sniff around Mr. Arnaudov, you’re asking for trouble.”
“Why?”
“He doesn’t like it when outside people poke their nose into his business.”
“And the locals are allowed?”
“The locals know better than to try that, they keep their distance.”
“What does he have to hide?”
“I don’t know and I don’t care.”
“If he is rich and powerful, he must own some kind of big business. What kind exactly?”
“He owns everything in this town—this hotel, this restaurant, the shops, the sock factory, the buses, everything.”
“He can’t be making a ton of profit out of those enterprises?”
“As the saying goes, even when it doesn’t flow, it trickles.”
I got the distinct impression that the answer would remain the same whoever else I asked in town. This was where the locals got it wrong, though, misled by their own inflated sense of importance. Kiril Arnaudov wasn’t making money off of the hotel, the restaurant or the cafes in Poplarville. They were all losing him money. Every single day that they remained operational he was leaking money. At the same time, he desperately needed them to launder his illegal revenue streams. 
“Does he own the police?”
The old gentleman gave me a sly look and a faint smile flickered across his face.  
“He used to. Until recently, he did. Mr. Arnaudov is a clever tactician. He had the entire department ensnared in his web. But after the previous chief got shot, a new one came this summer and things changed.”
“The police chief got shot?”
“It was a hunting accident.”
“I see.”
“Drunken fools. They shoot each other every year.”
“So Bistra Avramova is not from Poplarville?”
“No, she’s not a local. I believe she’s from Sofia.”
I wanted to steer the conversation back to the main topic—Kiril Arnaudov—and then seamlessly transition to the one that really interested me—Elena Arnaudova. 
Who was this old guy with Elena? Was he special or one of many? Did others visit the house to enjoy her awkward brand of striptease? Had Mr. Ignatov been there? Was that what Martin, the bartender, had meant when he pointed to the table of whitehaired clients this morning? 
I needed to talk to Mr. Ignatov in a more comfortable setting. As long as we were standing by the reception desk, the elderly man would never let his guard down. 
“I have a bottle of brandy that calls for some company. Would you like to share it with me?”
“I’m working.”
“Seems like you’re the only one tonight,” I said, tilting my head in the direction of the restaurant doors, from where Balkan melodies with a decidedly oriental tinge continued to drift toward us. 
“Perhaps later.”
He obviously wanted to talk. 
“The revelry is normally done by two in the morning. If you’re still awake…”
“I’ll try my best.”
I went up to my room and stretched out on the bed, clothes and shoes and all. 
Elena Arnaudova—this town’s crown jewel, the unattainable beauty, daddy’s girl—had given a horny old man a cheap erotic performance in her own home. Why? 
I was willing to consider money as the incentive. If she didn’t get pocket money from Mr. Arnaudov and she needed cash, to buy drugs for example… But how much could she charge for a session? The old lecher didn’t seem like a Wall Street broker type. He was probably struggling to make ends meet himself… One never knows, though… Nothing could surprise me in this town anymore. 
What puzzled me was the carefree nature of the scene. The old man and the young woman had been having fun as if they had all the time in the world to themselves. I had seen for myself how short-tempered Kiril Arnaudov could be. The locals knew that even better than me. Maybe Elena hadn’t cared if her father showed up to spoil their night, but the old man ought to have been worried, more on edge. And he hadn’t been. Either they had known Kiril Arnaudov wouldn’t be back before midnight or he was aware of the entire thing. Which only raised more questions. 
What father would consent to his daughter doing striptease—perhaps more—for a horny retiree? What debt was he repaying, what did that other guy have on him? Was Elena doing this willingly or was her domineering father making her? If that was the case, no wonder she regularly went off the rails and ran away from home. Where did she run to? 
Why hadn’t she done it tonight?
The questions came one after the other. No answers, though. Perhaps Mr. Ignatov would help me see the full picture. Perhaps not.
19. 
“I don’t know how much longer I’ll be able to stand them.”
He came a half hour after the music had died down and the guests had gone home. He brought a platter of snacks and an unopened bottle of rakia.  I took the two glasses left upside down on the table and filled them halfway. We said cheers and Mr. Ignatov finally seemed to relax. 
“At least this time they didn’t stay so late. There have been years…”
“Have you been working at the hotel long?”
“Almost seven years.”
The hotel itself seemed about that old. The old gentleman had probably been here from opening day. As if reading my thoughts, Mr. Ignatov gave me a sharp look. 
“My daughter and my son-in-law used to own this place. The entire family worked here—the two of them, my granddaughter. Even I helped every once in a while… Times were different then. We’ve had weeks working at full capacity. Not that the business made that much money. My daughter and her husband barely managed to cover the loan payments, but they did and ultimately found some stability. And then… that was when… my son-in-law died in a car accident. My daughter narrowly survived. She underwent expensive operations and the medical bills piled. We didn’t have any savings—we’d put everything into the hotel. I had no choice but to swallow my pride and go talk to Mr. Arnaudov. He sympathized with us and agreed to buy the hotel. He even let me and my granddaughter work here. My daughter… she never fully recovered. She’s been bedridden ever since and requires care around the clock. She could get an operation… but these kinds of procedures are done abroad and cost… We got an offer from a hospital for seventy-five thousand euros.”
I tried to imagine what seventy-five thousand euros would even look like. Three hundred and seventy-five bills with a denomination of two hundred. Half a kilogram of paper that could decide the fate of a woman and that of her loved ones. I would never get used to or accept the hardships of this world. 
“At least she is alive. I spend my entire pension on her medications. Plus, my… Well, that’s life for you. One day you’re soaring with the eagles, the next day you’re down in the mud. I’m at the end of the road. My daughter lived life to the fullest while she could. But I’m heartbroken for my granddaughter, Galya. She’s forced to spend the best years of her life getting paid pittance. Holidays, vacations, new clothes—those things are foreign to her…”   
The old gentleman went silent and turned his back to me. He pulled out a handkerchief from his jacket pocket and cleared his nose. 
I was quiet, not knowing what to say. I sensed he wasn’t done telling his story. So, I just waited. 
“Prior to his unfortunate death, my son-in-law had multiple arguments with Kiril Arnaudov, who wanted to become his partner. But Mitko  would have never agreed to it. He was a self-made man—he never asked for help and never allowed anyone to meddle into his decisions. Believe me, there was no shortage of attempts to interfere. This is a small town, jobs are hard to come by, we don’t have that many options. Most people in town rely on the benevolence of… I digress. Shortly before the accident, Kiril Arnaudov visited my son-in-law and left in a huff. He is rather proud and my son-in-law was equally so. They were too abrasive to mesh well. On his way out, Arnaudov threatened to end him. And then one night, while returning from Sofia… The more I think about it, the more convinced I am that the car crash was no accident at all.”
“You mean to say that Kiril Arnaudov is behind your son-in-law’s death?”
“There’s no way to prove it. Too much time has passed. But deep down I know that if Mitko hadn’t argued with Mr. Arnaudov, he would still be alive today.”
“Was there an investigation?”
“There was. The report cited excess speed, limited visibility, technical malfunction… things of that nature.”
I decided to change the subject. 
“Mr. Ignatov, what is Elena Arnaudova’s reputation in this town?”
“I already told you—a fornicating intrigant.”
“This is your personal opinion. What do Poplarville people think?”
I noticed Mr. Ignatov’s empty glass and refilled it. His was an excellent sample of home-made rakia. 
My granddaughter had this suitor, a classmate of hers. A decent young man. That lightskirt, Arnaudova, got under his skin somehow. But that wasn’t enough for her—she would come to the hotel to rub her triumph in Galya’s face. It was later revealed that Miss Arnaudova had an affair with the boy’s father. The family fell apart in days. The disgraced wife took her own life, while the boy couldn’t handle the humiliation and left town. 
The old gentleman paused for a breath. 
“A woman without morals, I tell you. She leaves ruin in her wake. I won’t let her mess with Galya’s life. If something happens to my granddaughter…”
“Your granddaughter is a kind and polite young woman,” I said, lifting my glass in acknowledgment. “I’m extremely impressed.”      
“I have never heard her say a bad word about anyone. She never lets on what she’s going through.”
“I’m curious, how did Kiril Arnaudov react to the news of his daughter’s lover? I mean the father of the poor boy.”
“He punished him.”
“What?!”
“That’s how he operates. He punishes those who commit an offence against him.”
“Punish them how? Does he tie them, beat them up?”
“How naïve you are, young man!”
“What then?”
“He seized the offender’s property?”
“How so? Did he…”
“He just did.”
I needed a moment to digest everything the old gentleman had told me. I needed time alone. On the other hand, I wouldn’t see Mr. Ignatov again until tomorrow evening. If he had more valuable information, I had to get it now. 
“Has Mr. Arnaudov seized the property of many people?”
“Not really. About ten people. But, I mean, word got around after the first five or six and people got more careful. Folks around these parts are chicken-hearted, just so you know.”
I wondered what Kiril Arnaudov did with the seized houses, fields, cars or whatever he took from people… Placing them for public sale seemed unlikely. He didn’t exactly need them either. Perhaps he did this not to profit but to set an example—don’t mess with me or you’ll end up just like them. This approach seemed to be working. 
“Then what? He generously lets those people buy back their property or…?”
“Who in Poplarville has this kind of cash? He kicks them out, the poor wretches.” 
“But… this is an outrage. Has no one tried to do away with him?”
“I told you, Emil. We’re all cowards. The few brash ones moved to Vratsa, Sofia, places like that. What’s left are people without either guts or choice.”
I tried to imagine what it was like to live in constant fear of getting thrown out of your own home because of the whim of some rich jackass. I, myself, had lost my home a long time ago and that circumstance had never bothered me all that much. I had been making do without owning any property for years and I was perfectly fine like that. But not everyone was like me. 
“Is there anything in this town that is not owned by Kiril Arnaudov? Something that helps regular people make a living…”
“There is. The gas pipeline.”
“A gas pipeline runs through Poplarville?”
“Not yet. But someday it will. We are all hopeful. Its construction and maintenance will create jobs for everyone who hasn’t left town. The project will also bring new residents, improve the landscape, change the demographics…”
“A gas pipeline?”
“Haven’t you heard? It has been out there for years. Well, I may not live long enough to see it happen, but…”
So, there was hope after all. People turn into slaves when they are forced to slave away in exchange for pittance. A well-paid job affords some measure of independence. And independence has always undermined feudal lords. 
The decline of small towns never fails to surprise me. Normally, those places have all the ingredients to be self-sufficient and thriving, and yet they invariably turn out to be black holes. Poplarville was no exception. True, the town didn’t stand out in any way, but it had interesting history, wonderful scenery and arable land… the air was clean, the surrounding area was quiet and welcoming… There was the beautiful blue Danube  winding its way nearby. The muddy waters of the river that ran through half of Europe teemed with countless commercial and tourist vessels. There was a harbor. If I strolled along the rocky shores, I would probably find relics from medieval fortresses and monasteries. In another country, I would be charged to enter a town like this. Instead, the locals were hoping and praying that someone would dig up their land and lay metal pipes in it… Correction, they were too apathetic to hope or pray.    
I noticed that the old gentleman had gotten lost in reverie and decided to change the subject. 
“Someone told me that lawyers often come to this town. Is that true?”
“Every now and then. There isn’t a line of them outside the hotel, you know.” 
“Well, the weather is not exactly inviting…”
Of course, after that remark we had to talk about the weather some… Mr. Ignatov apologized for keeping me awake so late and left, carrying the empty bottle and platter.

I didn’t bother undressing. I tucked myself and fell asleep before the footsteps of my late-night guest had faded down the stairs.
20. 
It was only my second morning in Poplarville and I was already developing rituals. I was drinking the same type of coffee in the same café and talking to the same young man, Martin. The topic was the antisocial behavior of Kiril Arnaudov. 
“Total nonsense,” he protested. “Who told you all these things?”
“A colleague of yours.”
I don’t like revealing my sources. 
“He doesn’t strike me as someone going around talking nonsense,” I said.
“Kiril Arnaudov is a good man. He funds all sorts of stuff in this town with his own money—exhibitions, concerts, holiday celebrations…” Martin protested. 
Had Arnaudov picked up the bill at the restaurant last night or had he left the honor to the doctor?
“Mr. Arnaudov is, how to say, a generous patron and a Samaritan.” 
“I heard a completely different story.”
“There’s this grouser in town, Stephan. He tells all kinds of tall stories. Newcomers are his favorite audience. Did you talk to him?”
“Who is this Stephan?”
“A strange type. Rumor has it he owes Kiril Arnaudov money and that’s why he is badmouthing him all the time.”
“I imagine half the town owes Kiril Arnaudov money. It’s completely normal to…”
“Not true. Mr. Arnaudov is a generous man. He helps the poor and those in need. He has turned down no one. And he never pressures people to repay him.”
It sounded like Martin was talking from experience. 
“Everyone loves him dearly, huh? Only this Stephan guy is trying to bite the hand that feeds him?”
Martin fell silent, considered the metaphor and nodded.
“Yup. He wasn’t always like that. But after the car accident…”
I knew how the rest of that story went. So, Mr. Ignatov’s given name was Stephan. 
“You mentioned something about lawyers yesterday.” I like changing the subject. “Why do so many lawyers come to town?”
“I don’t know.”
“Don’t you have local ones?”
“Probably, I don’t know. I haven’t needed legal service yet.”
I had left a five on the countertop in advance this time. It saved us the preliminaries. 
“What about that invitation to visit Elena Arnaudova? Did you end up going?”
As a matter of fact, I was just about to take care of that. 
“I’ll finish my coffee and head there.”
“Be careful!”
“What did you mean when you told me that Elena is friends with those old men?”
“Exactly that.”
“What kind of friends are they? They drink anisette together, go to the movies or something else?”
“Friends in every sense of the word.”
“Don’t tell me you’ve seen her hanging on some old guy’s arm, casually strolling to the register office?”
“Well, no, but…”
The café door opened with a chime. The same three old men came in and sat on the same table by the window. Martin served them their drinks. He was more on edge when he returned. 
“She’s doing some thesis that requires her to visit the homes of elderly Poplarville residents from time to time. She interviews them, takes notes… She’s researching something, I don’t know.” 
Thinking back to the way she was conducting her study last night, I almost burst out laughing, but I managed to hold back. 
“What kind of questions does she have for them?”
“Ask her, she’ll be able to explain better than me.”
That was precisely what I intended to do. If she wasn’t off to classes, of course. 
On my way out, I stopped by the old men and nodded as if to say cheers.
“What are you drinking to, guys? Don’t tell me the gas pipeline construction has started?”
The old men looked at each other and roared with laughter.
“You’re really funny, boy!” the one sitting closest to the door said, revealing a toothless grin. His eyes narrowed, “Veritable Malcho!” 
“The gas pipeline!” a second old man laughed. “You hear this, guys?!”
“What?” I said, confused. “What did I say?”
“My hair was still dark when they broke ground,” the third one chimed in. “Nothing since then. It must be twenty years now, huh?”
“Nah…,” the first one corrected. “More than that.”
“Once in a while some minister shows up here,” the old man was getting animated now, “shovels some dirt and throws around a few promises to get himself in the news. Then it’s bye suckers until the next elections.”
“That thing is dead in the water, boy,” the nearest old man said, shaking his head. “Don’t fall for it.”
So, Poplarville was likely doomed to live in the shadow of Kiril Arnaudov. Unless and until he decided otherwise. I felt sorry for those three men and all the other elderly men in Bulgaria who had spent their lives hoping against hope. I had no time to get sentimental, though, so I wished the fellowship of drinkers a nice day and walked out of the café. The cold air cleared my thoughts in no time. The people of Poplarville didn’t need financial independence. They were in desperate need of dreams.
21.
What a treat it was to meet Iron again. 
“Why you making a racket?”
That had to be his way of asking what I was doing at Kiril Arnaudov’s home, pressing the buzzer. I was standing outside the wrought-iron gate, watching two old gardeners rake up the fall leaves. The earthy smell of damp soil, cold stone and must filled the air. 
“Is Mr. Arnaudov here?”
“He’s out.”
“I’ll wait for him.”
“Not possible. He’s out of town, will be back tomorrow.” 
Nothing to worry about. 
“Is Elena home?”
“What do you care?”
“I was supposed to see her.”
“Is that so?”
I had no idea why his nickname was Iron. I would have called him Cow or Buffalo. I take that back—it would have been a grave insult to those poor animals.
“Exactly so.”
“If you had an appointment, your name would be on the list, smartass,” Iron said, pulled a folded sheet of paper out of his pocket and skimmed through it. “I don’t see your name here.”
“Wow! And here I thought you couldn’t read.”
The beefy fella scowled and took a menacing step forward. 
“Get lost!”
“I need to see Elena.”
“I don’t care.”
“If I leave without seeing her, she’ll be upset. Even furious. Guess who she’ll take her anger out on?”
His face reddened and turned menacing again. The rush of blood must have stirred some semblance of sense because next he said:
“Wait outside.”
That sounded strange since I was already outside. I took a step back anyway. He went into the security guard cabin, took out his cell and phoned someone. After a short, whispered conversation, he hung up. The room lacked monitors, which struck me as odd. Either the property did not have a system of cameras or the command center was somewhere underground. That seemed a bit much. Come to think of it, the local feudal lord probably didn’t need to splurge on a sophisticated security system in a town like Poplarville. It wasn’t like someone local would do something rash. As for newcomers… I had seen how they were welcomed. 
The only item of interest in the security guard cabin was the dark blue uniform that hung on the back of a chair. The rest was large windows and bare walls. Iron’s bulk occupied most of the space. He barely squeezed out the door. 
“You have ten minutes.”
He opened the gate and let me into the yard. I thought I might need at least that long just to navigate the mansion’s maze of hallways to Elena Arnaudova’s room and back. I was bound to go over the allotted time and find myself in another tussle with Iron. But he eased my concerns by instructing one of the old gardeners to accompany me. 
Elena was in her bed—just like the last time I had been to the house. A notebook showing wear and tear on its leather covers lay on the floor beside her bed. For a moment, I thought this might be her teenage diary, but then the memories of the night before convinced me this was where she kept record of what money each lecher paid her, what time he visited. Just keeping her affairs in order. Or maybe she wrote down the lyrics of the songs she would sing while dancing. 
If she was glad to see me, Elena didn’t show it. She looked tired. Perhaps she had had fun with her guest deep into the night. Perhaps he had been the first of many. Perhaps the girl simply liked to sleep in. The clock above her desk said twenty to nine. The curtains were still drawn and the room was quite dark. 
The gardener had ushered me in and left, closing the door. I walked over to the bed and sat down. Just like Elena had done in my hotel room. Images of her X Factor audition last night still flashed before my eyes. 
It dawned on me that she might be wearing nothing but lingerie under the covers. I pictured her ankle bracelet. I felt my heartbeat quickening and hurried to chase the insidious thoughts away. I was here on business. 
“Hi! How are you?”
Elena groaned and turned away from me. 
“I won’t take much of your time.”
“How could you show up so early?”
Her voice sounded huskier than usual. 
“I worried I’d miss you,” I disregarded her whining. “I’m in a hurry anyway.”
“Everyone is in a hurry. I’m sick of it.”
“I came to give you your money back.”
Elena woke up fully at my declaration and sat up in bed. I exhaled in relief seeing that she wore a t-shirt. She propped her back against the pillows and stared at me.   
“Did you get scared? Did that bitch scare you off?”
“No.”
“What then?”
“I told you yesterday. This isn’t for me.”
She flopped back onto the fluffy pillows. Her hair spilled in glossy waves. 
“Let me guess. A drifter and an idle fellow, not a killer…”
“Not for five thousand anyway.”
Elena Arnaudova stretched her limbs.
“How much do you want?”
“I don’t want money.”
“What then?”
“I want the truth.”
The fornicating intrigant, as Mr. Ignatov had called her, gave me a surprised look. Maybe she had expected me to ask for a session of raunchy dancing. 
“What truth?”
“About you, about your father, about Bistra Avramova and everything else.”
Now she was looking at me as if I had asked her to show me a certificate of virginity. 
“You’re crazy.”
“No, I’m not. You’re the one playing games.”
“What are you talking about?”
“The money you left me yesterday went missing. No one beside you knew about it. No way some random thief snuck in my room. I doubt I’ve caught the attention of the local scum either. I sure don’t look like someone who has five thousand bucks.”
“Are you implying that… How dare you?”
“Put yourself in my place.”
“You’re truly crazy!”
“No. You’re crazy!”
“You’re accusing me of stealing the money I gave you?”
Elena stood up and started pacing the room. Her PJ bottom reminded me of Scheherazade and her one thousand and one nights of tales. Elena stopped before a bookshelf and removed a couple of books, revealing a colorful tin box. She pulled it out and set it on the table. The thought that she might be preparing to offer me Scandinavian biscuits crossed my mind. But when she removed the lid, I understood her message. The box was stuffed with bills, mostly of high denominations. Rolls of bills, just like I had seen prostitutes at sea resorts keep their money. 
“There’s more. I can buy your conscience several times over. And you’re accusing me of going back to the hotel and stealing some measly five thousand?! An amount I personally gave you, if memory serves.”
“Who else could it be?”
“Are you even listening to yourself?”
I stared at the tin box and felt like a complete fool. Elena sounded sincere but that didn’t mean anything. Not when it came to the Arnaudovs. I left the envelope with the five grand on her desk and sat back down on the bed. I was trying to keep my distance from the little dancer. 
“Whatever. Here, I’m giving you the money back.”
Elena stared at the envelope, traced the number five with a fingertip and frowned. 
“You’ve taken money from Kiril Arnaudov?”
“Yes. Why?”
“Did he offer it to you?”
“No, I asked for it.”
“How did you justify it?”
“Said I wanted to give you your money back.”
“You told him I’d come to you and given you money?”
“I didn’t tell him. He already knew.”
Elena came to sit next to me. After some thought, she said: 
“That weasel snitched on me. She must’ve waited for me to leave and called him.” 
“Who?”
“The rag princess at the hotel’s reception desk.”
“Galya? Wasn’t she your friend?”
“Galya?! Yeah, right.”
All these local people were starting to get on my nerves. 
“You told me she was the one who let you in my room.”
“What choice did she have? It is Kiril Arnaudov’s hotel.”
“And before that, it used to be her parents’ hotel.”
“Nonsense! Did she tell you that?”
“No. I overheard it while having my morning coffee.”
“The hotel has never been theirs. No matter what is being said around town.”
“It’s all the same to me.”
Elena went back to bed and pulled the sheet up over her head. Her eyes were gleaming in the dimly lit room.  
“She must’ve taken the money too. That’s it. She stole it so she could suck up to Kiril Arnaudov. Insert herself in the situation!”
“Why would she call your father?” 
“So she can curry favor with him. Suck-up! I’ll teach her not to mess with me!”
I could no longer make any sense of the games being played in this town or how all the players were connected. Not that it was my business to know. 
“Thank you for your time.”
I stood up and started toward the door. Elena hurled one of her pillows at me. The fluffy projectile missed me but I still stopped, picked up the pillow and took it back to the bed. 
“You dropped something.”
“Wait. What about our arrangement?”
“I’m no killer. Find yourself someone up to the job.”
“Sucker.”
It was too beautiful of a morning for me to get offended by an outburst of pure spite. Besides, I try not to enter into discussions about my manhood. Elena wasn’t about to let it go, though. 
“What did Kiril Arnaudov ask of you?”
“Nothing.”
“Ha-ha. He’s never given anyone a dime without wanting something in return.”
“Well, he didn’t ask anything of me.”
“You’re lying.”
“Whatever,” I returned, my hand on the door handle. “Goodbye.”
“Suckers,” Elena spat out, rolling to her side and settling into the pillows. “I’m surrounded by suckers. Let me sleep already.”

No one waited for me outside the room. Just like I had thought, I got lost on my way out. I tried several doors that turned out to be wrong. I still managed to get out under ten minutes, barely. Through one of the windows, I spied something that struck me as odd. Four workers were frantically loading cardboard boxes onto a large, long truck parked in the courtyard. Each of the men carried one heavy-looking box at a time. I thought I might have seen such boxes before, but I couldn’t tell for sure. 
I expected Iron to say something snarky, but he only watched me darkly as I exited the yard. He was probably wondering whether to smack me, give me one friendly blow as a parting gift. It occurred to me that it would be better if we parted ways as friends.
“Elena said you should change.”
“What?”
“Put on your uniform. She’s expecting visitors.”
The beefy fella gave me a probing look. 
“Get lost!”
“Call her if you don’t believe me.”
“Beat it before you catch a blow.”
I got about a hundred paces down the street before I turned around. My new buddy had the dark blue jacket on and was desperately trying to button it.
22. 
I really wanted to stop by the police station. I was dying for a cup of coffee with Bistra Avramova. We would talk about the plant lice, acari and larva attacking her flowers. The topic of her other hobby—photography—would surely come up in a conversation about lice.  
The police chief was in the habit of sneaking into construction sites at night to take photos of Kiril Arnaudov’s daughter. Why? I doubted she had just stumbled upon the unusual scene. I doubted she liked watching half-naked women. I also doubted she planned to sell the priceless images to some gossip magazine. What then? Was she prepared to show them to daddy? If she and Elena were truly warring over his affections, this threat would be a serious ace in the hole for Bistra Avramova. Had it been her idea to go there or had Arnaudov sent her? Was their relationship rooted in romantic feelings or financial gain?
Of course, I had to consider the most likely reason behind that voyeuristic late-night camerawork—extortion. 
I had no way of figuring out what the police chief was up to, so I decided to ask her straight up. We could skip the parasite part of the conversation. 

“What’s the purpose of your visit?”
The desk sergeant really didn’t care about my attempt to waltz into the police station. He seemed an old hand. My request for a meeting with Bistra Avramova didn’t move him one bit. I could always try the trick that had gotten Iron to let me through, but I doubted it would work on this guy. 
“A personal matter.”
“If it’s a personal matter, call her on her cell phone.”  
Asshole.     
“I don’t have her number. Otherwise, I wouldn’t have bothered coming here.”
“Then ask her to give it to you.”
“I intend to.”
I made a move to enterwhen the desk sergeant put a hand on my chest. 
“Inspector Avramova receives civilians Thursdays between one and four in the afternoon.”
I was willing to bet he butchered words and dropped consonants whenever he wasn’t being careful about talking right.  
“Isn’t today Thursday?”
“No. It’s Wednesday.”
I didn’t want to wait until the next day. I had to see her sooner than that. An easier way to get a meeting with Mrs. Avramova came across my mind. All I had to do was set a car on fire or stab someone in the leg. I would get arrested and have my conversation with her eventually. Too bad she wasn’t a woman who inspired such sacrifice. Plus, I didn’t particularly look forward to the long chain of events that included detention, identity verification, arrest, interrogations, statements, court dates… Cumbersome procedures are the main reason I dislike interactions with the police. 
“Could you tell her Emil Milev wants to see her?”
“Of course.”
I assumed he would pick up the phone and call her? But no, the desk sergeant was just standing there, looking at me. 
“Won’t you call her?”
“No, I’m going to leave her a note.”
“A note? But she might not find it until tomorrow afternoon!”
“That’s protocol, Mr. Milev.”
Bureaucracy is the one thing I dislike more than the police. 
“Actually, I came here to turn myself in.”
The desk sergeant gave me a speculative look. Perhaps it was not every day that perpetrators showed up at the station to turn themselves in. But I held out hope that he had at least seen enough miserable wretches.
“How do you mean?”
“I committed a crime and I’m here to turn myself in.”
“What kind of crime?”
He was positively itching to grab me by the collar. The only thing he seemed undecided about was whether to throw me out or drag me into the station.
“Criminal offence.”
Whatever that meant. Personally, I don’t understand the term criminal offence any more than I understand collocations like hearty meal or medicinal herbs. 
The desk sergeant picked up a phone receiver or whatever police gadget he had there. His eyes never left mine. 
“Hello, inspector Krastev. I have a civilian who claims to have committed a crime and wants to turn himself in… Mm-hmm… No, he is not… OK, I’ll wait.”
The police officer put down the receiver and threw me another long look. 
“Are you carrying a weapon?”
In place of an answer, I opened my coat and turned in a circle so he can see I was unarmed. The desk sergeant patted me down just in case before leading me through the entrance and shoving me down the corridor.
“Take a seat on one of those chairs. Inspector Krastev will be with you in a moment.”
“What about Bistra Avramova?”
“Inspector Avramova is out of town. She will be back at work tomorrow.”
I felt angry enough to eat his peaked cap. The asshole had one-upped me. 

I waited over a half hour for the inspector to show up. In the meantime, I tried to leave twice, only to get stopped by the desk sergeant. The old dog was tough when it came to letting people inside the building, but getting by him on the way out was even tougher. On the second try, he handcuffed me to a handrail fixed to the wall, often called tram at police stations. In larger cities, those rails had been either completely removed or lowered to waist height years ago. More humane treatment of suspects and all that. This place, however, seemed stuck in the last century. 
So, on top of everything else, I was forced to stand. 

The inspector saw through my game right away. He didn’t even bother taking me up to his office. He asked me a couple of quick questions and left. Without breaking stride, he instructed the desk sergeant to write down my personal details. Another half hour later, the skinny cop with the big nose appeared, took off my handcuffs and led me out of the building under the glare of the desk sergeant. He gave me another ticket. I promptly tore that one to pieces and threw those into a trash can outside the station. Before I turned thirty-five, I used to read them. Then I decided I was old enough not to bother. 
It felt like all my blood had pooled in my heels. That was how numb my right hand was. Still, my visit to the station hadn’t been for nothing. I had learned that Bistra Avramova was out of town and wouldn’t be back until tomorrow morning, this evening at the earliest. Just like Kiril Arnaudov. Those two were obviously on a tryst somewhere, though the usual hideaways for overly passionate lovers in the country, like forests and fields, seemed beneath them. Well, there was the slightest of chances that the couple was on a business trip. There was also a third, rather implausible, scenario—that the police chief was following and surveilling the entire Arnaudov family. Pretty soon, I was going to find out which of the three options was true.
23.
It was noon and the streets were once again teeming with students. I didn’t feel like going back to the hotel restaurant, so I decided to take my chances with a sandwich. Where there are students, there is food. I followed the kids struggling under the weight of huge backpacks and found myself on a small square outside a pretentious school. There were about fifty students divided into small groups. They were all in each other’s faces, shouting at the top of their lungs. That passed for chatting under children’s standards.
Four kiosks stood at the far end of the square, three of which were closed. The lone open one offered the entire spectrum of junk food, including hot dogs. I didn’t exactly have room for indecision. I ordered and sat on a bench by the kiosk. The weak winter sun did little to warm me. I tilted my face up and was once again amazed by the endless blue sky. This sky alone might be worth all the troubles I had dealt with since my arrival in town.      
Hot dogs also fall in the category of simple stuff that can’t possibly be botched. It’s not like meatloaf or fricassee. You can’t burn it, overcook or undercook it, or forget some ingredient. You put a steamed sausage in a partially sliced bun. That’s it. 
To my dismay, Poplarville taught me that hot dogs can be botched too. You live and you learn. 
Hunger kept gnawing at me, though, and before I had decided whether it was wise to eat the strange hot dog, I had wolfed down half of it. I wondered if the vendor would get offended if I threw out the rest of it. A long, heavy truck rumbled down the street, whipping up clouds of dust. The dust went up my nose and got stuck to my palate. That delivered a death blow to my appetite, so I dropped the half-eaten hot dog into the trash can in front of the kiosk. Actually, it was just a cardboard box serving as a trash can—napkins, coffee sugar bags and cigarette butts covered the bottom. Then a light bulb went off in my head. 
A cardboard box!
I had seen boxes getting loaded onto that truck parked in Kiril Arnaudov’s courtyard. There was a reason they had seemed familiar to me—I had seen their type before. The airport hangar was packed to the ceiling with them. 
I bought a Coca-Cola and kept my fingers crossed that it wasn’t made locally. Its bubbly sweetness filled me with energy and optimism and somewhat soothed my tastebuds. I went back to the main street and headed east toward the town end. Since I had been driven to the airport each of my previous visits there, I hoped to spot the turn-off in time. 

I missed the turn-off and failed to realize my mistake until I heard the roar of truck caravans rumbling down the main road. Somewhere in the distance lay that parking lot with the restaurants, the gas station and the motel. Suddenly, I had a premonition that, one night, I would have chicken soup there again. Sooner than I would like, at that. At this very moment, though, I had more pressing things to do. I retraced my steps and kept my eyes peeled for the turn-off. The airport turned out to be way closer to town than I had thought. That would explain why I had missed the cut-up road veering to the south—I hadn’t expected it to be so close to the town sign.
I stepped through the opening in the wall of roadside bushes and started down the old road. It was a five to seven minutes’ walk to the hangar. I wondered if the front of that sheet-metal relic would be guarded and instantly regretted my decision to leave the binoculars back in the hotel room. I could have taken a good look at building from a distance before charging in to ransack the place. 
As it turned out, there was no security, but the hangar was locked. The sheet-metal door had a massive frame made of rusty shaped iron. I gave it a push and it budged only slightly before returning to its original position. I could get in fairly easily if I had an oxyacetylene torch or a lump of T.N.T. with me. There were no windows, no chimney—no creative ways to gain entrance. I sat down with my back against the sun-warmed sheet metal. A slight mist was rising from the ploughed fields nearby. It was a surreal sight as if taken out of an old war movie. A pilot cuts his home leave short, plunging his sweetheart in sorrow, and returns to the military camp to fly his trusted bomber in battle… only to discover that his unit has been dispatched to the front line. Along with all the planes. I closed my eyes and imagined the officers barking orders, the hectic activity around the landing gear, the mad dash to load provisions and weapons, the filling up of fuel tanks, the white-hot engines… the hangar doors open to let out olive-green combat aircrafts—fearsome and determined… 
My eyes flew open. 
I could be remarkably dumb sometimes. 
In the old war movies, hangars have sliding doors. I stood up and gave the rusty hangar door a nudge to the side. The little wheels of the sliding mechanism had obviously been greased recently because the door slid smoothly, letting out a waft of cold air. I stepped inside and closed the door behind me in case someone came. 
I turned on the lights and couldn’t help but smile. At least I knew the interior well—the table, the two chairs and the floor-to-ceiling stacks of boxes by the walls.         
God only knew what was in those boxes. From what I had been told about Kiril Arnaudov, it was reasonable to assume that he was an honest businessman, who had amassed his fortune through hard work and smart choices. The boxes were probably full of socks made in his own factory.  
On the other hand, I rarely believe everything I hear. I prefer to believe my own eyes. Given what I had seen, I was willing to bet that something other than socks was inside those boxes.   

The boxes were full of cigarettes. Thousands of packs of cigarettes. Tens of thousands. 
As a kid, I saw my grandmother stock up on foodstuffs big time. Her home always had crates of potatoes and onion; sacks of flour, rice and sugar; tubes of sunflower oil; jars of honey and all sorts of other stuff. My dear grandmother had lived through World War II and knew the scourge of hunger. Even as a kid, I understood her and found her habit of stocking up to be natural and logical. 
Even if he chain-smoked for the rest of his life, Kiril Arnaudov couldn’t possibly go through all those cigarettes. Especially considering the shorter life expectancy of heavy smokers. 
There were no signs or labels on the boxes, but one word slowly took shape in my mind—contraband. 
Contraband warehouses are normally set up near the area where the goods are to be dealt. I knew that from personal experience. If you sell counterfeit antiques in the old town of Plovdiv, you don’t keep those in store at the Sea Garden in Varna.  Poplarville couldn’t be much of a cigarette market, even if one generously assumed that every resident, including students, smoked two packs a day. The nearby towns and villages weren’t exactly a source of huge demand either. The cigarettes were more likely intended for Vratsa, even more likely—for Sofia.  
But why was the warehouse located here? Where did the cigarettes come from? From China on barges sailing the Danube? The international river was a busy transport channel connecting Eastern and Western Europe. Could the cigarettes be intended for Western Europe? Maybe they had come from Sofia and were headed for Vienna? Nah, that sounded far-fetched… But it wasn’t too crazy to think that a small vessel might stop at an illegal harbor somewhere along the willow and poplar-clad river bank once or twice a week. It would get loaded in the middle of the night, of course. That would explain the hoarding of boxes, especially if the arrival of trucks and the departure of vessels couldn’t be timed perfectly. 
I knew something else from experience too. No smuggler sticks to one item once they have created a smuggling route. Other tobacco products had to be illegally transported through the same channels as the cigarettes. Liquor as well. Maybe chocolate. Even martenitsas  at the height of their demand in March. Fenugreek might be a stretch, though.   
Kiril Arnaudov, the local generous patron and Samaritan, was nothing but a run-of-the-mill dealer in contraband goods. 
Another thing I know about smuggling networks is that they are ran by political figures. Kiril Arnaudov might be transporting boxes of goods the police would surely be interested in, but that was not a mom-and-pop business. Some member of a political party had to be above him. Likely a lawmaker. And those were waters I didn’t intend to wade in.
I put the unsealed box lower in the stack and piled sealed boxes on top of it. I went outside and slid the door shut. There was no point in dawdling. One of the beefy fellas could show up at any moment, and I really didn’t want to find myself back on that rickety chair all tied up. I kept looking around as I walked back to the main road, even though I knew my fears were unfounded—the smugglers wouldn’t come to unload their goods in broad daylight. Loading them onto a truck at the home of Kiril Arnaudov—yes, but that place was protected by sturdy fencing and lack of visibility for passersby. The hangar, however, was in the middle of a wide-open field. 

Lost in thought, I walked up the furrowed asphalt to the main road and headed back to town. The sun was once again barely visible behind a milky veil of clouds, but the air was warm and fragrant with the soil of ploughed fields. The weather was warm for an early December day. It also helped that I kept a brisk pace. I felt my back beading with sweat in spots where sweat had previously dried. I needed two things—a hot shower and clean underwear.
24. 
The shops in Poplarville weren’t exactly brimming with nice things the locals could treat themselves to. Most were in the business of selling food products. The remaining five percent of the market share was equally divided between the now painfully familiar line-up of the gun store, the hardware store, the bookstore, the pharmacy, the thrift shop, the photo studio, and the Bulgarian equivalent of a dollar store. What were the chances that I would find boxer briefs, t-shirts and socks in one of those places? Perhaps I should try my luck at the museum of history, or better yet—the art gallery. One never knew, some local artist might have made an installation out of men’s underwear. 
Seriously, though, where did these people shop for boxer briefs? 
A disturbing, unwelcome thought hit me—what if everyone in Poplarville walked around commando style? What if that was the big secret that had kept the community together and carried it through all sorts of hardships over the years? 
Reality always crushes the romantic side of life. Across the street, I spotted a gift shop that sold cups, plates, flowers, souvenirs, perfumes, jewelry, glasses, bras… and boxer briefs. 

I bought all three available pairs, just in case. I was hoping they would tie me over until I got to Sofia. I got t-shirts from the thrift-shop warehouse. The one in better shape looked to be about my age. I couldn’t find socks. The sock factory, this crown jewel of the Poplarville industry, apparently didn’t supply local shops. Maybe it exported its entire output. 
The socks on my feet were almost brand new. I had been wearing them for the past four-five days. Galya had them washed once already. I decided to wash them again once I got back to the hotel room and dry them with the hair-drier. 

“There’s a note for you.”  
This time, getting past the reception desk unnoticed was made impossible by my own heavy breathing and the rustling of the plastic bag full of underwear.
Old Stephan’s granddaughter handed me a sealed envelope. I wondered if she had tried to read the note. Perhaps the mysterious message had piqued her curiosity, breaking through the general sense of apathy hanging over this town and this hotel. 
“Who is it from?”
“Bistra Avramova.”
The police chief had been to the hotel? Sometimes, people did things that piqued my curiosity. 
“Did she say anything?”
“Who?”
“Bistra.”
“You misunderstand, she never came here. Lacho  brought the note this morning, but you’d already gone out…”
“Who?”
“Lacho, the police officer.”
“Which one of the two brothers? Bag of Bones or Fat Man?”   
Galya blushed. 
“They are not brothers. And he’s not that fat.”
So, he was yet another suiter, then. “Sinister” Lacho.  
“What’s the name of the Baba Yaga’s  grandson, then?” 
Galya was beginning to turn a shade of purple. 
“Lyubo . Do you have to be this rude?”
“Sinister” Lacho and “Kickass” Lyubo. Those two could give anyone chills. 
“Who was that guy yesterday?”
“Which one?”
“The voluminous one with the huge displacement number. He was hitting on you.”
Galya’s face was now the color of eggplant. This sly girl seemed to have too many irons in the fire. Whatever, it was none of my business. I had no desire to keep grilling her—she was getting perilously close to bursting into flames. 
“What does the note say?”
“I… how should I know? I haven’t read it.”
I have my principles. One of them says that you shouldn’t be doing something you’re not that good at. If you aren’t a skillful thief, don’t steal; if you aren’t a decent fighter, don’t fight; if you aren’t a good liar, don’t lie. 
Galya wasn’t a good liar. Or I wasn’t good at trusting her. 
“Let me ask you something, Galya. Be honest with me, OK?”
The girl reddened as if she had been caught reading a forbidden book or perusing a men’s magazine. She obviously expected me to ask her an embarrassing question. Did she really think me such an ass?
“Do you like Kiril Arnaudov?”
Galya hesitated for a second. The topic was obviously unpleasant for her. She also looked relieved. There was some other, more unpleasant topic I had spared her. 
“What do you mean?”
“I mean, do you like him?”
“In what aspect?”
“As a person, as a boss, as a friend, as a man…”
“Mr. Arnaudov?!”
“Yes.”
“No. How could you even think that?”
“Are you sure? Think…”
“I don’t need to think. I don’t like him and that’s that.”
“Why do you call him then?”
“When have I ever called him?”
“You called him yesterday, after Elena left.”
“I didn’t!”
“Of course, you did!”
“I didn’t!”
This time she wasn’t lying. I had adopted a casual, teasing air, but I watched her carefully the entire time. She wasn’t lying. She wasn’t the one who had summoned Kiril Arnaudov to the hotel. It had been someone else. Either Stephan Ignatov or Elena herself. 
“How could you think I would call him? I can’t stand the man!”
“You work for him.”
“Who am I supposed to work for in Poplarville?”
“I don’t know—Town Hall, the hospital…”
“Everyone in this town works for Kiril Arnaudov.”
“Why?”
“Because the entire town is his.”
“Nonsense, Galya! Those are urban legends!”
“It’s not nonsense.”
“It is. Kiril Arnaudov is not all-powerful. You are the ones who have turned him into an idol.”
“You’ve been in town all of two days. Talk to me after you’ve lived here for a year…”
“I would never live in Poplarville.”
“Don’t make such grand declarations.”
She resembled a radical communist—convinced in her eternal righteousness, determined to inflict her wisdom upon every unsuspecting naïve person she met.
“Why not leave this place, then? Why not run away?”
“And go where?”
“Wherever you want—Sofia, Milan, London…”
Galya gave me a look as if I was offering her a seat on a manned flight to the Moon at a fifty percent discount. She shook her head and started tapping on a computer keyboard. 
   I looked at the envelope containing Bistra Avramova’s note and remembered the melodramatic warning Galya had written on that piece of paper. Was she still worried about me? 
“Who’s going to kill me, Galya?”
“Excuse me?”
“You were very concerned for me in that note yesterday. You wrote I should leave town because I was in danger and was going to get killed. Who’s going to kill me?”
“Whoever gets you first.”
I couldn’t tell if she was being facetious or serious—I had always liked that energy in people. For the first time that day, I felt a smile stretch my lips, even though it was only Wednesday. I put the envelope in my coat pocket and went up to my room. I got rid of my clothes, stepped under the shower and tried to forget I was in Poplarville. It wasn’t all that hard—after all, washing your socks is an intimate experience that requires complete dedication.
25. 
Kiril Arnaudov was coming back tomorrow morning. That meant Elena would have the house all to herself again tonight. From what I had gathered about her, she didn’t do well with loneliness. She was definitely inviting someone to keep her company after dinner. No attachments, just a dance or two. Well, there was also the outside chance that she would immerse herself in her studies—Martin had mentioned that Miss Arnaudova was talking to retirees for her thesis. I had no idea what she was specializing in, but she would have no trouble making money without a degree. As long as she was young and beautiful, at least. 
Whatever this dancing queen had planned for tonight, I didn’t want to miss it. So, I intended to be stationed at the construction site, armed with a pair of binoculars, as the December night descended. 
But first I had to wait for my socks to dry. As it turned out, the hair-drier wasn’t powerful enough to blow them dry. I left them on the central heating radiator and calculated they would be dry in about ninety hours based on how warm the thing was. I didn’t have that much time. It was growing dark outside. I took a look around the empty room and shivered at the thought of standing on that concrete stakeout spot with no socks on. 
Time to get creative. I took the case off one pillow and shredded it in half. I wrapped my feet in the pieces of fabric and took a moment to admire my handywork. For better or worse, there are things you never forget and serving in the army was one of them. I had fashioned some great footwraps in my younger days. I slipped my shoes on and paced the room to test the fit. I had a decent chance of reaching the Arnaudovs’ house. I picked up my binoculars and the half-empty bottle of brandy and looked around to see if I was forgetting something. Ah, yes. The note. The envelope was still in my coat pocket, unopened. 
Avramova’s message was clear and to the point: “Stay away.”
What was I supposed to stay away from—Elena, her father, his business, Poplarville… or Bistra Avramova herself? It sounded like a logical continuation of her concerns about social parasites, a category to which she clearly believed me to belong. 
She hadn’t seen me at that construction site last night, I was sure of that. She had arrived there much later than me and left way before me. She had no way of knowing I had been hiding in the VIP area. But what if she knew? Maybe she had had me followed the entire time, just to be on the safe side. Could have I missed a tail? Unlikely—considering the local ideas of what it means to be discreet, he would have brought attention to himself a hundred times by now. She couldn’t possibly know about my visit to the local Ali Baba’s cave of treasures either. I wasn’t invisible, of course, and someone might have seen me from afar. But I hadn’t run into anyone face to face. Even if someone had recognized me, they would have reported back to Kiril Arnaudov, not Bistra Avramova. If I had been discovered, though, his lackeys would have found me by now. So, I was in the clear. 
The note had a polite tone. It wouldn’t have been this polite if it was meant to serve as a threat. So, I just took Bistra Avramova’s warning as common courtesy. 
I left the room through the balcony and down the now familiar pile of firewood. The yellowish light cast by the weak streetlamps felt somehow damp and cold. Poplarville was a ghost town and it wasn’t even seven o’clock in the evening. The shops were largely closed, with the exception of the grocery stores. My favorite café was still open, but the lack of patrons was evident even through the tinted window. I would normally stop by to help Martin’s daily turnover, but I had work to do. 
This time, I was more careful sneaking into my stakeout spot. I kept casting glances about, listening for every small noise in the night. I slowly climbed the stairs to the third floor of the unfinished building, checking every room along the way. I was sure no one had followed me and no one knew I was there. I went to my open-air stakeout spot and huddled by the brick wall. Light was streaming out of Elena’s windows, just like the night before, but the room was empty. Maybe she had gone to have dinner. I had read somewhere that the human body burns a lot of calories while dancing. 

Just so you know, shaking with cold on the third floor of an unfinished concrete building on a cold December night also burns a ton of calories. I hadn’t had a bite to eat since that hot dog fiasco, and my stomach was already rioting. I had been watching Elena’s room for over an hour, waiting for the show to start, and nothing was happening. I was mad at myself for not bringing wafer bars or pretzel sticks, something to relieve the hunger while I waited. I was starting to get why people brought popcorn into theatres. 
Sipping brandy only made things worse, but at least it helped with the cold. I was ready to start clapping in a desperate attempt to call the dancer onto the stage. I could swear she was already gyrating by this time the night before. 
Finally, there was movement. A car arrived outside the house with its headlights turned off. The gate opened and I heard the soft rumble of the engine as the driver parked. I couldn’t see all that well through the tree branches, but I thought at least two, maybe even three, people got out of the back doors. Last night’s visitor had come on foot. These folks were either too old for that walk or coming from further away. My ears picked up conflicting sounds. First, I thought I heard the tap, tap, tap of a cane hitting the alley. But the taps were too clear and frequent for that. They were more like the sounds of a woman’s high heels. Next, I was pretty sure I heard a giggle. Then, someone made a shushing sound and silence fell over the yard. I couldn’t take a good look at the visitors—by the time I was done fumbling with the focus wheel on my binoculars, they had gone inside the house. Either those were acquaintances of Elena’s or the security guards were having a private party. 
I tried to read the car’s license plate. At least, that would tell me whether the late-nigh visitors were local or from the other side of the country. I peered through the binoculars, but the car was parked at an awkward angle and the license plate was barely visible. As I debated whether to leave my hiding place and have a closer look, a shadow appeared at the front door of the house. It stole round the walls, slipped through the gate and disappeared down the road. I knew those nimble moves. I also knew when someone was running away. Elena Arnaudova had just gotten out of the house without permission. 
I raced down the stairs and out of the deserted property. Once outside, I crouched by the fencing and scanned the road. Not a soul could be seen. Elena had either put too much distance between us or ducked into the bushes. 
It was neither. I spotted her putting her shoes on by the nearest streetlamp. She had done her quiet escape in socks. She bent down to tie her shoelaces—those were probably sneakers on her feet—and looked around. Instinctively, I jerked back. When I finally mustered the courage to have another look, she was running down the damp paving blocks with the grace of an antelope. I threw the empty bottle into the bushes, adjusted the binoculars’ strap around my neck to a tighter fit and buttoned my coat all the way up. I dashed after her. Within fifty steps, I already regretted not putting my socks on, wet or not. I had no chance of catching up to her in those damn footwraps. The fabric quickly unraveled and got all bunched up in the front of my shoes. I didn’t want to slow down, but it wasn’t long before every step had become painful, making me lose my balance. Shit!
I stopped by the same streetlamp where Elena had been earlier, took of my shoes and threw out what remained of the pillow-case strips. I shoved the shoes inside my coat pockets and ran down the street barefoot.
If you have never run barefoot on cold paving blocks in the middle of an early December night, you wouldn’t know what it’s like. Awful experience. My feet, coarse as they might have become from months of getting exposed to sand and seawater, were protesting. Several times, I stepped on larger rocks and silently cursed the town leadership for not cleaning the street. I could step on anything from a drawing pin to a rusty piece of shaped iron or a syringe… I could only hope that folks around here weren’t much into smashing bottles in public places. 
I managed to cut the distance between me and Elena to about two hundred paces and slowed down. She had also transitioned from a gallop to a trot. There was no one but us on the street. If she turned around, she would see me. But she clearly didn’t expect to have someone on her heels. To me, she seemed more excited to reach her destination than nervous that someone might be after her. 
I wasn’t watching my steps. My eyes were glued to Elena Arnaudova. The moment she made to look back, I would freeze on the spot and make myself invisible. I was moving as silently as a cat. I didn’t want her to notice me now that we were on the other side of town, entering the industrial zone populated with warehouses and workshops. My feet were all scraped and bruised, good thing they were so numb that I couldn’t feel the pain. 
Elena finally stopped by a spray-painted sheet-metal fence. I flattened myself against the side of a nearby caravan and thanked the Lord that the closest working streetlamp was far behind me. The midnight wanderer cast a furtive glance around, pulled a piece of sheet metal loose and squeezed through the hole. I followed her and found myself in a big paved yard. A long, narrow building bisected the yard. Two trucks and a van were parked outside. Dumpsters, pallets and huge plastic tankers lined the fence. The air was filled with a distinctive smell that brought back memories of my father’s printing workshop. 
There was no sign of Elena.
26. 
The sounds of a dog barking and a sleepy melody playing loudly on the radio carried over the fence from the warehouses next door. It crossed my mind that the little miss might have seen me and tricked me by walking in through one secret opening and walking out through another. While I was busy wandering about the yard, she could be anywhere… Something told me she hadn’t slipped me. Elena was somewhere around here. I could almost catch her scent amid the smell of printing ink. She had a reason to come here and I would find it.
The building in front of me was dark and showed no sign of life. Still, the girl had to be somewhere in there. Trying the doors one by one wasn’t a sound plan—all the noise that entailed would just alert her to my presence. Even crossing the yard could give me away if she happened to look in my direction at the right time. I hunkered down by the nearest dumpster and fixed my eyes on the windows of the long, one-story building. I was forced to wait. Whatever Elena had come here to do, she would need some light. That would give away her location.
I rubbed my feet but it hardly made any difference. What I needed was a hot tub with four spoons of sea-salt splashed in the water.  Damage control was all I could do for now. I pulled out my shoes from my coat pockets and put them back on. With some luck, I wouldn’t have to run again. The combination of numb feet and hard shoes wasn’t great. 
My inner voice told me that Elena Arnaudova had a meeting. Perhaps this was her love nest. A second inner voice protested, urging me to go back to the hotel and take care of my feet. 
If that dreary, industrial building was truly the safe place of two lovebirds and Elena was one of them, I couldn’t wait to find out who was the other. I had long gotten used to the double standards shown by the women in my life. Elena was no exception—some suitors she invited home, others she made the effort to visit herself. There had to be a reason why. I needed to find what it was. I couldn’t go back empty-handed. Maybe this warehouse, or whatever it was, would give me the answers to important questions—like, would my mission be successful? When would I get my money from Kiril Arnaudov so I could leave town? 
Whatever the answers were, it was becoming increasingly clear that I wasn’t going to get them that night. After nearly an hour of waiting for some movement, I was all out of patience. The lovebirds were obviously going to go at it until dawn. No way I could stay hiding by the dumpster for that long. I stood up and tried to stretch my legs. At that moment, dozens of floodlights came on. 
I took five panicked breaths before realizing that what I was seeing were bright spots dancing in my vision, I had gotten that stiff from all the squatting. How would I even get back to the hotel? Walking seemed an impossible task. I started berating myself for being stupid enough to follow Elena at any cost. Wished I could show something for my efforts. I had been way too zealous in my private detective act and overreacted to the situation. Now I was ready to call it a night. Time to go back to the hotel. 
Elena emerged from around the corner of the building. I couldn’t tell for sure in the darkness, but she seemed different. I ducked and took cover behind the dumpster. Indeed, her walk was different, her silhouette was different, her clothes were different… torn, actually. Elena staggered past me and stopped at the fence. A second before she disappeared through the opening there, I spied the flash of a cigarette in her hand. Her jeans were ripped again. She had canvas sneakers on. Everything about her took me back to our first meeting, under the bus shelter.
I could go after her and keep following her, but she was likely just going home. She had come here alone, so her secret lover was still somewhere in that building. Maybe he worked here. Maybe he was a security guard or was taking advantage of the absence of security… One thing was clear—that guy had no manners, leaving a girl to get home alone in the dead of night like that…  I could try and find out what had happened to her. Solve at least one mystery. The answers awaited me somewhere in the dark one-story building. I crossed the yard and walked along the brick wall. In the end, I didn’t need to try every door since the second one was wide open. 
I slipped inside and tried to get a sense of the room in the dark. The entire building was one open space. Two rows of large machines were arranged by the longer walls. This didn’t look like a printing plant. It more resembled a metal-working facility full of lathes, mills, bench drills, presses… Actually, all machines were the same. I walked up to the closest one and noticed it was equipped with a wire basket. Several round bottles were arranged along the top of the machine’s spine. I reached out to touch one. It wasn’t a bottle but rather a reel. A large reel of tightly wound yarn. 
I was in Kiril Arnaudov’s sock factory! 
Christopher Columbus couldn’t have been as happy with his discovery as I was with mine at that moment. 
I couldn’t wait to put socks on my feet. I wanted to slip several pairs on at once. I was definitely stuffing my pockets with spare ones. As soon as I could find the finished products. I pictured piles of thick, warm terry-cloth socks. I would even settle for white tennis socks despite my reservations.  
I walked across the room, listening for suspicious sounds the entire time. I was nervous about getting jumped. At the other end of the facility was a door that led to a narrow corridor. This was where the offices of the administration were set up. One was protected by a metal screen door—that had to be the accountant’s office. Next to it was the restroom, across from which a staircase led down to what I assumed was the basement. That distinctive smell was stronger here. Perhaps it came from the chemicals used to dye the yarn. 
I hadn’t run into anyone so far. If Elena’s lover was still in the factory, the only place left was the basement. I took out a lighter from my pocket. With the lighter in my left hand and my right fist cocked back, I started descending the steps, ready to strike everything that jumped out in front of me. God knew what kind of a blow I would be able to deliver considering I was barely standing on my legs and my knees threatened to give out with each step I took…
 I reached the bottom of the stairs where the air was even heavier. It occurred to me that inhaling the toxic mix for more than a couple of minutes would probably get me stumbling like Elena. But then I remembered her pupils—the way I had seen them during our first meeting—and realized her condition wasn’t caused by these fumes. 
If the basement followed the same floor plan as the upper floor, there would be a cluster of small rooms and a much larger open space here as well. So, if someone was lurking in here, their way out went through me. A dust-up would be inevitable. There was no point in delaying it. I stepped to the side and flicked the lighter. 
The light revealed a corridor similar to the one above. To my surprise, all the doors here had padlocks. All except one. I went up to it and nudged it. It opened inward with a creak. I extended my left hand and the flame from the lighter illuminated a small room full of tools. Whoever had met with Elena Arnaudova down here was long gone. Perhaps he had even left first. I cursed quietly and spat on the concrete floor. This entire chase had been for nothing. Another wasted night. 
Maybe I could still salvage it. Maybe there was something worth finding in this basement. If there was such a thing, it was kept behind one of the locked doors. After all, I had practically breezed through the entire factory until I ran into those padlocked doors…
I hesitated for a second. So far, I hadn’t done anything illegal. Well, I was technically trespassing, but I hadn’t broken, damaged or stolen anything. But if I took down even one padlock, I would be committing a criminal offence. 
I would never know why movie characters use levers to break padlocks. Hammers were much more effective, easier to use and easier to find. That last one apparently wasn’t true for the basement of this sock factory. The place was practically swimming in machine components—wires, hooks, needles, chains, pieces of sheet metal, hoses, nuts, screws… but no heavy hitters. Nothing heavy enough to break a closed padlock. Motor oil was splattered everywhere. I took my finger off the ignition button to let the lighter cool down—it had started to feel hot to the touch—and the flame went out. I slid down the wall of the small room and smiled to myself. 
Some investigator I was! I failed to see the people who had arrived to Kiril Arnaudov’s house in a car with no lights on; I couldn’t find out why Elena had come all the way here in the middle of the night; I was unable to uncover the identity of the person she had met with, if she had met with anyone; I had no way of finding out why they had seen each other and how they had spent their time in here. Hell, I hadn’t even discovered where the damn socks were being kept! And then, in the inky darkness of the underground corridor, I realized what I had seen earlier. Blood. 
I flicked the lighter back on, found the light switch and flipped it on. Once my eyes had adjusted to the bright light, the scene confirmed my suspicions. What I had taken for motor oil earlier was actually blood. Drops of blood dotted the floor and everything that had the misfortune to be lying around on the floor. I bent down to pick up a long needle. Its tip was dark red. Then I found another one… and another one… 
Twenty-one sharp needles of various lengths. Their tips looked like they had been dipped in nail polish. The actual substance was no nail polish, though. It was blood. Elena Arnaudova’s blood. 
My mind immediately conjured the image of Bistra Avramova. Stay away. Was that supposed to mean we’re going to have some fun tonight, so stay away? But if that was the case, why had Elena been so eager to come here? Why had she snuck out of home? If the police chief had such power over the girl, she could torture her anywhere at any time. Surely, she wouldn’t choose to do it in the sock factory at night. Was that why the police chief had let it be known that she wouldn’t be back until tomorrow? So she could have an alibi in the event that…
No, no, no. Bistra Avramova had nothing to do with the spilled blood, my inner voice told me. This wasn’t Mrs. Avramova’s style. She was classier than that. 
Elena had been lying to me. Purposefully and shamelessly. OK. Lying wasn’t a cardinal sin these days. I had lied and been lied to numerous times. But why did the heiress to the Arnaudov fortune want me to kill the police chief? 
There was only one logical conclusion. Bistra Avramova had proven a more talented investigator than me and managed to witness the whole sordid story. Including Elena’s basement adventures. Perhaps she had even caught her in the act. And now the young miss worried that the details of her nocturnal escapades might reach her father’s ears. That would certainly put an end to her late-night rendezvous. 
That was it. First, she had tried, and failed, to make her father an enemy of Bistra Avramova. A shrewd businessman like Kiril Arnaudov wouldn’t even think to cross the town’s police chief. Much less after her predecessor had recently gotten shot in suspicious circumstances. 
Elena had probably tried to buy Avramova’s silence and made matters even worse. 
The basement of the sock factory… 
That explained why I had seen no light—this underground place had no windows. I doubted anyone but Elena and her lover ever came down here. This place kept their games away from the eyes of the world. Kiss off, to borrow an expression from my friend Iron. 
Suddenly, I was sick of Elena Arnaudova. There was nothing left for me to do in that basement, time to get back to the hotel. I desperately needed a warm room, food and rest—the dream of every poor wretch. 
I switched off the light and half-closed the door behind me. On the upper floor, I checked every knitting machine for leftover socks. I wasn’t particularly hopeful but still managed to find a dozen or so socks and stuffed them into my pockets. They felt too flimsy to serve me any better than the ill-fated footwraps. Even though life had taught me to make do with what I had, I chose to walk back to the hotel barefoot. I couldn’t imagine putting my shoes back on, with or without the luxury of socks. I left the factory, squeezed through the opening in the fence and trudged down the quiet street. I had taken one of the needles with me, just in case.  

My empty stomach had given up on reminding of itself. It had curled up in an angry ball. It was probably pouting. I was in no mood to think about food, though. For starters, I had to conquer that walking challenge. Two kilometers on raw bare feet could test the resilience of the toughest of men. By the end of it, I had to stop every few steps to rest. Meters before the hotel, I started leaning against buildings and doubling over in pain. Clambering up the pile of firewood and over the balcony railing felt like a medieval test of courage. I closed the balcony door behind me and collapsed onto the bed. If it wasn’t for the trembling, I would have probably fallen asleep before hitting the sheets. 
I had to take care of my feet first. I slipped out of the wrinkled pants, dragged myself to the bathroom, sat on the edge of the tub and turned on the hot water. 
Oh!
Blood was slowly returning to my feet—and brought pain with it. I barely mustered the energy to towel my feet before stepping onto the tiled floor. I wasn’t sure I would be able to wear socks again. That thought reminded me to check on my loot from the sock factory. 
I had read somewhere that one should go to bed with a smile. 
All of the socks, every last one of them, were pink.
27.
I have often wondered about the most pleasant way to start one’s day. When I was a kid, my mother used to wake me up with a caress on my hair. Grandmother would let her shrill voice do the trick. Father finally settled on pulling the covers off me as his most effective tactic. In the army, the duty officer just turned on the lights. All in all, though, the slow, warm brush of a woman’s gentle lips has no competition. 
Well, today wasn’t my lucky day. 
Someone had grabbed the front of my t-shirt and was shaking me. There was nothing gentle, let alone slow, about it. I opened my eyes. It was a man’s hand—hairy, with fat fingers. My eyes traced the beige sleave to a set of broad shoulders. The dumb face of Iron protruded from the middle.
“Get up, you piece of shit!”
At least I had gotten some sleep, judging by the daylight flooding in through the windows. I sat up and rubbed my eyes. I had assumed, wrongly it would seem, that my deal with Kiril Arnaudov gave me some protection from his goons. 
“What happened? Who died?”
“Don’t try to play dumb. Put on your clothes.”
“Are you taking me out for a coffee? So nice of you.”
“Mr. Arnaudov wants to see you. And shut your mouth or I’ll do it for you.”
The man had promised me five thousand grand to do a particular job, on which I hadn’t made much progress, and now he was summoning me. This couldn’t be good. I decided not to put on my coat—I had tossed it on top of the binoculars the night before and its pockets were stuffed with girly socks. The needle with Elena’s dried-up blood was in there too. I didn’t want to provoke her doting father unnecessarily. I didn’t want him to know that I had been following his daughter or that I had poked around in his sock factory. 
The good news was that the radiator had done its job. My socks were dry. Otherwise, I wouldn’t have made it past the reception desk. 

“Have you found anything?”
Once again, I was sitting next to Kiril Arnaudov on the backseat of his limo. We weren’t going anywhere—the vehicle was parked outside the hotel. Iron was standing on the sidewalk, smoking. The conversation was obviously supposed to stay between us.
“No.”
“Why?”
“It’s hard when I’m not allowed to follow her.”
“Did you talk to her?”
“I tried. It didn’t work.”
“Do you think she suspects anything?”
“I don’t know. It’s possible.”
Kiril Arnaudov turned around and looked me straight in the eye. 
“She went there again last night.”
“Where?”
“I don’t know. I expected you to tell me.”
“I didn’t leave my room last night.”
“Barber found her outside the gate. Thank God he was the one on duty at the time.”
“What do you mean found her?”
“She was… medicated again. There was blood on her clothes.”
“That’s horrible!”
Kiril Arnaudov nodded thoughtfully. I pondered the situation.
“How did she leave the house without Barber seeing her?”
“Last night was… guests came to the house.”
This was my chance to learn who the passengers in that mysterious car were.  
“Guests?”
“Relatives of mine. Barber thinks Elena slipped out while he was helping them settle in.”
Relatives, huh? What kind of relatives showed up late at night, riding in a car with the lights off, while the host was away… They had to have been call girls. The security guards had been busy having a good time when Elena… 
I decided to play dumb. 
“An unfortunate episode. I’ll try to learn more.”
“I’m a bit surprised you haven’t found anything yet.”
“You know my options are limited.”
“What I know is that your time is running out.”
Kiril Arnaudov opened the door for me. My audience with the local feudal lord was over. I stepped out onto the sidewalk and gave Iron a nod. The guy spat on the ground and got into the car. I was genuinely surprised to see him get behind the wheel. If that brute had a driver’s license, the knowledge test must have been eliminated.
I went up to my room to get my coat. I put the needle in the table drawer and stashed the pink socks under the mattress. As if it weren’t enough that I had grabbed a bunch of Barbie socks, they were all different sizes. I hung the binoculars underneath the hand towel in the bathroom. If someone did a quick search of the room, they would find nothing suspicious.  
Galya greeted me coolly and went back to tapping on her keyboard. I didn’t have time to chat with her anyway. Hunger was slowly sapping my depleted reserves of optimism. I had to get something to eat ASAP, but the restaurant didn’t open until thirty minutes to noon. I really hoped Martin was good at making sandwiches. 
The strong wind outside made me lean forward. I didn’t want dust to fly into my eyes. They would get itchy, red and watery as if I had been crying… I crossed the street almost in slow motion until my feet finally started cooperating. A few steps before the café, I looked up. I caught sight of Martin gesticulating behind the counter. 
The two brothers working for Kiril Arnaudov—the young beefy fellas—stood before him. I wondered which one of them was the guy with the eyebrow scar. It was difficult to tell looking at their backs, so I went in. Martin, who had been talking loudly, trailed off at my appearance. The other two turned around and looked me up and down. Their eyes definitely lingered on my person before they both turned their backs on me. I had no beef with them. I sat at the bar, took off my coat and placed it on the next chair.
“Hi, guys! Hi, Martin!”
It was so obvious I had interrupted an important conversation. None of the three returned my greeting. 
“Do you make sandwiches?”
Martin hesitated, unsure about what to do next. Finally, he seemed to remember that he was at work and that talking to me was part of the job.
“Grilled cheese or ham?”
If you have ever made the mistake of ordering anything with ham in a place like that, you know he wasn’t giving me much of a choice. Small-town people would call any type of cured meat ham. No, thanks. 
“Two grilled cheese sandwiches, please.”
“Coffee?”
“Of course.”
The bartender went to a different counter and got down to preparing the food. I tried to get the two burly fellas to relax.
“That scorching heat eased off today, huh?”
The guy with the eyebrow scar leaned over to whisper something in his brother’s ear. I watched the two leave the café without a word and finally spotted the car I had borrowed from Barber and Iron, now parked outside the café. They got into the vehicle and slammed the doors shut but didn’t drive off. They were waiting for the right moment to resume their chitchat with Martin. Clearly, they had important things do discuss. 
“What were you talking about?”
“Who?”
“You and those two guys.”
“Uh, nothing… about the game… last night. Did you watch it?”
I hate it when people try to sell me veal sausage as ham. But I hate it even more when people try to sell me bullcrap as truth. 
“Martin…”
“What do you care?”
I wondered how many people visited this café a day. I reckoned somewhere between twenty and fifty was a good guess. Maybe sixty on a busy day. Two thirds of those didn’t know what tipping was. The rest probably tipped less than five percent. That was life in the country. So, he raked in one or two bucks a day. No wonder Martin loved his job so much. 
I put yet another five on the counter and checked what was on TV. This time, it was a ski-jumping competition. The young man took the bill and put a roll of napkins on its spot.   
“You.”
“Sorry?”
“We talked about you.”
“Really?”
“Yes.”
“What did they want to know about me?”
“Everything I could tell them. Where you’re from, what you’re doing in town and why you come to the café so often. Stuff like that. They were most interested to know if you’d showed your face last night.” 
“Showed my face where?”
“Here, in the café.”
“I see. What did you tell them?”
“Nothing.”
“Nothing? They don’t look like people who would settle for nothing.”
“Nothing of what you and I have talked about. I told them you are a close-lipped oddball.”
That sounded like a compliment. Or maybe Martin was just sucking up to me so he could wheedle another five out of me. 
“How late did you work last night?”
“Half past ten, like any other day. Why?”
“And then?”
“What do you mean?”
“Where did you go after closing up?”
“Home. Why?”
“Is there anyone who can confirm this?”
“What are you…”
“Is there anyone who can confirm that you went straight home and didn’t leave the house again until this morning?” 
“Well, yes.”
“Good. I can check you off the list, then.”
The smell of burned cheese wafted across the café. 
“Check on the sandwiches.”
Martin turned around, took out the grilled cheese sandwiches and put them on a plate. He went about arranging it with slices of tomatoes and cucumbers. I doubted he could perform this task any slower. Martin’s sloth-like speed set my teeth on edge. 
“Forget the garnish. Get this plate over here, I’m starving.”
I had to wait some more since the sandwiches were too hot, which I discovered the hard way. While I was struggling to suck in some cool air, Martin tipped his chin toward the plate:
“Careful, might be hot,” he warned belatedly. 
I must have sent him a nasty look because he stepped back and threw a quick glance at the street. Discreetly, of course, how else. 
“Why are you questioning me?”
“Because I like you and don’t want you to get hurt. Now that I know you were quiet last night, I don’t have to worry about you falling under suspicion.”
“Suspicion of what?”
“Doesn’t matter. Has anyone else asked you about me?”
“No. Why?”
“Bistra Avramova?”
“Who is she?”
“Forget it. Could I get some coffee?”
“Oh, sorry.”
“Don’t stand in front of me. It’s bad optics.”
Martin stepped away and glanced at the parked car again. I was sure the two thugs were watching us. They weren’t going to buy the closed-lipped oddball story now, but that was the bartender’s problem. They didn’t want to talk to me anyway. I was about to make them, though.
Martin placed a porcelain cup in front of me and went back to the sink, desperately trying to look busy. I stirred some sugar into my coffee and took a big gulp. Now that was better. I took my plate and stood up. 
“I’ll be right back. Don’t you pour my coffee away…”
It had happened to me before. I go to the restroom and by the time I get back some waitress has already picked up my almost-finished coffee. A travesty since the last sip is always the most delicious.
28. 
Life had taught me that it’s never a good thing when a thug goes around asking about me. It was my turn to ask the two beefy fellas some questions. The little I knew about them suggested they would be quick to reach for their guns. 
I went out onto the street and leaned over the driver’s window. I knocked and the window buzzed halfway open—enough for me to see a scarred eyebrow and a furrowed brow. It might have been an optical illusion, but I thought there was barely two fingers worth of space between said eyebrow and the hairline. 
“What do you want?” 
“I got you sandwiches, boys.”
“Get lost.”
The window buzzed shut. I opened the back door and jumped into the car. On the inside, it looked smaller than what I remembered from that rainy night. It smelled worse too—of stale air.
“You’re going to suffocate in hear, fellas. Could you please open the window to let some fresh air in?”
“I told you to get lost!”
“There, there. I come in peace.”
They had clearly been instructed by Kiril Arnaudov not to touch me; otherwise, they would have beaten the crap out of me by now. The two of them were barely restraining themselves as it was. I have noticed that yolked types have short fuses. It is probably all that protein powder they stuff themselves with at the gym. I started nibbling the crust of one sandwich and smacking my lips for good measure. That ought to drive them crazy.  
“What are you staring at, blockhead?” The guy in the front passenger seat was watching me in the rearview mirror. 
Travelling around Bulgaria sure was nice—you meet new people, learn new words… Blockhead, I had never heard that one before. I doubted it was some kind of local slang for a great compliment. The thug probably expected me to fight him. I have noticed that yolked types are not that smart. Someone’s gun was in the tunnel console. Perhaps strapping on a gun made putting on a seatbelt inconvenient. Although I doubted those fellas cared about following road safety rules. 
“I’m looking at you. You have a problem?”
The thug twisted in his seat and his biceps bulged. Now his eyes bored into me at point-blank range. 
“Get out!”
“I don’t think so.”
I was still nibbling a sandwich. Grease from the melted cheese trickled down my fingers so I flipped open the napkin to wipe them clean… and found a knife and a fork. I was such an idiot! Martin had given me flatware so I could eat like a civilized person… That discovery shifted the balance of power in the car somewhat.  
I balled my right hand in a fist and slammed it into the side of the thug’s face. He groaned and bent forward. I have noticed that yolked types are not as tough as they look. I grabbed the gun and shook it out of its holster. With my left hand, I pulled the breech block. I loaded a cartridge into the chamber, disengaged the safety and pointed the gun at the bleeding nose of Mr. Blockhead. My left hand looped around the headrest and pressed the knife to the driver’s neck. I paused for a beat to allow the two large-scale individuals to get a feel for the situation.  
“I’ve been locked up in a psychiatric hospital, fellas. If I kill you, I won’t do jail time. They’ll just send me back to the hospital for treatment. I’ll have a blast there—I’ll sleep all day in clean white sheets, pop free drugs and grope the nurses. I won’t even remember you. So don’t try anything stupid!”
“You’re in big trouble,” the guy with the eyebrow scar said slowly. The knife in my hand bobbed along with his Adam’s apple. 
“I know. That’s why I’m capable of anything. Get it?”
“You aren’t getting out of this town.”
“I don’t want to.”
“What do you want?”
“I want you to tell me why those old men visit Elena Arnaudova?”
“What old men?”
I said a silent prayer that the knife was sharp enough and slid it to the side, cutting the flesh underneath. The thug squealed as if I had taken his head off. Coward. Wuss. Whiner. Should I go on with my impressions of yolked types? I put the blade to a spot of healthy skin and pressed again. 
“What business do those old men have with Elena Arnaudova?”
“I don’t know anything about old men.”
There had to be another gun in the car. I didn’t know which one of the two thugs had it and I sure didn’t want to be the last one to find out. 
“Gentlemen, would you please put your hands on the dashboard? My nerves are frayed and I really don’t want to hurt you.”
They seemed to hesitate for a moment before complying. Reason prevailed. 
“Thank you. So, why are those old men visiting Elena, you say?”
“You’re a dead man.”
“Not before I get my answer.”
“You’re asking the wrong people.”
“Who should I ask?”
The thug with the busted nose went to wipe the blood off his face. It was just a reflexive move but I had to squash it. I shoved the muzzle of the gun behind his ear. He gritted his teeth so hard that I felt the crunching sound travel up the metal. 
“Move again and I’ll blow your brains out.”
My warning sounded ridiculous to my own ears—he clearly had shit for brains—but it produced the desired effect.  
“Don’t shoot! It wasn’t on purpose.”
“I’ll shoot you like a dog if your brother doesn’t give me an answer!”
“He’s not my brother!”
That didn’t change a thing. 
“I decide who is what, got it?”
“OK, OK, just don’t shoot, damn it!”
“I’ll shoot!”
“Don’t, please!”
“I’ll kill you! I’ll kill you both!”
“Don’t kill me! I’ll tell you everything.”
“Talk!”
“What do you want to know?”
“Why do retirees visit Elena?”
“They pay her to strip for them.”
The other guy stirred in the driver’s seat. Our conversation clearly made him nervous. He was yet to muster the courage to knock the knife out of my hand and turn around to snatch the gun. 
“Strip? Is that it?”
“Yes.”
“No banging?”  
“No.”
That would remain subject of further investigation. 
“Does Elena entertain only old men from Poplarville. Or does she have visitors from elsewhere?”
“Just locals.”
I remembered Elena’s bedroom… the tin box full of bills. Those earnings couldn’t be solely from the locals, could they? How generous could those people be? 
“They pay her, huh?”
“Yes.”
“Her father is filthy rich. Why would she need to hustle?”
“I don’t know.”
“Are you lying to me?”
“No!”
“What does Elena need money for? There’s nothing to spend it on in Poplarville.”
“I don’t know.”
I couldn’t imagine her reason. Was she saving for a trip around the world? 
“Why do all those lawyers come here?”
“What lawyers?”
I shoved the gun in the crook behind his year hard. 
“Don’t play dumb with me! You know what lawyers.”
“I don’t know anything about lawyers. Only old men visit her.”
A random thought popped into my head.
“Notaries. Why do all those notaries come here?”
“I don’t know anything, man. We’re here to make sure that Kiril Arnaudov…”
The guy with the eyebrow scar yelled out a word, which had the effect of pulling the hand brake on his partner. I couldn’t quite hear it, but it was probably another local zinger. The beefy guy shut his mouth and the car went silent. The only sound was the guy’s busted nose whistling. 
“Does her father know?”
Not a peep. I repeated the question twice, although I already knew the answer. Time to shoot someone’s joint to keep the civil conversation going. Unfortunately, both my companions were too young to be deprived of their sports aspirations. Plus, this wasn’t a matter of life and death. I was just trying to have a chat with two grumps. So, I put the gun away, deciding it was enough torture for the day. The two thugs, however, had other ideas. 
Mr. Eyebrow finally grabbed my left hand and twisted it toward the window. The knife bounced off the door trim on its way down. The other guy slammed my right hand down toward the gear lever and pulled the gun out. Unfortunately, my forefinger got stuck in the trigger loop. For a split second, nothing happened. 
If you have never had to fire a gun inside a car with all the windows closed, you wouldn’t know what it’s like. There is a bang, then none of the passengers are able to hear anything. Except the high-pitched static noise in their ears. If you really must do it, at least keep your mouth open, it limits the damage. Mine had been open because, at the exact moment the gun discharged, I had been saying “Don’t do it!” 
The bullet left a small whole in the car radio. Pieces of black plastic flew everywhere and the air filled with the acrid smell of gunpowder. The two beefy fellas doubled over, holding their heads. I opened the door and jumped out onto the sidewalk. I had a splitting headache. 
Staggering and using the café window for support, I managed to sneak in and get to the restroom. I splashed my face with water, cupped my hands and took a couple of sips that barely made it past my tight throat. Stupid bastards! 
I went back to the bar. Martin was asking me something, but his voice reached me as if through a metal pipe. A very long, cold and shiny metal pipe. I couldn’t make out a word of what he was saying. I didn’t even hear my own voice as I told Martin call the police. He glanced fearfully toward the car outside, then noticed the gun I was still clutching and instinctively drew back. He pulled out his cell phone and made the call. 
My coffee was still warm. I put the gun aside and scooped half a spoon of sugar from the sugar bowl. My hand was trembling and the smooth countertop got peppered with white crystals. I stirred my coffee a couple of times and drained it in one go. The bitter-sweet liquid soothed my nerves and filled me with deep pessimism. Because of the realization I might not get another good coffee in the next seventy-two hours. That was how long I though Bistra Avramova would keep me in the lock-up. Unless she had me transported to Sofia with armed escort. Let the police in the capital deal with me. 
Stupid bastards!
The stupid bastards were already on their feet and out of the car. Eyebrow was looking around with a determined gleam in his eyes as if he expected to see me running down the street. He was holding a baseball bat. The other one opened the trunk and pulled out a large four-way lug wrench. I almost choked on my coffee—those two were prepared for some old-fashioned fun. Someone should really remind them this was the twenty-first century.  
No matter how stupid they were, the thugs would think to check the café sooner or later. I still had the gun, which gave me some advantage, but I wasn’t sure I would have the courage to use it. Those two were a little too inconvenient of a target. They were annoying, yes, but they couldn’t possibly anger me enough to… I could only hope the police chief would send her people in time. Perhaps shootings were rare enough in Poplarville that Bistra Avramova would take the incident seriously. I hoped so. I even had a vision of a police car. 
It wasn’t a vision. A police vehicle did stop behind the thugs’ car. Whatever Martin had said during that call, he couldn’t have been that convincing because my dear friends “Sinister” Lacho and “Kickass” Lyubo were the ones coming to the rescue. Good Lord! Next to the two goons, the cops looked like Kinder Surprise toys. Lyubo brought his big nose forward and tried to tell Eyebrow something. He was probably politely asking him to put the bat down. The other guy didn’t even acknowledge him, just kept looking around. He suddenly froze and turned toward the café. Toward me. He saw me despite the tinted window; the jazzy overhead lamps cast enough light. 
I grabbed the gun, finished my coffee and stood up. I wanted to show my guests some respect and welcome them. 
The beefy fellas stormed into the café happy they had me cornered. At the sight of the gun trained at them, they stopped a few steps away, their smiles vanishing. One of the few benefits of accidentally discharging a firearm is the increased respect you get. Having seen you shooting, people know you could do it again at any point. They get more cautious and willing to believe your warnings. 
“Go back two steps!”
I was worried their ears were still ringing and they wouldn’t hear me. They did. Or just sensed they shouldn’t come any closer. Either way, they stood in the middle of the café with dumb looks on their faces. I suspected that, in a second, they would split and try to flank me as a way to divide my attention. That was the extent of their imagination. 
If you happen to run into yolked types in a small town, keep in mind they don’t make formidable foes. Because they are yolked, no one dares to fight them. They spend years and years in peaceful bliss. In the meantime, they miss out on the chance to hone their fighting skills. Normally, the height of their hand-to-hand combat experience is some drunken scuffle.    
As for my real-life experience… All sorts of people had had a crack at me… I had been involved in dozens, hundreds of skirmishes, faced worthy and unworthy opponents. I had hit and been hit, I had shot and been shot at, I had come on top and been on the losing side. That is how real life works—success follows defeat and vice versa. To be honest, I had a losing overall record. But I was still alive, whole and in good health. 
“Drop the gun!”
Lyubo, who had apparently crept behind Eyebrow and Blockhead, suddenly popped up between them like a mushroom after heavy rainfall. There was a gun in his outstretched hands and I saw its barrel shaking, even though Lyubo had a strangle hold on the grip. For a second, I thought one of the beefy fellas might turn around and slap him upside the head. That Longnose might cry and leave the scene. 
“Drop the gun and get on the ground with your hands behind your head!” 
He sounded like the instructor in an aerobics video. I was starting to wonder what his police training had actually involved. How many criminals had “Kickass” Lyubo caught? At how many of them had he shot? How many times had he hit the mark? 
We were at an impasse. If I dropped the gun, the two thugs would immediately jump me. Neither Lyubo nor Lacho would be able to save me from their wrath. I would leave the café ground and flattened like a piece of sudzhuk.  On the other hand, no police officer would sit idle in the face of a pointed gun. Lyubo’s whole training dictated that he should act to disarm me. At that moment, I had no way of explaining to him that I was one of the good guys—he wasn’t seeing or hearing me, his entire being was concentrated on the gun in my hands. I worried his nerves wouldn’t stand the highly charged situation. 
Lyubo might not have been handsome, but he lived up to my nickname for him. He aimed at the ceiling and fired a warning shot, then brought the gun back down. Pieces of the suspended ceiling rained down on us. 
“Drop the gun and get on the ground with your hands behind your head!” 
“Or what?”
Let me give you a piece of advice for free—do not try to act cooler than you really are. 
Lyubo didn’t hesitate. He aimed and fired. 
At me. 
My first reaction was surprise. Huh, I thought, the boy has guts. I smiled because my suspicions about his poor aim had been proven right. Then the pain hit me like a ton of bricks.
29.
I get really mad every time I wake up in a hospital with a gunshot wound. I replay the events in my head—searching for the moment it had all gone wrong for me, thinking what I could’ve done to avoid getting shot at. Or at least getting wounded. In this specific case, I could have just followed the police officer’s orders and allowed myself to get arrested, or whatever my fate would have been. 
Got to give the cop credit, though. He had done an excellent job. At least that was what the doctor said. The bullet had gone clean through the muscle of my right thigh. No bone damage, no arteries cut, no tendons torn. 
I felt like ripping his head off, that bastard! He had some nerve shooting at me! 
The doctor gave me a couple of friendly taps on the shoulder. I knew what was coming next—you got lucky, this was the lesser of two evils—and so on and so forth. I had heard these wise words more times than I had heard my name used. But the doctor surprised me. 
“Emil, my boy… Next time you better listen to the police officer.”
He scratched his white-haired head and smiled. His name was embroidered on the pocket of his white coat: Doctor Nikola Belchev. Funny how that left the impression his given name was Doctor. I was pretty sure his friends called him Nikola, though. His wristwatch said half past six. It had gotten dark outside. Or was it still dark? I had no idea if it was early evening or early morning. I looked to the window and finally noticed Bistra Avramova. She was sitting on the bed next to mine, patiently waiting for her turn. 
The doctor started saying something, but then reconsidered. He probably decided that a smartass and a policewoman were not the best audience for his sophisticated musings. He pulled out a pack of cigarettes, cleared his throat and left the room. Once again, I found myself alone with Bistra Avramova. Would she tell me more about plant lice and larvae?   
“Kiss off!”
I seemed to remember someone telling me the police chief wasn’t from Poplarville. Yet, here she was, showing off her command of the local elite’s slang. 
“Would you like to tell me again how you were doing nothing wrong?” she said, smiling. “They were harassing you?” 
“I was doing nothing wrong,” I said, returning her smile. “They were harassing me.” 
“You’re stubborn. More stubborn than smart.”
Those local compliments were tricky to decipher, so I chose not to respond.
“Why didn’t you get on the bus that day?”
At least now I was sure she wasn’t from Sofia. Most residents of the capital these days spoke in atrocious accents. 
“You fire an illegal gun at two innocent citizens. You enter a café, a place of social gathering, and take a hostage. You point a gun at an officer of the law. And then there’s this…”
Bistra Avramova opened a file that had been lying next to her and handed me a sheet of paper filled with writing. I expected it to be a list of the banned substances found in my body during the operation. Intrigued, I took the sheet and skimmed it. It turned out to be a harassment complaint filed by Elena Arnaudova. There were allegations about following, stalking, phone calls, visits, threats… followed by a detailed description of all sorts of fabrications. I couldn’t follow the story all that well because the poor spelling kept throwing me off. From what I was able to gather, the girl had gone through an ordeal because of me. I doubted any investigator worth their salt would take this drivel seriously. 
“I see that the young miss has many talents.”
“Do you find this funny?”
“Honestly, no.”
“Because at this point all I can promise you is due process.”
“Unless.”
“Unless what?”
“I don’t know. Usually this is the point where police officers tell me unless you cooperate. Or something of that nature.”
“Can you be serious for two minutes?”
“I can give you a minute and a half.”
Bistra Avramova stood up, went to the door and cracked it open. She checked the corridor, closed the door and returned to the bed. Her suit jacket moved gracefully with her. 
“I warned you to stay away.”
“From what, though?”
“From the Arnaudov family.”
“Why?”
“You didn’t listen to me. Last night you followed Elena. Why?”
“I have never followed her. Every word in this claim is a lie.”
“I’m not talking about the claim. I have other sources.”
“I’m not following her!”
“On the contrary! My colleague saw you and went after you. You crossed the entire town—from the Arnaudov residence all the way to the industrial zone.”
“I took a walk.”
“Wait till Kiril Arnaudov finds out that you’re following her… He’ll walk you all the way to…”
It was time to raise the stakes of this conversation. 
“Are the two of you lovers?”
The police chief looked at me as if she thought I was delirious. 
“Excuse me?”
“Are you and Kiril Arnaudov having intimate relations?”
“Excuse me?!”
“Are you fucking?”
“I? Arnaudov?”
“I don’t care to know who’s on top.”
“Mr. Milev… I see that your minute and a half of being serious is over.”
“Quite the opposite. Your turn now.”
“This conversation is over. Goodbye.”
Bistra Avramova stood up and adjusted her skirt. 
“I don’t have enough people or I would station an officer outside your room. In case someone tries to settle a score with you.”
“I don’t need to be protected, Mrs. Avramova. Thank you for your concern, though.”
“Dr. Belchev said I can transfer you to the lock-up on Monday.”
Perhaps his given name was Doctor, after all. 
“Until then, be careful,” the police chief advised with a smile. “On the bright side, you can’t run away with a wounded leg.”
This woman was too decent to be Kiril Arnaudov’s lover. Too decent to be a police officer, for that matter. Definitely too decent to play the bad cop. 
“I’m sorry.”
“Excuse me?”
“I’m sorry and I want to apologize. You’re too nice for me to act like an idiot. You don’t deserve it. I apologize.”
Bistra Avramova gave me a long stare as if looking for signs of sarcasm. I wasn’t being sarcastic; I was truly sorry. She seemed caught off guard by my words. And pleased. 
“Apology accepted. Thank you.”
“No, thank you for visiting me.”
Something flashed in her eyes—there and gone again. It was just as I had imagined it. The long years of having to deal with people like me had dimmed the sparkle in this young woman’s eyes. But somewhere deep in her soul the fire was still burning. I would have to be on my best behavior if I didn’t want to push her away for good.
“Please take a seat.”
Bistra Avramova came back and sat on the bed next to me. 
“Let’s start over,” I suggested. “I think we are interested in the same things.”
“You and I?!”
“Yes.”
“Like what?”
“Kiril Arnaudov, for example.”
The police chief’s spine stiffened a bit. 
“We already went over this…”
“What kind of business is Kiril Arnaudov in?”
“Excuse me?”
“What type of business is Kiril Arnaudov in? And don’t tell me that he earns millions making socks.”
“As far as I know, Mr. Arnaudov has various business interests. Including in the fields of manufacturing, trade, services and real estate.”
That sounded like something she had read in Wikipedia. 
“I don’t have the details and I’m not interested to know them. I don’t stick my nose in my lovers’ personal affairs.”
In my entire adult life, I had met only one other police officer with a sense of humor. This woman was starting to grow on me. I wanted to make a good impression. 
“You’re new to town. Perhaps in time you’ll earn the respect of the locals. For now, though, you’re an outsider. Just like me. No one will fully trust you; no one will stand firmly by your side. I suggest that we team up.”
“Team up? What are we playing at, Mr. Milev?”
“Saving the good from the oppression of the evil.”
“No deal.”
“I can’t do it alone.”
“Excuse me?”
“I know what needs to be done, but I can’t do it alone. I need your help.”
“Forget it, Mr. Milev,” Bistra Avramova took a deep breath and shook her head. “I already have enough to… and if you’re trying to… play at Robin Hood…”
I had to win her over. I really wouldn’t be able to manage without her. 
“I need a good photographer.”
Bistra Avramova stopped breathing for about five seconds. I could almost hear her mind racing. 
“A photographer… I could ask around… What is the job?”
“Night photo shoots.”
This time it seemed like her heart stopped for about ten seconds. She was probably starting to realize I wasn’t that silly and two-dimensional. That I might know about her more than she would like. Including those paparazzi photos she took of Elena Arnaudova’s late-night erotic show. 
“Mr. Milev… You and I cannot be on the same team. Get that through your head. And one more thing.”
“What?”
“Stay away.”
This could mean only one thing. Bistra Avramova had stumbled upon something bigger than Elena’s striptease sessions. Bigger than her father’s smuggled cigarettes. Perhaps Avramova was conducting a massive investigation into Kiril Arnaudov—a project in which she had invested a lot of time and effort—and saw me solely as a threat to the success of that probe. If I kept acting a fool, I could blow this. 
I couldn’t help but be intrigued. All my senses perked up like the antennae of an American satellite going over Russian territory… or vice versa. 
“You know about the late-night shows that Miss Arnaudova puts on,” I had to show her that I hadn’t been twiddling my thumbs either; that I had made some inroads into enemy territory. “I assume you know about the airport hangar too?”
“No comment.”
“What about the basement of the sock factory?”
I saw her left eyebrow twitch. Maybe she hadn’t gotten that far yet.
“What about it?”
“No comment.”
The police chief flicked back a bleached lock of hair and stared into my eyes. 
“What do you want?”
“Lavazza.”
“Excuse me?”
“One spoon of sugar. Bring me coffee and let’s talk.”
30.
“That’s all they had.”   
Bistra Avramova had gotten me some brew from the vending machine by the hospital entrance. It took some imagination but the dark liquid passed as coffee. From the early days of civilization.  
“Is it morning or evening?”
“It’s five past seven in the evening. Why?”
“What happened to the two brothers?”
“What brothers?” the police chief probably thought I had had an interesting dream while under anesthesia. 
“The ones I had a disagreement with before ‘Kickass’ Lyubo shot me.” 
“‘Kickass’ Lyubo?!” Bistra smiled. “Those two are not brothers. I know little about them beyond the fact that they’re always by Kiril Arnaudov’s side.”
“Aren’t they his bodyguards?”
“No. Mr. Arnaudov has only two bodyguards. Those two aren’t them.”
So, my buddies Barber and Iron constituted the entire team of bodyguards. They had to be busting their asses around the clock. Either Kiril Arnaudov paid them crazy good money or they were crazy for him. 
“What is the role of those two, then?”
“They seem to be keeping an eye on him.”
“I don’t get it.”
“So that he doesn’t disappear. So that he doesn’t get any stupid ideas. So that he knows he’s being watched.”
It hadn’t occurred to me that Kiril Arnaudov himself might be living in a gilded cage. 
“He owes someone a lot of money.”
Bistra Avramova nodded thoughtfully.
“It is more likely that he is a key cog in some massive, complex scheme.”
The police chief had clearly had more time to dig and analyze than me. 
“But they’re pretty… naïve. Kiril Arnaudov could slip them any time he wants to.”
“Where would he go?! Someone sent them to remind Arnaudov that he is being watched every second of every day, to demonstrate power. Arnaudov would never think to run away and the guy above him on the totem pole knows it very well. Even so, there’s no substitute for demanding respect.”
We were entering uncharted waters, where one could easily get lost. 
“Mrs. Avramova… With all due respect, I think that… Yes, those two are exactly what you say they are. But they’re here for Elena Arnaudova, not her father. It’s her they’re keeping an eye on…”
She thought about it, then shook her head. 
“That doesn’t make sense. You’re wrong.”
“I’m not wrong. Maybe she’s the one who has gotten involved in a massive, complex scheme?”
“I haven’t seen her do much beyond taking the savings of the town’s elderly men. She barely leaves the house, for God’s sake!”
“Have you heard anything about lawyers coming to Poplarville from time to time?”
“Well, Elena’s clientele is quite varied. All sorts of strangers come here.”
Bistra Avramova thought for a second and smiled.
“It’s funny, no matter how different those old fools are, they all look alike in Elena’s room.”
“Have you wondered if anyone of them might be a notary?” 
“I don’t know their professions. There may be doctors, architects…”
“Legal practitioners…”
“What are you getting at?”
“When does a person require the services of a notary?”
Bistra Avramova smiled and reminded me of a student who had just picked out the easiest question at an exam. 
“When they make their last will and testament.”
“Well… both Elena and Kiril are quite…”
“I’m joking.”
Maybe I was rubbing off on her. I have been known to have such an effect on intelligent people. 
“Property deals,” the police chief said, shaking her head. “That’s the only explanation for those visits.”
“And Elena’s show,” I finished her thought, “is just a reward for a job well done.”
“Monster!”
I must have made an indignant face because Bistra Avramova was quick to specify. 
“I meant Kiril Arnaudov.”
“But why doesn’t he go to them? Why do they have to come to him?”
“Perhaps he just pays them well.”
I tried to imagine a notary leaving his office in Vratsa or Pleven and rushing to Poplarville to make a hundred bucks. Yeah, right. 
“I don’t think money is the incentive here. There’s no such thing as a poor notary.”
“So, his daughter is the temptation.”
“What does he gain from selling her out like that?”
“That’s how he gets them to keep their mouths shut and not ask questions.”
“His property deals aren’t completely aboveboard.” 
“Or they are straight up dubious.”
Bistra Avramova and I ought to have high-fived at that moment. But I was sitting on my bed, propped up against two pillows, while she was sitting on the bed next to mine, gazing at the tiles above my head. There was sadness in her eyes. Not that she looked sad precisely… It was like she had witnessed too many broken lives. It was the same bone-deep sadness I had seen in the eyes of the old gentleman at the hotel’s reception desk. Stephan Ignatov. He had told me everything I needed to know. I just hadn’t realized it until now. 
“No, no, no.”
“What?” The police chief was still gazing at a spot above my head. Maybe she had moved on to studying the grout joints. 
“This is not about deals, at all.”
“What, then?”
“When someone in Poplarville offends Kiril Arnaudov, that person loses their property as punishment.”
“What?!” 
“Seizure of property. One strike and you’re done! You lose everything—the house, the fields, the car… everything you own.”
“This is the first time I’m hearing of this,” Bistra Avramova said distractedly as if she was trying to remember something. “No, this is complete nonsense.”
“A friend of mine is aware of about ten cases. I suspect there are more.”
“But how? This is illegal!”
“And we think Kiril Arnaudov is such a law-abiding citizen…”
“This is too egregious. I would’ve heard something.”
“It’s an open secret. It is just that people are too afraid to talk.”
“Impossible!”
“To legalize his acquisitions, Mr. Arnaudov needs a notary who won’t ask questions.”
Bistra Avramova took my empty cup and threw it into a trash can by the door. 
“No. We’re way off.”
“Why?”
“Because notaries operate similarly to police officers—they’re responsible for certain areas. There’s no way a notary from Sofia could verify a property deal in Poplarville.”
“Who is supposed to verify this deal?”
“The local notary.”
“Does Poplarville have its own notary?”
“It used to, until recently. As far as I know, they’re looking for a replacement.”
“Let me guess,” I said, forcing a smile. “The previous notary died during a hunting accident?”
“No. He was shot dead in his tub.”
“Really?”
“I’m joking. I don’t know.”
I threw Bistra Avramova a sharp look and went back to developing my theory. 
“Anyway, now that the town is without a notary, where does Kiril Arnaudov go if he wants a deal verified?”
“The nearest notary, I suppose.”
That sounded uncomfortably similar to that phrase the nearest police department. 
“Might that person be in Vratsa? Or Pleven?”
“There’s probably someone closer,” the police chief did not share my enthusiasm, at all. “I’ll have to check.”
“Let’s assume there’s no one closer. Then, Kiril Arnaudov has to use the services of notaries from areas that are further away. That suits him just fine because there will be less talk.”
“What stops those notaries from talking?” Bistra Avramova asked, still looking for holes in my theory. 
“They’re too far away from Poplarville. What does a notary in Vratsa care about irregularities in some small town on the Danube?”
“Well, people like to talk, just in general.”
“Perhaps he threatens them.”
“No, wait,” the police chief narrowed her eyes as if realizing she had missed something. “It’s not that.”
“Well, what is it?”
“Elena is Kiril Arnaudov’s insurance policy. There must be a hidden camera in her room filming… you know what. Later, they show those notaries the video and make them keep silent.”
“Gross!”
“That’s how big business is done, Mr. Milev. By getting your hands dirty.”
I rarely pity people, but that’s what I felt at that moment—pity. For Elena Arnaudova. Her own father whored her out to his clients. In her spare time, she ran to some monster who treated her like a pin cushion. If I were her, I wouldn’t be able to take that for too long. 
“What about Elena? Why is she putting up with this? Why hasn’t she run away?”
“Elena is an odd bird,” Bistra Avramova said, shrugging her shoulders. “I haven’t been able to find much about her. As far as I know, Kiril Arnaudov has never started a family. He has never been married and, at least officially, he has no children. Elena is probably the product of some mistake he made in his youth.”
“An illegitimate child?”
“Exactly. She came to Poplarville five years ago. That much, at least, I was able to confirm. But she must have changed her name because it’s like she never existed before that.”
“Any rumors going around?”
“Some locals say Elena showed up to town after her mother’s death.”
“So, the absent father suddenly remembered he had a daughter?”
“He might have supported the mother financially prior to that. I couldn’t find anything in that regard.”
“But why did he take Elena in? Why didn’t he send her away?”
“I don’t know. Maybe he developed a conscience.”
I tried to picture Kiril Arnaudov as a recipient of the Most Dutiful Man of the Republic award… 
 “Yeah, right! And why would she be foolish enough to come to Poplarville in the first place?”
“Maybe she was craving some sense of security after all those years of struggling alone with her mother.”
Bistra Avramova might be a police officer, but she was still a woman and that came with certain ideas about motherhood, fatherly duty, etc. I wouldn’t be surprised if she mentioned the Oedipus complex at some point. I, on the other hand, was more cynical than her—I simply remembered certain life lessons, which had thought me that, in the end, everything came down to money. In any situation, follow the money and you’ll be able to figure out the motivations of the different players. Still, I followed Avramova’s logic and stayed in the romantic realm. 
“Or maybe she was running from something.”
“Like what?”
“An ex-boyfriend, an embarrassing mistake, the law…”
“I doubt it. There would be some signs if that was the case. There’s nothing.”
“Maybe she never intended to stay here for long,” just like me, I thought, “but she found the love of her life and decided to stick around.” 
“Now they see each other at the sock factory?”
She was quick, all right.
“Maybe.”
“What were you going to tell me about the basement of the factory?”
Whatever drugs were in my system, their effect was starting to wear off. A quickly intensifying pain crept up my thigh. Maybe it was time to call for the nurse. But first, I had to send the police chief away. Nicely. 
“I feel tired. Would you mind if we leave this conversation for another time?”
“Of course, not.”
“We’ll talk tomorrow.”
“No, we won’t,” Bistra stood up, picked up her file and adjusted her skirt and suit jacket for the umpteenth time. “There’s only one person in this room authorized to conduct an investigation, and that person is not you. Don’t forget you’re a suspect too. Good night!”
The door clicked shut behind her. A whiff of exotic shampoo caressed my face—mango, papaya, coconut and something that spoiled the magic. The soft plopping of my IV punctuated the quiet. 
I closed my eyes and finally felt how much energy that long conversation had taken out of me. My head wanted to explode into tiny pieces that would then burst into even tinier pieces. That happened to me whenever I was stressed out. I have a tried-and-tested strategy for such occasions too. I entertain myself with silly rhymes to take my mind off the pain. I sit in a hospital room, outside falls winter gloom. My companion is Bistra all the way from Silistra. She has warm eyes and a nice butt, her hair smells of coconut.
IV is dripping, my bandage is slipping. 
Cannula, cannula. Lawyer eating granola. 
Beside him a lawmaker fighting off the undertaker.
Lawmaker! 
I laughed out loud. How did I not think of this earlier?! A lawmaker! 
Notaries, my ass! 
No lawyers or notaries were involved here. It was the partners in Kiril Arnaudov’s big business that came to visit Elena every once in a while. The heavy hitters with political affiliations. Fellas who put down National Assembly as their workplace. 
I had no more energy left. Physical discomfort was starting to take over. It was time for my evening helping of painkillers.
31. 
“You can’t leave.”
Dr. Belchev had come to check on me first thing in the morning. Guess I was his most interesting patient. From a purely medical point of view, of course. 
“You’re making a nice recovery, no complications. Still, we’ll keep you under observation for the weekend.”
“The weekend? Doctor, I don’t have that much time to waste.”
“What’s the hurry? I can always operate on you again if you want…”
“I have work to do.”
“Work? You’ll barely be able to put pressure on that leg for a few days. Full recovery will take weeks. Until that time—no manual work, no strenuous activity.”
Maybe I should have invoked the name of the local feudal lord. 
“Doctor, you don’t get it. I gave someone my word that I would finish this job by Sunday evening. If I don’t keep my word, he’ll lose patience and I’ll lose money.”
“That reminds me… There’s this other matter to settle…”
“What?”
“You don’t have health insurance. You’ll have to pay out of pocket.”
That was a relief. Better than telling me he had botched the operation and cut something he shouldn’t have. 
“No problem, put my expenses on Kiril Arnaudov’s bill.”
The doctor’s shoulders stiffened. Apparently, the mere mention of the Arnaudov family name was enough to set people in this town on edge. 
“Pardon?”
“Kiril Arnaudov will cover my hospital bill.”
“I don’t understand.”
“I’m his guest. He is paying for my stay here.”
“Are you sure?” 
“Would I, or anyone, dare to joke about such a thing?”
The doctor thought about it for a second, then shook his head. 
“Unlikely.”
“Precisely. Can I go do my job now?”
“If by go you mean walking, no.”
“Could you at least take off this IV? It’s getting on my nerves.”
“I’ll tell the nurse. How are you feeling?”
“Screwed.”
“I was asking if you’re experiencing any discomfort? Queasiness or headache?”
“No.”
“Nausea, vomiting?”
“No, none of the above. I’m fine.”
Dr. Belchev checked my pulse and took a peek at my pupils.
“Excellent,” he concluded and went to leave the room. “See you on Monday!”
“May I ask you something?”
“I’m all ears.”
“It is about Elena Arnaudova, the other night.”
That stiffening of the shoulders again. 
“What about her?”  
“What do you mean? Didn’t they call you?”
“Who?”
I remembered that Barber had been the one to find her outside the gate.
“Mr. Arnaudov’s security people, for example.”
“No. Why would they have called me?”
“To treat her wounds and giver her something to shake off the drugs.”
“Drugs? Elena drugged? I think you’re mistaken.”
“No, I’m not. I’ve seen drugged girls before.”
“Maybe you saw someone who only looks like Elena.”
I should have known the doctor wouldn’t discuss the heiress’s vices with just anyone. Probably out of equal parts ethics considerations and loyalty to Kiril Arnaudov. 
“Dr. Belchev… Kiril Arnaudov himself told me that earlier you helped Elena get back on her feet in no time.”
“You’ve misunderstood. Elena has never done drugs.”
“What about the marks on her shoulders?”
“What marks?”
“Elena showed them to me. I saw them with my own eyes.”
“Emil… I believe that the anesthesia took you to a different world. It’s in your best interest to return to reality as soon as possible and forget your strange dreams. It will speed up your recovery. Now, if you’ll excuse me.”
It wasn’t until the doctor’s words had sunk in that I realized something—whoever was doing this to Elena, they were being extremely calculated. Careful. Watching her strip, I had seen something that only now fully registered. She had been dancing with her hair down, which covered up the marks on her neck and shoulders. The marks on her legs were concealed by high lace stockings… That way, she could put on her shows without anyone noticing the traces of her nighttime adventures. Elena might be into masochism and doing drugs, but she was wise enough not to jeopardize her day job. 
I had snuck out the back door of a hospital before. But I had never done it on a bad leg sporting a gunshot wound. It was not going to be easy. 
Once the nurse untangled and unhooked every last one of the tubes and cables attached to my body, I sat up in the hospital bed and tried to get out of it. And realized I would need help. The fact that I had to pee really badly was definitely a complicating factor. I looked around helplessly, hoping that the hospital room had a bathroom. No such luck. The communal restroom it was. 
The one good news was that a pair of crutches was propped by the bed. I breathed a sigh of relief and reached for them. I had pretty extensive experience with crutches. By the time I reached the corridor, I had already gotten used to these. They were a bit short for me, which made me stoop, but they did the job. 
Once in the restroom, I finally noticed the ridiculous PJs I was wearing. There was no way I could leave the hospital of a strange town in my PJs in early December. I wanted my clothes back. Although the pants were probably good as gone. They had to have cut them to access the wound.
That bastard! I still couldn’t believe that a schmuck like “Kickass” Lyubo had shot me. Perhaps my instincts were not what they used to be. Perhaps my ego had started getting the better of common sense. The next guy might not be so professional and shoot me in the chest. Or the head… I promised myself that that would be my last gunshot wound. Not that I really believed it. 
My personal items weren’t in the room, but that problem would have to wait. I grabbed the medicines left by the nurse. A green robe thick enough to serve as coat hung on the coat-stand. The shoes turned out to be a problem yet again. I was forced to get to the hotel in slippers. Using the crutches, I descended to the first floor. I tried to be quiet but I was pretty sure the litany of grunts and squeaks I produced could be heard all the way to the sock factory. Thankfully, there was no one at the registration desk, which eliminated the need for me to sneak out the back door like a thief. I pushed the double doors open with one crutch and stepped out onto the town square. 
For the umpteenth time in the last few days, the sun was making a valiant effort to bring back the memory of warmer months. There was a light south wind, puffs of clouds were strewn across the boundless sky flat above the Danube plain. The air was filled with the tang of ploughed fields, birdsongs and pleasant, damp softness. I wondered if the entire scene could be an illusion induced by the drugs I had been pumped with. 
The hotel was about fifty paces away. The crutches made it seem like a hundred. Despite the early hour, there were more people on the streets of Poplarville than I had seen in the previous days combined. It was probably the nice weather. Or the fact that it was Friday. The local clubs would be bursting at the seams tonight. Yeah, right. The only thing threatening to burst at the seams was my wound. 
I expected Galya to be distressed at the sight of me but she just smiled in her innocent way. Apparently, yesterday’s skirmish was already old news. 
“Could you lend me those clothes again?”
She considered my weird hospital getup and glanced over my shoulder as if expecting to see a taxi or an ambulance waiting for me outside. 
“You didn’t run away from the hospital, did you?”
“I couldn’t help it. Your rooms are cozier.”
“Didn’t you get shot… in the leg?”
“I did, now I’m good.”
Galya gaped at me, then her eyes narrowed to slits. 
“You’re pulling my leg.”
“Are you friends with “Kickass” Lyubo?”
“Who?”
“Lyubo, the cop. The guy who shot me.”
“Yes,” Galya blushed as if she had been the one to pull the trigger. “Why?”
“What kind of friends are you—like, hi, how are you… or more intimate?”
She turned the color of eggplant again. 
“I… we…”
“Call him.”
“Why?”
“I need to talk to him, and I don’t have his number.”
“You won’t… Please! He was just doing his job.”
She was so nice I wanted to kiss her. And that was rare. 
“Galya, I have no intention to… Just call him. Now.”
She hesitated before clearly coming to the conclusion that nothing bad could happen on a Friday morning. She had to hold her humongous phone with two hands. I thought she might need a ladder to reach the dial pad. Galya had a short, quiet exchange with “Kickass” Lyubo and handed me the strange gadget. I had to drop the right crutch to take it. 
“Hello?”
“Hello?” Lyubo echoed.
“Hi, Lyubo!”
“Good morning!”
“I’d like you to pass on a message to Bistra Avramova.”
“What is it?”
“Tell her to come see me so we can talk strategy. Tell her to drive here. Right now.”
“I’ll think about it.”
“I’m at the hotel.”
“I know.”
“Tell her to stop by the hospital first and collect my stuff.”
“I’ll think about it.”
I gave the phone back to Galya and waited until she finished her conversation with her admirer.
“What about those clothes?”
“Oh, sorry. Just a second.”
“If it’s possible, I’d like a set that is two-three sizes smaller than the one before.”
“Let me check.”
32.
Times are constantly changing. Stretchy jeans give way to baggy pants, t-shirts give way to oversized sweaters. Then oversized sweaters and baggy pants are swept away by a wave of silk shirts and cotton slacks… and so on and so forth. Twenty years later, this cycle is repeated. Damned if I knew what fashion trend I was being victimized by, but this time around both the sweater and the jeans were too tight and too short for me. I looked like some weirdo from the dawn of rock’n’roll. Maybe I was wearing some of Lyubo’s old clothes. The jacket was the same as before, its hood slipping over my entire face. On the positive side, the jeans were maintaining pressure on my wound, so there was no risk of it opening. I felt like squatting just to test my theory, but I refrained from doing it. 
I was checking myself in the small mirror in the hotel room’s entryway, when a knock sounded at the door. Bistra Avramova was lightning quick. I opened the door and gaped—Barber and Iron stood before me. The bulky half of the pair shoved me further into the room, which almost put me on my back. I had to reach for the wall, then the shoe cabinet to keep from falling down or putting pressure on my wounded right leg. 
The two walked in and locked the door behind them. 
This time, I had no intention of going down without a fight. 
“Gentlemen, I have no idea why you’re here, but I suggest you leave immediately.”
“Why?” Iron was looking around, all curious. “You scared?”
“Half the police department will descend on the hotel any minute now. It won’t do your portfolio any good for you to be seen with me.”
The word portfolio caught them off guard. They seemed to take it as some kind of a novel insult. I noticed Iron mouthing it to himself—putting it in the memory bank for later use, no doubt. 
“We’ll be gone by then.”
“You’ll be gone soon after,” Barber added. “We have a message for you from Kiril Arnaudov.”
“If it’s about that hospital bill, he didn’t need to bother.”
“Leave this town by twelve.”
That changed things. Completely. 
“By twelve you mean noon?”
“Otherwise,” Iron shifted in his spot, “we would’ve said midnight, wise guy.”
Dear me! How didn’t I think of this? 
“So, you’re banishing me?”
“Exactly.”
“Did Mr. Arnaudov say anything about money, by any chance?”
“Yes,” Barber signaled Iron, who jumped into motion as if he had been waiting for it. He searched me thoroughly and rather roughly, but there was nothing to find. All my personal belongings were in the pockets of my coat, which was still somewhere in the hospital. What I kept in the room was well hidden. 
Following his unsuccessful search of my person, Iron stepped away from me and directed his attention toward the room at large. His ransacking of the place started with the table drawer, which removed any doubts I might have had about who had taken the five grand that Elena had given me three days ago. There was nothing to be found now, so I turned my attention to Barber. Since my arrival in Poplarville, Elena had run away from home twice. Both times Barber had happened to be on duty. Both times the girl had returned with her shoulders covered in scratches and punctures. And who had an entire briefcase full of pointy instruments? Not only did he have the requisite tools, he knew how to use them, found pleasure in using them. Perhaps the other night he was the one who had brought a car full of girls to entertain Iron, and whoever else was in the house, while he and Elena… How could I have not figured it out earlier? That fucking bastard! 
“OK, boys, that’s enough. Get out of here.”
“Mr. Arnaudov wants us to personally make sure that you leave town.”
“Stand by the town sign and wave your handkerchiefs goodbye to me, then. I’ll be glad to part ways with you, gentlemen.”
“Oh, no. We have a score to settle first.”
“Well, let’s do this.”
Never tell an angry thug that you’re ready to settle a score, especially if you have a bullet hole in your leg. Iron hit me twice—once in the face and once in the stomach. Only twice. And yet, I doubted I would be in condition to leave the room before noon, let alone leave town as Kiril Arnaudov had commanded. My two uninvited guests snuck out the balcony door. I heard them jump over the railing and climb down to the street. Iron cursed amid a cacophony of noises—it sounded like the pile of firewood had given out underneath him. Their steps receded into the distance as I lay on the floor curled up like a question mark. I lay there and tried to take my mind off the pain with fun thoughts. I wondered, for example, why it is called a toothbrush and not a teethbrush. Why do we yawn and hiccup? Why did I constantly run into cranky types with hammers for fists? 
There was another knock at the door. This time it was Bistra Avramova—I could hear her voice on the other side. I managed to drag myself to the door and unlock it before collapsing again.
33. 
“What nerve to call…” Bistra Avramova was here to berate me, but at the sight of me curled up on the floor, her tone and face instantly changed. “O! Simeonov, help him!”
The portly fellow who had followed her into the room bent down and helped me up. With his assistance, I got to the bed and sat down. My lower lip was split and swollen; my nose was bleeding too. The police chief went to the bathroom and came back with a wet towel. 
“Who did this to you?” she asked, handing me the towel. 
Like Poplarville had a wide range of bruisers that could be viable suspects… 
“I walked into a door.”
Bistra Avramova placed my folded coat on the table and left my battered shoes on top. So, she had stopped by the hospital first. She definitely wasn’t here to arrest me. 
“Was it Kiril Arnaudov’s people?”
I looked at “Sinister” Lacho and wondered if he was on the side of his boss or in the pocket of the local feudal. Bistra Avramova followed my gaze and smiled. 
“Let me clear something up. I, officer Simeonov here and officer Kirilov, who shot you, are not from Poplarville,” she paused for a second, then went on. “Perhaps in time we’ll earn the respect of the locals. For now, though, we’re outsiders. Just like you. No one will fully trust us; no one will stand firmly by our side. So, I suggest that we team up.”
Clever girl! She recited my own words back at me, better than I would’ve remembered them.
“Let’s get down to business, then. Bring me the drawer, will you?”
“Sinister” Lacho cast a look around, checked the table, pulled out its drawer and placed it on the bed. I flipped it over and took out the needle I had stuck between the bottom and one of the side boards. I handed it to the police officer, who passed it to his boss. 
“What is this?” Bistra Avramova inspected the needle and peered at its tip. “Blood?” 
“This is one of the many needles that some pervert uses to cut, poke and prod Elena Arnaudova.”
“What?”
“Once or twice a week, Elena slips past the security at the house and runs into the night. She comes back drugged, her shoulders and legs covered in cuts. I was supposed to find out who is doing this to her. That’s why I followed her to the sock factory the other night.”
“Does her father know?”
“He was the one who hired me.” 
“What did you find out?”
“Nothing. While I was still mulling my strategy, Elena got her dose of happiness and left the factory. The guy had split even before her.”
“You weren’t able to see who it was?”
“I don’t need to see him anymore. I know who he is.”
Bistra Avramova glanced at her fellow officer. “Sinister” Lacho pulled out a notebook and started taking notes. I couldn’t believe that was still a thing with the police. Realizing my mouth was agape, I swallowed and went back to my story. 
“At first, I thought you knew about this. I thought you were way ahead of me in your investigation and that you’d found Elena Arnaudova’s secret lover or dealer or whatever he was. I believed she was afraid her late-night adventures would be taken away from her and that was why she wanted you dead.”
“Me?” the police chief drew back. “She wants to kill me?”
“Not with her own hands.”
The two police officers exchanged looks again.
“The little princess came to this room on her own and offered me five grand.”
“To kill me?” Bistra Avramova truly seemed taken aback. “And you…”
“I might have taken her up on her offer, but the pay seemed too low, to be honest.”
The police chief cleared her throat, struggling to get over her bruised ego. 
“Once I met you, the pay seemed insultingly low,” I clarified. 
“Thank you.”
“You’re welcome. Elena put on quite the show for me. In her version of the story, you were the person mistreating her, encouraged by Kiril Arnaudov, who she cast in the role of a naughty rascal and your lover.”
Bistra Avramova’s eyebrows shot up in surprise.
“I, mistreating her?!”
“At first, I thought the two of you might be locked in a vicious battle for the heart of the local feudal lord, ready to win by every means necessary. But I rejected that theory pretty quickly. You didn’t look like a sadist or someone who would get involved with a boor like Kiril Arnaudov. That meant the girl had one reason to hate you—you had discovered her late-night escapades. But then I scrapped that theory too. I realized you didn’t know anything about Elena’s nocturnal life. You weren’t even investigating her but rather her father. That’s how I came to the conclusion that she has no reason to fear you. However, Kiril Arnaudov does.”
“You mean to tell me…”
“He got her to come to me and put on that melodramatic show. Not particularly imaginative of him.”
“What makes you think he…”
“He knew Elena had come to my room to offer me money. He also knew the exact amount.”
“So, he’s plotting my murder.”
“Not exactly. If he wanted you dead, he would have taken care of you by now. There’s not much that his two bodyguards wouldn’t do. Plus, they’re positively itching to do something special before Christmas.”
“What then?”
“He wants to intimidate you,” “Sinister” Lacho chimed in. “He wants you to know that you’re being targeted, that you should be careful.”
“Exactly! Your investigation may not uncover much, but the very fact that someone is sniffing around him is disturbing to him. If his partners find out, they may cut him off. Without his business, Kiril Arnaudov is a goner.”
“What partners?”
“Do you really think a hick like him is capable of conceiving or building the business operations he is now being investigated for?”
“If not him, who?”
“Arnaudov has the protection of friends in high places. Knowing the Bulgarian economy, I’d say those friends have cushy seats at the National Assembly.”
Bistra Avramova thought about my words and her face fell. Maybe she had finally seen the unpleasant truth that, no matter what she found out about the local feudal lord, the investigation will sooner or later stall, by design. That cruel realization wasn’t going to deter her, though. Not yet, at least.
“Why did he choose you for the job?”
“So he can throw me to the wolves later. He could probably see himself playing the hero who captured and turned in the drifter who attempted to kill or actually killed the police chief.”
“No.”
“Why? Seems easy enough!”
“You don’t know him. He is not like that, he would rather…”
Yeah, yeah, yeah. I had already heard that speech in Poplarville. Right now, it was more important to concentrate on the facts. 
“What is this business for which Kiril Arnaudov cares enough to entertain killing you?” I asked. “Beyond the illegal seizure of property, that is.”
Bistra Avramova and “Sinister” Lacho looked at each other and hung their heads like students at a school concert expecting the other kid to know the lyrics better and start the song first. 
“Fine, I’ll start,” apparently, the police code of conduct said that I should be the one to broach the topic. “Kiril Arnaudov stores and transports large quantities of contraband cigarettes.”
Both visibly relaxed. Maybe we had finally become a team. 
“The cigarette thing is at a dead end,” Bistra Avramova pulled up a chair and sat down. “No movement there.”
“Why?”
“We can’t find the source. We know the cigarettes are distributed on the black market in Sofia. We can’t figure out how they get here.”
“How long have you been investigating him?”
The police chief threw her colleague a glance. 
“Two months,” “Sinister” Lacho stopped taking notes and flipped through his notebook, “Two and a half months.”
“Is it possible that the cigarettes are transported by ships and unloaded on some unregulated harbor on the Danube?”
“I guess it is possible. Why support storage facilities if that was the case, though?” The police chief asked, throwing her arms out. “Why wouldn’t they take them from the ship straight to the Sofia-bound trucks?”
“What if the logistics process is a mess? What if there is no way to match delivery and departure times?” 
“This stuff can be figured out. If not, the truck could always stay on the motel parking lot for a couple of days.”
I thought about it. Bistra Avramova was right. One of the cardinal rules of the informal economy is ensure scheme simplicity. It limits the potential for screw-ups.
“There’s only one possible scenario left, then. The cigarettes are not brought in by ships on the Danube. Kiril Arnaudov makes them here in town.”
I told them about the truck I had seen get loaded by four men in the courtyard of the Arnaudov palace. Could that huge house actually harbor an illegal cigarette factory? Another major rule of the informal economy is keep the business far away from home. What would possess Kiril Arnaudov to set up illegal production operations somewhere in his own house? Would he have spared a kitchen and a bedroom for that? 
“Where?” Bistra Avramova asked, reading my mind. “In his own home?”
I looked up to the graying sky and the pieces of the puzzle suddenly started to fall into place. Everything that had been eluding me up until that point was now revealing itself with remarkable clarity. 
“No. No way.”
I stood up from the bed and lifted the mattress. The pink socks lying underneath it were all wrinkled.
“Do you see this?”
The looks that the two officers of the law exchanged this time were pretty puzzled. Perhaps they thought I spent my spare time dressing as a woman. I smiled and shrugged my shoulders.
“The other night, I grabbed whatever socks I could find at the factory. It was dark.”
Their faces remained impassive and tense. They were waiting to see where I was going with this. 
“You see anything unusual?” I collected the socks and arranged them in a neat line. “No two socks are the same.”
“So?”
The explanation could wait till the evening. 
“Did you drive here?”
“Yes,” the police chief said, helping me to sit back down. “Why?”
“I need you to drive me to the motel by the min road.”
“What?”
“I got a message from Kiril Arnaudov. I have to leave town by noon.”
“How so?”
“My chitchat with the two goons yesterday must’ve convinced Kiril Arnaudov that I’m poking my nose in his business. My services are no longer required.”
“What about the job he hired you to do? Or was that just another misdirection tactic?”
“No, he really wanted me to find some answers. Apparently, his business is more important.”
“So, you’ll leave?”
“No. I just want him to think I’m gone.”
“I see,” Bistra Avramova caught my questioning look. “What?”
“Would you help me put on my coat?”
“Of course,” she motioned for her colleague to assist me. With one hand on the doorhandle, she said, “I’ll wait for you in the car.”
“No, don’t go yet.”
“Sinister” Lacho helped me put on my coat and went to stand by the door.   
Bistra Avramova was staring at me. She was probably wondering if I was some undercover agent from an agency so secretive that no one dares to utter its name. Maybe in the eyes of a policewoman, potential affiliation to such a secret organization was a secondary sexual characteristic and made me sexy. 
The truth would only disappoint her. I had seventeen years of the most fulfilling kind of experience—a life unburdened by plans. Now, for the first time in a long while, I actually had a plan. 
“Where’s Lyubo?”
If he was in the car, my plan could be derailed. The police chief stared at a point above my shoulder. She was probably working on a lie. Or she was simply looking into the future. 
“There has to be at least one officer at the station at all times.”
Maybe they still thought I was waiting for a chance to confront him about my wound. That bastard! He shot without even aiming first. Pulled the trigger coolly, without hesitation. If I were really honest with myself, I had no reason to be angry with the guy. I would have done the same thing. I might have even done a worse job. 
“We don’t have much time, so listen carefully.”
Lacho was keeping me steady as I tied my shoes. I just hoped he wouldn’t suddenly let go of me to start taking notes. 
“I’ll stay at the motel. Come get me about nine this evening and we’ll do a raid. Bring flashlights, evidence bags, a crowbar and a half-kg hammer.” I turned to Bistra Avramova, “You bring a camera. We may need to snap some shots for later reference.”
“Wait, hold on… You’re letting your imagination run wild again.”
“How do you mean?”
“The only visit you will be doing is to one of those motel rooms. Then you go on your merry way. No crowbars, no hammers, no evidentiary material.”
“Why?”
Bistra Avramova took a deep breath and finally spoke out. 
“Because you’re about to ruin my investigation.”
“Quite the opposite!”
“The mere fact that I’m talking to you right now jeopardizes weeks of work I and my colleagues have done.”
This woman was even more stubborn than me. I liked her more by the second. 
“With all due respect, Mrs. Avramova, shut up and listen to me.”
If my hearing was better, I would have probably detected the sound of her teeth gnashing. I rather liked the quiet that fell over the room. It wasn’t often that law enforcement officers were silent in my presence. 
“Tonight, we’re raiding the sock factory. You’ll decide what to do with the information we gather there. And I…”  
“Wait a second, you don’t really expect us to break into a private property, do you?”
“No. There will be no breaking in involved.”
“How so?”
“You’ll be chasing a fugitive into the property.”
“I don’t understand.”
“A suspect flees the hospital. You catch him at the hotel but he manages to get away and steal your car. That’s not even his first such offence on the territory of Poplarville. You find him again that night—hiding all the way in the motel. You surround the suspect but he slips you again; you give chase. He gets into the sock factory; you follow him in.”
Bistra Avramova burst out laughing. 
“Listen to yourself! A fugitive on crutches manages to run away from the police, twice!”
I don’t like it when people laugh at my plans. Only God is allowed to do that. 
“Don’t forget that your fugitive is a drifter, an idle fellow and a crazy person.”
“Yes, indeed. I have never heard a crazier strategy.”
“That just guarantees it will work,” I shrugged my shoulders and extended one hand, “Give me the car key and three minutes of head start.”
The police chief didn’t move. I knew what was going through her head—she was weighing the pros and cons. I had already gone through that analysis and knew she wouldn’t reject my idea. Because it was better than anything she could come up with. Her investigation was at a dead end and I was about to either give her a way out or completely sink the whole thing. The decision had to be entirely hers. Bistra Avramova signaled her colleague, and a second later, the car key was in my hand. 
“You have two minutes.”
On my way out of the room, I checked to see if all my stuff were still in the coat pockets—my ID card, a safety deposit box key, a notebook filled with phone numbers and addresses, a lighter, a pack of gum, and a thinning wad of bills. If anyone had rummaged through the coat pockets, they hadn’t found any of the items there interesting. 
I limped down the stairs. The tight jeans were really great. I could put some pressure on my leg even without the aid of the crutches. 
“Thank you for everything.”    
Galya was genuinely surprised to see me go. 
“Are you leaving? I thought you were going to stay longer. The room is paid for until Sunday.”
“I won’t be asking for a refund.”
“That’s not what I meant.”
“I can’t stay, Galya. There’s this exhibition opening in Sofia tomorrow…”
“Oh! Are you an artist?”
“No, but if I was, I would’ve wanted you to pose for me.”
Galya’s face went back to the now familiar code red! What a sweetheart. 
“Goodbye! I’ll send you a postcard.”
I left her a fifty—for excellent service quality and personal attention. That left me with only four more bills. 
“Buy yourself something nice as a memento.”
That task would probably mean a trip to Vratsa for her, considering what the local shops were like.
“But…”
I put a finger on her mouth to shush her and pointed up to my room. Galya’s face changed as she switched to a conspiratorial mode. Just like Stephan Ignatov had done during our first meeting at the hotel. For some reason, the girl lowered her voice to a whisper. 
“Goodbye, Mr. Milev! Take care of yourself.”
I couldn’t help myself. I cupped her face in my hands, leaned across the countertop and kissed her. I gave her a wink and a smile and walked out of the hotel. Bistra Avramova had had the presence of mind to take a civilian car. That was probably her own car. Excellent! I didn’t need to cause a hubbub at the motel parking lot.
34.
The motel tuned out to be a complete dump compared to the town’s hotel. The room was dusty and cold, the furniture battered, while the mattress had taken on a crater-like shape. I had no intention of staying the night anyway. All I wanted was to be seen in the area. The easiest way to accomplish that was to visit my favorite restaurant. I set the air-conditioner to maximum heat and went out to eat some chicken soup. 

I ordered two bowls. 
I ate slowly, again, because my lower lip was sensitive. 
I studied the red woven tablecloths, the clay pots and pitchers, the horse cart wheels… If the owner ever decided to part ways with that folk-style decoration, the place would actually have some character. At the very least, it wouldn’t look so cluttered. 
There were some signs that he had started decluttering. The wrought-iron horseshoe with the blue bead was gone. The owner probably thought it was a good idea to get rid of everything that might double as a weapon. Or maybe Iron had taken it to remind him of our tussle… 
The waiter was the same as that night. He seemed to recognize me, but didn’t say a thing. I didn’t tip him this time. Afterward, I took an aimless stroll through the parking lot, limped into the gas station to get a bottle of water and some toiletries, and went back to the motel. My leg was aching—likely from overexertion—and I still had hours of fun ahead of me tonight. I barred the door with the nightstand and the table and stretched out on the bed. The air had thawed so I adjusted the air-conditioner to a lower level of heat. I wanted to be able to hear if someone crept to the door. 

If anyone had come, I had slept through that event. I woke up to a dark room and immediately got worried I had missed all the fun. I had to get to the reception desk and find out what time it was. Good thing I had gotten a room on the first floor. 
The copper clock hung on the ancient wall paneling said half past seven. The guy at the reception desk was watching a newscast and didn’t notice me. It dawned on me that I could have turned on the TV in my room and checked the time that way—some channel would have had it displayed in a corner. I could have spared myself a fifty-step round trip to the reception area. 
I still had an hour and a half till nine. I could use the time to do something nice for myself. I walked into the bathroom and turned my attention to something I had overlooked in the past couple of days—personal hygiene. I shaved, washed my teeth, cleaned my ears and cut my nails. I even plucked a pesky long hair from my nostril. I went through all the steps of my pre-battle ritual. I wanted to be clean and well groomed in case the unthinkable happened. I couldn’t rely on whoever would handle my dead body to show the same care and attention. 
I wanted to shower but I worried my leg wound might not take that treatment well. So, I wrapped the plastic bag from the gas station around my thigh, fixed it in place with my shoelaces and managed to spend several minutes under the hot stream of water. I finished with a brief cold shower and the contrast in temperature made my skin instantly redden. I felt my blood rush through my veins, infusing me with energy. Tonight, I was going to need all the energy I could muster. 
I was also going to need a powerful ally—the most powerful one I knew. Wrapped in a towel, I sat down on the bed and closed my eyes. I asked God to watch over me in my hour of need. He said nothing in return, as always. 
I glanced at the medicines from the hospital. I had no idea what they were for and how to take them. I popped one of the bigger pills and two of each of the smaller kinds and threw away the rest. All I had left to do was dress. 
I checked myself out in the mirror on the way out. It could have been worse. I didn’t even bother locking the door behind me. Whatever happened, I was never going back to that room.
35. 
“Freeze! Put your hands in the air!”
I stopped in the middle of the parking lot. Someone wanted to play Cowboys and Indians. I didn’t know who it was so I tried to be still.
“Put your hands in the air!”
I put my hands up and tried to catch a glimpse of the person out of the corner of my eye. The voice was coming from behind me. It sounded familiar but that could be expected—I had met half of Poplarville at this point. I heard steps; someone was approaching. If I turned around, I could get a bullet. Or maybe that bullet was coming anyway. If someone was planning on killing me, I wanted to see his face. I raised my hands even higher and turned around. “Kickass” Lyubo emerged from the darkness between two parked cars. A gun gleamed in his hand. I was hoping to avoid the shooting part this time. 
Why was he alone? Had Bistra Avramova informed him of our plan or was he acting on his own? Had they purposefully put him in charge? You know, for kicks and giggles. I wished someone had sent me the memo…
“Turn around!”
Whatever was going on, I had no intention of putting up any resistance. I was down to one healthy leg. 
“Kickass” Lyubo holstered his gun, took my hands down one by one and twisted them behind my back. He was barking orders at me at the top of his lungs, even though I would have heard him if he whispered. Then, weirdly, he started dawdling, tapping the handcuffs on my wrists. I thought that might be my signal but waited for a couple more seconds, just to be sure. In the meantime, a group of onlookers had spilled out of the nearest restaurant, drawn by the commotion. Drivers are incredible gossips, trust me. 
The moment had come for me to do my part. I slammed my elbow into Lyubo’s chest and swiveled around. I lunged and punched him on the chin without much force. The spectators obviously thought that was a real uppercut because they started booing and whistling. Lyubo rewarded the audience’s passion by lurching and dropping to the ground. The handcuffs clattered onto the dusty asphalt. 
A pair of headlights beamed into my face. Above them, blue lights flashed. 
“Don’t move!”
This time, I had no problem recognizing the voice. It belonged to Bistra Avramova. I bent down and pulled out “Kickass” Lyubo’s gun. I hauled the young cop up to his feet, positioned his body as a shield and put the gun to his head. The firearm was unusually light. The clip had to be empty. No matter how much they trusted me, the cops had still decided that taking cartridges out of the equation was the prudent thing to do. 
“Get back!” I shouted. “Drop your weapons or I’ll shoot him.”
“OK, OK!”
I wondered why we were playing this game but kept it up anyway. Bistra Avramova had judged it to be the best way so who was I to argue? Perhaps she was just covering her back in case she got asked inconvenient questions later. 
Out of the corner of my eye, I saw the onlookers scurry back into the restaurant and take up positions behind the window—as if the glass could protect them from a stray bullet. 
I dragged Lyubo to the car I had parked outside the motel, stuffed him in it and sat behind the wheel. I turned to him and handed him the gun. Politely, with the muzzle pointed at me.
“Now what?” I figured he and his boss might have changed up the original plan.   
“Thank you!” The cop pulled out a handful of shiny cartridges and started inserting them into the clip. “We’re going to the sock factory of Mr. Arnaudov.”
Only a few drivers had witnessed the failed arrest attempt and the subsequent kidnapping of a police officer. The rest were either unimpressed or completely unaware. Someone leaving the parking lot in first gear at eight thousand revolutions per minute—now that demanded attention. Especially if that someone took a short cut through the plastic trash cans and the hedgerow. 
I headed for Poplarville and soon the police lights of the squad car driven by Bistra Avramova, or “Sinister” Lacho, appeared in my rearview mirror. 
“The factory has no security,” I told “Kickass” Lyubo. “There are no sensors, no guards making rounds, not even a watchdog.”
“Got it. Everything you asked for is under the seat.”
“Good. Wait till I get inside.”
The police officer nodded. I slowed the car down without stopping. 
“Get out!”
“Here?” Lyubo seemed confused. “I thought…” 
Clearly, Bistra Avramova’s version of the plan didn’t include stunts.
“This way is more believable.”
Lyubo gave me a speculative look, opened the door just a crack and readied himself. He turned to me, took a deep breath and nodded. 
“About yesterday, it wasn’t on purpose.”
“I believe you. This right here is on purpose, though.”
I punched him hard on the chin and shoved him out the door before he knew what was going on. In the rearview mirror, I watched him roll down the road and get picked up by his fellow officers. I was no longer holding a grudge. We were even.
36. 
The factory was dark. Its gate was located on a side street. I gave the appropriate turn signal way before I had to, then executed the turn and parked the car. I dug the tools out from under the seat and went into the yard, keeping one outstretched hand on the sheet-metal fencing for support. I reached the building, limped to the second door and gave it a pull. It was locked. Time for a break-in. 
The crowbar is a wonderful tool. It opens doors, windows, wardrobes and wooden boxes. It is equally good for breaking glass and human extremities, pulling out nails and punching out wholes. It is easy to use, pretty light and can be concealed inside a sleave, if need be. 
The door groaned open and swung on its hinges. I went into the familiar dark space. I passed by the rows of knitting machines and found myself in the administrative area of the building. I descended the stairs and turned my flashlight on. There was no one around, just as I had thought. The room with the scattered tools looked the way I had left it. All of the other rooms were still securely padlocked. The sharp smell of chemicals still permeated the basement. It was stronger here than on the upper floor. I waited for the police officers to join me. Whatever was hidden behind those locked doors, I didn’t want to ruin the surprise for them. Soon, their voices came from the corridor above me. 
“Over here,” I called out. “Downstairs.”
Bistra Avramova was walking behind “Sinister” Lacho and shooting daggers at me. My treatment of Lyubo hadn’t endeared me to her. Oh, for God’s sake! I had punched him in the face after the esteemed officer of the law had shot me in the leg. I was pretty sure he was still ahead in points. 
I was surprised not to see him with his fellow officers.    
“Lyubo?”
“He’s back at the gate, looking out for signs of trouble.”
Right.
“This is the room where Elena’s friend gives her epidermal treatment.”
The two officers switched on their flashlights and studied the place. The light bounced off of the discarded machine parts. I pointed my flashlight toward the floor. The drops of blood were now black. 
“This is her blood.”
It dawned on me that Dr. Belchev could also be the one hurting Elena. He was a professional, way more experienced in cutting into human flesh than Barber. More confident too. On the other hand, I had followed Elena to the factory on the night of Belchev’s name day. While she was being drugged and tortured, he was in the hotel restaurant, knocking back one drink after another … 
It occurred to me that this place could be the lair of a secret society worshiping acupuncture. Until I saw the ritual with my own eyes, anything was in play. 
Bistra Avramova and “Sinister” Lacho pushed me to the side to take a good look at the room. I stepped out of their way and headed for the locked doors. I stopped by the one that was supposed to lead to a huge space like the one upstairs and picked up the hammer. 
“And this, if I’m right, is the key to your career advancement.”
I swung the hammer with all my strength and connected with the padlock. Afterward, the only thing that was left hanging on the metal rings was the shackle. I pulled it out and threw the door wide open. A strong smell of stale air hit my face—sweet, intoxicating and a bit sour. 
OK, time to exercise some caution. I gestured for the police officers to enter the spacious room and left the door behind me ajar. The thin beams of flashlights danced around the interior. The place was far cleaner than any factory basement should be. Surprisingly, it was neater and tidier than the floor upstairs. The machines here were not as many, but they were bigger—massive sheet-metal bodies painted in dark green and adorned with little wheels, straps, cables, screws, rivets, and hand-grips. They didn’t look anything like knitting machines. 
“What is this?” Bistra Avramova bent down and scooped up a handful of whatever was in a sack near us. She sniffed at it and frowned. “Tobacco?”
I nodded before I could remember that, with all the flashlight pointing to the belly of the room, it was too dark for them to see me. 
“I present to you: Kiril Arnaudov’s illegal cigarette factory.”
The production process relied on a total of six machines. Hundreds of cigarettes were left piled up on two of them. Cardboard boxes, in which the packs of cigarettes were stacked, lay next to each of the machines. The packs themselves… There was a smaller machine used for cutting and folding sheets of cardboard into packs. A jar of brown glue and a plastic wash basin full of excise labels, probably fake, lay on top of that piece of equipment. I couldn’t see a printing press or a printer or whatever they used to print the cardboard sheets that got turned into packs. They were likely printed elsewhere. Somewhere close. Not that anything in Poplarville could be far away… 
Oh! That was what those four men in Kiril Arnaudov’s courtyard had been loading onto the truck—printed sheets of cardboard. It explained why the workers had been carrying one box at a time—snuggly packed with cardboard, they would have weighed like rocks. One more rule of the informal economy: keep the different segments of the production chain in separate locations. 
That rich, sticky smell, which had reminded me of my father’s printing workshop, came from the chemicals used to treat the tobacco. Since the basement had no ventilation, the air was charged with fumes. After all, countless sacks of tobacco were stacked along the walls—all the way up to the small clerestory windows.
“Dear God!” Bistra Avramova ran her hand over the cigarette packs. “This is where they come from.”
“You take it from here,” I switched off my flashlight and stepped away. “Perhaps you should make a call.”
“How did you find out about this illegal factory?”
“I guessed.”
“You guessed?”
“I figured there was something shady down here.”
“What made you think that?”
I pulled up a plastic chair and sat down. My leg was starting to throb with pain again. I should have listened to the doctor and stayed in the hospital until Monday. None of this stuff was that urgent. 
“It was the damned socks. If your business is to make socks and make profit on selling them, your product should be flawless. You saw the ones I showed you back at the hotel—they seemed like the work of someone still learning how to operate a knitting machine properly. The kind of sloppy work that would be allowed only as a front for another type of production, which could only be housed in the basement—behind locked doors, away from prying eyes. I asked myself what is a source of easy money these days? One of the handful of possibilities stood out. Not only did it fit perfectly, but it answered other questions I’d asked myself. Of course, there could’ve been another, simpler explanation, but I was proven right. We got lucky.” 
“Interesting approach.”
“Now I know why they store the cigarettes in that hangar.”
“To keep the truck drivers in the dark about where the goods come from.”
“No. In this musty air, the cigarettes would go moldy in a week.”
She looked at me strangely, like she was beginning to like me more and more. It was also pretty dark so I could be seeing things. Her eyes were definitely sparkling, though. As they say, eyes are the window to the soul… 
Windows!
It finally hit me that I had seen windows at the top of the wall. That meant we weren’t entirely underground. 
“I need some light over here!” I tried to climb on top of the sacks but only managed a few steps. 
“What is it?” the police chief grabbed me under the armpits to keep me from falling. “What did you see?”
“These windows… They’re not supposed to be here.”
“Simeonov!” she called out in an authoritative voice. “Go check!”
“Sinister” Lacho also tried to clamber up the mountain of sacks but his body wasn’t made for extreme sports. In the end, Bistra Avramova was forced to scramble on top of the pile. She switched off her flashlight and opened one of the windows. After a quick look around, she stuck her head through the opening. I could barely make out her profile. Even so, I sensed how tense and at the same time exited she was because of the new findings. 
“Simeonov!” The police chief closed the window and jumped down nimbly. “Move these sacks!”
This type of extreme sport was much more suited to his physique. In just a minute, all that was left between us and the wall was stale air. 
“Look!” Bistra Avramova shone her flashlight onto the wall and used it like a laser pointer to trace the frame of a sturdy metal door.
“What is this?” I was lost. “More rooms?”
“No. The raw materials get in through this door. The final products go out the same way.”
I pictured a tunnel that went all the way to the Danube. I made up a story about a couple of Monte Cristo characters digging the tunnel, choosing that backbreaking project before the prospect of knitting pink socks for the rest of their days. How romantic! The police chief, however, quickly grounded my flight of fancy. 
“If it wasn’t locked, we would be able to go out into the yard through that door.”
“But the yard is one level up,” I protested. “We’re in the basement.”
“It seems that the ground is lower on that side. What looks like a basement from the upper side of the yard, serves as the first floor on this side.”
For the first time since I stepped foot in the factory, I gave this some thought. The area surrounding the factory was flat, but it did slope towards the river bank. It was possible that the yard essentially had two levels. Plus, it finally dawned on me that I had never seen a factory with a basement before. Those were all one-story buildings. Whenever there was need for more space, people just built a second story. After all, we are descended from apes, not moles. Bistra continued my thoughts out loud:
“We should’ve thought of that. The cigarette machines must weigh two tons each. They couldn’t have possibly gotten here through the staircase.”
I had missed that detail, leaving room for Bistra Avramova to shine and show off her excellent deductive skills. Not that the lapse had been a gentlemanly gesture on my part.  
I didn’t want to seem impatient or whiny, but we really needed to hurry up, now that we had raided the factory. 
“Now what?”
“Simeonov!” She pulled out several zip bags. “Get samples of everything!”
“Sinister” Lacho took a couple of packs, a few cigarettes, some tobacco, excise labels… 
“We can’t use this as evidence,” Bistra Avramova said, reading my mind again. “It’ll help us be more convincing when we present our case.”
“To whom?”
“To whoever needs to know about this.”
I imagined them leaving and taking a week to prepare the necessary paperwork for a daytime visit. By then, someone would have sniffed out the threat and cleaned up the place. 
“You do realize you need to act quickly, right?”
“Leave this matter to us. What are we going to do about you?”
I had heard the profound question what should we do with you from so many police officers that it had lost its bite. 
“What do you mean?”
“You have committed so many offences that you’ll get at least three years behind bars if I include them in the report.”
“You’re not scaring me.”
“I’m not trying to. I’m telling you how things stand.”
Since the start of our factory adventure, Bistra Avramova had dropped the polite form of you  for the familiar one. It could be that she felt closer to me and trusted me more. Or it could be that she felt fear in the face of the unknown, which is a normal human reaction. 
“Well, then,” I said, stretching my arms out in front of my body, “I’ll meet my destiny.”
“What?”
“You need to handcuff me. Your report will say that you finally caught me after a long chase, that in the process you stumbled upon this illegal business. You must arrest me so I can testify. Otherwise, your version of events may not hold up.”
“And yours will?”
“Yes. Who would suspect me of lying to incriminate myself?”    
Bistra Avramova shook her head and waved off the handcuffs provided by her fellow officer. 
“I’ll leave Simeonov to watch the place. You, I and Kirilov are going to the police station.”
“Why don’t you call for backup?”
“Because we have only one squad car.”
“It would be better if…”
My sentence remained unfinished as a sharp noise rent the night quiet. The large door upstairs had slammed shut. It could be the wind or “Kickass” Lyubo. Or someone else. 
“Shh!” I whispered. “Someone is coming.”
The two police officers switched off their flashlights and crept to the wall. I heard the unmistakable sounds of guns being drawn. 
If you have never been in a situation like this, you wouldn’t know what it’s like. I imagine it is the same feeling a person gets when their elevator is hurtling down the shaft in a free fall. Your innards start floating up, your muscles tense, you get this prickle of anxiety at the unknown, adrenaline pumps through your veins. 
Since I had left the door ajar, I was able to hear the footsteps coming down the stairs clearly. Someone was hurrying… They were practically skipping. Light of foot, not a lot of body mass, soft-soled shoes … Who fit that description? 
Elena.
37. 
Elena was coming to the factory basement to meet her beloved tormentor.
Finally, I would learn who that monster was. Was it Barber with his sadistic tendencies or Dr. Belchev with his insatiable appetite for operating on people? Or was it some stranger? All we had to do was wait for him to show up without betraying our presence. I hoped that Bistra Avramova was thinking the same and wasn’t about to jump out brandishing her gun. 
Elena went into the room full of tools and turned on the lamp. A thin strip of light sliced the darkness of our hiding place. 
I listened to the noises that came from the other side of the door. I wondered how Elena was killing the time until her friend came. Was she relaxing and smoking? Was she rubbing alcohol into her skin in preparation? Was she working on her thesis, mixing business with pleasure? 
One thing was certain, she was on the move. And grunting. Like a housewife hanging heavy laundry to dry or washing high windows. Maybe she was tidying up the room. Come to think of it, I hadn’t seen a chair or a bed inside—just metal parts and tools carelessly thrown in there. Maybe there was furniture hiding underneath all that junk and Elena wanted to clean it. As far as I remembered, her bedroom back at the house was immaculate. Well, she certainly couldn’t bring her maid here to do the job. 
I pushed the door slightly more open to have a better look. And I couldn’t believe my eyes. 
Elena was standing, naked from the waist up, in the middle of that mini-junkyard. She had a candle in one hand and a long needle in the other. The lamplight reflected off her glossy curls. Elena put the tip of the needle to the flame and stuck it into her shoulder. She didn’t even flinch. I could count five or six needles sticking out of or hanging from her flesh. Thin trickles of blood ran down her back. She reached for the pile of junk and grabbed another needle. 
Elena was alone. She was hurting herself!

For whatever reason, I respond to shocking discoveries by turning especially cynical. Maybe it is a coping mechanism. At that moment, my mind went straight to the reward Kiril Arnaudov had promised me. Now that I had uncovered his daughter’s secret, was I going to get my money? I was supposed to find the person who hurt Elena regularly and bring him to her father, dead or alive. Well, I had found that person, only it was a she.
A second later, I snapped out of my state of shock. I kicked the door wide open and stormed into the corridor. 
“Stop! Elena, stop!”
Elena turned around and looked at me as if seeing me for the first time. She gave me a faint smile and went back to practicing The Inquisition 101.
“Don’t do it!” I went up to her and ripped the needle out of her hand. “Don’t!”
She bent down to get a new one and never came back up. She dropped the candle, burst into tears and sat down on the floor. I took off my coat and draped it around her bleeding shoulders.
Bistra Avramova and her colleague had quietly approached behind me. Elena glanced at them over my shoulder and buried her face in her hands. 
“Why?” was the only question I could ask. “For God’s sake, why?”
I had pictured all sorts of people in the role of a heartless sadist, a depraved monster. Never in a million years had I imagined that the real perpetrator was Elena herself. I couldn’t wrap my mind around the idea that a person would inflict such pain on their own body. Three times a week. 
I crouched down in front of Elena, pushed her hair to the side and grabbed her shoulders.  
“Why, Elena?”
“Leave me alone.”
She had already taken something. Her eyes were empty and dull. She was slurring her words and drooling. She started to say something but then her eyes went unfocused and her shoulders slumped. Her head rolled and her back hit the pile of metal. I wasn’t sure she was still conscious.
“We need to call Dr. Belchev. He will know what to do.”
“Hold on!” Bistra Avramova grabbed my arm and pulled me to the side. “If we call Belchev, the entire operation will go down the drain.”
“I don’t care.”
“What does she need a doctor for? Think for a second!”
“What do you mean? Can’t you see the state she’s in?”
“And what state is that?”
I fell silent. True, Elena was in a bad way but her breathing was even, she had no broken bones, wasn’t throwing up blood. Tomorrow, she was going to have a headache, maybe stomachache as well. And that would be it. 
“She has taken something,” the police chief said, releasing my arm. She looked me in the eye, “This is not her first time doing this and it won’t be her last.”
“What now? Are we going to leave her here?”
A familiar unpleasant voice came from the top of the stairs behind us: 
“Absolutely not.”
38.
Neither me nor the police chief moved. The quick looks we exchanged were enough to fill me with determination. Bistra Avramova read my mood right away, shook her head slightly and tightened her grip on the gun. That nasty voice pierced the stale air once again:
“Come out with your hands behind your backs and don’t try to be smart!”
There was a time and a place to act as a gentleman and that wasn’t it. I exited the junkyard room first. 
The newcomers had turned on a lone flickering overhead light in the corridor. I got yet another reminder that Kiril Arnaudov was even more repulsive in low-power lighting than he was in natural daylight. Here he was, grinning at me behind his raised gun. His two loyal subjects, Barber and Iron, stood behind him. They were armed more heavily—one sported an AK-47, while the other had a shotgun. Those weapons suggested the thugs had some issues to work through, preferably with a therapist. They also provided a distinct advantage in a shootout, especially when my team had two guns between the three of us. I turned to Bistra Avramova and shook my head. Kiril Arnaudov motioned with his gun for me to go stand by the wall.   
“I got you know!”
“No, Mr. Crap-udov!” I couldn’t help myself saying, “This time I got you.”
“You piece of trash,” the feudal lord spat on the dusty floor and cleared his throat. “Come out slowly! And don’t make me shoot you,” he instructed the others. 
“Sinister” Lacho emerged cautiously from behind the door with one hand on the gun at his back. The police officer quickly assessed the situation and came to the same conclusion as me—our chances were slim. 
“Put the gun down!” Kiril Arnaudov seemed unhinged enough to shoot an officer of the law. “Go stand next to him!”
Simeonov put his gun and his police radio on the floor and joined me.  
“Don’t just stare at me like blockheads! Put your hands on the wall!”
Bistra Avramova was the last one to come out. She looked stoic, reserved, all class. She bent down to put her gun on the ground and straightened, folding her arms. 
“Kiss off!” Kiril Arnaudov was drinking the sight of her in. “I follow my daughter to the place where she meets with some idiot and what should I find there but three idiots.”
“Take pleasure in your past, Mr. Arnaudov,” the police chief said with a laugh. “Because you have no future.”
“Stupid cow! You have no future and neither do your pathetic gnomes.”
I didn’t like his tone. He would only dare to be so offensive to Bistra Avramova if he knew that she wouldn’t be a police chief for long. One way or another. 
“I’d like to remind you that you’re talking to police officers performing their official duties. Choose your words carefully.”
“Or what?”
“Or you could be charged with insulting and threatening a police officer, obstruction of justice, aggravated assault with a deadly weapon…”
I was impressed with her ability to remain calm. Keeping your composure in the face of three armed scumbags was no easy feat. I said a quick prayer that she wouldn’t start talking about parasites, plant lice and powdery mildew. 
“You talk too much, Miss Avramova. Cut to the chase.”
“In short, I suggest you put down your weapon so I can arrest you.”
Kiril Arnaudov roared with laughter. 
“You hear that, boys? She wants to arrest me.”
Barber and Iron jumped in on the fun, then went quiet when their boss banged loudly on the wall.
“Enough with this nonsense! You’re in my factory long after business hours. I don’t remember inviting you. Do you have some document that would convince me you’re not trespassing?”
Bistra Avramova gave her colleague an almost imperceptible sign. She was probably asking him to keep his mouth shut. 
“It wasn’t enough for you to break in here armed, you had to physically abuse my daughter as well. Do you really think you can get away with this, Miss Avramova?”
It occurred to me that any father who found himself in this situation would check on his daughter before sparring with police officers. Any normal father, that was. 
“You think you got me, huh?” Kiril Arnaudov lowered his gun and spat out in disgust. “By tomorrow morning nothing will be left of the equipment in the basement.”
I was genuinely surprised that he could pronounce the word equipment without butchering it. I was tempted to ask if he could spell it. 
“Get some of this…”
The indecent gesture was unmistakable. Strangely, here in the basement Kiril Arnaudov looked more bald than swarthy. It was the other way around in the daylight.
“Pretty soon nothing will be left of you either.”
Barber smirked, which made me think he would be the one tasked with making sure that nothing was left of us. He and his beloved cutlery set. Iron would probably help him dispose of the body bags afterward. 
“What about our deal?” I decided to take the floor and lighten the mood. “I did my part.”
“The deal is off. We have no deal.”
“So that’s how much your word is worth?”
“Shut up!”
“Lowlife. You’re a nobody.”
“I said, shut up!”
There was no stopping me now. I was on a roll. 
“The last lowlife who crossed me…”
Kiril Arnaudov raised his gun and took aim at my face.
“…suffered from a sudden bout of death.”
A small flame burst out of the muzzle. A loud bang echoed through the corridor. The bullet missed my left ear by centimeters and hit the peeling plaster of the wall behind me. I felt fine, hot gunpowder stick to my face. 
“When I tell you to shut up, you shut up. Got it?”
“Stop fronting and turn yourself in while the lady’s offer is still on the table.”
Kiril Arnaudov waved a hand and Iron pulled two pairs of handcuffs out of his jacket pocket. He tossed them at Bistra Avramova’s feet. 
“Put these on. You won’t like it if I have to do it for you, trust me.”
There were no handcuffs for me. I was probably going to get tied up again. Or shackled to one of the machines and plunged into the Danube.
Bistra Avramova and officer Simeonov handcuffed each other. Under different circumstances, that ritual would have looked naughty to me, but at that particular moment, I wasn’t in the mood to appreciate the thought. 
The bald businessman stepped closer. He kicked the guns toward his hounds and crushed the radio under his dress shoe. I swallowed a snide remark. His shoes looked straight out of Little Muck’s wardrobe—thick heels and turned-up tips. 
Arnaudov checked the handcuffs, seemed satisfied with the result and stepped back. 
“Let me tell you what the authorities will learn about tonight. I came back home and caught sight of three shadows trying to break into my house. I tried to stop those criminals and was forced to shoot them dead when they pulled their guns on me.”
“You’re a liar,” I kept yanking his chain. “No one will believe you.”
“Who will the authorities believe instead—three corpses?”
“You’re so dumb. You’re also ugly. And bald.”
The code of honor for these types of things allows insults targeting all sorts of stuff—way of thinking, ideas, notions, worldview, mentality… successes and failures… Everything but appearance. All bets were off tonight, though. 
“Get moving.”
I have been on the other side of this equation. And let me tell you, guarding three captives at once is no cakewalk. Guarding three experienced captives is exponentially harder. Guarding experienced and obstinate captives is virtually impossible. 
“I can’t walk. I’m wounded.”
“You don’t say! How did you get down here, then?”
“I need crutches.”
“I’ll tell you what you need. A nice…”
A muffled moan came from inside the junkyard room. Elena must have come to. Kiril Arnaudov thought about it, then made a very poor decision. 
“Barber, go have a look.”
Barber stepped forward and walked past Bistra Avramova. 
“Drop your weapons!”
I recognized that voice. Officer Kirilov had grown tired of waiting in the car and had come to join the party. He was halfway down the stairs. All I could see of him were his shoes. By the sound of it, he held Kiril Arnaudov and Iron at gunpoint. 
“Drop your weapons and get on the ground with your hands behind your heads!”
I had a feeling of déjà vu. At the same time, I already knew what was coming next. I saw it flash trough my mind like a movie trailer. Even my leg wound seemed to hurt worse all of a sudden. Lyubo’s voice boomed again: 
“Drop your weapons!”
Ironically, Kiril Arnaudov asked the same question I had at the café: 
“Or what?”
I wished I could have shared with him the lesson I had learned the hard way—do not try to act cooler than you really are. Especially when dealing with a cop with a gun in his hand. 
“Kickass” Lyubo did not hesitate. The sounds of two quick shots pierced the basement half-light. With a jolt, I realized that he couldn’t see Barber. Lyubo might know he was here somewhere, but he couldn’t see him. Someone had to get on top of this. Of course, whoever has that thought always gets to be that someone. 
I clenched my teeth, bracing for the pain that would inevitably come. I planted the foot of my wounded right leg and kicked the sadistic bastard in the face with my left one. His head snapped back and slammed against the wall with a sickening thud. Bistra Avramova wasted no time. She threw the loop of her handcuffed hands over his head and pulled hard. The chain linking the cuffs dug into his throat. “Sinister” Lacho had his sights on the shotgun. I saw him wrench it out of Barber’s grasp, squeeze the butt between his palms and reach for the trigger with his forefinger. 
I felt searing pain in my right leg before I could even count to one. It erupted like a volcano high above my knee and shot right to my brain. Bright, white-hot lava of sheer agony. All I could do was crumple to the floor in a heap. To the others, it probably looked like I was ducking. 
The shotgun discharge was much louder than the pop-pop-pop of the guns fired. Then several weapons engaged in a deafening cannonade. I had no idea who was shooting at whom, but it felt like I had gone to hell. Shell casings, splinters and pieces of plaster rained down on me. The shots mixed with shouts and moans. I didn’t dare move. I put my head in my hands, even though it wouldn’t do much to protect me from a bullet flying toward my skull. 
One last shot echoed, followed by smoke-laden silence. I was lucky to be on the ground. Otherwise, my lungs would have filled with smoke and gunshot fumes.
39. 
I have the same rule for acting in the immediate aftermath of a shooting and making microwaved popcorn. I count to three—if there are no more bangs, I get moving. I dared to lift my head and look around. The room was smoky, an acrid smell filled the stale air. Everyone was prone on the floor. I counted seven bodies, including mine. Blood pooled underneath some of them, including mine. 
If you have never been involved in a shooting, you wouldn’t know what it’s like. The adrenaline rush is so powerful that even if you get shot in the heart, you may keep going for half a minute more before you realize something is wrong. Thank God, I got shot in the leg instead. It was the same leg too. I rolled onto my back and saw the fresh wound on the inside of my right thigh. It didn’t hurt—it was as if I was watching someone else’s leg. The dark stain of blood was growing but not at an alarming rate. If the bullet had struck two centimeters to the right, blood would be gushing from that spot. If it had hit two centimeters higher and to the left… Fortunately, it hadn’t. I pulled my belt out and tightened it right above the wound. I wanted to get up, but I knew it would take a superhuman effort just to get on all fours. 
“Wounded?” the voice of Bistra Avramova had turned rough. “Are there wounded?”
No response. That wasn’t good. 
I managed to lever myself up and sit with my back against the wall. I finally noticed the one person who was upright. Elena Arnaudova was walking between the bodies like a wood fairy with the eyes of a somnambule. She paused at one of the bodies and studied it from head to toe. She smiled, stepped over the body and started up the stairs—her canvas sneakers disappeared into the darkness of the upper floor. 
“Stop!” the police chief knew it was a futile effort but tried again anyway. “Come back!”
“How are you?” 
I knew my question sounded ridiculous, but I really cared to know how she was. 
“I’m fine,” Bistra Avramova groaned, pushed herself up and went to check on her prostrate colleagues. “They’re much worse.”
“Are they alive?” 
“I hope so.”
“We need to call an ambulance.”
“I’m sure Kirilov made that call before going in. I’d instructed him as much.”
I was becoming increasingly convinced that those three were not some regular small-town officers. Bistra Avramova came over to assess the damage in my case. Her attention reminded me of the way my mother used to check if I had done a thorough job of washing my face, neck and ears as a kid. 
“Dr. Belchev should be here in a couple of minutes. He agreed to be on standby.”
“I’ll wait for him. I hope he finds us on time.”
“We need to go after Elena before…”
I finally noticed that the shirt underneath her suit jacket was soaked in blood. 
“It’s not mine,” Bistra Avramova was reading my thoughts again. 
“I… I can’t walk.”
“You can. Come on, get up.”
Her confidence was inspiring but it wasn’t going to do the trick. 
“Not this time. You go.”
Bistra Avramova gave me a long look, squeezed my hand and stood up. Her footsteps died away as she walked up the stairs, then down the upper corridor. The door to the factory slammed shut, plunging the place in quiet. I couldn’t hear so much as a moan. I had this crazy thought that I was surrounded by five corpses. A familiar voice quickly eased my fears. 
“Help.”
Kiril Arnaudov’s voice was barely a whisper. I had a hard time finding his body. The color of his suit jacket helped guide me. I had never liked orange clothes. I had my reasons. 
“Help!”
I dragged myself to the spot where he lay. He was badly injured—his blood was everywhere, glistening in the faint light from the yellowish lamp. His chest, arms and neck were smeared with blood. He had gotten hit by several bullets or pellets or both. There were holes in the fine fabric of his damp sweater. I didn’t need to be an expert in medicine to know that he wasn’t going to live to see Dr. Belchev come to the rescue. He was talking in irregular bursts between frequent gasps for breath. His chest expanded and contracted with chilling wheezing and gurgling. Like an out-of-tune accordion.  
“Help me…”
I had no idea how to help him. Most of the time, I could barely take care of myself, let alone…
“I have money… I have a lot of money… I’ll pay you.”
I could only tell him what I normally tell people dying in my arms: 
“Relax, everything will be OK.”
“Get me out of here and I’ll give you…”
“Easy, don’t speak.”
“Now that… they’ll take away everything from me… but there’s… in the hangar… take all of it… just help me.”
“Hang in there. Dr. Belchev is on the way.”
“Money… xxx … open a door…”
Yes. The man was right. Money can open any door, especially the one to hell.
“Save your energy. Don’t speak.”
Kiril Arnaudov smiled and closed his eyes. No doubt, dying with a smile on your face is better. He wasn’t there yet, though. 
“I’m going to die, aren’t I? No one… is coming, right?”
“The ambulance is coming. It’s on the way.”
“So that’s how it ends… I, who…”
I thought I heard the wail of an ambulance siren but quickly dismissed the possibility. I was imagining things. Sirens are turned on to navigate heavy traffic or crossings. Here in Poplarville… No. 
“Take care of… the girl.”
Even fatally injured, he refused to call Elena by her name. Stubborn man. I felt uncomfortable about it, but this was my last chance to ask him a question that was nagging at me. 
“Is Elena truly your daughter?”
“More than that… Much more.”
Kiril Arnaudov reached for me with a blood-smeared hand. 
“Don’t let me die.”
A stubborn man alright. He was trying to fool me even knowing that he was at death’s doorstep. 
“Stop lying to me or I’ll let you die.”
“I’m not lying… Honest to God!”
I pictured him kneeling in a church, kissing an icon. It didn’t seem unthinkable. 
“I’ll ask you one last time—is Elena truly your daughter?”
“Yes.”
I picked up a shell casing from the floor and put it to his temple. For all he knew, that might be a gun. 
“You have only yourself to blame. Goodbye!”
“Wait… Don’t…”
“What?”
“Don’t shoot!”
“Why not?”
“Because I haven’t told you… everything.”
“I’m listening.”
“Elena is not my… biological daughter.”
“What is she to you?”
Once again, I thought he might be dead—he had stopped breathing. Then he took a wheezing breath and gave me a look as if seeing me for the first time. I had no time to waste. 
“How did she enter your life?”
“Who?”
“Elena.”
“She came to me… With a proposal… for a business partnership.”
I had my suspicions that Elena was different from the version she presented to the world. I even had a theory. But her coming to Kiril Arnaudov with a business proposal? He wasn’t exactly a renowned investor or a mentor for young entrepreneurs. 
“How so? What are you blabbering about?”
“She had a plan… and it worked.”
“What plan?”
His shoulders moved under the orange jacket.
“I’m cold.”
I hoped he wouldn’t ask for a snuggle to warm up. 
“What was Elena’s plan?”
Kiril Arnaudov smiled again, his outstretched hand went limp and fell on his chest. His lips moved but his voice was barely audible. 
“I’m cold.”
His eyes turned glassy and his breathing stopped. 
He was a nasty piece of work, but he couldn’t have been like that his whole life. He had to have done something good at some point. Perhaps without meaning to, perhaps by accident, but he had to have notched at least one good deed or two. He didn’t deserve to die alone. No one deserves to die alone. I squeezed his hand and looked into his eyes. I saw the spark of life grow dimmer until his eyes went dark.
Somewhere upstairs, a door got slammed open and several pairs of footsteps rushed inside. I thought I heard shouts. The door between the factory floor and the small corridor opened. The pairs of feet started down the creaky staircase. 
“Down here,” I barely forced the words out. My throat felt dry and sticky with dust. “Over here!”
40. 
Once again, I woke up in a hospital bed, sporting another gunshot wound. Once again, I replayed the last events in my head, searching for the moment it had all gone wrong for me. I thought about the bodies lying around on the floor and simply failed to see how the shooting could have been avoided. I closed my eyes and thanked God for not abandoning me. Quite the opposite, God had kept me alive and relatively whole in that factory basement massacre. He and he alone. If you haven’t been involved in a shooting like that, you wouldn’t know what it’s like. The survivors are normally all religious people. 
I was also grateful that Bistra Avramova had come to see me and answered all the questions swirling in my head. 
Kiril Arnaudov was the only victim of the chaotic shooting incident. I had met people like him before—so arrogant and untouchable that they couldn’t even bring themselves to treat bullets as a serious threat. Unlike him, Iron and Barber had been prudent enough to wear bulletproof vests. Those had kept them alive, although not intact. Barber was likely paralyzed from the waist down. Compared to him, Iron had gotten off lightly, although he would have to use a cane for the rest of his life. Perhaps an artificial right hand too. Personally, I though a pirate’s hook would suit him better: it would humanize him. The police officers had acted by the book and gotten a couple of bullets for their efforts, all in non-vital areas of their bodies. “Kickass” Lyubo and “Sinister” Lacho had lucked out. I even more than them. The bullet had only grazed my thigh. The wound was deep but wasn’t going to have serious consequences. The only person who had gotten out of the shooting without any damage was Bistra Avramova.
41.
Over the weekend, all sorts of people from all sorts of agencies came to take my testimony. I told the story—the version I, the police chief and her fellow officers had agreed on—over and over again. It wasn’t a brilliant one, but it explained the events of Friday night well enough. None of my visitors came away satisfied with my story. It was obvious they suspected the truth but had no mechanism to force me to admit it. Plus, their dogmatic training told them I had no logical reason to lie. I was implicating myself instead of trying to get away with a crime. Their minds balked at this cognitive dissonance. Police rigidness and narrow-mindedness had worked in my favor before.       
The two beefy fellas hanging around Kiril Arnaudov had disappeared. Bistra Avramova suspected they had split to avoid the scrutiny of the investigation. I believed they had left because of a more straightforward reason—this was the party’s edict. No Kiril Arnaudov, no smuggling business. They were going to find themselves another schmuck to lure with the promise of quick and easy money. The river of informal economy never dries. The only thing that changes in this game are the puppets and the puppeteers—at regular intervals that weirdly coincide with general elections, at that.   
Elena Arnaudova had recovered without medical assistance. Bistra Avramova had managed to catch up to her on the streets of Poplarville that night and take her to a safe place—the police station. Once the hubbub had died down, she had accompanied the young girl to her home early on Sunday and stayed with her until the next morning. Just in case.   
The police chief was now sitting on the bed next to me, teasing the faded fabric of the bedsheet. She looked pretty unassuming at this moment. Her features had softened, the flare of determination in her eyes had died down. I wanted to ask her a personal question but couldn’t find the courage to do it. 
“How is Elena,” I asked instead. 
“She’s down.”
“It was a silly question… How else is she supposed to feel after her father…?”
Bistra Avramova looked thoughtful for a moment, then shook her head. 
“Not to be mean, but I don’t think she’ll be walking around putting up obituaries any time soon.”
“What are you saying?”
“I’ve had to talk to plenty of people in the immediate aftermath of them losing a loved one. It’s never easy. I’ve developed a protocol for dealing with this challenge. With Elena… I didn’t even feel the need to offer my condolences.”
“Did you talk to her?”
“Not really.”
“Were you able to find more about her father’s business?”
“Bits and pieces.”
I wondered if I should tell her Elena wasn’t actually Kiril Arnaudov’s daughter. Maybe later. One of my principles is to offer information in exchange for information. First, I wanted to hear what Bistra Avramova had learned. 
“Anything I don’t already know?”
“You don’t know half of it. According to the documents we found, Kiril Arnaudov has acquired about thirty percent of this town.”
“Thirty percent! The man was not playing around.”
“Well, it didn’t happen overnight.”
Thirty percent… If streets, public buildings and parks were excluded, most of what was left of Poplarville was likely property of the shrewd businessman. This meant Galya and her grandfather had been right when they told me that he owned this town. Only…
“What did he need those properties for?” That question had been on my mind for days. “Poplarville is no Sunny Beach…”
“He charged rent.”
“What rent?”
“He would acquire a house and allow the previous owners to stay there instead of kicking them out. But then he would force them to pay him rent.”
“Really?”
“Well, not a large sum, but still… As you can imagine, no one fell behind with their rent.”
Kiril Arnaudov had been clever. It was a neat arrangement—he got more property, got income on that property by renting it out and got other people to pay for the upkeep. 
“I think I know the rest. Elena lured the soon-to-be former owners.”
“Yes.”
“She probably flirted with every man in town.”
“Well, not every.” 
“Fine, only with the propertied ones. She would invite them to the house and they would transfer their property to her in exchange for a dance or two.”
“You’re wrong, Emil. The dancing was just a prelude.”
“Oh, yeah? To what?”
“Whatever the client wanted or could handle.”
I remembered that old man clapping to the rhythm of Elena’s tacky dance. I pictured him sleeping with her and shuddered. Gross. So, Elena had been nothing more than a run-of-the-mill prostitute this entire time! With an unusual clientele. 
“Some of her clients transferred their property voluntarily,” Bistra Avramova continued. “That’s how they paid for pleasure. Others, however, were blackmailed into doing it.”
“What did she blackmail them with? Video clips?”
“No, no clips. She would just threaten them to spread word about their exploits.”
“Yeah, right!”
“You might find it hard to believe, but they all fell for it. In a small town like this, one nasty rumor is enough to ruin someone’s life.”
“Scheme simplicity. It limits the potential for screw-ups.”
“What?”
“Nothing. Does she keep some… list of her victims?”
“I haven’t asked, but I doubt it.”
I thought about all those hapless fathers, grandfathers and uncles condemning themselves, and perhaps their entire families, to paying for the right to live in their own homes. Just because they had had the audacity to taste the forbidden fruit. Fools.
“There’s no way a scheme like that could’ve grown on such a scale.”
“Sure there is! You haven’t heard the best part.”
Bistra Avramova gave me a strange look and a trace of a smile played across her lips before she continued. Her voice dropped as if she was murmuring to herself. 
“I should’ve seen it sooner.”
“Seen what?”
“It was right there all along, staring me in the face.”
“What are you talking about?”
“Never mind, where was I?”
“You were about to get to the best part.”
“Ah, yes,” the police chief smiled in earnest this time. “Residential properties weren’t Kiril Arnaudov’s biggest priority.”
“What was?”
“Fields.”
“How come?”
Bistra Avramova started pacing the room as if talking to an audience of pupils or students. I had seen her in that mode before. I suspected she wasn’t even aware of doing it. Some habits die hard. 
“Imagine that you’re being pressured by Elena and her father to pay for the services you just enjoyed. You are given a choice—to part with either your house or your field. What would you choose?”
“The field, of course.”
“That’s exactly what Kiril Arnaudov counted on. Fields, pastures, you name it… Essentially, every piece of farmland around Poplarville is his. Tens of thousands of hectares.”
“And? Was he going to grow rye and millet?”
“Nothing of the sort. Think.”
When someone buys up land, it is because some investment project is in the pipeline—like building a resort or a logistics center or plants and factories or…
“The pipeline!”
Bistra Avramova smiled and nodded. I wasn’t all that convinced, though. 
“What’s the big deal? The government could’ve simply expropriated his land and built its pipeline. Kiril Arnaudov wouldn’t have been able to do anything about it.”
“You don’t get it. All the land around here is his. He would’ve been able to dictate the terms of any contractual agreement he struck with the government. Plus, he would’ve sold the state his properties at market prices, when he got them in exchange for…”
I thought about Elena and her role of seductress in Kiril Arnaudov’s business model. Why would he present her as his daughter to begin with? Why not his mistress? I doubted anyone would’ve called him out on it, considering he had never married or started a family… 
“What about Elena?”
“What about her?”
“Why did she get involved in this scheme?”
“Money,” Bistra Avramova shrugged her shoulders and smiled. “What else?”
“She didn’t like what she was doing.”
“Would you have, if you were in her shoes?”
“That’s not what I meant,” I was starting to see the big picture. “She tormented herself over it. She couldn’t bear being the reason why honest people lost their homes and whatever else they surrendered to Kiril Arnaudov…”
“I don’t think she took it all that hard.”
“She felt bad about it.”
“Yeah,” the police chief laughed. “She felt so bad about it that she kept doing it.”
“Only because Kiril Arnaudov had something on her. She didn’t have a choice. It got increasingly harder for her over time until she finally snapped one day.”
“What? She went crazy?”
“No. She started punishing herself. Hurting herself. Paying for her sins through suffering.”
Bistra Avramova gave me a searching look. My theory was sound, but even I could feel something wasn’t quite right with it. Something big.
“How much money did she make?”
“A hundred and thirty-two thousand and four hundred bucks,” Bistra Avramova reported and nodded thoughtfully. “It took us nearly two hours to count the bills and file them as evidence.”
So, there had been more than the fifties and hundreds she had shown me. 
“What did she need the money for?”
“She wouldn’t say. But she let it slip that she needed just a bit more.”
“For what?”
“I don’t know.”
“Suppose Elena is not Kiril Arnaudov’s daughter.”
Bistra Avramova took a deep breath. Now I was the one reading her mind. 
“It’s possible. I’ve thought about that too.”
“Suppose that’s the case. What is she doing in Poplarville?”
“She came looking for a job?”
“No. It’s more likely that she’d been given a job before she came here. Either Elena’s mother or her father must’ve owed Kiril Arnaudov a lot of money. They were struggling to repay it, so he took her as insurance. In a weird plot twist, she actually started making him money. And earning some for herself. She wanted to repay her parents’ debts. Let’s say, they owed a hundred and fifty thousand, which would make her savings pretty close to the target.”
“So, she saves enough to pay back Arnaudov and is set free, is that it?”
“I don’t know,” I said, which was the honest truth. “She may have needed the money for all sorts of things. A hundred and fifty thousand is a lot of cash. I thought back to that cold morning when Elena Arnaudova had tried to hire me to kill Bistra Avramova. Now I knew why. The police chief had been getting dangerously close to ruining her business right when she was beginning to see the finish line.
“You poked your nose in her father’s business. Kiril Arnaudov probably told her that he felt threatened by your investigation.”
“But I knew nothing of his real estate scheme. I was looking into the cigarette operations.”
“And how would they have known that? They thought everything might soon crumble down. Kiril Arnaudov may have been smart enough not to touch a police officer, but Elena acted more impulsively. After all, she was terribly close to saving the dreamed amount.”
“But I…”
“No!” I cried out so loudly that Bistra Avramova jumped back. “That’s not it.”
“Which part?”
“The entire real estate business was Elena’s idea.”
“What do you mean?”
“She was pulling the strings.”
“What?”
“You heard me right. She came up with the idea and carried it out. Kiril Arnaudov just gave her protection and free rein on his own turf.”
“But his name is on the property deeds.”
“Yes, he got to own the properties, but he paid her a portion of their value. Perhaps a significant portion.”
“Why?”
“Because it was her business project. From the beginning to end. She came to him with an idea and offered to share the profits.”
“And he just said yes?” Bistra Avramova shook her head. “I don’t buy it.”
“He got into it because it was a sure thing.”
“How would he have known that?”
“He knew her, he knew her parents. From before. It wasn’t a debt that connected them, they were his friends.”
“Friends? Friends who send him their daughter so he can fix her up with a spot as a prostitute?”
“Nothing of the sort. They were told a different story.”
“What? She was doing a science experiment?”
The police chief had good instincts. Sometimes I wondered if she could deduce everything about my past just by watching me and listening to me. 
“Exactly.”
“I don’t follow.”
“Martin, the bartender at the café, told me Elena was working on a thesis. That she often visited older residents of Poplarville, interviewed them, took notes.” 
“Are you serious?”
“If you search her house, you’ll probably find her notes. Maybe she was really working on a thesis of whatever.”
“Or she made the rounds of all the old people so she could gather intel on their property.”
“No, no. Kiril Arnaudov already had that information. She did that for her own reasons.”
“But…”
A nurse came into the room and the police chief stood up. She adjusted her pantsuit and moved to the side to let the other woman do her job. I strained my neck to see over the nurse’s shoulder. 
“Find her parents. It’s the only way.”
“Do you really think I haven’t tried?”
“Maybe you’re looking in the wrong place?”
Bistra Avramova gave me her patented look of mild exasperation and reached in her pocket. She pulled out a small envelope and placed it by my pillow. She nodded and walked out. 
I thought she might have bought me another bus ticket. Police officers are tenacious people. I tore the envelope open and a medallion shaped like a wolf’s head slipped out of it. I couldn’t believe it! The police chief had found my medallion and returned it to me… My initial euphoria was quickly followed by a sneaking suspicion that it had been with her all along. I put the frayed leather cord over my head and stroked the cold brass form. I would never understand small-town people. 
The nurse fussed with the sheets and checked the IV bag that was feeding me glucose. She was muttering to herself as she made the bed next to me. 
“We haven’t seen anything like it.”
Naturally, I assumed she was talking about me and my ears perked up. 
“Five people hospitalized with gunshot wounds and one in the morgue. Lord, Poplarville is getting to the big leagues.”
42.
Dr. Belchev didn’t say a word to me. Maybe he had decided to stop speaking to me altogether. I suspected my stay in the hospital was a headache for him. Because of me, the medical facility had been overrun with non-staff people who disregarded both his authority and the sanctity of the patient. Plus, I wasn’t that interesting to him from a medical standpoint. To top it all, I didn’t have health insurance and Kiril Arnaudov was no longer here to pay for my hospital stay, not that I was sure he had paid the first time. 
No one was coming to see me and I had nowhere to go. My options for diversions were limited to sitting by the window and watching the hospital’s courtyard. It was empty but for two dumpsters on the edge of a parking lot. The most exciting event figured to be the appearance of the garbage truck. That was only a guess since I was yet to see it show up. 
I sat there, staring at the dumpsters—identical, rusty, ribbed, with dingy lids and crooked hooks where the trucks latched on. I watched them for hours without moving. My mind was clearing and I was beginning to remember stuff I didn’t even realize I had seen. I alternated between staring at the dumpsters and staring off into space.    
My other source of diversion were the visits nurses paid me. I couldn’t remember all of the women; plus, they all looked alike to me. It was probably an illusion created by their identical white clothes. Or were they actual sisters? Sisters in life, sisters by calling. It sounded like the name of a reality TV show from the end of the last century. I had read somewhere that it is more likely for two brothers to choose the same profession than for two sisters. Apparently, girls are more their own person. 
I glanced back at the dumpsters and stopped breathing. 
Sisters. 
Elena and her sister Galya. 
That was why Elena had been saving money. 
I wasted no time. I dragged myself to the door, cracked it open and called for the nurse. A young girl was working the shift. I asked her to call the police chief and find me a cane. The girl started lecturing me. I must have shot her a pretty nasty look because the next thing I knew she was off to do my bidding. 

I sat at the backseat of the police car, rocking in the rhythm of the potholes. I wondered how much of the ugly side of life I could see before getting completely jaded. My suspicion was that I might be programmed to handle an endless amount of human suffering without the sparkle in my eyes growing dim, as had happened with the Poplarville police chief. 
Instead of the two bodyguards of Kiril Arnaudov, a police officer in uniform stood outside the security guard cabin and motioned for us to pass through the wrought-iron gate. 
Bistra Avramova parked the car, took a wheelchair out of the trunk and unfolded it. I opted for the plastic cane I had been given in the hospital. It lent me the aristocratic air of a married middle-aged man with a dangerous hobby. 
The police chief opened the door to the house and we went in. We headed straight for Elena’s room. She seemed unsurprised to see us. Her bedroom was full of boxes. Like the ones that… For a second there, I thought the girl might have taken control of the cigarette business… The actual explanation turned out to be a bit more mundane than that.   
Elena was packing.
She was moving.
“Where to?” Bistra Avramova had shed the police officer exterior and was being very nice to the girl. “Sofia?”
“No.”
Whatever her destination, Elena wasn’t about to reveal it. If her expression was any indication, it wasn’t anywhere pleasant. She didn’t seem particularly thrilled to go. 
“Do you have where to go?” the police chief asked. 
“I’ll manage.”
The two were practically crooning like mother and daughter. The fact that several days earlier Elena had been in my room asking me to kill Bistra Avramova seemed like a distant dream. It was time for me to do what I had come for. 
“Why don’t you just go home?”
Elena threw me a glance of magnanimous condescension, if there was such a thing. She probably had the same look on her face when she inspected her manicure.  
“I don’t have a home.”
“Yes, you do.”
I had decided not to tell Bistra Avramova anything before making sure I was right. 
“You have a home here, in Poplarville.”
“I can’t stay here,” the young woman made a sweeping gesture with her hand. “I’ve made some horrible memories in this house.”
“I’m not talking about this house, Elena. Why don’t you go to your mother’s?”
“You seem to be mistaken.”
“No, I’m not!” I was starting to lose patience. “Stop playing dumb!”
“If you enjoy insulting me, cool.”
That wasn’t going to work. I turned to look at Bistra Avramova. She saw the question in my eyes and hesitated for a moment before excusing herself to make a call. I was left alone with Elena. By my count, I had three minutes tops before the police chief came back.
“Elena, I know the whole story. I don’t need you to confirm it. I’m not here for that.”
“What are you here for?”
“To tell you that all you did was not in vain.”
“As if you know what I did and why.”
“I have good news for you.”
“Keep it to yourself, if you don’t mind.”
“No, I must tell you. It’s about your mother.”
That got her attention. Behind the mask of cool indifference, this girl still held on to a shred of warmth. Perhaps it was reserved for those most precious to her. 
“What about my mother?”
“You can do it despite everything that happened.”
“What are you talking about?”
“You can pay for your mother to get operated.”
Elena let out a bitter laugh. 
“Pay with what? The police seized all my savings.”
“As they should. You can’t prove legal origin.”
“If they only knew how hard I’ve worked to earn this money…”
“Let that be a lesson to you.”
“What?!”
“Next time you decide to make a quick buck…”
“Oh, fuck off! I don’t need your lecturing!”
“That’s not my intention at all. I’m here for a different reason.”
“To waste my time, it seems.”
I took a deep breath and wondered what was the best way to tell her. I had to put the right spin on the news. 
“Before dying in my arms, Kiril Arnaudov asked me to take care of you. Stop frowning. He told me he’d set aside a large amount of cash for you. You know, if something happened to him.”
Elena turned away. I remembered Kiril Arnaudov telling me Elena was more than his daughter. Perhaps, at times, he had been more than a father to her too. Their relationship would forever remain a mystery to me. 
“Why are you telling me all this?”
“Because he asked me to.”
“To take care of me?”
“Not in those exact words but that was the sentiment,” I scratched my neck and noticed I needed to take a shower badly. “From what I can see, though, you’re more than capable of taking care of yourself.” 
“What do you want, then?”
“Kiril Arnaudov told me where the money is hidden.”
“What money?”
“The big money. The money with a capital M.”
“Where?”
“I’ll take you there this evening. On one condition.”
“You want half of it?”
Poor thing! I felt like laughing out loud, but that would have been crass since the house was probably in mourning.
“You don’t know me, young lady. You don’t know me at all.”
“What, then?”
I studied her carefully. Apparently, I was starting to emulate Bistra Avramova. Elena seemed vulnerable and confused at that moment but just as strong and determined as always. 
“You’ll finish school. That’s the condition.”
“What?”
“After your mother has her successful operation, you’ll return to Sofia and get your degree.”
“Are you even listening to yourself? Don’t make me laugh.”
“Whatever you say. It’s up to you.”
Elena shook her head and grabbed a pack of cigarettes from the desk. It was there that a couple of days ago she had shown me how much cash she had. I noticed she smoked a quality brand of cigarettes, certainly not the one that Kiril Arnaudov used to make. She pulled on her lit cigarette and blew the smoke in my direction. 
“You’re crazy.”
“Fine, have it your way,” I nodded, coughing. “I’ll wait for your call.”
“What’s to stop me from taking the money and not fulfilling that condition?”
“You wouldn’t do that.”
“Why?”
“Because you’re decent.”
43. 
Bistra Avramova was driving me back to the hospital. I wanted to have a cup of coffee with her before we said our goodbyes, but the visit to Elena’s house had exhausted me. I felt sleepy. The police chief drove slowly as if trying to prolong the moment. I couldn’t bear to sit there in silence any longer. 
“Thank you! For the medallion.”
Bistra Avramova’s eyes darted at me before returning to the empty street. I stared at the paving blocks too as if waiting for a genie to pop out from the cracks and give me three wishes. At that moment, I had only one—to leave Poplarville as soon as possible. But not before I had solved this town’s biggest mystery. 
“There’s one last thing I need to know.”
“What is that?”
“What comes after ‘Kiss off’?”
“Excuse me?”
“When someone in Poplarville tells me ‘Kiss off’, what am I supposed to say?”
“What do you mean?”
“What’s the appropriate response to this greeting?”
Bistra Avramova smiled and flicked a lock of blond hair off her face. 
“Oh, that.”
“Mm-hmm.”
The police chief’s smile widened and she pulled off. 
“Come on.”
“What?”
“Say ‘Kiss off!’”
I cleared my throat and straightened my shoulders. 
“Kiss off!”
Bistra Avramova leaned over and kissed me. The kiss was neither too quick nor too slow. Her lips were smooth and gentle. Warm and firm, insistent and confident. She kept her eyes closed. When it was over, her gaze returned to the road, but note before I had noticed she seemed misty-eyed. The car resumed its snail’s pace. 
“What did you tell her?”
“Who?”
“Elena Arnaudova.”
“Oh, nothing special.”
“She seemed upset.”
“She’s fine.”
“I would’ve felt the same way if I were her. Her whole world came crashing down.”
“Quite the opposite, I think her luck is about to turn.”
“You said her mother lives in Poplarville. Do you know her?”
“No.”
“I’m done asking questions. I don’t want to know.”
“Get out of here.”
“OK.”
“I meant, run away while you still can.”
“What?”
“They’re coming to arrest you around noon tomorrow.”
“Who is?”
“My colleagues from Sofia.”
“Have I become that infamous?”
“I almost got fired because of you yesterday.”
“I can’t say I feel guilt. I lost that ability long ago.”
“Emil…”
“What?”
“I’m glad I met you.”
“Me too.”
“Good luck!”
“Good luck to you too!”
“And take it easy from now on, OK?”
“Look who’s talking!”
“It’s part of the job for me.”
“How do you know what I do for a living?”
Once again, Bistra Avramova seemed to consider the possibility that I might be working for some special force with some top-secret agency. Of course, the mind of a police chief would go there.  
It was my turn to lean over and kiss her. A light, soft kiss—like the ones you get before bedtime. Although it was still day in our case. She didn’t return my kiss, but she didn’t push me away either. I wanted to say something nice to her as a parting gift. 
“I’ll think of you every time I see plant lice.”
“Scram!”
44. 
Elena showed up at seven. She helped me get out of the hospital despite the nurse’s protestations. I kept telling the nurse that I was being taken to the police station for a cross-examination, but she wasn’t buying it. I blamed my silly attempt at a charming smile for that. She wanted to call the station and confirm my story. Elena was much more mature about the situation than me. She gave the woman twenty bucks and told her she would have me back in one piece in a couple of hours. That did the trick. God only knew what the nurse was imagining about the two of us…    
Elena helped me to the car, put me in the front passenger seat and drove off. The short trip to the car had shown me I could walk without the assistance of a cane. Well, it was a slow, painful and quite torturous process but it would be enough to get me out of Poplarville. 
Funny, the aroma of sandalwood in the car was gone. Replaced by something far nastier: strawberry.
A strawberry air-freshener for a car… This could be used to great effect during the most difficult interrogations. Anyone would break when subjected to such an outrage. Even the most hardened of criminals would sing to get away from the smell of strawberries. I was beginning to feel sick. Although, Elena’s erratic driving might have been the real culprit. Thankfully, we finally turned onto the narrow road to the abandoned airport. Soon after, the car screeched to a stop outside the spooky sheet-metal silhouette of the hangar. 
“Now what?”
I buzzed down my window and filled my lungs with cold, fresh air. 
“Turn off the lights.”
She did and pulled out the ignition key. In the thick silence around us, all I could hear was my heartbeat. Under the heavy lid of the graying sky, the smell of damp soil hung in the air.
“Now what?” Elena leaned back and stared out the window as if expecting unwelcomed company.  
“You know Kiril Arnaudov better than me. Where would he hide the money?”
“He would bury it somewhere near.”
The dark ploughed fields around us sprawled all the way to the horizon, fragrant and endless, their canvas disturbed by big, sticky lumps.
“You have got to be kidding.”   
“People around these parts don’t believe in the banking system.”
I used two hands to lever myself up and out of the car. 
“And what do you believe in?”
“Nothing.”
“At your age, you should still believe in something.”
“Are you going to babble all night?”
“I’m trying to guess where the money is.”
“I don’t believe there’s hidden money at all.”
“I do.”    
Elena got out of the car and leaned against the hood. She pulled her down jacket tighter around her body and lit a cigarette. 
“You were the one driving that night, weren’t you?”
“What night?”
“The night of the accident.”
Elena stopped breathing for a long moment and turned away. I felt like having a smoke and turning away too. But life had thought me that avoiding problems doesn’t make them magically disappear. I put my arm on Elena’s shoulder and made her face me. 
“Maybe it’s time for you to stop blaming yourself for things you can’t change.”
Her cigarette fell on the cut-up road, its burning tip bursting into a thousand little sparks. 
“I started living on my own in high school. By the time I finished my last year at university, six and a half years had gone by since my last visit to Poplarville. I’d just taken my finals and was looking forward to presenting my thesis in the fall, when mother and father came to see me. They often traveled to Sofia to get stuff.”
I bet. Things like underwear and socks. 
“For some reason, I decided to go back to Poplarville with them. I felt homesick, I guess. Father let me drive… He was so proud of me—of how grown-up and independent I was, that sort of thing.”
Elena nudged a couple of rocks with the tip of her shoe. I couldn’t see her eyes in the dark but I could almost feel the fire burning in there. 
“I was in a Vratsa hospital for six weeks… knowing that I’d killed my father and confined my mother to bed. I had taken them away from Galya. I had two choices—to slit my wrists or redeem myself. I had become the head of the family.”
“What about your grandfather?”
“Stephan Ignatov wanted nothing to do with me. He’s never had any love for me. There was this rumor that my mother was already pregnant with me when she got married… But I’ve asked her and know that this is nonsense. In any case, my grandfather has always been cold to me. In his eyes, I couldn’t do anything right. He disapproved of me living alone in Sofia, of me studying to become an engineer, of me not coming home for years. After… I could only imagine what it would be like after the accident. So, I decided I should do something to secure a better life for mother and Galya. Something big.”
“Did she hold you responsible for the accident too?”
“No. She… she’s a very sweet human being.”
“Why are you estranged, then?”
“I kept my distance. I felt guilty for taking her parents away from her.”
“They were your parents too.”
“I was twenty-three at the time. Galya was only sixteen. And once… once I went to Kiril… I was ashamed to talk to her after that.”
I didn’t understand how all of this was even possible in a town like Poplarville. 
“You had to have bumped into each other every now and then! Poplarville is no Sofia. And then what—you wouldn’t acknowledge each other?”
“I was careful to avoid her.”
“What about all the other people in Polar? I’m sure everyone knows everyone here. Why did you decide to pose as Kiril Arnaudov’s daughter? Who would’ve believed that?”
“First of all, most people didn’t know me since I’d left town as a kid. Second, those who knew me decided I’d completely lost it after the accident. I remember what it was like—no one dared arguing with me, most didn’t even dare talking to me. As if they worried that I might fly off the handle.”
“What about Arnaudov? How did he agree to this charade?”
“I had a lot of time to think in the hospital. I went to him with a plan.”
“You offered him to pimp you out and he accepted?”
“He cared about getting a profit, not how he got it. He was a practical man.”
“You acted like a pretty practical person too.”
“I was trying to redeem myself. It was different.”
Suddenly, I felt cold. A brisk wind came from the north. I stared at the hangar as my face turned into a cold mask, urging me to buzz off. The car motor behind us was cooling off with a barely audible crackling. Elena gazed fixedly at the crumbling old road. I thought I heard her crying, but her sobs were so quiet that I couldn’t be sure. I wrapped my coat tighter around me and fastened the top button. I must have put on some weight since my arrival in Poplarville because the button snapped and fell on the ground. 
Or maybe this coat didn’t tolerate being buttoned up… Maybe it was a free spirit like me. 
“He cared about you, Elena. That much I can tell from the few times we talked.”
“How so?”
“He worried about you suffering.”
“We were business partners.”
“Maybe he grew fond of you over time…”
“He wasn’t the type to…”
The cold wind was good for me. I was growing more optimistic—the things-can-only-get-better kind of optimism. 
“I’m sorry, Elena.”
“For what?”
“For everything you’ve had to go through.”
“It could have been worse.”
Elena lit another cigarette, put her hands in her pockets and retreated even lower into the collar of her down jacket. I wanted to ask her so many things, but I felt our time was running out. And yet, one question kept nagging at me. 
“Did you really want me to kill Bistra Avramova?”
Elena Arnaudova thought about it for a moment, pulled on her cigarette and slowly nodded. In the light from the glowing ember, I saw a shadow cross her face. Generally speaking, I’m not easily moved, but her quiet admission made my skin crawl. 
“Why?” 
“You saw why. The whole thing went to hell because of her.”
“You can tell yourself that, but Bistra Avramova is a good person.”
“Nothing personal.”
“You were going to make me the fall guy, weren’t you?”
“What do you mean?”
“You and Kiril Arnaudov planned this together. You were going to send the police after me and play the heroes at my expense.”
“No, Emil. My motives were pretty straightforward. I almost had the money. I just needed a little more time. Bistra Avramova was the only person who could stop me. I wasn’t about to let her ruin everything. I had a Plan B. It all happened so fast that I didn’t get to it.”
“What Plan B?”
“I was going to whack her myself.”
The young woman’s single-mindedness was scary. I could only imagine what fate awaited me if we didn’t find Kiril Arnaudov’s hidden treasure. 
“But you were practically cooing over each other earlier today… As if nothing ever…”
“I have no reason to hate her anymore. The game is over—no matter what I do, I can’t get my money back.”
“So, it was all because of the money?”
Elena flicked her unfinished cigarette to the ground and cleared her throat. 
“Did you bring me here so we can find the money or have a chat?”
“Both.”
“Get in.”
She had probably meant the car, but I headed for the hangar. I limped to the massive door and grabbed the handle. I tried to slide the thing open but that proved way more difficult than the first time. My legs were unsteady and my arms were weaker than before. After a while, I got frustrated and let out a curse. It worked its magic. The door slid on its tiny wheels. 
“I’m sorry.” 
I don’t like using foul language in front of women, especially young women. However, Elena was mature beyond her age, which I put at about twenty-eight. 
“A single kind word can unlock any door. ”
I laughed at her quip. My laughter quickly faded as I remembered Kiril Arnaudov’s words—that money can open any door… I had misunderstood his blabbering. 
“Do you have a flashlight?”
Elena reached in her pocket and pulled out a phone the size of a coffee table. She touched its screen a couple of times and bright white light spilled from its back. 
I took the phone and led the way into the hangar. I slid the door shut again and pointed the beam of light to it. The money was here somewhere, waiting for us. All I had to do was find it. 
“Here!” I handed Elena the phone to hold it up for me and started searching the door. It shouldn’t be hard. I doubted Kiril Arnaudov had deposited his earnings here with the help of heavy equipment. No, he would have needed quick and easy access to it—to take or add bills. It made no sense for the hiding place to be hard or complicated to reach. 
The door was thick and heavy, made of wooden boards nailed to a construction of sturdy shaped iron and covered in sheet metal. The boards had started to rot, the sheet metal was rusty. The hangar was primed to lose a great deal of its dubious glory in the next violent storm. It wouldn’t hold up to an RPG either. 
I took the damned rickety chair and put it right up against the sheet metal. Since Kiril Arnaudov was shorter than me, I ended up not having to tap the door all the way to the ceiling. I found a spot that rang hollow and gave the sheet metal a push. Nothing happened. I pushed harder. Again, nothing. Finally, I smiled to myself, just like the very first time I had tried to open the hangar door. 
Here, the metal was different—a piece the size of a sheet of paper seemed lighter in color and without rust. I put my hand on it and tried to slide it up. It lifted like the guillotine door of an old P.O. box. I shoved my arm to the elbow and my fingers touched something soft. 
I had done it. I had found the money. 

Stacks of bills carefully wrapped in plastic wrap were stuffed in the space between the two panels of the sliding door. One by one, I took the packs out and threw them on the hangar floor. They fell with a soft thump, one off the most pleasant noises in the world. I got down from the chair and examined the treasure. Kiril Arnaudov hadn’t wasted his time. Stacks of bills enough to fill an entire suitcase lay around on the cold concrete floor. They were all big bills too. Hundreds of thousands of bucks. There were also euros and currencies I didn’t recognize. I had never seen so much money in one place, not that I knew the exact amount. One thing was certain—it far exceeded Elena’s seized savings. Several times over. 
Elena stared at the money in disbelief. She bent down to pick up a pack, tore the thin film of plastic and traced her fingers over the edge of the bills. 
“Kiss off!”
I didn’t want to linger in the hanger longer than it was needed. There was a chance someone else suspected—or knew of—the existence of Kiril Arnaudov’s cache. 
“Take the money to the trunk and let’s get out of here.”
My leg hurt from all the physical activity I had done to find the money. I needed to sit down for a bit and rest since standing by the side of a road for God knew how long was in my near future.
“Are you sure you don’t want some of it?” Elena offered me one of the packs and raised her eyebrows in a silent question. 
My inner voice was shouting at the top of its lungs. It sounded something like don’t be stupid, take the money. A second voce whispered sinisterly for me to bash Elena over the head and run away with the money. 
The voice of the idiot in me won out as always. 
“I’m sure.”
Elena’s pale eyes pierced right through my soul. I barely mustered the strength to shake my head. I had nothing to do with this money. I had neither worked for it nor done anything to deserve it. Easy money is easily wasted on nonsense.
45. 
We got into the car and fell into a companionable silence. I had no idea what was going through Elena’s mind, but I was already thinking about Sofia. I had solved many of Poplarville’s mysteries. I lacked appetite for the rest. Meanwhile, all sorts of questions awaited me in the big city. Would Vyara take me in for a couple of days? What would I do after that? How would I support myself? Would I be able to find a job? Would I be able to… I cut the litany of questions off. Life had thought me to not be in a rush, not look too far ahead. 
Elena sniffed, turned the ignition key and looked at me. 
“I assume you have no intention of going back to the hospital?”
This girl acted more maturely than me sometimes. I guess the tests in her real-life education had been harder than most. I had no choice but to respect her. 
“I don’t even want to see the Poplarville town sign.”
“I can cut straight through the fields,” Elena smiled fiendishly. 
“I meant that I don’t want to see it ever again, for the rest if my life.”
“Don’t make such grand declarations.”
Just as Galya had told me. 

Before dropping me off, Elena scribbled a number on a piece of yellow paper and handed it to me. 
“Give me a call some time.”
I nodded and got off the car at the motel parking lot. I waited for the red lights of her car to disappear down the road to Poplarville and tore the number into tiny pieces I threw into the trash can outside the gas station. It had started snowing. I went to stand underneath the gas station canopy and studied the trucks parked outside the restaurant. Some driver would surely be heading on the road soon. My stomach growled and my mind immediately conjured up the vision of hot chicken soup. Now I was exhibiting conditioned reflexes like Pavlov’s dog.
46. 
I reached in my coat pockets and found the sum of my property there: a safety deposit box key, a notebook filled with phone numbers and addresses, a lighter, a pack of gum, my ID card and three folded bills. I had a hundred and fifty bucks total. I had clothes on my back. I glanced at the cold luminescent lamps under the gas station’s canopy and smiled: I had a roof over my head too.   
It wasn’t half bad for early December. My leg hurt but my heart was content and my mind was clear. 
Suddenly, I had a premonition that, one night, Bistra and I would meet again. Weirdly, it didn’t feel like a good thing. Sharp whistling pulled me out of my reverie. A heavy-duty truck was trying to make a clumsy manoeuvre outside the gas station. I drew back to avoid getting wiped out and peered at the driver hanging halfway out of his window. He was smoking a pipe and had an underbite. I bet he had an anchor tattooed on his right wrist too. 
Kiss off!
Acknowledgments

Thank you to Elena Lazarkova, Nadezhda Sapundzhieva, Radostina Aleksieva, Fani Icheva and Milen Simeonov for their wholehearted support and constant peering over my shoulder to tirelessly and patiently correct every grammatical, spelling and factual error. Their insight into technical terms, professional jargon and literary devices has been invaluable to me. I take full responsibility for any and all inaccuracies that might have snuck into the book. 
Thank you to Bistra Grigorova and Emil Mladenov for the inspiration—two remarkable Bulgarian language and literature teachers who showed me the way. 
Thank you to Stavri Fotev and Kalinka Stankova for their creative approach to the book design.
Thank you to my long-time publisher Dimitar Popov for putting up with my idiosyncrasies. 
Thank you to all of you for reading and keeping the fire burning. 

This novel is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and events are either products of the author’s imagination or used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events or persons is purely coincidental.
