Leonard
Leonard a little boy was born in so much hate and pain that he could have been seen as a cast out and loser.  He grow-up in a house where his Grandma was his only guiding light and Jillian was his adopted mother whom loved him with all her might.  Leonard battled the darkness in his life and worked hard to change his life.  Leonard became the change he wanted to see in the world.  His life is a shinning example of how darkness was defeated and how the light changed peoples lives.
This story is written to give people hope and show how we can defeat the darkness in our lives.
I need to give God the honour and gratitude for giving me the story of Leonard to share with this world.  To my wife, son and family thank you for the support in this time.  Corné my wife, thank you for your love and understanding for all the hours spend alone while I was writing this story.  Love you much babeface.
Nico J Verwey


~~~~


Leonard
Nico J Verwey
Published by Nico J Verwey at Smashwords
Copyright 2012 Nico J Verwey
This book is also available in print at Nico J Verwey
+2771 689 4996
Website:
www.nicojverwey.webs.com.


Leonard
First Edition 2012
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Editors: 
Corné Verwey, Hester Smith and
Yolandi van Deventer

First print 2012 By:
Mat516 Productions (PTY) Ltd. 2012/041940/07
http://mat516publishers.yolasite.com
+2779 317 0071


~~~~


Table Of Contents
Chapter 1 - The Beginning
Chapter 2 - Oh! What Horror!
Chapter 3 - Beginning of the Curse
Chapter 4 - Little Demon, Little Angel
Chapter 5 - Schooling of the...
Chapter 6 - Almost Human
Chapter 7 - Hormone Valley
Chapter 8 - Being an Adult in Hell
Chapter 9 - Treachery and Forgiveness
Chapter 10 - The Final Battle


~~~~


Chapter 1 - The Beginning

I still remember the young man I knew a long time ago. His name was Leonard, meaning “Strong as a Lion”. If he only knew how true this meaning would be in his life. He was followed by so much anger, hatred, grief, pain and violence that one could have mistaken him for Lucifer’s son. 
Looking at his history and measuring it to the standards of man, he could have easily been labelled as a loser, criminal and wash out. The circumstance in which he was conceived in was that of a demon moulded by evil itself. You would not wish his life on your worst enemy and if it was anybody else that had to live through this, they would have most probably jumped off the highest building just to stop all this madness. His existence was defined by his pain and trying to solve the problems of the world, because of who he was and how he was brought into this world. 
Leonard was a fighter and he was always trying to correct everything that was wrong in the past, present and future. He did not always get it perfectly right but he tried to correct that which had gone so wrong in his life. In most cases his effort was met with disgust and rejection but he still pressed on. I can say without a doubt that he became a great example of what man would say is from the dark pit of hell, to what God in his infinite wisdom would say was in his planning and was perfect in His sight. He became a success in the eyes of God that outshone the beauty of many diamonds, of a sunset in the Karoo with all its splendour and a creation that God would be proud of.
Thinking back at his life he had no chance to make it. The way he was conceived could be labelled as violent, with pain, in hatred and death. It all started in 1969, the end of the hippie era, as mankind moved from free love, drugs and demonstrations to the disco era, where fun, designer drugs and night clubs were the measure of the times. Who could forget John Travolta and Saturday Night Fever in the seventies? A very fun background setting to a very sad story.
In Kimberley, a small town in the Northern Cape, lived a young and beautiful girl. Her name was Annette, meaning “Grace or Favour”. This name described who she was in body, mind and soul. 
Annette, at the tender age of sixteen, was a beautiful vibrant girl who had it all. Her long brown hair with its very slight natural curl was like chocolate and velvet all mixed together. Her face was white as snow and reminded one of porcelain. Her eyes were bright green and sparkled like emeralds in the sun. Her nose was fine with a slight turned up profile and perfect proportions. Her lips were plump and had a natural red tint that looked like bright red cherries with a slight pink blush in her rosy cheeks. Her neck was long and slim ruling a tiny body sculpted by the Creator himself. 
From an early age she won every beauty contest in town and even went on to model for the local designers. Her voice sounded like water flowing in a little stream, ringing like fairy bells, capturing your attention and captivating your soul for the few moments she spoke to you. Her soul was white as snow and she loved God with all her might, power and emotion. God saw his creation and was pleased.
Her father and mother decided to let her take singing lessons at an early age. How can I forget how the teacher, Miss Grimmel said “This little one, she will go far with the grace of God!” Miss Grimmel, a music teacher of over 30 years, saw something in Annette that some people thought would disappear as she got older, but Annette’s voice only grew better and better. Miss Grimmel decided to ask her father and mother if they could let her take part in a music contest held annually in Johannesburg. This annual contest was held in search of fresh talent and only the invited elite could partake. The winner would be given a seven single contract and if the seven single was successful, a full contract would be negotiated. Miss Grimmel, a patron of the contest, knew that Annette would be a great success and that she had to share her gift with all.
“You know”, said Miss Grimmel to Annette’s parents, “your daughter has a gift from God, YA. I would like to take her to the music competition in Johannesburg, YA. I feel we cannot hide this beautiful young girl from our country, NEIN, the whole world! I believe she could even win!” Annette’s father and mother were sceptical, but after a lot of discussion and planning, decided that they would let Annette go, on the condition that her dad goes along. So it happened that they left for Johannesburg on 18 January 1969 to go and compete in this competition. They arrived late Sunday afternoon in Johannesburg and booked into the hotel. Annette looked at this big city with big eyes and became very afraid of this Sodom and Gomorra city, as their pastor in Kimberley described it. John, Annette’s father, looked at his daughter and smiled, “Don’t worry my child, I will protect you and you know that our God will look after us in this city”.  Miss Grimmel called Annette after they booked into the hotel, “Mine libje, you must rest tonight we have a long day tomorrow.” 
Monday morning Annette was awakened by the sound of honking cars and screaming people in the streets of the big city. After breakfast they travelled to the auditorium for the competition auditions. Miss Grimmel, on arrival, went to greet her old friends and left Annette to warm up her voice. John helped, “Okay Annette from the top....” Annette started singing, “do, ray, me, fa, so, la, tee, do.....do, tee, la, so, fa, me, ray, do.” “Okay Annette next octave....” Miss Grimmel arrived and told them that Annette would be next. The song that Annette would be singing was Amazing Grace, how sweet the sound. This song not only said it all about who Annette was, but also showed of her voice that was taken from an angel and given to her. “Dad”, Annette said, “Yes my angel?” John answered, “Do you think I can do this?” John looked at Annette with so much love in his eyes that it easily could have smothered her and said; “What do you think?” This gave Annette some comfort that no matter the outcome dad would be there to catch her. 
“Annette, it’s time!” said Miss Grimmel. “My libje just sing to the ears of God and man will listen”. Annette walked to the centre of the stage and stood to attention on a big white cross and waited for the music to start. As the piano started playing, Annette imagined that God was standing in front of her as she opened her mouth to sing with all the love in her for this great God who had so much grace for her. This emotion erupted in her voice and filled the auditorium. The beauty of this song captivated the audience and they stopped breathing for a second or two in awe of this beautiful little girl. The sound of it brought the auditorium to tears and made many a strong man search for breath. It reminded the audience of the wind moving through a leafy tree and the sound of water running down a little stream. Her song let people experience this grace that God has for us as humans and let them see His love for each person in the auditorium and the world. As she finished they all stood up and gave her a standing ovation. 
After a long afternoon of auditions it was time for the judges to tell her and her fellow competitors if they would go on in the competition. The judges looked at one another and said, “Annette, we believe that it would be unfair to let you compete in this competition.” Annette started crying, “But” the judges said, “We believe that you are far above the standard of our competitors and that you should meet our music company, Gallo, and start you future immediately!” Annette stood there in absolute awe and said, “Thank you judges and thank you Lord”. As she walked of the stage she was greeted by a very proud father and Miss Grimmel. 
The meetings with Gallo were finished quickly that evening and a date was set for the recording of her first seven single, ten months later. That night she went to bed with a smile, thankful and dreaming of her new life and God’s grace. After breakfast the next morning, they packed up and got in their car and left for home. With joy in their hearts and praise on their tongues, they were totally unprepared for what would happen with this small beautiful little angel.
On the other side of town lived Leonard’s father. He was the dark side in Leonard’s life and could have easily been Lucifer himself, embodied in this young man. Leonard’s dad was the opposite of Annette. He had carrot red hair with streaks of dark brown and blond. His face was full of freckles with a nose as big as a pig’s. He was teased about his face a lot and yes, “Squeal” was his nickname. He was born with a slight hump on his back and due to the curvature in his spine; he walked with a slight limp. He was called the “Tokkelosh” of Kimberley and parents would tell their children that if they did not behave that they would call him to take them to hell.
This gave Squeal a sense of power, although he was shunned by most people. The day he was born his mother gave him a name that to this day still is seen as derogatory. His name was “Kaffer”, meaning “faithless” or “Godforsaken one”. When she was asked why she gave him this name, she said, “Somebody born this ugly, this deformed and with so much pain cannot be from God”. His mother saw Leonard’s dad as a curse from God because she had an affair with a married man that brought forth this demon from hell. 
Leonard’s father never knew money, good family or loving parents. He never loved by people, let alone his mother. He was convinced that God had forsaken him and that he was alone as his name was given. The darkness in his soul increased and the hate for all that was good and beautiful consumed his being. One night as he walked past the graveyard, he met an old man that sat next to a fire. The old man looked like a vagabond and was eating from a spit; the meat could easily have been a stray cat or dog. This old man introduced him to something that accepted him and took him in as he was. He did not know at the time that this acceptance would come at a terrible price. The vagabond told him about the angel that looked after people like him, those ones that God did not want. Squeal was impressed and decided right there and then that he and this angel should meet. He, right there and then, prayed to the angel, “Dear angel of the lost and lonely, I am Squeal and I want to meet you. I don’t want to be alone anymore and I am so tired of people giving me the backside of their hands. Please, please accept me as your servant and please help me. I beg this of you! Amen”. He looked at the vagabond and said “I don’t feel anything and nothing happened?” The vagabond looked at him and replied,” You will see the dark angel not long from now, you will see!”
Squeal left the vagabond and walked further down the road on his way to his room in the back of his mother’s house when he was approached by a group of silly boys.  With their testosterone levels higher than their IQ and the one’s mouth bigger than the other, they were cheering and challenging one another as to who would hit Squeal first. They made a circle around him and had no idea of what they were about to unleash on Kimberley. What happened that evening can only be described with these words; “HORRENDOUS!”
Sam, one of the gang, started punching him around, screaming: “Come on Squeal, come on Kaffer, we heard you praying to the angel for the lost and lonely. Let us see what he can do!!!!” They started beating him with sticks and stones, kicking him until he blacked out. It was in this stupor that it became dark and cold with a voice calling him, “Kaffer..., Kaffer..., Squeal...” Suddenly he was standing in a room with the smell of rotting corpses and eggs, where this being came to him and said:”Kaffer you wanted to meet me? Here I am! What can I do for you?” Kaffer looked at him and said:”All I want is to belong!  My mother hates me, the people hate me and God does not want me, because if he did I would not be here!” The angel looked at him with a gleam in his eye, grinned and said, “From this day on you are mine! I will call you Lucif derived from my name Lucifer. You’re my son now and your son will also belong to me by our blood bond, and his son’s sons, and I will be your god”. You see, this angel knew that this young man would become the instrument of destruction in his hands, that would destroy anything that was of worth and beauty.
Leonard’s dad woke up in hospital alone with a broken body, but with the glow of darkness in his soul that brought him the feeling of belonging. Squeal was transferred from the school in Warrenton, where he was in a boarding school. This was done due to him being beaten so much that he spent more time in the hostel medical rooms than at school. He was transferred to Diamantveld High School in Kimberley where he met miss perfect, Annette. 
His problem of being shunned by the people around him was still very real, but he met this beautiful girl Annette who saw in him what God created him to be, not the Godforsaken one, but the boy that had so much potential. To him this was different and in him the darkness started stirring and the hate started growing. In a dream one night the angel came to him and said; “You must not listen to this girl” Lucifer hissed, “Because she is just like the rest. You are a nothing, an ugly boy with no worth to her”. Squeal woke up with tears in his eyes and from that day on, Annette became his obsession. He wanted to prove to the angel that this was not true. 
Annette worked hard at befriending Squeal and brought him some bread to school. She did not know that the darkness was busy working in him and that he would be the one that would snuff out the light she had in her.
“Squeal, why are you always so angry?” Annette asked her new found friend. Squeal looked at her with anger in his eyes, “You really want to know, Annette?” Annette looked at him with a smile and so much tenderness Squeal almost melted, “Yes, I would not ask if I did not care about you Squeal, silly!” Squeal looked at her, “Well if people did not talk to you, beat you up and laughed at you just because you looked like you did and talked like you did, how would you feel?” Annette looked at him, “You know Squeal, God loves you just the way you are and ...” Suddenly Squeal jumped up and screamed, “STOP, STOP if God loved me or even cared then why is my name Kaffer? The faithless one or godforsaken one! Why would people hit me and laugh at me? You are just like the rest!” as he stormed off, he looked back to her and thought to himself, “Lucifer was correct; she is just like the rest!”
As Squeal walked away, Annette jumped up and made the mistake of a lifetime and grabbed Squeal and gave him the biggest hug she could master. Squeal resisted at first ,but feeling the tenderness and seeing the tears in Annette’s eyes, he lost it and just held on to this soft, cuddly person that gave him something that he never ever  thought was possible… love. Squeal, for the first time in his life saw and felt love and he wanted more. He could not let this feeling go. He lay in his bed at night dreaming about Annette holding him in her arms and ran the image around in his mind over and over again and for that few brief moments he felt like a king.
Poor Squeal did not understand love between friends, nor did he understand the love between boyfriend and girlfriend. He confused a moment of compassion with that of love. He fell head over heels for Annette and could not always understand that she did not want to be with him. Then one day Marius came into the picture. He was the captain of the first rugby team and rich, or rather, his dad had some money. Annette started spending more and more time with Marius and Squeal drew back further and further into the darkness.
As the autumn dance was only a week away, Squeal decided to ask Annette to the dance as a last effort to get back what he so longed for; that moment of love he had a glimpse of a few weeks ago. He walked up to Annette, “A...A.....Annette, I would like to know if y...y....you w...w....would go to the dance with me?” Annette looked at Squeal and thought of the weekend when Marius came to visit her and how he asked her to become his girlfriend, o how dreamy it was. They went to the bioscope and after that they went to the roadhouse where she had a cream soda float and Marius drank some herb beer float. How could she say to Squeal that Marius already asked her for the dance and that she could not go with him? She looked at Squeal, “Yes, I will, but I will meet you there, okay?” Squeal’s heart jumped and his skew body followed into the air. He laughed like a little boy. You see, Annette did not understand yet that when you lie it becomes a web that entangles you to the point that all becomes lost and your house of cards come tumbling down.
Annette told Marius about how she felt sorry for the poor sob and she said she would meet Squeal there. Marius was furious and could not understand why Annette said yes. Annette then made a mortal mistake and told Marius about Squeal’s past. Marius listened and laughed, “You mean this guy is a loser and deserves every name and beating he got? No wonder you try and help out this pathetic excuse of a human!” Annette felt bad, but she was relieved that Marius understood and agreed to one dance with Squeal. Marius told everybody at school, “Ha, ha, ha the loser! I am going to teach him a lesson he will never forget!” 
Squeal did not see the other kids laughing at him, nor did he hear their comments. He was on cloud nine and all he could think of was Annette. Marius was one of those vindictive people and he had plans for Squeal. “How dare he ask Annette to the dance? I will show him how it’s done and when I am done with Squeal, he will run squealing back to his mommy!” Marius thought to himself.
The night before the dance Squeal climbed into bed and smiled and thought, “Tomorrow it is my time! I will be the prince of the ball and Annette my princess!” With that he closed his eyes and drifted into the dark oblivion in his mind where the angel wandered. He looked for the angel in his dreams and eventually found him in the darkest reaches of his mind. “My god my saviour I was looking for you! I wanted to thank you for taking me in and giving me Annette!” The angel looked at him in disgust and said: “I gave you nothing! That girl is playing with you and you will see that tomorrow, don’t you worry! But if you really want her you can just call on me and I will be there and then, my dear Lucif, I will show you what it means when I give you something!” Squeal looked at him, “I am sure you must be wrong my god! S...s...she is not like that!” The angel growled at him, “Surely before nine ‘o clock you will know the truth and then you will not only believe in me but will trust me forever!” 
I will never forget that night and as old as I get it will forever be burned into my mind. Annette came from her room and Marius met her in the living room. Annette’s father and mother were so proud of their beautiful daughter. Annette’s dad gave his usual speech and let Marius know that if his daughter was not looked after the shotgun would talk. With a laugh and a kiss Annette and Marius left for the autumn dance. Marius looked at Annette, “My princess I have a surprise for you tonight and after tonight Squeal will never ever bother you again!” Annette smiled sheepishly and prayed that Marius would not do something stupid.
If Marius only knew how prophetic these words would be and that after that night nothing would be the same for anybody. As they arrived at the dance, Squeal came walking by and Marius wanted to smack him, there and then, but stopped because Annette grabbed his hand and gave him the evil eye. That eye he only got when he did something wrong and he knew that if he wanted a kiss that night he will have to behave himself. Marius had other plans and he was ready for a night of fireworks. He was not willing to share his girl with anybody, even if he was a charity case. Squeal did not see them in the car as he walked past the white Mercedes Benz and went inside. Annette and Marius climbed out of the car and slowly walked towards the dance. Marius turned to Annette, “You remember our deal, one dance and one dance only, and then you are mine?” Annette looked at him with stars in her eyes and softly answered, “Yes my prince!”
As Annette walked into the dance, Squeal put his arm around her and smiled, “I was waiting for you Annette.” Annette looked at Squeal and she nearly started laughing as she looked at him. First in amusement which turned into disgust as she looked at the hunchback and saw him for the first time, not through the eyes of God, but through the magnifying glass of the teenager of their time. Squeal was dressed in a makeshift purple jacket and black trousers, which he stole from his mom’s boyfriend, with a pumpkin orange shirt and a yellow tie. The black shoes, yes the same ones he wore to school, full of dust, was worn out and full of holes. His hair was gelled and combed like the greasers and he looked like a Christmas tree gone wrong. “How do I look?” asked Squeal. Annette looked at him, “Nice!” she whispered with a smile on her face. The smile was not that of a friend, but from the cruel emotions that were building inside her, that she needed to keep bottled in her soul.
Annette was a vision in her pink and white fairytale dress made out of chiffon and lace with a slight kiss of raspberry red roses embroidered on the hem and sleeves of her dress. The roses in her hair made her look like an angel out of heaven that has traded in her wings for one night of mortality. Annette looked at Squeal, “How do I look?” Squeal looked at her and smiled, “Y...y...you look beautiful Annette, l...l...like a princess! You take my breath away.” Annette in her vanity thought to herself, “You don’t deserve me or anybody else.” This is where Annette lost the light that shone so brightly in her for a brief few hours and traded it for a night of madness and pain. You see when you let the light go inside of you; the darkness can enter without any hindrance. 
“Can I bring you some punch Annette?” Squeal asked. “Yes, thank you.” Annette answered. While Squeal walked to the table to get the punch Marius walked up to Annette, “I cannot stand this anymore, it is time. If you don’t dance with him now I will do it for you!” Annette looked at him, smiled and winked at him, “Go for it! I am in boots and all.” Marius smiled and gave her a quick kiss and ran off. Squeal turned around and walked back to Annette and gave her the glass of punch. “W...w...what did M...M...Marius want?” Annette smiled, “Not much Squeal!” Just then the band walked on stage and started playing “Come on let’s twist again, like we did last summer, oooooo....”  
Marius walked on stage and stopped the music, “Friends! We have in secret voted for the couple of the night and before we dance we would like them to open the dance floor for us. The couple is, drum roll please…Squeal and Annette!” Everybody cheered and Squeal looked in amazement at Annette. “Well Squeal, let’s not keep them waiting. Come on!” Squeal did not know how to dance, “Annette, please I don’t know how to!” Annette grabbed him, “Just do what you feel is natural!” with that Squeal started shaking his body and dancing like he felt. He did not even hear the laughter. It would not have looked so bad if the way he danced did not remind you of a cockroach that was poisoned or a person with severe shakes in rehab.
As the music stopped he became aware of the laughing and joking. At first he laughed with everybody until he heard the squealing and screaming. Yes, everybody was laughing, even Annette. Marius screamed, “You stupid, do you really think Annette loves you or even likes you? You stupid inbreed! You have a hunch on your back, walk with a limp and look like a scarecrow. I bet you my dad will pay a good few cents to have you in his cotton field chasing away the birds! Hahahaha, Kaffer you don’t belong here, now scoot!” Squeal looked around, the blood draining from his face. As he started crying the clock struck nine. He looked at Annette, “Is this true?” Annette looked at him, “Squeal, you walked into this hahahaha!” 
Through the tears the darkness came up like a mighty tornado and broke loose inside of him, “I am not Kaffer or Squeal, but you can call me Lucif, the son of Lucifer! I acknowledge my god tonight and you will feel his wrath!” At that moment he ran off and if it did not sound so stupid, people would have listened to him but everybody laughed until they could not laugh any further. “How stupid, can one boy be? Ooooooooo and how scary, we will feel his god’s anger! Now let’s party and forget this stupid excuse of a human being!” Marius laughed grabbing Annette and started dancing the night away.
Lucif ran into the night, “Lucifer, my father and god you warned me, but I knew better! Please, please help me!” Suddenly Lucifer the angel stood before him,” Why you look so confused my son, Lucif? Do you think that I am just in your dreams? If I was bound to your dreams only, I would not be here or real and I would not be your god. I told you last night that this would happen, did I not? Now, do you still want that girl?” Lucif looked at him with the anger and pain of eighteen years in his soul, remembering every joke, every fight, every belittling event that he went through and with the fire of hell burning in every sell of his body he screamed, “YES, I want her! I will show her who I am and what people like her has done to me all my life!” Lucifer smiled, “You are truly my son and so it will be! Annette will be yours before the night has ended! Go and wait on the rugby field. She will be coming to look for you very soon. Christians, like her, first hurt people and then feel guilty afterwards. Oh and then, they come and want to say sorry. You must give her what she wants, forgiveness, the way we do it in hell my son!” Lucif smiled, ”My father you will not be disappointed. What you have infused in me will do you proud!” Lucif did not think past his human anger or pain nor did he think of what would happen to him because of his actions. The fire in him was driven by hell itself and eighteen years of anger, pain and hurt was about to be unleashed in a swift few hours.
Annette sat down after the last dance and drank her last glass of punch, “Marius? Do you think that Squeal is okay?” Marius laughed’ “He will be okay Annette, if he is not use to it by now, he will be after tonight!” Annette looked at Marius, “You know Marius; I got so absorbed by you and my feelings that I forgot who I am. I hurt someone that was dear to me, even though he is not to the standard of other people, he is still my friend. I have to go and look for him.” As she walked out Marius looked back at her, “If you go out that door you have chosen Squeal and we are done. That hunchback will be the end of you Annette and I will not be part of it.” Annette walked with tears in her eyes, “You are cruel and will hurt people for fun. I hate people like you. I fell for the romance and status of it. I am going! See you when I see you!” Marius smiled, “You participated freely remember! If you leave babe you will not have one friend left! You are oh so angry! Whooooooo, come on!  You’re leaving me without a final kiss? I am out of here, we are done!” 
Annette walked off with tears in her eyes and asking people if they knew where Squeal was. One of the cleaners came out of nowhere, “Miss, miss you looking for something?” “Yes, I am looking for Squeal, my friend, have you seen him?” “Yes, I think so. If he walks funny and has a hunchback he’s on the rugby field, but I will not go there, it’s dark young lady and he looks mighty angry!” “Thank you kind sir, but he is harmless, he is my friend.” The cleaner smiled and nodded as Annette walked away to the rugby field. “That’s right, go to my son; he is going to enjoy you. He will stop your future tonight and ultimately claim your soul for me! You will find that hell starts now, not when you are dead.” He laughed and disappeared into the night.
Annette got to the rugby field and saw Squeal standing on his knees, “Squeal? Are you okay?” Lucif looked up at her with fire in his eyes and answered in a deep voice, “That I am my pretty, I was waiting for you and I don’t like waiting anymore. Oh, as a quick reference, my name is Lucif, the son of Lucifer! Squeal and Kaffer does not exist anymore!” At that moment Annette knew that she was in trouble and that her actions killed the last little bit of good that Squeal had in him and that the person, no, animal before her was not her friend anymore. She turned around to run, but Lucif had her in a vice grip before she could run one step. “Please, please Lucif don’t hurt me!” she begged, but this only inspired Lucif. He laughed and growled at her, “Now it is my turn!” What happened next was so horrific that for years after that day people still spoke about it in horror.
All the anger, hate and hurt of eighteen years boiled up in him and it pumped through his veins with so much force that it nearly tore his arteries apart. He pulled back his fist and hit her on her perfect lips as if he wanted to stop the lies that came out of her mouth. The fist split her lips and forced her bottom teeth through her lip. The next fist was aimed at her chest. He hit her so hard that it felt as if her heart would rupture. Squeal wanted her to feel how it felt when someone rips out your heart as she had ripped out his! Thankfully Annette blacked out after that and Lucif had no resistance from her anymore. 
This inspired him and his fists rained down in a flood of anger. He wanted her to feel his pain and here she was on the ground, not even crying! He hit her in her face, with each punch he opened up a cut that was oozing blood. He marvelled at his work and kept on hitting, sculpting her face to resemble the bride of Frankenstein…his bride. Her perfect face was swollen and ripped apart and as if that was not enough, he broke a bottle to cut every inch of her body he could find.  The cuts on her beautiful formed body were deep and were done purposely to sculpt it the way he saw her. He was sure that no one would want her after that and that he would at last have her for himself.  Then, as a last act of hate, he hit her in the throat so hard that her vocal cords ripped apart beyond repair. “If you do not want to talk to me, you will talk to no one!” Squeal hissed. 
As he stood over her the anger in him was still pumping wild, “Go on Lucif, finish it, I gave her to you! Take the last thing she has that makes her special!” Lucif looked at her and smiled, “O Yes!” Her torn clothes exposed her breasts and this turned on a different fire in him that fused with his anger and this steered him totally out of control. He ripped off everything and saw Annette as she came into this world. He reached down and loosened his belt, “NOW YOU ARE MINE FOREVER AND EVER!”As he bent down he threw her legs to the side and he raped her like an animal, over and over again, taking away her innocence. He raped her until he had no more anger, hurt or pain within him.
At that moment his mind returned and he saw what he did. He screamed and cried and then his angel, Lucifer, appeared, “Why are you crying my son? I gave you what you wanted! You pleased me and let me tell you this, I would not have been able to do it better myself.” Squeal cried, “Yes! You gave her to me but I did not want it like this, I did not want it like this...” He looked at Lucifer, “You tricked me!” Lucifer laughed, “You feel like a Judas now? You got what you wanted and now I am bad? Don’t worry my son, she will be okay, I have big plans for her! I don’t know about you, but now she is mine or should I say, what is inside her is mine!” 
Squeal turned around and ran as fast as he could to get away. As he ran, Annette’s dad came running onto the field with Marius not far behind. “Annette, Annette you okay? My God! My God! What did he do to you? Call an ambulance now! GO, GO!” Marius ran to the nearest hostel and called an ambulance.
The ambulance came quickly and Annette was taken to the hospital. As she entered the emergency room the doctors and nurses gasped.  This once beautiful girl they all knew and loved, so brutally broken and mutilated, was on their table, not breathing and without life. The doctors started with CPR and ordered some blood to try and save her, but after thirty minutes the doctor looked up, “It is done, let’s call time of death three o’ clock, she has passed on. Maybe it is for the best because she would never have been the same again.” 
In this state, Annette entered what seemed like a light tunnel and as she moved down she could see her aunts, uncles and people she knew and adored. “So this is what heaven must be!” she was so happy and could not wait to see her God. As she got close to the end of the tunnel it became dark and this dark angel appeared before her, “Where do you think you are going, miss perfect, or should I say, not so perfect? You first have something you must deliver for me then you can do as you please!” Lucifer hissed at her. “Who are you and what do you want?” Annette asked scared and confused. “You see Annette, I have a deal with, shall we say Squeal, and I intend keeping to my side of the bargain.” She felt herself ripped back into the emergency room as she took a deep breath.
As the doctor walked out, Annette breathed and the doctor looked back. He just declared Annette dead, but what is this? Annette breathed again, “People come back! She is still alive, she is breathing, come back, HURRY!” as everybody ran back to help, Annette breathed again. The doctor worked on Annette for six whole hours, piecing her back little by little. He took extra care to do the stitching as fine as possible to ensure no major scarring happened. He put her broken arm and legs in plaster of Paris and supported her ribs that were broken and built her up piece by piece and washed away the semen in and on her. 
They worked so hard, but the dark angel was also present and he made sure that they did not get all of the seed from within her, after all that effort from Squeal to lose such an opportunity? As the doctor walked out to Annette’s dad and mom he battled to find his voice, “Your child is alive for now, but I am not sure if she will survive the day. I need to also say that Annette may choose not to be alive when she wakes up, her body is scarred and whatever evil this boy could do to her, he did it. Her voice will be gone and if it comes back, it will be hideous. Her body is so scarred, I think she might be severely psychologically damaged and needs to be handled with extreme care and sensitivity. I would suggest you put her in our psychiatric ward until she can deal with this trauma.” 
“Thank you doctor, can we see her now?” Annette’s dad asked. “Not now sir, give her two days and we take it from there. I know you are concerned, but the best place for you now is on your knees in prayer!”


~~~~


Chapter 2 - Oh! What Horror!

How could I forget that night and the prayers that went up to heaven? As Annette’s father and mother came home, Annette’s mom, Marie, walked past her dad and picked up the phone and called her pastor to help with praying for their daughter. He called a few friends and within hours everybody in their church and their families were praying for Annette.
As Marie walked into their room, Annette’s dad was on his knees, “My Father, my Father why did you forsake us? How could you let this happen to my little girl! HOW COULD YOU!!! HOW COULD YOU!!!!” as he fell sobbing in the pool of tears on the floor, his body was shaking violently and he curled into a small little ball while the sorrow washed over him.
Marie looked at John and kneeled next to him, “Honey, I know this is hard, but...” as the tears rolled over her cheeks, “but we need to pray for Annette and we must be strong for her!” John looked at her, “I hope Squeal burns in hell! I will never ever forgive him for what he has done to my... our baby daughter! If you can find it in you to forgive and accept this abomination, don’t expect me to! And as a matter of fact, if this God we say we serve does exist, how could he let this happen! I give my love gifts every month, Annette helps out with the needy, where she happened to become involved with this demon! We go to church every Sunday, we have not missed one service, because we love our God and we believe that all things work together for those who love him. How could this God, who is supposed to be made out of LOVE, how could he let this happen? HOW? HOW I ASK YOU?”  Marie looked at her husband, “I don’t know John, but I know that this was not from God! This was inspired by hell and it was a decision made by a human! Not God!” 
Marie, with tears in her eyes and a broken heart, left the room and walked into her study, “My Father who art in heaven, I don’t understand all off this, but I am begging you to please look after Annette. I am asking you, my Abba Father, to heal her, not only in her body, but in her spirit and soul.”
Night became day and then turned into night again. Every time the phone rang it was a race to pick it up and every time it was somebody else phoning to talk, cry and pray for them. It was around seven ’o clock when the phone rang and John picked up, “Listen we don’t need your sympathy we need you to just leave us alone!” As he threw the phone down Marie grabbed it of the table, “Hello, who is speaking now?” a voice on the other side answered, “This is Doctor Botha. Annette was put under my care and I am just calling to give you some feedback on Annette’s condition, ma’am.” Marie waved at John, “Sorry for my husband’s rude shouting doctor, but we have been waiting for your call all day and every time the phone rang it was someone else. Our nerves are frayed, but please continue.” Doctor Botha, with a bit of a crack in his voice, continued, “It is okay Marie, I understand. After a long day we have stabilized Annette. We have put her under sedation for 3 days more to give her the opportunity to heal a little more. She is resting well and I will phone you as soon as we wake her up so you can be there.” Marie, now with tears running down her face, looked at John, “Thank you doctor, we will be waiting for that call.” John looked at his wife, “I cannot sit around like this. I am going to the police to find out what they are doing about this!”
It was at that moment that Inspector Venter stopped in front of their house in Beaconsfield. He walked up to the house and rang the doorbell. The door opened, “Good evening ma’am. I am Inspector Venter and I would like to talk to you and your husband. May I please come in?” “Yes, please come in Inspector. John! Inspector Venter is here!” she called. As the inspector sat down, John came walking into the room, “Inspector what can you tell me?” The inspector flipped opens his little black book, “Well John, is it okay if I call you John?” John confirmed with a nod. “We know that a person called Kaffer alias Squeal is responsible for this. We also know he went back to his room at his mother’s house after the dance and packed his clothes in a bag. His mother has not seen him since. In her words, he was visibly shaken and covered in blood and he kept on mumbling, “Stupid, stupid me, how could I!” She thinks he might have gone to a shack close to his old hostel in Warrenton, where he used to hide when the boys of the hostel bullied him. We have sent our patrol cars out to the place and we hope to find him before he does another stupid thing. Problem is, we don’t know where this shack is exactly so we need to look for it. Is there anything more you can tell me about this teenager and his relationship with your daughter?”
John looked at the Inspector. “You want to know about that inbreed? Let me tell you, I was the one that told my daughter that she should not judge him by what people said or how he looked. I was the one that treated him like a son because his mom and her boyfriend did not care for him or love him! I was the one that did this to my daughter, I am! DO YOU HEAR ME! I AM!” Inspector Venter looked at John, “John, this is just not true, it was Squeal, not you. The only thing you are guilty of was to give this youngster love and acceptance. You gave him a chance and unfortunately, like many kids in his situation, they bit the hand that feed them. I promise you, I will catch him!” With tears in his eyes John looked into the distance and with a cold voice asked, “Inspector, when you catch him, please can you call me? I need to speak to him? I just want to know why.” Inspector Venter nodded yes and excused himself.
Squeal sat in his shack cursing the dark angel that was in his life. He was crying for the sweet little angel he had beaten so hard, nearly killing her, that is, if he did not kill her in any case. He was so confused and did not know what to do. His mind was racing at a million miles an hour. “You tricked me, you told me so many beautiful things, you made me belong and you gave me something to hold on to, but now I know that it was all smoke and mirrors. The price I now have to pay is more than I can bear!” The angel appeared next to him, “Well Lucif, I gave you all you wanted! I know it was not how you wanted it, but I kept to my side of our bargain! You my son, needs to understand that you are mine and not even death will keep you from me! The nice thing about selling your soul and that of your son and his son’s son to me, is that you are all mine!” The angel looked at Lucif in anger, “It is not long from now that you will be arrested for what you have done! No way out my son! They will catch you and drag you through the streets of Kimberley for the animal you are, except if you cheat them again and end it all. At least you know me Lucif and they have nothing good in mind for you! As I predicted last night, it happened and you saw that I was right, so you will see it again! All I can say is, I am glad that I am not you!”
Squeal took out a paper, “You know Lucifer, I may have sold my soul to you but there will be no son or his son! You will lose!” Lucifer looked at him and grinned, “We will see, you insolent little worm!” 
Squeal sat down and started writing a letter to Annette. The hurt in his soul burst out of his heart and the regret ran deep through his veins. As he finished, Squeal looked up at heaven, “God of Annette, I am sorry for what I have done and I pray that my letter will get to her and her family. Please God, if you exist let Annette forgive me and please make her better, don’t let this dark angel, Lucifer, break her! I beg you!” Squeal walked out to the thorn tree outside his fort of pain and took a rope and tied it to the tree. He put the noose he tied so many times when he was in pain around his neck. He climbed up in the tree and looked over the landscape he loved so much. He remembered the times he hid here and was safe. How he could sit here and just listen to the night sounds. With tears in his eyes he jumped with the hope that Annette’s God heard his prayer.
As Squeal fell down he could feel the rope tighten around his neck. The rope burned his skin and ripped into his throat. He felt how the rope broke his neck and how the pain illuminated every nerve in his body. He could feel the veins in his head expand due to the pressure on his neck. His heart pumped wildly and nearly ripped his chest apart. He looked at the sunrise and suddenly did not want to die anymore, no matter the consequence of his actions. But he could not move his limbs. He felt his body getting heavier and heavier with the life being strangled out of him as he gasped for air. This was not possible because the rope was so tight around his neck that not even the air in his lungs that tried to force their way out could escape. He could feel his heart beating slower and with one last thunderous beat, his heart stopped forever. As the light in his eyes faded and the last life drained out of his body, he felt how his spirit and body divided and then his eyes closed.
If Squeal thought it was over, he was sadly mistaken. He opened his eyes and looked into the red burning eyes of Lucifer himself, the angel that gave him a place to belong, who spoke to him in his dreams and made him feel good about himself. “Welcome home my boy! I have prepared a place just for you!” Lucifer grinned and opened Lucif’s eyes and he was in hell. The flames licked at his soul and flesh and all the pain, hurt and loneliness that he experienced in his life was nothing compared to the pain and utter forsakenness he felt in this house of horror. 
“Lucifer you leave Annette alone!” he screamed as the demons carried him off. Lucifer looked at him and growled, “You are mine now and you made your choice. Now she will become mine as well and the son, yes your son, growing in her will be mine even though you made that silly prayer before you jumped. I will take her and him for myself! I promised her to you though and I will give her to you because I am an angel of my word!”
It was at about ten in the morning on the third day after the horrible beating and rape of Annette, that the police found Squeal hanging from the thorn tree. The crows already started pecking away at his rotting corps and some of the soft fleshy parts were missing. They cut him down and took his body to the morgue. As they went through Squeals little shack they found the letter he wrote to Annette and her family.
The phone rang, “Is this John?” the voice asked. “Yes, this is John.” “Sir, my name is Constable Pieters. I was asked by Inspector Venter to call you. We have found the suspect. We have taken him to the city morgue. Inspector Venter asked if you could come and see him here.” With tears in their eyes John and Marie climbed into their car and drove to the morgue as fast as they could.  As they walked in they saw Inspector Venter, “As you know we have found him, but he hanged himself. We found this note in the shack next to the tree we found him in. This note was addressed to Annette and you. We have already made a transcript of it so you can have it.” John looked at him, “Can I see him?” “Unfortunately not John as you are not family. His body has been released for burial to his mother. It is over! I would suggest you read the letter and go on with your lives.” John turned around and took Marie’s hand, “He was a horror in life that could not face his deeds. He has taken away from me, my justice, no my revenge, but may he burn in hell!”
On their way home they stopped at the hospital to look in on Annette. As they walked to the intensive care unit, Doctor Botha stopped them. “Good afternoon, I just want to prepare you for what you are going to see. Please do not upset her or cry in front of her. The trauma of the night has kicked in and she cannot handle any emotion now. Be aware that she is bandaged from head to toe, restrained and is still under mild sedation. Please, while you are with her, decide if I can transfer her to our psychiatric ward for support and trauma treatment.” John and Marie walked into the room and gasped. 
Annette was still bleeding in some places and with all the tubes running into her she looked like a puppet on a string. Her arms and legs were tied down because of the violent dreams she had and in the process of these dreams she would pull out the tubes. Annette was awake, but weak, not able to talk, but her eyes told the story of the pain and hurt she was going through. “Mommy and daddy loves you baby! We will see you again tomorrow. The doctor said we could stay longer tomorrow if you are feeling better.” Marie and John walked out with tears in their eyes and walked into Doctor Botha, “Doctor, do what you think is necessary for my little girl.” “I will do so John and we will do our best so that she does not know it is the psychiatric ward for now. We will try and help her to the best of our ability!”
Annette’s parents got in their car, looked at one another and cried. John took his wife in his arms, “We will be okay my love and so will our daughter! I know I am still angry at God, but I know that He will still provide!” “I know that John, but it breaks my heart that there are two people’s lives that are broken here, one in hospital and one claimed by Lucifer himself!”
The rest of the way home they drove in silence. As they stopped in their driveway they were greeted by their church family, who hugged them and just loved them. As they entered the house all their friends walked in and started making coffee and food. As they finished the dinner they all looked at one another and formed a ring around John and Marie. “Heavenly Father! We are here today to support our brother and sister in this moment of pain. We pray that You will help them make sense out of this and that Your Word will be fulfilled, that all things work together for those that love Him. We pray for Annette that she will heal and that her voice will repair to its former glory to glorify the God she so loved. In Jesus name, AMEN.”
After saying their goodbyes, John and Marie sat down to reflect on the day, “John can we read that letter? Maybe this will let us understand what happened.” John looked at her, “My sweetness I don’t know if it will help, but maybe there is an answer in there somewhere.” They opened the letter…
“Dear Annette,
If you get this letter it means that the God you told me about lives. I still can’t believe that I did what I did to you, the one person in life who loved me just as I am. You see Annette, I was fooled by a dark angel and he promised me that I could have you if I served him. What I did not know was at what price I, and ultimately you, would have to pay for this acceptance!
He used all the hurt, pain and loneliness in me to hook me. He boiled this inside of me to the point I could not control it anymore. When I did these horrible things to you I only felt this hurt, pain and loneliness burning in me and eighteen years of abuse and pain I poured out on you. I am so sorry that I did this to you and if I could, I would take all of this back, but I cannot.
I pray that you will find it in you to forgive me for what I have done. I know I am going to hell, but I pray that you will not follow me there. This angel I met is a bad angel and a deceiver.
Please, please forgive me!
Dear Uncle John,
All I can say to you and Aunt Marie is thank you for your love and acceptance. I bet you guys hate me for all I have done, but I beg of you to forgive me. I hope that Annette will heal. I know that I have roughed her up very badly and that she will be scarred for life, but please find it in your hearts to forgive me. You were like my own mom and dad for the short time I knew you, but this dark angel blinded me so that I could not see the truth. I beg of you to please forgive me and ask that you pray for me. Maybe this will help your God understand.
Then my son,
I bet you are looking at one another right now, asking what the hell? This dark angel called Lucifer told me that he will be born. Please forgive your dad for what he did to mommy. Always treat her well because she is an angel and love her and try to correct the bad things I have done wrong. Uncle John and Aunt Marie, please look after him and please do not hold against him what I did wrong.
Praying for forgiveness.
With all my love.
Squeal
John and Marie looked at one another with shock and horror, “Call the doctor! I want to know now!” screamed Annette’s father as Marie grabbed the receiver to dial Doctor Botha. “Doctor is my daughter pregnant?” asked John. “John there is no way we will know before six weeks has gone by. We cleaned and disinfected her very well and there was nothing left. The chances are very slim that she will become pregnant.” 
John sighed a sigh of relieve, “Thank you Doc, we are going to bed now, see you tomorrow.” John put down the phone and hugged his wife, “Doc says she will be okay and the chance of her being pregnant is slim to none.” With that rapport back they closed their eyes and drifted off to sleep.
They woke up the next morning with some relief in their hearts. It was Sunday morning and time to go to church. “I hope that our pastor has told everybody to back off today. I don’t want a whole church to cry and smother us!” whispered John to himself. Marie was excited to go to church, as this was the only place in the world where she could just be in the presence of God without anybody interrupting her for coffee or something they needed.
I still remember the service that day. John and Marie were stunned when the Pastor started his sermon. “Dear Brothers and Sisters, today we will explore the words love and forgiveness. In the Lord’s Prayer we find that God commands us to forgive others as we want to be forgiven. As we read from the Word of God in John 15: There is no greater love than this that one man gives his life for another!” John lost it at that moment and drifted away in the hatred he had for Squeal. He thought of every conceivable thing he wanted to say and do to this washout. 
He searched his heart and could not find any love or forgiveness for Squeal or for himself, who allowed such a demon close to his family. Marie on the other hand sat back and started talking to God, “Father, you know my heart and that of John and I know this happened without your approval, but I pray that you will forgive Squeal firstly and that you will soften John’s heart so that he will find your way again. About Annette, all I can ask is enclose her in your love and Lord if it is your will, let her set Squeal free from this terrible deed. Amen.”
As they left from church they were smiling, but their hearts were filled with dread for what the future would hold.
The next day Squeal’s mother arranged a funeral for her son. She asked for government assistance and left Squeal in the mortuary. A van came to fetch his body and they loaded it in a cheap pressed wood coffin. His body, not even cleaned, was thrown in a hole with no marking. His body was treated as that of a filthy vagabond with no name or family and he was rejected even in death by his mother, the one person in life who should have cried over him. The words his mother spoke that day still stings my mind, “Good riddance, now I am free and he can burn in hell with his father!”
Annette grew stronger and stronger as the days passed and her wounds healed as good as can be expected. It was ten days after the doctor stitched her up, as if she was made out of silk, when the stitches were removed and the wounds cleaned. The scaring was hideous; it looked like somebody took away her perfect face and replaced it with an old carving board. The scars made thick red lines over her face and body. She at least could hide her body under her clothes, but her face... It would take another 14 days before the doctor allowed her to talk again. The damage was vast and her voice sounded like sanding paper and had a real deep husky sound. The anger in Annette grew and the hate for Squeal became so deep, that she would hit some of her co-patients that just sounded or looked a little like him. The doctor worked hard with her and eventually she grew to understand the fact that she is no longer beautiful or can sing the way she used to. She had issues with God and did not want to pray to God because He broke his promise and left her. Yes, He has forsaken her in her hour of need.
Her mom came to visit Annette every day and loved the time with her daughter. “You know Annette, I don’t want to put you on the spot, but you need to know that at some time in your life you need to forgive Squeal. He did something terrible to you, but for you to heal properly you need to forgive him.” Annette looked at her mother with disgust, “If this was done to you, would you forgive him? Mom I love you, but I did not ask for this, nor did I do anything to deserve this. Squeal did this all on his own and now my future and life is over!” Marie put her arms around Annette, “We will be okay Annette, we will be okay...” before her mom could finish, she pulled away, “How will I be okay mom, HOW! I am done, broken and no man will ever look at me again. I will not even sing again because my voice is gone mom! Tell me about how I am going to be okay! Mom tell me again how God will protect me? 
While I was out of it, I thought I was on my way to heaven. Suddenly this dark angel was in front of me and told me I first had to deliver something for him before I can go anywhere! Tell me mom, where was God when that happened? Does He even exist or is He just something people have dreamt up to feel better about their lives? Mom I don’t know anymore, I just don’t know!” Marie left her daughter with a heart filled with doubt and for the first time in her life she doubted God herself.
“Dear God if you really exist and can hear me, help me to help my daughter! I beg you my God to heal her and to help her to forgive. Please! I beg you my God! Help me to get rid of this doubt in me and please manifest Yourself to show us the way.”
At that moment Marie felt a peace wash over her as if God himself put his arms around her and said, “Be still my child I am with you always!” Marie started to cry and at that moment saw a rainbow that appeared out of nowhere. The rainbow that God put in the sky as a sign to mankind that He will never destroy the world by water again, but for her it meant that He was with her and that He will carry her and her family through to the end.
It was in the sixth week that Annette started getting sick and it felt like someone was turning her guts upside down. She would stand hung over the toilet bowl for hours with nothing coming out. She had the smell of rotting egg in her nose that never left her.
Doctor Botha came around for his usual rounds and talk with her, “Doctor Botha, I am feeling so sick. I can’t stand to eat anything and the smell of the food...” with that she ran to the toilet again. “I think I may have caught a bug ...” as she flung herself over the toilet again.  Doctor Botha drew some blood and sent it away for tests. He was praying that it was not what he thought it was. 
Doctor Botha phoned Annette’s father and mother, “Please can you come into my office, I need to speak to you and Annette urgently!” John turned white in his face, “Is she okay Doc?” “Yes she is but we still need to talk!” John and Marie got in their car and left for the doctor’s office. They arrived that Wednesday afternoon around four ’o clock. They walked into Doctor Botha’s office, “Okay doc here we are!” Annette was already there and sat with wide eyes, scared to death. Doctor Botha looked at them, “Well there is no easy way to say this so here we go! Annette was feeling sick the last few days and we did some tests. The results came back...” 
After what felt like an eternity Doctor Botha looked at them, “Annette is pregnant!” 


~~~~


Chapter 3 - Beginning of the Curse

The silence that descended on that room in that moment could have filled the universe. It was as if all the sound was swallowed by a big black hole that absorbed anything and everything in its path. Annette eventually could open her mouth to scream, “Take it out, take it out!” as she scratched her tummy with her nails. The violence of the scratching ripped open her skin and blood poured out as if she ripped open an artery. Annette saw the blood and all the memories rushed back in her mind of that terrible night, not six weeks back and as if her body remembered what to do, she blacked out.
Doctor Botha called the emergency team to come and help him. They picked Annette up and placed her on the emergency trolley, “Take her to her room and clean her up. Put her under sedation until tomorrow. We can then handle her and calm her down.” John and Marie looked at one another in horror. “Doc, I thought that you said there is no chance? You cleaned her up and disinfected her? What happened? How could she be pregnant?” John and Marie were visibly shaken. “That thing has now taken the last little bit off dignity my baby girl had!” screamed John. Doctor Botha looked at John, “John, there are options. The law of the country dictates that in a case like this we can abort the foetus up to 22 weeks gestation. All you have to say is yes.” John looked at Marie. “I say yes doctor; get that demon seed out of my little girl!” Marie started crying, “John it may be a demons seed, but whatever is in her, boy or girl, is still blood of our blood. It is already a human being, the little heart is beating, and the face and arms have started forming. How could we kill it? This will make us the same as Squeal. Our Bible says that we cannot kill another human! That is murder!”
John looked at his wife with disgust as he hissed, “How can you call that thing blood of our blood? How can you even fathom calling it a human?” Doctor Botha interrupted his tirade, “Look, it is clear to me you need to discuss this. I will give you one week to decide and then I need to know. After eight weeks I have a moral dilemma with abortion even though it is legal.”
That night at home there was no holding one another. Talking was an effort and the food in the fridge was safe for one night more with Marie on her knees and John chopping wood in the backyard as he tried to get to grips with this tragedy. “God, I don’t understand this. When I prayed to you six weeks back you gave me such peace, but now...” Marie sobbed. “Our little girl is expecting a little boy or girl, what now? John will kill it after birth even if we do not abort now. God how...what is your will on this? My God, if it is to be, you need to soften John’s heart and that of Annette. Please God give me wisdom?” Marie walked outside and looked at John sweating away, “John, do you want to talk about this?”
John looked up with his sweating face which hid the tears and pain, “I have decided to leave this decision to Annette. She will have to carry this demon to term. I will support her decision, whatever it is. Is that okay with you Marie?” Marie looked at him and nodded, “That is okay with me.” She walked off to her study and decided to make some coffee. John came in from chopping the wood and packed the fireplace. He lit the wood and they sat down and stared into the fire until the early morning hours.
At around nine ’o clock the phone rang and John picked up, “John, this is Doctor Botha here. I have put Annette under some sleep therapy until next week Wednesday. We can re-evaluate the predicament at that time. This will give us time to digest the pregnancy and we can then think more clearly. Until then my orders are that nobody visits Annette. Is that okay with you?” “That is fine Doc; you just may be right on this one. See you Wednesday.” John put down the phone and told Marie what Doctor Botha said.
That Sunday in church was hell for John and Marie. Everybody asked how it was going and hugged them. Eventually John just could not handle this anymore, “Can you people not understand...” he screamed as he jumped up in the middle of the Pastor Pieter’s sermon, “If you want to pray, do so! But if one more of you hypocrites come to me to give me a hug I swear I will knock your head off! And to answer you all, Annette has become pregnant of that demon, so the God we serve, I doubt if He lives! Why do I say so? Because if He lived, He would not have allowed this!” Marie grabbed his arm and directed him out of church, “You know John, the people inside that building did not harm you, and they just loved us and wanted to help. You need to apologise!”
John looked at her with eyes filled with hate, “Not on your life!” He jumped into the car and drove home, leaving Marie standing in front of the church. As the car sped off, some of Marie’s friend came out and held her, “Come on in Marie, let John go and cool off.” Marie went back into the church and after church Pastor Pieter took Marie home.
“John?” Pastor Pieter called as he was knocking on the door. The door swung open and he and Marie walked in. They found John with an old friend he swore he would never meet again, Jack Daniels Whiskey. John was half passed out on the table looking like death itself. Pastor Pieter helped to put him in bed and promised he would come later when John was awake and sober. John slept for almost a day and a half before he came out of his stupor.
He tried to apologize. “Marie, I am so sorry! I snapped at the wrong people, at you and our church. I feel like an imbecile!” Marie looked at him, “Firstly John, she is not just your baby but mine too! Secondly, you promised never to drink again! Thirdly, you have not only embarrassed me, you also left me next to the road. I can understand that you are broken, but what about me? I don’t know all the answers and am supposed to look up to you! What do I do now? My pillar of strength is gone! I feel like I have not only lost Annette in this process but my husband as well! Where do I go now? You tell me John, you tell me!”
The doorbell rang and it was as if the bell rang to stop the two boxers fighting in the ring, “Marie, John, it is Pastor Pieter!” “I am coming Pastor!” Marie answered, “Now John, you behave or so help me, you will sleep with the dogs tonight!” Marie opened the door for Pastor Pieter, “Welcome Pastor!” “Thank you Marie. Is John here? I would like to speak to him?” “Yes I will call him. John! Pastor Pieter is here!” John walked into the room and greeted Pastor Pieter, “Hello Pastor, before we talk I need to say that I am sorry.... No don’t interrupt, I screamed at you, my wife and in fact my God, but I am sorry. The hurt in me is so big and the hate and frustration even bigger.” Pastor Pieter looked at this broken man and leaned forward and gave him a hug, “My brother, don’t worry, all is forgiven and everybody at church sends their regards. I am here to give you a word from God. God spoke to me in a dream and said that you need to forgive Squeal.... Now don’t you interrupt me, God said that even though the baby will be born out of violence, hate, hurt and anger, his life will be a blessing to this earth. God says that you need to show him the way and that He, your Heavenly Father, will provide.” 
John looked at Pieter, “Pieter you don’t understand, we need to tell the doctor tomorrow to abort or to keep. The hate in me is consuming me and you want me to do this? May God help me! I will take note but we have decided to let Annette decide for herself.” After coffee Pastor Pieter prayed with them for guidance and went home.
Doctor Botha woke Annette. “Annette, you okay?” Annette looked at him, still dazed from the sleep, “Yes, yes doctor. I had this funny dream that you said I was pregnant!” He looked at her, “Yes you are Annette and tomorrow you need to decide if you want to go on with the pregnancy or terminate.” Annette looked at him with tears in her eyes, “Doctor I need it out of me now!” Doctor Botha looked at her, “Annette your mom and dad will be here tomorrow to help and sign the documents as you are still under aged and you need consent from your parents. Take tonight, and tomorrow we will finalize it all. To help you tonight, I will send you some food and then a sleeping tablet to take the strain off.”
Annette ate the hospital curry chicken and rice. It tasted like cardboard, but it took away the funny feeling in her tummy. As Annette drifted off to sleep, she could not help but play her answer for tomorrow in her mind. “Doctor, take it out!” As Annette drifted deeper and deeper into her sleep she could feel a darkness surrounding her. “Hello Annette, you remember me?” Annette could not believe her eyes, “Squeal? Is that you?” “No!” the dark angel Lucifer laughed, “It’s me! You, my dear, have something of value to me. You want to kill him! Now let me tell you this missy, if you touch that little one, the little life you have left will be that of horror. I will take you to an inch of your life and bring you back just for fun for the rest of your miserable life! Do you understand me?” Annette was now very scared and nodded, “Yes I understand sir. I will not kill it.” “To remind you of our little talk I will give you my mark on your hand and this will only leave the day the baby is born. You will have a red spot shaped like an L and it stands for Lucifer. Every time you see it you will remember our little deal.”
Annette woke up screaming and looked down to her hand that was burning like fire. On her hand a perfect L appeared just above her wrist. She tried to rub it off, but the more she rubbed the more it hurt. The night eventually became day and Annette’s nerves were near breaking point. What would everybody say and do when she told them that she will be keeping the baby?
She was moved to Doctor Botha’s consulting rooms. At ten ’o clock her parents arrived and they all sat around the table. “Okay Annette, before you tell us your opinion I need to give you all this information. Your little baby is now about a quarter of an inch long. It has its arms and the little hands are formed although it is still called flat paddles. The little legs have started growing and the blood is flowing through the little body. If you decide to terminate...” Annette looked at the L on her hand, “Doctor Botha, I cannot abort this baby! My religion prevents me from doing so!” she cried. 
A stunned silence came down in the room, “I have decided to keep it and then give it away at birth.” Marie and John was stunned, “Annette? Are you sure? We will understand and we think that God will too.” Annette looked at them with tears in her eyes and the pain etched in her soul. “You don’t understand, I have to!” John and Marie walked over to their little baby. “We will be okay Annette, we will be okay! We Promise!”
“Doctor Botha, Annette has given us her answer and we will respect it!” Doctor Botha stopped filling out the consent forms. “If you want, I can help with the adoption.” Marie was first to answer. “Doc let’s get past the first six months and let’s decide then.” John and Annette were confused, but reluctantly kept quiet.
It was one week later that Doctor Botha released Annette to the care of her parents. “I have already sent her file to my colleague, Doctor Mustard. He will now take over her care and will also manage the birth. Good luck Annette, and if you ever need to talk, you know where to find me. O yes, you have a visit scheduled with Doctor Mustard tomorrow and from there he will take over.”
They left the room in silence, still in shock. They arrived home and Annette ran to her room and fell crying on her bed in fear. “God if you are there please, please help me!” Marie walked past her daughter’s room and walked in. She took her hand and played with Annette’s hair. “Don’t worry my baby, you will be okay!”
Annette arrived at Doctor Mustard’s rooms, “Good morning Annette. Now let me examine you and then we can talk.” Doctor Mustard completed his examination of Annette. “Annette, you are in perfect health and I have to applaud you for doing this selfless deed, not a lot of people in your position would. You my girl, need to now look after yourself and eat sensibly to make sure you and the baby are healthy so you can survive this ordeal. My job is to help you get there in one piece and to see if I can help you with the scarring. I have been doing some research on a cream that helps with the lightning of scars and with all my subjects it has helped. It is not a miracle cream, but it does get rid of the redness and softens the scar tissue so that we can reduce it later on.”
Annette looked at him, “Doc, do you mean that you can help me get half my life back?” “Yes Annette, but let’s not get ahead of ourselves, it takes a lot of time. Okay, back to your baby. The little one is about half an inch long and has started developing his lungs. His brain is developing and the hands and feet you can see. The genitalia have also started to grow.” Annette was smiling for the first time in months. “Do you mean that you can help me look better? O thank you doctor, o thank you!” Doctor Mustard was not even finished when Annette jumped up and ran to her dad screaming. “Doctor Mustard said that he will help me look better! Is that not great news?!” They ran down to the car not even asking details or when Annette’s next appointment is going to be.  
Relief and happiness filled the car as they drove home. Marie met them outside the house. “Doctor Mustard called. You must be back in a month. He then will give you a cream, for what I don’t know, and will examine you again. Now what are you two so happy about?” John and Annette told her everything Doctor Mustard told Annette and the laughter rang through their house like church bells calling the sinners home on a Sunday morning.
Time flew past as her date with Doctor Mustard came closer. “Only a few more days then I will start with my special cream. I will not be hideous anymore!” Annette felt like a million dollars. It was Marie that looked at the school calendar and phoned the headmaster of Diamantveld High School. “Sir this is Annette’s mother. Annette is out of hospital and ready to come back to school. When can we bring her by?” The head master paused for a few minutes, “Marie! Good to hear from you. We are so grateful for Annette being okay, but we have a little problem. The trauma of that night plus the fact that Annette is now pregnant makes it impossible for the school to take her back before the baby is not born. Adding to that is the extent of Annette’s injuries....Let me put it like this, kids can be horrible and it may be that some kids could set her back months with their rude comments.” Marie felt the blood rushing to her head. “So, you mean my little girl will lose out on her schooling?”
“No, no Marie!” the headmaster replied, “All we are suggesting is, the teachers will work out her work for each day and in the afternoons come and give it to her. If she does not understand they will take the time to discuss and explain the work. We are only thinking of Annette. We have heard the kids talking and some kids call her the bride of Lucifer.”
Marie started crying, “How could they do this to my child? As if what she has gone through was not enough. I will have to accept the way you want to do it sir, but please don’t let the kids do this to my child again.” 
I can still feel the hurt and anger around the table that night when Marie told Annette about the arrangements for school. Nobody was prepared for the reaction that Annette had. “You know what mom, send them to hell! I will go to college after this and finish there. I don’t need school!” Marie looked at Annette. “Annette you need to complete your school my angel. I am not sure that you will finish if you go to college!” “Well mother, I did not ask for where I am now nor did I ask people to reject me so it’s my way or the highway!” Annette stormed off to her room in anger, but as she walked past a mirror she remembered that she needed to see Doctor Mustard the next day. This changed her mood in an instant as she sat on her bed.
The next day could not have come fast enough. After breakfast they climbed into the car and left for Doctor Mustard’s rooms. They arrived there at ten ’o clock and reported at reception. “My name is Annette. I have an appointment with Doctor Mustard. I am here because he is going to make me beautiful again!” The receptionist looked at Annette and thought, “Young lady not even God can make you look pretty again!” “Miss, please take a seat, Doctor will be with you in a few minutes.” What felt like hours changed when Annette was called in. “Hi Annette!” Doctor Mustard greeted her. “Morning Doctor!” Annette smiled, “Where is the cream, I want to start using it immediately!” Doctor Mustard looked at Annette. “Young lady, first things first.  Let’s examine you and then we can talk about the cream.  Come and get on the bed!” Annette hopped onto the bed. “Okay Annette you look good and healthy. If you wanted to know where your baby’s development is now, here it is, he or she is about the size of a kidney bean and all the cells are in place to start forming the organs of your baby...”
Annette interrupted, “Doctor it’s all nice but what about the cream?” Doctor Mustard looked confused. “Annette, please forget about the cream for now, your baby before you!” “Doctor you said I am fine so let’s get on with it! I will look after myself and you just keep on giving me the cream that will make me beautiful again!” “Annette, the cream will lighten the scarring but will not take it away. I doubt if you will see any improvement before the baby is born. Your hormones are in flux and it will keep your scarring red and at best it may go to a softer shade of pink!” Annette looked at him. “Doctor, just give it to me, don’t you worry!” 
Doctor Mustard gave Annette the cream in a big tub. “Annette, now remember if it does not work immediately, it will take some time to lighten the scars.” Annette glowed with excitement. “Yes, yes, yes doctor...” “Annette you need to see me in three months time again!” screamed Doctor Mustard as Annette ran out. “Yes Doc....” Doctor Mustard looked as Annette disappeared down the stairs and he could not help but have this feeling of impending doom. Annette’s expectation of his cream was totally unnatural.  It was as if she thought that it would take away all her hurt as well as her scars.
The little one in Annette grew with vigour and he could not keep still. He discovered the rough things on his fingers. It looked funny all squiggly and tickled when he rubbed it together. He found out he had some prickly stuff above his eyes and if he touched it, it felt funny! A few times he got startled when Annette hit her tummy softly when he got too excited. He could experience that mommy ate the wrong food which upset him and he would move more to let her know to stop with the awful stuff.
Annette used the cream morning, afternoon and night. She was so excited, “This is going to make me beautiful again, Tralalaaaaa....” not even caring about her voice being husky. As the weeks dragged on, she did not see any changes in the colour of the scars. She sent her dad back six times to get more cream. She remembered the doctor saying that it will take time but she thought it would have shown some results by now. Annette was confused and angry and could not wait to see Doctor Mustard again. 
Time went by so quickly and three months have passed by like it all happened in a day. They arrived at Doctor Mustard’s rooms. “I am here to see Doctor Mustard.” She reported to reception. “You can go through, doctor is waiting for you.” “Good morning Annette! How have you and your baby been?” Annette looked at him. “Baby, baby is all everybody want to know! What about my scars?” Doctor Mustard smiled. “Annette, I have told you that it will take time and to be straight with you, your baby comes first.” Annette looked at him with disgust. “I am the important one here DOC! Without me the little demon would not have lived! Get rid of my scars or else.....” 
At that moment the L on her hand started burning and the pain that shot through her arm felt like burning coals in her veins. “Ouch that hurts!” “You okay Annette” Doctor Mustard asked. “Yes I am okay, just forgot a few rules!” “What rules Annette?” asked Doctor Mustard confused. “Nothing Doctor, now please just give me stronger cream! The baby is fine and he is jumping around in me so let’s go, let’s go!” Doctor Mustard took her hand. “Annette the cream will help a little, but it will not take the scars away. Focus on yourself and the baby for now. The rest will come, I promise.”
“Doctor this cream is all I have to give me hope! I have lost faith in everything I was, had and believed in. The God I serve could not protect me nor could He help to take away my scars nor could he stop this baby. Don’t you understand! The hope I have with this cream is all I have, just give it to me so that I can go.” Annette started crying and Doctor Mustard held her against his chest. “I understand dear child, just promise me that you will not get your hopes up too high, okay? Now, I want to see you at eight months again and here is your prescription for the cream.”
Annette left the room feeling empty and depressed. John could see that his daughter was distraught. “Annette, are you okay?” “Yes dad. Let’s just go home!” “You know my baby, I can understand how you feel but the doctor did warn you that it would take time for the scars to lighten.” Annette looked at her dad with emptiness in her eyes that could have swallowed The Milky Way. “Please Dad, not you too. All I have is my cream. That is all I have and if this does not work I have lost it all. Please let’s go home and just leave me alone, just for a while.”
John only looked in front of him as they drove home and felt like he failed his little girl again. He could not for the life of him think what to do to help his daughter. They stopped at home and as they walked in, it struck him, “Annette I am going to make an appointment at Doctor Botha for you, just to talk, is that okay with you?” “YES, whatever dad, do what you think is good, I will go!”John walked in the door, “Marie we need to talk! Annette is getting obsessed with this cream Doctor Mustard has given her. I think we need to ask Doctor Botha for an intervention because I think she may implode if this cream does not work.” Marie looked concerned and agreed. “John, I think we must do it. If she has a setback now it might affect the baby and that will not be in her best interest!”
John picked up the phone. “Can I please speak to Doctor Botha? I will hold.... Hello, hello Doctor Botha? I need to book a visit for my daughter Annette.” The voice on the other side answered with concern. “John, no problem, what happened?” John answer with some hesitation, “Doc, Annette got a cream from Doctor Mustard. She has become so obsessed with the cream that her health and the baby’s safety are in jeopardy.” “Well John, I suggested to Doctor Mustard to take her as a research subject. The cream would get her mind off the baby and the incident. What does concern me however, is that she has become so obsessed with the cream that it is actually influencing her grasp of reality. Bring her in tomorrow and we can have a talk, okay? Around ten, does that fit into your schedule?” “Yes Doc we will be there.” answered John. 
“Annette we need to go to Doctor Botha tomorrow at ten. Please be ready!” “Yes whatever dad, even if it is just to get you off my back!” answered Annette with a contempt that could freeze over hell. The next morning Annette, still in a foul mood, arrived at Doctor Botha’s rooms. As they walked to the room they walked past chrome boards showing the way to the doctor’s room. Annette looked at them and noticed that the scars on her face were light pink and not dark red as yesterday. “Daddy look my scars are light! O the cream works!” Annette shouted with joy. John looked at her barely noticing the difference. “Come on Annette, Doctor Botha is waiting!” They arrived at the rooms and were shown through immediately. “Hello Annette!” greeted Doctor Botha. “You look beautiful! Your tummy is starting to show, how adorable! Okay let’s talk, John please leave us alone for a while. Okay Annette, talk to me...” Annette looked at him with a smile, “Doc my scars are fading!  Can’t you see?  I finally have hope for my future again. I cannot wait for the baby to get out of me so I can carry on with my life!” 
Doctor Botha looked at her. “O yes, I can see the difference!  It is remarkable! But remember, it could flare-up at any time and go dark again. Remember Annette, your hormones....” Annette smiled. “Doctor, like all the other people in my life, you don’t believe the cream is going to work, but I know better, the cream will do its job. You know Doc, this cream gave me hope and that hope is keeping me sane. Why does everybody want to take it away from me?” Doctor Botha smiled. “Annette, there is nothing wrong with the cream but you are obsessing. Tone it down girl and remember you are the important one, okay?” Annette smiled and nodded yes. “John you can come in now!” called Doctor Botha. John took a seat. “Now John, Annette and I had a long talk and in my opinion she is fine. The cream gives her a sense of peace, hope and happiness. For me this is okay as long as it does not become an obsession. So let’s give it some time and evaluate in a month or so.” “Okay Doc, if you think it is fine, I will abide by it. Let’s keep an eye on her and if it gets bad I will contact you again.” Annette and John left the rooms with a sense of not accomplishing much. John thought that Annette lied to the doctor and Annette thought it was a waste of time.
The baby did not even worry about these visits. He grew bigger by the day and every day he discovered more and more. Yes, he was a boy and as a boy he just could not stay still. When mommy did not eat enough he would kick her in the ribs because a growing boy needs food. He could make out when it was light and dark. He just could not figure out the stinging sensation every time his body came close to his mommy’s sides and tummy. He had dreams that sometimes were nice and sometimes he got scared. In one of these dreams he saw this thing that looked just like him, only bigger. 
This thing talked to him. “Hallo, hallo little one! I am your dad, so don’t be scared. I have gone to very extreme lengths to get you and even if you will not remember this, you need to know that I will be around the corner when you need me!” This man scared him, but he was a fighter with a strong will. “My mommy will protect me, so go away you ugly thing!” He started jumping up and down in Annette’s tummy. Annette woke up from him jumping up and down and smacked his bottom so hard that he crawled up into her ribs to hide. “We will see little one, that burning you feel, you will remember for the rest of your life!” Lucifer smiled as he left him alone. 
Annette used the cream as if there was no tomorrow. One day she would be as white as a lily, the next she would look as if she had not used the cream at all and the next day her scars would light up like a Christmas tree and change every hour. This not only confused the poor child, but also sent her in a terrible downward spiral. She would stop eating for a day or two and then the baby would kick her for food. As if that was not enough, the L on her arm would start burning and paining when the baby started to starve in her. 
The only way she had to get her own back was to smack him when he came close to her skin. O boy and did she use this opportunity to get her own back. She at first just smacked his bum or foot when it touched the skin, but as her depression became deeper and deeper she started hitting him with her fist. Yes the little one had his fair share of black and blue bruises before he even left his mommy’s tummy.
It was now eight months and time for Annette to go to Doctor Mustard. “Annette, are you ready to go?” asked John. “Yes dad, I cannot wait to see Doctor Mustard. I am by now ready to smack the snot out of him! He promised me beauty and all I got was a fat tummy and scars that light up like a Christmas tree. Let’s go!” 
They arrived at Doctor Mustard rooms. “Hello Annette!  How are you doing?” “Well Doc let me put it this way, this baby is killing me and stretching me to my limits! Your cream does not work, because I look like a Christmas tree when my scars light up! You lied to me Doc, you lied!” Doctor Mustard looked at Annette. “Annette, I have never promised you anything! All I said was that the cream will lighten your scars and this will only happen fully if the baby is born. Your hormones also have a role to play and this also influences the scar colouring! But before we go on let me examine you!” 
Annette got undressed and put on her robe and what Doctor Mustard saw shocked him. Annette’s tummy was full of black and purple bruising and it looked like she was in an accident. “Annette what the hell has happened here? What is all this bruising?” Annette looked at him. “O Doc I bumped into a few drawers and doors. My tummy is so big I need to get use to it!” she lied. Doctor Mustard continued with the examination. “Okay, everything looks fine and the baby responds well. It feels like he has turned around and is ready to get into the birth position. He will still move but within the next 2-3 weeks he will be in position to come out. You must look after him and yourself now, okay!” Annette looked at Doctor Mustard as if she did not hear him. “Doc I hear you, but what about the SCARS? THE CREAM DOES NOT WORK! You want to tell me that I will not look beautiful before this demon is out? Well if that is a fact, this little bastard will suffer with me!”
Doctor Mustard asked Annette to wait outside while he and her father had a talk. “John, I think Annette is in a very deep depression about this cream that is not working as she has hoped for. If I take it away, I am convinced she will do something stupid. I cannot give her any medication for the depression so it is up to you and Marie to watch her!” John looked shocked after the comment from Doctor Mustard, “I understand Doc, should we not get Doctor Botha in as well?” Doctor Mustard looked at John. “I will phone him and discuss the situation with him, but for now look after her and don’t let her hit herself or the baby.” John was shocked. “She is doing what?” “Yes she has some bruising on her belly and I think it is from hitting the baby! One wrong punch and that little one is dead! Just keep her hands down, even if you have to sleep in her room.”
Doctor Mustard called Annette in. “Okay Annette, please look after yourself. I have just made a pre-booking at the hospital for you, so if this little one decides he needs to come, they will be ready for you. You need to keep a lookout for contractions every five minutes and sudden excessive water flow!” Annette looked at him with the darkness of the blackest night in her eyes. “Almost time to get him out, then I will be free!” “John, have you, Marie and Annette decided on the future of this baby?” John looked stunned. “No, actually we haven’t even spoken about it!” “I suggest you get to an answer. If I am right, this little one will not see 3 weeks in Annette’s belly. Please let me know so that I can arrange with social services.” John nodded in agreement and took Annette home. 
Marie and John sat in front of the fireplace that night. “Marie, what about the baby?” Marie smiled and looked at John. “I am so excited John, a little Annette or a baby John in the house!” John nearly had a heart attack. “You say what? I told you, I don’t want that thing in my house! He or she is a demon!” Marie looked at her husband. “John, I have told you that he or she is blood of our blood, no matter who his dad is! I will not give him away to the wolves! I will not be the same as his father, nor will I do the same as Squeal’s mother did to him! If you don’t want him, I will take him. Even if I have to divorce you and move out! He is our blood and that my dear husband is my final word!” John was shocked. “Well let me tell you this, he then, my dear wife, will be yours. You two can live in the flat which I was building for Annette in the back of our yard and my daughter and I will live in the main house. As I said, I love you, but that thing will not live in my house!”
The weeks passed by and the baby grew more and more. His little body filled out nicely and he became nice, cuddly and fat. He could feel how angry his mommy was and how she became sad. He could feel his little body pain every time she hit him when she became frustrated. He loved his mommy and decided to really love her because she is his own mommy. It was at thirty nine weeks that Annette went too far after she looked at herself in the mirror. She lost it completely and started smashing her mirrors. She did not even feel the L on her wrist burning, because she had enough. She started beating her tummy with her fists and the little baby could not get out of the way. He was ready to come out. Annette was an expert at punishing him and the fists hit that little body every time.
Marie came running and saw what Annette was doing. “John! Call the ambulance we’ve got trouble!” Annette’s water broke with the force and violence she hit her tummy with. They arrived at the maternity ward in the nick of time and Annette was taken to the delivery room. She was put on the bed and tied down. The contractions were close and eventually the little one decided he will not stay in there any longer. The pain shot through Annette, “AAAAAAAAAAAAA, Get this thing out of me!” “Annette please breath and when I say push, you push, okay?” said Doctor Mustard. It felt as if somebody wanted to split Annette in half. It was as if the fire from hell was burning down there, with the demons from hell tearing away the flesh from her bones. “Annette the head is crowning, Push!” “Aaaaaaaaaaaa, it hurts Doc get it out of meeeeeeeeee!” “Annette calm down and push. Here come the shoulders! Annette, now for the last time push, go girl, push!” “Aaaaaaaaaaaa I am pushing aaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!”
Suddenly it went quiet in the room. “My God Annette, what have you done to your little baby?” Annette was crying. “At least now I can become beautiful and now I am free!” Marie was waiting outside the room for the baby. Suddenly the baby started crying and Marie smiled. “I will call him Leonard!” Doctor Mustard came out of the delivery room. “Marie, John we have taken the baby to Neonatal Intensive Care. Annette nearly killed the little boy! His nose was bleeding and he had a black eye and this matches the bruising on the rest of his body. Lucky for us he has no broken bones and he looks fine. I hope that he did not get any brain damage. If I were you, I would pray like you prayed for Annette nine months ago. Do you have a name for him?” Marie was shocked at the news, “Yes Doc, on this day, 15 November 1969, his name will be Leonard Botha!”
Leonard was born by the grace of God on the 15th of November 1969, healthy with the skin colour of black and blue!


~~~~


Chapter 4 - Little Demon, Little Angel

I remember the pain that washed through the halls of the maternity ward at that hospital on the 15th of November 1969. The cries of anguish and pain sounded up as they pushed Leonard to the Neonatal Intensive Care. Marie and John saw this beautiful little baby boy all battered and bruised, just trying to breathe. They were stunned to see how much damage Annette inflicted on his little body. Their words dried up like rain in the desert and all they could hear was this little baby crying; with the heart monitor beeping as Leonard fought for every ounce of energy to keep his heart beating. “John, you satisfied now? Your little girl nearly killed our baby grandson! It is only by the grace of God that he has survived this. Hope you can live with yourself, but hear this John, that little boy will still love you even though you and Annette wished him dead! He is special and if you or your daughter even thinks of doing this to him again so help me....”
John looked confused at his wife. “So Marie, you still plan on going through with your mad hatter idea?” Marie looked at him. “John, you are either in or out and as I have said, even if it costs us our marriage, I will not abandon that little baby even if you do!” “Well Marie the flat in the back of the yard is all yours. Hope you can live with yourself, you just buried our family!” 
Doctor Mustard came back with the Social Services Nurse. “I have phoned social services to come and collect Leonard. It is clear to me Annette does not want Leonard. I will have to make a case of abuse against her as well. Seems that she and old Squeal had something in common after all, the violence in them binds them together!” Marie looked at Doctor Mustard and the nurse. “That baby will not leave this hospital! He is mine and even if John and Annette abused him and nearly killed him I, Marie Botha, will take him and raise him as my own! O and miss, if you want to take him out of this hospital I will see you in the highest court and if I have too, I will beat you silly, he’s mine!”
Doctor Mustard looked at Marie. “Marie, are you sure? We don’t want to take him away from you, but he deserves love and a good home!” Marie looked at them with fire in her eyes. “I love him as if I am his own mother and with all due respect, I will care for him even if it costs my last breath. His mommy and granddad may be useless and abusive but granny Marie will be mommy, daddy, grandma and grandpa! Just bring me the paperwork so that I can sign for him!” Doctor Mustard looked at the nurse. “Miss, can we do it like this?” The nurse took out the paperwork from the file she had with her. “Marie please sign here and here. I cannot find anything in the law or rules stipulated on my forms preventing me to assign you temporary custody. Now, remember Marie, this is for temporary custody only and you will be inspected and approved for full custody and adoption in three weeks time, okay? Please note that Annette is not allowed to handle or even come close to him, do you understand?” 
Marie smiled and walked away. “See you in three weeks!” John had to catch his breath after he witnessed this utter contempt for his God given rights as head of his home. John jogged to catch up with Marie. “Marie!  Wait for me!” As he turned the corner he saw Marie standing at a door. He heard a young woman crying as if she was standing at an open grave. “Miss, are you okay?” asked Marie. Marie walked in and there on a bed sat a young woman. She could not have been more that 23 years old, sobbing holding on to a blue teddy baby vest. It looked like she was in an accident with cuts and bruises that reminded Marie of the night they brought Annette in after Squeal nearly killed her. “Miss, are you okay? Were you in an accident? Is your baby okay?” 
Marie took the young lady into her arms and held her tight as a mother would do with her daughter who was in pain. “How can I help you?” asked Marie. “My little grandson was born here today! He is so beautiful, a time to be rejoicing! Now come on, stop crying my girl and tell me what is going on.” The young woman looked up with the hurt and pain only death could have brought to her, “M...M...My name is Jillian, aunty. I lost my little boy here today. I look like this because my husband drank too much and decided it would be fun hitting me with a whip and his steel studded belt! I am so broken and the hurt in my soul outweighs the hurt of my body. My little boy is dead and that because his dad could not care about me or him!”
Marie brought her closer. “Girl, I cannot take away your hurt but I can pray for you... Heavenly Father I bring Jillian to you in this night. You have her little boy back with you and all I can ask my Father is that you will hold him close and his mommy here on earth even closer! I pray for wisdom and healing my God and may Your love for the broken be shown to us in this night and the coming days! May You, our Heavenly Father, heal our hearts and give us peace, in Jesus name, Amen” “Thank you Aunty! May I ask what your name is?” Marie smiled. “Yes my dear, my name is Marie Botha. And if you need me or anything else, please phone me, my number is 839 5672. Now rest my dear, I will come and visit you tomorrow!”
Marie gave her a big hug and turned around to leave when Jillian’s husband, Jan walked in. “Yes, yes my girl how’s our critter? You did manage to offload him, you good for nothing woman!” Jillian started crying, “No Jan, he’s dead, you killed him!” Jan looked at her and lifted his hand to smack her. “You good for nothing witch! If you are the one who carried him and failed to deliver, how dare you accuse me?!” His hand came flying towards her and at that moment Marie jumped in front of Jillian. “If you touch one hair on her head I will get the police to lock you up!” Jan did not care who was in front of him and his hand knocked Marie on her jaw. The pain shot through Marie’s head and she fell to the ground like a bag of potatoes.
Jan got ready to give Jillian the smack that Marie just took for her. As he stepped into the slap, John grabbed his hand. “Now son, if you want a hiding from a man, just ask. I am more than willing to oblige and give you the hiding your daddy was too weak minded to give you. If I catch you ever hitting Jillian, or my wife, for that matter, again you will be in hospital, jail or graveyard! You understand me?!” Jan looked at John with his bloodshot eyes and whiskey breath. “You know old man, I can still take you, I am not too drunk! O yes Jillian, these people will not be there to save you every time, you dumb bitch!” He turned around and nearly knocked the table over in the room as he walked out.
Jillian jumped out of her bed. “Aunty Marie you okay? I am so, so sorry for Jan’s actions! Please forgive me!” Marie still dazed by the slap smiled. “Man, that Jan packs a punch! Don’t apologize for Jan my dear Jillian; he is drunk and not thinking straight. His actions are not your fault baby girl. It was Jan who hit me, not you! I am just glad John was here to help; otherwise I think you and me would have been much worse off. I am going to leave now, but I will ask my police friend, Inspector Venter, to send a constable to come and protect you, just in case Jan decides to come back. Sleep now my child, I will see you tomorrow.” With that Marie and John left the room and went home.
They arrived home, Marie with a big smile and John with hate and hurt in his heart. He could not think or even understand how his wife, who is the mother of their child, could choose to take the side of a baby, that was born not even six hours back, above them, her husband and her daughter. He could not understand that she has forgotten what Squeal did to their daughter and then still choose to take Squeal’s seed as her own and defend that demon above their daughter.
The next morning the phone rang. “Hello Marie! Doctor Mustard speaking. Annette is refusing to give Leonard milk! We need to make a plan.  Please can you come and talk to her?” “Yes Doc, will be there in a jiffy.” She put down the receiver and called. “John! We need to go to the hospital Annette is refusing to give Leonard milk. I need to go and talk to her!” “Marie, I just want to say this, if you are going to threaten our daughter or force her to give that demon food, I will step in as her legal guardian and refuse! She is my little girl as Leonard is your little boy. Remember your choice yesterday. Don’t even try!”
They arrived at the hospital and Marie walked to Annette’s room. “Good morning Annette! I hear that you don’t want to give Leonard milk?” Annette smiled. “O mommy dearest, he is yours! You give him food! I brought him into this world and kept to my side of the deal, now he is YOURS! Get out of me and my daddy’s face and life!” Marie was shocked. “You see mommy, the ‘L’ on my hand is gone, you know the one that hurt so much, and I am free to do what I want as I agreed with that strange man in my dreams. Now that I am done, I can do what I want and make plans for myself and that demon baby is not part of my plans!”
Doctor Mustard came in. “Annette, Leonard needs milk and if I have to force you, I will!” John walked past Doctor Mustard and stopped and looked him in the eye as he took his place in front of Annette. “Go ahead Doc, let’s see you try!” Marie looked at him and in that moment a divinely inspired idea hit her. “Doc, we don’t need her. Give me ten minutes and I will be back!” “Okay Marie, but whatever you want to do, we need to do in quick, Leonard is starving and for a sick and battered little one, he is mighty hungry!”
Marie walked down the hall to Jillian’s room. “Good morning Jillian, did you sleep okay?” “Yes aunty. The police at my door looked well after me!” “Jillian I have a favour to ask.  My grandson’s mom is refusing to feed him. The reason I will explain when we have time. I know your baby has passed away, but...” Jillian’s eye lit up. “Aunt Marie, yes I will help you! Jan sent me a letter, written on an old dirty piece of paper this morning to say that he is done with me and I need to fetch my things by the end of today. I need a place to live and if I can live with you, just until I have something else, we can help one another!” Marie smiled. “Wow! I did not even think of it like that, but the flat I live in has two bedrooms and a small room where we can make the nursery for Leonard. There is more than enough space. This is great!  I think let’s do it, roomy!” Jillian looked up to heaven. “You see aunty; God heard your prayer last night. Thank you God! Aunty let them bring Leonard to me. I will treat him as my own son. He must be hungry! O yes and I have all the baby things like a cot and clothes so we need not buy him anything.” As the laughter rolled out into the hall Jillian said: “You see aunty, I withdrew Jan’s savings from the bank before he decided to hit me and bought all the baby things I would have needed. The suppliers are just waiting for the formal address to deliver. I will phone them and tell them to phone aunty to get the address. This is going to be so much fun!”
“Okay baby girl that is a deal! When can I come and fetch you? There is a lot to be done!” Jillian smiled, “I am out just after 3 o’ clock if the doctor agrees and I don’t have too many things with me, so a car is okay!” Marie looked at her, “You know what, I will ask my friend, Inspector Venter, to send the police to your house to get your things and deliver the protection order at the same time. Jan, my dear, will never ever touch you again, not if I can help it! Okay see you then, I need to get back to Doctor Mustard, love you baby girl!”
Marie ran to Doctor Mustard laughing. “Doc, you can take Leonard to Jillian in room six. Her little boy passed on last night and she cannot go home because her husband threw her out of their house. We have an agreement that she will be Leonard’s surrogate mommy and I will give her a place to live for now! O glory I am so excited!” Doctor Mustard looked perplexed. “She agreed to this? Well okay, I will send a nurse with Leonard to her to show her what to do and how to handle him. He is still weak and we need to be careful, but I think his first miracle in life just happened!”
John growled. “You agreed to what? You may live for free but I will not provide any food for you or that girl! Do you hear me Marie!” Marie smiled. “You know John you are not the alpha and the omega in my life, God is that! That is if you still can remember that he exists. I have been helping on a part time base at one of our church’s dentist’s, do you remember? He actually offered me a fulltime job after hearing about our situation from Pastor Pieter. He offered me an assistant and financial lady position that will more than pay for our keep in the flat at the back. I will even pay the water and lights, plus I insist on rent, then I don’t owe you one red cent!” John forgot about the offer that was made and felt like a criminal for doing this to his wife. “As I said, you look after the food and groceries, I will look after the rest, OKAY!” he answered with a stupid look on his face.
I think this must have been the start of Leonard’s life passion. Although Jillian thought that she helped Leonard, the little boy helped her by filling the gap her little boy left when he passed on. From the first moment Leonard put his little head against her body, Jillian was in love with him and o he loved the milk and his soft and warm mommy. His grandma enjoyed playing with him and for a while, things could not have been better. The little baby with his blond hair and sky blue eyes grew quickly. 
The first three weeks flew by and in no time it was time for the welfare to come and do their inspection. The appointment was made very early on a Tuesday morning. A knock on the door, two hours before the appointment, left Marie as nervous as a cat in a dog kennel. Marie opened the door. “Good morning miss, please come in.” In front of Marie stood Miss Groenewald, the welfare assessor for the Northern Cape. This lady had the reputation of a pit-bull and hardly ever gave custody to grandparents. 
“Good morning, Mrs Marie Botha, I presume?” Her high pitched voice could have frozen the blood in any human’s veins. “I am here to inspect your situation and before you ask, I DON’T DO FAVOURS!” Marie smiled, “None asked Miss Groenewald, as I said, please come in. Please excuse us as Jillian and I go on with the daily activities. I need to get ready for work. You have free access to anything in our house; just mind the mess of the early morning rush.” Miss Groenewald walked through the house and looked everywhere. She looked under the beds, how clean Leonards clothes were, his condition and even how clean Jillian and Marie were. 
Miss Groenewald, after more than an hour’s observation and searching, called Marie and Jillian. “Okay, you two...” she said in a stern voice. “I have completed my investigation and for the first time in my career I can smile...” as the ice in her facial expression melted. “I was concerned about this little baby and asked for this case not intending to approve this adoption, but after seeing this, his home, I can say that you are a blessing to my heart and if all people did this to children, I would be out of a job. Well done girls, I approve the adoption without any reservation and will be back from time to time, just to come and visit and be part of this great blessing. Hope that is okay with you two?” Marie smiled, “You are most welcome my dear and by the way, please call me Marie and this is Jillian!” Miss Groenewald smiled with a small tear in her eye, “Thank you, I will see you again! O yes, my name is Joan!” and with that she left. 
It was not long before Leonard started to sit and baby talk. He could sit and play with a telephone for hours and you would think he is in a very important business call. He would take a matchbox Marie painted and pretend it is a car and play for hours on end. It was when he got upset that Jillian started noticing something different. When Leonard got upset for some or other reason, his eyes would change to one eye blue and the other green. Leonard would also become very violent and would throw things around. The only thing that would calm him was a song she and Marie would sing. Leonard’s favourite was Amazing Grace and he would sleep in just a few minutes when hearing the song. Luckily for Marie and Jillian, this behaviour did not occur often. Marie and Jillian one day looked at one another and started laughing during one of these tantrums and said: “Our little angel with the crazy eyes!”
With Annette things did not go so well though. Her dad tried to get her back to school, but all Annette wanted to do was to go out at night. Eventually John had to put his foot down. “Annette it is clear to me you are not going to finish school. A clever girl like you wasting the only thing you have left and that is your mind! I have arranged an interview for work at Eskom as a secretary. You need to be there at ten ’o clock!” Annette just smiled. “O daddy, daddy of mine, with this face? NO WAY!” John looked at her. “Well, I have also arranged a visit at the beauty salon for you for today. The girls there have a few tricks they want to teach you and by the way, your scarring is so light that you have to look close if you want to see it. The cream Doctor Mustard gave you has worked its magic!”
Annette laughed, “Yes dad, the cream worked! Whoop dee doo! What tricks?” John smiled: “Let me go and show you!” They arrived at the salon at about ten ’o clock the morning, “Here is my little girl, give her the full make over and remember spare no expense!” Annette was taken in and her hair was washed, dyed and styled to the latest style. The best part for Annette was when she got taught how to use make-up to hide the fine scarring still left. She could not believe how beautiful she looked again and that after only a few minutes of make-up. John came back from shopping, after buying all the make-up as prescribed by the salon for his little girl. 
If John only knew how this new found freedom would cost him and his little girl. “O thank you daddy! I look beautiful again! Thank you, thank you!” Annette stood before the mirror and could not get enough of her looks. Annette smiled and looked up and shouted. “You see this Squeal, You see this! I have won, not you!” 
Annette had a party on that night at the new nightclub in town called, “King by Night”. She was dressed to kill and looking at her, you would not say she went through the horror she did only a year ago. Annette’s reputation was that of a party animal and she did not care to show off her curves, and now her face, to get the boys all uptight, looking and begging for more. That night she met Sam, a snake from the pit of hell, but charming as an angel. “Hello beautiful!” Sam greeted her. “A beautiful little thing like you, how could I miss you?” Annette was flattered. It was the first time in a year that any boy looked at her, never mind calling her beautiful. “Come sit here my girl, I have a drink for you!” “Sorry sir, I don’t drink.” answered Annette. “Don’t worry my girl, it’s only orange juice. Just want to talk to you, my girl, I won’t bite!” 
That night Annette made the second biggest mistake of her life that would define her as a worthless desperate woman. Sam, an old customer, ordered her an orange juice and vodka. The taste was a little off, but with the chewing gum that Annette was chewing, she did not even taste the difference. After the third drink, Annette was plastered and could barely stand on her feet. Annette asked Sam to take her home, but Sammy boy had other ideas. It is not every day you get an opportunity like this with a beautiful drunk lady. He took her home and made her some coffee. “I can’t take you home like this; your dad will kill me.” Annette smiled, “I know what you want, you sly fox!” Sam smiled, “And what would that be, my princess?” “You want to screw me! Just like all the boys’ at the club! I will make you a deal Sammy; you can screw me for one hour but...” Sam smiled unbuttoning his shirt, “But what?” “You must give me 50 rand, then you get something and I get something!” “Are you sure my princess? You are not in a good place now!” Annette smiled, “Come on big boy you want me or not?”
The next morning Annette woke up and looked at Sam, “What happened, where am I?” Sam smiled, “You came home with me girl and we had ourselves a hell of a time.” Annette wanted to jump up and run away, but Sam pushed her down, “I had to pay you, but girl you are so worth it! I will pay over and over for this pleasure baby!” Annette looked shocked, “You mean I asked you money like a prostitute? How much did I ask?” Sam smiled. “You are expensive girl, 50 rand goes a long way out there, but as I said, that hour was insane!” 
Annette fell back into bed and it was as if her brain went into overdrive. “If I got 50 rand for an hour last night, I could make in two weeks what my dad makes in a month at his work! That means my time is my own.” With these thought Annette was hooked on the high life. She fell asleep not even thinking of the interview that her dad arranged for her. As she drifted off again she could sense she was not alone. “Hallo Annette!” a voice called in the darkness. “I just came to say thank you for your help with Leonard. I have taken away the “L” on your hand and I think I need to reward you some more for all that you have done. You had a taste of what could be last night, all pleasure and little work, well if you can call laying on you back work. Looks like this type of job is just right for you and we are going to make lots and lots of money for you. I will take the scars on your face away as well, we can’t sell damaged merchandise girl!” Out of the darkness, the man that caused her so much pain, Lucifer, appeared smiling with his yellow teeth gleaming and his breath reeking of death and decay. “You and me baby, how about it?” Annette, strangely enough was not scared of this thing anymore. “Okay, we can give it a go for now. Show me what you have kind sir!” and with that Annette agreed on a life filled with wealth, luxury, pain, hurt and sickness.
Sam dropped Annette off at her home well after twelve ’o clock that afternoon. “Annette! Where the hell were you? The interviewer waited for more than an hour for you because he is a good friend of mine! You have wasted this opportunity and a chance to get a job! Explain yourself!” Annette smiled. “Daddy, I will not need that job anymore. I got one last night and I have completed my first night shift. See, I made 50 rand just for one night! O, I am going to enjoy my new work...” John nearly fell over when he saw the money. “What job is this that pays this much money for one night?” Annette smiled and walked to the bathroom to take a long steamy bath to relax, clean up and then go to sleep. She planned a long night and if she had anything to do with it, it would be filled with lots of money. Annette’s reputation ran through Kimberley and the surrounding district like wildfire. She had a booking for each night of the week and made 350 rand per week. She bought new clothes and even a car. It was not long before the house and home that John provided irritated her. If it was not her room that was old it was Leonard that she could not stand. Nothing was right and John could not keep up with the fights and tantrums.
One evening Annette looked at her dad. “Dad? I have decided I am going to move!” John looked shocked at his daughter but could understand. “Yes Annette it is okay, nothing is good enough here in any case. I bought the bricks and sand to build a wall so you don’t need to look at your mom and Leonard, which was not good enough either. I have grown tired of trying to accommodate you and I miss your mom more that I will cry about you or your issues. You have my blessing, go and always remember that your dad loves you and that you will have a home to come back to when you need it.” Annette laughed. “Back to this hell hole?  Not in my lifetime daddy!” John looked at his daughter with the profound feeling of loss. “When will you be out?” “Well I have been looking around and can be out by month end. Don’t worry dad, this will be good for you and me!” John looked at his daughter and could not help wondering if it would really be as good as she said.
Time passed way too quickly for John. Annette moved out to her new flat and John was surprised to see with what luxury it was fitted out with. “Wow Annette, where did you get this kind of money to do this?” Annette smiled: “Dad let’s just say my business is booming and I am doing very, very well!” With a shock John realized that his little girl was the new girl in town everybody was talking about. The tears streamed down his cheeks, his words and fight taken out of his soul as he walked out. The same tears ignited a fire in his soul and the hate erupted like a volcano. He hated God, Leonard, Squeal and everything that was connected to them. 
John stormed into the flat at the back of the yard with his fist at the ready. “Where is that demon!” he screamed. Jillian and Marie came running out as John picked up little Leonard and slapped the little boy. “John Botha not one more slap, you hear me!”Marie shouted. But John was not prepared for what happened next. Leonard’s eyes changed in front of his own and this little baby grabbed John around the neck and with the four teeth he had, bit John’s nose so hard it started bleeding! “Marie just take him, I am bleeding, help!” John never had the stomach for blood and fell to his knees. 
Marie started laughing and I still don’t know if it was out of shock, pleasure or because it looked so funny, but she laughed. “Yes John, you see, you will not bully this little one! He has sorted you out himself! Watch out, next time it may be worse! But tell me, why are you so angry at Leonard?” John looked at her with his face full of blood. “Our daughter has moved out Marie and I think the new job she has been talking about is the new madam of the district, selling her body for money!” Marie looked at him in shock. “What? Well, cannot say I am too surprised John. After Squeal, Annette was never the same again. I have laid her at my God’s feet and I know he will make a way in the desert and protect her from evil.”
John walked to his house and poured himself a stiff drink. “I cannot believe Marie is still hooked on that God thing. Our lives are falling apart and all she can think of is God, God, and God...” “John, you think that drink will help? Let me look at your nose and let me rather help you, okay?” Marie smiled as she walked in. “Marie not now, just let me be!” “Now, now big man I will get Leonard to come and bite you again if you want a fight!” Marie giggled as she walked to the medicine cabinet. “You know John; I miss my husband very much and wish he would come back to me!” John looked at Marie, “Say what? Ouch that hurt!” “Come now sit still! John you know that I love you, but Leonard is my first priority. I love that little boy. He looks just like you with his big blue eyes and curly blond hair. I still have photos of you as old as he and man you could have been a carbon copy of each other.” “Don’t come with that to me Marie, his dad hurt our daughter and now you tell me he looks like me?”
Marie smiled down at John as he took a sip of his whiskey. “Well, all I am saying is, if you want me back you need to accept Leonard. We are a package, otherwise my dear we are going to have a problem.” John looked at her with a glint of hope in his eyes, “I
love you too Marie, but Leonard will take me time to accept and then there is Jillian...” “What about her?” Marie asked with coldness in her voice. “Don’t you worry about Jillian! She will stay in the flat and I will look after her. Her job is to look after Leonard during the day when I am at work. Her husband has filed for divorce, so she is now also my daughter and she will stay here, she is like Leonard’s adopted mommy. I adopted her too and what a daughter she has become to me.”
“Understand me John, I never ever threw our daughter to the wolves, or stopped loving her for that matter, but I could not let her keep on doing what she did to Leonard even though I understood completely. I still love Annette and you John, but I have two new children and I hope you can grow to love them as well.” John smiled as he took another sip. “Let's say for now I am open to the idea. As I said, it will take time, but I promise to give it a bash. Just one question Marie?”  Marie smiled and kissed him on his forehead. “When you are ready my husband, only when you are ready, we will come back. O, yes and your question?” John looked confused. “Did you see his eyes? One blue and one green! That looked so evil.” Marie laughed. “Jip we have met his alter ego a few weeks back, but he only comes out to play when Leonard is upset.”
“Okay, we have managed to stop the bleeding now, hope your nose feels better my big baby!” John smiled. “Yes it feels okay. I have forgotten how soft your hands can be Marie. Well seeing that we have new ground between us Marie, how about you and your two new children have a barbeque with me tonight, maybe we can start that getting to know one another  thing we spoke of.” Marie nodded and smiled, because she knew that the prayers she sent up to her Heavenly Father were heard. That night John met Jillian as a new daughter in the house and held his grandson for the first time since his birth, with more love than contempt. The tears flowed over his cheeks and he nearly kissed Leonard to death. He played with him and when Leonard started crying he gave him back to Jillian as quick as a flash. He had enough of the biting and the kicking thing. For the first time in months this family had some peace in their lives.
One thing worried John though, he loved watching Leonard play and sometimes it would be like he was talking to someone next to him. Sometimes he would have those crazy eyes and sometimes he would play till he fell asleep under the orange tree in the backyard. He also could see the difference in how Leonard acted when his eyes changed and Squeal emerged, as John would call him. He discussed it with Marie a few times and even with a psychologist and they both said it would come right and Leonard would grow out of it.
It was the day when Leonard said his first word that John turned as white as snow. They were busy with a barbeque, “Lucif, Lucif...” Marie jumped up, “You heard that? He said Lucif!” John was out of breath. “Yes Marie I heard! Squeal called himself that before he attacked our daughter that night!” Marie looked at him. “It can’t be!  He does not know that name!” John now full of goose bumps. “I have seen him playing and you would swear there is someone or something talking to him.”
Marie smiled. “Maybe he heard it in church.” What neither John nor Marie new was that Lucifer himself came to visit Leonard to come and see if he was okay and to teach him. He taught Leonard in his ways and Leonard was an eager learner. Leonard could speak way before any of the kids that he was compared too. He could do spelling and maths before any of the same aged kids could. Marie and Jillian could not keep up with the flash cards and books.
Leonard grew up fast and it was not long before he could walk. Grandma Marie moved back to the house and Leonard and Jillian lived in the back. John warmed up to this little person and when he expected it the least he would catch himself smiling at Leonard and yes, even loved him. Leonard enjoyed his granddad and when allowed he would jump on him and even turn his workshop into a mess.
How can anybody forget the first fishing trip John took Leonard on? They went down to the stream on their way to the Vaal River and got ten cent river crabs. The fish bait they had made the night before smelled sweet in the car. They arrived at the river bank and John took out their rods and traced his rods up. He put on some bait and cast it in as far as he could. He looked at Leonard. “Come on boy get traced up.” Leonard looked at John. “Grandpa I don’t know how to do the knots!” John smiled. “Okay, my boy let me show you. You see you take this line and put it through the hole in the sinker, like this you see?” Leonard smiled, “Yes grandpa!” “Okay my boy, now you take the line and pull it through until it is as long as your thumb on the other side, you see? Next you twirl the line together and then, if you have six or seven twirls done, you put the line through the little hole at the bottom and pull tight as you hold on to the loose end, like this, you see?”
“Yes I see grandpa! What then?” Leonard asked with anticipation in his voice. “Okay Leonard, then the sinker is on and you pull the line as long as from the tip of your finger to the middle of your chest and snip it off. You then do the same with this loose end were the swivel must come as you did with the sinker; you see this one with the two holes. It’s called a swivel!” Leonard did as grandpa showed him and did it perfect. As he finished, the fish started biting and John showed Leonard how to know when to strike. John caught the first carp and Leonard could not wait to catch his own fish. It was not long after that Leonard’s fishing rods where ready to cast. “Grandpa please teach me how to throw in my lines into the water!” John took the rod and wanted to throw it in for Leonard. “Grandpaaaaa, show me, I want to do it myself!” John smiled, “Okay, okay my boy! You first role the line up until the swivel is almost at the top. Then you take your finger like this and pull the line to the rod holding it firm. Then you flip over this shiny thing on the reel and then take the rod back. You aim where you want to throw and then you bring the rod forward and you let the line go. The sinker will then let the line go to where you aimed for. Let me show you on my rod and then you practise a bit.” Leonard looked how John put bait on his hooks. He looked intensely at how John rolled the line up just right and flipped over the reel clip. Then John brought the rod forward nice and slow for Leonard to see. Leonard was so excited and grabbed his rod. He did as John did but just could not get the line in. John laughed hard and nearly fell off his chair. This frustrated Leonard endlessly and he got very upset. “Grandpa I can’t get it right!” He looked at John and as if John got a flash back from the past he saw the blue and green eyes. Leonard wanted to throw his rod in the water, but John quickly stopped him. “Leonard stop, stop my boy. You see, you want to throw your bait into tomorrow to get where I am. The fish is everywhere in the water my boy. Okay now try again and put these maze pips on.” Leonard gave it one last try and he did it a bit slower as granddad said and made a nice cast. It was still a bit off the mark, but it was in. It was as if God knew that if this did not work that there would have been hell to play. At that moment while Leonard was putting his little ball of fish bait on like John did to show when the fish bit, his line suddenly got stiff as a guitar string and a fish took his line and started running with it.
“Grandpa!  My rod, HELP ME!” Leonard ran to stop the rod from going into the water. “Hey my boy! Your first fish! Ha, ha, ha, you caught him, now you need to get him out!” John laughed so hard his stomach muscles started to cramp. Leonard now crying. “Grandpa, please! The fish is going to pull me in to the water! Help me please!” John got up and walked to Leonard. “No my boy the fish will not drag you into the water; just do what I tell you too, okay?” “Yes grandpa, just help me!” Leonard screamed. “Now let’s loosen this little knob, you see. If the fish wants to run, it can go and it will give the fish line, but not too much. We call it a drag and it makes the fish tired. Okay and then you don’t need to keep on striking; the fish is already hooked and the hook is in his mouth, so just keep your rod up and let your reel and rod do the work. Now you understand my boy?” Leonard still with tears in his eyes. “Yes Grandpa, but don’t leave me, just in case the fish is as big as the river!” It was in that moment that John realised that this little man was from his blood, part of his heart and that they are one, even though he was made by a bad, bad person. He had old Squeal’s bad side in him, as he met that side a few times when his eyes turned blue and green, but the love this little boy had in him for everybody, irrespective of what they did to him would conquer all the bad.
What seemed like hours to Leonard was actually about six minutes and he had his first carp on the side. Not big at all, but to Leonard it could have been a whale. “Well done my boy! We can take this one home to show grandma. We will cut off his one fin so we can see that it was your fish, okay?” Leonard was smiling from ear to ear and even though he did not catch one more fish that day, he had his own fish. Leonard learned that day at the fish water how to keep going and to never give up. It may take some time to achieve something, but it is always worth the wait.
It was clear that Leonard was a genius, or at least very clever. Leonard grew to a small boy with a mind of his own. When Granddad said no, he would do the opposite, when Marie said no, he would run to Jillian for a yes and if she said no, he would go to granddad. He knew exactly how to play the game between the adults. What kept Leonard honest was going to church. Yes there he would here of this amazing God, that rules the world and he actually was a bit scared of him. When his teacher Lucifer would visit, Leonard would ask him about this great God but all he got back was. “Don’t believe everything these people tell you my boy! There is nothing like God!”
On his sixth birthday Leonard had a visit from his teacher again. “Hallo my child!” Lucifer said, “Hope you are well. You are turning six tomorrow and I just wanted to say congratulations. As a present from me I am sending your mommy, yes the real one! She will be here to bring you a present. Will you like that?” “O yes sir! Grandma and Grandpa have told me so much about her. She is beautiful and can sing...” “That is true my boy but she has change a little bit in the last few years. Let’s say it’s due to the wear and tear of her job! The same job that kept her away from you my son.” “No matter sir, I still love her like God told me too!” Lucifer jumped up, “Who told you what? You never ever talk about that name, GOD again, you hear me, YOU HEAR ME!” growled Lucifer. “Okay, sir never ever again!” Leonard had to get away from this angry teacher of his. “Sir, do you mind if I go and play?” Lucifer grinned. “Yes my boy, go and play. Granddad dropped some sand for the extra room for the house! It is the perfect place to go and play my boy.” Leonard walked to the sand and started building bridges and roads for his cars. “Leonard! Get off of the sand please. You are wasting it and I don’t know if I have enough”, called John. “Leonard I am talking to you!” John never ever in his life had patience for children that did not want to listen to him. It flashed through his mind how Annette got a hiding for just not bringing him a glass of water. How one of her friends got a smack on the bum for not going to sleep when he said so. The anger in him rose up and he could only see Squeal in front of him, when Leonard ignored him. He would remember his little girl and the hurt. He would forget how much he enjoyed this little man when he took him fishing. All the good would leave John and on a few occasions Marie had to jump in between John and Leonard to stop John from killing Leonard. On this day Marie was not close to stop John and Jillian was out with her ex-husband on a date. It was only John and the demon in front of him.
“Squeal! I told you to get off!” before Leonard could move off the sand, John grabbed a green tree branch and stripped all the leaves off. He took the branch back behind his back and released the fury of his anger onto the little boy. Fortunately for Leonard, John could only get one hit in. As the whip hit Leonard’s leg it opened a cut on the side of his leg. The sap of the branch poured into the cut and burned like a fire coal you have stepped on. He jumped up and ran. John tried to catch Leonard, but the little boy ran circles around him. When Marie found Leonard he was crying in his granddad’s orange tree. She called him, “Leonard come here my boy!” Leonard walked slowly towards Marie. “Leonard let me see what your Granddad did to you.” She looked at the wound and put a little antiseptic on cotton and wiped it clean. “There you go my boy, you will be okay! Can you and I make a deal?” Leonard looked at her. “Yes grandma! It hurt so much when granddad hit me and I thought granddad was going to kill me! Does he hate me grandma?” “No, he does not hate you, but he gets so mad when children don’t listen to him! Please Leonard, when he speaks to you just listen to him. If he does something to you with reason I cannot protect you, okay!”
As they were talking, John walked out and sat next to Leonard. “I am sorry I hit you so hard my boy. I had no right to do this but next time you must listen to me, okay?” Leonard put his arms around Grandpa John and cried. “Granddad, I will never ever do something like this again. I love you Grandpa.” John held this little bundle of joy in his arms and cuddled him till Leonard fell asleep. 
Leonard woke up the next morning still with the mark on his leg but smiling because today was his birthday. He knew his friends would come and visit him, but for him the knowledge off his mom coming made him so happy! The doorbell rang and Marie went to open the door. There, in front of her stood her little girl, not so little anymore. Marie nearly fainted and called John. John came round the corner and gasped. In front of him stood a woman that resembled their little girl, but was bent out of shape and neglected. You could see the last six years etched into her face. The sex, drugs and high life took its toll. Her clothes were sleazy and she looked like a low class hooker on the corner down the street. 
Annette left her dad’s house six years ago with a bad attitude and stars in her eyes. She knew she would make lots of money, but did not reckon that her body would rebel against the abuse. She started with uppers to get her energy up for her working nights and in the morning downers to go to sleep. This did not help her for long and Sam then introduced her to heroin. He now was not only her boyfriend, but her pimp and supplier. The drugs ravaged her body and mind while Sam raked in the money. Sam got more girls working for him and not long after that he became rich and powerful. Annette looked at her father and mother: “Well are you not going to invite your little girl in, or am I too sleazy and low class to be invited in?” John and Marie looked at one another. “Yes, yes Annette please do come in. Sorry, we did not expect you here!” Annette grinned at them with her mascara smeared, her lipstick put on skew and her hair looking like some bird made its nest in it. “Well mommy and daddy, I just brought Leonard a present. He is my son after all. I hear he has become a beautiful little boy and I want to see him. I will leave as soon as I have given him his present okay?” John and Marie looked at one another, “Annette, it’s not as if we don’t want to, but....” Leonard came charging around the corner. “Mommy! My mommy you are here!” He jumped into her arms and gave her a big hug. Annette nearly fell over. “My boy! Let me look at you. Wow you have grown, you little piece of crap!”
John stepped in and took Leonard. “Annette please, leave now!” “Daddy, why are you choosing him? Why did you throw me away? Daddy...!” John looked at her, “Annette, you moved out and threw me away for the high life, remember? Your son gave me love even though I nearly killed him. He has proven me wrong, maybe if you give him a chance my girl; he will prove you wrong as well!” Annette looked at her mom and dad: “I will rather kill him than love him!” 
Annette took the present she bought Leonard and threw it at him. The corner of the box hit Leonard against his forehead and cut Leonard open. The cut was deep and Marie ran to get the first aid kit. She put a cotton ball on the cut and taped it to Leonards head. “Annette, get the hell of our property!” 
Leonard did not understand why his real mommy did this to him, but he knew that he must have been bad for her to do this to him. Marie and John jumped in the car to take Leonard to Doctor Mustard for some stitches. Leonard turned down his window with tears in his eyes and his heart broken, he screamed at Annette as they drove away: “I am sorry mommy, I am sorry mommy! I did not mean to be naughty mommy, sorry Mommy! I love you mommy, I love you please come back mommy, please come back!”


~~~~


Chapter 5 - Schooling of the...

Leonard’s agony and pain was ringing through the car that morning. It was not from the cut on his forehead or the blood dripping down to his cheek, but from his little heart that was breaking for his mommy. He could not understand why his mommy did this to him. He never saw her, but still she chose to hurt him. His little mind raced back and foth to remember where he did wrong, but he could not even remember when last he saw her at the house or anywhere ells for that matter. He cried until John stopped the car at the doctor’s office. “Leonard my boy, let grandpa take you in so that the doctor can help us.” Leonard climbed into John’s arms. “Grandpa, why did my mommy hurt me? I never see her and I always dream about her and then we always play in my dreams. Why Grandpa, why does my mommy not love me?” John had to bite on his teeth to stop the tears as he walked into Doctor Mustard’s rooms. The receptionist took them through to the procedure room. “Hallo John, what can I do for you?” Doctor Mustard greeted. “Well Doc we had a small incident at our house and Leonard, my big boy, got a cut. It’s going to leave him his first scar! See doctor he is not even crying! My big boy!” he winked at Doctor Mustard. “Okay, Leonard let me see, o it’s not too bad, John. We are going to put in three stitches and then he will be as good as new!” Leonard felt so brave and grandpa was so proud of him that Leonard forgot all about what happened to him earlier that morning.
Doctor Mustard took out a syringe and a thin needle. “Okay big boy, it’s going to feel like a small bee sting and then you won’t even feel when I put in the needle to close your cut. Okay here we go!” Leonard felt a small prick and then a little burning under his skin. It only took a minute or two and he could not even feel Doctor Mustard touching his skin. “Doctor, have you taken off my skin? Where is it, can I see?” Doctor Mustard laughed. “No Leonard! I did not remove your skin. The injection I gave you had some medicine in that took away the feeling and pain you felt. Let me give you a mirror so you can see what I am doing.” Leonard held the mirror and looked at his forehead as the doctor put in each stitch carefully. He was amazed at the thin line the doctor used. “Doctor!”, Leonard laughed, “now I know how the fish me and grandpa catch must feel. The line you use looks just like our fishing line! Hey grandpa?” John could not help but laugh. “Yes my boy! Now we have a Leonard fish in the house!” Doctor Mustard took about twenty minutes to finish the procedure. “Okay Leonard, you must keep the cut clean for ten days and then Grandma Marie can remove the stitches okay?” John looked at Doctor Mustard. “Yes Doc we will do, but we now have a birthday party to go to. Leonard is turning six and next year he will be going to the big boy’s’ school!” Doctor Mustard greeted John and Leonard as they left the building. 
They rushed home to get all the party cake, crisps, sweets and cold drinks ready for Leonard’s birthday party. Leonard never felt this grownup and all the presents he got amazed him. Jillian bought him his first pair of school shoes and backpack. He got a cricket bat and rugby ball and lots and lots of pencils and colouring books for school. All his friends wanted to know what happened to his head and Leonard told them how his mommy threw his present at him and he missed the catch. He did not want to tell his friends how his mommy hurt him. To his friends she was a princess and a very successful mom with lots of money that loved him very much.
Annette stood frozen while John and Marie took Leonard to the doctors. She could not understand how her parents could choose that little misfit over her. Annette stood crying on her parents’ porch for a good half an hour trying to get over what she saw as the ultimate betrayal. She stumbled off after Jillian saw her and chased her away. “Annette, how could you do that to my little boy? If you want to fight, next time try me you witch, I am your size you loser!” Annette smiled, “You are nothing of him, you tramp! I brought him into this world and I will damn well take him out of it if I want to! Get that, you poor battered little girl. As I have heard, you free loaded your whole life on my mom and dad’s good graces! Now who is the loser, BITCH?” Jillian grabbed a broom, with the hurt painted across her face. “I may not be his real mom, but that little boy is mine. Now get out of here you slut, before I whack you with this broom!” Annette stumbled off, “Don’t hit me witch, rather get on the broom and fly away!”
Jillian was so angry that she could kill Annette, but she needed to focus on Leonard’s party now and her date later on with Jan. Jan just could not stay away from Jillian. His biggest problem was the drink and he had to first stop the drinking before Jillian would even speak to him were Marie was present. The divorce that went through six years back nearly bankrupted Jan, but that gave him the chance to get himself sober. Jillian did not trust Jan at all in the beginning, but gradually he got her heart back piece by piece. He started going to church with her, while in the week he wined and dined Jillian and took her out for picnics. He even went with her to their son’s grave every year to put flowers on his grave and to remember how wrong things could go when he got drunk. They built their relationship piece by piece and eventually got to the point where they loved one another like in the olden days, before all the drinking, pain and beatings.
Jan was so excited at Leonard’s party. He could not wait for later to go and visit their son’s grave. Jan walked up to Marie and John. “Marie, John! I want to take Jillian to our son’s grave this afternoon and would like to ask her to marry me again! I know many years ago things were bad, but you have seen me change and we love and trust one another again. I do have one condition though and that is that you two, her new adopted parents, give me permission. Please may I?” John and Marie looked at him. “Jan, your past is not important anymore!” said John. “We have seen the change in you and would love to say yes, but if you ever think of doing to Jillian what you did to her so many years ago, I will personally put you out of your misery! Okay?” Jan smiled, “So it is a yes John? Thank you John, I will not disappoint you. I just hope she agrees!”
Jan and Jillian left around three ’o clock that afternoon after picking some roses in the garden to put on the grave. The afternoon was hot and you could hear the sun beetles screaming in the trees. Jillian took the roses and put it down on her little boy’s grave. She called him John, after the friendly man that defended her in the hospital when Jan wanted to hit her. The tears were rolling down her face as Jan held her. “Jan, every year we promise that we will never go back to where we ended when our son died. Please, please remember that day.” Jan smiled and held her tight, the tears now running down his cheeks. 
He turned to Jillian and kissed her and went down on his knee. “What are you doing Jan?” Jillian cried, “Jillian, I have done horrible things to you in the past, but you have shown me the way out of my misery. You, Jillian have healed me and I love you for that. Can you forgive me for what I have done to you?  Then, here with our son present, I want to ask you to marry me again! Will you?” Jillian was out of breath, “Jan, I don’t know. Yes you have changed and I do love you, but our history together is bad.” Jan smiled, “I know my princess, but I promise on our son’s grave that I will never ever do to you again what I did to you so many years ago! Please consider it!” Jillian looked at the grave of her son and at the man kneeling before her and smiled. “Okay Jan, I will marry you again. Leonard is grown and doesn’t need me so much anymore, but remember he will always be my son!” Jan smiled with one tear running down his cheek. “Yes my love, I hear you. I will treat Leonard as our son. You my princess will not be disappointed!”
Annette arrived at her house where Sam waited for her.  “Where the hell have you been Annette? The customers have started phoning and you need your medication before you go to work! I can’t send a half whacked, out of her mind slut to treat them to a good time!” Annette looked at him with disgust. “Yes, yes Sam. Keep your pants on. I am a pro, or have you forgotten where our money comes from? Mmmmmm? Give me the stuff so that I can shoot up and just let me be!” Sam gave Annette the heroin and left her to go and sleep. Annette walked into her room and sat on the bed.  She could not understand how her daddy could do this to her. “Here’s to you, daddy!” as she stuck the needle in her arm and pushed the heroin into her veins. Annette drifted off into a world where her dad and mom still loved her and where all her dreams became reality, where she was a singer and lived in the smartest houses and hotels and where the men in her life loved her and treated her like a princess.
She woke up two hours later feeling much better than the morning at her parents’ house. As usual Sam could not wait for her to be awake and he just went on screwing her while she was on her trip. She did not worry or care because it was only her body he abused like that and she would not even have noticed if it was not for the residue on the sheets and her legs she could see and smell. Annette took her book of appointments and got into the bath. “Okay...” she said to herself, “Let’s see, mmmm okay I have five appointments tonight and the new rate we charge will make us lots of money. I then have the rest of the night to myself, nice!”  
She needed to go to the clinic down the street the next morning because she felt sick and nauseous when she woke up in the mornings and had severe heartburn when eating certain spicy foods. She did not know if it was because of the drugs or from a bug she might have picked up from one of her customers. After night shift, as she called it, she got home and handed over the money to Sam. “Nice girl! Our new rates will have us in a big house one of these days. The other girls are also picking up, so baby we are going to be rich one of these days!” Annette was very tired and after a night like she had, with extremely demanding clients, she fell into her bed took off her clothes and left for her dream world where everything was perfect and in place as it was meant to be. 
The next morning Annette took a bath and got dressed in her jeans, t-shirt and sneakers. She walked down to the clinic. “Good morning sister! May I please see the doctor?” The sister looked at Annette. “I see that you are still using Annette! You know the policy; we cannot help if you are not clean or want to get clean so we can send you away!” Annette grinned at her. “I know sister, but I think I have a tummy bug...” The sister looked at her. “You sure you are not pregnant Annette? Do you use condoms?” Annette laughed, “Of course I use condoms! When last did I come here for an injection to stop the one or other thing I have picked up?” “Well Annette, let me draw some blood and I will send it away for tests. Come back in five days time for the results. In the mean time here is some syrup that might help!” Annette took the syrup and walked out. “See you then sister!”
It was five days to the hour that Annette walked into the clinic. “Sister thanks for the syrup.  It has helped me… and speaking of help, what did my results say?” The sister took the results and gave it to Annette. “You are pregnant Annette!” Annette fell to her knees in shock. “How is that possible? I have been so careful using condoms!” Then she remembered her wake-up sessions where Sam had his way without any protection. “Not again, not again!” she cried. As Annette walked back to the flat, she wondered how she would tell Sam.
Sam passed Annette in his car and picked her up. “And where are you walking to Annette? Should you not be at home sleeping?” Annette gave him a sheepish look. “Yes Sam, sorry Sam!” Sam took her home and Annette went to sleep. Annette woke up in time for night shift and decided to tell him. “Sam I need to talk to you.” Sam looked at her. “Not more drugs baby, you need to go to work.” “Sam, it’s not about drugs or work. I am pregnant and it is your baby!” Sam laughed. “You little slut! You are having sex with every man and his dog and now it is mine?” Annette looked at him with shock. “Yes yours! You are the only idiot that have sex with me without protection! Nobody touches me without a condom and you know that!” Sam looked at Annette with absolute contempt and it was as if she looked into Squeals eyes all over again. “So when did this so called act happen? I cannot remember any of it Annette!” Fear rolled through Annette in waves. “Sam baby calm down, it is yours because when I wake up I am wet and full of juice!” Sam knew he was caught out. “Sammy baby, we are going to be a mommy and daddy!” The anger in Sam boiled over and all he saw was the money that they would lose. “You always say you are on the pill, what happened?” “Sam you know that I am allergic to the damn things, that is why I began using condoms you asshole! Why could you not use a condom, hey big man?” The anger in Sam erupted. “Because slut, I do not like to eat my candy with the wrapper on!”
He grabbed Annette and threw her against the wall. “You will work or I will kill you bitch! I cannot afford to lose your money now! I have a big drug deal coming down in the next two months and I need the money! You hear me slut!” Annette scurried to the corner. “Yes baby! Please calm down!” What happened next would let Squeal’s evening look like a picnic to Annette. Sam picked her up and hit her with his fists, when she was down on the ground he would kick her in her face and stomach and when she was up he would hit her with his fist and head again. Annette blacked out from all the punishment as Sam had his way with her. 
Lucky for Annette, a neighbour came and stopped the madness. Her neighbour, a police officer, quickly subdued Sam and arrested him for this despicable act. He called for an ambulance to rush Annette to the hospital before he took Sam to the police station down the road.  Annette was rushed to Kimberley Hospital were Doctor Mustard awaited the young girl that was called in as critically injured. They rolled Annette into the emergency room and put her on oxygen. Doctor Mustard came running in and was shocked to see Annette on his table again. She was broken and had six ribs protruding out of her chest area, her jaw was broken in three places and her cheekbone crushed. “My God, what happened?” The police told him that Annette’s boyfriend Sam went ballistic and nearly killed her. Lucky for Annette, she had some heroin in her, which relaxed her body; otherwise she would not have survived the beating. Doctor Mustard once again cleaned Annette up and put her back together piece by piece. Annette was pushed into the recovery room after Doctor Mustard was done wiring her teeth, jaw and ribs together to allow it to heal. Inspector Venter put some police protection outside her room, just in case some of Sam’s henchmen decided to come and finish the job.
The phone rang at Annette’s parents’ house. “Leonard speaking here, how can I help?” Doctor Mustard was impressed with the young man’s manners. “Leonard, may I please speak with your Grandpa or Grandma?” “Yes sir, I will call them. Grandpa! Grandma! It’s Doctor Mustard on the phone for you!” John looked at Marie. “Wonder what he wants? Doc, how can I help you?” “John it’s about Annette!” “What about her Doc?” “She is in intensive care. Sam, her boyfriend, beat her within an inch of her life! She is a drug addict if the tracks on her arms are anything to go by, but I don’t know what drugs she uses, do you know? This in itself is a problem, because if she does make the night she is going to pray she did pass on when she starts drying out, but if we do not know what to treat her for, it may become a major health issue. Can you come in, because I cannot go ahead without your permission or knowing what drug or drugs she uses?” “Doc I am there in a few minutes. I just need to go to Inspector Venter before I come in, but keep her under sedation till I am there and we can decide, okay?” “Will do John, will do and as I have said many years back, you and Marie must pray!” Marie saw the anger and heartbreak in John’s eyes; she could hear his voice breaking in some places. “John, what’s wrong with Annette?” John looked at her. “She is in hospital again Marie! Sam beat her up so badly that the doc fears for her life! I am going to Inspector Venter now to ask a few questions of my own and then will go to the hospital. You and Leonard stay home and pray for Annette. If Leonard asks, tell him his mommy was in an accident! Okay?” Marie fell into John’s arms, “Go now John, Leonard and I will pray for his mommy!” 
Leonard, now wide eyed, looked at Marie. “Grandma, what’s wrong? Why are you and grandpa crying?” Marie put up a brave face. “Ag my boy, your mommy is in the hospital and she has been hurt badly, that’s all. I am worried about her, but you remember at the last Sunday school we learned that when we pray to God he hears us and helps us?” Leonard nodded. “Yes Grandma.” “Well my boy this is one of those moments where we need to pray. Will you pray for us my boy?” Leonard’s eyes filled with tears because he loved his mommy even though she did not want to see or play with him. “Yes grandma, I will. Hallo Jesus, it is Leonard here! My mommy is in hospital God, and grandma says she is a bit hurt. I ask you Jesus to look after mommy and make her better. Amen. O, o yes Jesus please, please make mommy love me again! Amen”
John arrived at the police station. “Inspector Venter, where is that piece of scum? I have the need to talk to him and ask him a few important questions!” Inspector Venter smiled. “I thought as much. Let’s say he is in room 315 and let’s say you have five minutes with him to ask those questions. You know the floor is extremely slippery around here. Just one thing John, don’t kill him, okay!” John smiled, “He will not have the privilege to die Inspector. He will pay every day of his life for this!” John walked into room 315. “Hello Sammy boy, you big man! Hear you like hitting women! You are a strong man that picks on weak girls and then hit them into the hospital. Now here is a man in front of you, come hit me, try your luck boy!” Sam looked at the old man smiling. “Yes and if I hit you I have another assault case against me? No way, old man.” John walked to him. “I promise you, no case will be lodged against you from my side! Now you little weasel, let’s go!” Sam pushed John away and laughed at him. 
This was enough provocation for John and he hit Sam with a right hook so hard that you could hear the teeth in Sam’s mouth break. Sam fell to the ground. “OUCH! Please sir, no more! Who are you and what do you have to do with me?” “I am Annette’s father you moron! My daughter is on drugs, I want to know what type?” Sam, still spitting out the blood and teeth from his mouth, mumbled. “She is on heroin old man! O, just so you know, she will become a mommy again and that little bastard is mine! We will be family one of these days!” John felt as if someone pushed a knife through his heart. “You piece of scum!” John could not restrain himself any further and kicked Sam as if he was a soccer ball.  Inspector Venter had to step in and pull John off Sam, “Enough now John the rest I will do!”
John left the police station screaming. “God if you still listen to me; why? Why did you do this to Annette again? Did she not endure enough in her life? You say you are a just God. Explain to me, come on I am waiting!” John shook his fist in the air as the rage and tears spilled out of his soul. John got in his car and switched it on to drive to the hospital. There was a knock on his window, “Good afternoon sir, my name is Jonas. I am so hungry my boss, please can you help me?” “Listen here Jonas, go work for your money there is no freebees in life!” “Please my boss?” John saw a two rand coin in his car. “Here just get out of my way; I need to get to the hospital.” Jonas looked at this angry man, “I know my boss, but she will be okay! God has sent His angels to watch over her and He says He hears you!” John missed everything Jonas said and sped off.
John arrived at the hospital. “Okay Doctor Mustard, here is what I found out from that useless piece of human skin calling himself her boyfriend. Annette is using heroin and she found out she is pregnant with his baby today.  I think that it may complicate things a bit?” Doctor Mustard looked at John in shock. “Okay that is a big problem. If we dry her out she may lose her baby, if we wean her slowly the baby may experience withdrawal symptoms after he or she is born. The question is which one is the lesser evil.” John answered with a stern face, “Doc, you decide, I will back you up either way and if she loses the baby, so be it! Annette is the important one here, okay?” Doctor Mustard nodded in agreement.
Doctor Mustard decided to take the most direct route possible. He locked her in a padded room and left her to dry out. It felt to Annette as if hell erupted in her body. The pain of her injuries were unbearable, adding to the pain in her back and body that was killing her as her body craved for more heroin. The wire in her mouth crawled around like a snake trying to strangle her while the fire in her veins and brain cooked every sell it could get hold off. At times she would cry without reason and the next she would try and knock a hole in the padded wall with her head. She had no control over her body and she wet herself constantly. The worst was the fevers she would get, the cold fever would make her shiver so bad that it would look like she had some kind of seizure and when the heat came she would sweat like she walked in the desert in the middle of the summer in a heat wave. After what felt like an eternity the withdrawal got better and Doctor Mustard took her out of the withdrawal room. Her jaw was still wired and her food was liquidised so she could drink it through a straw, but Annette felt better than she ever did in her life. Everything looked brighter and smelled better and her body was her own.
Inspector Venter walked into her room. “Hi Annette, I trust you feel better. Okay here is the thing, I know you cannot talk, so I will ask the questions and you show me with your thumb up for yes and down for no, okay?” Annette picked up her thumb and showed yes. “Okay, Sam beat you badly my girl and we have laid charges against him?” Annette looked at the inspector like he was a mad man and thought to herself: “You’re mad! Sam would kill me when he gets out!” She picked up her thumb and pointed it down. “Okay, I don’t understand now? He beat you so bad and had you on drugs! Why don’t you want to press charges?” Annette asked for a piece of paper and a pen. “Inspector, no charges! He will kill me and if he does not do it, his henchmen will! I will not go to court nor will I be a witness! My life may be crap, but I don’t want to die now!” Inspector Venter was dumb founded by Annette’s stance. He did not understand the fear Annette had for Sam. “Okay Annette, you have just freed a future murderer, but let’s say next time he will think twice before he does something like this again, that I promise you!”
Annette did not understand what the inspector meant but she knew that Sam would not be the same. Inspector Venter phoned one of his constables, “Okay Jack, we have to release him she is unwilling to go to court, but you know what to do with him. Give him what we normally give guys like him, you know, some special treatment and drop him in Upington when it’s done, okay?” The constable confirmed the order and put down the phone. It would be six months before Sam would appear in Kimberley again. He walked with a distinct limp and his fingers were skew after being broken.
John was called to the hospital twenty one days after Annette was rushed to the emergency room, “John, Annette is ready to go home, but we need to know where home is. She is still pregnant, with no damage to the baby and she is clean. In our talks and sessions she has voiced her hurt about Leonard and how she is afraid to ask for your help. I am here to ask you to talk to Marie to give her a chance.” John smiled thankfully. “Doc, I need to talk to Marie and will let you know tomorrow morning what the outcome is, okay?” Doctor Mustard agreed and John left for home. John arrived home with excitement in his heart. “Marie, please come here!” Marie came into the living room. “Yes John?  What did the doctor say?” John looked at her. “Marie, she can come home, but Annette is unwilling to make the move home without us talking and inviting her.” Marie smiled. “John, she is welcome, but you know the rules around Leonard and if she can stick to them, she is more than welcome. Jillian and I have had a talk while you were gone and she told me that she will be moving out soon to move in with Jan. Annette can then take the flat and until then, Leonard can live with Jillian for the next month and we can then all live in the house.”
John was surprised and full of joy at the same time. “Well that is good news! When is Jillian getting married again, because that was our conditions to Jan, remember?” “John, they will be married on new year’s morning, just after midnight, to signal the new beginning in their lives.” “Marie!  That is good news! Well then, so be it, I will let Doctor Mustard know we need to talk to Annette to lay down the rules.” Leonard was so excited, he heard every word his grandpa and grandma said and could not wait for his mommy to come back, “I will be the best little boy for my mommy!” Leonard could not sleep that night and thought about how he and his mommy would talk, play and how she would play with his hair when it was time to go to sleep.
John phoned Doctor Mustard the next morning. “Okay Doc, home with us is the answer, but we would like to talk to Annette to lay down the rules. If she agrees, no problem, but if not, well, we will have a problem. Can we make the meeting around ten ’o clock?” Doctor Mustard agreed. John and Marie arrived at the hospital and walked up to ward ten where Annette was staying. Doctor Mustard met them in the hallway. “Okay you two, Annette’s jaw is wired shut so she cannot speak and it will only be taken off in January. You can talk to her and she will write back. That okay?” John and Marie smiled. “For once we can talk and she has to listen without screaming back!”
John and Marie walked into the room. “Hallo my girl!” Annette jumped up and ran to John, she cried and hugged and kissed him. She turned to Marie and put her arms around her mother and sobbed, “It’s okay my girl, all is forgiven.  I always loved you my baby, although I did not agreed with what you did. You are welcome home baby!” John, Marie and Annette sat down’. “Okay Annette, we have spoken and have agreed that you can come home, but we have a few rules. One, is that you cannot use any drugs of any sort again. Two, your boyfriend Sam will not come near the house. Three, when your baby comes, she will be living with us and Leonard. Four, Leonard is a beautiful little boy who loves you with everything he has, even though you have thrown him away. He is the most important person in our house and if you cannot be with him, you will not hurt him in any way, understood?” Annette nodded and wrote, “Agreed daddy! I may not understand how you can love this little boy above me, but I will accept the rules.” Doctor Mustard smiled, “Okay then Annette, you are free to go! Enjoy your new life; remember each day is a new start.” John picked up Annette’s bags as they all left for home.
Leonard could not wait for them to come home! He had the coffee ready and some cake and looked through the window, checking the road, running back to make sure the kettle had water in it. Eventually he heard the car in the driveway. “Yippee. My mommy is home!” John and Marie walked into the house and before they could stop Leonard, he ran past them and grabbed Annette. “My mommy you are okay! I love you so much!” John had to pull Leonard off Annette. “Okay my boy, two quick things, mommy is still a bit sick and two, you need to give her some time to get use to us. She is not use to a little boy, so take it slow okay.” “Yes grandpa. When can we play then?” “Will take a little while, but it will come right okay. You remember how grandpa took a little time to get to know you?” “Yes grandpa! Will she also hit me?” John smiled, “No my boy, she promised not to and you know what....” Leonard looked at John with big wide eyes as if he was about to hear a big secret, “What Grandpa?” “Your mommy loves you although she does not know it yet!” This confused Leonard a little but the word love in John’s sentence overruled all his emotions.
Annette healed very quickly and even picked up some weight. It was Christmas and time for the family to reflect on the year. Jillian was getting ready to move out and the Christmas turkey was in the oven. Jillian did not trust Annette too much with Leonard, but could see that Annette made some effort to play with him. Christmas Eve was Leonard’s favourite time. “Come on grandpa! I want my presents!” John smiled and called everybody together. “Okay Leonard, its time!” John sat down and first read from the Bible, the Christmas story. He explained how the presents that was given every Christmas was to symbolize how God gave his Son to the world as a present. John smiled, “Let us pray, Heavenly Father, thank you for your grace. Thank you that you have brought my daughter back to us and that you have answered Leonard’s prayer to give him his mommy back. Thank you Lord that you have healed Jan and Jillian’s lives and Lord, thank you for your son Jesus that came to this world to heal and save us. Bless us now Father as we enjoy the rest of this night in your son Jesus Christ's name. Amen!” Leonard was the first to run to his presents, “Leonard my boy, sit down and I will give it to you.” Leonard was out of his skin, “Grandpa I want to give my presents first, that’s all!” John was caught by surprise, “Okay my boy, you go!” Leonard took out five envelopes one for each member of his family. John opened and read his out loud, “Grandpa, this letter is for the bestest grandpa in the world! Thank you for all my presents I will look after it all. O yes, I love you very, very much! Love Leonard” John took his little boy in his arms and kissed him, “You are my boy!” Marie took her letter and started crying. In her letter there was a picture Leonard drew with hearts and smiling faces with a big, “I LOVE YOU GRANDMA.”
Jillian read her letter: “My mommy, thank you for looking after me while my real mommy was gone. You and Uncle Jan will get married in only one week and I know that you will be moving out. I am going to miss you, but I know you will only be next door! I love you mommy and hope you and Uncle Jan will be very happy. Love Leonard!” Annette was too scared to open her letter and wrote that she would read it later. The last one was to his little baby brother or sister. “Hi my brother or sister. It is Christmas now and you are missing out, but next Christmas you are here and then you and me will play, promise! I cannot wait for you and promise I will look after you! Love you! Your big brother, Leonard!”
The rest of the presents looked small in comparison with what this little boy gave to them, even though it was only letters. Annette walked to her room and closed the door. She opened the letter: “My mommy, thank you that you came back to me. Thank you that you don’t hit me anymore. I just wanted to say that I will be the bestest boy in the world and always remember I love you!” The tears rolled down Annette’s cheeks. “How can this little boy love me? I beat him and hurt him so bad, yet he is back day after day rubbing my feet and bringing me my food. Why?” It took Annette some time to understand and accept the love that this little boy had for her.
Jillian got married on the first of January at fifteen minutes past midnight. She and Jan left on their honeymoon for three weeks. This was the signal for Leonard that his big school life would begin and that he now was a real big boy. On his first day Grandpa took a film of him in his new school clothes and his book case, he looked like a real business man, ready for school business. 
Leonard found school to be boring and he would look out of the window while Miss Zaaiman would teach class. She would test him and eventually would give him more advanced work just to keep him occupied. Leonard had an eye for the girls and Miss Zaaiman's daughter, Serante, was one girl he liked. He would write her little letters and would take her apples. Serante, being only seven, did not understand why this yucky boy did all of this. One day Leonard went to the bathroom at his school, as he was coming out, Sarante and a friend came out off class to go for music lessons. Leonard could not let this opportunity go by and hid behind the wall. As Serante walked past he jumped up and kissed her on her mouth and ran away. I think the rhyme ‘Georgie Porgy pudding and pie...’ was written that day…
Leonard worked hard and did well in school. He was so tired when he got home from school that he had no time to play. Leonard’s constant companion, Crazy Eye, would also come out to play at school sometimes. He would get angry at the teachers when they told him to keep quiet or would send him to the headmaster for not doing his homework. The headmaster would then phone Annette to come to the school and she would then tell the headmaster to give him a hiding. To Annette it was a schlep to look after Leonard. She sort off liked him, but could never get past him being Squeal’s child. If only things happened differently, she was sure she would be able to love him. Leonard breezed through his Sub A and it was in June of that year that Leonard’s little sister was born. Liza Botha was born on the 25th of June 1977. Leonard was so impressed with his little sister that he would go to school and tell Miss Zaaiman, “Teacher, my little sister is beautiful. Her feet are as big as half my hand and you must see her face! She looks like my mommy! Teacher will you come and look!” Miss Zaaiman would smile, “Yes Leonard I will come and look.”
Miss Zaaiman came for a visit at home just to get Leonard to stop nagging her and told John and Marie about how Leonard kissed her daughter. Leonard was embarrassed about it and Grandpa John did not make it any easier by teasing him. Leonard passed Sub A with all A’s on his report. He breezed through Sub B and Standard 1. It was in Standard 2 that Leonard’s problems started. One day Annette came to fetch him from school. “Okay Leonard, your little sister needs to go to the hospital for her check up and injections. I am going to take you home and leave you there for about 45 minutes, okay?” Leonard smiled. “Can’t I go with mommy? I promise I will be good.” “Well okay Leonard, but only if you will be quiet.” “Promise mommy, yippee!”
They arrived at the hospital. “Okay Leonard, now sit in this chair and wait while I am at the doctor with your sister.” Annette did not see Sam in the waiting room as she walked in. Sam moved closer to Leonard. “Your mom is strict hey? Here is a sweet for you!” Leonard shook his head, “Sorry sir, my Grandpa says that I am not allowed to take sweets from strangers!” Sam smiled, “Well they are right, but I am not a stranger I am your sister’s daddy. Come with me and I will tell you everything, your mommy asked me to be here to talk about your little sister and also see my girl. So while we wait, let’s walk around and see what we can find. I am sure she would not mind!” Leonard trusted Sam when he said that he was his little sister’s daddy. What happened after that nobody knew, but Sam came running into the Doctor’s room. “Annette, quickly, Leonard fell down the stairs!” Annette did not expect Sam there and knew just what he was capable off. She ran down the stairs with Doctor Mustard. “Leonard my boy, are you okay? Leonard where are you?” They found the little boy at the bottom of the stairs. How he got there one can only guess. His head was bleeding and he was barely breathing.
“Doctor please help him, please!” Doctor Mustard scooped Leonard up after first checking for broken bones. “Let’s go Annette! Call your mom and dad, now!” Annette ran to the office and grabbed the phone. “Dad come quick, Leonard fell down the steps, please daddy!” John called Marie. “Marie lets go, its Leonard!” Marie ran out the house. “What about Leonard?” “Leonard went with Annette to the doctors and fell down some steps. I could not understand Annette, but what I gather is that he got hurt badly.” They arrived at the hospital and ran to the emergency room. “Doctor Mustard!” screamed John. Doctor Mustard came out of the procedure room, “John, thank you for coming so quickly, lucky for us Leonard only got a knock against his head. He has a bad concussion and is still in a semi comatose state. I reckon he will be okay, but we need to do some tests within the next 48 hours to see if he has any brain damage.” 
John turned to Marie. “Thank God he is okay!” Annette came around the corner with Liza on her hip, “Daddy I am so, so sorry! I told him to stay in his chair and wait for me, but it looks like he went walking with Sam....” “With Sam!” Screamed John, “Where is that piece of scum?!” Sam came out behind the door. “Old man, it was an accident! I just wanted to see my daughter because I am not allowed close to the house! Leonard ran and fell on his knees to show me how far he could slide on the hospitals shiny floors. He miss calculated the distance to the stairs and fell down them before I could stop him. I may have been a bad person many moons ago, but after your friends gave me a wake-up call, I changed! All my business is legal and I may have been lots of things, but a child? Give me some credit!”
John looked at him. “You better hope it’s the truth! If Leonard only hint in the way that you had something to do with this, I personally will kill you!” “Sam, let’s go before my dad hits you!” called Annette. Sam looked at his little girl, “Annette, please talk to your father, I want to see my little girl. I promise to behave and will see her only when he is present. Please be a doll and ask?” Annette smiled, “Sam, you nearly killed me, but I have actually learned something from my boy Leonard. I forgive you and will talk to my dad, but I cannot promise you anything.” “Thank you Annette, that’s all I ask.”
That evening at home, John, Marie and Annette had a fight that could have been classed as the war of the worlds. It got so bad that John ended up slapping Annette and chasing her back to her flat in the back of the yard. In his books it was Annette’s fault that Leonard got hurt. “She should have brought him home Marie! She knew Sam would be there! How can she be so stupid Marie?” Marie looked at John with anger in her heart, “What makes you better than Sam now John? You slap her when she talks to you, even when she says she is sorry, you still slap her. You know Leonard slides on his knees in the hospital halls; heaven knows we have thrown away enough clothes that got torn that way! Now you go back there and apologise, you bully!” John realized that his wife was right. He took Liza on his arm as if to use her as a shield to protect him. “Marie! She’s gone!” Marie stormed out, “What did you say?” “She’s gone Marie. I must find her! Take Liza, I will see you when I find her.” John looked everywhere for Annette, even at Sam’s house, “Sam, Annette is gone, can you help please?” Sam smiled, “Yes old man I will help, but not because you asked, because of my little girl! O yes, then the little matter of seeing Liza...” John looked at Sam with disgust, “You want to bargain at a time like this?” “Old man what’s fair is fair, your girl for mine!” John smiled, “Okay you can see her, but under my watchful eye!” Sam smiled and picked up the phone, “Evening Judas, Annette is missing, find her please!” Judas was Sam’s new assistant who ran the not so legitimate side of Sam’s operation. “Okay boss, I will spread the word!” “John, go home! I will bring her home! If Judas can’t find her, no one can! I promise if she is hurt I will take her to the hospital and let you know, otherwise I will drop her at your door! O and remember our deal old timer!” John smiled, “I am a man of my word scum, just bring Annette home!”
John drove home when he remembered the old man at the police station and his words to him, “Boss, God hears you and sees Annette, and he will look after her!” John looked up to the sky, “God, I leave her and Leonard in your arms, look after them please!” John arrived home, “Marie, Sam is helping. I know what you want to say, but he knows the streets and his people are looking.” Marie smiled back at him, “Actually no, that’s not what I wanted to ask, but can I make you some coffee?” John smiled, “Marie you know you are my pillar of strength and the light of my life! Yes please, it will be nice.”
The phone rang, “John, its Sam here, we found her! She was in one of her old shoot up dens. Unfortunately she used some heroin again. I am not sure, but it looks like she shared a needle. What do you want me to do?” John paused a few moments, “Bring her home! We will clean her up here and look after her.” It was just after ten ’o clock that evening when Sam arrived at Annette’s parents home, “John you may need to let the doctors test for some transmitted diseases or something like that, I am sure she shared the needle, okay?” John nodded, “Thank you Sam, see you tomorrow, maybe it is true that a bad person can change!”
Leonard was drifting in a sea of angels and butterflies when Lucifer came to talk to him. “O my boy, you got hurt I see!” Leonard, still a bit shaken looked at him, “Yes sir but I am feeling better, just my head hurts!” “O my boy it’s part of growing up! I needed to talk to you a bit so I made the floor extra slippery, you liked it?” Leonard still confused, “Not really, because I got hurt. If you like me why do you hurt me?” Lucifer hissed, “Because that is what you are use to! Your mommy is one of them and she is bad! Your grandpa only likes you because your grandma tells him too! Jillian only comes and sees you every other week, so you tell me!” Leonard got angry at this dark thing, “Go away you ugly thing! My mommy, Grandpa and Jillian loves me! You are a liar, you bad man! I never ever want to see you again!” Lucifer burst out in anger, “You little bastard! Now I am not good enough, now that you have everything you wanted! Well surprise, surprise, you are just like your old man! Well let me change that for you! Your mommy will die one of these days and you can kiss your grandma goodbye as well! O just so you know, school won’t be that easy either! Let’s see where you get without my good graces!” Leonard smiled at him, “My grandma taught me: He that is in me is greater than he who is in the world! She also said: Resist the Devil and he must flee! For some or other reason I feel that that is about you, so go now!” Lucifer was stunned by this reaction, “As your dad saw my words come true boy, so will you and then you will believe in me as he did!”
Leonard woke up the next morning with a head that felt as big as a soccer ball. “Morning Leonard!” said Doctor Mustard, “Welcome back my boy! We all had a bit of a fright with you falling down the stairs. You feel okay?” Leonard smiled, “Yes Doctor Mustard my head hurts but I am okay I think.” “Okay sounds good. In a few minutes the sister is going to bring you some things to do! Do it the best you can and then we will talk later?” “Okay doctor, is it a test? Just remember I have not studied for it okay!” Doctor Mustard smiled, “Yes it is a test but you don’t have to learn for it, just do your best!” “Okay Doctor I will!” said Leonard wondering what test he was going to do which he did not have to learn for.
John and Marie got to the hospital just as Doctor Mustard got the results. “O, you’re just in time John. We did some preliminary tests on Leonard. It would seem that Leonard has kept something from the fall. It is early to say what the effects may be, but it would seem that his brain activity is scrambled in a small area. This may cause lack of concentration for long periods of time and also may affect his ability to spell properly. On the other side, it may be just for the short term until he has healed fully! Lucky for him school is only starting in two weeks time again, so talk to his teachers and if we need to, we can arrange a therapist to help!” John and Marie smiled, “At least Doc he is okay, and the rest we can work on! One thing Doc, Annette has gone on a binge of heroin last night after a big fight. We have her comfortable and Jillian is with her, what else can we do? We also think she used a shared needle, is there something we can give her to prevent any illnesses?” Doctor Mustard smiled, “Here is a prescription for Penicillin. Let her finish the prescription and she will be okay. For the rest, plenty of water and lots of rest and make sure she does not relapse again, because we will lose her forever.” John picked up the prescription at the hospital pharmacy and left for home. It was two days before they could get Leonard. 
Two weeks later Leonard returned to school and John and Marie talked to all his teachers. They looked after Leonard as if he was their own, but the damage was direct and immediate. Leonard’s spelling and memory was affected, he would sometimes have all the answers right to a test but due to his spelling lose half his marks. Sometimes he could not remember dates and answers to the questions, but after the test he would answer all the questions. He passed his exams but his year marks showed his problems.
It was in standard 4 that Annette questioned him on some history when he could not spell the word, commander. She was frustrated after she got sick again and just could not get rid of the bug. Her whole body aced with the flue and she felt like death. She started yelling at Leonard, calling him Squeal and the seed of Satan. She picked up Liza's plastic golfing clubs and beat Leonard with it. Lucky for Leonard, Jillian came in when that happened and took the clubs one by one and cut them up. I think Leonard was the only little boy that was given a hiding with a full set of golf clubs, all be it plastic clubs. Jillian told Leonard to go to Grandpa John. “Annette, why do you do this? That little boy you beat so hard has got a problem and now he has two. His head got hurt two years back and now his mom hits him again! You have no right Annette, no right!” Annette passed out, “John, come quick Annette has passed out!” John picked Annette up and put her in his car. He was surprised at how light Annette was. He drove to the hospital where Doctor Mustard waited. “Doc what’s wrong? She uses no drugs and eats like a beast but she is only bones!” Doctor Mustard ordered a battery of tests and booked her into Intensive Care. “John she is stable for now. We have her on a drip with antibiotics. It looks like a bad flu, but the tests will show us more! I think let’s wait for the tests before we make any assumptions.” John agreed and left for home.
The next morning Doctor Mustard phoned to tell them that the tests showed flu as the culprit but what concerned him was that Annette’s CD4 count was below 150. They could not explain it but was in the process of more tests. Doctor Mustard phoned the next morning, “Okay John, we have got her CD4 count going up again, but I have referred this to a specialist I know in the United States for some help. Hope it is okay with you.” John started crying, “What else will happen to my little girl Doc!” It was several months before Annette would leave the hospital. They did not know why she could not get her CD4 count above 150. They thought it was some or other tropical virus that breaks down the immune system and they could not risk infection.
Leonard grew to a beautiful young man and for him the end of standard 5 could not come fast enough. The reason for this was his Afrikaans teacher Jan, Jillian’s husband. He liked to pick on Leonard, especially when his wife Jillian gave him grief at home. On such days he always liked a quick pop quiz spelling contests. He loved to give Leonard the big words and then would stand behind him with his cane and hit Leonard every time he miss spelled the word. Leonard stood crying before the class for days on end with Jan screaming at him, “Come on, you useless little bastard! Nobody is here to protect you now!” 
Jan would also warn Leonard that if he told anybody about this, that he would make sure that Leonard would fail standard five and that he would have another year to make his life miserable. The end of the year came mercifully that sixth of December 1982. Leonard passed Standard 5 with an average of 63% a far cry from the 80% plus average he had end of Standard 2. He was at least done and happy. 
“Leonard, Grandpa and I am so proud of you my boy!” as Marie hugged him.”We are going on our first holiday in Knysna at the sea and you and Grandpa are going to catch us some sea fish! Your mom has her last doctor’s appointment tomorrow and then we are off!” Leonard could not wait and was dreaming about the big fish in the sea long before his bedtime.
John and Annette left for Doctor Mustard’s rooms early the next morning. “Hello Doc, we are going to Knysna tomorrow morning. We have lots to do so let’s make it quick!” Doctor Mustard looked at John very concerned, “John, Annette my colleague in America has come back to me on Annette’s condition. She has a virus that is killing off her immune system; this means that all those times she came into hospital because of a common cold that nearly killed her, the reason was this virus. I have to say upfront that there is no cure for it and unlike the flu virus in a normal person, this virus the body can’t fight. We did some tests a week or so ago...” Annette looked scared, “Doc what causes this? Am I going to die? No medicine? What the hell?” Doctor Mustard looked down to the ground to hide his tears, “Annette I think you got it that night when you shared that needle! I am so sorry. As I understand it, you will not die of the virus but because it takes away your body’s ability to fight off infection, it is more than likely that a common cold or simple flue will kill you. We can treat the other sickness but not your virus.”
“Annette, I am sorry to say this to you, but you my girl have full blown Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome, in short, AIDS!”


~~~~


Chapter 6 - Almost Human

It was as if the world stopped for a few seconds to offload passengers and pick up new ones. “Doc, no treatment?” John asked shocked. “Unfortunately John this illness is extremely new and although there is research on the go, as we speak, they don’t even know where it comes from. It is impossible to isolate the virus because it changes form and attack the white blood cells to destroy your immune system. This is also the reason why the medicine that has been developed does not work. I am sorry to give you this news just before your vacation.”
“Okay Doc, how do we fight it?” John asked with tears flowing down his cheeks. “Well John as I have it, lots of good fresh foods, keep warm and stay away from sick people. This will help to stabilize the CD4 count. The biggest risk for Annette is infections, so watch out. The other thing is you can get it from Annette by working with her blood if you have open cuts that come in contact with her blood, blood transfusions, sharing drug needles and sex. If she starts bleeding, do not touch the blood, rather rap it in a towel and bring her in so we can help her.”
“Last question Doc, how long does my baby girl have left to live?” Doctor Mustard looked at Annette and John shrugging his shoulders, “I don’t know John. We don’t know how long she has had this virus, but the life expectancy is between seven and ten years depending on the lifestyle. We in the medical profession just don’t know enough about this virus, but as I learn more I will inform you. My best advice for now is go on the holiday and go and enjoy yourself. If Annette looks like she is getting a fever take her to the nearest hospital, okay? O and enjoy the time together and make the most of it!”
I could see the heartbreak and pain in John and Annette’s eyes. John walked to Annette and picked her up from her chair, he could feel the anger of years gone by and the hurt she kept guarded in her soul. He could feel the heaviness in her body and the regret of so many years wasted on anger and pain, “Hey my baby girl we will be okay! We will fight this virus tooth and nail and we will win, okay.”
Annette folded into her dad’s arms, it was as if 29 years of collecting the sorrow, pain and anger dammed up in her soul and that this was the last drop that broke the dam wall. Annette’s legs gave in and John had to slowly sit her down on the floor, with him still holding her. She cried until there were no more tears to cry. 
John and Annette walked out of the hospital with an emptiness in their hearts and souls that could fit all of the water from the oceans of this earth. “Daddy, I am so tired!” Annette whispered in the car. “In my life I have paid over and over for one stupid mistake in my teen years! How much more daddy?” John looked at Annette, “My baby girl I have asked that question to God, your mom and many other people with no answer. I don’t know my baby girl, I just don’t know.”
Marie and Leonard were so excited to go to Knysna that they packed the entire caravan before John and Annette returned. As John and Annette stopped, Marie could see the clouds of despair hanging over the heads of Annette and John, “Hey you two, what did the doc say?” John climbed out of the car and pulled Marie close to him, “Doctor Mustard says Annette has got AIDS and that she is going to die!” Marie nearly fainted and held on to John to regain her balance. Marie looked at Annette and grabbed her by the arm as Annette tried to walk past, “Baby girl, come here!” Annette stumbled over her feet to keep up with the force that Marie pulled her closer and found herself in her family’s arms of protection and love. 
Leonard could see that something was not right and ran closer, “Mommy you okay?” Annette wanted to give him a smack just for asking, but saw in that moment, for the first time in her life, the love that this boy had for her. His big blue eyes engulfed her and she kneeled down and grab him, “My boy for so many years I mistreated you, abusing you to the point where I nearly lost you and every time you came back for more, to show me how much you love me. I don’t know why you did this for me, but I thank God that you did. Mommy is a bit sick but we will win this! Grandpa and I know what to do so we will fight with all our might and all you need to do is pray for me, okay!” This news brought tears to Leonard’s eyes, “Mommy, are you going to die?” “Not now my boy, not now!”
Liza came running from the house, “Yippee, we are going to the sea! Yippee!” She was totally unaware of the news. This was maybe a blessing in disguise and the mood lifted because of this little spark of excitement that came running into the darkness of the moment. John looked at everybody, still with a tear in his eye, “Hey you guys have you finished packing?” Marie and Leonard laughed, “O yes Grandpa we can go now if we want to!” John looked at Annette and Marie, “Okay let’s hook up and leave early, we can sleep over in Hanover and then in Oudtshoorn the next night. We can go to the Cango Caves and ride the ostriches on the Safari Farm. Who’s in?” The excitement rushed over them and for a little while they forgot about the news and what could happen with Annette if she fell sick again.
They left that morning at about eleven o’clock. The caravan was heavy with everything that was packed away and their Mercedes Benz C200 could not go faster than 80km/h. It was hot as they started to enter the Karoo near Koffiefontein. They eventually arrived in Hanover at around seven o’ clock that night. Lucky for them they found a hotel that could accommodate them for the night and John bought them some russians, chips, bread and milk for dinner. This was normally their Sunday evening treat at home, but tonight was special because they were on holiday. 
Leonard and Liza were so tired that they fell asleep while they were still eating. It was so funny to see Liza bite a chip with her eyes closing and her face going forward and backwards as she tried to put the chip in her mouth. Leonard said he was just resting his head on the table and before he knew it, he was catching the big fish in Knysna. John, Marie and Annette, still reeling from earlier that day, decided that the best way forward for now was to enjoy this holiday and when they get home, decide on a battle plan for the future. 
The next morning came too soon for the grownups with Leonard and Liza making coffee for everybody. They could not wait to get on the road to go and see the caves and ride the ostriches. Marie got some breakfast supplies out of the caravan and made some bacon, eggs and toast to eat. Leonard was finished way before everybody else and washed the dishes as the family finished one by one. “Okay, okay Leonard we get the message!” said John as he finished his breakfast. They left for Oudtshoorn around six o’ clock that morning with a good seven hour drive to go. It was around one o’ clock that afternoon when they arrived at the motel and hooked off the caravan.
First was the ostrich farm where Leonard got onto the ostrich to ride. The instructor told him to pull back on the neck of the ostrich to make it go slow or stop and push it left or right to make it turn. Leonard felt the bird breathing under him and as if the bird could smell the fear, it took off. It ran through the race course passing the end line without stopping. It ran into the meadow as Leonard held on for dear life. Eventually, after ten minutes of screaming, he remembered to pull back the neck and as if by magic the ostrich stopped. As Leonard was about to jump off the bird, he heard screaming, “Nay my boss stay on! I am coming!” Leonard did not know that if he would jump off the ostrich it would turn on him and try and kick him. He did not care; this thing would not run with him again. Lucky for him he could not get his one leg out under the wing of the ostrich and had to sit till the instructor came, “Hey my boss, but you can ride this bird! Not one of my jockeys could catch you!” The instructor laughed as he took Leonard back to John.
Leonard still shaken up from this high speed race through the camp, could not believe how beautiful the Cango Caves were. The guide took them through each chamber explaining how the stalagmites and stalactites were formed and it was a blast going through the Devils Chimney with grandpa. It was very late that afternoon when they returned back to the motel. John decided to take some meat out of the caravan to barbeque for dinner that night, “Leonard my boy so you now know how to ride an ostriches! You were a pro my boy!” Leonard just smiled and was glad that they did not tease him because he screamed like a little girl.
The next morning it was Grandpa John who woke them up for breakfast, “Come on you lot we only have three hours to go then we are at our campsite in Brenton. If we are lucky the tide will be right so we can get some bait for fishing! Come on lazy bones!” You could feel the excitement in the air as they left for Brenton after eating breakfast. 
They arrived at “Brenton on Lake” late that morning as the tide was busy pushing in, “Grandpa are we in time for the bait?” asked Leonard. “No my boy, sorry, but tomorrow is another day. We can get the bait early in the morning and then tomorrow afternoon we will go fishing. Now we are going to book in, pitch the tent, pack out the caravan and when we are done we are going to barbeque some chicken. You and I my boy will catch the fish tomorrow.” Liza looked at grandpa, “Grandpa what about me? Can I also fish?” “Of course my little princess. You can help us catch the bait and I will give you as small rode to fish with us okay?” “Yes grandpa. Grandpa, what is bait?” John smiled, “Annette why don’t you tell her?” Annette got a shiver down her back as she remembered the mud prawns she had to help pick up when her dad pushed them out of there holes with a can, “Dad I think you can show them tomorrow. Lucky for me the kids are big enough to help and I will take the pictures but pick them up, NO WAY! Is that a deal, daddy?” John laughed as he nodded, “Okay my girl.” 
They got to their stand looking out over the Knysna Lake and pitched the tent unpacking the caravan. John started the fire for their barbeque, “Grandpa where is the waves?” asked Leonard. “I have learned at school that the sea has waves, but this looks like a dam except for the water that goes low and high.” John looked at his grandchildren and thought of a story to tell them when Marie saw his eyes, “John, don’t tell them that story! You know Annette refused to sleep for four days after that.” “Okay, okay I will not tell them about the big wave in the ocean that causes the water to come in and out like they see and then sometimes break trough to drown everybody in the camp.” Liza and Leonard started screaming, “Are we going to drown grandpa?” Marie looked at John with the evil eye, “John, now was that necessary?” John laughed so hard his tummy hurt, “Okay you two grandpa was just joking. Okay listen carefully, do you hear the noise? It sounds like water crashing in?” “Yes grandpa we can hear it.” “Well that is the sea and the waves are there on the coast, I will go a show you tomorrow, okay. We are very safe here so don’t be scared okay!” “Yes grandpa” Leonard and Liza sang in unison.
As everything went quiet in the camp, Annette looked up at the sky and saw the stars and moon shinning from above. She looked at the creation thinking about her life and could not believe that her life turned out this bad. The tears was running down her face as she started to sing that song she sang so many years back, Amazing Grace how sweet the sound. It was as if all her emotions ran into this song and she could hear the music in her mind as she sang the lyrics, “God I know it has been long since we have spoken and I know for many years I did not believe in you, because of what happened, but I am sitting here before you and asking that you think of me, Annette. I know I am going to die one of these beautiful days, but I am asking you to forgive me for what I have done to Squeal, Leonard, my mom, my dad, myself and most off all against you. Please God help me to get through this sickness and please help me get things right between myself and my boy before I die and God when I die, think of me! Amen”
Annette looked at the lights drifting from “Teason Island” and felt the breeze blowing warm over her skin when she heard the sounds of a guitar playing just behind their campsite. She walked over to listen to the music when she met Niel. Niel was an old man, living in the caravan park for the last five years. He lost everything after his wife died because he looked for help in the wrong places, just like Annette. He had his old Chrysler motorcar, caravan and guitar left, after he lost his job and the bank came feeding on him like sharks on a dead seal carcase. As he played, she could see how his whole body shone as he was singing the same song she did just a few minutes ago, “Good evening sir, my name is Annette.” Niel stopped playing, “I believe you know this song, please sing with me!” Niel invited her. Annette smiled, “Don’t sing anymore sir, my voice is broken.” Niel smiled, “Did not sound broken to me and in any case, before God it sounds like a beautiful angel choir singing. There is no right or wrong before His majesty. Come on, let’s just sing.” 
Annette could not hold back anymore and sang that old hymn over and over till her voice was almost gone, “By the way, my name is Niel and I only know this one song, my wife taught me. I miss her so very much, but I know she is with God now. Annette, I don’t know you from a bar of soap, but it is as if you were sent here. It is as if God planned it so you would be here and I feel that God needs you to know that He has heard your prayer little one and that He never left you nor forsaked you. When all the things happened to you, He was there and He will be there now when you need him most.”
Annette could not believe how she just prayed to God and how He now has answered her, “How did you know Niel?” Niel smiled, “Annette, when God cares for you he always answers you, even when it takes years for that answer. I am now going to sleep, hope to see you tomorrow and then we can sing a few songs I taught myself. I would love to hear you sing more. You sing like this new girl, what’s her name? O yes, Bonny Taylor!” Annette smiled as she said good night and walked off into the night wondering who this Bonny Taylor was.
Leonard could not contain his excitement the next morning to go and get the bait for their fishing that evening, “Grandpa? Can we go and get the bait now?” John still tired from the long drive could only muster, “Leonard go back to bed it is five o’ clock in the morning!” Leonard ran outside and was amazed at how low the water went down. He could see the mud banks with seaweed on them gleaming in the morning sun. He saw the little holes in the mud and was amazed how the water would spurt out when he stepped on them. The quite around him was broken by the scream of the fish eagle, gliding above him and the colour’s in the sky seamed to mix from a dark purple to a bright orange as the son was rising. 
Leonard walked back to the campsite to go and trace up his fishing rod. He was done when John eventually came out of the tent to go and brush his teeth, “Look grandpa I am ready for the fish!” John laughed, “Leonard, nice trace my boy, but this is the sea not the dam. We are going to do the trace a little different. Let me finish brushing my teeth and then I will show you how to trace up and then, while I make breakfast, you can trace up both our rods, okay?” Leonard now a little frustrated, “Okay grandpa but hurry! We need to get the bait as well!” John walked off to go and brush his teeth, thinking to himself, “If Leonard knew how much work the prawn pumping was he would not be so eager.”
John came back to camp about fifteen minutes later. “Leonard did you cut off the other traces?” Leonard smiled, “Yes grandpa and everything has been put back. Please show me the new trace!” John walked over knowing that to stall this moment would most probably send Leonard over the edge with excitement. “Okay my boy now listen carefully. You take this silver hook and tie it like I showed you with the swivel. You remember?” Leonard looked at John, “Yes grandpa, you put the line through this little hole, pull it through as long as my thumb, twirl it about seven times and then push it through the little hole at the bottom and pull tight?” John was impressed at how detailed the description was, “Yes that is right! Then my boy, you measure the line as long as your arm and tie the swivel at the one end. Then you take one of these round sinkers and push your line through the hole and then tie that to the other end of the swivel. You understand?” Leonard nodded and started working. It took him twenty minutes to complete the task and John came to inspect, “Well done my boy! It’s perfect! Tonight the fish must watch out! Now come eat your breakfast so we can go and get our bait!” 
Leonard rushed to the table and gulped down his breakfast when Marie laughed, “Slow down Leonard! The bait is not going anywhere.” After breakfast John got the prawn bucket and the prawn pump ready. Annette got the camera and the family walked down to the prawn banks. John took the pump and put it over the hole and pressed down. Out of three holes came water and mud squirting, it splashed all over Leonard, at his feet was his first prawn to pick up. The little animal had a soft tail with a hard body. It looked like the crayfish pictures he saw in class just smaller. He picked it up, “Ouch! It pinched me!” John laughed, “Don’t worry my boy tonight you will pinch him right back!”
It took them about an hour to get enough bait for the fishing that night. Leonard was covered in mud and water from head to toe. John sent him to go for a quick swim to wash off the mud. Leonard washed off the all the mud, but when he returned from the swim he still smelt like rotten mud, Annette chased him, “Leonard go and shower now before you go and play! You smell like rotten fish!” Leonard showed Liza the prawns and when he came closer she started screaming, “Leonard enough now, go and shower and then you can show Liza the prawns, okay!” Leonard grabbed his towel and soup and disappeared.
“Dad I met the old man behind us last night. What a nice man!” John looked at her, “Man? Nice?” over protective as he was, “You okay Annette?” “Yes dad. I was singing at our camp fire and looking at the stars when I heard him playing Amazing Grace. I walked over and listened to him playing. We talked and sang till the small hours of the morning. He says I sing like Bonny Taylor, whoever that is?” John smiled, “She is an international singer Annette. Her voice changed after a throat operation and she started talking too quickly. She only became a star after that. Nice compliment from him. Maybe tonight we can go over and then we all sing, okay?” Annette smiled, “Yes dad that is if you don’t sit next to the water till midnight!”
The evening could not come quick enough for Leonard. After having a late afternoon snack, John picked up the fishing box and the rods. Leonard’s job was to carry the bait and the snacks for later next to the water. It took them about fifteen minutes to get to their spot. John sat down and took the hook and put the prawn on the hook. It only took a minute for the fish to finish the bait on the hook, “Grandpa show me how to bait my hook!” John took his empty hook, “Okay Leonard, you take the prawn by his tail and then you push your hook from the back to the front. When it goes into the prawn’s chest you push the point of your hook through the hard part here, you see?” Leonard could hear the hook point crushing through the chest bone of the prawn, “Yes grandpa!” “Then you are ready! The rest you do as normal. Be warned the fish bite quick, so you must get your line tight quickly otherwise you miss it. Let me show you and then let’s catch them.” John threw in his line and let Leonard feel his line. It gave little ticks and then it was gone, “Okay my boy you feel those ticks?” “Yes grandpa.” “Well that is the fish biting! You need to strike when you feel that and if you are lucky you will hook the fish!” It took Leonard only 3 casts to get his first sea fish on the line. He remembered how he played with the fish and how it was a big one. The fish in the sea was much stronger than at the dam and Leonard thought his fish would be at least 2kg, “Wow grandpa this fish is big!” John smiled, “Well get it on the side so we can see.” When the little grunter was on the side it was not even 300g and John could see the disappointment in Leonard’s eyes, “Leonard you see, here at the sea the fish are much stronger and not as lazy as at the dam, but this one is big enough for breakfast tomorrow!”
Leonard was so proud of his first sea fish and also the first fish for the holiday. As it was with Leonard’s fishing luck, the big one was not far off. He put the prawn on as Grandpa showed him and decided to put an extra one on the hook just for good luck. This seemed to do the trick and it was a few seconds after the bait hit the water that the fish took the bait and ran. John saw that this was no small fish and walked over to help Leonard, “Okay boy just as I showed you, play with it!” Leonard looked up at John, “Grandpa, I haven’t set my reel ratchet yet to play with the fish, look!” John was amazed and all he could do was to hold on to the rod while the fish cleaned out the spool of line, “Grandpa stop the fish, please stop it! I want to see how big this one is! Please grandpa help!” John could not help but smile, there was no way that he would be able to get this monster out of the water it was way too strong for their fishing line. “Wow my boy what a fish! Pity we could not get it landed but be sure my boy that was a monster! Nice fish to finish of our prawns so let’s go home now, we have caught 5 nice fish and I bet grandma, Liza and your mom are hungry!” Leonard was so disappointed that he nearly cried all because of that big one that got away.
They arrived at camp and had the story of the big one that got away to tell his mom and grandma. John barbequed some chicken and invited Niel to come eat with them. Niel brought his cassette player with him and played them a few songs from Bonny Taylor and then asked Annette to sing with him. John, Marie and Leonard were amazed at exactly how much Annette sounded like her. Her voice still husky and rough made the most beautiful sounds that brought tears to their eyes, at long last their daughter can now sing without crying.
They enjoyed the holiday and each day Leonard would be up to get the bait. The fishing was good and they sold some of the fish they caught in the camp. It was two days before Christmas when Leonard saw his mom sweating and shivering even though there was no wind, “Mom you okay? You look sick.” Annette, not wanting to spoil the fun smiled, “Think it is something I ate Leonard. I will be okay my boy!” Leonard remembered John saying that they should be careful with Annette and when it looked like his mom was sick to tell him. “Grandpa, I think mommy is sick! She is sweating and shivering...” John jumped up, “Marie where is Annette?” Marie could hear the urgency in his voice, “In the caravan John!” “Please come quick!” John called. In the caravan Annette was in bed with a bad fever, “Annette why didn’t you tell us?” Annette was shivering so bad that her teeth were rattling against one another, “Dad I am sure this will pass, so I did not want to spoil the fun!” John scooped her up and ran to the car, “I am taking her to the hospital. I will be back later when we have seen the doctor!” 
John put Annette in the car and rushed to Knysna hospital. They arrived there twenty minutes later with Annette having convolutions because of the fever. John ran into the hospital, “Please come and help me, my daughter is sick!” A doctor and nurse came running and helped put Annette onto a trolley pushing her into the emergency room. After what felt like days to John the doctor came out, “Hi, my name is Doctor Linde. We have your daughter’s fever under control. Can you tell me what symptoms she had?” The relief washed over John’s face, “Thank you Doc. I need to get her back to Kimberley as a matter of urgency. My daughter has got AIDS and the slightest infection will cause this kind of reaction. Can you help me with this Doc and if so, when can I take her home?” Doctor Linde looked at him, “Sir, what is AIDS?” John explained to her what AIDS was and how it worked, just like Doctor Mustard explained to him. He gave her Doctor Mustard’s number to confirm the details of the transfer, “Okay Mr Botha, as soon as Annette is stable enough, we will arrange a transfer, in the meantime I will confirm with Doctor Mustard the details and transfer arrangements.”
It took Doctor Linde three days to get Annette stable enough to transfer her to Kimberley. A Red Cross emergency flight was arranged with Doctor Linde overseeing the transfer herself, “Okay Mr Botha, we will be flying out from George Airport tomorrow morning. Doctor Mustard will receive us at Kimberley Airport where I will hand her over. Drive back safely and know I will look after her as if she was my own daughter.” John left the Hospital that night with bitterness in his heart, “Marie! Annette will be flying out tomorrow morning back to Kimberley. I want to leave to meet her there, but we need to pack up now to do so!” Marie took John in her arms, “Whatever you want John.” 
Niel came round the corner of the tent when he heard John and Marie talking, “John!” Niel called, “Is Annette okay? Can I help you in anyway? You know Annette has become like a daughter to me in this short time, so please let me help you! I know your thoughts are with Annette now so go and meet her, I will arrange the rest here...” John looked at Niel surprised, “Niel how can you help me now? My daughter is critical and we have lots to do before we leave!” Niel smiled, “You know John, your daughter gave me some purpose in life again and filled my life with hope. The least I can do is to help you. Go and sleep now and tomorrow you and the family leave for home. I will pack up your caravan and get your money back from Brenton management for what is left of your holiday and bring the caravan to you in Kimberley.” 
John was shocked at the offer Niel made, “You will do that for us? Don’t you work?” Niel laughed, “John, I have lots of time because I am retired. Just go and drive safe. I will see you in three to four days time with no cost to you, just because I can!” “Thank you Niel, but what about the costs I cannot let you pay it?” “John that is not a problem, if you then insist I will use the money Brenton gives back and for the rest it is on me, okay!?” John could not believe the generosity of this man they barely knew for two weeks, “Deal my friend, see you there!” 
They packed their clothes and left for Kimberley early the next day. John was not as conservative with the petrol going home and picked up two fines for speeding. They arrived in Kimberley early evening that day and stopped at the hospital to check on Annette before going home. “Doctor Mustard? How is she?” Doctor Mustard looked concerned, “John tomorrow you need to give Leonard a big present. If it was not for him, Annette would have died. She is now stable and resting and should be out in a week or so, but let this be a lesson to check on her more.” 
Annette still delirious from the fever felt like she was floating between heaven and hell with her head filled with pain due to the fever, “Wow this hurts! Where am I? Did I die?” An all too familiar voice came floating on the wind burning her brain, “Hello Annette, it’s me again!” Annette looked straight into the eyes of Lucifer, “What do you want? I have done my part of our contract!” Lucifer smiled with his yellow teeth gleaming, “Well I am here to come and get you for Squeal. You see, my deal with Squeal was you, so please die now so I can finish this damn deal!” Annette got scared, “I will not die for Squeal!” Lucifer smiled, “Well that choice is not yours to make. Your body is dying and if I may say so, you could not have chosen a better way to go! You have no chance of healing so just give up! For now I have brought Squeal along to keep you company. Hope you enjoy it!” 
Annette was scared and could see Squeal coming closer. She remembered the pain, hate and fear he caused her, “You stay away from me you demon!” Squeal looked at her with so much love that Annette could feel how it burned her soul, “Annette calm down, I don’t have a lot of time, so listen to me. I know sorry does not cut it, but I need to ask you for forgiveness. This Lucifer thing deceived me. He lied to me and he is lying to you now. You are not going to die yet, but please, when you go back, love my son for me. I loved you like I never loved someone Annette, just a pity this demon twisted the deal we made. Now go back to life and never come back to this place. Believe me, this is not called hell for no ‘reason. Here he comes! NOW LEAVE!” 
‘Lucifer was extremely upset with Squeal, “Where is that whore?” Squeal just smiled, “Back with the living where you can’t touch her!” Lucifer screamed at Squeal, “NO! You have broken our deal! You have given your bride away you idiot!” Squeal just kept on smiling even though he knew he was heading back to the darkness, “No Lucifer, I set her free! Neither my boy nor Annette will be yours as I said. You may have deceived me, but Annette’s God heard me and will protect them against you!”
Annette woke up, “Squeal, I understand and forgive you! If you can hear me Squeal please forgive me for what I did to you!” Annette got discharged seven days later with strict instructions and a bag full of medicine. Leonard and Liza could not wait for their mom to come home so that they could spoil her. Annette could not believe how the kids ran to bring her food, coffee and tea. Niel arrived that Saturday with the caravan and stopped in front of the house, “Hi John!” John came out to greet his friend whom fast was becoming like a brother to him. “How is Annette?” John smiled, “She is home Niel. If you want you can go to her room after dinner and a nice bath.” Niel smiled, “O glory that is good news! Okay let’s just first park the caravan and then I will hit the bath. I think I need it after the Karoo, I must smell like a bokom!”
After dinner Niel walked to Annette’s room, “Hey Annette, glad to see you at home! You okay?” Annette still a little oozy looked at Niel, “Hi, glad you are safe! Jip, I am okay just had a weird dream about my past.” Niel looked at this sick young lady, “Annette that brings me to my reason I need to see you. As you know I have a bit of a gift and on my way here I picked up a young man. I dropped him at his mom’s house and he asked me to tell you that he has heard you and that you are forgiven. I believe his name was Squeal or something like that and that you would understand. Strange name for this boy!” Annette turned on her side with a big smile, “Thank you Niel! You just answered my dream!”
Niel left just after New Year with Leonard gearing up for Standard 6. Leonard arrived at Technical High School Kimberley for his first day and was taken to the hall for a short introduction and the formal opening of the school year of 1982. It was not long before some of his old friends told the seniors of his connection with Annette and her connection with Squeal. The seniors debated on his name but eventually the name Squeal stuck like bubble gum to your shoe!
That afternoon he arrived home and had to make a name board to hang around his neck, “Grandma, can you help me with this name board?” Marie agreed but when she came to the name she erupted with anger, “Who gave you this name?” Leonard was confused, “Grandma? The seniors gave it to me! Why are you so upset?” Marie looked at him, “You are not like him! How dare they!” Leonard, now even more confused looked at his grandma as if she was an alien that just walked into the room, “Grandma like who?” Marie walked out of the dining room without answering him.
That evening Marie, John and Annette was sitting in the garden when Marie could hold her anger no more, “You know what the kids at school are calling Leonard?” Annette smiled, “Yes and it is funny that he got his dad’s nickname.” Marie gave Annette the evil eye, “Glad you think it is funny!” John saw the anger in Marie, “My love, if we are going to make something out of this, Leonard will know that something is amiss and we don’t want that!” 
“Well he is not like his dad! On this topic John, when are we going to tell Leonard who his dad is?  I, as his grandma, want to know!” John and Annette were not prepared for this, “Well Marie, when I think he is right for the truth! Annette’s illness is also complicating things, so let it be for now, I will handle it when the time comes.” Marie was still upset and angry at the answer, “Well let me know when so I can get the cotton wool ready to wrap Leonard up! His heart will be broken and the betrayal from all of us will be too much to handle for our little boy.”
The rest of that year for Leonard was a time of adjustment to the teenage life. His voice started breaking and he sometimes sounded like a pig squealing in the slaughter house on his uncle’s farm. Annette was getting better and practiced her voice everyday so that she could sing in church. She had so much love to share with Leonard and Liza and for the first time in their lives, they where a family as it was meant to be. Sam came to visit them almost every day and although Grandpa John did not approve of this, he had a deal with Sam.
Leonard passed his standard 6 with ease and could not wait for standard 7 to start. This would be the year in which Leonard would lose himself and his way for a brief second and if he only knew what was ahead, he would have wished to stay in 1982 forever.
Sam decided to take the family for a visit to his new block of flats in Beaconsfield and then show off his plans for the old blocks of flats that were spread across Kimberley. After the royal tour he took them out to dinner at the Horseshoe Motel where Judas, his right hand man, joined them for dinner. Judas now grownup, took a liking to Leonard immediately, “Hey boss, you like playing the sport?” Leonard laughed at his heavy accent, “Judas you speak funny!” Judas laughed, “Yes boss, it’s because I am a Swazi! My language is much different to English so it sounds funny. My tongue still forgets some words and gets twisted with the sounds!” “Well Judas I love sport! I play soccer, rugby, table tennis, basically anything with a ball! And you?” Judas looked impressed, “Yes boss I love thee soccer but my sport is running for very far! You should come with me so you can get fit for your sport and when you are big we can run the Comrades together.” Leonard was very impressed with this black man liking him so much, “Okay when do we start?” Judas looked at him while wiping his nose, “In a week or so boss, I have a bit of flu, so I am no good now, okay?”
Nobody even noticed the conversation between Leonard and Judas, because if they did, they would have taken Annette to the hospital for observation. Annette was telling Sam how she was going to sing in church that Sunday and that he should come with them. 
Sunday morning Sam arrived with his big car and picked up everybody for church. Annette looked beautiful with a few drops of sweat on her brow and little pale in the face. “Annette you okay, you don’t look so good?” asked Sam. Annette looked at him and smiled, “I am okay Sam, just a bit of nerves. Mom and dad asked me as well and checked me out, so don’t worry!” The church started and Annette felt a little flustered but ready for her songs. 
“Brothers and sisters after a long time out of singing and church we have the pleasure to hear Annette singing again. Her voice may have changed but I am glad to say that God gave her something special in place of her old voice! Let’s not waste time, Annette please come forward!” Pastor Pieter was extremely excited to call Annette, for him her story has come full circle and her testimony would help heal people with their broken hearts and lives. 
“Good morning!” Annette greeted the congregation, “I decided to sing two songs this morning. My first song is ‘Till the storm passes over’ and my second song ‘The King is coming’. In my life, as most of you know, things went from good to bad very quickly and it took years of hard work by God, my mom, my dad, my daughter and my little boy to bring me to where I am today. The love my boy showed me was from God and the rest of the team kept me on the straight and narrow. I want to thank my God for healing my family and giving me back my son. And this is from my heart to God’s ear! Hope you enjoy it!”
The music started and Annette looked up at heaven and smiled, “God I know this is your time and I am ready! Just one more time to glorify You!” Her voice filled the church that morning with the sounds from heaven and people could feel how the clouds started to move away in their lives as the storms cleared. They could feel the presence of God filling the church and erupted into The King is coming, singing the praises of God with Annette. As Pastor Pieter led the church in spontaneous prayer, nobody noticed Annette collapsing on the steps as she walked down the pulpit. It was a good five minutes before Leonard realised his mom was not next to him. 
He opened his eyes to peak and see where she was when he saw her on the floor, “Grandpa, Grandpa Mommy is on the floor!” He screamed so hard that the whole church went quiet. John opened his eyes and wanted to slap Leonard for his disrespect when he saw Annette on the ground, “Pastor Pieter you need to start praying, we have trouble!” Sam ran to the front and tried to wake Annette up. He felt her pulse and could hardly feel her heart beating. He scooped her up and ran to the car, “John we need to get to the hospital, NOW!” They arrived at the hospital just ten minutes after leaving the church. Sam ran into the hospital to get a nurse who could help Annette into the emergency room. Doctor Mustard was paged to come down from his standby rooms in the hospital to attend to the emergency and left Annette’s family waiting for answers.
Pastor Pieter looked at his congregation with tears in his eyes, “My dear brothers and sisters, please pray for Annette in this day. She has become a symbol of what has happened to our church and I pray that God will heal her in this day! Let us pray; Heavenly Father we bring Annette Botha to you in this day. Father we know she is sick but we pray that you give her back to us. Father please hear our cry and please be with her now! Hold her family close to your Father heart in this time of worry. Send your angels to protect Annette my God and may she be in the glow of your healing power today. Amen!”
Doctor Mustard came out of the emergency theatre wringing his theatre cap in his hands, “John, Marie I have bad news for you. Annette is critical with pneumonia. The infection has ravished her lungs. I don’t know how we have missed it a week ago with her health review, nor do I know how we are going to stop this infection. Her CD4 count has dropped below 100 and in my opinion she has at the most only a few hours to live. I would suggest you and the family make the most of your time with her and say your goodbyes. I am so sorry John!”
If the earth was only willing to open up and swallow the suffering and pain at that moment, things may have been more bearable, but it didn’t. Marie and John looked at one another, “How are we going to tell the kids?”John took Marie’s hand, “Marie you go to Annette, and I will handle Sam and the kids.” Marie ran to Intensive Care while John walked back to the waiting room, “Sam, I have bad news!” As the tears rand down his cheeks he continued, “Annette is extremely sick and the doc fears for her life! If you need to say goodbye, now is the time!” 
Marie walked into the room with fear in her hart, “Hey baby girl! How are you feeling?” Annette opened her tired eyes, “Hey Mommy! I am so tired and this body of mine seems like it has had enough! I need to ask you for forgiveness mom!” The tears ran down Marie’s face, “Annette there is no need baby!” “No mom, I treated you like a dog! When Leonard was born I hated you for taking Leonard’s side but today I need to say thank you! Leonard has become a beautiful young man and the love he showed me was taught to him by you! Mom you became my life standard without even trying to change me and accepting me for whom I was. Mom no person deserves a mom like I had, because you are too good. You are an angel that was sent to me to protect me! You mom saved my life with your love and I want to ask you to forgive me for my attitude towards you and dad.” 
Marie battled to be brave for her daughter, “Annette there is nothing to forgive because it was done many years ago. Baby girl your mom is so proud of you and you must remember I love you with a love that could only be given by God Himself.” Annette gave Marie a soft smile, “Thank you mommy. Please could you get Sam, I need to have a talk with him.”
Sam was shocked at the news, “You mean she is going to die? No it can’t be John! In our lives things were not always good, but this!” Sam left the room and ran up to Intensive Care where he was taken in by Marie to see Annette, “Annette baby you okay?” Annette smiled, “O Sam don’t be so dramatic! I am going to survive; I don’t plan on dying just yet!” Sam smiled, “Annette, you know and I know that is not true! John told me everything; you don’t have to pretend my girl!” Annette choked up and with her breath getting shorter she made Sam promise to look after Leonard and Liza, “Sam you know that Leonard and Liza have been adopted by my mom and dad. I decided to do that because you know how you get sometimes. Liza is your child but she will be okay with my parents and you, but Leonard will only have my parents when I die. I want you to promise me that you will look after them both if my mom and dad pass away. Promise me!” Sam could not understand why Annette made him promise to look after the misfit Leonard as well, but smiled, “Annette I promise, don’t worry baby they both will be fine.”
John sat down with Leonard and Liza as Sam walked off to Intensive Care, “Hey you two, you okay?” Leonard and Liza nodded, “Grandpa is Mommy going to be okay?” asked Leonard. John could hardly bear the pain, “My boy, you know that sometimes people get so sick that they die? Well the doctor said that your mommy is very sick and that he does not know if she would survive the night. In short, if God does not help your mommy, she will be with Him shortly!” Liza started crying and Leonard pulled her under his arm while the tears ran down his face, “Grandpa, can we ask Jesus to help us? In the past when grandma and I prayed for mommy things would get better, please can we?” John had no voice to answer his boy and closed his eyes, “Heavenly Father it is me Leonard again. God you and I know one another for many years and you have always helped me. Please, please God help my mommy and heal her. We have just got to the point where she loves me for me. God you have helped my mom to see me, I am begging you Jesus to please save my mommy! Thank you that I know that you will help us again, Amen”
John could not breathe as he held his grandchildren in his arms, “Grandpa, can we see our mommy now?” asked Liza. “Yes princess let’s go, but remember mommy is very sick and full of plastic tubes so she will look a bit funny, okay? They put her medicine in the tubes and then it goes into her body to help her fight the germs that is making her sick.” Liza did not understand the explanation or how serious it was, all she wanted was to see her mommy. They arrived at the Intensive Care as Marie and Sam came walking out, “John, I think you need to hurry, Annette is fading fast! Sam and I will look after Leonard so you and Liza can see her first.” John walked in with Liza on his arm, “Hey baby girl it’s daddy! Annette, Annette! I have brought Liza in as well!” Annette breathed slowly and the wheezing of her chest told the story of pain and suffocation, “Hey daddy!” Annette wheezed, “I love you daddy remember that, okay? Please look after my babies!” Annette took Liza in her arms and kissed her on her forehead, “Liza my girl, I think mommy is going to Jesus one of these days and I want you to know that I love you my baby.” Liza looked at her mom all funny, not understanding where her mommy was going, “Mom when are you coming back? My birthday is only a few months away! Are you going to buy me a present when you are with Jesus, hey Mommy?” 
Annette smiled, “No baby girl, you remember when we took your doggie to the doctor and the doctor said we had to put him to sleep?” “Yes Mommy! I was really sad but you said that he has gone to Jesus. So you are going to see Bobby dog! You said that he died mommy, are you going to die like Bobby dog as well mommy?” “Yes my baby, but you still can see me when you look up in the sky because people who die become stars in heaven to shine for Jesus. So when you miss me, baby, look up in the sky and always remember, Mommy loves you!” “How will I know it’s you mommy, there are lots and lots of stars?” “Well just look at the brightest star and you will see me wink at you, okay!” Liza was confused but smiled, “Okay Mommy! Grandpa, can I go to grandma, this place stinks!” 
John took Liza to Marie, “Leonard your turn now.” Leonard walked into Annette’s room, “Mom you better now?” Annette’s heart monitor was beeping very slowly, “Hallo my boy! Leonard you are old enough to understand that this is time to say goodbye my boy. I need you to be strong and listen to me because I don’t know how much longer I have!” Annette coughed as the blood from her longs came spewing out, “Leonard for years I have hated you and treated you like a worthless dog, but every time you came back my boy and licked my feet, so to call, for love. It took years for me to see you for whom you are my boy and I never could understand why you loved me so much after everything I did to you?” Leonard’s lip began to quiver, “Mom I loved you from when I could remember. I was in your tummy still when I knew you were my mommy and I loved you with all my heart. I was part of you mom! I could not understand why you hated me so much, but you cannot stop loving someone if that love is a gift from God!” Annette smiled with tears in her eyes, “You know Leonard, I hated you because your dad did things to me that I held against you for so many years.”
“What did my dad do to you mom?” John felt his heart jump in his chest, “Annette, you think this is wise?” Annette looked at her dad, “Yes daddy! I need to make peace with Leonard, Squeal and God. The letter you have dad, it’s time, okay?” John nodded, “Mom what letter? Squeal who is that? Mommy?” you could hear the anguish in Leonards voice, “Squeal was your daddy my boy. He was the outcast of Kimberley but he was just a stupid boy, just wanting to fit in. The letter will explain most of the story to you and if you have questions it will be granddad’s job to fill in the blank spaces for you.”
“Annette are you sure my baby?” asked John for the second time with the pain visible in his face. “Dad you need to promise me to tell Leonard the truth, please!” John looked flustered, “Okay baby I will, but I don’t know if this is the right decision. I am going out for a minute or two, okay?” Annette smiled and waved a kiss to her dad, “Leonard I need to do two things before I go. I need to thank you my boy for your love, because it was that love you had for me that brought me peace and back to God. The second thing is, if you ever meet this guy Lucifer in your dreams or in person, run away my boy, run away as far as you can! He is a liar and a thief and it is because of him making promises and keeping to deals his way that we are where we are today. The only problem is that the deals never seem to work out as you thought it would. He caught your dad like that and me. Promise me my boy!” 
Leonard smiled at Annette, “Mom I have met him a long, long time ago and he still visits me sometimes. I have learned that lesson well and I promise you mom, I will not run away, but I will fight him every step of the way, he will pay for you and dad! Now, that I can promise you mom!” Annette smiled, “Good...” she gasped for air as her heart monitor started going haywire, “Leonard you should see this my boy! It’s beautiful! I can smell the flowers and the grass is so soft! Leonard the sun is so warm and here comes Jesus my boy. He has come to fetch me! I can sing again Leonard, tell Grandpa I am waiting for you all and will pray for all of you! Leonard remember, I LOVE YOU...!”
The heart monitor beeped slower and slower as if it knew that death was in the room and with a last gasp Annette opened her eyes, “Here I am Jesus, I am ready to go home! Please look after my family, Amen!” Annette’s eyes closed as she blew out her last breath and her body became still. The heart monitor went in to a dull beep, “Mommy don’t leave me!” screamed Leonard, “I don’t want to be alone! Please mommy come back, I love you! Please Jesus give me my mommy back! Please God! I will be a good boy! Please! I will do anything for you, even die in place of my mommy just bring her back! Please Mommy I am begging you, please come back! I love you Mommy, I LOVE YOU....!”


~~~~


Chapter 7 - Hormone Valley

That Sunday evening is still etched into my brain. Doctor Mustard and John came running into the room as Leonard was screaming and crying, shaking his mom to try and wake her up. John had to pull Leonard off his mom to give Doctor Mustard and the nurses some space to work on Annette. Leonard grabbed John, “Grandpa why did my mom leave me, I begged her to stay, why? Why did Jesus not answer my prayer?” All that John could do was to hold Leonard in his arms and cry with him. Marie came running into the room as Doctor Mustard looked at the nurse, "Okay, let’s call it! We have done what we could! Time of death: 11:43 pm.” Doctor Mustard turned to John, Marie and Leonard, “Sorry you guys, we did the best we could! At least now she is with God and the pain and suffering she went through in her life is done!”
Leonard ripped himself from John’s arms, “She should not be with God! She is my mom and she needs to be here with me!” Leonard jumped onto the bed and embraced Annette’s body as he nuzzled his face into Annette’s neck and cried! “Come Leonard my boy, we need to go home now!” as John put his hand on Leonard’s head. “John, leave Leonard here to say goodbye for a few minutes. Let’s first tell the others and then we can come and get him, okay?” Marie was still shaking from the shock when John put his arms around her, “Okay my love let’s go.”
John and Marie walked out of the room where they met with Sam and Liza and told them the news. Liza put her arms out to Grandpa John and nuzzled her face on his chest. John could feel the warm tears against his skin as Liza cried, “Don’t worry my little one, mommy is safe with Jesus. All her pain is gone and one day we will all see her again!” John kissed Liza on her forehead and gave her back to Sam, “I am quickly going to get Leonard, then we can go.” Sam took Liza, “Don’t worry my baby, daddy will look after you, okay?” John walked back to the room where Leonard was still on the bed with Annette. 
It was as if God knew that the pain in Leonard’s heart was unbearable and let Leonard fall into a deep sleep. “Doctor Mustard, what now?” Doctor Mustard’s emotions was etched on his face, “John, once again sorry for your loss. Annette was like my own daughter, but I am glad to say she is with our Heavenly Father tonight. No more pain, suffering, AIDS or scars. She is at peace and if I repeat her words to me, “Doc I am going to be perfect again”. John just to let you know what happens now, Annette will be taken to the mortuary and her death certificate will be made out by the coroner. You can start the arrangements for her burial after you received the death certificate. The undertakers can come for her by tomorrow afternoon to collect the body. You clear on this?”
John nodded as he picked Leonard up from the bed, “See you tomorrow Doc and thank you for all you have done for my little girl. May God bless you and keep you!” John walked out of the hospital that Sunday night with a heart filled with anger, fear of the future and pain. 
He knew that this night would be a red letter day for his family and that the passing of Annette would create a vacuum in Leonard’s life that no one would be able to fill. They arrived home and put the kids to bed. As John put Leonard in bed he heard Leonard’s sleepy voice, “Love you mom!” John’s whole body shook as the heartache erupted in him, “God, I know Annette is with you. I know she is healed and in a better place, but could you not have given Leonard more time with his mom. I know it is selfish God, but still. Please help me to help Leonard to understand. Please give me wisdom. Amen.”
John walked out with Sam, “Thank you for your help tonight Sam. Drive safely back home!” Sam looked at this old broken man, “Glad to have been of help old man. Just something to think about the next few days, I want to talk to you about Liza, but let’s get Annette buried first before we tackle this thorny issue.” John did not have the energy or the emotions to waste on Sam, “Note taken Sam, goodbye!” John walked into the house and wrapped his arms around Marie, “Love you my only!” With that they went to bed and fell asleep with the sniffing and soft crying of Leonard and Liza in their ears.
Leonard was still replaying that night’s event in his dreams as he tried to save Annette over and over again. Nothing seemed to work, as every time his mom would die just when it seemed he saved her. It became dark in his dreams as he tried to revive his mom once more, “You see Leonard, God took your mom away from you! I told you he was no good, didn’t I?” Hissed Lucifer, the dark angel. “Now do you believe me, or shall I say in me, mmmmmm?” Leonard looked at Lucifer with hatred etched into his eyes, “Go away you liar and thief! You did this to my mom and dad, not God!” Lucifer erupted in anger, “Who told you this? Your good for nothing mom? She is dead as I promised you! You know what you little bastard; it is all because of you! I told you I will take her and I did! You see little man I can give but I will take as well!” Leonard balled his fist to hit this demon, “You see I was right!” “Oops now the cat is out of the bag! My boy I feel betrayed by your mom and dad for telling you so many lies about me! Leonard, I kept to all my deals with your father and mother, boy. I gave them what they wanted, to your dad I gave your mom, unfortunately I could not complete my deal in death, because of a little prayer he prayed many years ago that released me from that contract and your mom I gave riches and fame. It’s not my fault your dad released me from our deal or that your mom could not keep away from drugs. So how did I lie to them, you tell me, BOY? How am I the one you want to hit! Oh just a note on that, I LIKE YOUR ANGER ISSUES!”
Leonard looked at him, “As my mom said your deals are crooked as you have also shown me in my own past dealings with you. Yes, you keep to it to a point, but it never turns out as it was intended. I promised my mom to fight you whenever and wherever I can, so beat it before I beat you up!” Lucifer grinned, “So much anger! I like it, now on that I can build! It would seem that you my boy have a problem with authority and still have not learned that I can give and take away as well. To show you who I am, I will take your precious grandma next! We can make a deal though?” Leonard looked at him, “No deals! Now go!” Lucifer turned around, “Okay, that is your choice; don’t say I did not give you any options! Just remember when your precious grandma dies I did give you a choice!”
The next morning John woke up with a steaming cup of coffee next to him and Marie touching his cheek with her finger tips, “Come see this John!” John climbed out off the bed and walked with Marie. They walked into Liza’s room and what John saw could have melted the polar icecaps. In Liza’s room they found Liza sleeping in Leonard’s arms with Leonard holding her and playing with her curly hair. Leonard was humming a song Annette use to sing to Liza to calm her when she was scared. 
John and Marie stood looking at them for a while when the phone rang, “Hello John, Pastor Pieter here.” John sipped on his coffee, “Good morning Pastor!” “How is Annette this morning?” John gulped down the emissions before answering, “Pastor, Annette passed away last night. I need to come and see you to get all the arrangements in place for her funeral.” Pastor Pieter was shocked, “John you guys okay? My brother you just say the word if I can help and I will! I will let the rest of our church know, so don’t you worry about anything, okay!” John smiled, “Thank you Pastor, much appreciated!”
John put down the phone and walked to the kitchen, “Morning grandpa!” said Leonard, “Can we go and visit mom today? Hope she feels much better than last night when she fell asleep!” John could not believe the request from Leonard, “My boy, your mom passed away last night, don’t you understand?” A tear rand down Leonard’s face as his face showed the pain of his hart, “I remember grandpa! I thought it was a bad dream and hoped it would not be true.” Marie walked around the table and put her head on Leonard’s shoulder as she hugged him from behind, “We will be okay my boy. Your mom is now in a better place, okay?” Leonard smiled, “I know grandma, and my mom explained to me how heaven looked just before she died.” “What did your mom tell you my boy?” asked Marie. “Well grandma.....”
The phone rang, “Yes Pastor?” answered John. “John, one of our members of church has got her own funeral services business. She said she would take over all the arrangements for the funeral. The best is that it will not cost you one cent!” John was flabbergasted, “Why would she do that Pastor?” “Well John she told me that many years ago her husband was quite the sex addict. He screwed everything and its cat till one night he met Annette. He was getting ready to pay for her, to use her words, when Annette asked him why he did this to his wife. She said Annette forced her husband that night to face his demons. He talked to her and Annette helped him through a lot of bad history and helped him to get their marriage back on track. He paid just to talk to her and now they want to give back to the angel that helped them repair their life and marriage!”
John smiled, “Wow Pastor, my little girl did that? I am so proud of her! Thank you Pastor, this was really inspirational.” “John all you need to do is go and pick her casket and the rest they will do, okay?” “Once again, thank you Pastor Pieter! Thank you!” John walked back to the kitchen where Marie, Leonard and Liza were enjoying their breakfast, “You won’t believe this, but everything is sorted for the funeral and we just need to go and pick the casket. It is as if God himself wants to lay our Annette to rest.”
It was not long after breakfast that the front doorbell rang. “Morning John, I just...” John looked at Jillian, “What happened to your face my girl?” Jillian stepped back, “O, nothing John, I fell in the bath the other day. How are you guys doing?” Leonard came running past John into Jillian’s arms, “My mom has died Aunt Jillian.” Jillian hugged him, “Don’t worry my boy, I am still here for you! You my boy must always remember this, okay!” John was not convinced, “Jillian is Jan beating you again? Come on tell the truth!” Jillian smiled, “I..., I promise John, no beatings here!”
John and Leonard left for AVBOB later that morning to go and pick Annette’s coffin as Jillian and Marie sat down to have some early morning tea. John and Leonard settled on a dark oak coffin with golden handles and a fresh flower bouquet in the form of a cross. The inside of the coffin was soft with a silver satin lining and a soft silver satin cushion. To Leonard it was a beautiful coffin for a beautiful princess. The funeral consultant gave John and Leonard the funeral letter to write and asked for some photos to put on the front page.  Leonard looked at John, “Grandpa may I write my mom’s funeral letter?” John smiled, “Yes my boy. Just remember, we need it done by tomorrow.” Leonard smiled, “Yes, grandpa will have it ready by then.” John and Leonard left the funeral offices and met Pastor Pieter at the church to arrange the church service and announcements. It was around three o’ clock when the two of them arrived home. Leonard ran to his room and sat behind his table to write his letter to his mom.
The next morning John took Leonard’s letter and some photos to the funeral home to finalise the letter and times so he could forward it to the church, “I don’t know what is in this letter Molly, but please read it before you put it in. Leonard asked me not to read it before the service. Change it as you see fit, okay?” Molly was the owner of the funeral home and a dear friend of Annette, “Okay John, will change it as needed.” John left the funeral home and could not go home that morning. He drove out of town to Barkley West to the fishing spot where he and Leonard always went and fished. He sat next to the water with the wind softly moving through the branches of the trees and the birds singing. His heart broken and the tears were flowing like a river in flood.
“God, I need to understand this! Please let me understand what happened in our lives. There is so much pain and anger! What did we do wrong?” at that moment it became very quiet around John and a butterfly caught his eye. The butterfly was black with the most beautiful yellow pattern on its back just flying from flower to flower. As the butterfly sat down on an orange daisy, a bird came down and caught the butterfly. John at first was disgusted with the bird but as if God took the time to whisper in his ears, he suddenly understood. It was not the butterfly that did anything wrong or the bird. They both did what they needed to do to survive, to other people it may look cruel, but at that moment they both were doing what they were created for. John took out the letter Squeal wrote to them all, many years ago, and for the first time he understood. Squeal only did what he was lead to believe. His actions influenced all of their lives, but ultimately it was his choice to do what he did and their choice to forgive Squeal and break the cycle of pain and anger.
John arrived home just after four the afternoon, “Marie where are you?” “Leonard’s room John!” John walked in and took Marie in his arms and gave her a kiss like they use to when they were still teens, “Thank you John and if I may know, what did I do to deserve this?” John smiled, “Marie I now know what you knew for so many years. I may not like the outcome of our story so far but I at least understand!” Marie was confused by John’s words, “Tell me more.” John told her about his experience at the river and how it was as if God himself showed him the answer to his question. Marie looked at John, “Told you there are answers. I am so glad you had this experience, because Leonard asked about that letter! John, he wants to know!” “Don’t worry my angel. I will handle Leonard and his thirst to know next weekend when we go for our annual fishing trip just before the school re-opens and then we can read the letter together. I know how to answer him now!”
The next morning was very busy with the family getting ready for church. Sam came with his big BMW to collect them all, “Good morning you guys. You ready for the holy place?” They arrived at church just before Annette’s coffin arrived, “John, everything is ready and in place for today. The letter from Leonard needed no changes and I added just a few extra details about Annette. His letter is written in a cloud on page three of the leaflet. I just need to warn you that it will break your heart when you read it. That said, would you read it in church for us, please John?” John just could not bear it and left it for Pastor Pieter to read.
Brothers and sisters we have now concluded the service and just before we close the service with a hymn Annette loved so much, I need to read the funeral letter. Pastor Pieter’s eyes filled with tears as he began reading the letter, “Annette Botha was born 15 April 1954 to her parents John and Marie. Her son and daughter whom she loved and leaves behind were born in 1969 and 1976 respectively”. Her son wrote the following tribute to Annette.
“My mom was not always a good mom to me.” The church went quiet with shock, “My mom did not give me much except some stitches on my forehead. My mom never played with me or sat down to talk to me. My mom was no good to me most of the time, but today I want to say mom that I loved you, even though you did all of this to me!” John could not bear the pain that came out of the letter. You could hear how people tried to keep their hearts from breaking for this boy. “When I was still in your womb I loved you mom. When you hurt me I loved you mom. When I wanted to talk to you and you screamed at me and made me cry I still loved you! In the end your eyes were opened and my love for you won your heart. Thank you mom that you gave me a chance to be your boy. Thank you mom for being my best friend in the last few months and loving me till death did us part. Thank you for singing to me and just loving me for who I am. Thank you for forgiving my dad even though I did not know him, because without that our last few months would not have been possible. Mom, you have left me again to go to Jesus, but always remember that even though I am alone again I will love you forever! Till we see one another again, LOVE LEONARD!”
As the congregation rose to sing Amazing Grace, there was not a dry eye in the room. The song was not sung on key nor could anybody complete the words. It was as if God in that moment came down and showed everybody what real love was and how far it could reach if it was lived to the fullest. Annette was buried in the Kimberley cemetery that afternoon. As her coffin was lowered into the red sand of Kimberley the last words spoken over Annette were, “From dust were you made and to dust you will return till Jesus comes, Amen.” They all left the grave that afternoon with the words still ringing in their ears, “Till we see one another again, Love Leonard!” 
John tried to lift the mood in the car, “Leonard my boy you must remember that we must go and get Liza and your school things tomorrow, okay?” Leonard looked at John and let his head slump unto his chest, “Yes grandpa!” John could see how Leonard was trying to act all brave but knew how this warrior of his was breaking inside. Liza on the other hand, could not wait for her first school day, “Grandpa, can I get pink, blue and purple pencils. O, yes and books and a backpack. OH, OH, OH, and school clothes and shoes!” John could not help but laugh, “Yes baby girl your daddy will take you to shop and I will take Leonard, okay?” Liza jumped up and down, “Yippee I am going to school, I am going to school!” Sam smiled at the enthusiasm of his little girl, “And if you behave I just may buy you a present baby girl!”
The next day Sam arrived early to take Liza for her school shopping, “Come baby girl we have lots to do!” John still had to finish some paperwork for the insurance to finalised Annette’s estate, “Leonard we will be leaving in half an hour’s time, please be ready!” They went to town around ten o’ clock that morning and stopped at the Old Mutual Offices in town. John dropped off the paperwork and walked back to the car, “Leonard, let’s walk to the Shopping Centre, it’s just around the corner.” Leonard got out, “Grandpa the letter my mom spoke about, when can I read it?” John’s heart jumped into his throat, “I thought it would be good to go fishing just before school next week my boy. I think we can read it together and then talk about it. Is that a deal?” Leonard nodded, “Yes Grandpa!”
John and Leonard arrived home just before Sam and Liza. “Hey sis Liza! What did you get?” Liza jumped up and down, “Look Leonard I got all of this school things and a bike!” Leonard could not believe his eyes, his little sister had a pink bicycle with little ribbons on the handlebars and bags full of school supplies much more than he ever had in his life, “My daddy bought me a bicycle! I am so excited!” Leonard looked at Sam, “Uncle Sam did I get a bike?” Sam smiled at Leonard, “No Leonard your grandpa bought you what you needed and I what Liza needed!” “But Uncle Sam did Liza need a bike for school as well? Grandma always drops us at school. Why did she then get a bike?”
John could see how Leonard’s eyes changed with the raw anger building in him and called Leonard to help with the bags, “Come Leonard, these bags aren’t going to carry themselves!” Leonard grabbed the bags and stormed off, “Sam that was not very clever or nice!” Sam looked at John, “Leonard, old man, is nothing of me nor is he my problem therefore I have nothing for him. Liza is blood of my blood, not that misfit!” John could hardly contain his anger, “Newsflash Sam, that misfit is Annette’s boy and Liza’s brother. Don’t you ever try this again, you understand me!” Sam scoffed at John, “She is my daughter old man and talking about that, I want her!” John could not believe the audacity of this idiot, “Sam let’s get one another clearly on the issues: One, you promised Annette to also take care of Leonard. Two, Liza has been signed over to me and Marie legally. You will have to have much more money than you have now to take her from us. Three, if you ever do this again to Leonard, you sir will not see Liza ever again! You understand me!” Sam knew if he did not back off that John was crazy enough to just do what he promised, “Okay, okay, old man! I hear you, but this is not over, you hear me! You and I will meet again in court or in the street, but meet we shall meet on this issue again!”
Leonard could not wait for the fishing trip that weekend, which at least was one thing he did not have to share with his little sister Liza. Just to feel the wind in his hair and to read his dad’s letter was to him the most important part of the trip, “Grandpa? Please don’t forget the letter tomorrow!” John was a little apprehensive, “Marie I hope this is the right thing to do! Hope he understands!” Marie took John’s hand in hers, “It may be rough John, but we will get through it together!”
John and Leonard left for their favourite fishing spot near Barkley West. They arrived at the river and pitched their tent. It only took a few minutes for their lines to be in the water to start fishing, “Leonard you ready for the letter?” Leonard was not sure if he was, but the desire to know who his father was, was bigger that the fear in him, “Yes grandpa! How bad can it be?” John took the letter out of his pocket and gave it to him. Leonard opened the letter as if he was scared that it would bite him or explode in his hands. He started reading......
“Dear Annette,
If you get this letter it means that the God you told me about lives. I still can’t believe that I did what I did to you, the one person in live that loved me just as I am. You see Annette I was fooled by a dark angel and he promised me you if I served him. What I did not know was what price I and ultimately you would have to pay for this acceptance!
He used all the hurt, pain and loneliness in me to hook me. He grew this in me to the point I could not control the darkness any more. When I did these horrible things to you I only felt this hurt, pain and loneliness burning in me and 18 years of abuse and pain I poured out on you. I am so sorry Annette that I did this and if I could I would take all of this back, but I cannot.
I pray that you will find it in you to forgive me for what I have done. I know I am going to hell but I pray that you will not follow me there. This angel I met is a bad angel and a deceiver.
Please, please forgive me!
Dear Uncle John,
All I can say to you and Aunt Marie is thank you for your love and acceptance. I bet you guys hate me for all I have done, but I beg of you to forgive me. I hope that Annette heals. I know I roughed her up badly and that she will be scarred for life, but please find it in your hearts to forgive me. You were like my own mom and dad for the short time I knew you, but this dark angel blinded me so that I could not see the truth. I beg of you to please forgive me and ask that you pray for me. Maybe this will help your God understand.
Then my son,
I bet you are looking at one another right now and asked what the hell? This dark angel called Lucifer told me that you will be born. Please forgive your dad for what he did to mommy. Always treat her well because she is an angel and love her and try to correct the things I did wrong. Uncle John and Aunt Marie please look after him and please do not keep against him what I did wrong.
Praying for forgiveness. 
With all my love.
Squeal”
Leonard may have read this letter five times before he looked up at John, “Now I understand why my mom could not love me! I now can understand why she had those scars! I now can understand the dark angel coming to me! Why grandpa did you not show me this letter when my mom was still alive? How come you have never ever told me about my dad? Why?” It was as if in that moment a knife was taken that split Leonard’s spirit and created an alter ego in Leonard. I think in that moment Squeal was reborn as a defined person, with Leonard taking the rap for all his actions.
John did not know what to answer Leonard even though he had answered these questions in his mind a thousand times, “Leonard, I know it is difficult but we, your mom and me, thought it best not to tell you till we decided on that night she passed on that it was time. This is why we are here so you can ask me everything you want to know.” Leonard was confused and angry, “Grandpa this is not fair! Do you know how many nights I cried because my mom did the one or other thing to me again and how I screamed at myself because I could not understand why...? How many nights I woke up screaming because that dark angel came to visit me in my dreams and told me about what happened to my mom and dad! Do you know grandpa how many kids laughed at me because I had no dad! Now for the first time I understand my nickname given to me at school! Do you know how many times I have come to the point where I wanted to kill myself? Do you grandpa! DO YOU!” 
John looked at Leonard with tears in his eyes, “Leonard I was there when you woke up screaming my boy! I was there when your mom did those things to you! I was there when you took the 38 special out of my safe and tried to get it loaded. You think it was an accident I walked in and you hid the gun under your duvet as I said let’s go and do some bass fishing? Leonard I was there my boy, every single step of the way! I still have guilt over my own actions towards you and your mom. Every day I wake up and I have to look at myself in the mirror and see the man that threw away his daughter and grandson. I cry every day and night and beg for forgiveness, but still I have no peace!” Leonard was too angry to listen to John and started running into the hills behind their campsite, “Leonard be careful!” screamed John but Leonard ran until he fell over a rock and lay crying there for a few hours.
Leonard started walking back to camp later that afternoon when he decided to sit on a rock looking out over their campsite. The wind was blowing softly in his face and he could hear the birds singing all around him. He was enjoying the calm that was returning to his body, mind and soul. As he looked down he saw how Grandpa John whom was busy fighting a nice fish, laughed. He could hear the reel screaming as it gave the fish line. He saw a meercat jumping up and down not far from him and decided to go and investigate. As he looked over the rock he saw this little meercat fighting with a big snake. The snake was trying his best to get it’s fangs in the little meercat, but it just was too slow. The meercat would jump away as the snake lunged forward to strike and before the snake could recoil the meercat would bite the snake. After only a few minutes the snake gave up the fight and tried to escape but the meercat would not let him go. It was not long before the meercat killed the snake and dragged it to its den for dinner.
It was as if Leonard identified with this little meercat that had to defend his babies from this big snake, but because it never gave up the fight, it not only beat the snake, but had it for dinner. He ran down to John and grabbed his granddad around the neck, “Grandpa thank you for protecting me from all of the past. I love you for that, but the time now has come for me to beat my snake.” John did not understand the analogy or the thank you, “Leonard I promise not to keep anything from you again my boy and you can ask me anything you want to know. I promise not to lie or withhold anything from you, okay?” Leonard squeezed John and kissed his granddad on his cheek, “I will ask grandpa when I need too, but for now I know what I wanted to!” John did not understand what had just happened, nor did he know what happened in the hill behind their campsite. All he knew was that he was grateful that Leonard took it so well.
Leonard started his Standard 7 and from get go he worked hard. He battled with the spelling and reading and could not handle it when he was called Squeal. One or two times he even got into fights and soon he had the reputation of a street fighter. Boys from other schools would ambush him on his way home in the afternoons just to see if they could beat him up. He sometimes came home with more than just a blue eye and had to take the kid’s backpacks he kept as a trophy back to the owners. John got Leonard involved in sports in an effort to stop the Squeal part of Leonard from surfacing. Leonard played rugby, soccer, martial arts and table tennis. In rugby and soccer he got involved with fights on the field and was left out of the teams. In martial arts he would go to competitions and be disqualified because he was over aggressive. Eventually table tennis was his game because he could beat his opponents into submission without any blood flowing! He became Griqualand West under 17 and 21 champion in his first year of competing.
His little sister was Leonard’s greatest nemeses and he hated her and in the same breath loved her with every single cell in his body. It did not help that Sam would bring her presents and Liza teasing him about not getting anything. Even when Sam promised him a bike if he worked hard, he would not get what was promised to him. Leonard and Liza would fight for hours on end about who was loved most and who was hated most. It got to a point where Leonard met Squeal, his alter ego, in person.
That afternoon Leonard and Liza was fighting about Sam bringing her so many presents when Leonard lost all control and picked Liza up by her throat and pushed her against the wall, “I will kill you,  little daddy’s golden girl! I will show you who I am and that you will not mess with me, daddy’s little girl!” He threw her down on the ground and got ready to kick her, “Leonard my boy you do so well!” hissed Lucifer. “Why just kick her? Take everything you can my boy! Rip her clothes off and show her who really is boss, just like your daddy!” Leonard felt the blood in his veins burn with anger, “What must I do?” asked Leonard. “Well let me show you how your dad did it to your mom and then let’s see if you have the guts to follow in his footsteps!” 
Lucifer showed Leonard how Squeal punished, abused and raped his mom. He showed him how Squeal took away Annette’s last inch of dignity. At first it was just what the doctor ordered for Leonard and he ripped off Liza’s clothes. He wanted to be like his dad to stop this little bitch from hurting him ever again. As he felt the heat from Liza’s body and heard her screaming, he suddenly saw the meercat and the snake in his mind and realised that the snake was trying to kill his life and that of his sister. He jumped up and ran to his room, “I will not become my father!” Leonard screamed. “You weak little bastard! Your dad was twice the man you will ever be! At least he had the guts to do what I told him to!” Leonard looked at Lucifer in disgust, “My point exactly! I choose not to be like him or to be twice the man he was, because that is pure evil. I saw what you did to my mom and dad. You killed them that night even though their bodies lived on. As I said to you before, never ever will I be what you want me to be! I choose life and I choose God! This is where I make my stand against you like the meercat at my grandpa and my fishing spot. I will dodge you, fight you and beat you at your own game, you snake!” Lucifer grinned, “We will see about that! I will take away from you, your family, your dreams and ultimately your life! Nobody just walks away from me! I will break you just like your father and mother!”
That day Leonard buried Squeal and all his hurt, anger and pain. He walked out of his room a young man on a mission. Poor Leonard may have felt good about himself, but Liza called Grandpa John and Sam to tell them what happened. She told her dad and grandpa the truth but added a little extra flavour to set Leonard up for what could only be called a hiding of a lifetime. Sam was first to arrive at the home and grabbed Leonard, beating him with his fist. It was as if Sam saw Annette before him the day he beat her senseless, by beating Leonard the way he beat her. 
Leonard would stand up as the fists came pounding, when Leonard fell to the floor Sam would kick him. How Leonard got the strength to defend himself nobody knew, but as Sam came in to kick him in the face, Leonard jumped up and hit Sam between the legs. The pain shot through Sam and he fell down to his knees. This was Leonard’s opportunity and he grabbed his cricket bat and hit Sam on the head.  Sam passed out from the pain and Leonard jumped all over him like the meercat he saw on the fishing trip. “Not so tough now, hey Sam! I am not my mom, grandma or grandpa who you can intimidate and abuse!” John had to pull Leonard off Sam to stop Leonard from killing him, “Leonard enough now! What happened?” Leonard told John everything, how he nearly hit Liza and tore her clothes off her body. 
He told John about the visions he had about how to act just like his dad Squeal. He told him how Sam came in and started hitting and kicking him and that he just defended himself. If John did not remember how Annette looked in the hospital after Squeal beat her up, he would not have believed Leonard, but every detail was exactly as he remembered. “Leonard let’s get you cleaned up!” John said as he walked Leonard to the bathroom.
After Leonard was cleaned up he walked over to Liza’s room with John, “Liza, I am sorry for hurting you sis! I lost it a bit and did not mean to hurt or scare you! Sorry!” Liza felt like a queen having Leonard beg her for forgiveness, “Hope my daddy beat you good and proper!” Leonard just smiled, “Sorry again little sis, but your daddy is still out cold in my room. Grandpa and I are on our way to help him!” It was at that moment when John realised that Leonard’s eyes did not turn to the blue and green it always got when he got angry. “Leonard your eyes did not turn! Looks like Squeal stayed away!” Leonard looked proud, “Grandpa I buried him today! He will never ever come visit me again!” Sam woke up after Leonard poured a glass of cold water over his head, “Keep that demon away from me, you hear me!” shouted Sam. John could not help but laugh, “You see Sam, he can help himself, as I learned many years ago! He is no push over! Go get yourself cleaned and then go home. O and if you think of coming to get Liza, just remember my friends in the police knows you and about what happened here today! The only bad thing for you is they now know that Leonard beat you up as well!”
It was in the last quarter of the year that Inspect Venter, now station commander of the Kimberley Police Station, came to visit Leonard and John, “Leonard I know about your incident with your little sister and would like to go and show you a few things if that is okay with your grandpa.” John smiled because this was arranged by him and Marie to teach Leonard a lesson in what happens to people who are abused and to the people who abuse them. They knew that it would shake Leonard to the core, but did not expect him to take up this crusade to fight this scourge during his lifetime. 
Commander Venter took him to the hospital and showed Leonard how the girls, boys and moms looked when they were beaten up. He took him to the Kimberley prison and showed him the men that did this to the girls, boys and moms and how they were locked away. Leonard enjoyed the trip so much that when they sat and drank a milkshake after the day out he could not help but ask, “Commander? How can I become part of stopping this abuse?” Commander Venter looked at this young man, “What do you mean Leonard?” “I want to help stop what happened to my mom and all these other people we saw today. How can I help?” Commander Venter smiled, “Well Leonard you can become a reservist and help us in that way.  You are still too young now, but next year when you turn 16 we can make a plan, okay!” Leonard was very pleased. 
Commander Venter dropped Leonard at his house after the milkshake, “Thank you Leonard for coming with me today! Hope you have learned something from me!” Leonard waved to the commander, “Yes sir, I learned a lot. See you next year sir!” Leonard ran into the house and told John and Marie everything he saw and how he felt so sorry for the people. 
The trip to the hospital gave Leonard an idea to go visit the kids that got hurt and take a rose to their moms who lay crying in their rooms after school. He just gave them the rose and kissed their hand and left without saying one word. He did not want to bother them, but soon he was called the Rose Angel that came to visit the beaten, abused and trampled on people.
He sometimes would still be ambushed in fights, but like the meercat he used his speed and ability to ride his bike to avoid fighting the other boys. They could not catch him on his bike and when they managed to catch up with him, they got tired of trying to hit him because he could bob and weave like Charlie Weir, his boxing hero. Leonard passed his Standard 7 with the seat of his pants still hanging on the fence, but he could not wait for Standard 8. He started Standard 8, working less at his school projects and harder at the hospital to help his friend who got abused.
He played table tennis and won a medal at the South African championships which made him an instant celebrity in Kimberley. His little sister and he became real good friends after a boy tried to bully her and Leonard stepped in to protect her; needless to say Liza learned that a big brother has his benefits. 
They even sometimes slipped school to go and drink milkshake at the Horseshoe Motel and sometimes Liza also went to hospital with Leonard to help her big brother hand out roses they picked in the municipality gardens.
Marie and John visited Doctor Mustard for their annual checkups, when they heard about Leonard the Rose Angel, “Morning John and Marie! Good to see you two again. How are things this morning?” John and Marie smiled, “Very well Doc. Leonard is battling at school as normal and Liza is getting all A’s.” Doctor Mustard smiled, “Well I am not surprised Leonard is battling! He is at the hospital everyday handing out roses to the girls, boys and moms that got abused by their parents, husbands and family. He has the name of Rose Angle that heals the hurt.” John and Marie could not believe their ears, “Say what Doc?” “Yes, every afternoon he clocks in at three o’ clock and hands out roses. He apparently steels it from the municipal gardens. He has quite the reputation you know. You know what is funny, the people he visits healed faster and better, as if he restored their hope in the future. He is truly a blessing to us and our patients. I hear he is also now a reservist, is that true?” 
John smiled, “Yes it’s true, but as you said, no wonder his school work suffers!” After John and Marie completed the tests and six monthly assessments they decided to go and see for themselves. They arrived just as Leonard walked into the hospital with an arm full of roses. They stalked him and after he delivered the roses to one ward, would go and greet the people who were either smiling about the rose or crying because of this kind gesture from this young man. As they walked around the last corner Leonard came out of the room, “Grandpa? Grandma? What are you doing here?” John at first wanted to sound angry but could not get himself to do so, “So my boy, this is what you do instead of doing your school work! Don’t you think school comes first?” Leonard looked like a little rabbit in a cage, “Yes grandpa I guess! But these people need me more than my books!” Marie smiled, “It is true my boy, but your future counts as well. Finish with your rounds, we will see you at home, I just may have a plan that will work for both your school work and your friends.”   
John and Leonard looked confused, but did not dare to ask what the plan was. Leonard arrived home and walked to his room, “Leonard we have a meeting, remember?” called Marie. Leonard walked in as Marie, John and Pastor Pieter sat around the table chatting, “Leonard, Grandpa and I spoke to Pastor Pieter and low and behold he has heard about the Rose Angel. He never knew who it was, but he wants you to become part of their outreach to these families after they go home as well. The church will help with the flowers so you don’t have to steal them anymore and they will call you if someone has been submitted to the hospital. This will give you more time to study as you will not have to go and check every day. You will also then help the people you love so much over weekends as part of your reservist duties. How does that sound?”
Leonard could hardly contain his joy, “Yes, yes I will do that! Yippee!” “Leonard, one catch though, you need to lift your school marks, okay?” Leonard jumped up and down as he screamed, “Yes grandma yes! I am so glad, yippee!” Leonard could not believe how things were working out for him. He passed his Standard 8 and had a kind mathematics teacher who helped him with two points so he would pass mathematics by 33,3%. Grandma Marie and Grandpa John looked at the report and saw the pass, “Leonard, looks like you passed, but this my boy is not our deal. You need to improve your marks or we will have to stop everything!” Leonard felt bad about his report and not doing as well as his grandparents expected him to do, “Grandma, Grandpa I am so sorry. I lost so much in the year before our deal that it was almost impossible to catch up. I promise my marks will improve.” John and Marie smiled, “Okay my boy, next year we will all work hard, okay? Next year, no excuses and only hard work, okay?” Leonard nodded, “Yes Grandma and thank you for not screaming at me!”
It was just before Christmas that year that Doctor Mustard called Marie after he received back the test results, “Marie you need to come and see me please.” Marie could not think what it could be about, but got in the car and drove to the doctor’s rooms, “Afternoon Doc, what’s wrong?” Marie was thinking that Leonard may have made a nuisance of himself at the hospital, “Marie, I have received your results back and you know I do cancer markers with every test. We have found some abnormalities in your blood and I need to retest you to make sure of the results. It is just a formality and I am sure there are no problems.” “Okay Doc, no problem”, she said, putting her arm in place for the sample.
It was three days later that Doctor Mustard phoned, “Marie the tests are clear, no problem.” Marie was relieved with the news, “Thank you Doc, told you so!” What Marie and Doctor Mustard did not know was that the lab technician got the blood confused and that Marie was on her way to becoming very ill. Leonard on the other hand, was flourishing in his new life and enjoyed every second of helping people. He helped at the hospital to ease the pain, take the statements and help arrest the people who caused the pain.
Leonard though, had this little nagging concern about Grandma Marie. He did not forget the threat of Lucifer. He kept on nagging Marie to go to the doctor for more tests to make sure she was fine. He would sit next to her in the early mornings while she was sleeping and pray over her, but that feeling did not go away. 
Leonard was called out one night to hospital for another abused woman that was brought into hospital. As he walked in, his heart broke into a million pieces. The woman in front of him was his Aunt Jillian. Jan got upset after drinking again, because Jillian refused to become pregnant. They saw a marriage councillor, but nothing helped Jillian get past her son who was killed so many years ago. She did not want a new child to go through the same fate as John, her first child. What no one knew was that Jan was hitting her for years now and threatened to kill her if she told anybody. Leonard walked in as Jillian laid in her bed with her eyes swollen shut and the pain written on her face and body, “Hey mom, Leonard here. Don’t worry you are safe with me. Jan will never ever touch you again, I promise. He kissed her softly on her forehead and put a red rose next to her on the hospital bed. Leonard picked up the phone at the reception, “Commander Venter! I know who beat Jillian, the new hospital intake. Can we pick him up?” Commander Venter could not believe how professional Leonard sounded, “Leonard wait for me, I want to see this!”
Commander Venter arrived ten minutes later and drove off to Jillian’s house. Leonard walked in as Jan walked out of the bathroom after a shower, “What are you doing here you little waste of human skin?” Leonard smiled, “Jan I am placing you under arrest for the assault and battery of your wife Jillian. Just before you get any ideas I am not the Leonard you used to bully in school, just remember that before you act now.” Commander Venter smiled as Jan came forward, “O yes you little piece of shit! I should have done this many years ago! I am going to beat the white off your skin as I did with your so called mommy Jillian.” As Jan stepped in to hit Leonard, his fist was blocked and Leonard ripped off his towel. The next Jan would not forget as long as he lived. Leonard wrapped the towel around his neck and pulled him towards him and with his head Leonard head bud Jan on his nose, breaking it in several places. Jan crumbled to the floor, “You broke my nose you bastard!” Leonard looked at him, “Not so easy when it is a man you need to hit, is it Jan! Now get dressed, we don’t have all night and I want to get back to my mom Jillian!”
Jan stumbled to the bedroom to dress. Leonard walked outside with Commander Venter, “Wow Leonard you have a knack for breaking noses it would seem.” Leonard and the commander stood laughing when they heard a gunshot. They ran into the house and in the bedroom, on the bed, lay Jan in his nakedness with his brains splattered all over the room. A little note next to him told the story of a man that could not face his future. He asked for forgiveness in his letter and then put the gun to his head and ended it all.
Leonard and Commander Venter were shocked at the outcome of that evening, but could not discuss this tragedy because the next case came blurting over the radio as they were dispatched to another crime scene. As they drove over, Commander Venter looked over to Leonard, “Leonard don’t worry about the mess, I will send a cleaning team tomorrow on police costs to clean everything in Jillian’s house, okay. I know Jillian is somebody close to you and you need to get her through this and not worry about anything else.” “Thank you commander! My mom and I appreciate all that you will be doing for us!” 
Commander Venter dropped Leonard at the hospital where John and Marie was waiting for him, “How is Jillian, Leonard? Where is Jan now?” Leonard took them to Jillian’s room, “Grandpa, Grandma, Jan shot himself before we could stop him. Jillian is in a world of hurt, but will survive. Can I ask you if she could move back into the flat in the back with us? She has a job and everything she needs, but her house will never be the same. Please?” John and Marie could not refuse and without even thinking, agreed to their adopted daughter moving back. It was only two days before Jillian could start seeing through her swollen eye, “Hey there mom, Leonard here.” Jillian grabbed on to Leonard’s arm, “I am so sorry my boy for what Jan did to you. I knew about it, but he would hit me so bad if I threatened to go to your granddad! Please forgive me!” Leonard smiled, “Mom it is okay, don’t worry, all is forgiven. Grandma and I have taken the liberty to move all your stuff back into your flat at the back. Just one thing though, Jan shot himself when I arrested him. Sorry!” Jillian grinned through her swollen lips, “Go figure, just like he was, could never face the consequences of his actions. Thank you my baby boy!”
Jillian moved back into the flat in the back of the yard and sold the house with all the furniture, just two weeks after they buried Jan. Life was good for a few months and Jillian got involved more and more in Leonard’s life as the Rose Angel. Leonard passed his Standard 9 with good marks with his average above 60%. His work in the hospital became more intensive and the people he helped became more and more. His matric year was a year filled with fun and a matric farewell. Unfortunately he had to cancel the dance due to some woman that got beaten by her husband and gang raped by his friends. Leonard could not understand how a man could do this to his wife. Leonard worked hard at his matric and finally completed the year end exams. It was now a waiting game for the final results in December 1987.
Leonard kept on nagging Marie to go to the doctor until one day she fainted walking down the hall to deliver a rose to some woman who was beaten into Intensive Care by her husband. Doctor Mustard phoned John, “John can you come in? Marie just fainted and I want to operate. She is complaining of stomach pain and I can’t find the reason. I need your permission to go on.” “Okay Doc you have permission to go on and when I am there I will sign the release forms. I will bring Marie her hospital suitcase as well as Leonard and Liza. Marie would like to see them when she wakes up.” John called Leonard and Liza and told them to be ready when he got home.
They arrived at the hospital as a waiting Doctor Mustard called John in, “John I don’t know how to tell you this, but Marie has got cancer. The swelling of her stomach was not fat as she used to joke. The swelling was actually fluid collecting in her stomach cavity. The cancer has spread through her whole body, John.” John had to support himself on the desk in Doctor Mustard’s rooms, “How Doc? My angel dying? You lie Doc, it can’t be!” 
Doctor Mustard could not control his emotions, “John, I picked this up a year or two ago in the cancer marker test we ran. I called Marie to draw some more blood to make sure the test results were correct. It came back negative so I thought there was a problem with possible contamination of the first test. The second test was confused with someone else’s, it seems as though that is the only explanation on how we got a different result.” John sat down as the pain shot through his body, “Tell me we have some time left together. I cannot live without her Doc! Please tell me we have lots of time left!”
John’s eyes pleaded with Doctor Mustard, “John I cannot lie to you my friend. Time is limited and with the cancer now exposed to air, it will grow even faster. How long I just don’t know!” Leonard came walking into the room, “Grandpa what’s wrong? Grandma okay?” John looked up at Leonard with his ice blue eyes swimming in the tears, “My boy I think grandma will be in heaven soon. I cannot believe she will be passing on one of these days. Leonard can you tell me why her and not me?”
Leonard looked at his granddad trying to be brave, “Grandpa, Grandma always told me that when someone dies it is like a beautiful rose in a garden. The gardener only picks the flower when it is at its best and ready. I don’t know why or the reason behind it Grandpa, but maybe it is her time to be picked.” Leonard tried to explain as good as he could, but nothing made sense to him at that moment. All the Bible reading and praying could not answer him that question or take away his guilt for not accepting the deal he was made by the dark angel. 
Marie was sent home the next day with a nurse by her side to make her as comfortable as possible for her last few days. Leonard sat next to his grandma’s bed and held her hand while he read out of the Bible. He prayed for Marie and his granddad, for God to intervene and heal his grandma and save their family. 
It was fourteen days after Marie was sent home and the stench of death hung in the air when Marie opened her eyes, “Hey my boy! Where are Liza and grandpa?” Leonard jumped up, “Grandma your awake! God does listen to me! I will call them for you now, o yes thank you God for giving grandma back to us!” Leonard ran to call John and Liza, “John its time my love! Thank you for being my husband for all this time, putting up with all of me! Never forget, my bear, that you are the love of my life!” 
John took Marie's hand in his, “My baby what am I going to do without you? You have given me so much and the love you had for Leonard and me changed my world! I love you my baby!” Marie looked at Liza with the life draining from her eyes, “My baby girl grandma love you and when you feel alone look at the stars I am the one next to your mommy!” Liza could not answer Marie and cried, clinging to John as if her life depended on it.
“Leonard my boy, I’ve loved you from the start. God showed me where you are heading and believe me, it is glorious. Please always remember that God is there for you every day and even if people hurt you or disappoint you, he will carry you. Love you my boy! Please will you read Psalm 23 to me?” Leonard looked at this old woman in front of him, “Grandma I am sorry for this! This is my fault you are dying! The Dark Angel told me he’s going to do this but I fought him and chased him away, now look at you Grandma! I am so, so sorry!” Marie smiled, “My boy, don’t listen to his lies! That Dark Angel is a liar and a thief, never ever believe him, because he will do everything to kill your future! He came to me a few times and I refused to listen to him as well. I almost believed him, but through it all the Word of God in me told me the truth. Always remember that if in doubt, just read, the answers are all there in the Bible. Now please read to me my promise from my heavenly Father!” Leonard stood there and opened his Bible at Psalm 23, “I love you Grandma till we meet again!” 
He started reading with the sorrow etched in his voice, “The Lord is my Sheppard I shall not want. He makes me lie down in green pastures. He leads me beside still waters. He restores my soul. He leads me in paths of righteousness for his name sake. Even though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil, for you are with me; your rod and your staff, they comfort me.
You prepare a table before me in the presence of my enemies. You anoint my head with oil; my cup overflows. Surely your goodness and love will follow me all the days of my life, and I will dwell in the house of the LORD forever. Amen”
Marie’s eyes opened as she looked at her family, “Thank you Lord for keeping your promises to me over the years. Thank you for my family and now Father, I leave them in your hands. Protect them and keep them till we meet again!” With her last breath in her body she smiled, “Here I am my Father, I am home, Amen”
Marie closed her eyes and blew out her last breath with a smile and peace that was framed on her face that only God can give. 


~~~~


Chapter 8 - Being an Adult in Hell

Silence fell in the room as Pastor Pieter prayed, “Lord I would like to thank you for the privilege to have known this beautiful child of yours. We now give her into Your hands and pray that Your angels carry her into Your loving arms. I pray now for John, Leonard and Liza, that you will wipe away their tears and that you, o God will comfort them in the days to come. We pray this in your son Jesus Christ’s name, Amen.”
Pastor Pieter put his hand on John’s shoulder, “John I have no words, but if I can help you let me know.” John was holding on to Liza and Leonard with his body shaking with raw emotion ripping out of him screamed, “Please can everybody just leave! Get out of my house! NOW GET OUT!” Leonard started pushing and directing people out of the house as if they were sheep that did not have any clue on what he actually wanted.
It took a good half an hour before the last of the people were gone. John looked at Leonard, “My boy now it is just us three. Your mom is gone, your grandma is gone and I don’t know anymore.” John left Liza and Leonard in Leonard’s room, “Sis you okay?” Liza looked at Leonard with fear in her eyes, “What’s going to happen with us Leonard? What if granddad also dies?” Leonard tried to look brave and all grownup, “Don’t worry sis, I will look after you, but Grandpa is not going anywhere and even if he also leaves, we will make a plan, I promise.”
John walked into the room where Marie’s body was laying and sat down next to her. The sorrow washed over him and his tears ran down his face, etched with the lines of time, “My baby! I cannot believe you are gone! I cannot believe that I did not see what was happening. Leonard pleaded with us and we did not listen to him, why, why must I be so stubborn?” John must have sat there for a good few hours when he fell asleep with his head on Marie’s cold hand, “ John, o John?” he heard someone calling. He looked up and there before him, Marie, the love of his life, was standing, “Marie is that you?” “Yes John it’s me!” said the figure, with his eyes still adjusting from him sleeping, “This is all Leonard’s fault, he knew I was about to die. You must punish him for me my love! He is the one that killed me. You know the Bible does say an eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth!”
John could not believe his eyes, “Marie you are alive, but you must be dead. Why would you say this about Leonard? It was us that did not listen to him my baby, why should I punish him?” “John my love it is quite simple, Leonard knew about my sickness, how do you think he did? He must have made a deal with the Dark Angel he always talks about! If you love me John, you will kill, I mean punish him for me and if you don’t, you will never ever see me again because that will prove that you never loved me! You need to choose between my love and Leonard!”
John could not believe his ears, but suddenly it clicked inside of him, “Oh so you are the deceiver that everybody is telling me about! My wife has passed on and I know she is in heaven. She would never request this from me!  You tried your best demon, but I will not forsake my love for my wife or our love for Leonard.” “Damn!” hissed Lucifer, “Just can’t get anything past you can I? Marie has shown you how to see through my work, but I can tell you this old man, as I have promised Leonard and now you, I will break you and him and I will take everything away from both of you, even Liza your little girl!” John got angry,   “You can try demon, but it will be one heck of a fight, that I can promise you!” 
John woke up with the anger still rushing through his veins. He kissed Marie one last time on her forehead and pulled the duvet over her face. John walked to the telephone and dialled Doctor Mustard, “Doctor Mustard? John here, you can send the hearse to take Marie to the mortuary. I will start the arrangements for her funeral tomorrow.” He walked back to the spare room to get some rest and walked into Liza’s room on his way there to say goodnight, there Leonard laid sleeping beside his little sister with Liza curled up in his arms. Leonard the big young man, protecting his little sister against the hurt of this world, made John smile and remember the times that Marie did this to Leonard and him.
The next morning the phone rang, “Good morning Pastor Pieter, how can I help?” Pastor Pieter was surprised that John recognized his voice, “John, the church has decided that we would like to contribute to Marie’s funeral and as with Annette, you just need to pick the coffin and the rest we will do.” John smiled, “Pastor no need, Marie asked to be cremated with her ash scattered in the Knysna Lagoon on the anniversary of her death. If you can help me with the cremation arrangements and the memorial service I would appreciate that, thank you.”
It was a hot Thursday afternoon when the memorial service was held. The new church, which was build over the last year, was inaugurated only two months back and now one of the people who worked her hands to the bone to make money to build the church was there to be buried. The church was full of Marie’s friends and even some of the people that Leonard and Marie helped in the hospital over the years came to say their goodbyes. The one after the other person stood up and told the meeting about how Marie helped, or inspired or gave them hope. How she sometimes gave them food and hid them from partners that wanted to hurt them. Finally it was time for the funeral letter to be read. 
Leonard stood up and walked to the front. His eyes were full of tears and his voice cracked like old wooden floors in the winter, “Marie Botha was my Grandma and the wife of my Grandpa John. She was our strength and our love. The one who protected us and loved us. She had no measure for loving someone, she just did, with all her mind, body and soul. She gave her everything to us and now she is with our heavenly Father. Grandpa asked me to write a poem for her and this is for my grandma in heaven and my grandpa still here on earth.
 I call it Marie’s Love....”
The whole gathering stood as one man to acknowledge such a great woman, wife and friend as Leonard read his poem, “ Grandma, Your love saved me when everybody wanted to hurt me, your love kept me safe when everybody tried to brake me, Your love showed me the way when the darkness surrounded me. Your love broke the chains that threatened to bind me. Your love taught me how to love my mom when she hated me. Your love, grandma, now that you are gone, will guide me. I will live out this love you taught me so you can be proud of me.
My wife, friend and lover, Marie your love found me when I was lost. Your love showed me who I was and who I could become. You loved me even when I tried to break you and show you my will. Your love searched for me and our daughter even when we were nowhere to be found. Your love my wife was God given and never gave up. Your love was without expecting anything back. Your love showed me who God is. Your love can never die. I now say goodbye with these words, MY LOVE, I WILL LOVE YOU FOREVER TILL WE SEE ONE ANOTHER IN HEAVEN. Amen” 
The congregation started singing Psalm 23 as Marie’s coffin was taken out by the elders of the church and loaded into the hearse to be taken away.  Pastor Pieter closed the service, “Dust to dust and ashes to ashes so commands the Word of God. Peace be upon you all and may Marie’s life be a beacon of hope in this dark world. Amen”
John, Leonard and Liza went home and sat at the dinner table eating some Kentucky Fried Chicken when Sam knocked on the door, “Good evening John. Need to inform you that now that Marie has gone I have taken the liberty to go to court and apply for custody for my daughter Liza. I decided that I would deliver this court subpoena for an interview and chamber hearing myself. You need to be there next week Monday and if the court decides in my favour, Liza will be with me permanently! I told you we will see one another again old man!” John looked at Sam with anger and disgust, “You could not even wait for my wife’s body to go cold and you try this. It is fine with me! You want a fight, you can have it!” Sam grinned, “You old man don’t have the guts to make this a fight!”
John slammed the door and went back into the kitchen when the doorbell rang again, “Leonard please go and look and if it is Sam again, tell him I got the message loud and clear!” Leonard walked to the door and found Judas, Sam’s second in command at the door, “Hi Judas, grandpa says he got the message, so please leave!” Judas looked at Leonard with a frown, “No boss, I am not here for that. That man is bad! I am here to say I am sorry to hear of your Gogo that has died. Please tell your granddad I am so sorry my boss.” Leonard smiled, “Thanks Judas, will tell him. Judas one question though, you said you would come and get me for running, what happened?” Judas looked angry, “Sam told me if I do this my boss, he would turn my daughter into a whore. My daughter she does not want to listen to me and only see the money. I have tried so many times, my boss, to get her out, but now she also has the AIDS and Sam now hits her so much because she is sick a lot. If I say I am going to the police he says he will kill her and me. I don’t know anymore my boss, we have nowhere to hide!” The tears ran down Judas’s face as he told his story to Leonard. What made it worse was that Leonard knew Tendeka, Judas’s daughter well and helped her many a time to do her homework when she was still in school with him. Judas left for home and Leonard went back to the kitchen to finish his dinner. He could not sleep that night and the following week was like hell. His mind was racing on how he could put Sam straight or beat him at his own game. 
The Monday after the memorial service John left early for the court appearance. He put a plan together to give Sam joint custody with Liza then being able to move in with him, but with a few strict stipulations governed by the court. John stepped into the court room with Sam sitting at a table with the judge already in his seat. “Sorry your Honour for being late.” Judge le Roux looked up, “No sir you are not late. Seems the plaintive did not tell you the procedure. Let me inform you how I do things, I have already spoken to social services who has given me a full and sterling evaluation on your house. I have now spoken to the plaintive and have all his reasons why he wants custody. He will leave now and then you have the opportunity to put your case forward. If I can help it, there will be no court time and hopefully we can settle this as grownups. You understand?” John smiled, “Your Honour I understand and thank you for your time afforded to me on this matter.”
“Okay Sam, you have put your case stated before me and after listening to John I will make a ruling that will be full and final with no appeals allowed. Do you sir, understand the procedure?” Sam nodded and left the building, “Okay John here is what I have. Your wife passed away last week and you are now left with the burden of two kids and a household. Sam has put it forward that your health is also suspect and that he would like to have full custody and have you declared incompetent. The other side of the coin so far is that social service has given you a five star rating and has given you a model of how an adoptive house should look like rating. This in itself makes Sam’s case extremely weak, so what is your side of the story?” 
“Your Honour, Our history goes back a long way. From him abusing my daughter and putting her on drugs to becoming a model father in the last 2 years. I have given him strict rules to adhere to and that keeps him in line. I have thought about this and have decided to make him an offer. If he accepts, we can finalize this case, if not sir, you will see us in your court again!” Judge le Roux looked at John and smiled, “Okay let’s hear the offer.” “Judge le Roux, I am prepared to go the route of shared custody with Liza having a choice to go and live with her dad. The only rules are that social services keep a strict eye on her and monitor her for violence and drugs. I believe Sam can be a good dad but he needs to know he is watched.”
Judge le Roux looked at him, “Even with a history like you have told me about, you will let Liza go? I wonder if it is in her best interest.” John smiled, “Believe me sir, we have a good social services department around here and Sam will have his work cut out if they only do half of what me and my late wife had to do. I believe he will keep to the straight and narrow under those provisos. I believe Liza needs to know that she will be okay if I should pass on as well and this may just give her the stability she needs. Leonard will be going to the army next year and she will feel lost, so why not. Last proviso is that she needs to agree, otherwise it’s off.” Judge le Roux smiled, “Okay John let me think about it. I believe you may just be right. The time alone will also help you greave for your wife without the added pressure of looking after a young girl. You and Sam can be in my chambers tomorrow morning at nine for my ruling.”
John left the chambers that morning feeling empty and so lonely. He wished that Marie was still with him to help and comfort him. He arrived home after the court interview with Leonard waiting for him, “Grandpa my matric results will be out just before Christmas! I can’t wait!” John looked at Leonard and smiled, “Leonard we need to talk as well. There may be a chance that Liza will go and stay with Sam. That is why I had to go to court this morning.” Leonard looked confused, “Why grandpa? Sam is evil! What will become of my little sister Liza?” John smiled, “I will still have custody my boy, but I think it may help her to calm down a little. Then I need to talk to you as well...” Leonard looked scared, “You also going to send me away grandpa?” 
John could see the fear in Leonard’s eyes, “No my boy you and me will be together forever! I wanted to arrange some interviews for you, but then I got the post this morning. In the post I found your call up instructions for your military service.” Leonard could not believe his ears, “Grandpa?” “Yes Leonard you need to be there in January next year. It may be a good thing to go, because your call up is for The Danie Throne Battle School here in Kimberley. This means that you will be close to me and when you get through your basics we can try and pull a few strings so you can live out.” Leonard was overjoyed, “Wow grandpa! Looks like somebody knew to keep me here.” as Leonard looked up with a smile. 
John went to court the next morning as Leonard and Liza was enjoying themselves in the kitchen, baking some cupcakes for their hospital rounds, “Leonard you two must pray for me! I will see you in a few hours time.” Leonard and Liza smiled, “Okay grandpa!” John arrived at the magistrate court and walked up to Judge le Roux’s chambers, “Hello old man! Did not think you would have the guts to be here!” John just smiled, “Sam you are childlike! You celebrate before you know you have won!” Judge le Roux opened the door, “Gents please come in. Okay, I will make this short but sweet. I have reviewed the submissions and Sam your record is not as clean as you would like to show me. On the other hand I have a man of integrity whose record shows that he is a man that can provide for the children...” Sam jumped up, “Judge have you not listened to one thing me and my lawyer told you?” Judge le Roux hit his hammer on his table, “Sit down Sam, before I change my ruling and find you in contempt of court! After consulting with John and hearing his offer, I have concluded that his offer may just be the best for you and Liza!”
Sam looked at John, “What is your offer old man?” Judge le Roux looked at Sam with anger, “Now Sam if I have to call you to order one more time, so help me!” Sam looked at the judge, “I apologise Your Honour!” “Okay then, my judgement is as follows: Sam you are granted shared custody. You sir, will be under probation for the next three years with social services inspecting you as they wish. Any refusal for inspection or any issues raised by John and Liza will be returned to John. The last thing is that Liza has to agree out of her own free will, with social services present. As a last word of warning Sam, John has agreed to a lot, don’t mess this opportunity up or I will personally revoke all your parental rights!” Judge le Roux hit his hammer on his table and greeted the two men. Sam looked surprised and grinned, “John, John, John you are becoming soft! I got what I wanted.” John just smiled, “Yes you got it, but I did it because I thought it would be good for Liza. As the judge said, don’t mess it up or else!”
“Don’t you worry old man! When do we tell Liza?” John smiled, “Sam this old dog still has some fight and influence left, just remember that. I will sit down with Liza tonight and tell her about the ruling and then only will I arrange for the meeting with social services in two days time. Then you can do what you want with my permission!”
John arrived home after a long morning in Sam’s presence, “Hey you guys, when are we going to the hospital? Heard a few people came in last night. Do you know about them Leonard?” Leonard came running out, “Yes grandpa, Commander Venter did not call me because of grandma, but my contact at the hospital phoned a few minutes ago to inform me. We have gone and baked cupcakes this morning for lunch, but this now can go to my people in the hospital. Look we have put sugar roses on the cupcakes, nice and sweet!”
 Leonard, Liza and John left for the hospital and arrived as per normal around three o’ clock that afternoon. The mood in the hospital was dark and it was as if all the good was suffocated due to Marie’s passing. Leonard could not wait to give the staff in his ward some cupcakes and see the new patients. The staff was glad to see him and laughed and hugged him and John, “Welcome back Leonard, we really missed you!” called Doctor Mustard.
Leonard walked from ward to ward and sat down with each woman and child that was in their beds. He talked to them and handed out his rose cupcakes. He held the ones that cried and told them that they were safe. It was in the last room where Leonard met Jessica. The blond haired girl with the ice blue eyes that looked like an angel that fell from grace. This young girl was about two years his junior and Leonard lost his heart to her that day. Jessica was still in a stupor because of the tranquilizers to calm her after the trauma she suffered with her father beating her violently.
Doctor Mustard walked up to Leonard, “Watch out boy, she is damaged goods! Been here a few times now and now her dad and mom has been arrested for abusing her. Don’t lose your heart my boy!” Leonard just smiled, “Doctor don’t worry I will not lose my heart. What is going to happen to her?” Doctor Mustard looked at him, “She will have to go to an orphanage or a family appointed by court to foster her. It is a shame we don’t have a house for kids and people like her.”
It was as if lightning hit Leonard and in his mind he started with his life mission. Leonard left Jessica a cupcake and went home with grandpa. They arrived with Leonard unloading the fish and chips grandpa bought at the corner cafe. John took the plates out of the cupboard, “Liza, Leonard we need to talk. I want to tell you two about what happened in court today.” Liza started crying, “Grandpa what happen? Are they sending me away like they are going to do with that Jessica girl in hospital?”
John smiled, “No my girl! What happened was that the judge agreed with me and that you will have a choice to live with me or your dad!” Liza’s eye started to sparkle, “You mean I can live with my dad? Yippee that is great news! Grandpa, what about you and Leonard?” “Well my baby, Leonard will be going to the army next year here in Kimberley and me, well I have to keep his work going in the hospital till he is back. Everything worked out well, don’t you think?” Liza was so overwhelmed by all the news that she lost her appetite, “Wow live with my dad. When do I move grandpa?” John felt a little agitated by Liza’s eagerness to move, “We have a meeting in two days time with social services and then my baby you are free to go!”
Liza could not wait for the meeting that Thursday. The social services worker came past and Liza agreed on the terms of her move to Sam. John arranged a small little barbeque that evening as a token of peace between him and Sam for the future. Leonard decided to discuss the plan he thought of in the hospital when he heard about Jessica’s predicament.
“Sam can I talk to you?” asked Leonard. “What about Leonard?” answered Sam still celebrating his victory. “Well actually I want to make you a deal!” Sam was intrigued to hear the offer, “Deal? Whatever for?” Leonard smiled, “Well I would like to buy one of your blocks of flats and turn it into a temporary home for the ladies and children we help in hospital as a sort of safe house. I have about three hundred thousand rand from insurance money that was left by my mom and grandma. What do you think about my offer?” Sam ever the business man smiled, “Well Leonard we can talk. One of those buildings is worth about one million rand. I make you a deal though; you put down the three hundred thousand rand and pay for the upkeep. When you are working you and me boy can work out a payment plan for the rest.” Leonard was very excited, “Just remember Leonard, your grandpa needs to sign with you. You are not legal yet.” “I know Sam. Draw up the papers I will have him sign by end of this week.”
Sam could not believe his luck. The week just got better and he knew he had plans, big plans for Leonard and his house full of fresh new girls. Leonard could not wait to arrange a meeting for the planned board of trustees for his new home for battered woman and children. The meeting was confirmed for that Saturday evening with Leonard inviting all of the future trustees to a barbeque to celebrate his matric results that would be out that Friday.
Leonard passed his matric with an average C symbol. To him that was a victory and it gave him confidence for his future. That Saturday evening, the future directors of his future venture arrived one by one, first Doctor Mustard with Jessica, then Judge le Roux and Pastor Pieter with Commander Venter, then his adopted mom Jillian and grandpa with, last but not least, Sam’s second in command Judas. Leonard was prepared with a full presentation and counter arguments for their possible questions. Ladies and Gents before we go and barbeque I would like to talk to you about a proposal I have. I know I am young, but please listen to my plan before you ask questions or reject my idea.”
Leonard started off, “Okay well I had an idea and I need your help. If you agree you will become trustees/ directors in my venture. I have discussed this with Sam and that is why Judas is here and would become Sam’s representative if we can agree on this. Well, my idea is to buy Grandpa John’s house and turn it into a care facility for abused people. The house will be known as the Marie Botha Frail Care Centre. Doctor Mustard that is where you come in, as soon as the people are stable enough to move and can operate by themselves they come her as a safe haven. You can visit them here and give them medically what they need.
 The second part is to bay a block of flats with 12 furnished flats available for them to move into till their spouses are in jail and they are safe. The midway house will be called the Annette Botha House of Safety, after my mom who was also abused in her life by many. We then help these woman and children in that time to get settled on their own. The money I need to pay is a million rand to Sam for the flats. 
Grandpa you and I need to talk about your house. Obviously the rest of the money will need to be paid  but the deal is  I put down what I have and just do the upkeep when I then have the money later on in my life  I then only pay down the rest. Grandpa you and me will then move to the flat at the back and Aunt Jillian, I would love it if you became the house mother at the flats for me. Pastor Pieter you and the church can then help with counselling and after they moved out to their own house again provide the necessary support and after care. Judas you and me will work together and even your daughter when she is ready can come and move in to help at the flats. Judge le Roux your role would be as legal advisor to us if you have the time and will to be part of this dream. What do you think about this plan?”
A dumb silence hung in the room for the maturity of this young man and his plan, “Leonard! I will not let you spend your money on this stupid venture!” said John, “You are too young and your life is before you!” Leonard smiled, “Grandpa this is what I chose to do with my life a long time ago and it involves the people I care about. My studies I will do part time through UNISA and for the rest, when my military service days are done, I am going for an apprenticeship at De Beers Diamond Mine. My surprise to you grandpa is that they accepted me as an apprentice engineering assistant. All you need to do is co-sign and the job is mine after my military service. ” 
John looked at this young proud boy, “Wow my boy you really thought about this! I am so proud of you!” They all looked at one another and smiled, “Okay it’s a deal Leonard! But you need to understand that you will be the main worker here and if we see a problem we will have voting rights so we can stop stupid decisions, okay?” Leonard with his face shining with victory smiled, “The plan is for you to sign a document instating you as directors with voting power and with Liza moving out, we can start with Jessica and help her!” They all laughed, “Think someone has lost his heart people!” said Commander Venter.
Jessica could not believe the generosity of this young man. Her heart felt all warm and fuzzy and she could feel this funny warm glow all over her face. Dr Mustard laughed, “How beautiful, Jessica is blushing!” Judas could not believe this plan that could help his daughter as well, without him even asking for help from Leonard. This gesture from Leonard to Judas was a God sent answer to Judas’s prayers and would lay the foundation of their friendship for years to come.
John and Leonard left for Sam’s attorneys early that Monday morning, “Welcome John and Leonard! Glad to see you and be of service to you.” said Sam all smug. John looked at Sam, “Hope you don’t have any tricks up your sleeve!” Sam had this look in his eyes that showed his satisfaction with John now begging him for help, “Come now John, tricks? Leonard asked for help and I promised Annette that I would help him when I can and now I can. After all, he is Liza’s brother.” John looked at Sam with a frown of disbelief and scanned through the paperwork as he always did and signed the contract. Leonard took the contract, “Well this is where my dream starts! Thank you Sam for the help!” Leonard signed the contract and handed over the transfer slip for three hundred thousand rand to Sam, “Thank you Leonard! It has been a pleasure working with you!”
Sam could not wait for the new meat to move into the block of flats. His plans were laid out to use the insecurity of the women and girls that would stay there and help them to get money even if it meant prostitution or running some of his merchandise. 
Jessica and Jillian moved into the block off flats that week with Leonard and John moving into the flat at the back of their property, opening up the frail care unit for Dr Mustard. The approvals from Northern Cape Social Services came within days after they applied for the permits and Judge le Roux helped them with the legal approval of licences required for these protective houses. Jessica loved her new adopted mom Jillian. For Jillian, she now had a new daughter that kept her busy with Leonard coming to visit them every night. “Leonard you need to go know, Jessica needs to study for her entrance exam at the beauty school in January!” Jillian would say this every night and every night the answer would be, “Aaaa mom! Just five minutes more!” Jessica and Leonard fell in love that summer and even though they both knew that Leonard had two years military service in his future, Leonard knew that his love would last.
Leonard’s two houses were opened on the 1st of January 1988 officially with the mayor of Kimberley in attendance to cut the ribbons. Leonard only had two weeks to enjoy his new found joy and work when John had to take him to the military base just outside Kimberley. John, Jessica and Liza hugged Leonard, “Okay my boy, don’t worry about the houses. We will all look after it for you, okay.” Leonard looked a bit worried, “Okay grandpa! Any last advice before I go?” John smiled, “Nope, keep your head up, work hard and get your rank. Once you have that, the sleeping at home privilege we have planned will happen easier! Okay boy, enjoy the army now and remember it is the best two years of your life which you never would want over again!” Leonard hugged Jessica, “Love you my babe! See you in three months time!” Jessica folded her arms around him and kissed him with a warm smile, “Can’t wait my love! Will write to you every day! Love you!” Liza, Jessica and John hugged Leonard one last time before he walked to the military bases gates where he would serve his two years military service.
Leonard could not believe all the people in the camp. Most of them arrived two days ago and had most of their clothes and admin completed. Leonard was put in a group of thirty boys, not much older than him and taken to their bungalow B4. The corporal looked at them and shouted, “Okay you pathetic pieces of army meat! Your ass is mine. I will be your mommy, daddy, brother, sister and friend. You are in B squadron and my name is Corporal Johnson. I will give you your paperwork in the next five minutes. You then have half an hour to finish it, then we go for your haircut. I see we have a few hippies here that need to see a razor as well as a hair cut!” 
One of Leonard’s group put up his hand, “Sir? Can I ask the barber to cut my hair nice into a style? I have a picture of it here.” Corporal Johnson walked up to him, “Sure you can and while you at it, ask him for a lollipop! Gents from now on you will call me Corporal Johnson and you will be private to me. You will do as I say! If I say fall, you do so, if I say shit, you do so. Now fill in your forms, see you in thirty minutes. You understand?” Everybody looked at him as if he was stupid, “Privates don’t test me on your first day! When I talk to you, you will answer me in one voice! You will say, YES CORPORAL JOHNSON! That clear?” The whole squid looked up and screamed, “Yes Corporal Johnson!”
The 30 minutes passed in a flash, “Privates are you done?” Leonard looked up, “Yes Corporal!” Corporal Johnson walked up to him, “O we have a screamer here! What is your name and number private?” Leonard looked at Corporal Johnson, “My name is Leonard Botha, Corporal! My number is 85674591!” Corporal Johnson smiled, “You forgot private in front of your name, private! Drop and give me 30 push-ups!” Leonard could not understand the anger of this scrawny built little man, “Excuse me corporal, what did I do wrong?” Corporal Johnson exploded, “Private what don’t you understand? Now drop and give me 30 or I will do the same to your whole platoon!” Leonard dropped down and did the 30 push-ups. “Okay privates, you see what happens when you don’t listen! Now next time you listen or else! Okay now walk with me to the barber in a neat line. When he is finished butchering your hair we will go and get you kitted out. Tonight we will get through the final arrangements because you will be in basic training as of tomorrow. You understand me platoon?” the whole platoon answered, “Yes Corporal!”
The platoon arrived at the barber, “Okay Private Botha, you first, seeing that you are a screamer!” Leonard walked in and sat on the chair. The barber did not even greet him and put a little 1, 2, 3 oil on the shaver. He switched it on and pushed it into his hair. Leonard could feel his hair fall to the floor and he knew that he was about to receive a 0 cut. It took the barber only four minutes to finish and as he walked out, he heard the barber laughing and the rest of his squad gasping, “Wow man that is short!”
It took them about two hours to finish at the barber. The kitting out was over in a flash as Corporal Johnson took them through the stores as if he could not wait to get stuck into his squad. They arrived back in their bungalow and locked their clothes in their cupboards. “Okay privates, put on your overalls and army issued sneakers; put your bush hat on your head, because we are going to finish your medicals today. You have five minutes then you are outside!” The platoon wanted to complain but shouted out, “Yes Corporal!” 
The medicals were done to class them into the diffract health groups. Leonard’s group were all classed G1K1. You could see the pleasure in Corporal Johnson’s eyes, “O great! You are 100% fit physically and mentally! How lucky can I get!” as Corporal Johnson walked out, the squad could hear him laugh.
They arrived at their bungalow around five o’ clock that afternoon, “Okay Gents, let’s do the arrangements for tomorrow, for your first three months your overalls and sneakers with your bush hat or combat hat will be your dress code. You will have inspection every morning and if one guy messes up, the platoon will feel the consequences. We will have fitness every morning and classroom training after ten in the morning. Breakfast is at six in the morning, lunch at twelve and dinner will be at six in the evenings. Inspection will be at 5h30 in the morning so be ready. The rest you need to listen to me and you will be fine! Understood!” “Yes Corporal we understand!”
Leonard was introduced to military cooking that evening with the welcoming meal being Chicken ala King; this would later affectionately be called landmine chicken. It was not bad tasting, but the bones were endless. That evening they all chose their beds and made up their beds for inspection the next morning. They woke up at three in the morning with Corporal Johnson throwing mud and steel buckets into the bungalow, “Wake up you lazy pieces of rotten army meat! Is this how you prepare for inspection! Get dressed, seems we need to go and talk a bit about this low class inspection you gave me!” 
Corporal Johnson took them out and made them run till it felt like their lungs would explode. They rolled up in the dusty street and it took them to their unfit limits in only a few minutes as Corporal Johnson told them what he wanted in his inspections, “Yes you thought it was nice in the army, hey! Now at twelve today you will stand inspection again. Your bed will be squared and your clothes ironed and hanging properly. The floor will shine like a mirror and if I find one speck of dust, there will be more of this! Our squadron commander will be with me for this inspection to meet and greet you and I don’t want to be ashamed, you understand me privates?” “Yes Corporal!” They all shouted in unison.
Corporal Johnson came back at six that morning to take them to the dining hall, “Okay we have one guy whose bed is almost where I want it! Well done Private Botha. Look at this bed gents; it is flat like a table with sharp edges! Everything is squared and it looks very sharp. Your clothes in the cupboard should be like that as well. Maybe we have some hope here, looks like you learn quickly!”
After breakfast Corporal Johnson took them for their Tetanise 1, Yellow Fever and B complex injection. Many of Leonard’s platoon came out of the sick bay with tears in their eyes. The rest of the morning was spent on the bungalow and at twelve o’ clock Corporal Johnson and their squadron commander Major Groenewald walked in, “Attention!” shouted Corporal Johnson. Major Groenewald walked through and smiled, “Corporal you may just have hit the jackpot with this group. Looks good for a first inspection. Privates, I need to let you understand that the next three months will be tough, but hang in there! Any problems, talk to Corporal Johnson and he will help!” as Major Groenewald walked out he recognized Leonard from the hospital where he helped his little sister after her husband nearly killed her, “O nice to see you Leonard. Corporal we have a celebrity here for his service. Look after him, he is worth his weight in gold! He helps in the hospital with the battered women and children and with that helped my sister as well. Leonard, any problems, talk to me personally, okay?” Leonard was a little embarrassed but smiled, “Yes Major Groenewald!”
Leonard’s platoon was indeed treated like royalty during their basic training. The question always was, was it because of Leonard or because of their good grades and always winning the fitness tests weekly. With all the training going on, Leonard still tried to keep up with the letters to grandpa and Jessica. At mail time every evening he even had to drop for 20 push-ups when the letter was perfumed. Leonard came to the end of basic training unscathed, first in his class and got to put on his step outs for his first pass. Corporal Johnson walked in, “Okay gents you all have passed your basic training! You are now allowed to put on your company colours and shield. Wear it with pride and always remember our motto, ‘WE ARE THE BEST BECAUSE WE WORK HARDER THAN ANYBODY ELSE!’ Okay, we have identified the following people for further training for leadership. You will receive your white shoulder loops and you need to put them on now, the rest of you can leave. Okay the group I call out now stay, Steyn, Pretorius, Strydom, Petersen and Botha. You five made the evaluations for officer training. Your lieutenant for the next 6 months is Lieutenant Visser and your instructor will be Corporal Clayton. You will be back in camp a day before the other privates to move your equipment over to G Squadron. Okay guys go and enjoy your week at home!” 
Leonard walked out of the camp with his head held high and his step outs looking good, “Private Botha!” Leonard heard behind him. There Corporal Clayton stood, a short stubby man with the face of a pit-bull, “Hope you remember me, or should I say my dad! You got him locked up after he beat my good for nothing mom and sister! You better pray for mercy from God when you comeback, because from me you will get none!” Leonard stood to attention, “Corporal Clayton, this Private would like to advise you to bring it on!”
Corporal Clayton nearly had a heart attack, but seeing Leonard’s family walking towards him, he smiled, “So I will do you piece of shit! Thank you for the invitation.” Leonard turned around and walked to Grandpa John and shook his hand, “Hey Grandpa I have done it, only six more months then I can be home permanently!” He turned to Jessica and grabbed her, “My babe I missed you so much!” He kissed Jessica with a passion that made her shiver. She felt his strong shoulders, chest and chiselled six pack. His hands were strong and he was built like a Greek god. “Okay you two we can talk at home. Let’s first go for lunch because Jillian is already waiting for us!”
They walked into the Horse Shoe Hotel Restaurant, “Surprise!” Jillian organized a welcoming party for Leonard and all the ladies that lived in Leonard’s two houses of safety helped with the decoration. Leonard could not control his joy, “Wow you guys! Thank you for the welcome.” After the party they all left for home, while John gave Leonard feedback on the houses, “Well Leonard we have been very busy for the last few months. All your rooms are full at this moment and we have placed four ladies already in our work partnership program, we started with some big businesses. One or two of the ladies do seem to have found some or other work and are doing well. Even Sam helps out at the flats. He says it is to protect his investment, but I just can’t trust him!” Leonard laughed, “Yes grandpa he is a snake! We must keep an eye on him!”
Leonard and his family arrived home while he took his bag to his room Jessica walked in and hugged him from behind, “My warrior, I missed you so much!” Leonard turned around and looked in her eyes, “Babe you okay? You are smiling, but your eyes tell me your heart is in pain. You okay?” Jessica stepped into Leonard and tilted her head up towards his mouth, “I just missed you my baby, now please kiss me!” Leonard kissed her softly on her forehead then on each eye and then pulled her into his strong arms. Their lips touched and as if electricity sparked between them, their lips tingled and the warmth of their breath was inviting and full of promise. Leonard gave Jessica a long hard kiss when Jillian walked in, “Hey you two I am going to the shops, you need anything?” Jessica and Leonard blushed, “No mom!” “Okay will be gone for a few minutes, now don’t do anything I would not approve off!”
The week went past in a flash as Jessica and Leonard could not get enough of one another. All the free time between fixing up the buildings, visiting the hospital and talking to their friends were spent talking and just loving one another. It was time for Leonard to go back to camp, “Jessica, I love you my babe! Just six months more and I am home every night. Study hard in beauty school, okay.” Jessica looked at Leonard, “Yes baby will do. Look after yourself and remember I love you!” John took Leonard back to camp, “Okay my boy, now the test starts! Looks like that Corporal Clayton is waiting for you! Always remember, when your mind gives up, your body can still go much further! Mind over matter my boy!” Leonard hugged John, “Thank you for the advice grandpa. Look after Jessica and yourself, see you in six months time.”
Leonard walked to the gates and smiled as he saw Corporal Clayton, “Aaaaaa Candidate Officer Botha! I have been waiting for you! We can start tomorrow, welcome to hell boy!” Leonard just smiled and walked on. The squadron induction was complete by twelve o’ clock when they were introduced to Captain Pretorius, squadron commander and Sergeant Major Laurence. Corporal Clayton walked into their bungalow, “Okay gents, you are no longer a private you are now called a CO or Candidate Office. The rules are the same, but I will call you CO. You are the elite of this base and I will sift the weak from the strong. Don’t give me reason to pack your bags because I am looking for an excuse! Okay tomorrow we start your training, so we will wake up at about six and then have breakfast at seven in the officer’s mess. We will then complete your paperwork and then start your classes. If you get under 80% for a test, you will be dropped with immediate effect! Understood CO’s?” The bungalow answered back, “Yes Corporal Clayton!”
Leonard should have seen through this nice facade, but they thought they have arrived and now would be treated as officers. Well they got that thought right, they arrived in hell! The next morning at three o’ clock, they were woken up with shouting and beds being overturned. Leonard got a kick in his back with Corporal Clayton shouting, “You are in hell now, Rose Angel, I am bringing it on as you invited me! The whole squadron was dressed and ready within five minutes and they were taken to the flats of Armageddon. The parade ground was so called because that was the place where more blood was spilled during training than in any war they would come in. They were issued with a marble and had to run and fall with it. The squadron was introduced to their new sense of brotherhood and pain. At the end of session Sergeant Major Laurence walked up to the squadron, “Okay gents! You have just been inducted  into G Squadron. Look around you, the guys standing next to you will become your brother! If he hurts, you will hurt! You will be proud of this squadron and protect your brother at all costs! You understand me CO’s?” The whole squadron answered, “Yes Sergeant Major!” 
“Okay CO’s fall into your platoons and go and clean up! You will have a full inspection tomorrow morning and if you fail that inspection, today will look like a picnic!” Corporal Clayton walked up to Leonard, “and you will not last two weeks here, I will see to that!” That afternoon they had to go for their Tetanise 2 and Yellow Fever injections again which gave them time to prepare for their inspection. Their floors looked shiny and their beds where squared up the next morning. Corporal Clayton walked in to come and check before Commander Pretorius and Sergeant Major Laurence walked in. He walked up to Leonard’s bed, “Looking sharp CO! I can’t have that.” as he took a bottle of water and sprayed it on Leonard’s clothes hanging in his cupboard. The water relaxed the creases and Leonard’s inspection looked like the dogs breakfast. Commander Pretorius walked past with his white glove, “CO Botha, your inspection looks like crap! Corporal you know what to do with a slacker like this, take him and show him respect!”
Corporal Clayton could not wait and marched the whole bungalow to the parade ground, “Okay CO’s, now look carefully what happens to someone I hate! If you don’t want to be there then you better perform! Corporal Clayton drilled Leonard at double time for about 45 minutes till it was time for breakfast and after that another hour till the classes started. Leonard was tired and beaten down. That evening before dinner everybody assemble for dinner and he would be called out and chased around with his marble till there was only five minutes left before the kitchen would close. By then Leonard was not hungry and just left for his bungalow. The other CO’s hated him because he would cause them to lose inspection due to Corporal Clayton’s interference and he even got a blanket party one night where he was beaten so bad that he had to be taken to the medical station.
There Leonard met Paul van Wyk, a medic and the cook at the kitchen, George van der Westhuizen, “You look bad Leonard, what happened?” Leonard told them the story and as always these two boys offered him help as they did for anybody in his position, “Hey we have heard about you and that Corporal Clayton character. If you come past our bungalow in the evenings you can come and eat there. If we tell you not to eat, rather skip the meal because we sometimes do things to the food, to let’s say, get even with the people calling us gay and queer!” Leonard just smiled as Paul cleaned him up.
The next morning was a full inspection and Corporal Clayton walked up to him with his water gun, “Time to get you of this CO course Botha!” Leonard walked in front of his clothes in his cupboard, “Now Corporal Clayton, I think I have taken just about enough from you! You touch my inspection again and that goes for any of your cronies in this bungalow and you and I will have a problem!” Corporal Clayton smiled as he shot some water into Leonard’s Clothes, “Try your luck CO!” Leonard felt the anger push up in him and knocked Corporal Clayton down with a right hook. Leonard did not see Commander Pretorius listening to the conversation at the bungalow window nor did he see Sergeant Major Laurence looking at the fight, he picked Corporal Clayton up and beat the snot out of him. One of Leonard’s buddies Jeff Hartman had to hold him back as the whole bungalow came to a shouting feast. As Corporal Clayton lay on the ground bleeding from his mouth and nose, Commander Pretorius instructed them to go to his office, “You two in my office now!”
There Commander Pretorius heard the full story and what happened to Leonard in the last five months of training, how he got chased around at night and how his inspections got ruined by the corporal. How he got food from the cooks after hours because he just could not eat after some water bottle PT. Commander Pretorius called Corporal Clayton in after he heard all the evidence, “You can be glad I don’t send you to the Detention Barracks for this Corporal Clayton. You will be reassigned tomorrow, you can leave this squadron now! You are not welcome here! O and while me and Colonel Boerstra decide on you, Sergeant Major Laurence will give back to you what you were so kind to dispatch to CO Botha.”
Leonards new Corporal was an old friend from basic training and he had a softer hand. His bungalow performed the best at tests and fitness just one week after he took over. The course time ran out and Leonard and his platoon had to go on their final route march. It would be held in the Drankensburg and they would have to walk the 125km in two days. The route was laid out on the borders of the Goldengate reserve and was known as an extremely challenging hike. They arrived that Friday afternoon with the sun shining and in high sprit. They put on their full kit and walked to the assembly point 10km out of the home base. 
The next morning they were informed that a storm system was heading their way and that it would bring extreme cold and rain. This hike would not only test their resolve but their leadership skills. They were given a map and three points they had to visit where at least three people of their troop had to sign. They were given a stretcher, a water can with three R5 rifles and a radio to take with them. If they clocked in before the deadline time, they would pass their last test, if not, they would fall out only five days before they would be awarded their lieutenant stars. Leonard called the troop together, “Okay boys this is our time now. We need to get our signatures and finish. The quicker we do it the better. One thing though, we all finish or we all fall. If you are not taken of medically, you finish with the troop, that a deal!” The whole troop put their hands in, “Let's go!” 
Leonard took the lead for the first 10kms to checkpoint one. The whole troop walked up and signed the register, “From now on gents this is our signature, everybody signs!” The next leader took over and by late Saturday afternoon Leonard and the boys arrived at checkpoint two where they where medically reviewed and given the green light to move on. They decided to walk up to the edge of Ribok Ridge and camp there for the night. That would leave them 55kms to home base and the finish. That evening they arrived at their overnight camp site with the wind blowing and rain falling down on their tired bodies. Everybody built themselves a little tent with their poncho rain covers and ground sail. Leonard was settling in when one of his sworn enemies, Olivier one of Corporal Clayton’s followers, looked into his little shelter, “Leonard please man, can you help me. I left my ground sail and poncho in Kimberley. I did not think it would come and rain, please man, I am wet and cold.” Leonard looked at him, “Okay Olivier, get your stuff in here. Just be quick because it is cold!” Olivier moved in and Leonard was pushed to the edge of his tent. 
The water came rushing into his sleeping bag and everything was wet, sleep was nowhere to be found because his legs cramped when he pulled them in not to get wet. Lucky for Leonard he had enough savvy to bring dry clothes with. The old ones he could ditch and lighten his load with everything else that had extra weight from the rain. Olivier woke up with his legs cramping up, “Aaaaaa my legs! Leonard I am walking down, I can finish this!” Leonard could not believe his ears, “Say what? Listen to me Olivier; you back out now, we are all done! Even if I have to drag you through Generals-, Lieutenant- and Corporals peek myself, but you will finish with us! Get yourself some backbone man!”
They left their overnight base after having some rat pack breakfast. Their pace was blistering with five of their troop walking and signing of their last check point at the top of Generals peek. Leonard’s troop started having problems with their feet and ankles as they walked down the steep mountain cliffs. Once or twice they were lucky with guys falling down and people catching them by their webbing before they slipped and fell down the cliffs. Eventually they reached the gravel road back to home base. At a stream they were greeted by Sergeant Major Laurence who gave out there evaluation forms to do their buddy rating. 
It was there where they decided to run their last 500m to the camp just to show off. They arrived in camp 3rd overall and first on their route. A nice barbeque was arranged and they all sat at the fire with their feet full of blisters and sores.
A day before graduation, they were asked to assemble at the officer’s pub. If you received your blue card you could go in and get your Lieutenant stars, if not it meant you were thrown off. Leonard was last in line when Corporal Clayton came walking out, “CO Botha, I asked for this opportunity to first apologize for my actions. After thinking about it and seeing your determination, I went home and spoke to my mom. She told me the full story and not my dad’s version. I am pleased to give you your blue slip and am proud to salute my new lieutenant.” 
The next day they stood in their platoons on Armageddon parade ground and as they were called out one by one, their families stood and applauded them. Colonel Boerstra called out, “Leonard Botha! This young man finished top of his class and is therefore promoted to full Lieutenant and as part of his duties as of tomorrow, he is transferred to social services to continue his work to help the community of Kimberley.” 
Leonard walked out onto the podium where Colonel Boerstra put his rank on his shoulders, “Well done my boy, you got through incredible difficulties to make it!” Leonard stepped back and saluted Colonel Boerstra and turned around and saluted the families in attendance. “I now declare this class of 1988 graduated and ready for service!” as Cornel Boerstra saluted them, the squadron lifted their berets and threw it up in the sky.


~~~~


Chapter 9 - Treachery and Forgiveness

Leonard walked off the parade ground with his silver stars gleaming in the sun, “Hey grandpa, how are you?” John was so proud of his boy, “I am doing well my boy, well! Your mom and grandma would have been so proud of you!” Leonard looked around, “Where is Jessica?” John smiled, “Yes, yes my boy in good time. She and Jillian has arranged a party at our house again. Shame, they are so proud of you!”
John opened the boot of the car for Leonard to put his bags and clothes in, “Well Grandpa I am home from tomorrow onwards. I have to report at social services here in camp in the morning to get my orders and then I am off to the hospital and police station for duty. I cannot believe how blessed I am!” “Well my boy you worked hard for it! Determination is something that runs deep in our veins my boy.”
They arrived home with the smell of barbeque in the air. Jillian stormed Leonard, “My boy, well done and welcome home!” Leonard looked around, “Where is Jessica?” Jessica came around the Cornér of the house, “Leonard at last!” She walked up slowly and smiled, “Welcome back big boy! You look awesome in your uniform.” Leonard grabbed her around her waist and picked her up, “Baby girl I love you to bits!”
It was around January 1988 when the government of South Africa announced that military service will be reduced from two years to one and a half years to one year in 1990. Leonard could hardly contain his joy, “Grandpa have you heard? I will be done with my military service in June and not in December as originally called up for! I have already gone to De Beers Mining HR Services to inform them and they have started the process to get me studying in July at the collage here in Kimberley. I am so excited!” John could not believe his ears, “You sure about that Leonard? Wow, now your future can start!” Leonard laughed and grabbed Jessica around her waist and swung her around and around, “Jessie baby, my army days are almost complete!”
Jessica smiled with her heart no longer true to Leonard, “Well that sounds great.” Leonard looked at her, “Jessica something wrong?” “Leonard why must there always be something wrong? I am glad for you; my exams for my Diploma in Beauty will be done at the same time, so I stress a lot. It’s not always all about you, okay!” Leonard was confused but would not let Jessica’s mood spoil his excitement. What Leonard did not know was that Jessica lost her heart to Sam, the man with all the money. She and Liza became good friends and with her visiting Liza every weekend, she started falling for Sam’s charm and wallet full of money.
Sam always took them out for dinner, films and games. He gave her money, lots and lots of it, for new clothes and shoes. Sam himself could not keep his eyes of Jessica, she looked like Annette with only one difference, she had no scars. He had big plans for Jessica and with Leonard in the mix he really could get his cake and eat it. 
Leonard finished with his military service on the 30th of June 1988. His care houses worked well and their success where mounting. He started with his studies at Kimberley Technical College that year and worked hard at it. Lucky for him, most of the work was mathematical in nature, with very little spelling. 
Jessica completed her Diploma in Beauty and with Liza nagging Sam for money opened a Beauty Salon in Kimberley. Jessica worked hard to build her brand and it was not long till she had a client base that could sustain her lifestyle. Sam came to inspect the salon every now and then, “Wow Jessica! You really have put my money to good use!” Jessica was extremely pleased with herself, “Yes Sam and it is all thanks to you!” Sam walked up to her, he could feel the warmth of her body pressed against him and could hear her breathing faster, “So Jessica, how about saying thank you?” 
Jessica could not resist Sam anymore, “Sam I have loved you since the day you bought me my first pair of shoes. Come here...” She pressed herself against him and kissed him. She could not stop herself and just had to have more of him. She ripped his shirt open and started loosening his belt buckle, “Jessica wait, what about your beloved Leonard mmmm?”Jessica looked at him with the fire of her soul burning in her eyes, “What about that loser? You think someone as beautiful as me want a grease monkey like him. I have got style and I deserve you!”
Sam could not agree more; he grabbed her and threw her on the couch in the salon. It did not take long for the fire in them to bring them to the point of eruption, with them both lying on the floor of the salon out of breath and sweaty. “Jessica you will give me a heart attack! Wow girl that was magic!” Jessica smiled, “Well then old man, if you want more, you know where to find me! O yes how was that for a thank you?” Sam just laughed, “Babe if you thank me like this for the small things I do for you, what about the big things! Just one thing baby, don’t tell Leonard just yet about us, okay. I have a special plan for him.”
Jessica looked at Sam, “You mad Sam, tell him? I have a nice little flat he provides for free and when you are ready, you beast, we can make our moves. For now, let’s say we have a mutually beneficial friendship!” 
Leonard could not believe the coldness he experienced from Jessica. She could not wait to visit Liza and Sam every weekend, leaving him alone to study or go to hospital. When he wanted to take her to the road house for a film and dinner, she declined, just saying she feels sick. It took him six months just to get her to go with him to a decent restaurant and that was after she made him dress in a tuxedo, insisting that if he has any grease under his nails that she would not go. Leonard was extremely confused, but kept his eye on his N6 Mechanical Engineering Certificate which would secure Jessica and his future. On the other side of the coin were Jessica and Sam who could not leave one another alone for a day. They arranged to see one another in the field next to the road, or in the Halfway House Motel and  her Salon. Jessica was like a drug to Sam and he would get mad if Leonard came close to her. 
Leonard finished his Engineering Certificate with distinction in 1993 and he got promoted to full engineering assistant in 1994. Sam could not wait for this, “Hey Leonard so you are now a big boy. Time to get the rest of your contract going.” Leonard smiled, “Jip, its time Sam. I have saved another fifty thousand rand which I have instructed my bank to transfer to you. My debt to you is now six hundred and fifty thousand rand.” Sam just laughed, “Leonard, Leonard what about the interest my boy? Okay given, we have not worked out an interest rate, so let me make you a deal.” Leonard frowned, “Interest, deal?” “Yes big boy read the contract! Well because you are Liza’s big brow I will fix the amount you owe me. The main debt is six hundred and fifty thousand rand still to be paid and I will add one hundred and fifty thousand as interest, bringing your total to eight hundred thousand rand. You then pay it at five thousand a month till it is finished!”
Leonard made the calculation in his head, “Okay that gives me 160 months still to pay or thirteen years and three months. We are now in 1994, that will get me paid up in 2007. Wow that is a huge commitment. What if I pay more?” Sam smiled, “Well it would mean you finish quicker. The amount is set and if you agree we will start from this month on.” Leonard could not believe this mountain of money he still had to pay off, “Okay Sam, I will decide and say yes or no by tomorrow. I need to discuss this with my directors.” Sam now became impatient, “Don’t take too long! If I don’t have an answer by tomorrow I will ask you 25% interest per year and if you don’t pay I will break your legs and take away the flats!” Leonard had to laugh, “Sam maybe in your dreams you can break my legs sir and even there I will whip your ass!”
Leonard called the directors of his charity together, “Thank you for coming at such short notice. Sam has now invoked the second part of his contract with me. He wants payment for the outstanding amount.” “Okay Leonard, what does he want?” asked Doctor Mustard. “Well doc he wants eight hundred and fifty thousand rand! That is a full and final settlement amount and all the interest is included. If we don’t except, he will start charging 25% interest back dated and that will kill us in the water. I have decided that I will take on the five thousand rand a month payment or ask him for a yearly payment of sixty thousand rand. That will give us time to do some fundraisers that will reduce the financial burden on me.” John got up and paced the room, “So that criminal wants to tap you dry for thirteen years? That bastard!” 
Leonard laughed, “Grandpa as you said, determination runs in our veins! I am going to settle with Sam long before that time. This charity is my mission in life and you gents have helped me a lot. The debt is against me and you grandpa and with this deal I will transfer the debt to myself, making our critical care unit safe from Sam. Now with this said gents, I will need your help with the fundraising part and the payments I will do even if we can’t raise the money in a specific year. That okay with you guys?”
Judge le Roux was first to speak, “Okay Leonard that is fine, but this time I will draw up the loan documents. He will not have the pleasure to screw you over again.” Judge le Roux drew up the documents and sent it as an addendum to the old contract. Sam did not like this interference but could not afford to anger a judge he may have to face in the future.
“Okay Leonard here is the contract. Sam agreed to transfer all the debt to you and with that clear your grandpa. He also accepted the sixty thousand rand per year payment over the next thirteen years and three months period with the proviso that in 2006 you pay the final seventy five thousand rand thus making the agreement a twelve year fixed term contract. I have also put in a proviso that we can pay off the amount quicker. The only thing he added was that if you should pass away before the amount is paid off in full, that the building will revert back to him and that he will only be liable to pay back fifty percent of the already paid money. If you don’t have any further question and are satisfied with the terms, you can sign each page.”Leonard signed the contract, “Well Judge, now the big work starts.” 
Jessica and Sam could not believe how gullible Leonard was and how much money they were about to make from him. Leonard worked hard and it was easy with the fundraisers to get in money to help with the payment and up keep of the flats. It was in 1996 that Jessica became extremely sick with the flue. It took Doctor Mustard several prescriptions of antibiotics to get Jessica healthy. It was in that time that Jessica became ill again after a few weeks of Sam in her salon. Jessica went to the chemist to get n pregnancy test, “Please, please don’t let me be pregnant!” Unfortunately for her, the test came back positive, “Sammy baby, I need to tell you something...” Sam knew that he had heard those words somewhere, “Don’t, just don’t tell me you are pregnant Jessica!”
“Sam I was sick and it looks like the pill did not work! You yourself gave me those pills to drink baby. What did you think Sam, sex makes babies and is not just fun all the time! I think it is a good thing because now...” for the first time Sam looked at Jessica with disgust, “You thought what? That I will marry you? Or that I will let you move in with me? Girl my plan for you was to keep close to Leonard, what am I going to do now?” Jessica was shocked, “But you said...” “What did I say Jessica? Our plan was to break Leonard and take everything he has, that was the plan!” Jessica started crying, “What am I going to do now Sam?” Sam looked into the blackness of the night, “I know!” He looked at Jessica as if he was about to sell a piece of meat, “It will all be okay my baby it is 1996 and this year is a leap year, which has big potential. Now let me tell you my plan...”
Leonard was sitting behind his computer looking at the budget of the Annette Botha Charity when Jessica walked in, “Hey Leonard you busy?” Leonard looked up at this beautiful young woman, “Just checking the books baby. What can I do for you?” Jessica walked up to him, “I need to apologise to you. I have been working very hard and the stress to pay the bills is killing me. Sam now has also come to me for pay back of the money he borrowed me and if I can’t pay, well the suggestions he made is horrific!” Leonard could not believe his ears, “Say what?” He picked up the phone, “Hello Sam what the hell? You stay away from Jessica you understand!” Sam laughed, “Well as long as she pays me, all will be well!” Leonard threw the phone down, “Okay Jessica how much? Well Leonard with the interest worked in two hundred thousand rand. I can pay it, but if I go short it will become a big problem.” Leonards blood was boiling, “That bastard! Okay it is no use screaming! If you are short let me know and I will try and help, okay?” Jessica smiled with n twinkle in her eye, “Thank you baby! You know I love you so much!” 
It was Jessica’s birthday that weekend and Leonard and Jillian arranged a small get together for Jessica. Liza and Sam were also invited with all the members of the charity. The party was for six and everybody arrived on time, “Okay Jessica now it is our time to put our plan in motion, don’t mess it up. We are going to make lots of money out of this idiot, Leonard, my girl!” whispered Sam. Jessica gave Sam a quick kiss before walking out, “Happy birthday to you, happy birthday to you! Happy birthday dear Jessica, Happy birthday to you! Hip hip hurray!” Jessica enjoyed the attention and all the presents especially the one that Sam bought her, a two carat diamond ring. 
Jessica walked to the front to thank everybody for the party and presents and called Leonard forward, “Leonard you saved me in hospital and took me into your home without any problems or complaining. You loved me just because you wanted to. I want to say this in front of everybody that I love you so, so much!” Leonard could hardly breathe as Jessica continued; “Now seeing that this is 1996 and a leap year...” as she went down on her knee, “Please would you do me the honour off becoming my husband?” Sam at that moment nearly lost it but kept his cool and remembered the bigger picture and plan.
Leonard could not believe his ears, “Wow my baby! I love you so much and just encase anybody wondered, the answer is yes!” Their friends cheered and started dancing! Leonard put the ring that Sam gave on Jessica’s finger, “Where did you get this ring?” Jessica smiled and lied, “It's my mom’s ring she never used. It’s beautiful don’t you think?” Leonard smiled, “Jip babe that it is!” That evening Jessica was sitting in Leonard’s arms while holding her tummy, “Leonard can we get married as soon as possible? I don’t want to wait any longer. We have known one another now for a few years, please?” Leonard frowned, “Why the haste babe? I would like to give you a wedding you deserve and that said, we have a lifetime ahead of us.” Jessica looked deep into his eyes, “I cannot wait one day longer to be Miss Botha. Please think about it, promise!”
The next day John walked into Leonard’s room, “Wow my boy what an eventful night. Your engagement and the party! Jessica is a real sweetie pie! Well done on the choice!” Leonard looked up, “Well grandpa here is the thing; we want to get married as soon as possible. We decided to ask Judge le Roux to preside. We don’t have lots of money for church and meals so the court thing will be good for us. One day we will have enough money and then we will do it properly!” John nearly fainted, “Why the haste my boy, is she pregnant?” Leonard laughed, “No grandpa not at all. We just feel it is time.” John was not satisfied with the answer but agreed reluctantly.
The date was set fourteen days later with Judge le Roux doing the honours. Judge le Roux drew up a contract as part of a prenuptial agreement. Jessica did not even read it, “Leonard I sign this without reading it. This is to show how much I love you baby!” Leonard signed the contract as well, “Well babe that makes two of us. Never read it so we can concentrate on our life!” Judge le Roux finalised their marriage licence and introduced Leonard and Jessica as Mr and Miss Botha to the group of people gathered there.
Doctor Mustard offered his guest house in Hermanus to the honeymooners as well as a car with petrol. They left that afternoon on their week vacation in paradise. They arrived in Hermanus late the next day and unpacked. Jessica could not keep her hands of Leonard. His body was firm and carved from stone. After the army Leonard started running with Judas to keep fit and used the police gym to keep toned. That night Leonard would never forget. Eventually Leonard had to ask Jessica to go to sleep because he was so tired.
Jessica kissed him and put her head on his chest smiling. She knew that her job was done and that her and the baby’s future was secure in the knowledge that Leonard would never even know that the child she was carrying was Sam’s. Jessica could not wait to get back home to Sam’s arms to tell him about their success. They arrived home one day earlier because of an emergency at the hospital with one of Sam’s ladies of the night recruited from Leonard’s home.
Leonard left for the hospital, “Babe I will be back in about an hour. Commander Venter wants to see me at the hospital.” Jessica could not wait for Leonard to leave, “Okay baby I will be at the salon if you need me!” Jessica waved Leonard goodbye and phoned Sam, “Sammy baby we are all set! Please can we meet at our hideout please, please! I need to feel a real man and get this grease monkey out of my system!” Sam agreed and they met at the hotel, “Well done Jessie! Now the future starts and when we are done with him my angel, you and I will have our future!”
Leonard walked into the hospital, “Commander Venter what can I do for you?” Commander Venter looked concerned, “Leonard, you and me may have a problem!” Leonard was totally confused, “Why commander?” “Well things are like this, I have to arrest you on suspicion of running a whore house from your flats.” Leonard could not believe his ears, “Commander? Wait on minute here, says who?” Commander Venter walked closer with the hand cuffs, “Leonard, do you remember Leone? She told us everything!” Leonard looked at commander Venter, “Commander why would I do something like that? Tell me what she told you?” Commander Venter looked at Leonard with contempt, “Don’t tell me you don’t know! She told us how they got recruited by a young man. He told them that you knew about it and that it was an opportunity to make money. She said that when she could not bring in the money anymore he beat her. So what do you think?” Leonard could not understand why Leone would do something like this, “Commander my whole life I have fought against this scourge now I am accused of this! Before we go, can I make a call to a friend that may know what is going on?” Commander Venter agreed, “Okay but if he cannot help we must go!”
Leonard phoned Judas, “Judas could you meet me at the hospital in ten minutes?” Judas agreed and arrived with Leonard in Leone’s room, “Hey my brother what can I help you with?” Leonard and Commander Venter waved him in, “Judas I need you to be honest with me, do you know this lady?” Judas looked at Leone, “Yes boss I know her, but I can explain...” Commander Venter took out his cuffs, “Judas you better start talking to me because you may just end up in jail today!” 
Judas sat down on a chair in the room. The tears were flowing down his cheeks, “My boss it all started when you bought the flats from Sam. He started recruiting the ladies from your house and Leone was one of the first recruits. My boss you must believe me, I tried to stop him, you must believe me! He one night abducted my daughter Tendeka and my wife and told me he is going to kill them. I begged him not to kill them. You remember the scar on Tendeka's back you asked me about? Well Sam gave it to her with the promise if I tell you he would finish the job. My wife is working in his house and he uses her as insurance! I don’t know my boss, I am so afraid. Commander, Sam moved me to his good businesses so I don’t know much of the drugs or prostitution business he does anymore, but I can talk in court if you need me. Please, please boss, just help my family!”
Commander Venter was smiling and if it was not for his ears he would most probably have halved his head, “Well, well Leonard at last I have someone in Sam’s inner ring that will help! Think we will do a raid on his house!” Judas looked at Commander Venter with fear, “Commander he has nothing in the books and his house is clean. He has many front companies to hide the drug and prostitution money.” Leonard smiled, “Commander, let us raid his house! We have the get Judas’s wife and Tendeka. We then put them in protective custody and then use Judas to feed us the intel. Once we have enough evidence we then arrest the bastard. What do you think? Judas are you in?” Judas all excited hugged Commander Venter and Leonard, “My boss, my brother lets catch him as long as my family is okay!”
It took Commander Venter only a day to get the court order in place for the raid. They stormed into Sam’s house that Sunday morning at six o’ clock, just missing Jessica getting into her car and driving home. They arrested Sam on charges of human- and drug trafficking. They took Judas’s wife Lettie, his daughter Tenteka and Sam into custody transporting them to the police station. As they expected they found nothing, but the ultimate aim was to remove Lettie and Tendeka.
Sam was released two days later with a smile and a sorry for the inconvenience, bad lead. Sam was furious, “Judas what happened? Where are your wife and daughter?” Judas was couched well and fell to his knees, “My boss you must have them! They are with you! What have you done with them my boss! I kept my side of the deal, what have you done with them my boss! Please don’t kill them!” Sam was totally taken aback by this passionate plea, “Judas the police arrested me and now you tell me your wife and daughter is gone? What the hell is going on? You know what, it’s those Nigerians! I bet they know what is going on! They have started a turf war! Okay so that’s the game! Okay Judas get my guns together, I think it is time to clean my streets!”
That night Sam was in Jessica’s salon when the first shots wrung out over Kimberley. Leonard and Commander Venter just could not keep up with the body count and the innocent people that got hurt in the fight. By the next morning 35 Nigerians were killed and ten bystanders were in hospital. Judas phoned Leonard, “My boss, how do you like this? Sam does not even think we are on to him and on the upside, he has cleaned the streets a bit.”
Leonard and Commander Venter laughed at Judas, “My friend you have been in the streets way to long if you think a body count of 35 is a good thing!” Leonard arrived home and slumped down on his bed. Jessica came walking in with a cup of coffee, “Hey my big man rough night?” Jessica was still sticky from the night before with Sam, “Yes Jessie baby, I have never ever seen so much blood in one night! Lucky for me it is Sunday, so instead of church baby, I am going to sleep!” Jessica saw her opportunity, “Well daddy hope you enjoy your nap!” Leonard turned around, “Jessie what did you say?” Jessica smiled as she turned around to walk out, “Yes baby, you’re going to become a daddy!” Leonard could not believe his ears, “When? How? But you are on the pill!” Jessica smiled, “Yes but remember when I was so sick, looks like the antibiotics cancelled out the pill. Baby, you and me will be mommy and daddy soon!” Leonard could not believe his ears, he jumped up and ran to Grandpa John and Jillian screaming and shouting, “We are going to have a baby grandpa!” 
John and Jillian was shocked, “Say what? But your honeymoon was only 2 weeks ago, how?” Leonard would not listen to their concerns and ran up and down in the street shouting, “I am going to be a dad! I am going to be a dad!” Leonard phoned Liza, “Sis you’re going to become an aunt, can you believe it?” Liza looked at her dad and just knew there was more to this, “Congratulation Leonard! When will the baby come?” “Don’t know sis, but we will see Jessica’s doctor tomorrow! We will let you know!” Jessica and Leonard saw Doctor Langer the next day. Doctor Langer was on Sam’s payroll, “Well you two, seems like the baby is a honeymoon baby and it will come in November or December.”
Leonard was a proud father to be and worked hard at building their new house for his family. He managed to keep the payments up to Sam, which irritated Sam, “Jessica how does Leonard do it? He paid your salon money fifty thousand rand this year plus the sixty thousand for the flats! He is building a house, how does he do it?”
Jessica could not answer her lover, “I don’t know Sam! The fundraisers bring in the money for the flat and my money he saves each month. The house, well I recon his grandpa is helping with that.” Sam looked at Jessica in anger, “You tell me, what is the use of having you there, or shall I say sharing you with that loser, if you can’t give me any details?” Jessica stared at him in disbelieve, “Sam this is all you, lover boy! Your plan, your baby and your money! Remember the bigger picture?” Sam just looked at her, “You know in my younger days you would have been in hospital like I did to Leonard’s mom but now I am older and wiser and not as stupid to give Leonard the chance to lock me up! Bloody Rose Angel!”
The 01 January 1997 Sam and Jessica’s boy was born with the names Leonard Samuel Botha. Leonard was very impressed with his little boy, “Grandpa, look at my boy! The red hear and gray eyes! He looks like his mommy but will pee like his daddy. Leonard popped a cigar into all his friends’ mouths and lit them. With coughing all around he laughed, “To my son!” Jessica could not stand all the celebration for her and Sam’s son. Sam arrived with Liza, “Well congratulation Leonard!” Liza walked into Jessica’s room, “Well done Jessica! Or should I say liar .....” Jessica looked up at her, “What you mean?” Liza looked at Jessica, “That little boy is my father’s boy! He has the same birth mark! How could you do this to my brother?” Jessica smiled at Liza, “O so you know? Well bitch, if I was you I would stay quiet! How would brother dearest feel if he knew that you knew about me and your dad? So keep it for yourself or your daddy may not be so nice to you anymore!”
Liza looked at her, “Jessica, you and my dad’s day will come and when it is here, payback will be a bitch!” Liza walked out and hugged her brother, “Congratulation Leonard, beautiful little boy! Look at that heart shaped birth mark, looks just like mine!” Leonard looked at Liza’s mark and then at the baby’s, “He is a Botha that’s for sure!” Life with the new baby in the house was fast and drained Leonard’s energy. Leonard junior would only sleep on Leonard’s chest and when he woke up he got Leonard’s attention by trying to suckle on his nipple. Leonard would feed him and do the nappies at night and in the day Jillian would take over from him.
All Jessica was interested in was to get to Sam. It was about three months later when Jessica came home one night after working late as usual, “O Leonard where are you?” Leonard just put junior to bed and walked out the room, “Here I am baby and junior is sleeping!” Jessica smiled, “well I have healed nicely now and I would like my husband in bed with me for a change!” Leonard could not understand the sudden interest from Jessica again, but as the old saying goes, beggars can’t be choosers. It was like on their honeymoon and Leonard just could not get enough off Jessica. Eventually they fell asleep as Sam came into the house to visit his little boy. He sat with him and gave him his soother and was almost caught when Leonard walked in to come and give him his bottle. 
Three weeks later Jessica announced that she was pregnant again. Leonard nearly fainted and Grandpa John could not believe how stupid Leonard could be, “Leonard my boy, what the hell are you doing? Have you not heard about condoms or the pill? Two kids in two years? Come on my boy!” Leonard looked at John in amazement, “Grandpa you said it! I used condoms when we did it and she was on the pill or so she said. The condom must have broken so after this one I am going to go for a vasectomy and it is not as if we have the sex life of rabbits. Jessica is normally extremely cold towards me and if we have sex it is normally a big issue with her to the point that I had to go and sleep in the spare room once or twice. I have written it down to her teen years in the house, but this is ridiculous and you are right, two kids this close, wow! We cannot afford to have this one but next baby is coming, so we have to make do!” John could not believe it, he taught Leonard everything he knew and even Jillian would warn him.
What they did not know was that Sam and Jessica decided to have another child. This would fit into Sam’s plan to make it financially impossible for Leonard to keep up the payments to him and his new house. Fortunately Leonard’s management team at is place of work was very impressed with Leonard and his charity work in the community and promoted him to head of Social Grants and Support. This position took Leonard up to director assistant and more than doubled his pay. 
A little girl was born to the Botha family on 6 December 1997 and was called Annette Jillian Botha. Jessica did not like the Jillian part, but had to put up with the name so that Leonard would not become suspicious, “Sam I have been married to Leonard for two years and before that put up with him for even more, I need to get away from him! Every time I touch him it is as if my very soul turns to ice! I can’t stand him even looking at me, please can I get a divorce now? He has two kids now and nobody even knows they are actually yours. Please Sam I need to be with you, I cannot live, nor want to live, without you!”
Sam could not believe this woman before him, “Jessica, you think I like you being with that bastard? You think I like him looking after my kids? Every time you go back to that house I want to go with and kill him! Every time I have to remember the plan and say to myself when he has finished paying then we make our move. Just hang in there for a few more months, baby, then we will see where he is going and if we need to change the plan, then we will!” Unfortunately for Jessica this was just more lies from Sam and would go on for a few years and not months as he promised.
O but Leonard loved the kids. He would take the stroller on his evening runs and take the kids, as he would call it, for a spin. John and Jillian’s concern grew with every passing day and months, because they could see how Jessica became more and more destructive with Leonard. The kids grew up fast and eventually went to school. Leonard now in a director’s position at the mine paid of Jessica’s salon with time to spare. He bought more houses to expand his social support network and started new Annette Botha houses of protection in all the major cities in South Africa. 
It was on a director’s visit to Cape Town that John, Liza and Jillian got talking, “Grandpa I need to talk to you and Jillian. I just can’t keep this in me anymore and I don’t know how to handle it.” John and Jillian looked at Liza, “Liza? What is your problem?” Liza sat in front of them with big teary eyes, “I have a suspicion that Leonard’s kids are not Leonard’s kids, if you catch my drift!” John and Jillian grew pail in their faces, “What do you mean my girl?” Liza unpacked the story, “You see grandpa, all Leonard’s kids have the same heart shaped birth mark.” John smiled, “Yes we also thought it funny, but it is so brother and sister like! We think it makes them special with a mark shared between them.” Liza was distraught, “Grandpa I have the same mark and my dad Sam has the same mark as well. I think dad and Jessica has been a couple behind Leonard’s back for years now. I think Leonard junior and Annette is my brother and sister!”
You could have dropped a needle on the floor and it would have sounded like a big bell ringing on a Sunday morning, “Liza are you sure?” Liza picked up her shirt and in the small of her back was the same mark as both Leonard Junior and Annette. John, Jillian and Liza first cried and then they got angry, “How much more could people hurt Leonard?” John walked over to the window and looked out over the beach where Leonard was playing with the kids, “He loves those kids so much, but if we keep this lie going and he finds out he will be devastated if we did not tell him. How are we going to know the facts?” Liza who was studying to become a nurse answered, “Grandpa it is easy, there is a test called DNA Profiling that they do these days. They look at the DNA Markers and can tell with 98% accuracy. Below 95% is an absolute no above 98% is an absolute yes. All we need is hair samples from everybody and my buddy in the lab will run the tests.”
They agreed to get the tests going and send in the hair samples, it took the lab about six weeks to get the results, “Grandpa I have the results!” John and Jillian could not wait to hear it, “Okay Liza let’s see!” John read the results and gave it to Jillian to confirm, “It is positive! The kids are not Leonard’s. How the hell did we miss it! How will we tell Leonard? He is preparing for the Comrades Marathon with Judas! How do I tell him?” John could not hold his anger back. He called Leonard, “Hey my boy how about you and I go fishing for a day. No kids, no women, just you and me like in the olden days?” Leonard agreed and Jessica was just too glad to get rid of Leonard for the weekend. Her plan was to go to Sam and then Liza would babysit the kids. Leonard did not know this little fact though and Jillian made as if she was going to visit a sick aunt. 
The evening before the fishing trip Commander Venter came to visit Leonard and Judas as they were busy barbequing, “Okay boys, we have now for nine long years put Sam under surveillance and investigated him. We are at this point of arresting him for murder, drug trafficking and the list just grows longer. We should be ready in about two months’ time so watch out!” Leonard gave Commander Venter a Coke and invited him to stay for the barbeque to celebrate.
John and Leonard drove out to their fishing spot early the next morning. Their lines were in and they enjoyed a morning coffee from the flask, “Leonard my boy, we need to talk and I need to tell you something.”Leonard looked concerned, “Grandpa you okay? How did your medical go. Please tell me you are okay!” John looked at Leonard with so much love and compassion it could have filled the earth at that moment, “Leonard I am okay but you my boy have a problem!” Leonard now very concerned, “Grandpa what’s up? The charity is okay and if we have a problem we can fix it. Financially we only owe Sam one hundred and forty five thousand rand and we have enough funds to cover that. What problems do I have? My family is doing well, what is this about?” 
John gave Leonard the results, “Read this my boy. We did not want you to get hurt, but we have to try and protect you!” Leonard read the results and as he read it, he felt his heart break into a million pieces, “Grandpa my kids are actually Sam’s kids? How can this be, how could Jessie lie to me? My heart feels like a bloody mess!” John walked over to Leonard and grabbed this man, his little boy, and just held him, “My boy I am so sorry! I think she is with Sam right now living it up on his plot just outside of town. Liza has got the kids and her friend has text me to say the party is going.” Leonard looked at John, “Grandpa I am so disgusted right now! For nine years I put up with her crap and for nine years had to beg for the slightest bit of attention. I gave her everything I had; I loved her without condition, now this!”
John should have seen it coming, Leonard turned around and ran to the car, “Leonard don’t my boy, we can go later, just calm down first!” Leonard did not listen to John and drove away. John phoned Commander Venter to warn him that Leonard was on his way to Sam’s plot. 
Leonard arrived at Sam’s house forty five minutes later with Jessica and Sam sitting in the jacuzzi enjoying their little party, “Jessica, what the hell are you doing here? How could you do this to me and lie to our kids? Explain yourself you whore!” Sam jumped out of the jacuzzi, “You called her what?” Jessica sat there with a smirk on her face, “No Sam let me answer him! You Leonard are no man in my eyes. You can’t even keep up with me or my spending. Who do you think bought me my new clothes and my wedding ring? You can’t even afford proper clothes for the kids. O yes and the kids are Sam’s kids. You see you stupid grease monkey, me and Sam played you like a fiddle and abused you and your goodness. You see Leonard, the good guy always loses and that makes you the biggest loser of them all! I just wanted to tell you while you are here that I will be divorcing you, me and Sam decided that it was time our family got together. Now my dear grease monkey, you can get lost!” 
Leonard could feel the anger erupting in him, “I paid off your salon! I gave you a home when not even Sam wanted you! I gave you everything I had...” Sam stepped in front of Leonard, “Boy it was clearly not enough! You were not enough of a man for a whole lot of woman like Jessica. Thank you for the extra money boy, it financed a lot of drugs and made me millions. Bruno take this fool away and show him what will happen to him if he comes back.”
What happened next was savage and brutal. Leonard was beaten up to where he was within an inch of his life. Bruno and his thugs broke Leonard’s legs and nearly crushed his knees. Lucky for Leonard Commander Venter arrived in time to save him. Leonard was airlifted to Kimberley hospital where Doctor Mustard put him back together. John and Judas where waiting when Doctor Mustard came out of surgery, “John, Leonard’s leg’s are not looking good. We saved one leg, the other one will never be hundred percent again. He also suffered some internal damage to his heart muscle and we hope he will survive the surgery.”
John was so angry, “Lucky for that bustard Sam the police arrested him. I have had it with people hurting my family! He would not have survived it if I only could get hold of him.” Doctor Mustard took John by his shoulder, “John now is not the time to be hateful. I think that God is the one that will explain all these things to us one day, but for now Leonard needs us to look after his kids and his homes.”Pastor Pieter arrived as John was walking out of the hospital, “John?” John looked at Pastor Pieter with empty eyes as Liza told Pastor Pieter what happened, “Liza I know this does not help you guys now, but God will come through for your brother.” It took only a few minutes for everybody in Kimberley that knew Leonard to arrive at the hospital. From Leonard’s window in the hospital Doctor Mustard could see the cars stopping and people getting out with candles lit and all of them standing and praying for Leonard. Doctor Mustard could not help but cry for this great show of love and affection, “God if you are really there, please hear our prayers. If not for me then for all of those people outside that love this young man, please spare him one more time!”
Leonard was still in dream land when it became dark around him and he could feel his body give up, “O Leonard it’s me again, your favourite dark angel! I told you I will destroy you and everything you worked for! Thank you to old faithful Sammy boy. You are mine boy, as your dad promised! So make it easy on yourself boy and just give up!” Leonard looked up at Lucifer, “You are a destroyer and deceiver and to you I will not bow! I may be dying but I will not negotiate with you!” Lucifer grinned at Leonard with his yellow teeth shining like the sun, “My boy you will not die now because I want to show you my last play. You always choose the hard way, so you want to play, let’s play boy!”
Leonard woke up as Doctor Mustard came to check on him at three o’ clock that morning, “Well welcome back my boy, you gave us a big scare! Your heart stopped last night and we had to revive you, but you’re back, THANK GOD!” Leonard was still confused but glad to smell the hospital and see all his friends that he worked with over the years.
Sam was released on bail the next morning and just wanted to relax after a night where he was jailed with a few Nigerians that got arrested for drug dealing. Jessica and the kids knocked on the door, “Sam we are here honey!” Sam opened the door and slapped Jessica so hard that she could taste the blood in her mouth, “You slut! I was in jail with a bunch of Nigerians and you are packed to move into my house! Go back to your grease monkey, you served your purpose! Leonard is beaten and I will get his block flat back, so get!” Jessica was stunned, “But Sam you said...” Sam picked up his hand, “Now get away from me, you good for nothing bitch. You think that I would trust you after playing around with you behind Leonard’s back for so many years? You were an expensive good time and I even thought we could make it, but after thinking about it last night, I have only contempt for you! Now get out of my face!” Sam slammed the door in Jessica’s face with so much force that the door cracked at the hinges.
Jessica could not believe what happened and got in her car. She drove to the hospital and walked in on Leonard and Judge le Roux talking, “Leonard I am so sorry for this, can you forgive me?” Leonard looked at her with tears in his eyes, “Jessica I forgive you yesterday already, but with forgiveness comes forgetting. Judge le Roux will send you the divorce papers later today. I think you should have read the prenuptial agreement eleven years ago as well. You broke every rule in there and signed off all your rights if you should do so. The divorce is based on infidelity plus your kids are not mine as this DNA test show. Thus you forfeit all rights and walk out of this marriage with nothing. Even the house we stay in was bought by the trust for our charity and you signed off your rights to that as well. Don’t know how Judge le Roux new this will happen, but you are now free to go to Sam with nothing, as you came. I love those kids and I will miss them, but my life starts now!”
Jessica did not know what to say or do and turned around and walked off. She knew that the only person that ever loved her just because she was Jessica just gave up on her and that he would never take her back. They found Jessica five days later gassed in her car with her two children with a small note to Leonard, “Leonard you loved me and my children yet we deceived you. I am so sorry and want to say to you that you are a real mans’ man. Please forgive me and hope to see you in the afterlife!”
Sam was furious with Leonard for killing his kids and Jessica. He could not fathom how someone that told everybody about unconditional love could do this to the ones he loved, “I will avenge my kids!” he screamed.
Leonard healed nicely and was back in training two months after his beat down. He was about to run his first Two Oceans Marathon when Sam met him and Judas next to the road, “Hello boys, remember me? You Leonard killed my Jessica and children and I want payback!” Leonard and Judas stood back to back, “Sam you chased them away, not me. I just set her free to be with you and now it is my fault they are dead?” Sam grinned with his whiskey breath filling the night air, “Well I am now going to take your flats away from you. I want all my money this year or the flats come back to me!” Leonard just laughed, “Sam the contract states next year is my last year. Remember the addendum?” Sam looked a bit confused, “O yes I remember. Okay then here is my deal to you, you are preparing to run your first comrades next year and it would seem your preparation and rehab is doing well. Let’s put a wager on it, if you can complete the marathon in nine hours or less I will pay all your money including the salon money back to you. That means I give you back one million three hundred thousand rand. If you lose, I want my flats back and your family house. I have an investor that would like to build a supermarket in the area. Deal or no deal?”
Leonard looked at Sam, “I would love this fight to be over Sam, but with you it will always come back.” Sam smiled, “Boy I will disappear if I lose, because after my court case and paying you back I will be broke, so again, deal or no deal?”
Leonard thought about it, “Okay deal but we write the rules down now and if you interfere with me or Judas or if I think you are interfering with my family, you lose!” Sam smiled and got a piece of paper out of his car. They wrote down the rules and signed it with Bruno and Judas signing as witnesses, “Well boy see you after the marathon next year. The 2006 year will be a red letter year for both of us, good or bad!”
Judas could not believe the deal Leonard struck, “Boss you think that was wise? You are getting better but sub nine hours? I don’t know.” Leonard laughed, “Well Judas I just have to, but let’s get through this race and at least qualify. Tomorrow we have a drill championship for the police force where our precision drill team will compete here in Cape Town and then we can worry about this challenge, okay!” Leonard ran the Two Oceans Marathon and completed it with in the qualifying time for the Comrades Marathon.
The director ship of the trust was not impressed with Leonard’s deal, but after Leonard showed them the contract that he drew up with the specific clause that if the flats would be paid before the race was finished, that the deal would be null and void, they just laughed. Leonard had invested some money over the years for the charity and it was more than enough to pay the outstanding amount five times.
Leonard and Judas prepared for the Comrades Marathon with Doctor Mustard monitoring Leonard’s health. It was a week before the marathon that Doctor Mustard did his last medical evaluation, “Okay Leonard you and Judas look fine. Your heart is a concern, but the monitor you have will warn you when you are over doing it. Your knee and hip are a bit stiff for my liking, but will most probably loosen up when you run. Just keep to the plan and we will beat Sam forever!”
The next week was good for Leonard and he visited all his homes around the country. He handed out t-shirts and asked everybody to support him. It was now the night before the race and Leonard and Judas ate their last big pasta meal to load up on those carbohydrates. Leonard switched on the news to look at the weather when the news reader announced, “Well with the Comrades Marathon tomorrow, we picked up on a story that is truly heart warming. Tomorrow Leonard Botha is running in the marathon to save his Home for Battered Woman and Children. In the words of the community, GO LEONARD GO! It gives this reporter pleasure to share this story with you, the public, and would like to ask the public to support this cause because I would not be here if he did not give me the chance and saved me! Now for the weather...”


~~~~


Chapter 10 - The Final Battle

Leonard and Judas arrived at the starting line around five o’ clock the morning of 16 June 2006, “Okay Leonard my brother, remember the plan! We need to get over Drummond before five hours has passed to be able to make it in nine hour. That gives us about ten kilometres every hour or six to seven minutes per kilometre. My boss if you feel bad at any stage of the race you need to talk to me, okay?” Leonard just smiled, “You know Judas, you worry too much!”
Leonard was greeting a few of the competitors when Sam tapped him on the shoulder, “Morning Leonard good to see you! I am so disappointed that you did not chicken out!” Leonard turned around, “O Sam how nice of you to come and wish me luck!” Sam smiled, “I am here to protect my investment you idiot! See you at the end in Pietermaritzburg. O and watch out on the road boy, it is rough and tumble out there lots of thieves and stupid athletes running the streets these days!”
Leonard just laughed, “Sam don’t you worry about me, if I was you I would start running, because this war stops today!” Sam stepped up to Leonard, “That basted, you got right!” As Sam picket up his cane to walk away, he felt a hand on his shoulder, “Sammy boy keep walking! This race will be fair and if you try any tricks just look around you. Leonard has got some protection from his friends!” Commander Venter stood there with his marathon club, “Wow commander you guys running the race?” “Nope Leonard we are here for the thieves and robbers as Sam just noted! We run interference and replace our guys in the race every 30 km’s. They are marked with their dark blue head bands and ribbons. O and some advice Leonard, move your time token to your wrist so you can see it. This will not only remind you of the task but I have seen people get disqualified for tying it to their shoe and losing it,”
Leonard and Judas moved there tags to their wrists and moved to the front of the mass of people that came to run the race. At six o’ clock the race starter lifted his arm and pulled the trigger. The shot sounded out over Durban and the race was on its way. As Leonard put out his first step he prayed, “God this is me Leonard! My whole life I dedicated to you and you know I love you! Please be with us in this race and I pray that your angels will be sent to protect us and may I win my race with Sam to Your glory! Amen!” 
The TV sports commentator gave a rundown on all the athletes and the people with the best chances, “Well in my opinion Frit van de Merwe has a good chance in the ladies race but the men’s race is open. We are also going to keep an eye on the runner Leonard Botha. His race is not for first but to finish below nine hours, this will save his trust for battered and abused women and children. This novice has got a lot of support and as we can see the people going over the starting line, we can see hundreds of people wearing his t-shirt saying “Go Leonard Remember the Goal”! We have also talked to his admin staff and if anybody would like to contribute to his charity you can do so at the numbers below or transfer money to the banking details also shown below. We spoke to the Comrades Marathon organisers and asked them why they adopted this project? Their answer was that this is special to them because in some shape or form, this man has touched them directly or helped someone they knew. It would also seem that his cause has captured the imagination of the country and even the professional bookies have him at a 21 to 1 chance of making it. So all I can say is Go Leonard Go!” 
The pace was fast and Judas had to remind Leonard a few times not to get caught up with the pace, “Leonard slow down bro, we have a plan!” Judas and Leonard ran at a steady pace with the one after the other milestones passing. First target was Berea then the Durban boundary and Cowie’s Hill. This was the first check point with Doctor Mustard, “Hi guys you feel good?” Leonard took his bottle of water, “Yes thanks doc, so far so good.”Doctor Mustard plugged in his computer to Leonard’s monitor and downloaded the data, “Okay Leonard you and Judas look good. Keep the pace and stick to the plan!” 
Judas and Leonard ran up Fields Hill to Winston Park and passing there next target Botha’s Hill with ease. The escort arranged by Commander Venter had problems of their own, not being use to the pace that Leonard and Judas were setting. Leonard and Judas passed Drummond, the halfway mark, in 4 hours, 47minutes, 38seconds, way ahead of their schedule, “Okay Leonard let’s look at your vitals again. “As Doctor Mustard hooked up his computer to Leonard and Judas’s heart rate monitors, Leonard just smiled, “Doc I feel good! My leg is in good shape and my heart feels fine, just now and then a flutter. You worry too much doc!” Doctor Mustard looked concerned, “We are only protecting our most loved person my boy! The flutter may be a problem Leonard! Your pace needs to drop a bit so you do not over exert your heart. Remember the plan and schedule you two. Last piece of advice rest a bit in the next 40km and remember Polly Shots is the back breaker and the graveyard of many a runner in this marathon.”
“Okay Bruce, how does Leonard look? And will he be able to achieve his nine hour run?” asked the TV commentator to Bruce Fordyce a veteran of the Comrades Marathon, “Well Steve he is ahead of schedule now but he is starting to lose momentum. The Comrades Marathon is not won in the first half but in the second half where fatigue starts setting in. The runner’s mental outlook is tested here and if he can push through the fatigue wall, he will make it. We will see if he has that ability!” “Thank you Bruce, we have phoned his charity and it looks like he has a big following in SA and as it stands, he has gotten more than a million rand in pledges and thousands of people next to the road with his t-shirt on has donated some money as well. This is truly magic and what the Comrades Marathon is all about!”
Judas called Leonard, “Okay boss we need to slow down now and rest for Polly Shorts! We go down with our pace to between eight and nine minutes on the kilometre till we are through Little Mpusheni. We then take Polly Shorts and then we have ten kilometres to the end! You understand me?” Leonard smiled with the fatigue showing on his face, “Yes Judas let’s go! You know my friend, as I run here, my life is also running in my head and I have been through all the good and bad in my life. I felt the sorrow, the love and the anger I worked through over the years. Now with this one run, I aim to not only beat my enemies but will put those feelings to rest as well! After this a new life will await me!”
The milestones dropped and although Leonard and Judas lost some time, they were still ahead of schedule. “Okay boss, now we need to concentrate! This hill is a demon and will kill us if we do not help one another!” Leonard feeling the strain on his legs just smiled, “Judas, I now understand why this hill kills you. My body is tired and my legs rubber and now you take the strain of this hill! Wow what heartbreak it must cause. Okay Judas back to the plan! Fall in behind me and I will break the wind for the first half, midway you take the strain to the top!” The sweat from Judas’s body was dripping on the road as he took in some water and cooled himself off through the water mist tunnel, “Okay my boss lets break this hill’s back for your Gogo and mom!” Leonard and Judas ascended Polly Shorts and reached the top. Their schedule was shattered and they were still twenty minutes ahead of that schedule.
Doctor Mustard did his last surveillance, “Okay Leonard, the heart is still fluttering?” Leonard was out of breath, “Jip doc but it comes and goes. My heart rate monitor tells me when I go too fast but for the rest my legs are like rubber and hurting, but I will finish this race.” “Okay Leonard it looks like you hit a slight heart beat problem with your heart and I need to tell you this concerns me. You have lots of time boy, slow down and rest your legs and get your heart rate down, okay?” Leonard wiped his forehead with a cool ice pack, “Okay doc, now can we go, we need to finish?” Doctor Mustard gave them the all clear and notified the paramedics in the stadium to be on standby in case Leonard had a problem. 
It was at this point the race became a problem. Out of nowhere two thugs jumped out behind some trees and stormed Leonard. They hit him with some knobkieries and injured his leg, head and even caused enough stress to get Leonard’s heart racing... Leonard’s legs went into spasm as he fell and Doctor Mustard ran to aid him. Lucky for Leonard his police escort jumped the two men, but the damage was done. Leonard had a cut on his head and some trauma to his chest. The stress put his heart under some strain and to top that, damage to his bad leg ligaments was enough to slow him down. Leonard lay on the ground with his body invaded by pain, “Aaaaaaa my legs, my knee! Doc I am battling to breathe, help me!” Doctor Mustard kneeled next to Leonard, “Okay boy just relax and breathe! Nurse, get those leg muscles out of spasm. Let’s see the rest.” 
Judas and a group of Leonard’s supporters formed a circle around him, “Come on Leonard remember the prize!” Doctor Mustard examined the knee, “Leonard I don’t know if you are going to finish boy. This is bad and if you keep on going it will aggravate the problem! Leonard, Sam was paid yesterday so you don’t have to finish, please my boy, let’s go to hospital!” Leonard looked at Doctor Mustard with tears in his eyes, “Doc if I don’t finish I will never ever be rid of Sam and I would have lost to my nemesis. Do what you need to do, but get me on the road and the rest is up to God now!” Doctor Mustard bandaged Leonard with sportsman tape that supported the ligaments in his knee, “Okay Leonard only ten kilometres left. Judas look after him now okay? You have lost about fifteen minutes with this and we planned a twelve minute per kilometre run from here. Let’s do it now!” Judas nodded, “Okay my friend let’s kill this demon once and for all!”
It spread like a wild fire through the crowd in the stadium where the finish line was that this worrier got attacked and injured. As Leonard hobbled along, the pain was killing him and he had to stop once or twice to adjust his shoe laces because of the swelling in his leg. It was at this point where a bunch of runners with his t-shirt on made a circle around him and shouted, “Leonard we are here for you! Come on sir we will finish with you!” Leonard just smiled and started running with Judas. 
“Bruce it would seem that Leonard Botha was attacked on the road, what do you think?” asked the TV commentator, “Well Steve I don’t think he will make it. With his injuries the last ten kilometres can feel like a Comrades within a Comrades Marathon! I don’t think he has the speed or the mental capability. A novice just does not have the experience to make it. He will finish, but if I need to guess it will be more to nine hours, 30 minutes! But in my time as Comrades King I have seen the magic flow and if I look at the crowd, there is magic in the air, so just maybe!”
Leonard pushed on, “O God the pain, please help me!” As Leonard grew closer to the stadium he could hear the crowd chanting, “Leonard, Leonard, Leonard...” He could feel the energy in him building and the people next to the road threw roses at him. The closer they came, the more this energy started to pull him. He tried to run faster but the tape interfered. Leonard could feel his heart rate pounding and missing a beat as he started taking off the bandage around his leg, “Leonard what are you doing my brother?” screamed Judas. Leonard looked him in the eyes, “Judas even if this is my last run ever, I will win this race! This is for me, my mom, Grandma Marie, the people in my houses and for God! Now keep up, we have time to make up!”
Leonard ran like he only started the race and the pain in his knee did not matter. His heart monitor was beeping, warning him of strain on his heart, but that did not matter either, he just saw the stadium. As Leonard entered the stadium he had five minutes left to finish the race and received a rose from one of the fans in the crowd. He could feel his heart cramping and his leg wobbling due to the grass that was way softer that the road and uneven.
Leonard ran like there was no tomorrow and with twenty metres to go and three minutes on the clock, his leg gave in and he fell to the ground. Judas stopped and fell next to him, “My boss you okay?” Leonard looked at Sam, “My brother I think I am in trouble! My heart feels funny and my leg, well, has given in!”
The crowd was screaming at Leonard to get up and finish. You could see them crying and if it was up to them they would carry him themselves. Leonard slumped to the ground, “My boss!” Judas was crying, “Please let’s finish! Hear the people, it is all for you! My boss even if we crawl, let’s finish this thing, we still have time!” Leonard could hear the crowd as Judas spoke to him and then opened his eyes. In front of Leonard was Lucifer smiling, “You know boy, I told you I will take everything away from you! You will not make that line, as I said to you, now you believe in me?” Leonard looked up to him and smiled, “You just don’t know when to quit, do you Lucifer?” at that moment Leonard heard his mom’s voice, “Leonard my boy focus and beat this thing! Come on my boy get angry and win!”
It was as if Leonard understood and for the first time in years let Squeal out of his bottle. His eyes turned blue and green and he put his first hand in front of him! Leonard crawled every meter while the crowd screamed.  He dragged his useless leg behind him and focused on the line, “This is for my mom you killed Lucifer and this move for my grandma, this one is for every woman you have tried to destroy and this one for every child you have caused pain! This one is for my dad and this one for my little sister!” The cut off official walked out with his gun held high. Everybody in the race forgot about their times and screamed for Leonard. The crowd with their t-shirts on, which they received as they walked in to the grounds, chanted and screamed. Judas looked up, “Boss you will not believe this but everybody has your t-shirt on! Come on my boss listen to me we only have five more meters! The crowd started counting down 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5 Leonard looked at the line in front of him, “Lucifer this one is for me, and you demon, LOSE!” Leonard, with a last lunge forward, with his arms, legs and heart failing on him, crossed the line with his hand with his race chip on over the line. 
The crowd erupted and you could hear people shouting, some were crying and some were praying. The medics came running and started to do CPR on him. They loaded him in the ambulance and drove off to hospital. Then the announcement was made, “Mr Leonard Botha is stable and on his way to hospital and if you are interested, his official time is, 8 hours, 59minutes and 56seconds. He has beaten the clock and won his personal race to save his life’s work!” The crowd erupted in song and joy and you could hear the chanting, “Leonard, Leonard!” Going over into song Ole, Ole, Ole, Ole you are the champ, you are the camp...”
Leonard was admitted to Durban General Hospital and transferred seven days later to Kimberley Hospital. The organizers of the race brought his medal framed to him, with a gold medal set next to his bronze for achievement. Things could not be better with Sam paying back his money and his charity set with funding for at least two years after the outpour of support from his South African supporters group.
Leonard was in bed looking out over Kimberley when Sam walked in, “Well look here. The champion that beat me! You cost me a lot of money you bastard!” Leonard smiled, “Sam, like I told you, start running! Now you can disappear for all time!” Sam grinned at him with the hatred etched in his eyes, “You boy may have won that battle, but the war is mine.” Sam picked up his cane and hit Leonard in the face. “You see bastard, I still have one clause to call on and that is if you die! I am going to help myself with that one a bit!” Leonard tried to get up, but Sam hit his fingers and knee with his cane, “Nope, not just yet. You see my friends gave me a little drug that will put you out of my misery. O no Leonard, it will not kill you, but people will think you are dead. The bushman uses it when they are bitten by a snake. It lowers their heart rate to the point you would think they are dead. They wake up a day later and the snake bite does not affect them as bad because their immune system had time to fight the toxin. Now my boy, enough of this will put you to sleep for five days and by then you will have been cremated as you have wished in your will, just like your grandma. You can feel everything and hear everything, but cannot do anything!” As Sam took out the syringe and needle Leonard looked at him, “Sam even in death I will beat you. I will not bow to you or anybody else so do what you must, but remember this, God never sleeps!”
Sam just laughed as he injected the serum, “Boy when you are burning alive I will be the one laughing, not you! When I take back my flats because you did not pay me in full, I will be laughing not you!” Leonard could feel his heart rate slowing, “Well Sam, I have a surprise for you, the flats was paid the day before the race, by me. My attorney has given the deposit slip to your attorney and all the transfers have been signed by Judas who you gave signing rights in your absence and seeing that you were hiding, well, he signed. Heads up, the police will also be coming for you soon because Judas gave them all the info they need to prosecute you. Let’s say you have time till I am dead, then your time will come! Thus in the words of Leonard Botha, YOU LOSE!”
Leonard slipped into the darkness due to the drug. He could hear Sam screaming and the nurses and doctor running in. He could hear the doctor calling his time off death at 23h55 Sunday evening. He heard how Doctor Mustard phoned his Grandpa and sister Liza to break the news. He heard the people in the mortuary talk about him as if he was dead. He felt them dress him and put him in his coffin. Leonard screamed at the helpers working with him, “Can't you see I am alive!” Eventually one of the mortuary men noticed that he was warm for a corps. Unfortunately they could not hear him screaming in his mind nor did they report it to the mortuary manager.
They closed the coffin and left Leonard there for his church service the next day, “Hallo Leonard my boy!” Lucifer came laughing out of the darkness. “Well, well we do have a problem now. You will be dead tomorrow this time but I can save you if you just bow to me!” Leonard looked at him, “You will save me if I accept you?” Lucifer laughed, “Yes my boy. You know I keep to my promises! I can see you are not sure yet so I will leave you to think a bit before I need your answer boy!”
Leonard could not believe his eyes or the arrogance of this beast before him. He fell asleep and woke when the coffin was lifted to take to church. 
Leonard prayed, “Father God we seem to have a problem here. If you don’t help me I will be dead in a few hours from now. My work on earth is not done yet, please help that someone will see I am still alive, but God if that is not your will, please give me the strength to make it through this hell into your arms. God I now commit my body, mind and soul to you once more and may Your will be done! Amen” Leonard arrived at the church at ten o’ clock that morning and his casket was taken to the front of the church. The top lid was opened for his loved ones to say goodbye for one last time. As the people passed he heard them crying and felt their tears on his cheek. 
Jillian was the first of his inner ring to say goodbye, “Leonard my boy I love you so much. I cannot believe that you are gone! You gave me hope and life when you saved me. Love you my boy!” Jillian kissed him on his forehead and it broke Leonard’s hart. “Jillian please look at me! My eyes are fluttering please see it! I am alive!” Jillian did not see the slight flutter of his eyes and walked into the church.
Judas, his long time friend, walked up to his coffin, “My friend thank you for saving my family and being my friend! You taught me how to live and helped me to help myself! My boss I will remember you and I promise you I will keep on fighting for your rose people and together I, Liza and Grandpa will heal this town!”
Grandpa John was next and the sorrow washed out of his soul, “My God why did you take him! He was all I had left of Marie and Annette! Why God, why did you take him? If I could I would have given my life for him my God, why?” As the tears fell on Leonard’s face he screamed, “Grandpa I am alive just look at me!” John kissed Leonard on his lips, “My boy I love you! Sorry for all the pain and hurt over the years, but you are now in God’s hands.”
Liza walked up to Leonard, “Hey you! I am going to miss you but I promise you that the work you started will be completed by me, grandpa, Jillian and Judas! Your mission now is our mission! Love you and when you see mom and grandma hug them and tell them I love and miss them!” Sam walked past the coffin and saw Leonard’s little finger move, he grabbed Leonard’s hands and whispered in his ear, “Saw that you little bastard! See you in hell and in my own words, I WIN!”
They closed the coffin and pushed it into the church. Leonard heard the service and felt it when the coffin was loaded into the Hearse. He was taken back to the crematorium and felt his body hitting the slab ready to be cremated. Leonard heard his family crying as they pushed him into the oven, “Hi Leonard I nearly missed it! You ready to submit to me?” asked Lucifer.Leonard started reciting Psalm 23, “The Lord is my shepherd I shell not want...” When he was finished he smiled, “God I now give my soul into your hands!” He could smell the gas coming into the oven and heard the first click of the burners which failed, “Lucifer I will not bow to you, get it through your thick scull!” At that moment Leonard felt a sharp pain in his chest as his heart stopped due to a massive heart attack as if God shouted from heaven, “ENOUGH!”


*      *      *      *


Leonard was not there when the flames burned his body. He was not there when his ashes was gathered and given to his family. Leonard was not there when Sam’s investors and drug dealers walked into his home and shot him 25 times to make sure he did not survive. He was not there when Sam started slipping away into darkness. In Sam’s state of confusion and pain he saw Leonard’s dad, Squeal, “Leonard that you my boy? Glad to see you and I hope you can forgive me. Well just one thing, if you are here I must be in heaven! Yippee I beat the system!”
As Sam’s eyes adjusted he saw the man before him, “Hallo Sammy boy, remember me? I was that boy you and your friends beat-up many years ago! You remember, there at the cemetery!” Sam started laughing, “Yes I remember. Your name was Squeal or Kaffer! Wow we did a good job!” Squeal smiled, “Yes that I am and that boy you killed, Leonard, was my son. I was sent by Lucifer to come and get you and do with you what I want. So Sammy welcome to my world, it’s called HELL!” Leonard was not there when Sam was dragged to the dark regions of hell where he would spend eternity without God. 
Leonard was not there to see the success of his work nor the accolades that it was given. Leonard did not see the countless women and children that was saved and the families that was healed again. Leonard was not there when Liza got married and had two children.
Leonard was there when Grandpa John was called home to heaven. 
Leonard opened his eyes as he walked through to the other side and saw Lucifer waiting, “Told you, you were mine!” at that moment a presence filled the place he was in and he saw his Grandma Marie and mom Annette walking towards him and Lucifer disappearing like mist before the sun, “Hey my boy you made it!” Leonard looked at the bright figure in front of him and smiled, “God one question, why all the hurt and pain?” 
God looked at him and smiled, “Leonard you came to the world from darkness. You changed the world to light. You worked through all this and still stayed true to Me! 
You made a choice FOR me. Now my son, come into my glory and rest, for you are truly My Rose Angel!” Leonard walked into heaven with his grandma, grandpa and mom hand in hand. 

LEONARD WAS NOT ON EARTH ANYMORE
BECAUSE HE WAS WHERE “ROSE ANGELS” ARE MEANT TO BE
IN HEAVEN
WITH ME!


The End


####
