






Loss of Self 

Asjha Stus

Copyright 2011 by Asjha Stus

Smashwords Edition

Chapter 1: Henry's Dilemma 

Whether it was fate and that everything in the universe had an explicit purpose and meaning, or that chaos ruled and every event was just a roll of an infinitely faced die of options that could occur, didn't matter when it came to the effects that changes in Henrys' situation would bring. Every Sunday evening Henry would sit down in what he called "his chair" (an overly plush chair that was not quite a love seat but was more than an average sized person could consider a comfortable size) and watch his Sunday evening shows. He had become a victim of repetition. As he sat there, zoning out, oblivious to the world around him for the few hours of the week where he became totally immersed in the fictional lives of people pretending to be other people, his wife, Lucy, came towards him and sat on the couch next to him. 
"Honey, we need to talk." Lucy spoke in the most cliché tone possible when speaking these words that would have been funny, had her face not held the solemn tone that her cliché usage didn't not convey. 
"Oh shit!" is what Henry should have been thinking, had he been conditioned to fear these words, as they were never followed by any kind of good news to anyone in history. Instead he answered with a concerned, "Oh yeah? What about?" He even broke his attention from the TV, as a loving considerate husband would, when his wife comes to him with a problem. 
"Ok, so this is really hard for me to say, and I'm really not sure how you are going to take this. " she said in a very skeptical, almost fearful way that Henry had never seen before.
"Honey, what's going on? What is it?" Henry asked, now more concerned, as her tone implied that he should be.
"Alright?"taking a long pause and avoiding eye contact with Henry she continued. "I went to the doctor yesterday and I got some news."
Henry, looking very confused, "Okay is that bad? Is the baby ok? Just tell me what is going on." He was becoming more agitated at the roundabout way that Lucy was giving him information. Perhaps she was assuming that he would be able to figure out what was going on from these few clues so that she wouldn't have to spell it out for him. Despite all his efforts he wasn't able to connect the dots.
"Well, she isn't yours." Lucy finally blurted out, cringing a little as if she had been hit with the blow of this news more so then Henry, who still hadn't realized the full implications of this short statement that Lucy had just hit him with. 
After the shortest of pauses, where his mind put everything together through a series of neuron firings that would change his life and relationship with Lucy, Henry calmly, but with a subtext of concern asked very slowly "Wait, What? What are you talking about?"
Lucy did what anyone in her position would do, after delivering such news to someone that she truly cared about. The tears flowed easily and softly with the compassion of someone that hadn't dealt the blow that would emotionally cripple the man in front of her for years to come, but as someone who was listening to his troubles and was acting through empathy as she cried the tears that he could not allow himself to part with. 
"I'm sorry." Was all that she could get out at first.
 Henry just looked at her, more perplexed then angry, not understanding what she was really saying, and not wanting to make that final jump to the conclusion that would change things between them. His mind wanted to hold on to this time, even though it was definitely after the last moment when they had been happy and content with one another, they were not yet at the stage in this conversation that would bring the pain, anger and resentment that would be irreparable. Even though it wasn't the happiness that they once knew, he wanted to wait here in the in between, just stay here and never go to that destination that was waiting for them at the end of this evening. That destination that each of them knew was coming, the inevitable ending to the innocence between them. The in between space that the two now inhabited was a fleeting thing and had to proceed as it always does, on to the next stage of existence between the two. 
After hours of talking through what had happened and how it happened and way more details then Henry had really wanted to know, but hadn't been able to resist asking about, they came to their understanding. It wasn't so much of an understanding, as it was the only valid way to proceed from this point on. Henry couldn't allow himself to stay with her. His options were to either take care of someone else's child or be the other man that hung around as she and the other man raised a child that was not his, he just wasn't strong enough. To be there every day with a constant living, breathing reminder of what had happened in one night while he was away on a business trip was just more then he could bear. 
Through a rough divorce, a nervous breakdown from having lost all that he had come to care about and feel strongly towards, and a drunken binge that had lasted six months to help cope with what he had once had and now was without, he managed to get fired in a most distasteful manner. In a drunken stupor he had made a few rude comments to his peers, but knowing that he was going through a hard time, they had let them slide without much penalty at all. When he turned one of their clients' websites into a porn site using pictures of his wife as the focal point, the company felt his services were no longer needed. 
After wearing out his welcome with his family members and refusing to quit his reckless drinking, as all that sobriety brought him was more vivid memories of his previous life and how he had so easily lost it, they had to refuse to allow him to stay with them anymore. Henry had often wondered how the homeless problem in the country had gotten so bad and now he realized that a large portion of the problem most likely came from the abuse of alcohol or drugs and misunderstandings or as in his case, one really bad day. With the loss of his job and being black listed for his obvious lack of propriety in the work place, and his family having to abandon him after countless attempts to help him, Henry found himself on the streets of a big city in such a short time that it amazed even him during his lucid periods. Where once, not so long ago, he looked at everything from within the system that he was part of, a home, a family, a job that allowed for many of the comforts of life, now he was an observer of all that he once had as someone that didn't even covet it anymore. Henry was not necessarily happy to be without all of those things anymore, it just seemed to him to be such a long time ago, and that so much had come to pass in that time that it didn't even feel like his life anymore. It was as if it had been someone else's life that he had heard about in a story, a tale that was told around a fire built in an alley. The fall to where he now was had been so quick and abrupt that to think that so recently he had had a life that was presently considered to be a dream in its ease, comfort and simplicity would have been too much for his spirit to handle. It would have been a point of regret that would surely throw him into a self loathing craze. It was imperative for him to simply believe that it was a far away time that was no longer attainable and so was not even worth trying to get back. Instead he would hide, in the filth and the abused substances, both of which were avoided by passersby's on a daily basis. 
Henry had hit the bottom, he was living in the streets and now didn't even seek a way out, and in a strange way he was once again content with his position of mediocrity in the world. Being needed is one of mankind's greatest comforts, closely following behind hunger and sex drives. In this new culture that Henry had fallen into there were all sorts of individuals that went under the radar of the common people that passed just outside the alleys in their light filled dream worlds. He was now a part of the people who lurked in the peripherals of society. Henry had new coworkers now, coworkers in the darkness, the shadow people, those that didn't necessarily feel the need to hide out of shame for what they had become or what they had been forced to do, but had been left to their own demise. In his new network of acquaintances there were those that would be CEOs, making decisions for a larger group of individuals and trying to help themselves by appearing to help those around them, there were also those pencil pushers who did the day to day work. The most conniving of individuals are those that can make everyone around them feel as if they need a person above all others when in fact their contributions are the most limited. These are the leaders that usually make their way to the top; In the case of street life it was no different. Trying to look confident and aggressive with the ability to take what they wanted from others or dispense abundance.

CHAPTER 2: Bernie's Rise to Power

Before he accidently shot a boy who was vandalizing a piece of property Bernie was guarding he had been a good man. Throughout his military service to his country he had not seen any action, at the time this was most definitely for the best for Bernie. He had only joined the military to get the money to go to school. Just like so many evil deeds, it is through the good intentions of young people in the country that it is able to get so many to shatter their moral compass and believe in the greater good that they are totally ignorant of. Being broken down so that a person can be built back up to fit in the mold that their uniform distinguishes is how personalities are lost and so many individuals can be turned into carbon copies. Whether that initial "person" that all the clones are based off was really what all other recruits should aspire to be is not a question worth asking, because the answer couldn't possibly change anything. Cashing in all of the luck of his lifetime to avoid being forced into situations where life and death are decisions made in the blink of an eye, Bernie was left with only scraps of good fortune to skate by on through the rest of his life. It would turn out to not be enough for him when, while doing routine checks of the property he was guarding years later, Bernie's training would come back to haunt him. Peering into the shadows as he rounded a corner he saw the reflection of light run up a weapon being raised and pointed toward Bernie. Instincts kicked in, chemicals made their way all through his body in the blink of an eye, adrenaline quickened every movement and slowed time, and before his mind totally registered and understood the implications of what he was doing the round had been fired. 
The body Dropped to the ground immediately and the face of the criminal shown in the light that hadn't been enough earlier to reveal the full outline of this trespasser. Bernie's training had taken over, the officers above him would have been proud of his quick response and commitment to what was necessary in this situation. Instincts, training, chemical reactions, all of these were what were to blame as the face of a young boy, probably only fifteen or sixteen fell into the light. The weapon fell into the light just after the boy's face, a metallic can of spray paint rolled out of his dead hands that were already in the process of growing cold. All those things were to blame, training, those damn chemicals making decisions in his head without his full consent and of course the false instincts that told him he was in danger, they were what was to blame, not himself for what had happened. It had all been turned into the past tense so quickly, this young boys life had so quickly been changed from something that could be to a simple was. 
All of the blame and excuses in the world were not enough to hide Bernie from the guilt at his miscalculation that cost someone their life, not just someone but a young boy not even in the best years of his life. The constant nagging of guilt and regret were a tag team of failure strong enough to drag anyone down, in Bernie's case it wasn't even a challenge. Before the scene had even been totally cleaned up the rest of Bernie's existence was now determined. There would be no deviations on his path from this night to where he would end, as a bully and leader to the homeless and the hopeless. He saw it all before him reflected in that metallic can of spray paint that still lay on the ground long after the boy's body had been removed from the property. The anger and the regret playing out on the can as a movie screen. Since the boy had been trespassing at the time of the incident Bernie was able to get away without any criminal proceedings. There had been a civil lawsuit which took all of Bernie's money as well as any chance he had of going to school and bettering himself. Bernie's own internal trial was not so simple and the guild plagued his every thought. Bernie brought about his own repentance through the demise of his lifestyle. It is quite easy to lose everything when you don't feel that you deserve anything. 
He had been stumbling aimlessly through the twilight of evening with no true intended destination when Bernie found his new purpose and new community. Bernie had come to "power", by the only means he really knew of. Power is something measured in degrees and Bernie had elevated many degrees above commoners such as Henry. Through force, Bernie had made his own will the will of the community. In the beginning he had needed to fight and scrap his way to get respect. He had progressed through the ranks and had begun creating his own group of individuals that followed his orders. Bernie had been able to make a nice little life of power on the streets. He was trying to care, trying to pretend that he still wanted the same life he had been living before the accident. The truth was that all his efforts were halfhearted at best, he knew he no longer deserved that life after he had stolen it so callously and effortlessly from someone so young. Staring at the ground as he walked, reliving all the humiliations that had come to him over the past few months. The loss of his job when he just stopped showing up was no surprise, the repossession of his car when he failed to pay the creditors was no big loss for him. To others these were humiliations, marks against his character as a human being, to Bernie they were simply part of his penance for having not been in control of his body and mind during the instant when it mattered the most. With all of these scenes playing on an endless loop in his mind, the soundtrack to which was the sound of the night he had shot the boy, Bernie walked slowly across the gravel covered ground. When thinking back to the night of miscalculation there were the mind altered sounds, the ones that in all likelihood he had never actually heard, but the mind loves to play tricks on itself, especially in the affairs of memory. He heard the sound of a spay can, something so obvious that of course it couldn't be real, but his mind wanted it to be real and so it was in his memory of that night. So clear was that sound, spraying in a silent night that it most certainly was a conscious decision to pull the trigger, all the easier to let the guilt wash over if there was no possibility that it could have been an accident. The sound of the trigger being pulled as his hand wrapped around it and squeezed was followed only by the loud crack of the shot ripping a hole not only in the silence of the night, nor only in the boy holding the can of spray paint but also in the life of Bernie, of which only the night would be the same once the silence returned. The last sound that played in his mind as he walked was the sound that the boy's body made as it dropped lifeless to the ground and the soft roll of the can of paint that rolled into the light ever so mockingly. This signified the end of this run-through of his failures, at which point it started over once again in just the same fashion, bringing with it a new wave of self loathing lapping at his soul, slowly deteriorating anything that could make him a whole person again. 
  He walked on this night, with only his memories to keep him company. As he did this the change went unnoticed to him or those around him, but it happened none the less. His eyes became glazed over as he refused to make eye contact with those passing him. Likewise, those on the street, sensing his change averted their eyes or merely looked right through him, as if he weren't there. It is an amazing thing passing between worlds that are held within a larger, nothing as discrete as passing through a wardrobe into another realm, but still profound. For Bernie it was as simple as letting go. Letting go of what he had been and accepting that that life was gone, as was that person. Still he walked on as the light of the world around him seemed too bright for him, illuminating all the faults he had and every reason he no longer belonged in this world. The sidewalk he was walking on seemed to grab at his feet, attempting to trip him with level surfaces and perfectly spaced blocks. He did not belong in this world any longer. 
  Bernie felt calmness pull at him from the darkness of an alley as he continued to drudge across the sidewalk and squint at the brightness of a world, that to most inhabiting it was growing dark with the approaching night. The slight tug of sanctuary of the darkness called to him, the anonymity of that alleyway was so alluring to him that with only the briefest of second thoughts he found himself making his way into an area of the city he wouldn't have dared enter a few months ago. Now it was different though, this space between buildings, the cracks in civilization felt more comforting then the softest embrace from a long lost lover. The lights faded behind him as the blackness caressed him and washed away all thoughts of his past, he was entering what was to be his new home, his new realm of existence. Just as the streetlights from the city faded completely behind him a new form of warmth and light pulled him deeper into this crack in the city. The glow of the fire blazing in front of him contained in a metal barrel had lured three men to stand around it for warmth. The men looked up at Bernie, and he at them, none of them saying anything, but in that acknowledgement of one another, Bernie knew he had found his new home and the men knew that he was one of them. They all adjusted in silence to allow one more around the fire. It is always in the eyes, they never lie about where one belongs, and on this night they had been Bernie's key into the world that until tonight he had looked through and paid no attention to, now it was his world also, now he was one of the invisibles, one of the unnoticed. 
  Bernie had definitely found a niche here in the world that would be forgotten, if the real world ever cared to think about it. It was the underbelly of the city where the beaten and the forgotten thrived. Someone who occasionally was in Bernie's circle of cohorts had once referred to them all as the "unnoticed" or "the invisibles". The people in their community were able to go out on the streets, to walk amongst the community, to yell frantically at the bitter unfairness of the whole world, and all those innocent passerbys, wouldn't see or hear a thing. Those humble people in a world of order would avert their eyes from those they didn't wish to see, unconsciously close their ears to the rants of people with a wholly different perspective.  Invisible to this other world, Bernie and those who followed him were able to walk through the world unnoticed. This was the luxury that Bernie most enjoyed about his world; he was a leader of the unseen, unnoticed, and uncared for. This was such a relief for Bernie, without the consequences of the rules which governed the greater society it was nearly impossible to make the wrong decision. Without the constant nagging of consequences Bernie was able to make decisions in haste and without remorse, without the second guessing and reliving of his once horrible judgment.  
  Bernie's life in this new world was not that different from his previous one. Here, however, he was allowed to push those thoughts of what he was in the past life down into depths that even he didn't know about within himself. With the regrets of his past no longer inhibiting, while inhabiting a world where education was not such a highly sought after trait, Bernie was able to rise in the ranks. While there was no formal power structure, government or corporate ladder, it was apparent who answered to whom. Just like any other society, there was corruption. There were bribes to be passed around, there were tolls to be paid, opposing forces of power after the same goods, and the able bodies to enforce their own brand of justice. Bernie having had experience in the military and then security work had made himself into a person in this society whose will was not to be tried. His willingness to resort to violence at the smallest altercations made him a curse to be avoided in most situations. With his strength and his will to survive despite his leaving one life behind already, he was able to have all that he wanted. It wasn't long before he inspired others to follow him more closely and eventually built up a small little empire of bullies. Nothing fancy or too well organized, just people that made sure that they got the best of what was available. The stuff that was available wasn't great to begin with, but when the strain of a group of thugs was added to the harshness of the conditions, everyone else felt it. With wills broken and stomachs empty there was no rebellion, there wasn't even the thought of resisting those who were stronger. The people not within the circle centered on Bernie paid their dues by bringing some of the better scraps of what they had found and by showing respect. Through the two years that Bernie had been in this lifestyle he had never even considered going back to his previous life, he knew what awaited him there, guilt, remorse and a job that was on the bottom of the totem pole with no real opportunity to advance, this was his life now. 

CHAPTER 3: The Meeting

  Last night was what should have been Henry's five year anniversary with his wife. He had been on the streets for nearly six months now. It being such a splendid night for a celebration he had been able to get enough money from panhandling to buy the maximum amount of alcohol for his money, finding that perfect medium of price versus taste. It had always amazed Henry that people would still give away their change to people dressed in rags, holding signs written on cardboard in sharpie marker, wreaking of liquor. These people were now the payroll department of the homeless and their pity for Henry guaranteed that he could celebrate his anniversary properly. All he could do to celebrate the anniversary was to get a single bottle of cheap vodka that he had to stomach without any kind of mix or chaser. It wasn't quite the dignity that an anniversary deserved, but given the way the relationship had ended it was somewhat fitting. 
  In his past Henry had always wondered where homeless people panhandling on the highway had gotten the markers to write their signs asking for aid. He had his own theories about where these markers had come from. One of his ideas was that in a dumpster there had been thrown out markers that still had a little bit of life left in them, another was that with some of the money that they received they went into a store and bought a package of sharpies. This package of purchased markers it seems would then be very valuable and kept with the person at all times, while being coveted by others. It only took a short time before Henry had an answer to this riddle. Henry had found that any cashier in almost any business will let you borrow their sharpie to write out a sign asking for help, as long as you don't ask anyone in the store for money or seem as too aggressive or crazy. It was a simple answer that Henry never would have thought of, had he not been given the opportunity to find out for himself. 
  Henry lay motionless in the little corner of the alley that had become his home. His home was just a spot that he returned to every night, a place where he felt relatively safe while he slept. The sleeping bag that covered him and kept him warm through the night was his most prized possession; he took it with him everywhere. The only thing that had caused the previous owner to throw it away was a small rip that allowed some of the filling to be seen through the blue nylon exterior. Henry had stuffed the bag with crumbled up newspaper to replace the insulation that had fallen out and then used some half used bits of duct tape to seal the rip. While duct tape is valuable to someone with a home, as it can fix almost anything, its uses on the street are even more numerous. Even Henry's most prized possession didn't absorb much of the blow to his back, as someone's foot distinctively kicked him awake. 
"Hey! What the fuck is this?" An unfamiliar voice asked Henry.
  Henry still very drunk from the celebration the night before, cringed in pain, but was still slow to respond or even realize someone was trying to wake him up. Rolling onto his back and struggling to open his eyes at the brightness that wanted to invade his dreamless sleep, Henry groaned and looked up. All that Henry saw was white light. Slowly the outline of buildings came into sight as his eyes adjusted. The pain, still throbbing in his back, was quickly overpowered by the sharp pain in the front of his mind as his hangover took hold. It is really amazing how drunk and thus hungover you can become without stable meals while letting your system deteriorate to a shadow of what it once was. The confusion in his body as to which stabbing sensation to pay more attention to was compounded when a figure stepped between Henry and the brightness above him, thus causing the figure to be shaded in darkness. Henry looked up into the censored face and just moaned in agony.
"What the hell do you think you are doing?" The unknown figure demanded of Henry.
"Ughhh?.." Henry groaned. "Wha?.....What do you mean?" Henry was finally able to respond.
  The shadowed figure was overpoweringly abrasive to Henry this early in the day, coupled with the hangover that accompanied his depression. Henry still didn't understand what was going on, but by now he was fairly certain it wasn't a dream that was just going to go away. Against all of his head's pleas Henry was able to turn and sit up, his head still unable to be roused into looking up into the face of his alarm clock. Henry gave out a groan, half of pain, half of sickness. 
"Hey I'm talking to you?..What do you think you are doing here?" The man asked Henry. 
"I?I live here." Henry responded groggily.
"I know that, you dumb bastard. You don't exactly look like someone who should be living in the lap of luxury in some penthouse. I know you are a streeter. What I want to know is where you got this bottle of liquor from?" The man pointed with his foot to the bottle that still stood upright and surprisingly still had a small amount of liquid at the bottom. The lid was still holding the freshness of this rotten liquor for consumption at a later time.  "Did you steal it? Did you buy it? Did you just happen to find a full bottle in a dumpster somewhere?" The man continued. 
"Well I?.." Henry began, before he was cut off with a kick to his side
"You know what? It really doesn't matter. If you stole it, that makes trouble for all of us out here living on the scraps, if you bought it then you aren't giving enough back to your community, and if you found it then you are just a goddamn liar. In any case Bernie is definitely going to want to talk to you. Now get up!" The shadowy figure instructed Henry. 
"What community?" Henry was able to slur. 
"I'll leave that for Bernie to explain to you. Now get up!" The man now shouted as he grabbed Henry by the shirt and lifted him to his feet. 
After walking for some time, Henry was starting to fully come around, while still being heavily intoxicated; he was now starting to understand the predicament that he was walking into. It is surprisingly easy to be led around first thing in the morning when extremely hung over, it wasn't until Henry was walking towards Bernie who was sitting in front of him that Henry realized he was to be put on some sort of ad hoc trial, or at least made to defend his actions. When Henry was finally standing just in front of Bernie, he still hadn't come up with an explanation for his actions, mainly because he wasn't sure what he had done that was so offensive. 
  Bernie was currently in the middle of a conversation with two other men. He was sitting in somewhat of a makeshift throne, ornate in its use of what others had lost or thrown away as decoration. The base was made from a simple desk chair that was missing one of its wheels; it had been permanently attached to a pallet of wood that was covered with some carpeting to give it an even feel. It was built up all around with all sorts of lamp posts and drapes. It was a monstrosity of an attempt at looking regal in the most despairing way. The two men speaking with Bernie were sitting in chairs that were off to one side. Henry still didn't know what was going on, or where he had been taken, perhaps this was a parity of his own world, portrayed in the ridiculous. Henry's escort stood silently, making sure not to interrupt whatever conversation was going on that was above his pay grade, if in fact he ever got paid. Henry and his escort stood there for a few minutes without so much as a glance in their direction and with the escort's hand resting heavily on Henry's shoulder as a constant reminder that he wasn't going anywhere until the people in charge here decided that he could leave. 
  Bernie eventually dismissed the two men he had been speaking with and then turned slowly in his swivel chair towards Henry and looked up at him in surprise as if he hadn't realized they were there for the past few minutes. Henry visualized himself smirking at this, but was able to stop it at that, having enough sense from his morning beating not to allow this visualized smirk to manifest itself on his lips.
"Well hello." Bernie greeted the two of them in a friendly tone. "Now what do we have here Jake?" By the removing of the hand from his shoulder Henry surmised his escort was Jake. Jake then walked over to Bernie and leaned over to Bernie's ear and spoke in a hushed tone. The fact that he didn't bother to take Henry with him while walking over to Bernie, and the fact that he didn't even turn around to make sure Henry didn't try and run suggested that Jake knew Henry wasn't going anywhere without Bernie's approval. 
"I Guess we have a situation then" Bernie finally raising his voice enough for Henry to hear him. "Why don't you come on over here so I can have a look at you?" Bernie continued with a hand gesture that beckoned Henry to him. 
Henry slowly walked over towards Bernie, Jake moved back to clear a path to Bernie. With only a slight stagger on his way over, Henry made it to one of the chairs that the advisors had been sitting in and sat down. Letting out a gasp at finally being allowed to just sit down, his head still pounding, Henry looked around at what he assumed was a makeshift fortress. He admired the care, with limited supplies that had gone into sectioning this little part of heaven off from the rest of the world. This area definitely belonged to these individuals and it didn't look as if trespassers would be treated with much leniency. The barricades, which only allowed access to this area, funneled traffic down to people having to walk single file to get in or out, were strategic in their placement. There was an assortment of repurposed items that had been made into weapons lined up against the wall just beside Bernie. These signs all pointed to the kind of trouble that Henry was in and any person in their right mind would have seen these signs and been on guard for anything that might have come next. The problem was that Henry was nowhere near his right mind, nor had he seen his right mind in the longest time. All that he had at his disposal now was a still highly intoxicated, deeply depressed hollowed out shell of what his right mind would perceive as himself. This being the case, he was not in a defensive mood, nor was his own preservation even a thought that occurred to him as he sat in the chair with his head loosely swinging around the room. 
"Hey?.Hey who are you?" Bernie asked Henry, snapping his fingers to get Henrys' attention. Henry didn't really respond to this question, he was still too relaxed from getting to sit down after being woken up with a kick to the back and then lead all over town into this hidden alley. 
"Jake wake him up would you, I really need his undivided attention here." Bernie told Jake nonchalantly as he leaned back in his chair a bit, relaxing a bit as if waiting for the show to begin. Jake took his cue and walked with an intimidating step over to Henry. Without so much as making eye contact with Henry, Jakes' arm swung back and slapped Henry across the face. This definitely woke Henry up to his situation, whether he had forgotten about the manner in which he had been woken or just didn't care, this slap across the face brought him quickly into the reality that Bernie had created in this hidden shelter. 
Jake had found that a slap to the face was one of the best methods of getting the attention of someone. A punch to the nose causes the eyes to water and thus attention not to be paid as it should, a punch to the stomach left the person doubled over gasping for air and once again the debt remained. The slap, however, shocked the senses, a large surface area of contact allowed the nerves to fire with excitement at the pain, the loud crack as skin hit skin made the ears perk up and the shock of being slapped. As few men are used to being slapped, a slap brings the person's awareness to a new level. All of this was certainly the case for Henry, he was now fully engaged. 
"Thank you Jake" Bernie told Jake and nodded in thanks as Jake returned to his post guarding the exit of this alleyway throne room. Jake didn't respond, as he appeared to have been trained not to respond to these types of compliments while someone outside their circle was around. 
"Now, let's try that again. Hello, my name is Bernard, my friends call me Bernie, what is your name?" Bernie asked Henry. 
"Hello Bernie. My name is?." Henry tried to respond but another slap from Jake shook him from his response. 
"Are you two old friends? Do you know him from back in the day and he just doesn't remember you or something?" Jake shouted at Henry with rhetorical questions. Henry had enough sense now to know that he was just supposed to shut the hell up at this point. "No? I didn't think so. You will address him as sir." Jake continued.
"Now now Jake. I'm sure he will become a friend in time so I think we can dispense with the formalities for now, Don't you?" Bernie asked Jake. Bernie gave a smug smile, and Jake nodded in agreement. "Bernie will be fine." 
"What do you want from me?"  Henry asked now rubbing his face where it had been slapped twice in a just a few short moments, that side of his face was bright red, much to Bernie's amusement.
"I want to know who you are first of all." Bernie responded.
"Well?.Bernie?."Henry paused and looked to Jake, awaiting another slap for his condescending tone, but Jake didn't move. "My name is Henry." Henry finally finished. 
"Hello Henry, nice to meet you." Bernie answered. 
"Yeah, I'm sure." Henry answered letting the sarcasm flow. "Now why did you have your goon over there wake me up with a kick to the back and drag my ass over here this morning? I don't know you, I don't owe you anything, so what the fuck is the deal?" Henry asked, now pushing the limits just to test the waters and see really just what kind of trouble he was in. He didn't really care one way or the other. He just wanted to be done with all this false civility. Bernie looked at Jake and just chuckled, apparently this wasn't one of their signals that Jake should go slap Henry once again because Jake didn't move, just gave a little snicker of his own in response. 
"Alright, that is fair enough, if you want the straight up answer, fine. The truth is you do owe me something. It is a tough world out there, even for those people still living up in their penthouses and working in their office buildings. Now for people like us, the scraps of the world, the people who left that life behind, we have our own dangers." Bernie recited, as if rehearsed; he had definitely given this speech before.
"Dangers like guys waking you up with a kick to the back?" Henry answered, now understanding where this conversation was going.
"Exactly like that!" Bernie exclaimed, happy to see that he wouldn't have to go through the whole explanation with this one. 
"Look," Bernie said, leaning over in his chair to show more of a friendly tone. "We are a community here; we have to look out for one another. We have to make sure that thugs like that don't mess with us." Bernie continued motioning his head towards Jake. "But there are costs to enforcing order in any community, just as there are taxes in their world" Bernie pointed to the buildings around them. "So too there are taxes here. Nothing inordinate just enough to keep the wheels moving and  the people in check." Bernie continued to explain to Henry.
"Look at me! Do I look like have a bank account set up somewhere accruing interest, or a trust fund I haven't tapped into; maybe I get my paycheck every other week?..? I am living on the fucking streets for a reason. What do you expect me to do, pull the money out of my ass?" Henry yelled, obviously frustrated by the situation.
Bernie pointed a finger at Henry and with a sharp tone snapped "Hey! I let that attitude slide once before because you were still trying to figure out what was going on here, but don't think you can talk to me that way, you hear me?" Bernie answered back with a flash of anger that Henry had not seen before. Bernie allowing Henry to see just the briefest glimpse of the kind of man he was dealing with and that Bernie had been nice, and a perfect gentleman up until this point. Disrespect, however would not be tolerated. "Look, you seem like a smart enough guy, you seem to have an idea of what we are really talking about here, so you should be smart enough to know when to shut the fuck up." Bernie continued, now in a more relaxed tone. 
"Alright." Henry answered.
"Okay then. Now Jake tells me you had a bottle of liquor with you this morning, at least what was left of it. From your condition this morning, I'd say you made it through most of it last night. Bernie chuckled.
"So what? What does that have to do with anything?" Henry asked.
"Well it tells me two things. One, that you have the ability to get something if you really want or need it; and two, it tells me that you can pay what is necessary to keep our little group together. " Bernie answered. 
"Last night was just a onetime thing, it's not like I get a bottle to drink every night, if I could do that I wouldn't be living on the streets now would I? Last night?..Last night was my?.."
"I don't care what last night was." Bernie interrupted dismissively waving a hand. "Everyone has their own little tragedy, Everyone has their own "Last night was my?." that doesn't mean that I care. Bernie continued mockingly. All I know is that you have the ability to get what you need, when the time comes. That time has come. Now, I know you want to survive, if you didn't you wouldn't be living out here, you would have just hung yourself in your office or let a bullet do the dirty work, but you chose to be out here." Bernie went on. 
"You think I chose this?! You think I want to be out here trying not to freeze to death, or starve or get slapped to death in some alley way throne room?" Henry yelled, obviously very frustrated.
"Subconsciously or consciously, I don't care, but yes, you made the choice to live this life and now you're realizing all the benefits and drawbacks that go with this life. Now we are a community here so this isn't just a one way street of you giving us everything you have. There are definite benefits to being part of our little club, and as time goes by those will be explained to you. About your ability to pay, that doesn't really matter either, because I'm sure given the proper motivation you will be able to do what needs to be done. The price of these benefits that you will receive after your trial period is just one bottle of liquor per week. Whether you steel it, buy it with money you make or brew it yourself, I don't care as long as it is in my possession every week. If you choose not to participate in our little co-op?..well?..that really isn't an option, so let's not even discuss that course of action." Bernie explained. "Now, just to make sure you aren't trying to scam anyone by filling up a half bottle of wine to the top with water, we require a sealed bottle. I have found from our local patrons that the brand "Well Water Whiskey" is the best for the price, so that is what we will require. Jake will explain the when and where for your weekly delivery. Any questions?" Without even letting Henry answer, Bernie continued. "No? Alright then, looks like our time is up, I have many more appointments today. "Jake, show him out." Jake grabbed Henry firmly by the shoulder and escorted him outside and a short distance from Bernie's lair. On the way Henry was given his instructions. When they had made it a ways from Bernie's, Jake let go of Henrys' shoulder and turned him around, gave him an intense stare and told him, "We are not to be dismissed, do the smart thing and just deliver, and I won't have to wake you up again alight?" 
  Henry walked back towards what had become his little corner of the world. What had been his little piece of sanctuary sliced out of the world was now just another home with a mortgage and responsibilities. He thought that he was now untouchable, that he was beneath anyone wanting to touch him and take part in his life. He had been living in a fantasy, the stronger will always prey on the weaker, and there is always someone stronger. Henry was in a daze as he walked, so many things ran through his mind, the life he once had, how he had removed himself, and now how it seemed he was being thrown back into the same sort of rat race that he had narrowly escaped. Was this to be his new routine? Instead of driving to work would he walk to the corner with sign in hand to collect change? Had paydays been exchanged for payoffs at drop points, buying his freedom for another week? Had the water cooler chit chat been replaced by hushed tones of lives gone by as people huddled around a fire built in a fifty gallon drum? 
  Henry made it back to his small corner of the world, where his things were all just as he had left them, there wasn't much but it was his and he was glad it hadn't been taken while he was gone. He looked down and noticed that only one thing had been taken while he was gone, the bottle that he had been drinking from the night before was nowhere to be seen. There was a twinge of violation, the same feeling after someone has been robbed, that someone else was in your place of refuge. Uninvited they had gone through your personal affects and taken what they wanted, left that which the intruder didn't see as valuable. Everything else was still where he had left it. Everything else was all he had needed to survive until now, things had changed though, and once again he had bills due and responsibility to live up to. 

CHAPTER 4: Payments

  Every week making the fifteen dollars it took to purchase a bottle of Well Water Whiskey was becoming increasingly difficult. He was finding that if he used the same corners to hold his signs asking for money too often that his income would decrease significantly as the week went on. This was of course because the people traveling these streets were the same people every day and when they saw the same guy out every day it became harder and harder for them to dismiss this fact. It became harder for them to not wonder where the money was actually going. It was harder for them to dismiss the idea that their contribution wasn't making a significant difference if the same person was out there every day in the same spot. Still Henry persisted; he did not care to find out what the consequences were for not meeting his quota for the week. He tried different signs, changing around the words and altering the story that he gave people in his short message of cardboard pleas. Through much trial and error while observing the trends that different messages resulted in, Henry had perfected his sign. The sign needed something that people could relate to, a hook that got them interested or feeling pity, either way didn't matter. The sign then needed to simply ask for help, usually "anything helps" was a good one. 
These signs needed to be brief. It was no good if they were written in small print, dictating some long drawn out story of why help was needed, people would get bored and just stop reading. The attention span of a regular everyday person that you might run into on the street was already pretty low, but the attention span of a person feeling like they were doing something good was miniscule. Somehow the person, doing a good deed, felt as if their time was more valuable, since they had stopped their own pursuits for a moment to read a sign and consider giving. If this time was wasted reading stories of woe, this momentary feeling as if they were doing such a great thing passed quickly and soon they were back to their own world and listening to the radio or doing their makeup in the mirror.
The last and most important rule when asking for money from others on the road is eye contact. When holding the sign and walking past each car stopped at a light, making eye contact is a must. This evokes the guilt so much better than just seeing someone, fairly dirty holding a sign walking past the car, nothing conveys sorrow like seeing it for yourself in someone else's eyes. Most people sitting in their cars avoid this eye contact as they know what lies in wait. The gut wrenching guilt for their air conditioned car taking them back to some place nice is usually enough for them to hand over some change. This eye contact is more difficult than it would first appear; it is a must when walking by the cars, giving one's most pitiful looks at each driver, but once a hand offering something out a window emerges the eye contact must be severed. This person feels that they have bought their way out of any further guilt, and so the pleading person must oblige. Always in the most humble tone a thank you must be given with a head lowered in thankfulness. Failure to do this results in a lack of return patrons. 
All these rules and nuances worked against Henry making enough money every week to meet his quota. The previous week he had just barely made it to his drop point with the bottle in hand. Every time Henry had gone to make this drop there had been a different person there to accept delivery, it made Henry wonder how many people were in the "employ" of Bernie, and also how far up the corporate ladder of the homeless Bernie actually was. None of this really mattered; it was all simple idle chit chat with his mind that kept him from going mad with boredom, although keeping oneself busy with internal conversation would seem itself as if he'd been touched with madness.
This week Henry had just barely made enough to take care of all his needs for the week, it had been a close one. He hadn't been sure he was going to make it this time. Luckily for Henry a person new to the area had given him five dollars as he passed by the corner Henry was occupying on delivery day. Henry had run to the liquor store in his "neighborhood" where he had found the cheapest price for the well water and made his purchase. While in the store all manner of stares and judgment had followed him through his purchase with nobody inside knowing the real need for the liquor.
"That's why he is homeless", "He threw it all away for a drink", these were the things people would think to themselves as Henry respectfully handed over the money to buy the bottle, never giving the people around him reason to think he was any better than their preconceived notions. To Henry he didn't care what they thought, as long as he made his drop in time and was able to get back to his solitude and self loathing, if only society would let him sulk in private. Instead the society forced those that were the most broken to be displayed in the streets for all to see, as a warning to others that it had no pity for those who wouldn't conform to the norm. 
  Running from his own idea of how people now saw him, Henry rushed to make it to the drop off point before the recipient left his designated location. It was already past the time when he usually came by this same spot, but it wasn't like this guy had anywhere to go either, he was homeless just like Henry, why wouldn't he still be waiting for Henry. Just in case the enforcer for Bernie did have somewhere else to go Henry turned his hurried pace into a jog. His tattered garments swaying from side to side in opposing stride with his body. The jeans Henry wore hadn't been washed since he had found them placed on the side of the road for some goodwill company to pick up, for someone less deserving then him, he was sure.  His wardrobe consisted of only two t shirts, two pairs of jeans a long sleeve crew sweatshirt and a jacket he had found in the dumpster. Many days and most nights he wore all of his clothes layered upon one another, all but his extra pair of jeans. His body fought as hard as it could to keep the cold out. It was always a continual effort that his body had to keep up. His flesh and bone fighting the elements and the lack of sustenance while his mind was bombarded by "what ifs" and "if onlys". The attack on the mind weakened the resistance of the body and, likewise the elements beating against his body made his mind lose focus in keeping out the thoughts that plagued him. The jacket was an ugly brown that had red paint splashed all the way down the back of it, for this minor infraction of stylish justice, the coat had been thrown out for Henry to find.  It had helped to keep out the cold and thereby allow him to get some semblance of rest through the night, it had saved him. As Henry ran, the jacket now lagged in the past a half of a step behind him, the red paint fluttering as he ran, letting a cool breeze make its way up his back, keeping him from overheating as he rushed to make his payment.
  Henry rounded the corner to make his way down the alley he had been down numerous times before today to make the deliveries. The bottle clenched tightly in his grasp, as he made the corner and saw the man who he was supposed to give the bottle to, his body relaxed just enough to instantly betray him. Feeling the relief of making it to this spot, his hand sore from clenching, the relaxation and sigh of relief was enough to allow the liquid in the bottle to shift and the mix of condensation and sweat on his hand to come together and allow gravity to steal the bottle away from him. Gravity swelled at this chance to bring yet another object crashing down towards the center of the earth. Before Henry could fully stop himself from running and attempt to catch the falling bottle, the devious force, had its way with it. In fact Henry was only able to do so much as to turn and watch as the bottle accelerated to the ground almost in slow motion, as if to taunt Henry. If only his reflexes had been a touch faster, or if he hadn't run this last little stretch to make it here on time, perhaps then at least he would have a bottle to deliver, even if it was late. Now, however, Henry was without anything, his work for the week to meet the requirement, to meet his quota was all for nothing now. 
"Awwwww that fucking sucks man." The person who was designated to receive the bottles of liquor announced in a condescending tone of mockery. All Henry could do was look at the shattered glass and think to himself, "I had it?". Henry finished his little vigil for the lost bottle of whiskey and moved on to thinking about what the penalty for missing his delivery would be, trying to convince himself that there had to be compassion somewhere within Bernie's organization. After all this would only be his first time missing a delivery, even though he had only been making these payments a short time, Bernie was sure to see that Henry was committed and realize that accidents happen. This delusion of good being within everyone, including Bernie quickly passed, Henry knew what would happen if the bottle wasn't delivered as it should have been.
"Come on man?Can't you let me slide on this one? Tell Bernie I made it and that you dropped it or, just tell him the truth that I dropped right when I was delivering it." Henry pleaded with the man who still had a grin on his face as he looked on at Henry's dilemma.
"Sorry man, you know I can't do that. I mean really, think about it, it's my ass if I don't bring in what I collect out here you know. It doesn't matter if it turns in to my word against your word, because obviously Bernie would believe me, but it puts doubts in the mind if I don't deliver or give false reports. It just wouldn't do." The man told Henry, seemingly able to keep his grin while explaining this to Henry. 
"Well what the fuck am I supposed to do? Do you think I can go talk to Bernie and explain? Maybe tell him I will bring him two bottles next week? I busted my ass to get enough for this bottle today, I can try harder though, I can get him two next week." Henry pleaded with the man, whose grin had finally subsided, taking a turn towards somberness. The courier was considering what was probably going to happen to the man in front of him and just a shred of pity found its way into him. 
"Look! I'm sorry, I really am, but there is nothing I can do for you. You are just going to have to deal with this one on your own, I'm sure you will be seeing some of Bernie's guys soon and you can take it up with them. When I deliver to him later I'll tell him about you dropping it right in front of me, but that's all I can do." Then the man turned from Henry and reseeded back into the shadows where he undoubtedly had the deliveries of a dozen more just like Henrys' waiting for him to deliver back to Bernie, or to some other drop off point to be redistributed around the city. Whatever the case, it made no difference to Henrys' predicament, he was screwed and he knew it. Even if he kept hope alive in the forefront of his mind that possibly there would be some reasoning when Bernie's associates met up with Henry, he secretly knew how things would play out for him. Bernie had told him that there would be consequences for noncompliance and everyone involved knew this counted as noncompliance. If there had been one thing that Henry had been able to learn about Bernie simply from how he carried himself and the way he spoke with confidence was that he was a man of his word when it came to threats. Henry would be meeting with some of Bernie's associates shortly, there was no denying this and there was no escaping it. The only thing left to do now was for Henry to take himself back to what had become his home and wait for that moment. 
  The walk back was long and arduous, fraught with perils of the mind. Premonitions of what was to come plagued Henry. Was the penalty for nonpayment as harsh as a bullet through his head as he slept? Would it be considered stealing from Bernie and therefore be treated as such in some primitive cultures with the price of hand to pay off the debt? Extremes such as these were what the future held for Henry, beyond this he could see no future, it was blocked by this turning point in his life or the ending of it. Whatever retaliation was to come, by the time Henry had made his walk back to his small apartment of cardboard he was exhausted and as soon as his head hit his makeshift pillow of newspaper he was out into a dreamless sleep. 
  The morning came, not with a kick to the back or loud shout, but the city hum of cars going by just outside his sanctuary of an alley. Henry awoke refreshed; he couldn't remember the last time he had slept so well. He thought that perhaps he had walked out and thought out all of his worries from the day before. Henry stretched comfortably, the weight of what had happened yesterday still holding him down a bit, but a quiet optimism spoke from within him. Perhaps Bernie isn't as bad as he had appeared; maybe it was all a show, without any follow through. Maybe I don't need to keep trying to make the payments of a bottle every week, working my ass off just like I used to in my previous life just for someone else to reap the benefits. Yet another voice rose up in Henry to squash the small smile that had begun to shine through Henry's weathered lips. It is thinking like this why Bernie has to follow through. With that simple realization Henry was back to the reality that payment had not been made and so there would be a price to be paid, when it would come and in what manner Henry didn't know.
  Bernie heard about the incident of Henry dropping the bottle the same night it happened. The delivery person had tried to paint the picture as best he could and in as comical a light as he could. The delivery man knew the kind of retaliation that awaited Henry for not delivering and so he did his part to try and soften this a bit by making it seem funny. The pathetic manner in which Henry had almost made it to drop off the week's worth of liquor might strike a chord in Bernie and allow Henry to go unscathed on this one occasion. It was a fruitless effort, everyone in the room at the time of the story knew it, but still it had to play out, and the delivery man was left to tell his story to Bernie. Bernie listened to the story and laughed as the man told the story with emphasis and a twinge of pleading in his voice, trying to spare the man he had never met before from any savagery that he could. The delivery man finished his story with a chuckle that met with Bernie's smug smile. 
 "If you think that is what we should do. I am always open to suggestions and criticism, thank you for your input. You can go now." Bernie answered in his most corporate voice. The man turned and left the room as quickly as he could without trying to look scared, he was unsuccessful. Bernie waited for the delivery man to leave the room. Turning to what would appear to be his second command, as he stood just to the side of Bernie "Go and take care of this Henry guy, send a message that missed deliveries will not be tolerated. Don't fuck him up too bad, but make sure that he understands and so do other people that see him. Hell he might even be able to make more begging on that corner if he has a black eye or cut up cheek." The man to his side was about to leave with his orders when Bernie grabbed him by the sleeve "actually, give him a day to think it over, either he will be in fear all day as he should be or he will get relaxed and think he is in the clear. Either way the beating you give him will not disappoint."
  Henry had spent his day dreading what kind of retaliation would come from Bernie's organization. How would they deal with this disappointing employee that couldn't meet simple deadlines that were issued by his superiors? Henry had been good at going unnoticed at previous jobs even when he wasn't needed, but that had been after he had put in his time. Becoming invisible to a company is much easier than to a group of individuals with criminal intent and superiority complexes. The group takes much better care to keep track of every asset, incoming or outgoing. Large companies lose millions of dollars all the time. He wondered what type of infrastructure they had and what department would be activated to take care of his transgression. Henry wondered whether it would be accounting, making Henry cover the lost cost of the bottle for their next quarterly numbers, or worse yet if security would be the ones to handle Henry by enforcing the rules and reiterating the policy of the company so he would not soon forget. 
  In hopes that accounting would be the department to come to him Henry spent that day trying to raise money to pay for a double payment of Well Water Whiskey if it was necessary. He was working hard and people must have seen the desperation in his attitude. Most people were very forthcoming with their money today, it wasn't anything substantially helpful, but it was a very good start to his week in saving for his next delivery date, especially if it was going to have to be doubled. Henry thanked every car that offered him any money out the window the most sincere of thanks and his body language made it obvious how much it was appreciated. Each dollar, in fact every quarter that passed from their hands to his seemed to lift a bit of the weight from his shoulders. While that weight was incalculable since he didn't know the full extent of what he would be made to do to make up for his shortcoming this week, Henry did know that there was a debt he was carrying and that he needed to start working on it as soon as possible.  
  At the end of his day of asking for the generosity of people passing him in his scared and pathetic stance of wanting, Henry walked back to his cardboard apartment. Still carrying the weight of a world of unknown size on his shoulder Henry turned the corner to what had become his home. Henry had built a cardboard hut of sorts in the corner of the alley. He stored the sleeping bag just behind a dumpster that he knew was only picked up on Tuesdays. Not having the sleeping bag with him at all times was a blessing because it allowed him to travel around the city without extra baggage, it also seemed to make people less likely to offer money if he had it with him. The signal that a sleeping bag seemed to send was that he was a perpetual homeless leach on society unable to be reformed. Feeling worn out and rather satisfied with himself, both in the amount of money he had brought in from people and also in the fact that it was looking like he was going to go unpunished for his lack of payment, Henry laid down on his little bed of cardboard and paper. Closing his eyes as he lay there he let out a large sigh of relief, it seems he had been making too much of this Bernie person who appeared so threatening when they had met. A wave of calm washed over Henry as he felt that he was going to be okay as far as this situation was concerned. 
  There were two of them. Randy and Aaron, they could have been brothers in appearance, as well as in attitude. These two were not the type of people that you would talk to on the street. Their faces were worn with all that they had been through themselves and on top of this layer all that they had done to others. They had the arrogance in their walk of hired goons without the propriety of someone who believes in consequences or in keeping a low profile. These two men were the type that when they were passed on the street, there was no eye contact made, there was no attempt to pull an acknowledging smile from them.  These were tough individuals who had only seen the worst kind of lives and felt no remorse or the need to try and live any other way; they were content with what they had become because they didn't know any different. 
  When the men saw Henry turn down the alley that they had been instructed was his home, they took their time. They looked to have not a worry in the world as they crossed the street over to Henry's haven. The men knew what they were here to do. They had been given clear instructions. They were to send a message, but not to the point of incapacitation. In instances such as these, the team of enforcers had come to find that a box cutter was the only tool that they needed to make a point without doing any "permanent" damage. The two men spaced themselves out across the entrance to this dead end alley, just to ensure that Henry wouldn't go running by them, escaping the restitution he had earned for dropping the bottle. In fact, Aaron and Randy didn't even know what Henry had done to deserve what was about to happen to him. It didn't matter to them; they were just here to do their job. From Henry's perspective they would have just been shadows coming down the alley towards him. With the sun to their backs it was impossible to see their faces. Not that this solar cover was needed as Henry laid breathing deeply in relaxation on his back without any notice to the creatures coming towards him. It was in this little bit of peace that Henry had found at the end of a long day that he met his would be messengers. 
  Henry was ripped from his peaceful rest by the sound of a boxcutter blade opening next to his ear. Aaron, the man who had opened the blade close to Henry's ear looked over to Randy and chuckled. 
"Man I love doing that." Aaron told Randy. 
"You are a sick fuck, you know that?" Randy answered. 
"What man? It's all about the psychological. You see? Now he is going to be more open to questioning, makes us look better at our jobs if we scare him before we even hurt him."
"What are you talking about? We don't need to ask him any questions; we just need to hurt him." Randy continued. 
"Oh yeah. Well what do you think Henry? Do you think me opening up this here knife next to your ear adds to the intimidation of what we are here for? Or do you think it is a little cliché and doesn't do much to add to our credibility?" Aaron asked Henry.
"Why are you asking him? Right now he would probably tell you whatever he thought you wanted to hear. You aren't going to get an honest answer out of him."
"Is that true? Would you lie to me?" Aaron asked. 
"No, I wouldn't" Henry answered in terror. "What was the question again?"
"Are you fucking kidding me?" Aaron yelled. 
"Yo man he doesn't seem to be taking you seriously" Randy chimed from the background, seemingly amping up Aaron. The cheering from behind him seemed to bring about a small gleam of terrible evil within Aaron's eyes. 
"Really Henry? Cuz I mean this here knife seems to think that you should take me seriously, and I'm going to have to agree with it." Aaron told Henry with a look of excitement at feeling antagonized by this homeless piece of shit that nobody would miss if things did get out of hand and Aaron was forced to end Henry's life. 
"No, I didn't mean anything. Please just tell me what you were asking and I will answer you as best I can." Henry had crawled back against the wall that left him pinned between cold damp brick and an aggravated slightly psychotic Aaron, with Aaron's cheerleader Randy behind him egging on the situation.
"Alright, let's all calm down. All I want to know is if the idea and sound of me opening the blade next to your ear as you lay there unaware added to the fear of the situation?" Aaron asked, speaking with a sudden  and eerie calmness.
"Yes! That was?I mean it is terrifying." Henry responded quickly. 
"There, you see? I told you it's all about the psychological" Aaron bosted.
"Oh would you shut up and do this, I'm bored." Randy answered, looking back out the alley to see if anyone was coming, even though he knew that they would be undisturbed here.
"Fine." Aaron answered, turning his attention back towards Henry, that evilness making its appearance in his eye again, as excitement overwhelmed him. 
"Wait!" Henry yelled. "If I could add one thing about the psychological aspect of what you are doing."
"Yeah? Go ahead." Aaron allowed.
"The whole talking about me as if I am not here when you are obviously about to harm me is much more terrifying to me." Henry explained. 
"Really?" Randy asked. 
"Yeah, it's like if I were to disappear it wouldn't matter. It makes it that much worse to know that I could just go away." Henry told the two. 
"Well no worries brother, we aren't going to make you disappear??.But we do need to take care of a few things. Some things that you are not going to be too happy about." Aaron told Henry, still holding the boxcutter in not so much a menacing manner as more of an assurance that it hadn't gone away and wasn't going away for a while. "Look, you didn't make the delivery the other day, like you were supposed to and that is a big problem for some people that we know."
"Bernie." Henry inferred. 
"Hey, let's just say "some people" alright?" Randy interjected. 
"Come on let me talk to him, I'll give him two bottles this week, I can do that. Really I can. You just have to give me another chance. I know if I could just talk to him he would let me just give him double this week right?" Henry pleaded, his hands damp against the brick not only from the cold building but from his fear at the calmness of the men in front of him. 
"Sorry man, I wish we could, but you see we have already been sent out to do something in particular, now if you want to try and speak with "some people" after we are through here, that would be fine. Right now, however we have our own tasks to accomplish." Randy told Henry. Without any more warning or any more talk, as Henry looked up at Randy with pleading eyes Aaron punched Henry across the cheek hard. Henrys head spun away from the force of Aaron's fist. The inside of Henry's cheek split as it was caught between Aaron's hateful fist and the enamel of Henrys teeth. The taste of blood immediately filled Henry's mouth. This taste of blood and the sudden sensation of pain escalated Henry's fear to another level. With his fear now in control, the flight or fight reflexes took over, in Henry's case he wasn't sure which his body had decided on because he tried to get away as he flailed his arms. This combination without a commitment to one or the other was not really too useful. Aaron was a large man who had been in many fights and not very many had entailed flailing arms of indecisiveness and so he was able to easily block what he could only guess were meant to be punches. Through the time that Henry had been on the streets it hadn't yet toughened him up in any way that would be useful in a situation such as this, all it had done is to help him to lose about 25 pounds. This loss of weight was not helping him in his fight right now, he wasn't quite to the point of being frail but he just didn't have the mass to fight off a determined thug with the experience that Aaron had. Even though Aaron could have easily handled the beating of Henry, Randy not only wanted to help Aaron in their duty here. To Randy it reminded him of when he was little and used to torture little animals, only he didn't call it torture, he just considered it playing. Randy's youthful innocence was anything but innocent, beatings like these brought back his childhood and some of the few memories that, to him, were good. A creepy smile of pleasure peaked out from Randy's face as Aaron held Henry down with the weight of his body and Randy kicked Henry in the stomach. Each of Randy's kicks slammed Henry into the brick wall that held him in place and didn't allow for his escape, had he been able to get out from under Aaron in the first place. While Aaron used his body's weight to hold Henry down he also threw in the occasional punch to Henry's face to get his own amount of abuse in, so that Randy didn't have all the fun. 
  Henry, feeling like he was on the bottom of a dog pile of ten guys, was helpless to fend off the attack. His hands were pinned and his breathing was impaired by one of Aaron's knees holding him down by his midsection. The kicks and punches from each of his attackers had no rhythm to them, it wasn't as if Henry could catch his breath and maybe tighten up the area that was about to be hit. Each hit felt random and unexpected, each kick to the stomach knocked the wind out of him all over again. Each punch to the face stunned his senses and sent the flavor of blood rushing to his tongue again. Henry lost track of how many times he had been hit, time seemed to be taking its turn in the beating of Henry as well. Time relished in Henry's pain, slowing to a crawl so that each hit from his assailants could be felt and fully experienced just before the next quickly caught him off guard. Henry struggled as best he could, trying to squirm, or roll his body so that Aaron would no longer hold him down in this physical torture that took place in some form of time loop. All of Henry's resistance was useless. These two men knew what they were doing, having done it before and with each of his attackers outweighing him by about fifty pounds, he was left at the mercy of their sick imaginations. When the hits started to slow, only from the exhaustion of the assailants Henry's brain sighed with relief even though his body couldn't do the same while still being crushed by Aaron. 
"Whew?.That really is a workout." Randy told Aaron still panting. 
"Well that was fun." Aaron was able to get out while he tried to catch his breath. Henry just lay there motionless, a small moan escaping from his lips. The two men kept holding onto Henry as he lay in pain, taking a bit of time to catch their breath and relax for a moment. "Now we have to send our message though."  Henry perked up immediately at the idea of a message having to be sent through his flesh to all those who would fail to pay Bernie at some point in the future if this message wasn't sent. Henry thought that surely the beating had been the message that was meant to be sent. The way the two were talking it sounded like the message was still to come. A whole new level of resistance sprung up from under Aaron. All of Henry's energy went in to getting free of this boulder placed on top of him, once he was out from under that, then he would worry about the formidable force in Randy that he would have to deal with. All the resistance and attempts within Henry wasn't enough to get out from under Aaron and so he was left to their devices. The boxcutter then came back out for its main appearance of the show these three were putting on. The sound of it clicking open terrified Henry, as he had already heard it once before when Aaron used it to wake him up from his trance of oblivion earlier. 
  With all of Henry's effort going into his attempts to get free, it still wasn't enough to move Aaron from on top of him. It did make it hard for Aaron to keep a steady hand with the blade while Henry wiggled below him though. 
"Hey! Help me hold this guy down you lazy fuck!" Aaron yelled to Randy. Randy helped to hold Henry down. Now that both men were fully engaged in the task at hand Henry wasn't going anywhere. 
"This is going to hurt, it's going to hurt a lot, but it isn't as bad as it seems." Aaron reassured Henry from his kneeling position atop Henry. With the help of Randy holding Henry in his place Aaron was able to use one hand to hold Henry's ear away from his head and use the blade to slice through the thin skin and cartilage. Aaron cut from the outside of the ear down to almost the canal and then stopped. Henry cried out in agony. The sound that the knife made cutting into him, so close to his ear, with no way to fight back or resist the disfigurement that was being inflicted upon him brought him to tears. The tears mixed with the screams made for a sound, that was only associated with torture and torment, there was no mistaking those sounds. When this incision was complete, Aaron did the same thing again, and then again. This left Henry's ear looking as if it had been placed through a document shredder. While all of these pieces were still attached to the canal of Henry's ear, they hung limp without the support of the other pieces to work as a whole.  
  Once Aaron's evil task of making a point as to what would happen to people who were not prompt and reliable with their weekly payments Henry stopped screaming. With Aaron still kneeling on top of him, all Henry could do was whimper in pain as visions of what had been done to his ear ran through his mind. Henry could imagine how his ear must look, the blood running down his face as each incision disfigured him further. What would it look like when Henry was finally able to see it? Henry was hopeful that perhaps his vision of what the ear looked like was worse than what it actually looked like. In this case however it was doubtful. With it very obvious at this point that Henry was at the total mercy of Aaron and would only be getting up when Aaron decided that he could, all Henry could do was cry and whimper at his lack of control coupled with the pain. It was a piece of humiliation brought back to the present for Henry, as if a bully from his elementary days was holding him down, forcing him to embarrass himself in some way. The words "quit hitting yourself" ran through his mind briefly. That feeling of being overpowered was such a useful tool of torture that children learn early how to influence others using their strengths to inflict their will on others. Aaron had learned his bullying techniques early, whether it was forcing a class mate to eat something off the floor or cutting into a person's ear with a boxcutter, the principle technique was the same.
  Having now given up all hope of escaping the weight of Aaron on top of him, and the sounds of his flesh being cut having stopped, Henry quit struggling and just went limp. Totally exhausted from the ordeal, all Henry could wonder is if it was over. Would they roll him over and start work on the other ear? Was this just the beginning of their torture? In dogs the floppy ears are a sign of domestication. Was the phlacidness of Henry's ear supposed to suggest that Henry had been tamed? Before any more of these questions of horror could be asked by Henry's inner monologue Aaron released his hold. Aaron stood up and backed up towards Randy so that both of them stood together looking down at the bloody mess below them. Henry lay with his hand over his ear now, curled up in the fetal position, trying to protect himself from any further attack. Blood ran down his face, but was already starting to slow with the pressure Henry was putting on his disfigured ear. Small cries of pain and fear escaped Henry's lips as his body shivered in anguish at the ordeal.
"I think we have an understanding, don't you? Randy asked of Henry. Henry couldn't answer; he was still too shaken to understand what was being said. Henry could still hear out of what was left of his ear, but this realization hadn't come to him yet as he was pressing hard against the ear to protect his exposed innards. 
"You had better answer me! From now on you will have two bottles every week, delivered on time. If not we are going to have to come back, and I really don't think you want that." Randy continued in what had turned into a sympathetic tone.
"Yea?..yes?.two bottles." Henry was finally able to stutter out. His body clenched as he finished speaking, apparently expecting another kick or punch just for answering these men. When Henry felt one of their hands touch him and then go through his pockets taking all the money he had made in his last two days since his failure of delivery, his body spasmed in terror. 
"Okay. Come on let's get out of here." Randy told Aaron, playfully slapping him on the shoulder and motioning towards the exit of the alleyway. The two men left without another word to Henry who still remained motionless on the ground, still unable to let his body relax. He had lost everything again. All the money he had made this week was gone. It was going to be impossible to make enough for two bottles to deliver. Henry's clothes all had blood on them; this would make getting money from people much more difficult. His ear was cut to hell and he had no idea how he would go about trying to get it fixed or if it could even heal back to some semblance of a normal person's ear. With all the madness that had befallen him in the past few months he just lay there, in his own blood, allowing the pain to fill his every pore, and he wondered what he had done to deserve such treatment from the world. 
  Henry felt as if he had been picked out of a lineup by someone who had mistaken him for a person of true evil. A mistake for sure, but the finger had been pointed and so Henry was left to take the sentence, there had been no trial that he could recall, no telling his side of his own life to try and reduce the pain that would follow. Forced to accept the maximum sentence Henry watched as his wife had betrayed him, how his own need to escape the truth had lead to his life on the streets and how the bottle had been ripped from his hands on the way to delivery. This life sentence that had been passed down to him from some judge on high was without evidence, without warrant and most definitely without cause for such brutality. Why was he the medium for the message that Bernie had wanted to send to all of his employees? Obviously it had been another part of the punishment for the crime that Henry could not remember having committed. Still someone had to be punished, if not the guilty party then someone who would take it without too much of a fight, society had to have its retribution when it felt wronged, it didn't care against whom. 
  When Henry had cried all that he could, still curled in that same fetal position, trying to hide from the next blow that the world might see fit to befall him, he dragged himself to his feet and just stood. He released his hand from his ear and waited to see if more blood trickled down his neck. There was a small stream of blood still flowing from his near severed ear and so he took off his top layer of shirt that had already tasted blood itself and he wrapped it around his head as best he could. Every fiber that made contact with his ear sent a pulse of pain straight to his brain. Henry cringed and yelled out when he finally pulled the cloth tight against himself and tied. Regaining his composure and trying to pull what little dignity he still had within himself together, Henry started to walk. A small stagger in his first couple steps, trying to get his footing back and then he was on his way. 
  Henry was able to walk clumsily and unapologeticly all the way to the closest shelter that was three blocks away. The emergency room was out of the question, Henry didn't have the money to pay for that kind of healthcare, hell many people living in the suburbs haven't the ability either. Henry stumbled to a shelter and when finally someone went and got the nurse that helped in whatever way her training would allow he showed her the cuts to his ear. The woman jumped back in horror and immediately became enraged. She was yelling at him that he needed to take his problems somewhere else, how the people here had their own kinds of problems and didn't need hoodlums like him bringing more trouble. Without many more words she pushed him out the door and slammed it behind him. In disbelief Henry staggered back from the door, almost tripping as he fell off the curb and into the street. Henry just stood for a moment looking up at the building that was supposed to help even the most lost in their time of need, but instead had thrown him out with angry words and accusing glares. The nurse had been unable to handle what had been show to her. She believed that people on the streets somehow deserved the lives they had. So to see a person like Henry beaten and cut was too much for her to believe had been anything other than pure evil. To do so would allow good people to hurt for no reason and she couldn't let herself believe this. Henry staggered off the curb of the street and onto the road where he stood in disbelief. 
"Hey, Hey get out of the road!" A man who was sitting on the curb just in front of the shelter yelled to Henry. "You are going to get yourself killed." This snapped Henry out of his daze and he looked over to the man on the curb.
Henry looked over and stepped back onto the curb out of reflex at having been yelled at. The man walked over and continued "Don't worry about them. They threw me out a while ago also. Just because I show up drunk every now and then, they say I don't need help. They are full of shit! Every time I see my reflection in a mirror or window I think to myself, "That poor bastard looks like he needs some help". But they never listen so I am stuck out here." The man pulled Henry down to sit by him on the curb. "What about you? Why wouldn't they allow you to come into their little hideaway?" Henry didn't respond he just sat there taking in the sights of the world passing him by without a care for his survival. "Did you show up drunk also or was it???.Hey why are you wearing that shirt on your head? Is that blood? Are you alright?" Without answering Henry took off his makeshift bandage and allowed his curbside companion to observe the damage and the reason he had been turned away.
"Fuck man! What the hell happened to your ear? You look like you got in a fight with a blender." 
"Thanks for that." Henry answered.
"And the blender kicked your ass." The man continued. "What are you going to do? Are you going to go into the ER or something, these bastards aren't going to help you?" 
"I have no idea, I mean it's not like I can pay for a trip to the emergency room or anything, so I don't know, maybe just try and tape it back together or something. I really don't know." Henry said, shaking his head at the idea of having to tape his ear back together for dropping a bottle of shitty whiskey and missing his delivery. 
"Look here, I was in the army in my previous life. Now it isn't going to be pretty but I can probably help fix you up a little bit better then you trying to do anything yourself. I mean I wasn't a doctor or anything but they show us a few things and besides that I will have a much better angle to work from then you trying to do it yourself in a window reflection or something. So what do you say?" The would-be doctor offered Henry.
"Okay. It's not like you can do a worse job then I would." Henry responded.
"You just sit right here and I'll go find some supplies and set up a spot with some light, I'll be back." With that, the man whose name Henry didn't even know took off down the street in search of medical utensils to help bring Henry's ear back into the shape of a normal ear. 
  Henry sat there alone for a while thinking of how he was about to have surgery performed by someone he had just met. In fact whose name he didn't even know. Giving that kind of trust based on the hopefulness that the man truly had been in the military at some point and wasn't just crazy coupled with the lack of options that were available to Henry, left him waiting for the man to return. When Henry was sure that the man wasn't going to return, after having waited nearly half an hour he stood and began walking down the street with no hope of ever having symmetry between his ears again. He had made it only about half way down the block when he heard someone running towards him from behind. Even though Henry had already been caught by surprise once today and paid the price dearly for it, his instincts hadn't changed yet. Henry should have just felt the urge to start running, no hesitation, no looking back, but this paranoia was new to him and so instead he turned and looked over his shoulder to see if he was being attacked again.  Instead of another attacker or another visit from the previous ones Henry saw the man who had gone to get supplies running after him with a paper grocery bag that appeared to be full. When his soon to be doctor made it to Henry he stopped and bent over resting his hands on his knees trying to catch his breath.
"Hey?.Hey where are you going?" The man was able to get out in between gasps for air.
"I didn't think you were going to come back. I don't know where I was going, I was just going." Henry answered as he looked away from the man down the street. 
The man having caught his breath a little bit continued. "But I have all the stuff that we need; I can fix you up really well. Not like new or anything, but better then not doing anything about it. What you have there is multiple open wounds. That is just asking to get some kind of infection." Henry's new doctor took him by the arm and led him over to a nearby alley that apparently the man had already been setting up as what would have to make due for their operating room. There was an overturned garbage can for Henry to sit on and it was placed nicely under an overhead street lamp. This gave the place even more of the feel of grime then it had had before when it was just an alleyway. The doctor placed his paper bag of tools down beside the overturned can and led Henry to sit down. "Now just relax, it's going to be alright. I mean there is hospital medicine, in the military there is field medicine and what we are about to attempt is street medicine, using whatever we can to fix you up, but we should be ok. I found some pretty useful items when I was looking around." The man pulled a crate next to Henry, which was going to serve as his instrument table and then started unloading the contents of the paper bag onto the crate. He did this with extreme care as if he were placing his pristine tools used for exact operations. What he pulled out of the bag was far from stainless steel instruments sterilized in a hospital setting. The tools that were placed on the crate were a butter knife, a serrated knife with the handle missing, some floss that was still in its container, a few t-shirts, a couple of mismatched plastic chopsticks and a half of a bottle of Everclear alcohol. 
"Whoa?..what is that stuff for? I know you aren't thinking of using that shit on my ear." Henry argued, starting to get up from his operating chair. To this the doctor stopped and looked at Henry. 
"Do you have any other alternatives? Last I saw you just got thrown out of a place where they basically take anyone." The man argued. 
"I'll try another shelter, maybe they will help me." Henry told him. 
"If you want to try that, go ahead. I'm not forcing you to do this here, I'm just trying to help. What is going to happen if you don't get it taken care of soon is you won't only be worrying about how your ear looks in the mirror; you'll be wondering what to do with the rotting flesh, how to hide the smell that it gives off, and how not to die from the infection it will lead to. If you want to try your luck somewhere else, be my guest." Henry raised his hand motioning out of the alley, taunting Henry to go looking for help that he would of course never find. 
After some hesitation, while Henry looked down at the ground, looking to it for answers, Henry answered. "Okay. Alright , how bad is this going to be?" 
"Not quite as bad as when the people were doing this to you??but close." The doctor answered. 
"Ahhhh shit. Okay, do what you can." Henry finally conceded. "Let's get this over with." Henry took a deep breath and held it for a while. The doctor slowly removed the bandages of the t-shirt holding Henry's ear in place. When the doctor got down to the last layer Henry moaned as the shirt stuck to the ear where the blood had dried forming a glue of Henry's pain. "I've got to get this off of here." It was obvious that the pain was excruciating for Henry as his bandage was pulled off. Henry was finally able to get it off and when it was all done Henry gave a sigh of relief and just relaxed for a second. "Here, bite down on this, you don't want to crack a tooth or anything out here, after all I don't know any field dentistry." The doctor handed Henry a piece of leather that looked like it had been part of a belt at some point.
  Through the course of the operation, Henry moaned and groaned in pain, biting down hard on the piece of leather between his teeth. Somehow he was able to make it through the pain without passing out or going into shock. When Henry thought he could take no more, the pain gave him another wave to handle. Henry kept his eyes closed the entire time that the doctor was working on him, the last thing he wanted to see was a blood covered rusty butter knife fly across his field of vision. It wasn't until the operation was almost complete that Henry started to think to himself that he may have been too trusting with the very first person he had met on the street offering help. The man on the curb had seemed a little too willing to help, and unbelievably, apparently experienced in dealing with injuries like this. It all seemed a little too perfect. There was no way that Henry was just now catching a break. Perhaps he had been in shock and his judgment had been impaired when he had allowed this stranger to operate on him, or maybe he was just all out of options and didn't really care anymore. Henry began to get agitated and move around slightly in his chair. He couldn't take it anymore. Who was this guy who had so eagerly wanted to use the instruments that he had rounded up so quickly? Henry felt himself begin to freak out, he was just about to scream and go running off into the night, probably with a more disfigured ear then he had started with when the doctor broke the silence.
"There you go, you are all done. I'm not saying it is anything great, but at least it looks like an ear now and not boiled cabbage." 
"What? You're done?" Henry asked, caught off guard by the calmness of the man operating on him. 
"Yup, there is a window around the corner there if you want to take a look in a minute. I am just going to pour the last of this alcohol on there, hopefully kill something in there, or at least wash it out a bit. This is going to sting." The doctor poured out the rest of the alcohol over his ear, moving some of the pieces around to get it in any of the cracks. Henry let out one last monstrous moan, but once the doctor was done the sharp sting of pain subsided, leaving in its wake a throbbing that was horrible but nowhere near the sharp pain of the surgery. 
"Go check it out, let me know what you think?"  The doctor urged Henry to go look at his work. Henry got up from his operation chair and slowly walked out of their little surgical area. Not knowing quite what to expect Henry was afraid to look in the mirror. Was his ear going to be completely cut off, would there be a chunk missing from it now? The light from the above streetlight shown down and reflected on the window showing Henry in his beaten form. Before he even attempted to look at his ear Henry gave himself a once over, looking at his tattered clothing, the blood stains on his clothes, the frailness of his body, the thinness in his face and what were already showing as bruises on every part of his body that wasn't covered with clothing. It was time; however, enough admiring the piece of shit reflected back at him, it was time to see what this doctor had done to him. Henry looked slowly as he turned his head towards the window pane. He cringed as the ear was coming into sight. The idea of the disfigurement was still overwhelming him before he could fully see it. With only the tools that the man had pulled out of that paper shopping bag Henry's personal doctor had been able to reconstruct his ear with great accuracy and skill. Once the initial shock of relief had passed, Henry looked closer at the work that had been done. Each piece that had been only a shred of flesh a short while ago had been pierced, presumably with a piece of the chopstick. The doctor had broken a piece and burned it a bit and sharpened it until it had become a needle to thread through the pieces of ear still holding on. Instead of stitches the doctor had used the dental floss to hold all the pieces together. Henry was utterly amazed that the work looked so good; the stitches were holding all of the pieces of his ear together to form what looked like a normal human ear. The gashes were still evident along each fissure in his ear but it was a very good job, especially considering the operating tools and the atmosphere that the man had worked under. Henry went to touch, the now full ear, to see if it would fall to pieces when it was touched. To his surprise the pieces didn't move, but the ear moved as a whole, also to his surprise was the sharp surge of pain that hit him as a reminder that the pieces were still cut and needed to heal. 
"Aaaaahhhhh God damnit!" Henry cursed as he bent over reeling from the shock of excruciating pain.
"Ha Ha, you touched it didn't you?" The doctor's voice asked from around the corner of the alleyway. "Yeah you probably shouldn't do that for a while." He continued in a slightly mocking tone.
"Yeah I got that, thanks. How did you do such a good job with the stuff you had? I was sure my ear was going to be cut to shit." Henry asked. 
"It already was, anything I did could only be an improvement." The doctor replied. 
"Shit, I wish I could do something to repay you. Is there anything I can do to try to make up for what you have done for me here?" 
"Well?..There is one thing." The doctor said to Henry as his eyes shown some mischief.
"What is it?" Henry asked somewhat afraid that he had been so prepared with something for Henry to pay back the doctor's medical services. There was a bit of a pause, as if the doctor was trying to find the right phrasing for whatever foul deed he wanted Henry to perform.
"Don't get your other ear cut up, okay? Also, help someone who needs it out here on the streets. If we don't look out for each other, nobody will. The world will just push us into the gutter and not give any care as to what happens to us, just like their sewage." The doctor then gave Henry strips of cloth which he had cut up so that Henry could wrap around his head to protect the ear. With that, the doctor slapped him on the shoulder in a friendly manner and started to turn and walk away. Looking very perplexed at the unprecedented kindness and expertise this man had shown Henry, he didn't know what to say. 
"Okay, and that's it? Nothing else I can do?" Henry pushed.
"Nah, we are good. Looks like you have already given enough, have a safe night, maybe I'll see you around sometime." The doctor continued and kept walking, not bothering to turn around. Henry stood there for a minute just watching the opening to the alley that the doctor had walked down, still in awe at the selfless help he had received tonight. Perhaps things were turning around for him in the sense that karma was going to start flowing in his direction. He would start catching breaks, like a person willing to help him in his time of need, instead of dropping his weekly delivery just at the wrong time. Henry was filled with a lightness that made each step a little easier to take then the ones that had been made on his way to the shelter. Henry walked all the way back to his alleyway apartment with what was almost a smile, not quite but almost. He still couldn't believe his luck in finding the man that had helped him. When he had finally gotten back to where he would sleep for the night reality came flooding back to him once again. 
  The sight of his little area of the world that he came back to every night, thereby making it his home, was a mess. The cardboard and padding that had made up his mattress were thrown all over the place during the struggle. The place reeked of something old and moldy that had recently been thrown into one of the dumpsters. The pain in Henry's body only added to the full sensation that his home was conveying to him. Henry had to make some form of change, this couldn't be his life. He had had so much before, why couldn't he have it again? It wasn't as if once he had become homeless his education ceased to be relevant, he just needed to get back what he had lost. His previous life hadn't been so bad, mundane and unnecessary but not bad. It was as Henry looked down at his bed realizing that it was in this heap of recycled material that somewhere along the way he had lost his dignity and he had lost that which makes a person human. The will to survive and the want to do better and be better, Henry had just been passing through the lives of others not making a conscious effort to live his life. Henry lay down on his cardboard mattress and restuffed the paper padding beneath him. 
  As soon as Henry lay down he felt the pain in his stomach. At first he thought it was more bruising from the beating he had received from the men earlier, the thought of internal bleeding hadn't even occurred to him until this moment. Upon further inspection though, Henry realized it was just his stomach craving some sort of sustenance, He hadn't eaten anything since the day before yesterday and his body was reminding him that he couldn't keep going like this without any food to sustain him. This brought up the question as to get up and find something to eat or just put it off until tomorrow, God knows he just wanted to rest right now. Henry lay back down determined to put it off until tomorrow when he was better rested, just as he got comfortable his stomach racked him with pain and sent him cramping onto his side.  The need for food was going to be too strong for him to just sleep away tonight. Groaning with despair at his misfortune for having to get up, Henry made his way back to his feet and stood there for a few minutes as blood rushed around his body. Once again he felt his ear pulse with pain and heat. There really was no question as to what to eat. The only real plan would be to check some of the dumpsters next to restaurants and see if they had thrown anything away tonight. There were a few dumpsters in the area that usually had some good stuff. At this late hour though the pickings would be slim as others would have already made it through the leftovers of the night and he would be left with just scraps, if that. 
  Henry went to his usual spots around the neighborhood and found only empty plates or meals that had been spoiled by something far past its expiration date unfortunately being tossed on top of something eatable. Henry made it back to his home without so much as scraps piled on a plate, he was empty handed and his stomach pains reminded him over and over that this wasn't something he could just ignore. He sat down on his cardboard mattress and had given up hope when he heard some rustling in the newspaper next to his bed. Henry moved away some of the paper and had the reflexes to grab and break the neck of a rat that was in his home. Tonight this would have to do for dinner. 
  There were many fires in alleys that were burning continuously. These were meeting places for homeless people all around the city to come together to cook, keep warm and share company when that was wanted. Henry had usually avoided these areas as he hadn't been one for conversation and the usual niceties of a social atmosphere. Tonight, however, he needed their fire and had made his way to one of the fires with his rat in hand. The keeper of the fire had helped him in skinning, preparing and cooking the rat. As soon as it was done Henry took his meal and left the light of the fire to return to the darkness of his home. Alone in the dark he ate the small bits of meat it provided and tried to remind himself of how tomorrow was going to be different, tomorrow he was going to start on his way out of this life. 
  Much to Henry's misfortune the damage had already been done. There was going to be no second chance at a normal life for him, in fact even his mediocre life had already been taken from him, only Henry didn't know it yet. Some people are killed by gunshots; some by an ice pick, a car crash, a bus, and all sorts of different ways can sever a person from their body. For Henry it was the first bite of perfectly cooked rat that ended his life in this world. 
  Diseases come in every form imaginable, some caused by bacteria, some by viruses. There are some that cause a sniffle and a sneeze while others are a death sentence from which people have no courts in which to appeal this sentencing. The chemical combination that was in the rat was not very harmful to the rat, it had no idea that what made it feel a little ill in its last couple days would be something that would make Cancer and Aids look like scrapes on the knees of the world compared to the devastation that this new disease brought. 
  Henry had once again won the lottery of all that was unlucky in the world. Had he believed in fate all his previous encounters were obviously leading him up to this moment in time where he would be the first. The skeptic in him who still believed in free will would have to look back and see coincidences and chance that had led him to this moment. The first to cross paths and join these two entities for the first time, these soul mates that would eventually destroy each other, the disease and the human race were finally together. In Henry's body the sickness found a new organism it had never encountered before, it flourished and changed within his body. The disease behaved as if its eyes were now wide open to a universe much bigger than itself and exploration was the only option. As soon as the body attempted to digest the first piece of rat that had entered, two sides of this battle were already mobilizing. The new infection surveyed its surroundings, finding out what sorts of chemicals were around and what it would need to survive. The body took stock of what was different in the system and started figuring out what to do about this new substance. As simply as a bight of a cooked rat while attempting to recover from a beating and a surgical nightmare while thinking of how to improve his situation Henry had unknowingly ended the world as we know it. With the pains in his stomach subsiding at the sustenance Henry fell to sleep with no knowledge as to his part in the end. 
  All attacks by the body on the invader had little to no effect and every time that Henry's body did find some weapon that had any kind of impact the intruder changed its structure or changed its tactic. The body had no idea how to deal with something this abstract, something this dynamic that didn't follow rules that Henry's body could learn and then exploit. Every trick that Henry's immune system knew was tried in order to isolate the foreign power that was so dominant. All went without any real set back or even delay to the murderer growing in Henry. The new virus flourished in Henry's body and wanted to explore everything all at once. Without any hesitation or opposition and with all sorts of raw materials to repopulate it, the virus did just that, it expanded and explored in every direction. The mutations and changes continued as pieces of this virus made it to the internal organs where the bloodstream so conveniently shown the path. When the virus finally found the correct path to the brain of Henry, the speed at which it adapted and started taking the place of other chemicals was astounding. The virus had found its nourishment in the brain of a human and changed once again, this time into what would extinguish human life on the planet.

CHAPTER 5: Grandeur

  Henry woke to the smell of bacon and eggs being cooked on a hot stove. The pain in his stomach stabbed at him aggressively telling him to wake up and go eat. Henry turned on his side and could hear music playing close by, he couldn't quite place the song but it sounded familiar, still he didn't want to get up. Henry pulled the nearby pillow closer and repositioned himself on the cold side of the pillow. Somehow the warm blankets and the cold pillow combined to form a soothing sensation that made him feel at ease. His stomach was not so easily swayed and growled for Henry to wake up and find the source of the intoxicating smell of bacon. He tried to push the thought aside and just continue in his relaxation with nothing on his mind, but his stomach yelled at him once again.
"Fine, I'm up." Henry conceded to his stomach. Slowly moving from off the pillow and dragging himself out of the bed. The bed squeaked a little as he did this and Henry thought they were going to need a new bed soon. This bed just didn't have the support like it used to and now it made this squeak every time he was getting in or out of bed. It seemed as if each day that passed he felt luckier to have found Lucy and that she hadn't turned into some kind of control freak. With this thought on his mind he walked out into the kitchen and saw Lucy cooking breakfast wearing just an oversized t-shirt, one of his old ones. His stomach gave a grown in urging towards the food and other parts of his body gave their own nudging in the direction of Lucy's sexiness. Henry walked quietly over to her and swooped up under her arms so that he could hug her from behind. Holding her close he kissed her neck and felt at peace, it was as if a rest that he had been chasing for weeks had finally come within reach. The happiness and contentment that Henry felt was too much for his body to handle and a single tear ran down his cheek and touched Lucy's shoulder, she turned around at this sensation and saw a sadness in Henry's eyes. 
"What's wrong honey?" Lucy asked as she hugged him around the waist and looked into his eyes. 
"I don't know, I just feel really good right now. It just feels like I have come home after a long trip, it just feels perfect." Henry said while wiping his eyes to make sure no more tears fell. 
"Awwww, that is sweet. Sit down I'll bring you some breakfast." Henry gave her another squeeze of affection and then headed to the table. "So what do you want to do today? Go to the park for a walk, go see a movie, keep me in bed all day? It is your day after all, but next Saturday we are doing whatever I want, so be careful what you have me do for you today." Lucy continued, chuckling with a cute accusing look. 
"I don't know yet, I wouldn't mind just staying in and having a relaxing day, maybe watch some movies here, but I also want to get out of the house for a bit"
"Why don't we do both? We can have the best of both worlds." Lucy responded. "Oh, and the doctor sent the test results I think they are in the pile of mail on the table. Your mom is too funny, wanting to check everything just to make sure. I am sure the baby is fine, and I tried not to be too offended that she wanted a paternity test." Lucy laughed as she held her hands on the area where the baby would soon start to show its presence. "I guess your mom is just trying to protect you, but still. Anyway, you should show her the results when we see her next week."
Henry got up from his chair and went over to the pile of mail and started looking through the junk mail and the bills looking for something sent from the doctor's office. When he found the letter he was looking for Henry ripped it open with haste as if some news inside was very urgent. He had never had any questions as to her loyalty before, but now that proof was waiting in a little white envelope something inside him forced his hand faster to find the proof. The envelope opened easily and Henry thumbed through the contents to find what he was looking for. Henry made it to the part of blood tests and then the subsection of paternity. In the brief sentence below the professional notes it simply stated that the blood samples had matched and that Henry was in fact the father of the baby that Lucy carried within her. As Henry read the words tears rolled freely down his cheek and He couldn't explain why he was so ecstatic to read this news. He had never felt the need to even question in his own mind before let alone be so relieved in seeing professional test results of her faithfulness. All that Henry could do was stand there and hold on to the sense of relief that he felt for no known reason, it was as if he needed this more than anything right now, and he had no idea why. 
  Henry looked over to Lucy and felt such love for her. It seemed as if he had missed that feeling even though she had been with him every night since they found out that she was pregnant. As she stood with the window behind her the building across the way seemed to be closer then he remembered. Maybe it was an optical illusion or his eyes just hadn't fully woken up yet, Henry rubbed them to see if that would help. When he opened his eyes once again, for a second there was nothing but blurriness but then it seemed that the building that was across the street now made up the wall on the other side of the room as if the street that had divided them had been removed from existence. The window that had been an opening to the city and shown the opposing building was now a window into the apartment that had been across from theirs. Henry looked back to Lucy for comfort to make sure she was seeing all of this and that he wasn't going mad. She looked up at him with a questioning expression, "What's wrong?" she asked. Henry was about to answer, when he saw behind her where the cupboards had been there was now a shop with all sorts of trinkets for sale just behind her. Getting worked up very quickly, Henry turned back to where his window had been before it was replaced by the building next door's window. The world was collapsing around him too quickly for his mind to contemplate or his eyes to follow. A shot of pain shot to his brain in a headache unparalleled in speed and effectiveness. Henry crumpled to the ground. He looked up to make sure Lucy was still contained in this reality and hadn't been substituted with a light post or fire hydrant. She was still there, only now she was standing on the sidewalk of a busy street. 
  Before Henry could react and try to save her from the impending implosion of the world she dissolved into the background that was the city now surrounding him. Without a word or even a look of worry she had vanished from view.  
  Slowly, as Henry looked wildly around the street, memories made their connections as only the human brain can. Across the street was the alleyway that had come to be his home. His clothes had changed from his relaxing Saturday attire to his blood stained clothes of the night before, Henry's head was once again wrapped in strips of someone else's t-shirt helping to clot the blood that sought to escape the slits in his ear. Henry touched the bandaged area and the pain that shot to his system helped to remind him of his life here on this plane of existence and remind him that just across the street was his home now.
  Henry crumpled to the street as his life came back to him. The child had not been his. The life he had just visited had not been his, it had been something of his dreams, and it was his deepest desire for what his life could have been. The vision had not been simply a dream though. The world had just morphed from what he had wanted into the world where reality held its grip on him. He had felt it all slipping through his fingers and had tried to hold tight to that life that had escaped him. Henry dropped to his knees and on the sidewalk, facing traffic Henry wept. Henry hadn't cried in as long as he could remember, but now the tears came freely and were not his to stop. The tears belonged to that other life, the one that had been truly happy with Lucy, the life that was going to have their child together. That life had the tears to cry at the loss of Lucy in the traffic this morning. Henry of the streets had no right to cry those tears, as that Lucy and that child did not belong to him. Still he cried harder at having been shown the life that he wanted above all others. The life that had been taken from him in a transition to his current one with the sleight of hand of a true master. 
  The virus had found in its first human host's mind all that it could want to sustain itself, it was tapping into parts of the mind, controlling perception and the wants and fears of a person. In those fine tuned inner workings of the mind the virus had morphed and changed, the virus found a form that made a person see the things that either they truly wanted or truly feared, which were usually very closely linked. The virus was able to activate these memories through chemical trickery and cause a person to live through an experience that the mind created all on its own with just minor tinkering from the virus. This virus had found a new way to survive, through the compassion, fear, anxiety, guilt and the minds ability to create our own reality as we do every night when we sleep. During these visions the mind created all the chemicals the virus needed to sustain itself. People would be helpless to resist the wants and fears that they created for themselves. The virus was becoming a drug individually tailored to a person's specifications. The virus had turned from something that was passed through direct ingestion to something that could be passed through airborne transmission. When the virus became an airborne attacker the human race became doomed. If it had been transmitted through skin contact or through an infected water source it could have been combated through quarantines. With the virus taking to the air there was no stopping it. For all the advances of the human race we are more dependent on air then we ever could be on fossil fuels and yet we have no way to regulate its quality on a global scale and so the virus was free to roam from one individual to the next. It was gaining the ability to stay alive for longer and longer outside a host. 
  The resolution to get out of this lifestyle and return to the society from which he had fallen came swarming back to Henry when he saw his blood soaked disheveled home. The only way he was going to be able to do this was if he was able to keep Bernie off his back. He could only do this by making enough money on his own to disguise himself to at least look like the people living in the civilized world. In his tattered rags, covered in blood and sweat he would not be allowed to look for work, and he wouldn't be allowed into the homes of any of his relatives to ask for help. Henry had to get out and make the money to be able to pay Bernie the expected two bottles for this week that Aaron and Randy had demanded. Having lost all his money and foreseeing the bad luck he was going to have trying to get money from people in his current condition Henry saw only one option. He would have to go and try and talk to Bernie. Maybe he could get some kind of extension or find some other kind of work that could be done on his behalf to cover his weekly debt. Bernie was a business man, in his own sense, and would realize that Henry wouldn't be able to get handouts in his current condition. In either case Henry decided that any delay in action would not help anyone, so he would go to the lair that he had visited before and hope that it was still where Bernie sat atop his throne. 
  Henry made his way across several blocks of the city trying to remember the way he had traveled when Jake had escorted Henry away from the throne room of Bernie. The way that the brain is able to map out its movements after only one brief trip and the accuracy with which the brain can recall this information is amazing. Noticing shops and familiarities in the landscape that Henry hadn't intentionally taken note of on his previous journey he was able to make his way back to that same place that he had been strong armed into a few weeks earlier. The entire trip across the city streets Henry's body still tried to fight off the infection that was attacking all that he was. The fever that his body was experiencing, causing hot and cold shakes also made Henry's breathing erratic and labored. This heavy breathing allowed for the virus to be sent from Henry to every passerby, where it quickly found its way into the same cozy places as it had found in Henry. As he walked he had been turned into a walking talking biological weapon that had already been doomed to self destruct. Every breath Henry continued to take sentenced someone else to death as he passed them. The virus, now being in this stage, that for one reason or another felt was ideal. It just passed from one breathing live person, converted them to a biological weapon then sent them to infect others. 
  By the time Henry had made it to where he had first met Bernie hundreds had already been infected with this new virus. The virus was already in the process of making the bystanders into distribution centers to take home to their families or to the office where those people would then infect others. The virus passed on from one person to the next in a rate as fast as people could come into contact with one another. With the great expanse and diversity of a big city with people coming in and going out all the time to different places the virus was making incredible progress. When Henry had made it to Bernie's palace of security the virus was already travelling first class in a limousine towards the airport, only the best for the new attempted killer of the human race. 

CHAPTER 6: Help From an Enemy

  There was a large man standing at the entrance to the alleyway where Henry remembered being taken, what seemed like years ago. At first Henry didn't recognize the man, Henry's eyes were watering and his vision was a little blurry from the fever that seemed to be increasing in temperature. When Henry rubbed his eyes and was able to look straight at the man standing in his path. Henry recognized the man as Jake, the man who had escorted Henry to and from this place. Henry continued to walk up towards him, as if he was going to be able to just walk in and talk to Bernie. 
"Hey, where do you think you are going?" Jake stopped Henry with a hand to the chest.
"I need to see Bernie" Henry answered dismissively. Jake stepped in front of Henry to show this answer wasn't going to be enough and so Henry tried to add more of an explanation. 
"I?I was going to try and see Bernie. I wanted to see if there was something else I could do to pay him the double payment I apparently owe this week. As you can see, I am sick, and his two?.associates messed me up pretty good. I don't think I can get the money to pay him for two bottles this week from standing on the corner asking for help. I wanted to see if there was something else he needed done or some other way I could pay." With the first sentence that Henry spoke in Jakes direction the death sentence was passed on from Henry, subject zero, on to another unsuspecting host. 
"I don't think so pal. He is pretty busy today; I don't think he will have time for you today." Jake responded to Henry. 
"Look at me! Do I look like I am going to be able to pay him this week? I am just trying to cover my debt, not get out of it!" Henry yelled at Jake, now becoming very frustrated. The sickness within him was taking most his energy and the pain from his ear was taking the rest of his attention, thus depleting his patience. 
In a nicer tone that was a little more responsive to Henry's frustration Jake responded. "I'm sorry, I can't let you in man." Once again being denied, Henry pulled off the wrapping around his ear that was wound all the way around his head and exposed his ear to the elements as well as to Jakes eyes that were unable to look away. 
"Look at this! Now I just need to ask for more time or something else to do to make up for missing my delivery. I just don't want this to happen to the other ear or anything worse ok? Now just let me in so I can talk to him." Henry yelled at Jake. Seeing the mess of a man that stood before him, Jake could no longer resist at least trying to do something to help this guy, he looked like he had had a really rough couple of days. If only Jake had known that on top of the observable woes that Henry was going through, internally his body was getting overrun with a virus that was already determined to kill him quickly, perhaps Jake's pace would have quickened. 
"I can't let you in, but let me go in and talk to Bernie and see if he will see you or if he can do anything to help you. Jake told Henry as he motioned for Henry to stay where he was and turned and when inside the alleyway that Henry wasn't allowed into yet. He could feel his whole body pulsing, his ear yelled out in pain at being exposed to the elements in such an unexpected way, his head pounded with the fever and the rest of his body followed suit trying to send resources to the immune system that had worn out his whole system. For a few minutes Henry just stood with his back against the wall, every breath seemed to be labored and his body was on fire. He was still wearing his coat but his mother had taught him to sweat out a fever so he kept it on and turned towards the wall and placed his head against it. The cold brick was soothing for a moment until the continuous heat of his forehead overpowered cold of the brick. Once that brick had been warmed up past the point of cooling his head he moved on to the one just next to it and once again felt the relaxing sensation of coolness against his warm brow. The feeling reminded him of his vision/delusion of when he had been laying in bed and had grabbed a cold pillow and felt the soothing cool against his still sleeping body. For a moment Henry was back in that reality and just lay there, perhaps if his body didn't move he would be thrust back into that world that had dissolved around him a few hours earlier. With such stillness Henry could feel the pillow underneath his resting head; he was close to getting back to that life. If he didn't breathe, if he didn't think too hard about where he was, maybe he would drift back there.
A tap on the shoulder tore the world from him faster than a gunshot in the ear. Rage spurred up in Henry as he had been close to getting that world back again. He had been close to getting the loving wife that Henry had so wanted. He had been close to having the child that had been his with the blood tests to prove it. "I talked to Bernie and he said you could come in." Jake spoke with a sympathetic tone that from his appearance wouldn't be guessed could come from him. Henry contained his rage, but still it couldn't all be held in and some shot forth to Jake through the eyes of a man that cares nothing about consequences and has just had everything torn from him, for the second time today. 
"Don't touch me!" Henry snapped. 
Jake pulled his hand back in reflex at Henry's outburst as if he had touched something hot. His body acting before his brain had a say in what it was doing. "Relax, I'm not going to hurt you. I said you could go ahead and go in, Bernie is waiting for you." Jake said trying to put Henry at ease. 
"Oh okay." Henry answered as he seemed to calm down, coming back to reality once again. When Jake moved out of the doorway to allow Henry to pass he saw in Jakes eyes a sort of pity. Henry thought, perhaps Jake didn't like his work after all. Jake didn't seem like Aaron or Randy, those two delighted in the work they were given, in that one glimpse from Jake, Henry saw that he and Jake were very similar. He continued his walk, passed Jake and walked into the inner sanctum of Bernie, this time unescorted. Jake had probably told Bernie the poor shape that the man at the door was in and that he wouldn't be any kind of threat to him. What Jake didn't know was that he was letting in the worst kind of threat, a bomb that has already exploded, yet the suicide bomber didn't know it, taking with him all the carnage of the original explosion to every place he traveled. Henry walked in and exposed the few people who were already in with Bernie to the same kind of hell he was now experiencing. Among the people that were inside with Bernie were Aaron and Randy. Those two were obviously close to Bernie judging by the short proximity away from Bernie that they were allowed to sit. When Randy and Aaron saw Henry walk in they both turned to one another and whispered something and then chuckled between themselves. Just by being in the same room with Henry his pain would be avenged on them. Coming into this enclosed area the virus had no trouble jumping from one host to the next, infecting as many as it could as quickly as it could. 
"Holy shit! What happened to you?" Bernie asked in surprise. Bernie looked genuinely concerned, not concerned enough to get out of his chair, but still it seemed like he was actually worried about Henry's health. 
"Those two." Henry answered timidly. He wasn't here to confront the two men, he was just here to plead for some kind of extension or leeway. Henry was still pretty scared and intimidated just with the two of them in the same room with him. Henry had hoped never to see Aaron or Randy ever again. They were sick bastards who might try and cut up Henry's other ear just to give him some symmetry, they might even think they were doing him a favor. 
"Those two who? These two? They did this to you?" Bernie asked Henry as he pointed to Aaron and Randy sitting close to him. 
Henry was now feeling a little bolder, whether that was a mistake or not, he would soon find out. The disgusting thing that looked much better than before but still made the stomach cramp up when it was looked upon. "They also did this to me. They held me down and cut my ear to pieces with a boxcutter." Henry pleaded with the audience for some sympathy.
"That is horrible. You two get the hell out of here you sick fucks!" Bernie yelled at the two and watched them leave out a back entrance that Henry didn't even know existed before he saw the two men leaving, each with a somber face. When Bernie turned back around he had to wipe the smirk from his face that he had been giving to Aaron and Randy as they had left. "I am really sorry for what they did to you and believe me they will be dealt with accordingly. Sometimes they get carried away. You understand that I have to keep people in line and I did warn you of what could happen if you didn't make the payments on time." 
"I know you did, but that was an accident. Didn't the delivery guy tell you that I dropped the bottle just in front of him as I was going to deliver it?" Henry asked, trying to tell his side of the story. 
"No, of course not, if he had, I'm sure we could have worked something out. That sounds like just a little piece of bad luck and I mean that is the reason that most of us are out here. Just one day we caught some bad luck and here we are." After a short pause. "Damn that looks horrible." As Bernie tried to get a better look at Henry's mutilated ear. 
"Yeah it hurts like hell." Henry answered trying to play up what little sympathy this man might have inside him. "That is sort of why I am here. Look at me. I get all I have to live on and to pay you with from people giving me handouts on the street corner. If I try to go and get money from people on that same corner they are going to turn away in fear, and rightly so, I look like shit." Henry explained.
"So, are you saying that you won't be able to make your payments to me every week from now on?" Bernie asked, trying to get things clear and subtly suggest that this shouldn't be what Henry was trying to tell him.
"No, not at all. It has been made very clear that payments are to be on time every week. What I am trying to find out is if there is some other way that I could make this payment for you every week? Is there some other task that I could do for you instead of collecting money and then delivering to the drop points? Or possibly if you know of some other way that I could make the money necessary to purchase the bottles without having to interact with people and hope for their generosity?" Henry asked in his most humble tone.
"Oh, I see. That is different. Let me see what I can do, I am sure that I can come up with something. We can make some sort of arrangement. For now I am going to say that you should take this week off, you look like shit. It took balls to come here even after what those two did to you and ask for some other way of paying, without trying to get out of it or pleading on your knees for a week off. I respect that you aren't trying to shake your responsibilities and that you are looking for new avenues of improving your situation. Take the week off and try to get yourself looked at. Ill also have Jake give you a bottle of alcohol to disinfect your ear at the front when you leave alright?" Bernie told Henry, he really did admire the man's courage to come here after what he had been through.
"Thank you, I don't know what to say. I really wasn't expecting this; I was just trying to find another way to pay. I really appreciate it though, and if you do come up with any other ways for me to make more money to be able to pay it would really help. I promise I won't be late with another payment." Henry continued in a most grateful manner. 
"Ok, that sounds good, and try to keep a better grip on the bottle when you are running to turn them in to the guys doing the collecting." Bernie answered in a dismissive tone that signaled Henry that it was time for him to leave. Henry hadn't told Bernie that he had been running to drop off the bottle when he had dropped it though. To Henry it was a slap in the face when Bernie said this, Bernie had seemed like he had some compassion to his situation but Bernie had known all along. This whole conversation had been a joke to Bernie. Why Bernie had allowed it to go on was beyond Henry. Perhaps just for his own sick pleasure, they would probably all have a nice laugh about this after Henry left. For now though, Bernie was showing a nice side and Henry wasn't going to ignore this. Henry would take the alcohol that Bernie had offered and would take the week off, even though Henry was sure that if he didn't deliver this week he would probably be in store for another visit from Aaron and Randy. To Henry, at this point it didn't really matter, either they would kill him or he would get his week off and would recover from his injuries just enough to be able to make his payment the following week. The cycle would continue until Henry was forced to miss another payment and Aaron and Randy would once again be at his apartment in the shadows to take their pent up frustrations at their own lives gone wrong out on Henry. Henry just turned and started to walk to the exit with another pile of problems added atop his already mounting despair. He turned and looked Bernie in the eye. "Thank you." With these words heavy in his throat, his mind trying not to allow his body to thank the man that had caused him so much pain already, coupled with the virus using Henry's lungs as its own personal dispensary Henry coughed. The cough was small at first, but Henry not being able to catch his breath continued to cough until he was doubled over coughing into his jacket. 
  Henry made it outside and saw Jake still standing guard at the door. When Henry came out Jake looked different. He looked as if he was troubled by the job he had to do. Jake instantly felt pity for Henry. Before Henry had even spoken to him, Jake looked at Henry almost apologetically. It seemed that Jake had had enough of this life and no longer liked what he was doing to survive. Perhaps he realized that the next logical progression of his work for Bernie would be to become like Aaron and Randy, taking pleasure in all the pain that was inflicted and laughing about it later. At this point Henry didn't care to ask if something had changed Jake, as it wasn't as if these two were great friends or anything. In fact it had only been a few weeks earlier that Jake had woken up Henry with a kick to the back and then brought him here to get him initiated into this lifestyle where Henry was required to pay just to be homeless in the city. 
"Bernie said that you would give me a bottle of alcohol for my ear?" Henry asked of Jake, pointing to his still exposed ear, which was still being held together with floss and looking pretty horrid in the reds, blues and green tones that it had taken on. 
"Ok, wait right here I'll go grab it for you." Jake went back inside, probably to check with Bernie before presenting the bottle to Henry for him to clean out his ear and other cuts. Henry waited patiently outside, thinking about what he was going to do to try and get out of this situation that had taken hold of his life. He was thinking how he was going to get out from under the thumb of Bernie and then how he was going to get back to a life that had rules and where people didn't necessarily treat others with respect, but they disrespected each other in such an arrogant and socially accepted way that it went unnoticed. Nothing came to mind right now, Henry just figured he needed some rest and some healing time to figure out what his next step would be to get back to his life. Most likely he would have to go to a relative for help, he wasn't sure who he could go to yet, he was sure that he couldn't elevate himself from this life without some help. Jake emerged carrying a clear bottle of alcohol and handed it to Henry. Henry took the bottle and turned to walk away, from over his shoulder he heard Jake say "I'm sorry, I'm sorry I got you into this." 
"Me too." Was all that Henry said, not bothering to look back towards Jake and allow him the satisfaction of showing within his eyes the truly apologetic feelings he had for Henry. 
  
CHAPTER 7: Home Again

  Henry walked along the street and without warning was slapped hard across the face. This slap had been so forceful and filled with such rage that it immediately changed the clothes Henry was wearing, as well as the whole world around him. Henry was transported back to the apartment that he had shared with Lucy, what felt like years ago, but had only been months. Henry was in the middle of an argument that he had never had with her. Without missing a beat he had been brought to this world where Lucy was having another man's child while she lived with Henry. The entire argument up to this point Henry remembered. With the slap it was the life on the streets and his alleyway home that he didn't remember, that life never existed to him, as he remembered it now.
"How dare you?!!" Lucy yelled at him.  
"How dare I what? I am pretty sure WHORE is exactly what you are." Henry fired back, slapping her in retaliation with his words as she had done with her open hand a moment ago. 
"That isn't fair. You weren't there for me when I needed you." Lucy tried to argue back. 
"Oh really? When wasn't I there for you exactly? On your lunch break? Or after work when you said you had to work late and wouldn't be home for the dinner that I had made? No really, Tell me, when wasn't I there for you?" Henry spoke with a confidence he had never had when he had been with Lucy before his life on the street. A calm rage guided his words to pierce through the lies she had told herself and had even started to believe.  
"It wasn't like that Henry. Don't make it sound so scandalous." Lucy tried to argue back and shrug off what she had done to Henry. 
"Are you fucking kidding me? You can't possibly be this insane. You fucked some guy, got knocked up and then let me believe that you were having my child. What about that isn't scandalous?" Henry responded to her defense.
"Why are you being like this Henry? This isn't you. We can work through this." Lucy pleaded, realizing that her hold of control in this situation was gone and all she could do was try to appeal to Henry's feelings for her.
"I am being me. At least the me that I should have been before. This is my fault in some way, if I would have been more assertive and not let you think it would be alright if you went out and fucked some guy on your lunch break then we wouldn't be here right now." Henry paused. "That doesn't change the fact that we are here now and that makes neither you, nor that reminder of your treachery growing in your belly, my problem at all." Henry finished with a control and assertiveness that Lucy had never seen before. 
"What? What do you mean?" Lucy asked, not fully understanding what Henry was saying. 
"I mean take that bastard child and get the fuck out of here!" Henry answered opening the door for her to leave. "You can come by for your shit sometime when I am not here. Until then stay out of my sight."
"Where am I supposed to go? What am I supposed to do?" Lucy pleaded as she walked towards the door looking back at Henry just outside the apartment. 
"You know what Lucy? I don't give a shit." With that cold last remark Henry slammed the door and listened as her footsteps pounded down the hallway. Each of Lucy's footsteps as she walked away shook the entire apartment. With each footstep Lucy took away from the apartment their sound lessened, while the shaking effect they had on the apartment only increased. The apartment was going through earthquakes in sync with her footsteps. Finally on her last footstep from Henry the apartment shook and caused the picture of the Lucy and Henry to fall and shatter on the ground. When it hit the floor Henry was jolted back to reality. The crash of the picture had come at the exact time that a small car crash had happened on the street adjacent to where Henry was now walking. Once again he had been torn from another world where different decisions had been made. A world in which he had kept his dignity and confronted Lucy for what she had done to him. In that world he had not lost everything, he had kept himself, he was strong there. He would not have fell off the planet and ended up living on the streets making payments to Bernie. That version of himself would have continued on and seen that he was better off without Lucy. The car crash on the street next to him had snapped Henry out of his trance. Henry wasn't really sure where he was but these visions seemed to be getting more intense for him, his face still tingled from the slap that Lucy had hit him with in that other world. All Henry could do was walk back to the bed that awaited him in the alley. This most recent life had made him feel empowered; he had felt strength in himself the likes of which he had never known before. 
  With a full stomach and some food to spare for later, a cleaned ear and a strong sense of self worth, having lived out his confrontation with Lucy that had never really happened Henry slept with a deepness he hadn't been able to achieve since he had become a resident of the streets. The strength of the virus increased as he slept. 
  The next day Henry saw brief visions of Lucy ducking behind buildings while he was walking around the city. He was looking for "new" clothes for himself so that he could get rid of the blood soaked ones. There is nothing good about a homeless person having blood on their clothes. People who pass by and see this think that the homeless person is dangerous or has gotten mixed up with the wrong kind of people, cops suspect that you have been in some kind of altercation or beat someone up and took their clothes. From no point of view does a homeless person wearing blood soaked clothes help anyone involved. Every time that Henry would see Lucy and just miss her around a corner he would turn and chase after the shadow that he had mistaken for her. Each time he caught up with the aberration there was nothing to be seen. After finding some clothes that would suit him for the time being Henry was able to discard his soiled garments. While his new clothes weren't as comfortable or as clean, they at least didn't give the impression that he should be feared. Henry had recovered his second pair of jeans to take the place of the ones worn during his beating but he was wearing all his shirts and jacket at the time that much of his blood had been exposed to the outside world. Other then the occasional sighting of Lucy, Henry went relatively unscathed by the day and with the new set of clothes he was feeling very close to his old self again. While this isn't saying much to a person who sees the homeless from the outside as wretches and leaches on the world, something to be taken care of or disposed of, to Henry it was a significant improvement from when he went to see Bernie the day before. With only mild visions, a nagging fever, new clothes on his back, his ear on the mend and food in his stomach Henry was able to rest up some and see what he could accomplish the next day.  
  Henry had now been infected for three days with the virus that was wreaking havoc on his mind and beating the hell out of his immune system. The virus was not only destroying his insides but it was giving him visions of a life he never had. Visions that were so real Henry couldn't tell that they weren't happening until they had been ripped from him. Henry would instantaneously be thrust into one of these alternate possibilities where he had total memory of everything that had happened before that day. All these memories were of this imagined life, he never had any recollection of his life on the street or how things had really gone between him and Lucy until this fake life was shown to be nothing but a fictional account of the reality that Henry had lived through. Upon waking from this other possibility of his life the feelings were all still very real for Henry. He would still feel the love for Lucy and their unborn child, sometimes he would feel the self empowerment that came from telling her to get lost after he had found out about the child not being his. Each of these fantasies came from his own desires, a wish that things between them had turned out differently. In a manner of speaking the virus had tapped into Henry's mind and was granting all the wishes he had been making while trying to survive out on the streets. Still the virus burrowed deeper into his mind, blocking just the right receptors and stimulating the correct parts of the mind that held the fears. The virus was able to paint a picture of how bad certain situations could have gone for Henry and brought those ideas into an inescapable reality. 

CHAPTER 8: Last Words

  Henry was feeling like things were going to start looking up for him, after all what else could go wrong for him? His luck must be changing for the better, it definitely seemed that way. His body was on the mend, Bernie had given him some time off and he had been able to find some good meals lately, while he still had the symptoms of a fever and a weakness in his body he was sure those things would pass as his ear started getting better. Henry didn't forget his place though, he knew that he had to find a way to get the money to cover the bottles that he still owed Bernie and that wasn't going to go away, there is always a price to pay for being allowed to live. Henry decided to at least try and plead with people for money with his cardboard sign of hope. Perhaps he was looking well enough that people wouldn't be afraid of him and instead would feel sorry for him and hand over more money to help him out and feel as if they were doing a great deed. 
  Gathering up his gear, his premade sign written with just the right amount of despair and his jacket turned inside out to hide the blood, Henry hid his sleeping bag in his usual spot and then headed out to find a corner with good traffic flow, without someone already occupying it. As he walked Henry thought of the good times that he and Lucy had together. There had been rough times of course but he thought that each had made the other happy in some way. He wondered if he had acted too hastily in his fall from comfort. Everyone makes mistakes and perhaps that is all that it was in Lucy's case, a mistake and not the huge betrayal that Henry made it out to be. Would he be able to excuse the fact that the child wasn't his, all for the sake of comfort and feeling like he was loved again and taken care of in a warm house with food and clothing that rotated on a daily basis? Henry wasn't sure if he could live that kind of lie, or if he really wanted to, but the thought was running through his mind. It would be something to think about during the day when he stood on the corner with nothing to do but look hopeless and in need, there would be plenty of time to think it all through, and maybe even come to a decision. In the back of his mind there were thoughts of how far along Lucy would be now, she would be getting close to having the baby now. What would she even say to him if he tried to come back after making such a big deal about the whole situation? What kind of conversation would that be? "Sorry I left honey I had to figure out some things. So I went and threw my old life away and lived on the streets for a few months, hoping for generosity in others and occasionally getting beat up while having my ear cut with a boxcutter?.But now I'm back, what do you say? Want to give it another chance?" Henry didn't really think this would work or go over exceedingly well at all. What her reaction to Henry even attempting to come back would be, he had no idea. Even further back in his thoughts was the idea that she may even be with the father of the child by now. She would have needed support going through the pregnancy and would probably have had some plan for getting the father to help. In the very worst case scenario she would at least be getting child support from the mystery man. In any case, the other man who had fathered her child would probably be a part of Henry's life also, if Henry chose to go back to her and if she allowed Henry to come back at all. Even if that other mans involvement was only to send Lucy a check every month with a predetermined amount of money in it, Henry would have to see that envelope every month and be reminded that the child wasn't his. There were just so many possibilities, so many unexpected and undecided avenues that Henry and Lucy's life together could take. 
  The virus running unchecked within Henry's body activated those parts of the brain once again to bring the fantasy of a subconscious, the memories of a life never lived into the reality that Henry perceived he lived in. As Henry walked to a corner that he hoped would be vacant for him to set up his pleading business for the day, the city melted away. As the city around him was replaced by the walls of his apartment with Lucy, so too did his memories of the life on the streets fade away and were replaced with memories of living with Lucy the entire time he had been on the streets. 
  Turning a corner to walk towards the area he thought he'd be able to "work" at today, the world completely shifted and Henry was in a world where he was in the middle of THE argument with Lucy about the child not being his once again. Instantly Henry was in the middle of the argument as if he had not been on the streets of the city moments ago and had been instead receiving news of his unborn child. 
"What do you mean the baby isn't mine?" Henry asked, shocked by this new revelation. Before this point in Lucy's pregnancy it had never occurred to him that she may have been unfaithful or that he was harboring some other man's child within the woman that he loved. 
"I mean exactly that Henry. What else could I possibly mean when I say those words?" Lucy shot back at his question, pointing out the stupidity in asking for clarification as if he had heard her wrong. 
"Whose is it then?" Henry asked in an accusing tone that demanded an answer.
"Oh so now it is an "It" huh? Just a few days ago it was your baby girl. Now all of a sudden "it"?" Lucy argued trying to deflect the question of whose child it was that she now carried. 
"Well, a lot has happened since then, mainly the fact that it isn't mine!" Henry yelled at Lucy, taking special care to put inflection on the point that it wasn't his so why would he call it "his baby girl". "Whose baby is it?" He continued.
"Does it really matter? Why do you have to know? You can't just leave it alone?" Lucy asked, trying to lull Henry back to a calm state. 
"Are you fucking kidding me? Of course I need to know whose it is? How will I know whose ass to beat if you don't tell me whose kid that is there." Henry asked, flabbergasted that Lucy didn't understand why he was asking. The testosterone had taken over in his system. Henry was ready to take on the biggest foe to protect what was left of his family. Henry was ready for a fight, if not with the father of the child, then Lucy would have to do for now. 
"Look, I made a mistake; can't you just get over it? Can't you just put it in the past and move on with our life together? I didn't tell the father, it was a onetime thing. This can be our child." Lucy pleaded with Henry, taking hold of his hand and placing it on her stomach, she hadn't even begun to show yet but there was such symbolism in that motion that Henry was shocked into silence for a moment as he looked down at his hand on her bare stomach. 
"No! I have to know, I have to know who it was! What wasn't good enough for you here that you needed to go out and find it in the bed of someone else?" Henry still visibly upset pulled his hand from her stomach, not so much yelling as pleading. His anger was mixing with grief now and his voice and body didn't know how to keep these two emotions working together. His voice and in fact his whole body shook with anger, remorse, and grief at the loss of his child. 
"What do you want to know?!" Lucy yelled back. "You want to hear that I wasn't satisfied in bed? You want to hear that I went out looking for a real man? Is that what you want?" Lucy's venom dripped from the wounds that she was inflicting upon Henry. 
"You whore!" Just like that, the conversation had taken a turn that it wasn't going to come back from. 
"Yeah, get it out of your system! You want me to tell you that he fucked me like you never could? Will that make you feel better?  That he made me feel wanted and not needed? Because there is a huge difference between how he made me feel and the spineless needing that you give me." Lucy going on the offensive, trying to give Henry what he wanted, the excuse he needed to be completely furious and get it all out. Henry had been egging her on trying to hear these words so she obliged him. With every syllable that she yelled in Henry's direction neurons fired, synapses made their connections, muscles contracted until with her final statement Henry's hand was already flying through the air. On its way to the target of Lucy's right cheek, Henry's mind made one last check for approval at what he was in the process of doing. There was no abort code given, Henry was fully committed to this action, there was no stopping it now.  
The slap across Lucy's face surprised Henry even more than Lucy. She had been trying to get Henry to snap and then come back to their life together, but she hadn't expected him to ever hit her. He was far too timid for that. Henry had never expected to hit her either. He had never hit anyone before, let alone a girl, least of all his beloved Lucy. The crashing of skin to skin contact shattered any words that either of them had in mind to say next. The world froze in shock at what had just happened. Henry froze as soon as his hand had found its way back down to his side. Lucy stood there in amazement, she had pushed him to the brink, but he had gone over before she could pull him back to her side. It was now too late. If she would allow him to get away with such an action what would come next if he were ever to get this angry again? She understood where his anger was coming from, she had made him this way, she had turned him into this monster and that knowledge was far more hurtful to her then any slap that he could bestow on her. 
  When the shock of the moment had passed, Lucy's eyes welled up from the slap and she let them continue until tears of shock, anger and sadness all joined to run down her cheek in a solid stream.
"Oh my god." Was all that Henry could get his mouth to say. The shock was still strong with him, but the anger had been released with that swing that had held all his frustration. "I?..I am so sorry." Henry began, trying to reach for her and trying to touch her face, still in disbelief. Maybe if he could touch where the slap had landed he would realize that it hadn't happened, it was just something his mind had made up to allow him to deal with the situation. Lucy flinched at Henry trying to touch her, her reaction was made without even a conscious decision, it was simply to avoid being hit again. 
"No! You don't get to touch me now." Lucy snapped at Henry. 
"I'm sorry." Henry groveled. 
"It doesn't matter now. I wanted you. I wanted this to be our life together." Lucy calmly spoke to Henry now, holding onto her midsection where the baby was already growing. "I was angry. All that stuff I said about the other guy wasn't true. I told you, it was an accident and something that will never happen again, but that wasn't good enough for you. You had to keep pushing." Lucy continued, now with a sense of sadness in her voice. Obviously she regretted her mistake and also the turns this conversation had taken on its way through the argument to its final destination of the slap. "I have to leave now. I never thought you could hit me. I have to get away from you." 
"It looks like both of us had surprises for the other." Henry added, unable to resist this last shot. He immediately regretted it once the words had left his lips. It seemed like he just had to have the last word. "I'm sorry I didn't mean that. Stay here, we can talk about it." 
"I need to go, goodbye Henry." Lucy said these last words with such finality that it scared Henry. He hadn't completely thought about what his life would be without her there with him every day. All he could do was stand there and watch as she gathered up her things to leave the apartment that they had made into a home for the both of them. Still he stood as she walked over to the door, opened it wide and as she stepped through she stopped and looked back at Henry. "I'm Sorry." Was all that she said as she stood in the doorway looking back at him, pleading for him to come after her. 
It was that look that broke Henry. In this moment nothing mattered. Deep within himself he knew that if that door closed she would be gone from him forever. There would be no couple's counseling, there wouldn't be any late night calls to try and explain to the other where they were coming from, it would all just be over. Lucy grabbed at the handle of the door and started to pull it closed as she still looked towards Henry keeping the eye contact between the two of them. Henry had no choice, he had to go to her, he couldn't let her get away, not like this. They would find some way to make it work. What would his life become without her in it to keep him sane? Who knows how far he could fall if he didn't make the decision right now to go after her, to let the past be the past and make some semblance of future for the both of them, for all three of them. The name Bernie ran through his mind briefly, he didn't know why, he didn't know any Bernie. 
Henry ran to the door as a man on a mission. It was like a scene from any romantic comedy ever made. Henry had made a mistake and he couldn't let Lucy out of his life. That was the one thing that he knew for sure. No matter what kind of trouble the two of them were having it could be resolved, it could be worked out and they would be together again. If that door was allowed to close though, Henry didn't know what awaited him down that path, but it was not the life he wanted, it wasn't a life that he could live. Lucy had turned and was watching Henry run towards her, she was giving him the chance to stop her. She could have slammed the door or taken off running down the hall, making sure to get away from him, instead she watched on as he tried to stop her. She didn't seem afraid of him at all. After being slapped, one would think that the same man who slapped you, now running towards you would be cause for concern, but Lucy just waited. Her face seemed almost hopeful that he would reach her, rooting him on to come and get her and make everything okay again. 
The look in Henry's eyes was clear, he had made his choice. He had to have Lucy and be with her, she was what he wanted, no matter what she had done. He was sure there was an explanation and that she was sorry. Her words had convinced him that she was deeply sorry and together they were going to work this out. As Henry took his speeding steps to Lucy, weights were lifted from his shoulders confirming his decision. The possibility of wrong decisions had been causing him so much pain thus far. 
The man in the cab didn't see Henry come running out into the street as if he were chasing someone. Just as Henry was getting to the door of their apartment where Lucy stood, the yellow cab clipped his legs out from under him causing his head to be violently jerked downward where it met with the hood of the cab. It was just before Henry could touch Lucy that he had been struck down, almost as if she had lured him into this trap. Henry had no idea that he had to watch out for cabs running through his apartment as he was about to make amends with Lucy. The virus within his brain had made sure that Henry had no idea that while he thought he was arguing with Lucy in their cozy apartment, the people on the street were avoiding him as he ranted in the street. When Henry turned and committed to running after Lucy he was running directly into the street where traffic had no time to swerve or avoid his insanity. 
Hitting the cab brought him back to sanity for a brief moment as his internal organs ruptured, his bones were broken and his mind was jostled to the point where there would be no getting up from this accident. Henry's head swooned at the pain as well as the sudden burst of endorphins, adrenaline and all sorts of chemical concoctions that the body was releasing to try and keep him alive. Henry saw the city again as it was, felt the dirty clothes and his body yelled at him that something was extremely wrong. Pain receptors went off and tried desperately to get the brain to do something about the current situation, but the brain was otherwise preoccupied. Between the brain being lit up with pain and signals to get help, the virus was blocking receptors and keeping parts of the brain occupied with the fantasy of Lucy. Henry's body didn't know what to do.
Henry lay twitching on the hood of the cab, his body trying to get up like everything was okay, his mind was caught between two realities. As Henry struggled for breath, with one of his lungs punctured, the virus unintentionally did him a favor and brought his dream of Lucy into the world where he lay dying on the hood of cab in the middle of the street. Traffic had stopped; the street had turned into an auditorium of spectators watching the death scene of Henry. People screamed all around him trying to get him to focus and to "hang in there". They told him everything was going to be alright. From inside a crowd of people watching this last scene of Henry's life play out Lucy emerged. 
With a calm walk and no fear on her face she approached Henry as he lay face down on the car with just one eye looking up into the crowd. Her face was as reassuring as an angel who knows something about what is coming next now that the mortal coil has been shaken. Henry could feel her presence close to him as she continued to come near. He tried to reach out for her, reaching to touch her as he had not been able to when she stood in the doorway, but all that his body responded with was a brief lifting of his pinky off of the hood of the car. Lucy came close and was able to gently caress his face with one hand and hold on to his picky that still had some capability to move with her other hand. The screams and shouts of the people in the auditorium watching this scene without the context of seeing Lucy were all wiped away with Lucy's caress. Now it was just her and he. The virus was doing a magnificent job integrating what he wanted to feel and see with what was really going on with his failing body and deteriorating mind. The last bits of mind and body that Henry had left were working with the virus flawlessly now. Lucy bent down and kissed Henry on the cheek, looked him sweetly in the eyes and said "I'm sorry." 
With that, Henry exhaled the last breath remaining in his one functioning lung and became not only the first infected person of this new virus but also the first death from the delusions and insanity that it creates. In Henry's weakened condition of living on the streets and surviving on the scraps of the world, the virus had been able to break down his system and cause such severe delusions as to cause his death in just four days. In stronger, healthier people there would most definitely be more of a fight from the immune system, a strength that comes from softer conditions and regular meals. In the people that occupied the office buildings and had homes to go back to in the evening the virus would take a whole week or two to push people to the brink of insanity. Playing on their hopes, fears and wants, the virus would cause them to break. In the virus's pursuit of sustenance from the mind it had created a world, or rather many worlds that Henry occupied and in a world as cold and fast paced as ours only tragedy can come from losing focus for even the briefest of moments. Henry's life had been a tragedy of misunderstandings, coincidences and misplaced steps. His life would not be mourned, as he had burned every bridge he had with family and friends and nobody knew about his change. The fact that he was going to get his life back and make the change to reenter the world didn't matter to those who didn't know about it. All that he would be remembered for would be his last encounters with people, the yelling, the lies and the disappointment. At the Funeral for Henry, Lucy was the only one to show any emotion and she would only drop a single tear. There would be good memories intermixed with those last impressions but like first impressions, last impressions are what people remember and how the dead are commemorated in the hearts of the living. 

CHAPTER 9: Angela

  Angela was a strong woman who knew what she wanted. This was one of the most attractive features that Eric saw in her when they first started dating. Like some women who think that they can change a hopeless man into being exactly what they wanted, so too Eric thought that this strength was something that he could break her of in their relationship. It was a challenge to him, attempting to mold her into what he thought she should be. Both Eric and Angela had high power, high pressure jobs that left them both exhausted at the end of the day. Eric believed that Angela should have a meal waiting for him when he got home, unfortunately for his ego, many nights she was home much later than. Their lives were high paced, but there were definite differences in how each thought the work should be divided in the house and also the expectations of a family. 
  When his molding of Angela had failed he had become content with their life together and tried to make the best of it. Angela had accepted his proposal and Eric had been overjoyed. To Eric  marriage meant that he would soon be having a son. With a son he would have all the power and access to mold someone into just what Eric believed a person should be. Eric was once again surprised when Angela had told him that she wasn't ready to have children and that she wasn't even sure if she wanted kids at all. Looking back, Eric realized that perhaps these should have been some of the things that were discussed before vows had been taken. After months of discussion it was agreed that Eric would get a vasectomy and they would look into adoption. Angela really didn't want to go through the time of having a child, her body reacting to supporting another life, the time she would need away from work and also what this would do to her image as a strong woman in the work place. Angela didn't think that she would be able to keep the upper hand in situations if she was always being looked at as someone in a condition that needed care and support. 
  Eric went ahead with the vasectomy and they started going through the process of finding a child of which they would adopt and bring into their home. Angela had no problem with Eric wanting to adopt a boy. Eric on the other hand was not feeling the same sort of satisfaction in these children's eyes as he imagined he would in his own progeny. He also felt that it was Angela's duty as his wife to carry his child and that she was not being a good wife depriving him of this joy. When Eric was firmly sure that an adopted child would not fill the need he had in his life, he returned to the clinic that had performed his vasectomy. Getting the procedure reversed wasn't as difficult as he had thought it would be and Angela's busy schedule made it easy to keep her unaware of the surgery that had been done. With the vasectomy reversed and his reproductive organs back to full function Eric went about setting the mood one Saturday evening. Making dinner, setting out the candles and making the whole night romantic and intimate, Eric was able to impregnate Angela without her even knowing why this was such a momentous night and why Eric had taken the time to make the evening seem special. 
  Having been brought up in a religious family the idea of an abortion was out of the question when Angela had finally gone to the doctor and found out she was pregnant. It is funny how people always say that God works in mysterious ways when bad things happen yet are so willing to thank a deity for even the smallest of favors. People knew very well Angela's opinions about having her own child and so the mysteries of a God and its intentions were used in congratulating her. As for Eric he could not have been happier when Angela came home from the doctor's office and told him that she was pregnant. Angela did not fail to notice that Eric didn't think the idea of her getting pregnant after his vasectomy was anything strange at all. Even though he was usually a jealous man, and always worrying that Angela was seeing other men behind his back, the fear of such a thing never came up in this situation. 
"I guess we just have God to thank for this miracle. Apparently the vasectomies aren't a hundred percent, just like condoms aren't; things can go wrong with them." Eric spoke in an elated tone while at the same time sounding a little defensive, trying to hide his involvement in this situation. "Well, we can stop looking at adoption agencies now." Eric finished with a small chuckle; he was in on a joke that Angela hadn't been privileged to hear.
"When the good lord sees two people that he wants to make into parents, there isn't any birth control in the world that can stop him." Eric answered, hiding behind religion and the will of God was one of his many controlling devices in all of his conversations. It really was a great technique for those who believed as he did, for people not so religiously inclined it just seemed that he was stalling for time or didn't have a realistic answer to give and so he was just passed over in the conversation, usually just as he had wanted. It wasn't often that he had anything substantial to add to a conversation and so he would hide behind his religious arrogance. 
"We are going to have to make a lot of changes once this baby does come." Angela told him, already thinking of the practical side of what this child would do to their lives. 
"I know I know, he is going to be great, I can already tell. Angela you have made me the happiest man in the world right now." His words sounding sincere in tone, but Angela also felt that they were rehearsed.
"What do you mean he? We don't even know the sex yet." Angela asked.
"Oh I know I just have a feeling it is going to be a boy. Either way it doesn't matter to me, I am going to be a father." It did matter to Eric though, of course it was going to be a boy, they would be inseparable, father and son.
"Alright, as long as you know girls run in my family. My mom had three daughters and both of my sisters have each had daughters." Angela went on, making sure that Eric understood it could be a girl and not to get his hopes up too high for her to have a boy. 
"Really sweetie it doesn't matter to me. I am just so excited. I am going to go in to work really quick and tell people."
"Okay, I'll make some dinner."  Eric kissed her on the cheek and then sped out the door in a blur overwhelmed with excitement.  
  Angela wasn't nearly as excited as he was about the whole idea of having a child. Her body would suffer the consequences of having this parasite living off her for the next few months. Then there was the eighteen years where it would be in the same household, followed by years of support and care that would still be required long after the child had left the house. This was all after the endless diaper changes that were to come first. Perhaps God did have a plan, but it wasn't the same as her plan and so she hoped that things really would work out. She couldn't seem to get Eric's reaction out of her mind, he had seemed not quite as surprised by the whole affair as she had been when the doctor had first told her about the pregnancy. She would just have to make the best of this whole situation. She would have to cut time from work to be at home more for the child and for an instant Angela wondered if Eric could have, in some way sabotaged his vasectomy or done something intentionally to get her pregnant, besides the obvious. This idea worried her a bit, that he could possibly be so conniving and disrespectful of her wishes; it was the closest thing to rape that she could think of for the possible invasion of one's body. With baby already firmly determined to come into the world Angela had to throw this idea out of her mind as quick as it had entered. A hot shower helped to remove any residual feelings of this nature and put her mind at ease. This baby was coming, that had been decided, and all that was left for her was to attempt to raise it as best she could.
  The couple had decided to wait to find out the sex of the child. Each of them had different reasons, Eric was sure that it was a boy and Angela didn't mind either way. A scheme such as his wouldn't be foiled by the child being a girl, he was so positive that a plan such as his wouldn't be undone so easily. Angela on the other hand had seen the excitement growing in Eric's eyes with each passing day of her pregnancy, but she had also seen the trend in her family for daughters. With Eric so excited for a son she was scared that the news of a daughter would dishearten him. Throughout the whole pregnancy Eric had been the epitome of support, but this is what he had wanted from the beginning, being the man that takes care of the woman. Angela was taking care of herself, but she still liked the extra attention and help that Eric was giving to the situation. Usually when he helped it always had an air of condescension associated with it. It was as if Eric knew that she didn't need him for anything and so when he did do something nice he assumed she didn't appreciate it and then became upset at this misinterpretation. Just because something isn't needed, doesn't mean that it isn't wanted, something Eric couldn't differentiate between. 
  On the day that the child had decided to enter the world, the couple was extremely excited, Angela had changed her outlook on the whole situation. Feeling the connection that a mother has with her unborn child she had been swayed into believing that this was the best thing for the couple. An adopted child couldn't give her the feelings she had for the child growing within her. With her new found feelings it was easy to dismiss Eric's actions, she had her suspicions as to what he had done, but living in a world of one's own fantasy was usually a safer way to live. When the baby was finally revealed to Eric by the doctor on the day of its birth, Angela saw the happiness shattered in his eyes, his smile disappeared and his plot had been foiled when the doctor announced, "It's a healthy beautiful baby girl." The way that he responded in those first few seconds as Angela looked on was something she would never forgive him for. He looked at the child as if it had been found deficient and therefore must be thrown into the chasm on Mount Taygetos as the people of Sparta had done with their unfit children. Any affection that Angela had gained towards Eric during the pregnancy had been quickly taken away with that brief look of disgust that Angela's daughter was first showered with. Eric quickly shifted this look and placed a mask of elation over his despair at being spited by Angela's body when it gave him a daughter. 
  Through the raising of their daughter, Elise, Eric had taken his opinions of what it would have been like to raise his son and used those same techniques in turning his daughter into the son he had missed out on. Teaching her to be strong willed and without remorse as he would have taught his son. He also taught her how to use her femininity as an advantage and not as the crutch he saw it as, being able to manipulate others into doing what you wanted was a great skill for a woman to have. In training his daughter to be strong, he had made her into exactly what he had not been looking for in woman himself, and in teaching her to be manipulative and self serving he had changed the girl into something that Angela didn't like and sometimes feared. The girl was mean to other children, pulling no punches in getting others to do what she wanted. Her father supported this type of behavior. He felt she should be stronger than any guy at her school, it turned into Eric and Elise against Angela in many discussions about what appropriate behavior was. Eric would usually undermine any attempt that Angela would try with Elise, telling Elise that it was fine, that guys did the same exact thing. On other occasions in the middle of talk that the family was having about Elise's poor behavior at school Eric would just interrupt and say that they, Elise and Eric, would talk about it later and not to worry about it now. Elise was only six years old and already found herself wining more time with her father then her mother received, there was a strange dynamic in the house that Elise didn't quite understand yet, played her part in everyday. 
"Daddy, I saw a kid at school chasing butterflies that weren't there today." Elise told her father one day when she had come home from school. 
"Hmmm, that is strange. I think you should stay away from that kid, he might have brain problems or something." This was all that Eric had responded to his daughter. 
  In children the virus seemed to have a slightly different affect on them. While still going to their brain and activating hallucinations, it seemed their differing perspective on the world gave them unique experiences from those of adults. Activating the imagination instead of limited memories in the child it was as if during their lapses in reality they were transported into the happiness of a cartoon like world. Without an abundance of memories to draw on, the children used their extensive imagination and lack of understanding of the world to allow them to do almost anything in their delirium. The child chasing butterflies that weren't there was able to fly with them in the world that his mind was creating. Interacting with characters from their television programs was another common vision for children. There were no monsters in these worlds made of innocence. In this regard the virus was much nicer to children, instead of haunting them with visions of their past or plaguing them with monsters that once stayed hidden in the closet, the virus played out much of the nicest ideas that a child could imagine for them. The virus however did not spare the children from infection or the inevitable deterioration that came with the virus's infiltration of the mind. It was only a couple days earlier that Elise had started noticing more extreme behaviors in the children who she shared a classroom with. 
  As Elise was seeing children acting strange, paper masks had started to make their presence known on the streets for everyone to notice. Once again television gave the answers as to what was going on, misinterpretations and false hope were served nightly by a news anchor that had no personal knowledge, but just read the teleprompter. 
"Everything is alright, there is no cause for concern. The Center for Disease Control is looking into the possibility of contaminated water at this time and assured us that every effort is being taken to find out what is causing this strange behavior in so many people. At this time it is recommended to drink bottled water and stay out of heavily populated areas until they have more information. This station will make sure to keep you up to date. Thank you and have a good evening." The news anchor spoke to the city giving hope and reassurance where neither was warranted.  Angela and Eric looked on, watching clips of people wearing paper masks in the streets and others walking as if in a trance, with eyes glazed. 
  When Elise got home from school, she looked a little scared.
"What's wrong honey?" Eric asked his daughter. 
"Someone died at school today." Elise spoke, seeming a little confused and curious as to how she should react. She was waiting for cues from her father as to how to respond to this incident at school. 
"What?! What do you mean someone died at school today?" Eric asked her hastily, trying to get some kind of clarification as to what she was talking about. The flash of fear shooting across his face immediately got Elise excited too. Her demeanor jumped quickly to fear. 
"I don't know. He, he said he could fly. He told me he could fly. I said he couldn't fly, but he said he could?..I didn't dare him, I didn't tell him to?..He just did." Elise explained, making sure to make it clear that she wasn't to blame. 
Eric held onto Elise's shoulders and looked into her eyes for understanding. "What happened? Just tell me what happened."
"He just climbed up to the top of the slide, he couldn't hear me. I told him not to do it. He didn't listen, he got to the top?.And, and he just jumped. He was dumb; I told him he couldn't fly." Elise explained, now looking shaken by the accident at her school and also by the terror that her father was trying to hide as he held on to her shoulders. When he had jumped the boy had flown, to him it had seemed like forever, time not being anything of concern when in an altered reality, the boy had fallen to his death with a smile on his face flying through the clouds and didn't feel the pain when his body crumpled. His body had fallen like a stone from the slide with only his mind and conscious allowed to fly away from the pain and death that our reality had to offer him. Elise had looked on when he had fallen, and all she had said when his body had stopped moving on the playground from his fall was, "I told you, you can't fly." A final insult to the boy, even though to him, he had proven her wrong, but was dead in any case. 
  When Angela heard the story about the boy at Elise's school she was able to fill in the blanks for herself. Angela was fairly certain that her daughter had goaded the boy into jumping. Not knowing that the virus had already taken control of the boy and that he needed no goading to climb atop the slide and jump. Angela couldn't contain her horror. She gasped and tears fell from her eyes.
"Oh God, that poor boy. His poor parents." Was all that she could say about the situation.
"His parents should have taught him better." Responded Eric in a callous tone that infuriated Angela. 
"You heartless bastard!" Angela screamed throwing the glass of water that was in her hand and stormed out of the room, leaving the mess for Eric to clean up the shattered glass and spilled water. He cleaned up the mess without any questioning on his part; this didn't seem like one of the times where he could put his foot down and get his way. 
  Elise started showing some early signs that she too had been infected with the virus. Both her and her father seemed on edge, jumping at even sudden noise, watching shadows as they didn't move. At the time Angela didn't think too much of this, after all the news was still only reporting incidents that seemed to be individual cases. There didn't seem to be any large scale problem sweeping the city yet. A few crazed people who had finally snapped, or had a bad day and walked out in front of traffic, some people becoming overly aggravated and shouting at one another and one boy who thought he could fly was no need for city wide panic. A few days later, Eric and Elise had both had brief visions. Elise's visions hadn't been of the nice innocent kind as some other children's had been, because obviously she wasn't innocent. There were more skeletons in her closet then most children. These skeletons were just waiting for a virus to open the door and let them come running to the surface. Elise had seen the boy that had jumped to his death right in front of her on the playground a few days earlier. She was haunted by her own taunts for him to show her if he thought he could fly. Alongside this boy were some of the other people from her classes that she had taunted, all mocking her or watching in enjoyment as the boy climbed to the top of the slide. 
  Elise was so frustrated by these visions and feelings of guilt that she was on edge and snapping at everything that anyone said that was derogatory or judgmental to her in any way. Part of the little girl was scared by these visions but a greater part of her was infuriated by them. She hadn't made the boy jump, even if she had wondered if he would do it. Who were these people that wouldn't go away and that were calling her a monster? She tried yelling at them, but they wouldn't be discouraged. Elise didn't think that she could tell her father about these things that she was seeing and feeling, he had taught her to be strong and handle things on her own, if she went crying to him now, she was sure he would be disappointed in her. As for her mother, they had never really gotten along. 
  Eric was having visions and feelings of guilt all his own. A play of tragedy had been performed in his mind for his eyes to observe and his heart to feel. Always worried about the strength and determination that Angela had, Eric saw her trying to leave him, taking Elise with her as she left. In these walking nightmares he couldn't allow this, Angela leaving was a challenge to his ability to be a good husband and therefore a good man. Elise leaving him hurt more than Angela leaving, he had made a bond with her, and he had made due with the daughter that the world had chosen to give him out of spite. Molding her into the strong woman that she was, never to be taken advantage of by neither man nor woman, he had gotten the son he had always wanted. Having to watch his wife and daughter leave him because he was not worthy wasn't something that he would allow. Eric was losing his mind, chasing his fears through the office. When he was released from the virus's hold for a while and he came back to reality he was embarrassed and sent home from the office immediately. 
  Two days later when the whole family was at home both Eric and Elise's symptoms had grown and their episodes had become more prolonged and intense. It was Saturday afternoon. Angela was upstairs folding and putting away the laundry. Eric was in the kitchen making some sandwiches for the family's lunch. Elise was playing on her computer and texting at the same time when she drifted away from our world. She was sure that she could fly, she had done it many times before. The kids in her class didn't believe her though, they were all laughing and pointing at her. Seeming to have taken the place of the boy that she had ridiculed into suicide, she wanted to prove them wrong but more than that she wanted them to shut up, to stop making fun of her. She had always been the one making fun of others, being a strong confident girl she had never bared the brunt of childhood hazing. A circle of people surrounded her, whispering to one another, pointing and laughing, among them she saw her mother whispering to her father that she couldn't do it and that she had gone crazy. At that moment Elise hated her mother.
"Shut up!" Elise yelled in anger at the mob of people. Eric heard this shout and came rushing into the other room. From upstairs Angela didn't hear Elise's shout for silence.
"What's wrong? Why are you shouting?" Eric asked her.
  In her altered state Elise ran from the mob whose sole purpose was to make her feel bad and realize her own fears. Going inside of the school that she had attended for a couple years, the mob chased after her. She fled to the cafeteria where she was met with people waiting for her. Circling around her the mob became violent as an unknown hand pushed her from behind so that she was thrust into the opposite side of the circle. Once she had been pushed into the other side it was a shoving match back and forth as she bounced back and forth. Nobody on the circle's peremiter wanted her and so they all pushed her back and forth. Terrified she was able to break through and ran from the angry followers. Back in the world that she shared with her parents, her mother was still upstairs separating the laundry as she ran away from her father while he tried to keep her close and not let her get away. 
  Elise made it to the kitchen of their house where Eric had been cooking, in her alternate version of reality it was the kitchen of the cafeteria that she had escaped to. Looking for anything to protect herself with she grabbed the biggest knife that she could find that was lying freshly used on the counter. Eric ran after her.
  When the mob broke through the door of the cafeteria kitchen to poke, prod and humiliate Elise she held the knife out as far as her little arms would allow, attempting to keep them at bay. Eric was among the first that were trying so hard to make her feel how she had made the little boy from the slide feel, as one of the first through the door he came at her, as if he didn't even see the knife. He saw his little girl standing there looking at him with disgusted eyes. In his own deluded vision he ran to her to try and hug her and show how much she mattered to him, how he couldn't let her leave. 
  The knife slipped easily into the skin and under the ribs of Eric as he tried to hug her. Lowering himself onto the knife that he couldn't see as he tried to come down to her level and hug her, the pain was excruciating. Elise, still scared for her safety and trying to get away from the blood that was flowing from her father, ran off again, attempting to evade the swarm of people that still chased after her. 
"Get away from me!" Elise screamed as she ran from the kitchen and headed for the stairs, this time Angela heard her daughter's screams and came running from the upstairs bedroom. 
"What's going on?" Angela yelled.  
Elise went running up the stairs, eyes wild with fear and anger, taking every step as if someone was grabbing at her heals. Angela had made it to the top of the stairs and saw her daughter running up the stairs, knife in hand and covered in blood. At that point in her vision Elise was climbing stairs and did in fact see her mother at the top of the stairs. What she saw as her mother though, was a version of her that was the epitome of all that was evil. Elise saw Angela who had turned Elise's father against her, a mother who had never liked her, and who was always jealous of her. The mother Elise saw was an evil incarnation that was waiting for her at the top of the steps. With a mob of hateful people chasing after her and only one vile creature in front of her Elise kept running towards her mother with knife in hand. If Elise struck down this beast in front of her, she would be free, she was sure of it. 
"Oh my God! What happened? What is going on?" Angela asked frantically, seeing her daughter covered in blood, rage in her eyes and a knife in hand that looked like it had just butchered something. Elise didn't answer this question from the demon at the top of the stairs. When Elise got to the top step she swiped violently at the creature that had turned her father against her and was the cause of all Elise's pain in life. Completely shocked and caught off guard Angela's reflexes took control of her body and reacted before her mind could have a say in which muscles contracted. Just barely able to dodge the knife swipe by Elise with a quick step to the side the knife caught just her upper thigh and cut shallowly through her jeans and into her skin. The body acting out of self preservation and reacting to the sudden pain, the body decided to thrust Angela's hand out in retaliation. Angela's hand met with Elise's shoulder as she followed through with her swipe to the demon at the top of the stairs. Throwing off Elise's balance, gravity and the motion she had already committed to took over. Angela's hand then went straight to her leg to hold on for pressure, she still didn't fully understand what was going on and before she could reach out for her daughter, the girl was already falling towards the downward slope of the stairs. The push that Angela had given to her daughter to get her knife wielding arm away from her had sent Elise plummeting down the steps. All that Angela could do was look on in horror as a ragdoll of a daughter went end over end down the stairs. The sounds of bones breaking and Elise's neck snapping made sure to travel fast enough so that Angela could hear them just before the next sound was sent from the body making contact with a stair. When Elise finally made it to the bottom of the steps Angela still couldn't believe what was happening, she just kneeled on the top of the steps clenching her cut thigh and looked at the pile of Elise that was contorted in all the wrong ways. Luckily her hair covered her face so that Elise couldn't stare back up at Angela accusingly. 
  In a daze Angela lifted herself up, she had tried pinching herself, tried grasping at the wound, rubbing her eyes, anything that might wake her up from this nightmare. She had to force herself to even begin to walk down the stairs, what sort of madness was haunting her now? Surely this was some sort of delusion. Angela was not so lucky to have been infected with the virus that was still unknown to so many, she had truly killed her own child and each step down the staircase made this truth more evident. Angela wasn't able to touch the body, or move the hair from her face. Angela skirted by the body, still in disbelief and confusion, she had no idea what to do. The full magnitude of what had happened still wasn't crashing through to her consciousness. She guessed she should call the police, there would have to be some sort of report, some form of authority would know what to do. Staggering in a daze to the kitchen to find the phone, she saw the trail of blood that had leaked out from behind the counter. Making her way around the corner into the kitchen Angela found Eric hunched over on his knees. He was already dead form the stabbing, Angela had no idea what had happened here, and blood was still flowing from the wound. Angela couldn't even let herself scream in horror at the event that had just occurred or at what she had found in the kitchen. Somehow screaming would make it all real, going yelling into the streets with blood on her would only make things worse. Right now it could still be a dream, she could still come back to the life that she had before. Even though it hadn't been her ideal life, living with Elise, the little manipulative terror and Eric, the domineering man with no power, it was still better than this life. This life where all that remained of her daughter was a pile of mangled flesh and bone and where her husband was a lump of betrayed sadness on the kitchen floor, this was no sort of life that she wanted to live. 
  Angela went back upstairs, slinking by the body of her daughter once again, still not able to touch the body. In the drawer next to their bed Eric had kept a gun for home protection, the key for the trigger locking mechanism was in his sock drawer so that Elise wouldn't be able to use the gun. Unlocking the trigger and taking the gun back downstairs with her, Angela looked at the pile of daughter at the base of the steps and couldn't believe that it had been her fault. Angela still hadn't shed a tear, because this all couldn't be real. Daughters don't kill their fathers and then come running up the stairs attacking their mothers, what kind of madness had this been? Angela walked back over to see her Husband still slouched in the same position on the floor. "This can't be real." Angela reassured herself, I just have to wake up. Angela knew that if you died in a dream you wake up, that was common knowledge in old wives tales, it had to work. She didn't believe in suicide, the same god that had had a plan when Angela had gotten pregnant, and had kept her from aborting the child, was the only thing stopping her from pulling the trigger and killing herself now. What if this was real she wondered. Would god hold it against her if she killed herself thinking she was dreaming? Angela looked down at her husband again. 
"This is a dream! It has to be!" She resolved to herself, pulled the gun up to her head and pulled the trigger without further hesitation.
The click of the revolvers hammer slamming against only metal was louder to Angela then any gunshot she had ever heard. Eric had not loaded the gun, even though he had put the trigger lock on the gun, he had never put the bullets in it. He had been too afraid that Elise with her mischievous nature would have found the gun and the key and hurt herself or someone else. Angela let out a deep breath and couldn't believe her misfortune in trying to kill herself in this dream and not being allowed to wake up. The sound of the trigger being pulled and the hammer hitting the bulletless gun shocked her and sent her to her knees. She knew she wouldn't be able to try killing herself again, whether this was a dream or not she took the unloaded gun as a sign that she wasn't supposed to die, not here, not now. 
  Being resolved to not kill herself and that no matter the case she would live out this life that had been placed in front of her she collapsed on the floor and wept for her lost loved ones. It was an uncontrollable sobbing that came from the heart. She not only cried for the loss of her husband and her daughter but at the life that she had made with them both. She cried for the people they had become, the darkness in each of them seeming to poison the household and all of their lives. Angela was finally able to let out all the stress she had kept in for years, all the dissatisfaction, all the anger; it all flowed from her as Eric's blood continued to flow. The tears were cleansing, with each one dropping from her cheek weights were lifted from her shoulder and strength returned to her. 
  Eventually Angela was able to grab for the counter and pull herself from the kitchen floor, she had to call the police and get them here to check out the scene. Angela was still crying nearly uncontrollably when she made the call and was still weeping when the police finally arrived. The evidence around the house corroborated her story to the officers, apparently they had been seeing more than the usual amount of cases like this in their peculiarity. The officers couldn't tell her if it was something that was contagious or anything of what might be causing it, but they told her that people had been acting all out of sorts lately. It was another case that would be passed off to a federal agency that could look at all these cases in a larger context and hopefully make more progress then local agencies could. 
  When all the officers and cleaning crew had left she had to put today out of her mind and so she cleaned up her tears and pretended nothing had happened. It was just too terrible for her to comprehend and deal with at this point. Maybe in the morning she would be able to accept what had happened, after all, she did still have to let family know and make arrangements for burial and all the little details that went into that. The next few days would be hard, tonight she needed some time for herself, some time in denial, it would be the last bit of time she would have to herself for a long time. Blocking this night from her conscious for a little while Angela got a bottle of wine and took it up with her out of this crime scene and relaxed in a hot bath with a book and her wine, making every effort to be transported to another place where the tragedy hadn't happened to her. In the morning everything would be different, in the morning she would be a widow and a woman with a crazed dead daughter. That is when things would change. 

CHAPTER 10: Donovan and Dan

  As boys Donovan and Dan were the closest of friends, being neighbors in a small town usually has that affect, many lifelong friendships are started and sustained simply by proximity. They would play in the woods by their houses, build snowmen in the winter, ride bikes and get into what little mischief was afforded them. These two were inseparable, even when their families went to the local church the two kids would sit towards the back together. Both of the children's parents didn't really mind if the two didn't pay close attention to the weekly sermons as long as the kids were there and didn't disrupt others. So the boys sat in the back and played with toy cars or army men, whatever the two of them had brought with them to church that Sunday.
  As they got older the boys became altar boys for the church, complete with the white smock that went along with their innocence. Helping the priest with the duties, the boys were taking part in something that was greater than them, the parents made sure to brag about the boys to all their friends. How lighting candles and passing trays of crackers and wine to the priest was such a noble cause, the boys didn't yet understand, they had just been told to do it and so they did. In the hands of the church and the lord the children would learn about the world. From the readings that they took part in during Sunday school the children would be molded into fine upstanding adults just as the generation before them felt they had.
  The stories that the boys heard each week seemed so fantastical and yet each one carried with it a lesson that a person was supposed to take away from it. The problem was that so many people took the stories and teachings as literal translations. The boys did the best they could to understand the difference between the lessons and reality. For Dan it was harder to separate these two. His parents were of the type who took the church to be above all governments and completely infallible. If the church did something or preached a truth it was because God himself had stated this and wanted it relayed to the world. It was this blind faith that made it hard for Dan to understand why Donavan didn't believe that some of the stories had really happened the way the priest said they did. Being bombarded daily by the church and his parents beliefs Dan believed totally in the church and their divine connection to the higher power. Donovan on the other hand had a more liberal family, both of his parents believed that church was a good model for raising a child but the stories and infallibility had to be taken with a grain of salt. 
  The boys were still too young to have too strong opinions about the subject themselves. They just did what their parents told them to do and followed along as best they could with the examples set before them. Children follow the example of what they are expected to become. At a young age this isn't even questioned in children. It isn't until the teenage years that rebellion usually sets in and their parents are the last thing that a child wants to become. Questioning every little thing that a parent does at this stage of a child's life is the norm, it allows them to explore other outlooks on life and then come to their own terms once they have matured a bit more. Donovan and Dan still hadn't reached this stage yet, they were still ignorant to the knowledge that all adults didn't know everything. 
  Dan had come in early to talk to the priest and tell him that he wouldn't be able to do his altar boy duties next week because his baseball team had a game and they were going to spend the night out of town. He wouldn't be back in time to help out. The priest had told him that he understood, but that Dan would have to make it up to Lord in some way. According to the priest there were certain things that could be done to make up for having to miss services when one was an altar boy.
  Donovan had also decided to come in a bit early to get ready. He wanted to tell Dan about the bird that he had found in his backyard with a broken wing. Donovan's mom had said they could keep it until it got better after they had taken it to the vet for him to reset the wing. Donovan walked in admiring all the statues and paintings around the walls of the church. From the priest's quarters Donovan could hear someone and so made his way to see if the priest was there. When Donovan walked into the sacred area of the priest's quarters he found Dan bent over the priest's desk with his pants down around his ankles crying and screaming in pain. Donovan had been so into the thought of keeping the bird that he hadn't recognized the sounds before he came into the room. The priest had his pants down also and was standing behind Donovan, when the priest heard the door open he looked back in terror at Donovan. Dan had yelled for Donovan to help. Terrified by the scene with his mind not able to process what was going on Donovan turned and ran. It was a reflex to run. He didn't know what was happening and didn't want to find out. When he was almost out of the church he had a moment of hesitation in which he thought about going back to help Dan, instead he just ran in fear. Donovan refused to go to church anymore, he didn't know what was going on in that place but he knew it wasn't right. His parents being open-minded didn't try to force him to go to church with them and instead gave him extra homework that he would work on while they were gone.  
  Dan on the other hand was forced to go every Sunday with only the occasional baseball games that happened to take him out of town as the exceptions. When Dan told his parents about what had happened he was beaten before he could even finish the story. His father had taken his belt and beat the lies out of Dan, he hadn't stopped until Dan admitted that he had made the story up, then he was beat some more for lying. When Donovan and Dan finally met up the next day after the incident in the church Donovan tried to ask what had happened, but all that Dan said was, "Nothing". Neither of them cared to discuss it any further. To Donovan it was something he had made up and without talking about it; it was soon pushed deep down where he didn't remember that it even happened, he just knew he wouldn't go back to church again. For Dan it was a nightmare every Sunday to have to go into that place and perform indescribable acts for someone he was supposed to trust. He didn't understand why he was being punished, but the fact that the priest had said it was necessary and that his parents had responded so violently made him sure that it was necessary and not something to speak of. The priest soon lost interest in Dan, but the damage had been done and like any good brain, full of too much information that would hurt the boy, Dan's brain blocked out the pain and never revisited those thoughts. His mind had protected him from growing into a monster by not allowing him to remember, with that time successfully blocked from memory Dan was able to grow up. After the experience that Donovan and Dan had shared and their individual reactions, the two had lost their innocence and their relationship was never quite the same. While they did stay close friends, there seemed to be a mild mistrust between the two, as if each was hiding something from the other, neither of them able to admit what had happened.
  Donovan, having only briefly witnessed the horror in that back room, was less affected. Friends, girlfriends and the like were all within the emotional grasp of Donovan. Able to push the memories away and forget they had ever happened Donovan had many girlfriends, excelled in school and became a very successful medical doctor. He and Dan kept in contact through the years and kept a civilized sort of friendship that was still strained but they were friends none the less. When the world started to collapse and people started going crazy in the streets many people headed home. Canceling his appointments Donovan headed back to his home town. Things weren't too bad in the cities yet, the sights of the breathing masks were starting to be more prevalent and strange behavior was making more news headlines. Donovan came home to his parents and sister who had always talked about how coming home if the world ever started getting weird was the thing to do. For some reason being back in the house where Donovan and his sister had grown up just felt like a safe place to be. 
  The day that Donovan had come home, the family had made sure to make it to the services at the church that were being held that night. During times of crisis the church makes itself more accessible to the increased needs of the people. Holding extra services to reassure people that even if the world does come to an end it was just the apocalypse, all foretold and a necessary step before people could all be together with their loved ones in heaven. This was a very effective way of reassuring people, telling them that everything was going to be alright, that everyone was being watched over individually, and at the same time making it clear that if it really is the end of the world, that was a good thing also. All that people had to do to take advantage of this failsafe method of dealing with any tragedy or disaster or even the end of the world and come out with eternal happiness was to partake in a few rituals, eat some crackers, drink some wine and above all believe. When Donovan walked into the church that had seemed so huge when he was a child he couldn't believe the flood of memories that came back to him, still the brain made sure to sensor that one memory that Donovan still couldn't handle. It had been a long time since he had been in church and he hadn't spoken to Dan in over a year so it was a huge surprise when Dan came walking into the church in all white, carrying the gold inlay bible, being led to the altar by two boys as he walked to the front of church preparing to lead today's service. 
"When did Dan become the priest here?" Donovan leaned over and asked his mother.
"Oh just a few months ago, I was sure I told you. He is doing a great job; it must be hard being a priest. All the things you have to give up, I can't even imagine." Donovan's mother responded. 
"You know, you have to give up a lot to be a doctor also. I'm just saying." Donovan kidded with his mother. 
"I know dear, I'm so proud of you, but a priest, and in his home town. Dan always was a good boy." Donovan's mother continued. She seemed to slightly dismiss his accomplishment, while still trying to sound supportive, she had always been the most religious one in the house and so had a higher respect for those who chose that life. 
  Dan started his sermon, which told about how people need to come together during trying times in this world. He made sure to quote from the bible in just the right spots to prove he was correct in his assertions. Dan made slight jokes to loosen the mood and make people feel more comfortable while he and the crucified Jesus looked down on them from elevated positions. Overall it was just like Donovan remembered church being, with a little bit more of a lighthearted mood to the whole thing. Donovan wasn't sure if this was Dan's usual technique for the services, or if he was trying to keep people in good spirits and make them feel safe in the world that seemed to be under siege just outside the safety of the church walls. Despite the good nature of the people sitting in the benches close to one another listening to the words that could heal and put all fears at ease there was still tension in the church. So many people in one tight environment were once again a blessing to the virus that had come to this world. Able to pass from one person to the next without having to survive for very long outside of a warm cozy body was just what the virus needed to spread in this small town. If the people of the church didn't consciously realize this flaw, that when people start wearing masks to protect from the spreading of an unknown virus people shouldn't congregate in large groups, then at least their primitive brain centers did. Whenever somebody so much as coughed or sniffled at a running nose, the surrounding people jumped as if a demon had jumped out at them. People were on edge and any person that was sick had a fair amount of distance apart from the people surrounding them. When a person showed any sign of sickness, after the initial startle had passed in the people around them, the crowd seemed to swell away from the individual. This leaning that people did to try and get away from people they assumed were infected without getting up and running out was not nearly a safe enough distance from the virus, but it did make for an interesting aerial view of the people in the pews. As if the supposed sick people were magnets set in the center of a large group of iron filings the people spread out while those caught directly between two opposing forces just stood on end. These people in the middle, with nowhere to lean they just sat upright, tense at the precarious situation they were in, perhaps if they didn't move to one side or the other they would be safe for now. 
  When the service came to end it was as if the magnets that were the suspected infected had lost their charge and all the little filings went back to their positions of no lean. There seemed to be a sigh of relief that came from the crowd at having made it through another Sunday service without someone going mad, or without some large outbreak of the sickness that was passing so quickly in the big city. People in small towns seem to have a craving and a resentment for big city living. It is as if they really want to live in the city, and see all the things that it has to offer, but when they don't make it to living there people have to look down on it. Taking on a bit of a hatred for those who were able to get out of the small town and live in the city is usually masked by humor. "Hey city boy" and "Got tired of the big city" were some of the comments that Donovan got from people stopping by to say hello to him after the service. Donovan responded nicely enough as the crowd funneled outside and spoke to one another for a while before all splitting off in their separate directions. 
"You guys go ahead. I am going to try and talk to Dan really quick, I haven't seen him in a while." Donovan told his family.
"But how will you get back?" His mother asked him. 
"Mom, I'll be fine, we only live a few blocks from here. I can walk." Donovan answered his mother.
"You know I don't like you walking late at night. It isn't safe." His mother continued.
"Leave him alone, he will be fine. He managed to make it through college and live in the city; I think he will be alright walking a few blocks home from church. Let's go honey." Donovan's father explained to his mother. 
"Thanks dad, I'll see you guys back at the house in a few. I won't be long." Donovan told his family as he kissed his mother on the cheek and started to head back inside." 
"Oh wait!" His mother called to him. "Here take my flashlight." 
Donovan laughed slightly, but seeing the worry in his mother's eyes he conceded. "Alright, thanks mom, I'll see you in a bit." He then turned and went back inside. 
  Reconnecting with Dan had been easy enough; the two of them had sat in the pews and chatted for a while about all that they had been up to since last speaking. Donovan still couldn't get over the fact that Dan was now a priest and congratulated him on the effort. Dan explained that it wasn't such a hard lifestyle once you realized that it was the life was meant for you. After a bit more chit chat about nothing in particular Donovan invited Dan over for dinner the following night. Dan had accepted and told Donovan that most the meals that he had on a daily basis were at people's houses who invited him over and that being the conduit to god for people forced him to eat some horrid dinners at times. Dan did tell Donovan that he was looking forward to a meal at Donovan's house, however, and that he wasn't just saying that. Donovan then began to make his way home with the trusty flashlight his mother had given him in hand.
  As he walked through the streets that he hadn't been on since he was younger, many memories came back to him. Memories like the way dinner had smelled when he would come in the door after a long day of playing. As he walked through the streets of their little town far after the streetlights had come on he noticed that there were many people in the streets. They didn't look homeless or even the criminal type that preferred the night's cloak of anonymity. The people he saw out lingering around town, it seemed, were just out walking around without any direction. Usually at this time of night he wouldn't see another person on his whole walk home, but tonight he had already seen around fifteen people. None of them were in the mood for conversation and either looked away when he came by them or just kept their heads down as Donovan crossed their evening path. It seemed a little strange that there were so many people out, but he just figured people had started going for more walks at night. Perhaps the town doctor had enlightened people that they needed to get out and do some walking to stay healthy. When he got home the family was still up, they were all watching the news and they all turned when Donovan came in the front door. 
"Hey, how was father Dan doing?" Donovan's mother asked. 
"He is doing fine, is it alright if he comes to dinner tomorrow night?" Donovan asked, he sort of laughed while he said this, he felt like such a child again asking if his friend could come over for dinner. At least he wasn't asking if he could have a sleep over where he and his friend would see how much Pepsi and Dorritos they could eat while staying up all night. 
"Sure, that sounds nice. I'll make something nice. We could do a ham and I'll make all the sides that go with it." His mother continued. The stores here hadn't yet been hit by the wave of panic that was already washing over many of the markets in the city where Henry had begun his infection. Here in the small town there had only been a few strange incidents where people had just walked off and hadn't been seen again, scared to go home for what they had begun to see there and how agitated they were getting with their loved ones. Had Donovan known this, the sight of seeing so many people walking at night on his way home might have seemed a little more ominous in nature. For now, however, Donovan still thought of it as a safe place immune from the troubles of the city and for now all that was important was being with family and tomorrow's dinner with his longtime friend Dan.
"Yeah that sounds good, I haven't had ham in forever." Donovan answered his mother.
"What? Why does he get ham when he comes home? I come home more often than him and all we ever have is leftovers. I don't know when the meals were but there always seems to be leftovers." Donovan's sister protested.
"Oh be quiet." Her mother told her. "It's been a while since we had the whole family here and Father Dan is coming over also, we should have something nice."
"Fine, but I'm not helping." Donovan's sister argued.
  Donovan just smirked at the interaction going on in front of him. It was the same sort of argument that happened every time that he was home. Little spats of jealousy from his sister who always felt like she wasn't getting enough attention so felt the need to make some kind of scene. She would then get some of the attention that she wanted in the form of a small argument; then she would end up helping in whatever task she had vowed never to help with. This turned her into a martyr who had done the right thing in helping even, though she was still right, but had given in just to help others. It was a fun cycle to watch over and over again because the circumstances were usually the same and the outcome never changed. She liked being the center of attention, even if it wasn't the good type of attention, but she had learned that if she acted like a baby for attention she would automatically get some attention. It had become somewhat of a joke between even the family, they called her "drama queen" or to "just be quiet" as they all tried not to give into her tantrums. Even this small acknowledgement made her feel some sort of accomplishment and so the cycle continued. This time when Donovan's sister had made her statement that she wasn't going to help, it was his father who responded. Donovan's father laughed a little before he could silence the laugh that had escaped at the ridiculousness that had played out in front of him so many times. Donovan's sister heard the laugh. Her mouth stayed open for a minute and then she stormed off in a pouting mood back to her room. Everyone knew that she just needed some time alone and would be fine and helpful tomorrow following in her own footsteps of attempts for attention. The rest of the family continued to talk in the living room as if nothing had happened. Discussing how things had been with Donovan lately and why he never seemed to come and visit. It was the usual small talk that people made when their child comes home for a while from their own lives. Donovan always found it amazing how the parent child dynamic always seemed to snap back as soon as a person entered the door of their parent's house. It was never two adults hanging out; it was most definitely a child and their parents. For Donovan it had always been this way and whenever he came home there was always work to be done around the house. He didn't mind the work that was to be done and helping out was always fine he just always found it funny how even into his thirties when he would come home, his father would wake him up and tell him about the projects that they were going to be doing that day. 
  The next morning was no different from the others when Donovan had come home, his father came knocking on the door at a time before Donovan would have woken up naturally and started describing the day that was planned for them. 
"Today we have to clean out the gutters, and then we have to bring in some wood from outside. I have a guy that brings it by, but he just dumps it outside. So we have to bring it into the garage so it can dry and bring some of the dry stuff over to fireplace. After that I need you to help me move some furniture around. Sound good?" Donovan's dad had asked him while Donovan was still lying in bed thinking of how well he had slept last night with the family all under one roof again.
"Yup, sounds good." Donovan responded still half asleep. 
"Alright then, well get up, the day is already half over." His dad had continued and then shook him to help motivate Donovan to get out of bed. 
"I'm up, I'm up." Donovan answered in a slightly annoyed tone that his father didn't seem to notice and just took it as an agreement to the plan for the day.
"See you downstairs in ten." His father finished and then left the room for Donovan to get ready. 
  The thoughts of what might be coming to their small town were masked by the work that Donovan and his father did all day. Keeping busy afforded them the luxury to ignore the futility of the work they were doing should the madness that was breaking out in the city make it here. Donovan's sister was in a particularly irritated mood today, she hadn't gotten over her little tantrum from the night before yet. Perhaps she hadn't gotten the response that she had wanted from the family this time. She seemed much more defensive whenever anyone asked her any question about what she had been up to at school or how her life was going. She was having the responses of a teenager even though she was actually twenty and had a full life of her own. She was going for her Bachelor degree, but still acted like the little sister that Donovan had had when they both lived at home. Even for her, Donovan thought she was a little on edge during this time at the house, but he figured it was just because she was scared of what was going on in the city nearby. Unlike her father and brother she hadn't developed the ability to hide one's feelings, be they love, hate or fear. Due to the social training that most guys go through Donovan and his father could go years without discussing emotions, whereas Donovan's sister couldn't go a day without revealing her feelings through some action or reaction. Trying not to pay too much attention to his sister's tantrum or fear or whatever was causing her to snap at everyone Donovan went about the work assigned by his father and felt a pride in doing work at home without a schedule to keep or expectation of compensation. 
  There was something about television that made it all seem so unreal. Whenever disasters strike the world, the media are some of the first people on the scene. Somehow making it there before any kind of help or rescue can be mobilized. The media is able to show us exactly what is happening to people during this time of crisis. While most of the time this news is censored by large corporations who have something to gain by not letting people know the true nature of the disaster, still people are shown some of the horrors that are taking place. These atrocities were actually happening to people in real time. When seen through the filter of a television though, it seems the mind places them in the same mental file cabinet in the brain that holds fictional depictions such as "Dirty Harry" or "Independence Day". The events that we know are really happening, the death totals of people brutally slain by a government or world hunger are meaningless to someone sitting safely in their home on their couch waiting for a commercial break to get something from the fridge. The news has become almost pointless in that people take enjoyment in the misfortune of others as they root for the anti-hero in fictional stories, or worse yet feel totally detached from the story and just change the channel. Having not had any emotional reaction to what has just been shown to them the mind quickly overlooks this new found knowledge as nothing of interest or importance. The nearby city was going through such turmoil as looting in the streets and people turning into shells of their former selves filled the streets. As these people fought off sanity choosing to go mad instead in the streets it seemed so far away when the news media tried desperately to bring it closer by making people see the truth of the world. These images did rouse some sense of danger in the subconscious of people as their primitive selves realized that there was something to fear, there was danger coming.
  Donovan's sister had decided to help with the preparation of dinner as Donovan and his father had done a few more projects around the house. While Donovan's father had given into the hype of some of the previous dangers shown on TV like Y2K where he had stocked up on everything in preparation for the electronics of the world shutting down, this time he seemed not to be phased by news that insanity was sweeping through a city. Still being prepared for other people to take these exaggerations too seriously was something that Donovan's father did want to be prepared for. He had Donovan bring in an excessive amount of wood into the interior of the house for easy access. The water for the house already ran on a well system. So with water and heat already covered if the power did go out or if people started running through the streets with no regard to people's property or in fits of madness they would be able to stay safely inside. Donovan's father had a few guns in the house, some of them antique, just for show but may still fired, and some were for actual home defense. Another of Donovan's jobs for the day had been to get the guns of the house all together into one spot and make sure that each had ammunition to go with it. His father had Donovan do this under the guise of possibly taking all the guns into the shop later this week for servicing and then maybe taking them out shooting next week with some of his friends. The act of shooting a large number of weapons with a person's friends is one of the best ways to bring about comradery between a group of men. There is nothing like putting a loaded weapon in someone else's hands to make you really trust that person. 
  Donovan and his father were in the process of the last task that had been designate for the day when Father Dan came walking up to the house. Donovan and his father were cutting up large boards in the front yard; they were cutting them into planks that would just cover the windows of the house. Donovan didn't make this association, but his father liked being prepared, just in case. He wasn't particularly afraid of what was going on in the city nearby, but might as well have some supplies just in case. Donovan just assumed it was for some project that his father had planned later during his visit home. For all Donovan knew they could be building a tree house later on just for esthetic value around the house. Those were the kind of projects that could be on his father's mind
"Hey how is it going guys?" Dan asked the two men working in the yard. "What are you doing?"
"We are just cutting up some planks. Maybe I'll make some shelves or something with them, not sure yet." Donovan's father answered.
"You always have some kind of project going don't you?" Dan asked while smirking. Dan remembered how much Donovan had hated weekends when he was younger, where there were all sorts of random jobs to be done around the house when Donovan would much rather just play outside or watch TV. Dan looked over at Donovan who didn't seem to mind this kind of work with his father that much anymore. 
"There is always something to do and what would I be doing if I didn't keep busy? Sitting around watching crap on television?" Donovan's father answered.
"I totally agree. Do you guys need any help out here?" Dan asked. 
"I don't think so, we are just finishing up now. If you want to go inside, the girls are waiting for you. We will be right in, just need to bring in this last set of planks." Donovan's father answered.
"Okay, I'll see you inside." Dan replied and then headed in towards the house. Already knowing his way around the house from his memories of many days at this house Dan made his way easily to the kitchen where Donovan's mother and sister were still finishing up things for dinner. "Hello ladies, how are you doing this evening?" Dan asked the girls.
"Oh." Donovan's mother jumped startled by Father Dan and Donovan's sister scream loudly. This scream made everyone jump,  "I didn't hear you come in." Donovan's mother told the priest once they had all caught their breath after the quickened state they had all risen to in reaction to the scream. 
"Wow, I'm sorry I didn't mean to scare you. Are you okay?" Dan asked Donovan's sister.
"I'm fine!" She snapped back at the priest. She seemed on edge and everyone knew that she didn't really like Dan. The treatment that he had received from her parents when they were young had made her jealous for no reason. Her parents were just nice to people, but Donovan's sister had felt like even this boy who wasn't in their family was treated nicer than her. "You just startled me, that's all." She continued without looking up. 
"Be nice!" Her mother told her, snapping at her for her anger and at talking to a priest like that, even if he had been over at their house so much when the kids were all so much younger. Her mother still didn't like her talking to a priest in that manner. "Now apologize." Her mother instructed.
"I'm sorry I yelled." She finally complied. 
"It's okay, I'm sorry I scared you." Dan told her. "The guys told me they would be in in a few minutes. They are just finishing up some work outside. Do you need any help in here?"
"We were just about to set the table actually. If you wanted to help that would be great. Do you still remember where everything is?" Donovan's mother asked.
"As long as it is in the same place where it was when I was in high school?" He responded.
"Why would I have moved it since then? We haven't moved, why would the plates?"
  Donovan and his father came into the house and started getting cleaned up for dinner as Dan was setting the table and the food was being brought to the table by Donovan's mother and sister. When everyone was ready they all sat down together and allowed Father Dan to say a quick prayer over the meal. Dan just made it short and sweet, thanking the lord for family and friends. The talk during the meal was comfortable. It was as if with Dan here the whole family was back together. Dan had spent so many nights over here with Donovan when they were younger it reminded everyone of when things were simpler and the boys were innocent little boys looking for some kind of trouble to get into. Soon after high school Dan's parents had both been killed in a car crash. With his parents gone, Dan continued to keep in close contact with Donovan's parents and continue as part of Donovan's family. The only one who wasn't put at ease during the meal was Donovan's sister who still resented the spot in their family that Dan had taken when he was younger. She felt like him being allowed into the family just bumped her down another spot on the totem pole that was their family.
  When dinner was done Dan and Donovan cleared the plates and did the dishes together. Donovan told Dan about some of the fleeting relationships that he had over the past year, not going into too many details as Donovan didn't feel too comfortable talking to a priest about such things even it was his best friend from his youth. There was something about talking to a priest, even if they were your friend, before or after they became a fully fledged priest that just made people feel uncomfortable. People seemed to feel judged when speaking to a priest, as if they were the teacher's pet of god and were going to run and tell the lord all that the person had confided in the priest.
"You know I don't think I ever asked you. Why a priest? I would have never guessed that you would become a priest. I remember you didn't even like going to church most of the time."  Donovan asked Father Dan.
"It's a funny thing. You know all the talk about how people just know that they are supposed to be a nun or priest? Dan asked.
"Yeah I have heard that before." 
"Well for me it was like that. I would have never guessed that it was the life for me either. I was going through some tough times for a while and started reading the bible and going to church more and it made me feel better. It was then that I felt the power of believing and I realized I could do the most good by helping others to feel that same feeling." Father Dan tried to explain. 
"I never really thought of it like that. Most of the time, for me, it was just the habit of going. I just went because that is what everyone did." Donovan answered.
"That is the thing with many people. They don't even know why they go. They just know they are supposed to be there and so they show up, eat the crackers and drink the wine then go home without another thought about it. I am trying to show people that there is more to it than that and that if they think about it more they will get more out of the whole process of being religious." Father Dan continued. 
"And you figured coming back to our town would be a good place to start or is this where you want to be?" Donovan asked with no judgment in his voice, just more curiosity of why Dan had decided to come back to their small town. 
"Yeah I thought that it would be a good place to help. The place that made me into who I am, I thought I could contribute something to the town." Dan answered. 
  The boys finished cleaning up after the meal and then Dan, Donovan and his father all had a few drinks while talking in front of the fire. Donovan and his father had beer while Father Dan had wine. The trio talked about everything from city life, gossip in the town, to the sickness they had all heard about hitting the city. Dan assumed that it was God sending some kind of message to the people of the city. Donovan's father thought that it was a man made virus that had been let loose by accident and Donovan didn't know what to think. Being the only one who had seen what was going on in the city first hand; it was hard to know what was going on. He had only been away from the city for a couple days and already felt more relaxed and secure in this town secluded from the hustle and bustle of the city. The town he had grown up in didn't have people walking around with masks on, avoiding other people at all costs and watching crazed people snap at any interaction. The reality of the city was already beginning to fade a bit in his mind. All he had was the television to show him pictures of places he had visited just weeks ago had now been turned into crime scenes. People were shooting one another, fights with loved ones turned violent at restaurants he had eaten at, but the distance from reality that the TV afforded him made it all seem like the problems of another country far away. As the evening wound down and the fire became even more of a sedative to the people unable to look away from it, it was decided that it was time to call it a night. 
"I better get going and head back to the church before it gets too late." Dan said as he got up from his chair.
"Do you need a ride?" Donovan's father asked. 
"Oh no I will be fine. It isn't that far and we have all had a few. The night air will do me good. 
"Alright, well you have a good night man?.I mean Father." Donovan told Father Dan, having to correct himself. 
"Its fine, I don't refer to you as Doctor Donovan." Father Dan answered and they both chuckled a bit. 
"Okay, have a safe walk. "And watch out for the crazies out there." Donovan joked with Dan as he showed him out. 



  Two days later Donovan's mother was already feeling the need to go back to church and get her fix of "everything is going to be alright" and so this meant the whole family was going. It had been nice for Donovan to get to hang out with his dad and get some work done; it was basically their only form of bonding. His mom had been taking care of him and making all of his favorite dishes, it had been nice to get away from the city and just forget about all of his own problems as well as basically pretending that this house he had grown up in would keep him safe from anything out there. As for Donovan's sister she had stayed locked in her room most the time, being anti-social as usual and not wanting to just relax with the family. She liked to play up the idea that she was always being persecuted by the family as if they all had it in for her, so it wasn't too unusual for her to hide away in her room for entire visits. The dynamic of the house didn't seem to have changed much since high school. The parents were still the parents and dictated the moves of the children, when to work, when dinner was, what they were having, and Donovan's sister still played the drama queen in constant need of attention. Donovan's mom wasn't taking a closed door as an answer; they were all going to church tonight. After some whining from his sister the family all made it to church and was able to see firsthand what was happening to the town. 
  In church the usual calm feeling that being a community united in the belief of a higher power brings was replaced by a tension much greater than the last service Donovan had attended, two days earlier. The large group of people here were beyond on edge, if Donovan didn't know them better he would say that many of them were on drugs the way they looked around at one another with wild eyes. Strung out on fear, the people here were looking for some kind of peace but couldn't seem to find it and the images of crucified people on the walls didn't help. Father Dan was going through a talk catered to the situation. The sign of a good priest is that they know their audience and are able to either play up the audience's strengths or downplay their fears. In that way it is much like a performance of magic or any other stagecraft that involved interpreting the audience. Dan was telling people how they needed to look to their fellow man for strength when they were without their own. It was during this talk from Dan that Donovan was noticing many of the same mannerisms in his sister that the people around him were portraying. She had the same wild eyes, looking at everything as if it would soon attack, quick movements towards shadows as if something had just hidden away in the darkness. Donovan began to wonder more and more through the course of the sermon if whatever was happening in the city had made its way here to his place of sanctuary. 
  Donovan ignored most of the rest of the sermon and thought about the likelihood that what was going on in the city was some kind of virus that was just spreading to everyone in the city before any symptoms could show up, before any treatment could be administered.  What would a government be able to do in such a short time? Donovan had only heard about people acting out of sorts for a little over a week, what could a government agency do with that little amount of notice? Paper work to take some kind of action probably wouldn't be done in that amount of time. With people leaving the city to go back to hometowns and taking planes to other countries what kind of containment could they possible expect? If it wasn't a government made virus with some sort of antidote already built and this was a spontaneous act of nature with a high ability to transfer to other people there wouldn't even be time or a need to alert the public. As a doctor he had seen some of the power that viruses can have over the human body. He had also studied about the past effects on viruses and what happened to large groups of people when they came in contact with new disease. The American Indians had been nearly wiped out by the introduction of foreign illnesses that they didn't have immunity to. The global community of the world would most likely face the same type of cleansing if a new natural disease was introduced that people's bodies weren't prepared for or hadn't been vaccinated against. As Donovan thought more about the behavior that he had been seeing in the city before he left it seemed more and more likely that a virus could explain it. Those affected all seemed to act so far out of character opposed to just getting sick with flu symptoms and then dying of a fever or other symptoms made him think that it was something that attacked the mind of the infected. Once Donovan had decided that a virus attacking the mind was what was going on in the city and that the government really had no course of action for something like this another horrible thought came to his mind. If the city was where this had started and he had left the city to come back to his hometown then maybe he had brought the virus with him. Infecting all those around him, causing his hometown to be consumed in madness, it would all be his fault. If he had just stayed away would the town have been safe? Would it have weathered the storm that was taking place in the city nearby or would it just have been a matter of time before some other infected person came here and shook hands or sneezed on someone thereby infecting the whole town?
  The thought of this terrified him at first. What if the whole time he had been working with his father he had been transmitting a deadly disease? What if when he had been helping his mother with dishes he was subtly contracting a virus that would steal her mind? Reasoning, Donovan tried to tell himself that he hadn't been infected, he didn't feel like he was going insane or even acting any differently. The problem with sanity is that a truly insane person doesn't know that they are insane. It isn't as if they realize what they are doing is wrong and not socially acceptable and can therefore tailor their behavior to become better. They are insane because they don't know they are insane. It is a very fundamental fact about insanity. What if he was just a carrier of the new disease, not affected by the virus itself yet just carrying it to all of his loved ones? Was the noticing of all the people around him on edge part of the disease? Had he infected everyone in the church when he had first arrived in town? Was he going mad and just seeing everyone else as tense as a symptom of his own sickness? The circle of questioning and self doubt swirled through his mind and contradicted one another as he sat in the pew. Donovan looked around at everyone he may have infected or who may be trying to infect him with their breathing right now. Finally he couldn't stand the questioning of his own sanity and stood up abruptly and made his way outside into the cool night air. The blast of cold air knocked him back to his senses. There was no point questioning his own sanity as it couldn't be proven one way or the other, all he could do was look at the world in the same way he always had. He would however have to accept the possibility that many of the people within the church had been infected and even possibly his own family. By now it would be far too late to try and prevent catching any disease that his family might be carrying. All he could do was observe the town and see where the tension that was mounting would go. Donovan waited outside, breathing heavily as his panic started to subside, collecting his thoughts until the end of the service. People started walking out of the church giving him strange looks for having interrupted the service. Donovan just stood there and took their glares and felt the tension flow from inside the church and disperse back to their homes as people exited the church. 
  Donovan went back inside the church when the service was over. He wanted to apologize to Dan for leaving the service early. People were still up front speaking with the priest when Donovan was able to make it through the stream of people still exiting the church. Donovan saw his family standing up at the front, waiting patiently to see Father Dan. They didn't seem to be in the line to speak to him about any kind of news that required the expertise of a trained preacher. Perhaps it was just to tell him that they liked the service. Donovan saw that look of terror in his sister's eyes as he walked over to the family waiting.
"Hey what are you guys doing? Waiting to speak to Dan?" Donovan asked his family.
"We just wanted to let him know that we liked the sermon today and we were going to apologize for you running out in the middle. Since you are here though, I guess you can tell him yourself." Donovan's mom told him. "What was that about anyway? That was really rude. Did you have to answer your cell phone or something?" She inquired in an accusing tone. 
"No, I just had to get out of the room. I was feeling kind of sick. I had to get some air." Donovan explained to his mother.
 "Well it is still rude." She answered.
"Would you rather I threw up in the middle of the service?" Donovan asked as a little kid who was trying to be a smart ass to his parents. His mother didn't respond, she just turned and continued to wait for Father Dan to finish with the line of people. 
  When Dan had finished with the people who had legitimate problems on their minds, in need of direction from a priest, Dan came over to Donovan's family. 
"Hey Donovan are you alright? I saw you get up in the middle of service. You looked kind of sick." Dan asked Donovan. 
"I am alright now, I was just feeling kind of ill. Much better now."
"So what are the rest of you still doing here? I don't usually see you hanging around after mass." Donovan asked nicely. 
"Well we were going to apologize for Donovan disturbing your talk. We weren't sure if he was still here or coming back. We also wanted to say that it was really nice the other night when you came over to the house." Donovan's mom continued. 
"Oh, me too. It has been too long. It definitely brought back many memories being in that house again." Dan told the family with a smile on his face. Donovan's sister just looked away from the conversation as if it didn't concern her and she couldn't be bothered to take an interest. Donovan could tell that she still harbored some resentment against Dan for being brought into the family as one of his friends when they were younger. 
"We will have to do it again sometime soon." Donovan's mother told Father Dan. 
"And maybe this time I'll get you over early and we can split some wood." Donovan's father added.
"I'd like that, even the splitting wood." Dan answered. 
"How about this weekend you come over for dinner again, maybe Saturday?" Donovan's mother offered. 
"Sounds good, I'll be there." Dan answered. The family then started to walk out of the church down the little aisle separating the sets of benches. "Hey Donovan, you got a second?" Father Dan called. 
Donovan turned and said "sure" then turned back to his family and told them "I'll meet you outside in a couple minutes okay?" The family left the church so that just Dan and Donovan were left in the church surrounded by paintings, sculptures and all sorts of religious relics. 
  When it was just the two of them, Father Dan seemed to become just Dan again. With all the church goers gone he looked as if he was able to relax again. Dan let out a big sigh of relief, Donovan had never really thought about the burdens of a priest in a small town. Everyone knows you here, everyone comes to you for advice. 
"How are you doing man?" Donovan asked Dan, realizing that the formality of the ceremonial robe didn't apply to this conversation.
"I don't know. They all come to me and expect me to tell them what to do. They all expect me to have every answer from God directly. They just don't seem to understand the nature of religion and believing. I mean it isn't like I get a newsletter each week from the church that tells me where disasters are going to strike or what people should do to avoid them. There is tragedy in the world and it always seems so inescapable, even to me. It's my job to put on a strong face and tell people that God has a plan and I am not allowed to question that plan at all. Sometimes it is just rough. I see the people looking to me with hopeful eyes, I see the news where people are being overrun in the streets by crazed masses. Even worse than that, I look out into my own community of people that I have grown up with and I don't only see fear, I see things in people's eyes that I have never known before. When I saw you leave during mass tonight I tried looking around to see what had made you leave so abruptly."
"I am sorry about that, I wasn't feeling well." Donovan told Dan. 
"I know you weren't. I looked around the church and saw what I think you saw. The people all looked so scared. It was more than just being scared of what was happening in the world it was as if they were seeing things crawling through the church. As if they were seeing demons here in the house of God. I don't know what to do. I feel like people are always about to snap and it is just a matter of time. 
"I?.I know what you mean. It is like the town has been infected."
"Exactly! How am I supposed to combat something like that? I don't know if it is a crisis of faith that doesn't allow me to find solace in the church or if it is my faith that allows me to keep standing in front of these people and telling them that God is looking out for each and every one of them."
"I don't know. I know that you getting up there and showing people that not only is god looking out for them, but you yourself are looking out for their interests directly, puts them at ease. Look at my mom, she loves coming here, not only for the kind words, but that those words are coming from someone she trusts." Donovan interjected to put Dan's mind at ease a little bit. 
"There is something else." Dan told Donovan wearily.
"What is it?" 
"I am worried that I might be coming down with the same sort of sickness that is affecting people here and even more so in the city." Dan told him this with a sense of fear. Speaking slowly trying to soften the blow that this would take on Donovan, Dan waited for the reaction. Dan was obviously afraid. It seemed Dan was waiting for Donovan to jump back as some people do when they are told that their friend has a disease, even if that disease isn't contagious. The way people act around those with cancer or Aids as if a single sneeze will kill them just for being friends causes them to keep their distance and isolate the sick person even more is what Dan was expecting. Trying to be professional, as he would with any patient that came to him for help, but not dismissing the friendship that the two had, Donovan asked Dan, "What do you mean? What makes you think you have been infected? Maybe you are just scared because you have to stay strong for so many people while not being able to fear for your own safety?" 
"As a priest I am not supposed to fear for myself. I am supposed to be utterly giving to my congregation. Their needs as a whole are to come before mine as an individual. It isn't just that though??I have been seeing things. Things that I am not too sure are real. Some of the things feel like memories, but they feel so real, as if I am in the moment once again. "Dan tried explaining to Donovan. 
"Alright, look, you are going to be alright." Donovan told Dan in that voice of reassurance that he had told many terminal patients before Dan. "My family is outside though, how about I come over tomorrow and I'll give you a total checkup alright? I can do some blood work here in town at the hospital, I still know some people there. I'm sure we will find out that you are fine." Donovan had slipped out of being a friend and had switched into being a doctor effortlessly. Giving support and keeping an optimistic outlook for the patient's sake was a must as a doctor. "Are you going to be alright tonight? Do you want to stay over at my place tonight? The parents have a guest room all set up just in case someone comes to visit." 
"No, I think I will be alright here tonight. What time do you want to come over tomorrow?" Dan asked Donovan.
"I'll be over at about noon tomorrow. Is that alright?" 
"Alright, see you then." Dan answered with a bit of sadness in his voice, he seemed so sorrowful to Donovan tonight, but held on to hope that he would see him tomorrow and everything would be okay then. Donovan made his way towards the exit of the church, he looked back just in time to see everything that Dan held within himself. Seeing Dan like that was hard, he was carrying the weight of everyone who had any fear and sadness that attended his church. Every time someone stepped into the confessional with only that thin boundary between the two of them the person's weights were lifted. They were taken from the confessor and placed onto the shoulders of the priest. The problems of the world that have come to pass cannot be absolved so simply as telling another person. Those burdens are just passed from one person to another, never dissipating. In the way that Dan held his shoulders and the look in his eye, Donovan saw the sadness that everyone had unburdened from themselves. 
  Donovan met his family at the car, and rode silently all the way back to his childhood home. Nobody in the car spoke; they all seemed preoccupied by their own affliction. The car was full of burden that couldn't be left behind in the church. Donovan's family was carrying it all back to the house. When they got home everyone went their separate ways, each finding a TV or a door to hide behind. They had their own thoughts to deal with on this night and none of them wanted to share this with the others. In their individuality and need to be alone they once again were a family, a cohesive group of singularities. 
  The next day Donovan's mother did as she usually did and made the family breakfast, making everyone stop what they were doing and sit down as a family. Donovan felt that this was nicer than usual, he didn't know why but for some reason the appreciation of having his whole family under a single roof and being able to eat a nice breakfast together had been lost to him over the years. For some reason this morning it just felt pleasant to look over and see his parents in good health and his sister unhappy as she usually was, but still she was safe and she was home. When breakfast was done, again they went their ways for the day. Donovan's father had some more work to subtly get the house ready for any oncoming disaster that the city might send their way; his mother had plenty to do around the house, she always had some sort of project to continue to make their house into a home. Donovan's sister excused herself and immediately headed for the room she had been occupying for the past couple days. As for Donovan, he had his appointment with Dan today; Donovan really hoped that he was feeling better about everything. When he started making his way towards the church, Donovan had no idea what he was going to say or if he was just supposed to listen. Maybe that would be good enough; perhaps Dan just needed a friend that he could admit to that he was scared. Having to keep all the secrets and all the fear of town can't be an easy thing. With everyone treating you as an outsider, someone who performs a necessary task for the town, but not as a part of that community must be a difficult place to hold. Somewhat like garbage men or undertaker, appreciated for the service that someone must perform but still shunned for what goes with the title. 
  The clouds were covering the whole town when Donovan made it to the church. The place seemed much more ominous in the light of day. The shadows didn't dance as they do in the bright light or in the candle light of the night services. With the clouds creating an artificial darkness during the day the shadows that were created seemed to stare down those who looked upon them. The shadows of the church taunted the watcher so that as soon as the person looked away the shadow would leave this world, on its way to some other devious task. The sight of the church now made Donovan's whole body shiver. 
  Donovan walked in and the church seemed like it had been deserted for weeks even though he personally knew there was a service just last night. If a building could have an aura about it this church was definitely giving off a sense of turmoil. It felt like something had been awoken here.  It was only in the daylight, without the presence of so many hopeful people that Donovan was able to see the church as it really was, not disguised by childish feelings of salvation or a romanticized look of elegance. Dan had kept some of the candles going for where people lit a single candle for a prayer, but other than that there was very little light within the church. Donovan assumed that Dan was in the back room that was now his office. The office had one door that opened up to the inside of the church and another that opened up to the living quarters of the current priest. Spending all of one's time here in this place must be hard, Donovan thought. Whether it was a blessing or burden to have his home attached to his place of work wasn't clear to Donovan, but either way he was sure he would find his friend behind the door to his office. The light flowing from under the doorway confirmed this. Making his way through the dim church Donovan headed to the door and knocked. 
"Come in." The response came from the other side of the door, in a tone of boredom and slight despair. Donovan heard in that reply that his friend's condition had not changed for the better. Donovan came in holding his bag of doctor's tools he had brought with him and saw Dan across from him sitting on the desk. That desk that was as old as the church itself, behind it great men who had led services for years and given the best advice that they could to all those in need had sat. Dan was disrespecting all those who had sat behind there just by sitting on the desk. The manner in which he held himself though made it even worse. Dan had lost himself, he had lost his faith and he had lost his hope. The tenseness in Dan's body showed this to Donovan. There was something exceedingly wrong with Dan; his posture as he slumped over himself seemed to show grief and despair. Dan's hands were clasped in one another, working against one another in agitation. When Dan finally looked up at Donovan his eyes were filled with rage and fear. In this first glimpse of his friend, Donovan could barely see the man he had spoken to last night. The combination of all these emotions that Dan was giving off made him a terrible sight to behold. Donovan was immediately terrified by what he was seeing in front of him. It was no longer Dan, it was as if all the fears that the town had placed on his shoulders, all the hopes that had been dashed, all the unfulfilled dreams, everything that a God had denied the town's people had been placed in Dan and was now inhabiting all that he was. 
"You knew." Dan whispered to Donovan in a hoarse voice of accusation. 
"What's going on? Are you doing alright?" Donovan asked. That feeling of being surrounded by fear and the look that had been in many of the congregation's eyes the night before seemed personified within their priest. 
"You knew Donovan. You knew and you didn't do anything." Still with a calm hatred Dan stared down at his hands while rubbing them against one another.
"What do you mean Dan? I'm here to help." Donovan asked.
"YOU KNEW!!!" Donovan exploded. "How could you leave me there Donovan? You were supposed to be my friend." Dan asked him.  
"What are you talking about Dan? Look I am here to help you. I just need you to calm down. It's going to be alright. Tell me what happened." Donovan implored Dan to settle down
"I don't need to tell you. Shit, you were there. You already know. Maybe you can't face what you did to me by leaving me there or maybe you don't care, but either way, you know."
"I'm sorry Dan. I don't know what you are talking about." 
"It happened right here. Don't you remember this desk? You were standing right where you are now. It is pretty funny when you think about it, all these years later and we are in the same spots as we were all those nights ago. You were standing at the door, not understanding what was going on, with that same stupid look on your face. This is the part where you run away. This is the part where you forget that your friend needs you, the part where you forget all about me. How could you have done that?" Dan asked with a perfect mixture of sadness and anger.
"I really don't know what you are saying. Do you want me to call an ambulance or something? You really don't look well and I don't think you want me giving you a physical now. Something is wrong Dan, we should get you to a hospital." Donovan offered, trying to help.
"Ha ha, a hospital isn't going to change what happened here. It isn't going to change what happened to me and it sure isn't going to change what you did. Or rather, what you didn't do. You didn't do anything did you? You never told anybody what happened, never tried to help me. You ran out that very door right there and just put it away didn't you? It has become clear to me recently. After you left the church, I got to relive the whole experience. Every little sound, feeling and detail came back to me as if I was there again. So scared and young, I knew it was wrong, but nobody would listen. I had to pretend it never happened. If I was going to live any kind of life, it had to have never happened to me." Dan stopped and looked at the desk, seemingly transported back to the night that Donovan still couldn't remember. "You came in that door on the night that it happened and looked at me. I was sure that I was saved. My best friend had shown up at just the right time, just like a best friend is supposed to. You would hit the priest that was hurting me, or you would throw something at him, you would save me." Grief once again swept across Dan's face. "You didn't though, you looked at me, you looked at the priest and you ran. I thought I was saved when I saw you, but you condemned me with that night, with your cowardice. I hated you that night. The next day I tried to have more faith in you, I had been scared that night, maybe you were scared too. You would tell your parents what you had seen and they would come to my rescue. Because when I told my parents do you know what happened to me? I got my ass beat. There was no investigation into the behavior of the priest. There was no looking into his background or asking any other kids if it had happened to them. There was just a child making up lies about the priest that needed to be beat into learning his lesson. My last hope lay in you telling your parents and them coming to save me. Every day I saw you I hoped that you would release me from the torment that my parents sent me to at the church. Instead, you stopped coming yourself. You saved yourself from either your own torment or just having to see it on my face should you walk into the wrong room again. Either way, you saved yourself and sacrificed me. With a priest raping me, my parents forcing me to go to him and a best friend who would save himself instead of lifting a finger to help me, what else could I do but pretend it didn't happen? Maybe it was someone else who was being tormented, a story I had once heard, or something I had seen on TV late at night when I was supposed to be sleeping. All of this couldn't be happening to me, it just couldn't." Dan was working himself up into a fury again. He had been calm for a minute trying to explain to Donovan what he was going through, but as he told the story his emotions were coming over him. Donovan was at a loss; he still didn't remember any of this and doubted that it was even true. Perhaps Dan was just being tormented by some form of this virus that was affecting people. None of this could have happened in their safe little town. This was a place of refuge for Donovan, it couldn't be a place with such a secret. 
"You still don't even remember do you? I can see it in your eyes that you think I'm crazy. You just can't stand to think that you might have been a part of something like that. That you could have stopped it and saved me, but you chose to ignore it all. Well tell me something Donovan. Why did you stop going to church when you were younger? Have you made up some story that you've told yourself enough times to where you actually believe it? Have you elevated to such a compulsive liar that you can't even tell yourself the truth? Telling so many lies to hide the truth that you believe the stories that you have told?" Dan asked Donovan, trying to get some sort of recognition of the truth out of him. 
"I, I don't know why I stopped coming to church. I was young and my parents didn't make me come so I just stopped going." Donovan explained to Dan.
"Oh come on man that is bullshit! Think about it. Your mom doesn't miss a service of mine. You think she would just let you stop coming to church? Just because you didn't feel like it anymore? Think man. You must have had to put up one hell of a tantrum or made up some huge kind of lie to get her to let you miss out on all of this." Dan said, pointing to the desk where he had been raped. 
"I don't know, but what you are saying is crazy. It didn't happen." Donovan answered. 
"You are just going to keep on with the lie aren't you? Not even going to admit that you could have helped me but instead you ran? Alright then, that is fine." Dan said smiling to himself at the fact that Donovan still couldn't accept what had happened and what he had done. Dan seemed to calm down and relax a little bit. "Maybe I just made it all up in my mind. I have been under a lot of stress." 
"Look, I think that there is some kind of virus going around that messes with people's minds. I don't know what it is yet, but I think you might have it. Why don't you let me check you out? Maybe see if there is anything glaringly wrong." Donovan asked Dan, seeing that he had calmed down a lot and was considering the idea that whatever he was remembering might not be real. 
"Alright Donovan, you have always been a good friend." Dan seemed exhausted as if the rage he had been in was sucking dry all his reserves of energy that he usually saved for confessions and sermons. Donovan walked over to him starting to open his bag of tools. There wasn't anything too extreme in the bag; a stethoscope, a device to take blood pressure a syringe to take some of Dan's blood, and some gloves to keep that boundary between the doctors and potentially infected. Dan's normal self was reappearing in his eyes and so Donovan was less weary about going towards him. Donovan listened to Dan's heart, checked the blood pressure and then took some blood. 
"You think I might be infected with something?" Dan asked with the voice of fear and turmoil that he was used to hearing people use when he was about to give them bad news. 
"I don't know what we are dealing with yet, but I will do everything I can." Donovan gave his standard answer for people in this situation. When they ask you if you will be able to help them, just reassure them that you will do all that you can and then leave work at work. This is the type of mantra that Donovan had adopted from working with people always looking for hope in his answers. Taking his work home with him each night was not an option, a professional distancing of himself from his work was necessary to have any kind of life. Without thinking about it Donovan had made the transition from a man checking on his friend to a detached doctor who needs to get back home to his healthy family for dinner. Dan had noticed this change in Donovan also and it had brought to the surface the feelings of betrayal that he had felt when he had seen the fear in Donovan's eyes and then watched Donovan run out of the room, never to help. 
"So you don't think you could save me?" Dan asked Donovan as he put the instruments back in his bag with his back to Dan.
"I'm not sure, we will have to find out what we are dealing with first, but I will do everything I can." Donovan spoke without turning around in that automated voice of rehearsed words that came out without a second thought. Had Donovan turned around and spoken to his friend eye to eye and with some form of personalization perhaps he would have seen the change in Dan or maybe even averted it. With his back turned, however, Donovan didn't see the hatred grow to a fuller extreme then before within Dan. He didn't see Dan unhook the large phone still on the desk and raise it above his head. When Donovan turned back around to say his goodbyes to Dan he saw everything too late. Dan's mind had decided his course of action and the phone was already on its way down toward Donovan's head.
  The phone hit with a solid force to the side of Donovan's head making a small ringing noise as its internal components shook. Donovan dropped to the floor immediately. A red and black daze pulsed in Donovan's head. On the floor he tried to figure out what had happened, he was still conscious but the pain was excruciating, chemicals were being transferred all over his body to snap him back from the floor and fight off whatever was attacking him at the moment. Before he could regain his composure and find out where his enemy was Dan was already on top of him. Dan punched with the ferocity of a man not concerned about his own welfare. He punched without any care if his knuckles bled from the pounding or if bones in his hand broke at the connection with stronger bone. Donovan was trying to cover his face and push this person off of him; he still hadn't realized that it was Dan who was attacking him. Donovan was finally able to push Dan off and make his way to his feet. Assessing the situation he saw that it was only Dan and himself in the room and Dan stood there breathing hard with one hand covered in blood from punching Donovan. The blood was running down Donovan's face from where the phone had made impact and split the skin that had gotten in the way of the phone and his skull's meeting. The man before him was unknown to Donovan. Before any reasoning could be attempted Dan was charging at him. Making contact with Donovan as a football tackler would a quarterback, the two of them went falling through the doorway that had held their encounter tonight as well as the one all those years ago. 
  The two fell into the main area of the church. Donovan tried to get up, but Dan was on top of him once again. Donovan just wasn't able to match the physical viciousness that Dan was displaying; he had no regard for his own well being. Dan was only interested in attacking Donovan and making him pay for the wrong doing that Donovan still didn't remember committing. Donovan was still holding back, trying to make peace with the beast that was attacking him. 
"Stop it Dan. It's me, it's Donovan. You have to snap out of it. I don't want to hurt you." Donovan called to any part of Dan still inside that remembered Donovan and could stop this onslaught. 
"I know exactly who you are! You are nothing to me!" Dan screamed back and was able to pin Donovan down. With Donovan at his mercy Dan found his hands around Donovan's throat. Squeezing as hard as he could to choke the person who he felt had betrayed him the most. 
Donovan lay helpless on the ground being choked by what he still thought of as his best friend, unable to get free. It was in that moment that Donovan felt truly afraid. It was in that moment of terror that he remembered so vividly walking into the back room of the church and seeing Dan there. The memory that he had so carefully hidden from himself came back in full force as if he was there now. Choking for any possible breath of air, Donovan felt like he was going to die. With the realization that he could truly die right here right now, his body sent every bit of remaining adrenaline and with a last spasm of all his strength Donovan twisted and threw Dan to the side. 
  Donovan struggled for air and knew that Dan would be on top of him within seconds. If the rage Dan was feeling was anywhere near the sorrow that Donovan was now feeling at reliving that moment of their childhood Dan would not be stopping in his assault. Grasping for anything within reach to steady himself Donovan made it to the pews and was able to get to his feet before he came close to catching his breath. The fight or flight response was going strong inside Donovan now and he didn't think that Dan was going to just let him run away from this fight. He turned and was ready for anything. If Dan was going to try and rush him again he would be ready. When Donovan turned though Dan wasn't rushing towards him in fact Donovan didn't see him anywhere in the attack position. Donovan had thrown Dan off him and where he had landed is where Donovan now saw his friend. When Donovan had thrown his friend off, doing all that he could to save himself it looked as though Dan had hit something and had been knocked out. Cautiously Donovan went over to check on his friend. In the altered state that Dan was in Donovan wasn't taking any chances and in a strong defensive stance walked towards the man on the floor. If Dan was trying to lure him in Donovan would be ready for whatever Dan was planning. Donovan was still highly strung out on the chemicals flying through his body keeping him on the defensive. Donovan stood directly over Dan and what he observed was not someone playing possum and waiting for Donovan to get too close to defend himself, but rather a body of someone that was not breathing. It was clear that Dan wasn't breathing. There was no movement in Dan's body, no involuntary muscle contractions to get the air the body needed. Still taking care not to lower his defenses Donovan turned Dan over, ready for anything to happen. Donovan's body had been prepared for anything, a swipe with some unseen blade, a great lunge in anger, but it hadn't been ready for what it saw when Donovan turned Dan over. 
  A large gash in Dan's head from where Donovan had thrown the man into the corner of a shelf on the main stage of the church was clearly visible. Below him Dan lay lifeless. His eyes were still open and his breathing had stopped, Donovan didn't have to be a doctor to know what had happened to his friend and that he had been the cause of it. With the full memory of what had happened when they were children deep within him and the sight of his friend's dead body below him Donovan couldn't keep himself standing. He dropped to his knees beside his friend. The madness had left Dan's eyes, to Donovan though they were still accusing and with his recent revelation he figured this was fair. The thought of infection still made its way into the brain of the doctor and so he resisted holding his friend in his arms. All that Donovan could do was sit hunched over as he sat on his knees. 
"I'm sorry. I didn't know. I didn't know how much I had betrayed you. You reminded me of what I had done to you and I killed you for it. You were always my best friend." Despair didn't allow for tears, his own self hatred and the pity for his friend wouldn't even let him drop a tear for his fallen friend. It was here on his knees that Donovan thought of all the people from the service the night before. If it was some kind of virus travelling from person to person and he had seen the beginning of the madness in so many eyes the night before and this was what it amounted to something had to be done. He thought of what a town of madness could look like, he had only to remember some of the stories he had seen on the news. There were people running in fear in the streets, some shooting and mass amounts of suicides everywhere. The disease would tear apart their small community, if it wasn't already in the process of doing so. 
  It was in the midst of thinking about the stories he had heard on the news of violence and seeing it here first hand that he was immediately snapped out of this contemplation. Among those at the church last night who had exhibited that fear and that glazed look of someone who is far away somewhere else in their mind was his sister. Donovan thought back on his sister's behavior over the past few days and saw the consistencies she had with Dan's behavior. Dan would have to take one more betrayal from Donovan as Donovan couldn't stay right now to call the police and explain what had happened. Donovan got off his knees and felt the pain shoot through them at having been kneeling over Dan's body for so long. Donovan had to get home and make sure everything was alright, his sister wasn't well. He grabbed his bag of doctor's tools along with the blood he had drawn from Dan and ran out the front of the church.
  Donovan broke through the front door to find his mother on the floor of the kitchen. She had been shot in the back. It looked like she didn't even have a chance to defend herself or scream in terror. He had seen death plenty of times before, but the introduction he was getting today to the subject he couldn't have prepared for. Kneeling beside his mother sadness was crushing him. How had today already gone so wrong? With his mother in his arms Donovan felt her already cold body. She must have been killed just after he had left the house. Thoughts of infection in blood were secondary to his need to simply hold her in his arms. It was then that the thought that the killer might still be in the house came to the forefront of his mind. Donovan spun around quickly still holding onto his mother when he thought he heard movement in the house. He placed his dead mother down on the ground gently with a care that only a son can give his mother's dead body. Now with two people that he cared about dead and his clothes holding some of their blood Donovan started through the house, looking to see if the rest of his family was here or if the intruder was possibly still in the house. Before he left the kitchen he grabbed the largest knife the kitchen had to offer, in case he did come across the person that had shot and killed his mother. There wouldn't be any hesitation if the killer was still in the house and Donovan was lucky enough to run into them catching them off guard. It would be a quick thrust from sharpened steel that would end them as they looked up at Donovan. 
  There was no sound in the house as he walked from room to room. The house had become silent with the presence of death. He headed upstairs, his whole body tense in anticipation for what he might find up there. The bedrooms were up here and there were many doors to hide behind in order to spring on him if he let his guard down for even a moment. With the knife held out in front of him he checked his parent's room first. Whereas in movies people always open the door slowly when checking rooms, Donovan didn't want to give the person possibly hiding in one of these rooms the chance to find cover. He kicked open the door without any hesitation and made a quick sweep of the room looking for anything out of place. There was no intruder, and there was only one thing that seemed not to belong. A blood trail that started on the floor and when followed led up to Donovan's father sitting on the couch still holding the wound in his chest. The man had bled out while sitting on the couch trying to contain the blood within his system or perhaps build the strength to get up and make an escape. In either case the outcome was the same and Donovan was coming across that result now. Donovan went over and checked for a pulse out of formality, he could see death in his father's eyes. Lifeless eyes have the innate ability to follow a person as they walk around the room, much as some paintings have the same ability. Donovan's dead father watched as Donovan came over and felt where the pulsing of blood should have been just under the skin. Instead there was nothing but dull warmth. 
  It would seem that the person who had infiltrated his home, this safe place for him had come in and shot his mother in the back and then gone running up the stairs and had caught his father unaware. Donovan figured that his father had heard the shot and was coming downstairs to find out what was going on when he was ambushed in his bedroom and shot down before he could get downstairs to investigate. From just these two bodies it looked to Donovan like the person knew their way around the house and knew where people would be. Donovan wondered if Dan had been here and had waited for Donovan to leave before coming inside and shooting his parents and then making his way back to the church in time to meet. It didn't seem like Dan would have had time to orchestrate this so perfectly, but then again Dan had been completely unstable when Donovan had met him at the church. Perhaps he could have done it perfectly and then when Donovan had come through the door the guilt and rage combined to form the creature that Donovan had been forced to kill. There were just too many questions right now. Before Donovan could even try and start answering them he had to check the rest of the rooms before he could relax and worst of all he had to find out if his sister was in the house when the siege took place. The next room that he would check would be his sister's. Donovan wasn't sure he could handle what he might find when he burst through that door. His sister and he had never really seen eye to eye on so many subjects, but she was still his sister. He was still supposed to look after her and protect her. 
  Donovan had to collect himself all over again. By now he was pretty sure that the killer had left the house, and since he hadn't heard any noise coming from the room he was pretty sure of what was waiting for him on the other side of this door. The idea of his sister's body laid out across the ground was almost unbearable, but he had to know. Donovan had to know for sure if his sister was still alive, this thought was all consuming for him now. The images in his head of his mother on the floor in the kitchen and his father on the couch with the blood trail leading up to him was all pushed aside for now. The thought that his sister might be experiencing some of the symptoms that Dan had exhibited had been long thrown from his thoughts. For now all that mattered was seeing if his sister was still alive, seeing if that last piece of his family was still with him. Donovan steadied himself to kick the door open to see what was inside, to possibly see the intruder still in the room hiding somewhere. The adrenaline pulsed through his system and when the tension was more than he could take Donovan kicked the door open and came dashing into the room. 
  Donovan saw instead of his sister's dead body, her alive and well standing on top of her bed with a gun in hand pointed towards him. Before he could register the situation he was in a shot was fired from the gun held by his sister. Donovan, as quickly as he had come dashing into the room reflexively went jumping back out into the hallway. Before he made it all the way out she fired another shot in his direction. Both shots hit nothing but plaster in the opposing wall. Donovan had made it in and out of there without getting tagged by his sister. 
"Hey! Hey! Hey! It's me! Don't shoot!" Donovan explained. 
"Go away!" She yelled back at him.
"It's me, it's your brother, don't shoot." Donovan continued and tried putting a hand inside the room as he was going to come back in the room with his hands in the air for her to see. Before he could get anything more than his hand in the door she took another shot in his direction. Again she missed, but it did cause him to pull his hand back quickly. 
"I said, Go Away!" She yelled at him.
"What's wrong? What happened here? Who killed mom and dad?" Donovan tried to ask her from his concealed position out of the line of fire of his sister. "Did you shoot mom and dad? What happened?" Donovan was still trying to get information from her. Perhaps she was still in shock from having survived an attack from someone who had run in the house shooting and that is why she had shot at him. More likely however was that she had taken the shots that had ended their lives, the madness had absorbed her. Donovan could only guess what she was seeing or what kind of memories were coming back to her now as they had haunted Dan. Donovan didn't know of any trauma that she had gone through to cause this kind of break, but then again he hadn't remembered Dan's trauma either so it was anyone's guess what was going through her mind right now. All that Donovan knew was that he had to get to her and get the gun away from her. He had to get her some kind of help while there was still time. The hospitals would be filling up quickly if this virus was spreading as widely as Donovan figured it was. He had to make sure that he got her in to see a specialist in this area before they were all flown to more heavily populated areas or to places where doctors would congregate to collectively try and find a cure for what was afflicting people. 
  The first thing that he had to do was get the gun away from his sister. In her condition there was no telling if she would come back to reality and hand over the gun before she tried to kill him again. In the brief instant when Donovan had seen her standing on the bed holding the pistol in his direction as she pulled the trigger he had seen that it was his father's gun. While Donovan's father was not a weapons enthusiast or promoter of the NRA, having a gun for home security was something that he did believe in. The gun he had was a six shot revolver. Even though Donovan had given him crap about buying an old man's gun instead of something cool with a clip or something his father had said that a revolver wouldn't jam like something with a clip might. This was a very practical consideration when deciding on a weapon for home protection. A person needed to be able to protect his family, even if that meant killing the intruder, should it come to that. Donovan figured that a shot had been used on his mother and a shot on his father. She had fired two shots at him on his entrance and exit of her room and one when he had put his hand in the room. In the best case scenario that she hadn't found his father's extra stash of bullets and was still just going on the first set of six shots that had been in the gun, she would still probably have one shot remaining. The "Dirty Harry" monologue of how many bullets had been shot went through Donovan's head quickly and no in fact, he didn't feel lucky. He knew that if he tried to make his way into the room to get the gun from her and subdue her she would shoot him dead, just as she had done to their parents. Donovan's sister was dealing with her own demons. 
  Donovan went into his parent's bedroom and grabbed a pillow from their bed and then returned to his spot hidden around the corner from his sister's shots. The plan was to throw the pillow in her direction, up high, so as to distract. Given her state of mind there was no telling what she might see a harmless pillow as, but hopefully it would be enough to take her gaze off of the door. This distraction would allow him to come rushing in the room and tackle her. With her tackled to the bed he would be able to get the gun away from her and then he could concern himself with trapping her in the room or tying her up or something to keep her safe. Once she was suitably restrained then he would get her to the hospital where there were sure to be many questions to answer before she would be seen, but eventually a doctor would see her and fix her. There had to be a specialist who had seen this kind of thing before, someone who would know just what to do and how to fix his sister. He would still have a small part of his family left, he wouldn't be alone through this disaster that was coming, or rather had already arrived. Donovan wouldn't have to face the fear that insanity was on its way to him alone as it had spread to so many, he was sure to contract it soon enough. His sister would be with him, having survived the visions and what they made her do she would be able to guide him through the trials of madness. They would deal with what she had done to their parents after the strain of the sickness had passed, when each of them could think about life and death in less casual terms. The ideas that Donovan's best friend had tried to kill him earlier today, his sister had killed their parents and was now trying to kill him were just too much for him to process now and he didn't think it would be any time soon before he could begin to actually believe it. 
  Donovan still had the knife in hand as he stood at the doorway's edge. Like a knight in waiting, with sword and shield just before he was going to storm a castle, he held the knife in one hand and the pillow in the other. When he threw the pillow at her in the room he would drop the knife and then start sprinting into the room. The time had come. Donovan swayed back and forth counting with the sways in his head. He swayed forward with one said in his mind. He was going to go on three. On two he swayed backward. Before he could say three in his mind and proceed with his plan of dropping the knife and throwing the pillow into the room the plan fell to pieces. He had been just a few moments too slow with his plan, had he had the courage to sprint into the room when he had counted one instead of waiting for three perhaps it would have worked and there would have been no need to deviate from the plan. Instead, just as he was about to sway forward on "three" his sister came running around the corner out of the room. They came face to face, she had gotten bored, or thought that it was too quiet after taking some shots at what she thought was an intruder and had decided to go find out what was happening. 
  Donovan's sister raised the gun and pointed it directly at his head. In response to seeing her come bursting out of the room and then raising the gun to meet with his eyes he was beyond startled. In startled thoughts he realized if he didn't do something quick he would be dead before he had a chance to second guess himself. With pillow and knife in hand he was confronted by a dragon of his own. Raising the pillow to try and deflect her arm that was pointing the gun at his head and forgetting that his other hand held a knife capable of taking the life of anyone it came in contact with Donovan stabbed upward into his sister simply trying to push her back, momentarily forgetting that the knife would cut instead of push. She pulled the trigger as the knife went into her and before the pillowed arm could deflect the pistol aimed at killing him. The hammer pulled back and released with the barrel still pointing at him. With the knife already in the process of taking her life the snapping of the hammer would have triggered the powder in the bullet that was currently in the chamber sending a small piece of metal on a mission to kill. Had there been a bullet in the chamber she surely would have killed him just as he killed her with the knife to her midsection. 
  His sister had not only taken a shot to kill each parent and the three shots in Donovan's direction but had also taken shots at imagined tormentors when she had been the only one home. Using up all the bullets in the gun and having not found where their father had kept the reserves, she pulled the trigger in Donovan's direction only to hear the click of a the trigger being pulled without the ammunition to carry out its task. Donovan's sister's face didn't change with the trigger pull of disappointment, or with the feeling of the knife taking her life at the same time. She was determined and filled with anger. What had made her so angry in her life before becoming infected Donovan didn't know, but the virus had increased these feelings by showing her visions and amplified emotions. While the click sound of an empty gun had no effect on his sister it had a huge effect on Donovan. That click sound broke his heart with its futility. Acting in self defense he had stabbed his sister when he thought his life was at stake. It was his life or hers and everyone always chooses their own life in that situation as he had done, but now he realized that wasn't the situation. She hadn't had the ability to kill him, even if he thought she had there was still remorse shooting through his system. Once that sound of the bulletless gun had hit his ears he knew what he had done. He had taken her life with an act of self defense, but none the less he had taken it. There was still rage oozing from her eyes even as her body was losing strength. Donovan's face contorted into that of terror which only increased when he pulled the knife from her wound and his sister collapsed to the floor. Donovan threw the knife away, as though if it wasn't around him the events wouldn't have come to pass. The damage was already done, removing the blade had just allowed more blood to flow from his sister.
  Even as a doctor there was nothing that Donovan could do for her. He tried holding his hand over the wound to stop the bleeding, but it was already too late. His sister still held on to the gun tightly in her hand. She looked up at him with the anger still showing, it was as if the pain and the situation she was in were having no impact on her reality. Or maybe it was and she just carried that much anger towards Donovan and was able to overcome it all. 
"I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to. You just jumped out with the gun. I didn't even think." Donovan babbled at her. He wished she would quit staring at him with such cruelty in her eyes.
"I?I?" She stuttered trying to get the words out to tell Donovan something important in her dying words. 
"What? What is it?" Donovan asked frantically. Maybe in these dying words he would get some answers as to why she had killed their parents or what she had been seeing or maybe even what had caused her to become infected. 
Instead of the dying last words of sympathy and absolution or explanation Donovan was hoping for, Donovan's sister was able to gather all of her strength and look up into his eyes. With that last breath and every bit of her bent on telling him this she said, "I always hated you." Just barely able to lift her arm and not even enough to bring it up to Donovan's head she pulled the trigger of the empty gun again. She was apparently still trying to kill him even though it had already been established that the gun was empty. With her last strength she hadn't enlightened Donovan as to the reasons for any of today's events and she hadn't even explained why she was so angry. She had still been so overcome that she had used her last words to stress the point of how much she hated Donovan by pulling the trigger of the gun one more time. With those last words and that undeniable gesture Donovan was stricken down. His body was able to relax a little bit now though, the exhaustion from the used up adrenaline that he had been pumping since his encounter with Dan at the church was leaving him in a daze as to today's events. 
Donovan didn't know what to do anymore. His whole life had been shattered in a matter of hours. He got up from his now dead sister and went to the bathroom where he washed his hands. Scrubbing as hard as he could to get the blood of his fallen sister off of him he stared in the mirror. He wondered if today had really happened, had he been hit with the same virus that he had been running from and had perhaps just killed his best friend and sister in his own madness. At this point it didn't matter. He had to believe in his own sanity, otherwise there was no telling what he would do with himself. Staring into his own pupils in the bathroom mirror he was obviously still in shock over the past couple hours. He had searched his soul through his own eyes in the mirror looking to see if he was a murderer or just a person acting in self defense. He made his way out of the bathroom and over to his sister's body. Donovan had looked into himself and seen that he had responded as best he could given the circumstances, and was fairly certain he wasn't a murderer but just someone caught in the worst kind of situation. He didn't move his sister. He just took the pistol from her hand then made his way to his parent's bedroom and retrieved the extra bullets that he knew were in their closet. His body acted almost autonomously from his mind just going through the motions as he staggered down the stairs. Donovan sat down in what had been his father's favorite chair and loaded the pistol with fresh bullets. With death all around him he didn't really know what to do. If he called the police it would just look like he was a killer of four people. If he didn't then it would look even more suspicious that he hadn't called the police immediately. In either situation he was the prime suspect in four killings and he wasn't even sure if his story made sense to him let alone if it would when he tried to explain to others. Instead of calling the cops and having them swarm through his home, questioning him for hours, forcing him to relive the last few hours over and over with different officers Donovan decided to relax for a minute and get his story straight. His body was crashing from the tenseness it had been forced to maintain all through this day since his peaceful breakfast this morning. Turning on the TV just as a way to distract himself from the bodies around him and the part he had played Donovan instantly fell into relaxation. His body needed to recuperate and so with the television playing, his mother dead in the kitchen behind him, his father and sister's body still bleeding upstairs and his friend dead in the church Donovan fell asleep at the command of his exhausted body. His body needed to rest and his mind needed to stop thinking in circles for a few moments. There would be time for questioning from the police later. There would be time for regrets, for wishing he had come home earlier and had perhaps been able to stop his sister from her shooting spree. There would be time to look at the blood he had taken from Dan and see if there was anything similar in the blood of his sister that would point to a linked disease. Later there would be time to think if he had been infected. There would be time to consider his sanity and whether it was still intact or whether it had shattered like the others. There would be time, but for now he had to rest and so his body rested.

Chapter 11: Leo

Leo hadn't been a popular kid in high school, people had said college would be different, it wasn't. He was the kind of nerdy kid who liked to play dungeons and dragons. The kid who had played video games until the sun came up and the kind of guy who could tell you all the flaws in Back to the future but still appreciated the movies for being great none the less. Leo had never really made it out of that awkward phase that most kids go though when they are trying to figure out how to interact in social situations. The usual making fun of one another that most guys go through in their junior high stage of life stuck with Leo. He never realized that this making fun of each other was part of growing up and instead felt like it was a personal attack on him, like there was something wrong with him and so he should avoid contact with people at all costs. He just never made that leap into being one of the guys that most males do at that age. He did have friends; most of them were girls because they didn't seem to all be fighting for the alpha male position within their own group. Sure there was a strange dynamic between the girls as to how they confided in one another and at the same time talked about each other behind their backs, but it was more of an understated battle. Leo being outside this social role defining time had been able to make friends with many of the girls. It wasn't so much that he came off as knowing how they were feeling or could even relate to the problems each of them went through. It was more that the girls saw him as "safe" Leo would never try anything with them; he wasn't a guy in their eyes. This dynamic stayed with Leo all through high school. He wasn't the kind of guy who would try and sleep with them if they drank too much. Leo was the kind of guy who would put them to bed or make sure they got home safe. He sacrificed his own time and effort for those around him. 
While some girls thought he was gay most of them just didn't even think of him in these terms. This bothered him through high school as he tried to ask girls out on dates it always seemed to come as such a shock to them, as though the possibility had never even been considered. While this feeling of dismissal did weigh on Leo he was still happy to have the friends in the girls that he hung out with. The guys jostling for control over one another didn't look fun at all. Wrestling and taking shots at the other's masculinity just looked like way too much work to try and impress people in high school that would be gone once college started. 
Leo made it through high school undetected, keeping to himself and his little group of girls. He didn't bother anyone and they didn't bother him, he had become invisible. Keeping with his hobbies that allowed him to stay secluded, he collected comics and many of the little trinkets that went along with this. In his room he collected swords and bows and all sort of other unnecessary toy/weapons. Going to college and getting older allowed him to upgrade his weapons cache and make friends that shared his hobbies and mannerisms. Trading in the girls that thought of him as just another girl for guys that didn't think about girls much, he was finding his place in the world. Taking part in nerdy clubs such as the Society of Creative Anachronism (SCA), where people would dress up in chainmail and have sword fights, Leo felt more comfortable about himself.
In these clubs his friends always spoke about the coming Zombie Apocalypse. It was a joke amongst them, but people will go to extremes to continue a joke and not be left out. With a collection of swords and the like already in full supply the people of these clubs gathered up weapons and supplies for the imaginary doomsday that the zombies would soon bring. Each person would brag when they had acquired some new toy that would help in the coming days when survival would be the only goal. There would be no more "who is cool", or judgment based on clothing, people will be judged on how well they had prepared and what they had stockpiled for the judgment day. 
Leo had been one of the masters within this group as he had started when he was younger collecting items of war that were purely for show, but now carried prestige with their usefulness, hypothetically. Being of age to buy actual weapons Leo had made use of his lack in social life and the extra money he made working to buy all sorts of ridiculous items that would never have any practical use. In his inventory was two shotguns, both of which were semiautomatic allowing for rapid firing of eight shots in a row. There was a rifle that he had bought with a scope so that he could hunt, should he ever need to. He had three pistols, one revolver (for the same reason as Donovan's father, it wouldn't jam if needed in emergency) and two with clips for rapid shooting and reloading. He also had a collection of all sorts of knives, everything from survival knives that were about a foot long with a compass and survival gear in the handle to machete knives to cut through brush to spring loaded knives that fit nicely in his pocket. The smaller of his knives he rotated through and always had one on him; it was often very helpful to have a knife with him. Aside from the weapons that he had there were all sorts of supplies that were packed away for quick retrieval and exit from his home. He called this his "Oh shit bag" as in oh shit we need to get out of here. Inside this bag there were iodine tablets for making water drinkable when taking it from a river or lake. There was a tent that compressed down to the size of a sweatshirt rolled up that would spring open at the simple pull of a string. He had thermal blankets like the ones astronauts take into space, thin and aluminum foil looking made to keep most of a person's body heat beneath it. There was also dried fruits and nuts for food, stuff that wouldn't go bad but would help to keep up someone's strength should the need arise. There was also a Zippo lighter and a canister of fuel for it in the bag along with a flashlight and a few of the knives that would be used in a survival situation. Along with all of these items he had read books on how to preserve meat and had gone hunting with his uncle, he had read more on the area he was in as to what plants to avoid and other survival tips. All in all Leo had everything he would need to fight off a swarm of zombies attacking his house and then get out of the city and make it somewhere secluded where he could survive on the land for some time alone and safe. Of course these skills were all hypothetical, never something that would actually happen. It was a game that his friends and he played, imagining the end of the world and all the masses fleeing in panic while his little group of friends would be fully supplied and prepared. They would be safe from the disaster as they watched all the people who had mocked their interests, or who had done them wrong in ignoring them were attacked and struck down by the zombies taking over the city. It was a grand dream, but it was something that the people in the nerdy clubs could all relate to and the idea of being more prepared than the jocks or the girls who had laughed at them in high school was a soothing idea. 
  With all of the homeland security issues and the liberties that had already been taken away from Americans Leo didn't want to think what would happen to him should the wrong person find out the amount of weapons and ammunition that he had. Leo assumed that he would be detained for a while, some of his cooler toys taken away and a lot of questioning as to his devotion to America. The fact that he had survival books and the Anarchist Cookbook on his shelf, as well as being shunned in high school gave him a practically textbook terrorist profile. 
The "battles" that the group had been having lately had all been pretty similar but today's battle had seemed a bit different. One of the guys on the other team had gotten a little out of hand. While each of the players had armor and padding on, it still hurt when being walloped by a padded sword. The guy on the other side had "killed" the opponent by hitting him in the right spot and the opposing player had made his death scene, but the guy had continued to beat on the already "dead" player. Without any kind of history of going too far, or of being off balance mentally the guy just kept beating the kid on the ground. When the guy suddenly kicked the kid in the side while he was on the ground people stopped what they were doing and came over to restrain the guy who had gone too far. This was the first indication that something was wrong and the first sign that the virus had come to this campus. The guy had been infected while shopping. This guy who had gone too far with his reenacting of battles had been blessed with being one of the very first to contract the disease, and even selective in that he had contracted it from the very first of those infected. In some sense it was a small honor to have caught the disease from the very first person whom the disease had turned into a disbursement center. 
  Leo didn't know any of this, he just assumed the Guy had been having a bad day and decided to take it out on the opposing team. On a university campus people gather in large groups, there are dining halls where food is ill prepared and where plates are shared between people. There is a lack of hygiene in some and a lack of rest in the remaining people. A virus attempting to spread to everyone quickly had found another great area to be unleashed upon the world. Group settings and weakened immune systems from lack of sleep and poor nutrition allowed the virus to jump from person to person without much resistance. 
  As the virus spread though the campus behaviors started to shift and an overall agitation seemed to take hold of the student body. While this at first seemed only a bit more aggressive then how people respond to one another during finals week, it was still noticable. People in Leo's little group of friends who jokingly thought the zombies were coming saw this campus wide increase in aggressiveness towards one another as the first sign that they had been right to prepare for the worst. The campus health clinic of course didn't know what to make of the increase in injuries that were coming in due to arguments and the paranoia that caused people to become startled and possibly hit one another. This wasn't surprising since the government didn't know what to make of it yet either so it was no surprise that a mostly student employed health center had no clue. The campus just told students to stay calm and provided some anger management courses for people to take to better deal with the situation. This of course did no good whatsoever. 
  Things on campus started getting progressively worse and more fights started breaking out around campus. Misunderstandings quickly resulted in fist fights. Where usually someone would jump in and try to break up a fighting pair, now there was only a group that would surround them to watch or cheer on one of those involved. Those that weren't infected by this confrontational side of themselves were hit with the fear of not only what was going on around them but also the fear that they had been infected with something. Seeing fights in the streets of campus coupled with the exaggerations of emotions and the visuals that the virus was able to play out in front of a person's eyes made it hard not to live in fear. 
  Leo watched as things got progressively worse around the campus, but it wasn't until someone was killed on campus that not only were classes suspended but people were sent home. It was at this point that Leo decided to get all of his gear ready for whatever was coming. He wasn't sure if it really was a zombie invasion of some kind or if people had just become so unstable as to start tearing each other apart, but he knew that all of the toys and weapons and manuals that he had could very soon become a way of life. All those that had laughed at him when he had started the collection would now be knocking at his door for some sort of protection from the madness that was clawing at the doors. He went out and got more supplies from the store and called a few of his close friends from his SCA club and told them that his place was where they could come to wait and see how things were going to play out. 
  Only two of Leo's friends had taken him up on the offer to use his house as a safe place to stay locked down within. With enough food to survive and two of his close friends, Leo was sure that they were going to be fine. While the whole world outside lost itself to whatever had overtaken it they would be safe inside. Leo didn't think that his friends who had come into his place of refuge could be infected with whatever was going on out there. They both seemed perfectly healthy and each of them had supplies of their own that they brought to the house. Together these three had everything they needed and since there hadn't been any kind of power outages or any stopping of the city utilities, the time in the house was more of just a couple guys hanging out playing video games then hiding for survival. It was a normal few days for many nerds.  When one of Leo's friends did start to act strange and began snapping at the other two there was a quick vote and he was thrown out of the house. Adopting the rules of many of the reality shows that were plaguing the TV, the majority had won in voting the possibly infected person out of the house and so the rule had stood and the friend had left peacefully. Having been trained by TV that the popular vote was what mattered, only in a housing situation and never in an election, the friend of Leo's left the house with his supplies. Closing the door behind him once he had left the house Leo wondered what kind of world they were sending him out into and if he would be able to survive the hardships that might be present out there. 
  On television the two remaining inhabitants of the house watched as things became worse all around. The news anchors still didn't have, or wouldn't give any real information, and couldn't find any kind of link between all of the events that were happening. "?.an isolated incident" was what they were usually calling all the weirdness that was being observed. The mere fact that they were making sure to say that it was an isolated incident to avoid people panic seemed to suggest that there was some link, at least that is what Leo and his roommate thought. Seeing the suicide totals in the city climbing, people getting into more frequent physical disputes and the people of the city noticing that something was wrong as they began to start wearing the paper masks all made Leo uneasy. While he was fine in the house with the supplies to sustain the two and the weapons to ward off any looters, crazed masses, or zombie attacks, Leo still worried about the outside world and what was becoming of it. He felt as if he was just finding himself and becoming accepted. It was no longer a bad thing to be a nerd or a geek in society. The jocks had realized that it was the nerds who would get the good jobs, they would be the ones driving the cool cars and getting the chicks once school was over. There was a new power structure in the world and Leo was right in the middle of it. He was sad to think that the new world where intelligence and quirks such as reading comics and playing with computers would soon be gone if things continued on their current path. 
  Leo's parents had died a few years earlier in a car accident and he had been an only child so he didn't have any family to worry about while things went to hell all around. He only had to look after himself and the roommate he had acquired in locking themselves away from the world. When his roommate started to become more on edge and snap at Leo just for leaving a light on or playing his music too loud Leo saw that he had some of the symptoms that he had seen on the news. Leo wasn't really sure what to do in a situation like this, after all the TV shows that had gotten down to two people had either been decided by an audience calling in or some judging panel that made the decision of who should go. There was no way for a  vote to decide that Leo's roommate should go since there would surely be a stalemate with just the two of them and so there was no reason to even bring up the idea. Not wanting to leave himself totally exposed to what may be happening to his friend who was sharing his house Leo began to lock the doors when he was in his room or in the restroom. He didn't want to be caught off guard in a moment of vulnerability when his roommate decided that it was Leo who should leave the house, at gunpoint if need be. 
  Leo was woken up one night by his roommates yelling in the next room. Leo couldn't really make out what he was saying. Leo wasn't sure if it was just a night terror or something affecting him in his sleep or if his friend really had crossed the brink of rational thought. Whatever the circumstances for the yelling were, Leo wasn't about to leave the safety of his room to find out. It wasn't that Leo was a selfish person, although he did think practically and looked out for himself first. It was just that he didn't see the need in taking unnecessary risks. Going out in the middle of the night to see why his friend was yelling, in his mind was an unnecessary risk. Either he was just having a nightmare or he was having some kind of delusion that he was fighting off. Leo hadn't heard anything breaking through the windows that they had boarded up, nor did he hear anyone walking around the house, so infiltration of some crazed mob or zombie invasion wasn't likely. In this situation Leo figured that the best course of action was just to stay in bed, stay alert and keep his hand on the pistol that he had next to the bed in case someone tried to break into his room. He knew this wasn't the action of a hero, but it was the actions of someone who would survive, and heroes needed to survive first and foremost so they could live to be heroes another day. 
  The next day Leo asked his friend about the night before and as expected he said it had just been bad dreams. The two of them, without saying a word to one another decided that it was best to not bring up the night before again for the rest of the day. After all what could be done about a situation where neither party really knew what had happened, what was happening or what was to come. Even though his friend was acting a bit peculiar in the way he was behaving after that night Leo just hoped that it was embarrassment and not something more that was causing this change in his friend. All day long Leo wondered if he could make his friend leave his house if he started acting more aggressive or any more strange then shouts in the night. Part of him knew that he would have to eventually kick him out, as his friend was already showing signs that he had seen in many people across campus before they had evacuated. Another part of him still held on to the idea that he wouldn't have to evict his friend. If he did have to then Leo would be alone again and while he had become used to this during junior high and high school he had gotten used to being around people and having someone around who understood him. Leo didn't want to go back to being alone with only his thoughts, imagination and hobbies to keep him sane. He had seen what the world was like to most with friends and the ability to socialize and he didn't want to go back to his solitude again. Back and forth these opposing sides argued as to what his course of action would have to be. All day long Leo looked over at his friend in hopes that he wouldn't see that look of deceit in his eyes. Leo hoped that he wouldn't notice the change that had already started to take hold. Every time that Leo did make eye contact with his friend there was a definite distrust between the two. The two saw the other as a threat and each was contemplating what to do to ensure their individual safety. While thoughts of betrayal raced through their minds the two kept up appearances and smiled as if nothing was wrong and as if a mutiny wasn't working out the details in their minds. It was an overly friendly day between the two, neither wanting to offend the other or tip their plans to the other before the appropriate time. 
  That night Leo lay in his bed with the door to his room locked as it had been since he had seen changes in his friends living with him. He was still mulling over the idea of how he was going to get his friend out of the house. Was there going to be some form of confrontation where Leo would have to escort him out at gunpoint and if he did this what were the chances that his friend would burn the house down after he had been escorted out the door? Leo wondered if he would be able to appeal to his friend's rational side and perhaps persuade him that he had been infected, but he didn't think this would work. It would be like trying to get a crazy person to admit they are crazy and to seek help, this option wasn't very likely. While Leo lay in bed looking up at the ceiling trying to figure out what kind of action could be taken to insure his own survival he heard the screams begin in the next room. This time the yelling was more directed. Leo still couldn't understand what his friend was saying, only that it wasn't a rational person that was making the noises. The manner of speech was as if his friend were having some sort of conversation. There were bursts of yelling followed by silence where Leo assumed that whoever his friend was seeing was speaking in turn. Leo gripped at his pistol again finding solace in the power that it held. With just the drop of its hammer it could solve any problem. Maybe he was just making agitated phone calls late at night, but Leo doubted it. 
  When Leo's friend in the next room finally fell silent he wasn't sure whether he should relax or become more worried. There was a chance that the man in the next room had finally tired himself out and fallen asleep. There was also a possibility that the man was now plotting something in hushed tones with his imaginary coconspirator. Leo couldn't allow himself to stress too much about the situation and what might come later. Sleep was the key and it was necessary at this point, without it Leo might fall into his own madness. No virus would be necessary to make Leo start suspecting everyone of deceit if he didn't get some rest. Lack of sleep can cause the human mind to slowly go crazy in its own way, hearing sounds, seeing sights that aren't there and becoming agitated to the point of violence. Leo knew this and so behind the safety of his locked door he focused on his breathing and slowed it to the point of relaxation. Bringing his body to a clam state, now that the screaming in the other room had ceased, Leo felt his body letting go of reality. Feelings of calmness, then followed by a lessened awareness of his own body he was getting to that point where the subconscious takes over and unleashes desires in the dream state. Just as his body was going to make that final transition from a person that is awake attempting to get to sleep to a sleeping person unaware that they are in an altered reality of their own design, Leo's false reality was shattered. A pound on the door shattered any hopes that his body and mind had at achieving total relaxation and letting the mind run wild through its dream world. Unlike any knocking that would have subtly brought Leo back to reality this loud crash snapped him quickly to a sitting position. In a state of extreme confusion, not sure if the sound had been his own creation or if it had really happened Leo sat there for a moment and tried to figure out the puzzle of the noise. Without enough information to actually figure it out he was left just sitting there waiting for it to happen again so that he could confirm that it really had happened and that he wasn't just having some kind of nightmare. Leo only had to sit straight up for a few seconds before that loud pound at his door came again. This time recognition of what was happening was immediate, his body had been placed on top alert for what he still wasn't sure was happening, but with this sound repeating again, understanding came in a flash. 
  The second loud hit against his door was his friend and newfound roommate slamming a metal bat against his door to try and get into the room. The doors to the rooms weren't really fortified for an attack like this. In fact the doors to the bedrooms weren't even made of solid wood; they were shells of what more expensive doors were. A thin slice of wood placed around the edges of some hollowness that was filled with a bit of insulation is all that the doors were made of. This second hit against his door actually broke through both sides of the door so that Leo could see the tip of the bat coming into his room. Leo held tight in his bed, there was still a feeling of disbelief at what was happening. It just didn't seem realistic to think that his roommate had gone insane and was now trying to break into his room to most likely kill him with the metal bat he was wielding. It took only one more shot against his door which widened the hole in the door to snap Leo out of this disbelief and cause him to actually deal with the situation presented to him instead of ignoring its realism. 
"What the fuck are you doing man?!" Leo yelled. 
"I'm sorry Leo. It has to be done. You've been infected. I can't have you trying to kill me in my sleep." The voice responded from the other side of the door.
"Are you crazy? You are trying to kill me in my sleep and I am the one who has been infected?" Leo tried to reason with the man on the other side of the door.
"What was that? I couldn't understand you. You are speaking gibberish whatever is affecting everyone out there has gotten to you. I have to do this." The roommate responded fully sure he was doing the right thing in trying to kill Leo. It occurred to Leo that his friend had completely lost it and there was no more resisting that fact. The mere point that his friend was trying to break down his door with a bat to kill him in his sleep when there were guns and many more subtle means to kill a roommate laying all around the house was a sure sign the man had lost his mind. 
"You need to stop! You aren't well. Look at what you are doing. We can get you help, there has to be a cure or something by now right?" Leo pleaded. 
"You are speaking in tongues man, can't understand anything you are saying. I'll try to make this quick though don't worry." His friend called back. There was another monstrous swing of the bat that made contact with the weak door. This hit broke open a large hole in the door through which Leo could see the madness on the other side. His friend looked through the hole wild eyed but with a twinge of sorrow at having to be the one to kill his friend. Leo looked back with fear at what he was seeing. Just a few days ago the two had been playing videogames together laughing about the people that would be caught unprepared out in the world while they would be safe in the house with everything they needed. Now that same friend had become afflicted with a feeling of needing to kill Leo to save himself. Whatever had been going on in those yelling conversations in the next room had brought the two of them to this climax. 
"Stop now!" Leo yelled in warning.
"Don't worry Leo. I'll stop whatever craziness has taken hold of you. It is going to be alright." His friend spoke with remorse, but a commitment that Leo knew he wouldn't be able to deter with words. Through the hole in the door he could see his friend take a large swing back with the metal bat. With this hit to the door he would be able to reach through and unlock the door. This would allow him to come through and, in his roommate's mind, free Leo from whatever had possessed him by ending his life. 
  Before Leo's roommate could take this swing allowing entrance to his room Leo was already responding. Leo had given him every warning and every chance to cease his behavior. With the bat at the peak of its swing and his friend's weight already starting to shift to bring it forward towards the door Leo reached under his pillow and pulled the pistol into view. There was no time to consider the implications of what he was doing, it had to be done and his mind and body were in complete agreement. Effortlessly his fingers made their way to releasing the safety, pointed through the hole in the door to his friend's head and squeezed the trigger. In his closed room the sound was echoed all around him at once. The ringing in his ears was intense but he would have been able to hear the sound of the bat falling against his door had another come. Instead there was no sound except the high pitched ringing which Leo knew would stay with him for a while before it subsided. There was no more beating on his door and there was no sight of his friend looking through the hole that had served as an attempted entrance to his friend, as well as scope through which Leo could take aim at his target. Leo sat there in shock for a few seconds still pointing the pistol at the door. He wasn't sure if he had actually hit his target, he assumed that he had by the lack of noise but being overly confident in this situation could be fatal. When Leo was fairly confident that there wasn't going to be another hit to his door he got up from his bed while still keeping the pistol barrel pointed at the door. There was still a chance that he had missed when attempting to shoot his roommate and there was some sort of trap waiting for him outside the room that his friend was waiting to spring on him. Each step that Leo took was taken with care and precision, now was not a time to trip on something he had left on the floor the night before. Slowly he walked over to the door with the hole in it and looked through to see what damage had been done.
  Laying there on the floor just outside his room lay his friend. Under him was a pool of blood that was still spreading and in his hand the bat was still grasped firmly. Through the hole Leo looked down at his friend and felt pity, but did not feel regret for what he had done. He was justified in his action. Having played enough videogames and seeing enough horror movies to know the fatal flaws that people fall into when in situations like this, Leo wasn't going to make the same mistakes. Before even opening the door, Leo pointed the gun through the hole that had been made at his friend's head, and shot him. Leaving one's self exposed because of emotion or sheer stupidity when checking a body to see if they were dead was one of the things that always got people killed in the movies and Leo didn't want to leave himself open to such a flaw. The bullet had entered and exited effortlessly through his friend's head as he still lay motionless on the floor. More blood was released by the new found orifice and only now was Leo sure that the body in front of his door was truly dead. 
  Leo opened the door to his room slowly and stepped over the body. He proceeded to check the whole house making sure that all possible entrances were still secured and that there really hadn't been anybody with whom his roommate had actually been conversing. When he was sure that his roommate hadn't sabotaged their fortress and that there weren't any intruders Leo went back over to his friend's body. Before he could let any kind of emotion take over and cause him to collapse at having killed another human being Leo put on some of the gear that he had around the house. Leo put on some rubber gloves over which he placed some yard gloves. He also put on some warm clothes over which he put on a plastic poncho he had bought but never worn. On top of this he put on his pistol holster with the gun held securely in place. The last thing that Leo put on was an old gas mask that he had bought from an army surplus store. When he had everything on and secured he lifted his friend's body in his arms and carried him out the front door, taking with him a small tactical shovel. 
  He felt bad that he couldn't give his friend a proper burial, but he wasn't sure how safe their neighborhood was or who had been affected. Leo could only imagine what his neighbors must have thought of him as he carried a body from his house wearing his protective outfit. He couldn't even be sure if there were still people in his neighborhood or if they had all evacuated or become victims themselves, the street looked deserted. Leo carried the body over to the park just across the street, he hadn't seen anyone playing on swings or sliding down slides in days. Carrying the body, Leo thought about what it would be like for a kid to stumble across this body while trying to play and enjoy their innocence at the local park. Before the thought plagued him too much he was able to push it out of his mind, he didn't think there would be much time for playing, with all that was going on in the world now. Leo made his way over to the sand area where the swings were and set his friend down and then began digging a very shallow hole out of the sand. When the hole had been dug big enough for his friend to fit inside Leo rolled his body into the hole and then pushed the mound of sand back over the body. The shot that had gone through the back of the man's head and exited through his face had alleviated any accusing looks that Leo might feel the man was giving him from his sandbox burial ground. When the body had been suitably covered Leo put his head down in a moment of silence for the dead friend. He didn't say any religious words as he didn't know what to say. During an invasion or a war of any kind it is the shallowest of graves that are the most necessary and most effective. It is in these graves where necessity overtakes sentimentality. 
  With his last remaining friend now buried in the park across the street Leo made his way back to his house. Before going inside the house, that was now his refuge, he took off the poncho that had kept the blood of his fallen friend from soaking into his clothes. Along with both sets of gloves that he had been wearing Leo threw out the poncho and made it back into the house. Locking and bolting the door behind him Leo was once again in seclusion, once again he was without friends. The sights were all around him at what he had lost, not just a friend but someone who understood him. His vision blurred as thoughts of the life he had before came to him. He hadn't been the most popular but he had friends and now he was without anyone again. The loneliness caused the blurred vision to overwhelm his eyes and the tears made their way down his cheek. He didn't want to be alone and he had thought that surely with their collection of supplies and skills the three in this house would have been immune from whatever terror was going on outside the walls of this house. Instead, whatever form of madness that was happening outside had infiltrated their fortress and make a mockery of their preparations. What was outside had somehow made its way into the hearts and minds of two out of the three inhabitants and had left Leo alone to think of what could have been done differently and what would become of him, now alone in the house that had failed to protect their party. Leo couldn't remember the last time he cried. When he had been alone and made fun of in junior high he didn't cry. Now, however he had been fortunate to have friends, he had made those connections with other people that he had missed out on in his younger years. He had found commonalities in people with whom he shared similar experiences and who saw him worthy to make friends with. Having lost all that he had come to value and having taken some of it away himself when he had killed his friend all he could do was wallow in his loss. 
Keeping to himself and letting his thoughts run rampant through his mind for the next two days Leo waited for the sickness that had taken his last two friends from him to come and swallow his sanity as it had so many others. He didn't have a plan anymore. When the three of them had first decided to hold down the fort of Leo's house it had been somewhat of a joke. The world wasn't going mad, the zombies weren't attacking. It was just an excuse to break out all of their survival gear that only gathered dust without a disaster to make use of it. Leo had now seen firsthand what happened to people who fell under the spell that had been cast over the city. He had seen how they became aggressive and turned on even their best friends. If turning on one's friends was the only prerequisite for being deemed infected then didn't he fit that profile as he had just killed his friend without much hesitation at all? Leo tried to distract himself and keep his head occupied with uselessness as he played videogame after videogame. On some sort of mission himself, all of him totally focused as the messages from his mind flowed effortlessly to his fingers working the controllers, he tried to block out everything that was happening around him. If only he could pretend that it was all just a joke, or an isolated incident and that everything would be alright, then he could get over the feelings of loss he was having because he could have that life once again. After keeping totally secluded from the world, not watching the news for fear he would see that things had gotten worse, and not looking out the window to see what the world was becoming, Leo finally caved to his curiosity. He switched from his first person shooter where he threw grenades and evaded assassins to the more violent news that was showing. 
At first Leo thought that they were doing some kind of special on the Middle East. There was story after story of violence and people rioting in the streets. The situation had escalated far beyond anything he could have imagined. It seemed as if people were becoming infected on such a large scale with such regularity that the government wasn't sure what to do or who to trust with the task of restoring order and sanity to the country. There had been attempts at martial law in some cities and all this had done was cause people with bigger weapons to become infected with something that impaired their judgment and sent shockwaves of disturbing visions for them to defend themselves from. There had been incidents of people with the same symptoms breaking out around the world and people were all being cautioned to stay in their homes and to stay away from heavily populated areas. The television kept up with its regularly scheduled programs and commercials as most of these tasks were automated and human involvement in the viewing experience was negligible. Leo continued to watch news programs on every channel show the same incidents over and over, or at least they were so similar that it just seemed like the same story repeated. Every five minutes of horror was interrupted by commercials for theme parks where the sun was shining and families were happy and united, commercials for basketball shoes that were being worn in championship games, commercials for cans of soda and beer that promised that everything would be much better with just a sip from their bottle. The transition between these commercials of overwhelming optimism to the realism of the news programs was too much for Leo to handle. One second he was watching a commercial for some product that would make him better than he ever could be without it and the next he was hearing about a woman that had smothered her child because she thought it was a beast that had stolen her real baby. The stories kept coming about people shooting each other on the streets and jumping from rooftops in suicides that just kept coming. Leo felt even more insignificant than ever before and all the preparations that he had made for the impending disaster seemed more like a joke. It was how a child builds a fort made of boxes and believes that it will protect them from dragons storming their backyard. Naïve was being nice, the world was falling into chaos and all that Leo had thought to do was to stay inside his house with his toys for survival and play games with his friends as they had fallen victim to the world's madness. He couldn't watch anymore. Shutting off the TV and walking to his room he couldn't think of everything that was going on around him or what would happen to him when the eye of whatever doomsday machine had been unleashed on the world turned its gaze towards his house. He laid down on his bed and tried to block out all that had happened and all that he was sure would come to pass. Lying to himself he picked up a copy of "Cat's Cradle" and hoped that its fatalist humor would help him cope with his own situation. Falling into the world written before him he was able to read himself into calmness and eventually fall asleep to the despairing words of Kurt Vonnegut.  
Leo woke the next morning and felt empowered. He would no longer allow for the progression of his life to be governed by other's decisions. He had to become more proactive in his own survival, it was no longer a hobby to play with the ideas of what would happen when things started coming to an end, it was time to implement the scenarios he had played out as a ridiculous scenario in his mind. Leo knew that it would only be a matter of time before his little house in the suburbs was under siege, either from people looking for supplies or people detached from reality looking for whatever their hearts sought in the world but had never found. For now it was still a safe place for him a while and he would stay here as long as possible. He had fortified the place with enough food to last him and with his roommates now gone Leo had an arsenal of weapons and ammo to stay protected. With some more fortifications of the doors and some planning for what his next move would be he had to stay positive and believe that he would be capable of a next move and not succumb to the same fate as his roommates or those he observed on TV. 
Once he had gotten the house together and locked up his doors and prepared an escape route in the event that someone with more firepower then he did try to invade his home he felt much better about his situation. He was alone, but he had been alone before. With solitude came a lack of responsibility for others and with solitude came survival instincts to protect only him and always be on guard. Feeling like he had made a great deal of progress today, not only in the fortifications but also in coming to terms with his situation he turned on the TV to see if there was any news as he relaxed on the couch from a long day. What Leo found being played over every channel was more disturbing then he could have prepared himself for. On every channel the same message was being played, the commercialism of the nation had been done away with. The capitalism that had been personified with every commercial was gone; all that remained was a message to all Americans dictated by the Vice President of the United States. While the starting time of these messages was different on different stations it was clear that every channel was playing the message in a continuous loop. Leo eventually caught the beginning of one of the broadcasts and saw the same message being played that so many Americans had already seen earlier in the day when the message had started. 
Angela had seen the broadcast upstairs in her bedroom that she hadn't left since she had killed her daughter a few days earlier except to use the restroom and get whatever food still remained in the kitchen. Bernie saw the broadcast in the living room of a man he had seen collapse on the street. Bernie had gone through his wallet and when things had started getting rougher on the streets Bernie had gone to the address on the driver's license and stayed there in comfort in the dead man's home where the unknown man had lived alone. Donovan had seen the broadcast in his parent's home. He had given his father, mother and sister a proper burial in the back yard when the police had failed to respond to his call. Donovan hadn't seen the point in going back to the city since it seemed much worse then his small hometown. Together in fear and seclusion, survivors thus far watched the announcement.

Chapter 12: My Fellow Americans

"Hello my fellow Americans. The safety and well being of all of our citizens has always been this administrations most important task. This and our ability to keep a firm foot in the world as a power to promote democracy and well being has allowed for us, as a nation, to help maintain a cohesive planet. While there have always been speed bumps along the way in trying to make the world a better place, I believe that the world has become better because of our efforts. Recently you, as Americans, may have felt that your Government has forgotten about you, that we had turned our backs on our own citizens to focus on more global problems. I am here to tell you that this is not the case. The problems that have affected our nation up to this point are all moot. We have a new fear and a new obstacle that we must come together to overcome. Our nation, and in fact the world, have been overrun by an unforeseen attacker. There has been an outbreak of a virus of unknown origin. At this point we do not believe that this is an act of terrorism. There has been no group accepting responsibility for this action and our team of scientists attempting to find a cure to this sickness has found no sign of synthetic creation. Like so many diseases before it we will find a cure. 
Thus far we have been able to see that the symptoms of this illness are an increase in aggression and irritability. This is then followed by the virus playing on hearts, minds and memories of people to create hallucinations and visions that compromise the safety of our citizens. This sickness has not been isolated to a single town, ethnic group, class, or even country; it has become a global problem affecting millions. Even our president has taken ill with these symptoms thus I am speaking to you today as the acting Commander and Chief until a cure is found. With such a widespread affliction we have been able to disregard any monetary limitations and collect some of the greatest minds in the world. Being able to put aside differences for the greater good of the country has always been what makes our nation great. We are now finding the same cooperation on a worldwide basis in the combined efforts of every country doing everything they can to find a cure and disburse it in a timely manner. We have brought in the most prestigious minds of the world to an undisclosed location in New Mexico to work with every resource in the largest joint effort the world has ever seen. The only regret I have is that our administration couldn't have mobilized this initiative earlier and that the people of the world were not kept as well informed as I would have liked, but as I have said this administration has not been immune to the effects.
As of now we have issued martial law across the country and have been issuing orders through the appropriate channels to enable armed forces to be deployed to cities suffering from widespread panic. I am here to tell you as a fellow American that order will be renewed and that help is on the way. We must remain ever hopeful and ever strong in our resolve that as a country we can overcome any obstacle whether it being foreign, domestic or natural in nature. 
No cure is available yet, but know that we are working tirelessly to bring not only our country but the world back from the brink that it seems to be teetering on. In the coming days I will be broadcasting more announcements as to where to go for help and where to take those infected so that they may get the help they require. I will also be keeping your updated as to the progress of our attempts at curing this heinous disease that seems to play on the hopes and fears of people in a way up until now unknown to the world. The best advice is to stay inside your homes where you are safe and avoid large public areas. Believe me when I tell you that we as a planet are doing everything possible to defeat this new threat and I have no doubts that the combined effort of the human race can overcome anything. My thoughts and prayers will be with you during this trying time and more information will be made available shortly. When we know how to succeed, these details will be brought to you. As a nation, as a people and as united world, we shall prevail. Thank you."
The vice president spoke eloquently and with determination. There was a sadness that he was unable to hide even through the assumed mantle of Commander in Chief. The television dimmed for a moment and then the speech started from the beginning once again attempting to give hope to all those who had missed the message from the administration. Similar speeches were being issued in other countries at the same time, in different languages and with different words of hope, but still with the same message. Some countries had decided to initiate their own studies of the issue, refusing to send their best scientists to the US. For as united as the world had become under this threat there was still distrust amongst countries. Some believed that if America was able to make a cure they would hoard this cure and allow the world to wither away so that the idea of oil rights would no longer be an issue. Others believed that even if the US came across the miracle cure and was willing to share this knowledge a global spreading of the process wouldn't be possible to all areas of the world in time and so they attempted as best they could to find the answer. There was no lack of infected, both alive and dead, to study and run tests on, but still the problem of the virus that attacked the ideas, beliefs and goals of a person at their very core was something that was hard to isolate let alone stop. The government had made a prototype testing device that measured the levels of certain chemicals in the body that were heightened in an infected person. The president had been removed from office when he had tested positive for the disease that had been afflicting the country, a secret meeting of those in charge was called to make the decision to dismiss the president due to health issues, but this was not made known to the country until the vice president's speech. It was believed that people would panic if they heard this from some other news corporation and so it was decided that the vice president should be the one to break the news to the people. The idea that even the white house wasn't safe from this disease was something that would surely scare the people and cause them to lose faith in the government's ability to protect them.  
People did as they were told though. People did loot the stores dry as was expected, but other than that, there was very little rioting. Where in previous days people had joined together to protest or riot a certain action by a certain administration the people were too scared even to come together and have their voices heard. What many governments had attempted in trying to silence the masses a virus had accomplished in only a few weeks after its introduction to the world through Henry's bodily system. There were no riots in the streets calling for more action or more information. The people had no choice but to sit in their homes huddled in fear and watch the news. Images of terror bombarded them and forced behavior to become erratic in people who weren't even infected with the virus. Fear and paranoia are a dangerous combination in large communities even when they aren't justified and so when the world as a whole was being terrorized by an enemy that nobody knew how to stop or even how to evade the fear was magnified. 
The next day came and went without word from the vice president and people looked forward to the next day where he would surely make his presence known through another televised broadcast. The next day came and there was again no sighting of the leader who was supposed to instill confidence and reassurance to the country. The man whose words could get people to hold on to the small fragments of hope that still maintained in a small number of people was nowhere to be found. As his advice and guidance was missing from the scared masses the one thing that was present to them was the constant view of the world through the lens of a camera catching only glimpses of the worst that the world could offer. When the fear of the world was too much to bear for those with skills that allowed them to become dangerous or with access to sensitive material, the world became an even more deadly place. Two days after the vice president had made his speech of hope there was news of bombings going on around the world as if every terrorist had been given a memo that today was the day to strike. While there were terrorist among these people who had bombs ready to go at a moment's notice there were also common people who had chemistry experience or who had purchased explosives books online who had come into possession of these skills. The people were seeing whatever it was that they feared, whether this was Nazi's taking over the post office, Communists walking the streets, Gays receiving the right to marry at the courthouse, Aliens attacking the local grocery store or our own government simply being puppets of other countries it didn't matter. People saw what they feared and those who had the ability took action against what they thought to be injustices or attacks. Over the next few days these attacks increased, what they lacked in spectacle of suicide bombings they made up for in frequency. People were taking to their sheds for their shotguns and pitch forks to stave off the madness that was going on outside, even if it was only a creation of their imagination. The world was in a civil war where every individual was against everyone else, there were no sides as perceived from the outside, it was everyone against everyone. 
The reason for the lack of communication from the vice president was that he had sealed himself and those closest to him into his own tomb. While a test to find out if someone is infected or not had been created, the test did not detect when someone has been infected in only the past twelve hours. This left just enough of a window for the virus to infect people and lower the guard of those inside the bunker that the vice president inhabited with the other leaders of the country. The sickness had infected those who thought they were safe, buried deep in the ground as to survive a nuclear blast above ground. They had become locked in with unstable individuals, all looking to one another as the infected party. Once the virus had broken out within the confines of what was supposed to be a secure facility it was only a matter of time before the vice president was killed by the very people that were supposed to be protecting him. The nation was now left without a figure head to guide them or to give the orders. The chain of command had been broken. The army was now in the hands of the individuals who lead small parties and had their own agendas in mind. 
The inability of the leading parties in countries to keep themselves adhering to the policies established by previous rulers caused the military to disband into divisions of well equipped gangs. The world as a whole took a turn for the worse when the virus infiltrated the personnel in missile silos. Those in charge of turning the keys to release the missiles and those in charge of giving the orders to turn those keys had been trained not to hesitate if given the order and so when some of them were told to turn the keys or believed that it was their duty with a diminished chain of command to make those decisions the missiles were release into the world. Trails of rocket fuel burning in the atmosphere were seen in the skies of more countries than not. While not every country had nuclear capabilities, missiles used simply for destructive purposes without the radioactive leftovers were had by nearly all. The sheer number of weapons that were present in the world made it impossible to keep the people safe. The last broadcast that many city's news stations sent out across the world were pictures and projections of what cities had been targeted. 
"It has now been confirmed that of the cities already attacked by either foreign powers or our own armed forces, Los Angeles, San Francisco, Miami, and Washington D.C. were among the major cities, and were all but completely wiped off the map. Los Angeles and Washington were hit with our own nuclear weapons and people are being told to stay away from these areas to avoid contamination. We also have reports that other countries are suffering from similar attacks. There has been no word from the government as to our own armed force's involvement in the atrocities happening here and abroad, since the Vice Presidents address days ago. The country is in mass panic at this point where there seems to be a complete lack of any structure or any authority to speak of. In many cities across the nation power is going out due to either sabotage of facilities or evacuations. This station will do all that it can to continue to bring you any news as to the containment of the situation and the reinstatement of a government presence, but as of now there is no sign of such initiatives in progress. The only advice that seems appropriate at this time is to stay inside and try to stay safe." One reporter told the small audience of people still capable of receiving the transmissions being sent out by the news station. 
  A complete breakdown of the country and world's social structure had taken place in just over a few weeks. Even in those few who had not yet been infected with the virus fear was rampant enough to cause more people to give up hope and simply end their own lives instead of trying to cope with what the world had become. The world had fallen from what it had once been, a global community run by a few individuals where people believed that they had a say in the way the world was run even if this was just a façade, into a cinder of fear and disbelief at how far it had fallen in such a short time. People stayed in their houses trying to survive while not realizing the full extent of the sweeping changes that were taking place. It was only their immediate safety that people were still concerned with at this point, the idea of long term survival still hadn't crossed many minds. What would come tomorrow was still a thought that most couldn't grasp or even allow themselves to consider. With bombs falling and nuclear weapons being released on the country's own citizens and the fear of being infected with a virus that causes insanity with no cure in sight the people couldn't afford to think of tomorrow, today was the dilemma, today was the challenge and today many more would fail in their quest simply to survive another day. Population control was in full swing with the help of crazed people wielding weapons of mass destruction. Before the virus had broken out the circumstances had been the same, with insane people running the world and having control over the weapons capable to take out entire cities with the push of a button, but the retaliation of such an attack kept everyone in line and with their fingers off the triggers. Mutually Assured Destruction (MAD) had been the equilibrium that had kept the world in check. The idea that if one country sent their nuclear missiles to destroy another country the retaliation and eventual fallout from such an action would leave the world uninhabitable had kept the world in relative peace. Now however without governments to coordinate such attacks or retaliations and small groups, or mere individuals, following their own instincts as to when to attack, the idea of MAD was no longer a threat as well as a safety precaution. 
  How the world would be able to come back from this kind of attack that didn't have an agenda, and didn't have an Achilles heel to stop the terror was uncertain. The world as a whole had never encountered such a foe as this. An enemy without a goal in mind where the attack would be stopped once that goal was reached, and an enemy with only a craving for destruction and with no plan to stop it was an enemy that can and was killing the human race. The masses of the world had only one option and that was to huddle in silence and hope that the troops that the virus sent out or those already affected would pass them by. Hiding was the only option. Hiding from a disease is not much of an option at all, but the alternative of pretending like there was no need to hide was a death of madness waiting to happen. 
  In the city that Bernie and Angela still inhabited and the surrounding areas where Donovan and Leo were still surviving in their residences the broadcast that the United States had bombed its own people with nuclear weapons had been the last news that had been issued across the television. At the end of this broadcast the power had gone out in the city and all its surrounding areas once the backup stations finally stopped running. With a lack of employees still attending work to keep the power station supplying the people and the main station of power having been bombed earlier in the week, the city and its surrounding areas were left in the dark, left alone to fend for themselves. Having electricity is a comfort of civilization that people have grown so accustomed to that when it is taken away they have no idea how to react. Power in every home and having the ability to leave lights on in rooms that aren't occupied brings a feeling of security. The simple ability to fight off the darkness and what it possibly contains brought feelings of safety and contentment the people. Feeling as if there is this surplus that even if things go wrong there is still so much to be had that lights can be left on is a fallacy that keeps a great number of people cozy. Prometheus's fire being taken away from people in such a large number took away that comfort. Everything that people had become accustomed to was now taken away without any notice. The security that fire and now the light bulb had brought could not keep out the terror of what lie in wait for humanity in the darkness any longer. Somehow the darkness had found a way to take away the light from the world. The city had once been a shining beacon. It had been visible from space in brightness, but was now only blanketed in darkness. It was a creeping sense of despair that began taking hold of the people once the power went out. At first people believed that it would only be a matter of time before power was returned, those in charge couldn't let a whole city be without power, but as the hours passed and only darkness surrounded the people it became evident that there was no longer a class of individuals cohesive enough to make decisions that would get the power back on. The world's populations as individuals were each on their own, there was no longer any collaboration and there would be nobody coming to the rescue this time. 
  The terror, misery and disbelief were the same for all of the survivors. While there was differing periods of time that it took everyone to get to this point, the broadcast had shown people what the world was becoming and the loss of power had confirmed their fears. People turned to radios with batteries for solace hoping that they might receive better news from the airwaves. The small amount of transmissions that were still being sent out were no more optimistic than the television broadcast, but still people listened. Perhaps they were waiting for some hope or perhaps they were just waiting for instructions on what to do, but in any case they were let down. The radio broadcasts were being sent out by small radio stations being powered only by generators since the large channels couldn't supply the power to maintain their large signals and equipment that powered them. With only local and small broadcasting again there was no cohesion and nobody to take charge to tell the masses where to go or what to do. People were left in the remnants of their world with only their possessions and mistakes to keep them company as their friends and family died off. 
  Guided by guilt and fear of an afterlife many people couldn't succumb to their fears and so did all that they could to survive despite the circumstances surrounding them. Coming down with symptoms eventually they were usually tormented by the same fears and hopes that had forced them to hold on to their lives until they couldn't stand it anymore and the virus eventually won. Donovan and Leo were relatively safe in their small town atmospheres. There were less people to fear, less of an element of terror flying through the eyes of even the healthiest survivors. They had each already lost the hope of salvation and so simply held on to the lives they still had until the virus came to them. There really wasn't much more that they could do. Angela and Bernie were held within the city where the possibility of someone bombing their building or looters running from apartment to apartment looking for supplies was greater. Most people felt the need to just stay at home and hide, if they just didn't make too much noise or if they didn't move around too much perhaps the virus's gaze wouldn't fall on them and ruin what was left of their lives. All around was death, there was no hope of being saved and the whole world was crumbling around them and yet there were a few people who held on, most because they didn't know what else to do, but still they held on. 
  Three weeks after the last broadcast of news in the city that people such as Bernie and Henry had called home the world was all but over. Out every window there were signs of the virus on the world. Whether that mark was burning cities, craters where towns had been, corpses in the streets, or deserted streets through every looking glass it was undeniable that there was no going back to a way of life that had been left behind with Henry's infection. Since Henry had been infected the world had paid the price, the percentage of people that had been killed by either accident, fear or coincidence was so close to one hundred percent that the only noticeable movement was the burning rubble of buildings or the crumbling bridges of a race of humans that had all but become extinct. In the embers of a burning corpse of the human race there were few survivors. Somehow they had not been affected by the virus; somehow their systems had either caused the virus not to infect them in the first place or had fought off the infection with means unknown to the larger population. In these survivors Angela, Bernie, Leo and Donovan found themselves. It was still too soon for them to know that the virus wouldn't be taking over their systems. As far as they knew deep down it was still only a matter of time before they were taken by this thing that killed everyone in its path. All these people, left alive by the virus, could do was sit and wait. Grief had become a constant and almost bearable for most. There had been no sensation, since the feelings of grief and loss, to take its place so they had sulked and waited in their homes for the end that was sure to come, but it never did. It had been weeks and still they were alive. Most people were not in air tight shelters or even within protective areas; they were just common people staying in their little apartments and homes, protected by nothing more than that which would protect them from a rain storm or heavy snow.

CHAPTER 13: Setting Out

  Even though Leo was a little disappointed that it hadn't been zombies that had taken down the world, he was a little smug in the idea that he had been prepared for disaster and disaster had come. Without family to worry about and all of his friends gone all he had was time. There had been a time of guilt over what he had done to his roommate, but that had passed quickly when he won the argument with himself and decided it had to be done. When the power had gone out he had used the generator to the house that he had set up to continue being able to play video games. When that had run out of gas he turned to the large stockpile of batteries that he had to keep his entertainment alive. There was still a small feeling of loneliness tugging at his spirit, but he figured this would go away with time. After all he had been lonely before and he could handle being on his own again he just had to get back into the mode of not expecting to have any friends. The problem was that once a person is accepted and sees a lifestyle that they have always wanted, it is exceedingly hard to go back to the life they had before. The person who has found how rewarding friendship can be is hard-pressed to convince himself that life is better without friends on one's own. The truth was that Leo didn't want to be alone again. The thoughts of if his friends were lucky enough to have survived the virus's attacks on their immune systems began to haunt him. They didn't all have the arsenals that he did. Was it fair for him to just stay locked up in the house without any regard for people who might be less fortunate then himself in their preparations?
  Leo didn't necessarily get bored with the video games that he still had, and he hadn't run out of supplies. It was more boredom and a need to do something else and to possibly find others that got Leo to leave the house. He packed everything that he thought he would need, the destination wasn't quite set in his mind yet, but he knew that sitting around the house not doing anything was wasting his potential. Leo's neighbor had a truck that Leo had always coveted. It was the epitome of manliness and overcompensation, but still Leo had always wanted it. It had been lifted to make other vehicles feel inferior. He made his way to the neighbor's house and looked in the window. He didn't see the family and when he knocked on the door there was no response. For all he knew they had gone running mad down the streets throwing pots and pans at one another. He hadn't seen anyone on his street in over a week. In any case Leo took the initiative to knock down the door and let himself in. He didn't bother going through the house as it didn't seem too well fortified and he easily found the keys to the truck hanging on a wooden Elvis figurine just inside the doorway. While in most zombie movies people always opted for a motorcycle to travel he had always thought that his neighbor's truck would make a good traveling vehicle. It could carry passengers, should he come across any survivors, and he could take all of his toys/weapons without having to compromise.  He took the truck back to his house and loaded it up with everything he thought he might need for the trip. He wasn't too sure what to take but with a highly diminished population he assumed that food and water would be readily available for the person willing to look for it. 
  With everything loaded and ready to go and nobody on the street to scare him into staying inside his fortress Leo decided that the open road was where he needed to be. He had never been able to travel. He wasn't sure whether this was due to a lack of inclination or if it was just that the opportunity had never arisen. Just the idea of being on the road without much of a direction was exciting to him, seeing the sights without the crowds to get in the way sounded nice. He turned on the radio in the truck and searched for some music out of reflex. The digital dial spun around and around the edge and back to the beginning repeatedly. Leo pulled over to the side of the road and thought about what this meant. There must be people out there watching the dial spin around continuously hoping that someone will tell them where to go, what to do, or at the very least that everything is going to be alright. There were people who were scared out there; this wasn't a time for him to just go off playing around the country seeing the sights on a lonely road trip. This was a time for the remaining survivors to collect themselves and find comfort in each other. The people that were strong, prepared or just not as beaten by this virus needed to be there for the people who had seen the worst of the world in the past few weeks. He sat in the truck for a while trying to figure out what to do. What could he do? He was just a guy who had some tools and a little play experience in survival techniques. He really didn't think that he would be of any use to people, but maybe if he could get the survivors to come together then there would be someone qualified to lead. If in fact there were enough people left to form a group then surely there must be someone more qualified than he. People must just be waiting for some kind of service announcement to come on and tell them that they need to report to their local church or Salvation Army location or something. 
  His mind was made up as to what he needed to do, now he just needed to figure out how to execute this plan. The first thing he needed to do was to hit the electronics store for some small accessories and then he would head over to the local radio station. Leo figured that either there would be someone there already with the same plan as him or there wouldn't be any resistance getting into the control room of the radio station. The movies had also prepared him for the bad element that would most likely rear its violent head in the wake of such a disaster. When people are afraid they come together in the strangest ways and the dominant males that force their opinions on others are somewhat of a guiding light to those who just want to survive and so violence and aggression persist even in a dying world. This was of course only a hypothesized fictional outcome when the world had been crippled beyond repair, but to Leo the idea seemed sound. The general masses were already weak enough without their social structure collapsing around them. In a situation like this people will probably do anything that someone who can guarantee their safety tells them to do. The vicious cycle of hope to fear to hope to fear was still in the fearful stage. Leo thought that he might be able to do something about that and try to bring a little bit of hope to the people huddled around their radios hearing only the disconcerting voice of static. That static symbolized all that had been lost and showed them that there was nothing else out there, that they truly were alone. Leo hoped to show them different. 
  When Leo made it to the closest electronics store the place had already been fairly well looted. The place was a disaster, but people were mostly after giant flat panel TVs and cool ipods. The looting had taken place before the scale of the virus attack had come into sight, before people realized that there wouldn't be any more TV to watch. All that Leo needed here was a cheap mp3 player that had the ability to record and some wires that he might need later on. These things were not the most highly sought after by people going for the biggest and sleekest toys and so Leo was able to acquire these items without trouble. Leo collected these essentials and made his way to the truck and then on to the local radio station. 
  The tower was a pillar of modern technology, while not the most technologically advanced piece of machinery, the ability to communicate with the masses is one of humanities greatest abilities. The power of an individual to have their voice heard with limited hardware was a great achievement. Hidden behind airwaves of anonymity people speak their mind with only the oversight of the governments in charge. When Leo got to the radio tower there was a chain link gate that surrounded the entrance to the tower. Without a thought as to seeing if the gate was unlocked he revved the gas of the truck. He had always wanted to go crashing through a gate with a powerful truck on some sort of mission. With no consequences and the appropriate vehicle for just such a task he went flying through the gate. A smile crossed his face as he crashed through it, there was nobody to call the cops, and no cops to come if they had. The world had become what so many movies and videogames had promised a desolate place where the only law was that of force. Parking on the sidewalk just in front of the building that housed the technology needed to reach remaining survivors Leo grabbed the supplies that he had acquired from the electronics store and flashlight, strapped on his pistol and picked up his lock picking set. Lock picking had been one of those skills that he had learned that people had laughed at. 
Once inside he drew his pistol and flashlight and held the flashlight under the pistol for stability pointing it in the same direction, as he had seen people do in all sorts of military movies. Whether or not this was a correct way to hold a gun and a flashlight at the same time he had no idea, but it looked cool and seemed to give him some stability so he proceeded into the building. He was still very hesitant in his actions. The idea of the people who had died from the virus returning to some form of animated beings and attacking all those around for their brains still hadn't escaped his mind. The idea of zombies was something that he had been prepared for, he had practiced headshots just in case the need ever arose. This was a virus of unknown origins that had basically wiped out the whole world, many zombie movies had begun just like this. More realistically however there might be people inside who were afraid and his action of breaking down the gate wasn't likely to set them at ease and give them the idea that a peaceful conversation is what he was looking for. Leo had no idea what he would find inside, or how difficult it would be to get the tower back online and sending out a signal of hope to all those that could hear. Keeping his guard up he made his way through each room, making sure to check the closets just in case, he didn't want any surprises after he had let his guard down only to find someone hiding. 
After making an initial sweep of the building to see if anyone was still inside, he was confident that nobody else was there. He found the control room, which of course had no power to it and decided that getting power to the building was the first task. With lights on he would be able to figure out how to work the controls and hook up his outside source to send the message to the remaining public of the surrounding areas. He had no idea how powerful the signal would be, but he knew that the station was heard all through the city. He had heard it when he had taken trips and kept listening to the same station. Whether this was due to some amplification process and the signal being bounced off of other towers so that it would reach the city, he had no idea, but all he could do now was get this place going and see where that got him. 
It turned out that the station had already been set up with a permanent generator out back and the power had already been switched to use this generator. It looked like whoever had been running the place had just let the gas run out and the generator had shut down. Most likely the last inhabitants of this place had put on some music or announcement to repeat while the generator purred outside and then either gave into their own fears or decided to go home to be with their families during the country's most dire time. Leo went back to his truck and unloaded one of the five gallon containers of diesel that he had loaded. He had both gasoline and diesel in the back of the truck because he wasn't sure what kind of vehicles or generators he might run into. He filled the generator with just a gallon of the fuel; he didn't want to waste the fuel if the generator wasn't going to turn over. Leo pulled the string to start it and the mechanism came to life. Hungrily it soaked up the fuel that he had filled it with and so he put the rest of the five gallon container into the generator and headed back inside to see what kind of power and instruments he had to work with. Leo was surprised to find that the generator was plugged into the main power directly; it wasn't just used for emergency systems and stuff of that nature. He went to the control room and the place was lit up with power. Leo took the time to go around the office and turn off any unnecessary lights just to get the most out of the fuel that he was currently burning. In the control room the light that showed "On Air" was lit up and a message started playing immediately. It seemed as if someone had had the same idea. There was a message being played about how people should stay calm and stay indoors along with some other reassurances that everything was going to be alright. He quickly found where the source of this message was coming from. The computer monitor was playing an audio file set to repeat over and over. The announcer sounded far too official to have been from this part of town and didn't have the same sort of accent as people around here. Most likely it was a recording that had been sent out by the government to all the radio stations to blanket the nation in positive thinking and false hope. 
Upon further inspection it appeared to Leo that he wasn't going to need the equipment that he had taken from the electronics store. This place was already set up to send out a mass message over and over. With the initial message shut off he figure out how to record a message and put it into the lineup to be played and then how to get it repeating over and over. All that was left for him now was to think of what to tell people. What kind of a message did they want to hear? What was the plan? All that he knew at this point was that he wanted to reassure people that they weren't alone and that there was help if they needed it. He wasn't entirely sure what kind of help he could give but he figured a group of people could do better together than individually struggling for survival with their limited abilities. In a group, abilities could be used to their maximum potential, people with certain skills could help those that required them, but still had something else to offer the group. All he could do was press record and see what came out. 
"Hello my name is Leo. I am not here to save you, I am not the one who is going to protect you. That duty now falls on each of us. We must be strong. There is nothing gained by giving up or wallowing in grief. There will be a time to mourn those who have been lost, but that time is not now. Now we must come together. Any prejudices and hatefulness is all behind us now, we as a people need to unite and help one another. There are many scared people out there right now, many people who feel alone in a world overrun by madness. I am here to tell you this is not the case. You are not alone. My voice is proof of that. I have survived and so will you. Our strength must lead us to one another and united we must make a new world. You all saw what was happening around us and you all saw that it wasn't only our country that was hit with this sickness. We can only assume that the same disastrous events that have taken place here have also befallen many other countries. I do not claim to have the answers but I know if you are out there then you are strong. I have survived and so have you, I believe that if we have not already been infected by the sickness we are somehow immune. I am suggesting that anybody who can hear this transmission and needs help or just wants to be around people should meet at the Lincoln High School here in Lafayette. From here we can see what people think the next step is. Since I am sure that all the phones are down if you need help I will do what I can. If you have a flare or have the ability to start a fire send this signal at 12 noon or 5pm and I will know it is a signal. If you have a walkie talkie of some sort I will have mine turned to channel 11. Again my name is Leo and I am just here to tell you that you aren't alone and that there is hope." Leo ended the recording and figured that it was pretty good for a first try and so decided to start playing it on the radio immediately and see if anyone responded. 
Leo had two more errands to take care of before he could just sit and wait and see if anyone showed up. The first thing he had to do was fill the generator all the way; now that he knew it worked and the signal was being sent out he could afford to give it more fuel. On the way to his next task he made sure to stop and refill the gas cans that he had. As he drove, he listened to his message repeating on the truck's radio. It was strange hearing his voice playing through the speakers in the truck and even stranger still to hear himself giving hope and calling on others to come to him for assistance and to unify. His second task was making his presence known at the high school. He hadn't been by there yet, but it was the first place that he thought of when he thought about a large number of people congregating in a recognizable neutral location. The disease had spread so quickly and the response from anyone in charge attempting to handle the situation had been so poor that people had barely gotten a chance to retreat to safe houses with supplies. Leo didn't know how sound his thinking was in getting people to flock to the high school, but at least it would give people direction. Even a poorly thought out plan was a plan and would distract a person from all that was around them for a moment or two and maybe give them a little bit of hope when they saw that there were others.
Leo made it to the high school without seeing anyone else on the road or any signs of movement. The thought did cross his mind that he might be the only one left alive, but this seemed highly improbable. He didn't know of any reason why he might be left alive while others were made to suffer and die. He didn't have any special ability or an overactive immune system, to the best of his knowledge he was a very standard specimen of a human. There had to be others out there, people who would know what to do when the world comes to an end. There had to be someone still alive who would want the mantel of leader for whatever number of people ended up arriving at the high school. Everyone had dreams of being a leader and saving the day, it was just a matter of the scale in which they wanted to accomplish this. The world looked like a discarded shell of its former self, only the ruble that wasn't wanted anymore seemed to have stayed. While there had been explosions around the town and the city had had bombings of its own, the place looked more like it had been emptied than destroyed. There were bodies strewn around the streets in places where pileups of maddened drivers had stopped movement, but for most the world they had crawled into their homes and waited for a salvation that wouldn't come. People watched the television and listened to the radio in hopes that a cure was to be announced in the next news story. If they weren't glued to the TV waiting, they were ashamed of the madness that had become of their family. A society who doesn't take pity or try to help those with mental problems, but instead locks them away trying to cut the bruised portion of the apple out of community, is a society who forces people to hide their illnesses for fear of persecution.

Chapter 14: A New Beginning
 
The school was fairly intact, more so then Leo had anticipated anyway. He was expecting that the kids who had been sent home from school when the outbreak was first announced would take the opportunity to destroy the building that was the cause for all their supposed suffering. Instead it looked as if parents had kept their children close at home. By the time it was known that the virus was spreading from person to person so quickly and that places like classrooms and other places where large numbers of people met were perfect places for the virus to spread, it was already too late. One infected student would walk into the class who had caught it from his parent who had been infected at their job in the city and by the end of class every student was taking the virus home to pass unnoticeably to all the homes. Aside from the windows being broken the only other damage that Leo could see was the spray painted tagging that had been done to the building. He wasn't sure whether this was done before the outbreak or by the same kids who had broken the windows. Other then these few scars that were visible to Leo the building looked intact and without any other problem, of course this was just his first impression from the outside. 
Surveying the damage to the school, he felt that this would be a perfect place to have people meet, if there were still people that were able and wanted to meet. Using his lock picking skills once again, he was able to gain entry into the building. As he had done with the radio station he grabbed his supplies of flashlight and gun and made his way into the darkness. Schools aren't usually made with the intention to have people inside when there isn't power and so there aren't many windows along the long corridors of lockers and hallways. The darkness and silence was eerie. In a place that was the building block of the nation in that the recent great minds of the country all had to go to high school, the fact that the high schools of the world were now deserted was strange. Whether a person's time in high school was good or bad it is this time that usually defined them for the rest of their lives and now this place was empty most likely to never hold classes and mold the minds of children again. It was saddening to know that things would never be the same. Leo wondered if other people were on missions such as his. He wondered if people were out there now, trying to restore order and bring people together and in the processes reminiscing about the way things had been before this virus had hit. Or was it still too early for most to understand that things weren't going to magically come back to the way they had once been? Leo traversed the hallways with mild disbelief in how short of a time it had taken to take everything away. While these thoughts ran through the back of his mind he made sure to keep focused on the task at hand. There was of course still a chance that people around that had been infected and were out of their mind. This was the main reason that he kept his pistol with him at all time, he didn't want to be caught off guard by someone attacking him who thought they were only defending themselves from some unknown evil. After walking around the school with flashlight and pistol drawn he was fairly certain that there wasn't anyone inside the school. He didn't have the ability to canvass the whole campus and check every broom closet at this time but he hadn't heard anything and hadn't seen any signs that people had been inside since the school had locked its doors. So with the building secure, as far as he could tell, he went about finding out what the power situation for this building was.
As with the rest of the public buildings in this area the school had a generator of its own. When winters came with a harshness that caused trees to topple onto power lines the schools had to keep going and fight through the cold. The generator was in the back by the kitchen and turned over quickly as the radio station generator had. Above supplies, food, and shelter the people would want to come to someone who believed that everything was going to be alright. Leo wasn't sure if that person was him yet, but he liked the idea of being able to make people feel better and put their fears at ease, if only temporarily. That was all in the distant future though.
So far the whole journey into this new world had been fairly blessed, things seemed to be going really smooth for him considering his limited skill set. He wasn't sure if this was just a fluke or if the lack of other people to do things better than him had caused him to excel without the stress of failure. If he failed at any of his tasks there wasn't anyone to critique how or what he had done. There was nobody waiting to give him a grade on his accomplishments, nobody to clap in approval or laugh him into shame. He was free to experiment, to accept the fruits of trial and error and so far he had been doing pretty well. The last task that he had set for himself was to make some kind of sign for people if they did come to the school from the warning of the alarm or the persuasion of his radio announcement. He found the janitors closet, which was actually bigger than most of the classrooms, in a school this large it had to be. There were all sorts of different jobs that a janitor in a school is responsible for aside from just cleaning up messes. They also have to be the main maintenance individual, fixing everything from leaky faucets to minor electrical work to painting over graffiti. It was the paint buckets that were that same color as the school that Leo was currently interested in. He grabbed a five gallon bucket and a roller and made his way to the front of the school. On the cement just in front of the door he painted in large letters "Knock Loudly". Leo thought this would be the only message necessary at this point. The people who came here were looking for other people and this was a sign that someone else was here. 
  When Leo felt that he was all set and prepared for visitors he grabbed the supplies that were in the truck and transferred them inside the school. The last thing he wanted was for someone to come to the school looking for help and find it in a truck fully stocked with supplies ripe for the picking. He brought all of his stuff inside. Once the truck was unloaded he locked the door behind him so that the school was secure once again. He still wasn't sure what kind of people he was going to come across in making the call to anyone who was still alive to come over to the school, but he didn't want to take any chances. He had no idea where to set up his own personal base of operations, different areas of the school had different perks. After some debate with himself he chose to occupy the principal's office. He knew that this might be considered a seat of power at some point when there were enough people to form a power structure but at this point it was just the most comfortable room with the thickest carpet and therefore the most padding under his sleeping bag. 
  That night in the school was lonelier then he had expected. In his house he had been on his own but it had been a small area. A person could forget that there was nobody else out there in a small area, but being in a school that was used for large masses to come together to be educated, being all alone was almost too much to bear. The empty hallways were a reminder that the world had changed. When he had been keeping busy he had been consumed by the task at hand and his own survival. The thoughts of the billions of people that were surely dead from the virus that swept the world clean in just a few weeks was too much for anyone to contemplate. It wasn't his personal loss that weighed so heavily on him but more all that other people had lost in losing their loved ones and then their minds. Leo lay in his sleeping bag in the principal's office of the high school he had attended when he was younger and couldn't help but think of all the sadness that the world had gone through before its fall. It hadn't been a graceful death or a flailing death throw, the world had been shamed and embarrassed before it had been sentenced to death. Like a person still able to contemplate their own helplessness as others take care of them through loss of bodily functions and lost memories, humanity had watched itself as it deteriorated and eventually all but disappeared. These were thoughts that kept Leo awake staring at the ceiling in the office. Everything around him was haunting. There wouldn't be anyone making those little birds that bob up and down in water, there wouldn't be any more staplers made, nobody would renew the production of paper. All that was left behind was all that the people of this remaining world had to work with. Leo was still cautiously optimistic that there would be some renewing force that could bring the world back from the brink, but this was just childish hope that all people grasp at when they know the situation is bleak. The first night in the principal's office laying on the plush carpet of an administrator wondering if anyone would come to his beacon as sleep evaded him was the longest night he had since the outbreak. It was the wondering that was bugging him. If someone would answer his call or if he just knew that there was nobody out there, then he would have been fine, but the suspense of the issue and the great stakes involved proved too much. Every so often he would hear a creaking in the building and sit up at once wondering if it was someone knocking on the door. Sitting straight up in his bed waiting for a more consistent knock to show signs of life he waited, but there was never another. The building was just old and delighted in keeping Leo up and so he was kept awake the whole night. When the sun came up and shown through the large windows of the office Leo got up, more out of boredom than anything else. There didn't seem to be any reason to keep fortifying the school if nobody was going to be coming. So instead of seeing what other treasures might lay within the walls of the educational institution besides a safe place to sleep and a working generator he decided to go out for a drive around town and see if there was any movement. 
  Leo left a note on the door that he had gone looking for supplies and left the time that he had departed and when he was expected back. This way if someone did show up and found the place deserted they wouldn't be too disappointed and would probably wait for him to return. He got in the truck and turned on the radio to hear his signal still repeating as strongly as it had the first time he had heard it on the radio. As he drove he critiqued his own voice and message that he had given, just like anyone who hears themselves played back. He drove through town as if it was just a Sunday drive without a care in the world. For him there really wasn't, he didn't think he would be infected by the virus at this point and he had a safe place to stay with all kinds of supplies. There were only the occasional roadblocks that he had to get around from where someone had crashed their car or had just abandoned it to the street in search of a better mode of transportation. There were no signs of life around the town. There were plenty of signs of death. If people were hiding they were doing a good job. 
  When Leo got back to the high school there didn't seem to be anything out of place as he pulled up. He was a little disappointed that there wasn't at least one car waiting for his arrival. He would have liked to have known that his work at the radio station had paid off in some way and that there were other survivors that were coming together. With a sigh he picked the lock to the school again, he would really have to find a key or a better way of getting in and out and keeping the place secure. Once he had the door propped open he went back to the truck to grab the items he had taken with him on his trip. He leaned all the way into the cab of the truck to get the flashlight that had rolled off the seat onto the floor and when he stood back up is when he felt it. His head had backed right into the muzzle of a gun. This was something that he hadn't expected. Leo had never had a gun pointed at him with the possible intent to kill. His body immediately froze. He knew that any sudden movements would be the death of him, not necessarily out of commitment to killing, but more out of surprise and reflex.  
"Drop it." A strong voice of a woman came from behind the muzzle attached to his head. 
"It's just a flashlight." Leo answered without really thinking. 
"I said drop it!" The voice insisted and added emphasis by pushing the gun against his head. 
Leo dropped the flashlight and awaited further instructions. He didn't quite feel that it was time to spill his guts to the person behind him that it was he who had set up the radio transmission or that he was planning some form of community to start here at the high school. Instead he figured the person with the gun to his head should be the one to initiate conversation. 
"Who are you? What are you doing here?" The voice asked. Leo's initial instinct to keep quiet went out the window when the assertive voice of the gun asked him what he was doing. Immediately he ban to blubber about his intentions.
"My name is Leo. I was a student at the college. I am trying to find out if there are other survivors. I sent the message that is playing on the radio. I don't know if you heard it, but I am just trying to find other people." 
"Well you found other people. Now what?" The voice asked instantly. The woman pulled Leo's gun from the side holster he had been keeping it in.  
"Honestly I hadn't thought about much past this point. I do have food and the school seems to be fairly secure, I'm pretty sure it is safe." Leo answered her trying to keep a calm demeanor. He felt the pressure of the gun against his head lessen and then it was pulled completely away from him. "Can I turn around?" he asked finally.
"Yeah you can turn around, but slowly." The voice said. As he turned around what had only be a voice and pressure of a gun against the back of his head became a woman. She was no beauty queen, even of a town this small. She was average in all the places that people normally measure others. She looked to Leo as if she had been a housewife. He had no basis for this idea of what her previous life had been but it just seemed natural to think of her at home taking care of some kids and keeping a household moving. She had the sadness of someone who has lost a person that they deeply cared about. It was a look that Leo realized he was going to see on almost everyone that he met up with, now that the world was gone. Everyone had lost someone dear to them, those who survived were sure to be hollowed out of what had made them individuals. They would be depressed and without much hope, Leo was already wishing that he hadn't had the bright idea to bring these shells together and have them all meet with him in the high school. Eventually, he thought, they would get over their loss but until then he would most likely have to play the role of counselor to anyone who came his way. This was hard for Leo to handle, he was hoping for more of a strong force to be coming together, but instead he saw that as a subculture of survivors the people were sure to start out as piles of feelings. Bringing a few of these people together to all share in grief or anger could be a bad idea, but for now Leo was just happy to see someone else who could look back at him that wasn't the mocking image in the mirror that only reminded him he was alone. 
"Hello, my name is Leo. What is yours?" Leo asked the woman and gave her a genuine smile in hopes that it would lower her defenses a tad. She was still pointing the gun at him, but with a less aggressive stance than when she had been holding the gun against his turned head. She didn't really know what to think when Leo had turned around. He looked like a nice person, not like the villainous people that had ruled the streets in Madmax. Leo could tell that she didn't want to be too trusting too fast. She seemed like she was looking for someone to trust, someone to tell her that things were going to be alright and someone with skills that could help protect her, she just needed Leo to show her some compassion and understanding in her hesitation. "Ummm?.If you want to put down the gun we can go inside and talk or get some food or whatever."
"What do you mean by "or whatever"? Huh? Some of your buddies going to jump me as soon as I get in there?" She yelled accusingly. 
"What? No! I don't even have any buddies. You are the first one to come here. Hopefully you are the first of many, but the first nonetheless." Leo argued trying to calm her down and alleviate the fear that was showing. 
"How do I know what you are saying is true?" She asked. She seemed like she was on the edge of believing him but still needed some more convincing. For all she knew he was just an evil charmer who was able to talk his prey into the den that he had made of the high school. 
"You really don't. I can't think of any way to make you believe me other than to show you. I suggest we go inside, you can keep the gun set on me and we can look around the school and you can see that I am the only one there. I am scared too, but if we can't find trust in others then none of us are going to survive very long." He looked into her eyes for agreement and to attempt to show his sincerity. 
"Alright, I don't trust you yet. So you are going to walk in front of me and show me around the school. If there aren't any surprises, then I'll begin to trust you, but until then this gun will be pointed at you the whole time. Okay?" She conceded to his offer. She needed to find some kind of help, she didn't think she was strong enough to handle the situation of the world ending on her own. She had been hurt by mistrust before and she was still very hesitant, but this guy who stood in front of her seemed sincere and obviously had skills to survive in this type of world. 
"Can I at least know your name before we go inside?" Leo inquired. 
"Don't get shot on this little tour of yours and then I will tell you my name. I swear to god if I even feel like there is any bullshit going on I won't hesitate to shoot you in the back of the head. I have already had to kill three people since the outbreak happened and I am getting more and more used to it. You understand me?" She had to keep her defenses up and stay on guard, she was about to enter this guys home turf in hopes of a new friend while expecting an enemy. 
"That sounds fair. Hope I get to learn your name." Leo joked. He was nervous about having the gun pointed at him. He had been honest with her so he didn't have much to fear unless she decided to take this place from him. After all he had unwittingly set up the perfect ambush area. Sending out a distress call and sending people to a supposedly neutral location with many vantage points on the roof to watch approaching people would make for a great area to lure people towards. Once people were inside there was a maze of twisting hallways where around each corner armed men might be there to take the supplies and anything else they wanted from anyone foolish enough to listen to the radio broadcast. The idea of this possible ambush came to Leo as he was starting to walk into the school at which point he better understood her pensive and mistrusting attitude.
"So I have to pick the lock to get in and I lock it again when I leave. I haven't figured out a better method for coming and going as I just set up here yesterday. I don't really have any kind of set system or anything for how I hope things will go. I just figured there would be people out there that were scared and alone and I could maybe help with that."
"Why you? What made you think you could help anyone?" The woman asked Leo and the question immediately cut him. He hadn't really thought about what he could offer people or really even what they needed, he was just trying to bring the shards of the world back together. Her question seemed to imply that he wasn't good enough to be trying to help, that he should be hiding away somewhere himself awaiting rescue. 
"I don't know. It's not like I thought that I was going to be the leader of any people that make there way here. I just figured I could help them get in the same place and then as a group they could figure out a plan much better than everyone struggling on their own." Leo tried to explain to her. She didn't answer as they started into the building. Leo had left on some of the lights so that he wouldn't be stumbling through the building trying to find his way back to his cozy office bedroom. Walking through the hallways he pointed out where the cafeteria and where the gymnasium were and the different areas of lockers and classrooms. For having a gun to his back Leo was very calm in his tour of the facilities that he had confiscated for his own use. "?.And on your left you will see the dining facilities." He couldn't tell if she was amused by this relaxed demeanor or if it was just causing her to trust him less. The only thing that he did notice was that whenever they took a turn around a corner there was an audible sigh of relief coming from the woman as she realized there wasn't a trap just around the corner waiting for her. When the two made it back outside he asked, "Can I turn around now?" 
"Yeah" Again Leo saw that average look of a woman who was tired and depressed before any of the disastrous events of the world had even started. 
"Hello again. My name is Leo and you are?" Leo asked a bit jokingly with a grin as if he hadn't just been escorted through the high school at gun point. This brought forth a small smile, closer to a smirk on her face. 
"My name is Leah." She responded.
"Well Leah, it is nice to meet you." Leo extended his hand. Realizing she was still pointing the pistol at him. She lowered the weapon and offered her hand. And then she looked over his shoulder back towards the school.
"It's okay, you can come out now." She called to someone around the corner of the building. Out from the corner emerged a boy who was probably thirteen years old. The innocence of his face was well balanced by the large rifle in his hand; it was almost as tall as the boy. 
"Holy shit! Who is that?" Leo asked. 
"That is my little brother. He was there, just in case." 
"Little brother huh? What are the odds of two people in the same family surviving the disease that took out so many?" Leo went on.
"Well he isn't my biological brother, I found him in a nearby house all alone and so he became my brother." She explained. "I figure it was better than telling people that he was my son." She chuckled as she said this. It seemed like she knew that men would be more helpful and accommodating to a woman who had with her a little brother, more so then a woman who had a child to look after. It was a sad truth that this would most likely be the case in the event that she needed help from men in this new world.
"Does he know how to use that thing? 
"I have no idea. It was in his house when I came across him and so we took it with us. I showed him how to load, point and pull the trigger, but I'm not sure if he actually would if the need arose. I saw you drive away this morning. We had been watching the place to see if anyone was actually here. Then when you came back I told him to keep an eye out for anyone who tried to come inside after us who looked mean and to shoot you if it looked like you were hurting me."
"Wow that is some trust there. I am glad I didn't try to take your gun away or anything stupid." Leo told her.
"Me too." She answered and when the boy had made his way over to the two with his large rifle with the scope attached she went ahead and introduced the two. "Blake this is Leo. Leo this is Blake."
"Nice to meet you Blake." Leo offered his hand to shake. The boy looked up to Leah for approval and when she nodded that it was okay the boy shook hands with Leo and gave a smile.
"Would you like to go inside? I could show you around." Leo asked the boy. 
"Sure, I already know what its like in there. My brother went to school here a while ago. We used to come and watch him play basketball." Blake replied. To Leo the kid didn't look like a Blake at all. The kid was scrawny even for his age. The name Blake to Leo implied a jock of some kind, a lady's man, someone with charisma and arrogance who others would follow. This kid just didn't look like he had these traits, but perhaps he just hadn't grown into them yet. In any case Leo was happy to have some new companions with him where they all shared at least a modicum of trust between the three. 
"Great, well then maybe you can help me find some stuff in there. What do you think?" Leo asked in playful manner. 
"Yeah I can help." He excitedly answered. 
"Do you guys have any gear or anything that you need to bring inside with us?" Leo asked Leah. 
"Just a few things, not much really."
"Ok, well we can get that and then head in. I have some extra blankets and some other things if you guys need anything and we could go back out later and pick up anything else we need. "Sound good?" Leo told his new companions.
 When they were all in agreement the three grabbed the few things they had in the car, mostly snacks and bottled drinks and then went inside. Leo locked the door behind them just in case other visitors came knocking. When the three were safely inside with the supplies Leo showed them where he was staying and explained that it had the softest carpeting. When the door had locked behind them on the way in her nerves had become on edge and the hairs on the back of her neck all rose to attention, she was now trapped with a man that she didn't even know. They were welcome to stay with him in here until more people arrived if they wanted or they could find another room in the building that they found more comfortable. It was at this offering with the option to have a different room that Leah relaxed a bit more. She realized that if he was going to spring any kind of trap or if he had people in hiding somewhere they most likely would have jumped out in surprise already. With the offering of separate sleeping quarters and the appearance that Leo didn't expect anything in return for his hospitality, Leah felt at ease, and for the first time in weeks she was able to relax the muscles that had been tensed in anticipation for so long. Leah decided that with her little brother they would take an office just down the hallway from Leo's. She figured that she should keep some distance and privacy of her own while still staying close to the man she had just met, he just seemed like he was fairly prepared for a situation such as this and he did seem kind enough. 
  Leo helped the two set up their little office that didn't have quite as much padding in the floor as his, but was still nice and still had windows enough to make the room pleasant. The metal mesh reinforced windows gave them a sense of security. Leah and Leo moved the furniture in the office so that there was more floor space for Leah and her brother to stretch out when they decided to sleep. When all of Leah's belongings had been placed in the room it seemed like a nice tradeoff between cozy and secure. The three of them decided to go out into town before it got dark and see if they could find some more supplies. Leo still wasn't sure how long he would be staying here. There were just so many things up in the air at this point. He was still really surprised that his plan of bringing people together had actually started working this quickly. That it worked at all was more surprising. At least he knew that he wasn't alone and that was a comforting thought. Even if he had been fine with being on his own and going to see the sights of the world with the lines for such attractions now being a nonissue it still seemed like a great responsibility to be the last human alive.
Was Leo about to commit a crime against the world by simply going to see the world and not doing anything to try and bring it back from the destruction that had befallen it? Now that he knew other people were out in the world he knew that he wouldn't be able to just leave them behind and venture out on his own. He had proven to himself that he could bring some people together and that he was of value. 
  The three of them drove around town in Leo's truck driving by Walmart and Big 5 Sporting Goods and loaded up the truck with all sorts of items. Sleeping bags, flashlights, tents, survival knives, and all kinds of other useful necessities for a blossoming camp site all filled the bed of the truck. Neither Leo nor Leah was sure if more people would be coming at the beckoning of the radio station but they both figured it would be better to have supplies if more showed up rather then to have to go out every time a new person arrived for anything they might need to make it through the night in the high school. All the while Leah kept her pistol on her side, she still wasn't fully trusting of Leo but he hadn't disappointed her yet and so she was beginning to believe that he genuinely wanted to help those left behind in this world. Leo was only a secondary concern for her though; she still seemed jittery whenever coming around a corner in the store, as if she expected an ambush. She acted as someone who has learned from experience not to be caught off guard and so is always expecting the worst. To Leo this seemed like a hard way to go through life and he wondered what had brought about this kind of attitude in her. 
  Blake went running down the toy aisle as soon as they came into the stores. Leah agreed to let him have one thing from each store. In Walmart he decided that he wanted a skateboard and so he was allowed to carry it out the front door. At Big 5 he opted for something a little more fun in Leo's opinion, as well as a bit more practical. When Blake came around the corner holding the "toy" that he had chosen from this store Leo immediately smiled and laughed while Leah frowned and looked on disapprovingly. 
Blake stood fully assured in his choice. In his hand he held a crossbow that had multiple arrows mounted to it. In his other hand he held a quiver of arrows that was as full as the bag would hold. The smile on his face was priceless. The excitement of the toy/weapon was clear. 
"Yes! That is awesome!" Leo told the boy, not able to hold in his own excitement.
"I don't know. Are you sure that is what you want?" Leah asked him in a manner that was supposed to dissuade him from his choice.
 "Yeah I am sure. Isn't this great?" Blake asked the two of them. The crossbow and Leo's response seemed to have bridged any gap that the two of them might have had ,but Leah was still not sure that it was the best idea and just stood to the side as Leo rushed over to the boy.
"Yeah that is. Do you know how to use it? I used to have one kind of like it. I could show you how to us it, if you want, when we get back to the school." Leo offered.
"Really? Could you?" Blake asked, now even more excited. It looked as if he was about to jump up and down or explode with excitement. Leah couldn't help but concede to this type of warfare. The utter joy and giant smile on Blake's face was enough to win the argument without Leah even getting to say her side and so with a smile of consent she answered the boy.
"Okay, but you have to let Leo show you how to fire it and you have to be safe with it." Leah answered in a motherly tone.
"Oh I will, I promise. Thanks" With that the boy ran out to the truck to make sure that it got loaded. Leo and Leah continued to look around the store and loaded up all sorts of fun toys that Leo had only lusted after, but couldn't afford to buy with a sound conscience. Now, however, in a world where there were no price tags he was free to get the best compass, the water purifying system and all the other little toys he had wanted. The store only carried rifles and shot guns, but no hand guns and so he loaded up on what they had, just in case. It was always better to have too many weapons then not enough and before he left the store he made sure to load up with as much ammunition as the vehicle would allow. After all a full load of weapons is just a pile of metal and plastic without the right kind and right amount of ammunition to enable their abilities. Leo seemed almost as happy as Blake at some of the treasures that he was now able to afford at the low price of near extinction of the human race. 
  The next day there were no visitors, much to Leo and Leah's disappointment. Leo had assumed that as soon as one person found his little safe house people would come flooding in. This wasn't the case. That day the three of them spent exploring the school and trying to figure out if the water that was still running was safe to drink. In the end they decided that it was safe for showers but should be boiled or purified for safety and to conserve any bottled water they had for if and when the running water stopped. Leo wasn't sure what he was preparing for, but he did know that boredom led to arguments and in a world such as this, arguments could lead to murders and other crazed behavior and so he kept everyone busy including himself. 
  The next day while all three of the inhabitants of the school were hard at work there came a large pounding on the door that stopped all three of them immediately. That sound hadn't been heard by any of them yet and for a moment they were all dumbfounded as to what the sound was. When the noise came again, louder this time, recognition made its way to Leo. Someone was knocking on the front door and taking the advice of the note that had been left telling them to knock loudly. Leo, Leah and Blake all met up in the hallway with weapons in hand. Visitors were not expected and what lay outside that door was unknown and so there was no need to answer unprepared. Leah held a shotgun that had been picked up at the sporting goods store, Leo held onto his pistol that hadn't failed him yet and Blake wielded the crossbow. Leo had Blake trade out his crossbow for the rifle that he had trained on Leo during their first encounter. A rifle had more accuracy with the scope on it and brought more fear into the hearts of men with devious intentions then a child with a crossbow. When the three were fully equipped and ready for what was on the other side of the door they all stood in silence. Blake and Leah looked to Leo for the cue as to when he was going to open the door.  Another large knock came to the door and snapped them all out of their trance.
"Is anyone there? Hello?" A voice muffled by the metal door came into the school from the other side. Leo took his hand off the door when a vision of them popping through the door with weapons in hand probably not ending well for anyone involved flashed through his mind, and so he had only one option. 
"Hello. Yes we are in here. Who is out there?" Leo answered. 
"My name is Donovan. I am a priest and I have some people with me. We heard the broadcast on the radio." The man's voice told the trio. 
"If you have weapons I want you to put them down. Fair warning, we do have weapons and are not afraid to use them. If I see anyone going for a gun I have snipers trained on you all right now. I don't want this to end badly, but believe me I have no qualms about shooting you and leaving your body to whatever animals have taken to roaming the streets for meat." Leo instructed, he believed that a strong bluff was better than weak honesty any day and that the thought of sharp shooters would be enough of a deterrent for the people to lower their weapons and to keep the peace. 
"How do I know you aren't going to shoot us once you come out, or rob us of our supplies?" The man inquired.
"I could have already had you shot by now and taken whatever it is that you have. You heard my broadcast and came to the place that I instructed. You are just going to need a little more faith father." Leo responded.
"My faith is a little weakened by what I have seen recently, but okay. We will put our weapons down and I'll make sure that nobody does anything crazy. Come out so that we can talk face to face." 
"I am coming out, but know that there are people on the other side of this door if you try anything and manage to get past me there are still others that will make sure that your first step inside this building is your last." Leo continued. 
"Understood." Donovan answered in agreement. 
Leah held onto Leo's arm in hesitation. It was obvious that she didn't want him going out there and risk getting shot or something. He turned to her and in hushed voice he told her "I'll be right back. We have to trust in people."  He then pulled away from her and dashed out the door quickly and closed it behind him in case the man on the other side was waiting to try and over power Leo to get inside. Leo successfully made it outside with the door closed behind him and raised his gun to the man standing in front of the door. 
"Whoa." Donovan jumped in surprise and raised his hands immediately. "Look we don't know what to do or where to go. We heard your radio broadcast and thought there were others here. If it isn't alright for us to be here then we will keep moving. We aren't looking for trouble." Donovan spoke assured of himself but with fear in his voice at having a gun pointed at him. Over his shoulder Leo could see a church van full of people. They were all sitting with the van door open but they didn't look like a violent bunch. He couldn't even see any weapons among them. The only weapon that Leo did see was a pistol at the feet of the priest standing in front of him. 
"My name is Leo. Is there anyone else around that you aren't telling me about? Do you have any weapons or supplies in the van?" Leo asked. 
"No. It is just us. They started coming to the church and I did what I could to help them, but we didn't really know what to do. They are scared and don't feel safe, even in the church. I heard your call for people to come to the school and I decided it was probably better then what I was able to do at the church." Donovan explained. Leo looked the man over, he had kind eyes and seemed peaceful enough, but he wasn't sure if he was being blinded by the priest's collar and black outfit that the man was wearing. After all anyone could throw on those clothes and pass for a priest. Leo knew that he didn't have any snipers watching his position and that, should this man make it into the high school Leah and Blake wouldn't have much luck in defending themselves. In this world where the true number of survivors was unknown, Leo realized that humanity had to come together and it had to start with trust. Leah had trusted him when he had shown her around the school and he had trusted her when he had turned around and seen her plain features scared and pointing a gun that she had never fired. Beneath this fearful exterior there was a definite strength that sustained her. He had to make the first move and he hoped that it was the right move, an error in judgment now wouldn't just be a slap on the wrist but more likely it would bring an end to his life. Leo put the gun back in its holster and then held out his hand in an offering of friendship.  
"Hello, my name is Leo" He said again. Donovan responded in kind and held out his open hand and the men shook hands, each happy to have found someone else to lead the followers they had acquired. 
"My name is Donovan. It's nice to meet you." 
  In all there were five other people in the van. There was a woman, Betty, who seemed to keep to herself and another woman who's name nobody knew. There were twin girls, Maggie and Mary, and a boy named Oscar. The children seemed to be getting along well enough, as if they didn't really understand all that happened to the world around them. Father Donovan was by far the most able body of the bunch and he had laid down his weapon without a hesitation or back up plan so Leo didn't know what to make of the situation other than that this was a group of people in need of help. After meeting the whole group of church going survivors and making the judgment that they were of no threat and were in more need than the trio he had been a part of the night before, he knocked on the door and had Leah let everyone into the school. Donovan and Leo made the introductions. In Donovan's party there were two women in their forties and three children, a boy and twin girls. The boy was about Blake's age and the girls were a little younger. Every one of the adults had a face of disbelief at what they had seen when the world had begun to end. They all looked like they were still in shock after events and situations that each of them had been forced to deal with in order to survive. Behind the fear, behind the restlessness of being stationary and on the other side of just wanting to be safe there was something else. There was something standing in the shadows of the grief in what had happened, to Leo it looked like guilt. In each of their eyes there was that look that they had done something each was not proud of. It seemed that survivors didn't come with clean hands to this new world of limited people. During the introductions there was very little eye contact and only quick glances of acknowledgment between people when their names were announced. Leo took them all on a tour of the facility and showed them the supplies that the trio had acquired the day before. Leo had taken care to hide the weapons in his own room/principal's office. Trusting individuals was one thing; giving them means to take everything away from Leo with the sharing of firearms was something else. While Donovan did seem the strongest and most well adjusted of the group Leo still wasn't able to just drop everything and trust the man, not without some proof of trustworthiness first. Leo did have to explain to Donovan that there hadn't been any snipers pointed at his position when he was outside and in fact it was only the three of them inhabiting this whole school. To say that Donovan was let down by this news would be an understatement. He had enjoyed the idea of snipers being posted on towers ensuring the safety of the people within these walls, but he did find some reassurance that Leo had been able to bluff his way through the situation and lead the two groups into a peaceful union.  
  Leo and Donovan helped the group make use of the extra sleeping bags and offices with locks on the doors to disburse the group into their own personal living quarters. Leo wasn't sure if his job had become a host or if he was supposed to take on more of a role of warden. With these new people here he wasn't even sure if he was the leader of the bunch or if Donovan had taken that title by bringing in more people. When everyone else had gone into their rooms for the night Donovan came to Leo's room and asked if they could talk for a bit. Leo didn't want to give the layout of his room to someone he still wasn't totally sure of and so he suggested that they go down to the cafeteria for some drinks and they could talk there. The two went to the cafeteria and opened a bottle of vodka that Leo had picked up on one of his outings. While Leo wasn't a big drinker, he was sure either a situation of loss or mourning would call for alcohol to console someone in the school. The alcohol would also be a good ice breaker in a situation such as this. The two men each took of swig from the bottle and then Leo grabbed some soda and made some mixed drinks for the two of them. Each man had their pistols with them, still not sure what the situation was here, but both wanted to believe that they could trust the other. When the drinks had been poured and Leo handed one to Donovan. Donovan began the conversation with an honesty that Leo hadn't expected so abruptly. 
"I think that we need to start off with honesty. If we start by lying to one another we are never going to have any kind of community here. First off let me say that I have no intention of trying to come in here and take over. You seem to be doing a great job getting things done and making a good effort at getting people together."
"Thank you." Leo answered.
"You have already done more than you think. You have given people hope. They will hear your broadcast and know that they aren't alone. I am sure that there are lots of people out there just too afraid to go outside because they don't know what is out there or if anyone can help or even has a plan." Donovan continued.
"I don't really have a plan. I just figured someone with a plan would come to us." 
"Ha ha, I'm not sure if that is going to happen. We might have to come up with something ourselves. Not necessarily anytime soon as I think people will continue to trickle in for a while." Donovan explained to Leo.
"Well we will just have to see how things go and I think with more people here we will have more ideas coming in and if someone has a better idea than staying locked up in the school I am all for hearing it." Leo went on. 
"I think safety and numbers are just what people need right now." Then there was a pause between the two as each thought about what would possibly happen next. If they were going to colonize the town again or if there was another destination for the people who arrived here, these were questions each thought of simultaneously and kept to themselves. "The other thing that I wanted to tell you straight up is that I am not a priest."
"What do you mean you aren't a priest?" Leo asked in surprise.
"It just sort of happened. I didn't mean to lie to people, they?..I?.I just sort of got carried away and couldn't really go back. My best friend was my local priest and when he died and others started falling under the spell of the virus I had the same idea you did. I thought people would need a place to go, they would be looking to people in power for answers and someone to lead them out of the destruction. I went to the church and looked around where my friend had stayed. In his office I saw the black outfit and the collar and put it on. It seemed like fate that as soon as I was suited up as a priest the door opened and people came in. Sure enough they were looking for answers in the house of god and they needed help. I did all that I could to help them and tell them that everything was going to be alright. Its funny how in an emergency there is no proof necessary for people in power and for a priest it is even easier. The collar is all the credentials that people need to see before baring their soul and trusting in the wisdom of someone who has denied themselves many of life's most influential experiences." Donovan explained. 
"But why not tell them after they had been brought to safety? Why keep lying to them? Leo asked.
"I wasn't trying to trick the people who came to me. I wasn't trying to take advantage of their situations or their fear, but I'm sure that is how they would see it if I told them that I wasn't really a priest. I figured someone from my friends flock would come and recognize me and call me on my lies, but it never happened. Some of them have told me horrible secrets about what they had to do to survive this long and they would feel betrayed if they had told someone these things under false pretenses. If they find out now they will never trust me. I made a promise to myself to never divulge their secrets to anyone and to keep them to myself just as a priest would. What exactly is a priest but someone who listens to other's problems and tells them that things are going to be alright and makes them feel better with advice and biblical references? In our current situation they don't even need the references, they just want to talk to someone in all honesty, who won't look down on them or judge them for what they have done to make it this far. 
"Alright that sounds fair. I have two conditions in order for me to go along with this. First of all I am going to tell Leah and I don't want you posing as a priest to either her or the boy. They both seem like they have been through an ordeal already and don't need their trust misplaced again. Secondly if I ever find out that you are misusing the trust that these people have given you or extorting anything from them with their secrets at your disposal I will throw you out of this sanctuary and shoot you in the back myself. What we need now is to build a trust between each other and you posing as a priest does not start us off on the right foot, but having a spiritual person to go to might help people feel more at ease. From this point on if you choose not to tell the people that you have brought here that you are not a priest then you must actually become a priest. What that means is that you can't be listening to someone's confession one minute and then getting sloppy drunk or making out in the hallway with someone the next. You are going to have to take on the lifestyle of a priest. If their trust is worth enough to you to take on this responsibility I commend you, if it isn't then I need you to tell them tomorrow. I realize this is a lot to ask of you, but the people are fragile right now and can't be getting mixed messages as to who to trust and who is using them. I will give you until the morning to decide, in either case a decision must be made and it is yours alone to make. Do you think you can make that decision and live by it?" Leo asked of Donovan in a serious tone that he didn't know he was capable of. 
"That sounds fair." Donovan answered and turned to walk out of the office. He then turned and looked back at Leo. "I am glad that we came here. You seem like you will do a good job leading people, and keeping them safe, while looking out for their best interests and not just your own." Then Donovan turned and left to walk the halls for a while and to think over the decision before him. He wasn't sure if he wanted to make this kind of commitment to his lie or if this really was the best option. All sorts of scenarios went through his mind as he walked around the school, what if he met a woman in this new wasteland, would he be able to keep up the guise of priest? What if another priest came to the call of the radio broadcast? What if someone from Dan's parishioners showed up and recognized him for who he was? He walked the halls all night seriously considering what he was doing. Dan had said that the life of a priest is something that called to them and it just felt right. Donovan had never heard of a priest where it had all been started with a lie of compassion. When the sun shone through the windows of the school Donovan had made his decision and was content with what he had decided. 
  Donovan had left Leo in his own state of contemplation when he had commended Leo for his ability to lead and to watch out for those that were now following. Leo had still assumed that someone more qualified would show up and know just how to rouse the troops into following into the depths of hell. Perhaps Leo was that man, not through fear or admiration but out of logic, being prepared and through example. Whether this was going to be the case Leo knew that he would have to make the same sort of decisions that he had given Donovan to think about. If he was going to be a leader to these people and possibly the many more to come he would have to make that decision now. If he waivered at all through the course of people arriving he would only confuse them and leave them without anyone to lead. If he decided to lead and then left as he had planned the people would feel betrayed and alone when he left. It would have to be tomorrow that he decided to take on this role or hand the title over. 
  The remaining people, kept safe in the school, felt secure and like they were already rebuilding the communities that each of them had left. Many of them were able to sleep soundly that night for the first time in many days. 
  The next day the group of people that had come together were already falling into a community. Leo and Donovan had come to terms with situations that they had been wrestling with. Leo had decided that until someone did arrive that was more suited to lead that he had to quit pretending that he wasn't the leader of this little troupe and just accept the responsibility that he had brought upon himself in sending that radio transmission. When Donovan had come down to the cafeteria, which had subconsciously become the meeting place of all the individuals within the school, wearing his black outfit with the collar firmly in place Leo knew that he had made the decision and he was glad he had. Even though Leo himself wasn't a firm believer in the afterlife or people walking on water or any of the thousands of incredible beliefs that many people had taken on, he understood that people liked to hope and to feel like they weren't as insignificant as they knew they were. It would be good for the people to have a priest in their midst and Leo didn't mind that there was now someone else who was supposed to have answers. Leo smiled to Donovan when he came into the cafeteria in acknowledgement of the decision that had been made, even with the conditions that Leo had laid out. Leo felt pretty good about the way he had handled the situation without fear and setting ground rules instead of requesting action on Donovan's behalf he had told him what the options were and Donovan had abided by the rules for fear of being expelled from their little bit of safety. 
  They made breakfast out of powdered eggs and canned vegetables. When the meal was prepared and plated everyone, including Leo waited for Donovan to give his first blessing over the food in what was to be their new home.  
 "Let us hold hands and give thanks." Everyone did as he said and took the hands of the people next to them. "Thank you lord for the food we are about receive. Thank you for the safety, good company and the strength to perceiver in the wake of such trying events. Through our trust in you and one another we will stay strong. Amen" the group responded in turn with their own "Amen". Donovan didn't think it was too bad of a morning prayer considering the situation. Leo gave him a nod of agreement that the prayer was nice enough to make those believers feel good about his credentials but not so long and dragged out as to cause the eggs and coffee to get cold. The rest of the table also acknowledged their gratitude for the swiftness and conciseness of the prayer by smiling or patting him on the back. When the ritual thanking of the deity was completed everyone served themselves. There was silence at the table while people enjoyed the meal that had been made. It was a silence of gratitude and comfort. For most it was the first meal in this place that now served as a refuge and definitely had more comforting amenities then the church they had come from.
  When everyone was done with the meal there was a still silence at the table. People knew that once they started talking that feeling of safety, of being put at ease with coffee and eggs, would disappear as talks of tasks at hand would bring people back to reality. They all just sat around the table smiling at one another. Blake and Leah removed the dishes and put them in the kitchen and then came back to the table. Everyone knew that this was the time to talk while they were all here instead of having to gather everyone again, but it had been such a nice morning so far nobody wanted to ruin it with talk of what had happened and what was yet to come. 
  Finally Leo had to take the initiative and shatter the calm bubble that was surrounding their little table. "Alright I guess we need to talk about what the next moves are. I'm really sorry that this isn't a nice Sunday morning where we all go into the living room and watch TV together, but there are many things that need to be taken care of and we will all have a part to play." Leo felt bad for breaking the mood in such a direct way, but it wouldn't pay to pretend as if everything was alright and let everyone get too comfortable. "First of all we all kind of met last night, but let me introduce myself again. My name is Leo. I sent out the radio broadcast that brought you all here. I am really just trying to figure out what our best option for survival is while holding onto some small sliver of the world we used to have. This isn't MY school, but I have tried to make it a place where people can come to feel safe and I will protect that as best as I can." The people still sitting around the table seemed to take what he was saying so far really well. Everyone still seemed calm and as if they felt they were in good hands with Leo leading. It didn't need to be said that he was their spokesman and leader because it had been he who had brought them together and so far things had been good. When things are going well nobody wants to change the leadership, but when things go wrong is when challenges and accusations make themselves known. "Before I go on does anyone have anything they would like to say? Anything about themselves that we as a group should know? There is going to be plenty of time to get to know one another as well as the people who are still out there who will continue to come funneling in, there is also going to be a lot of work and we all need to do our part." There was only silence as answer. "Now I am not entirely sure what to expect from this new world and so I want to try and be as prepared as we can. Whether there are only people out there who are scared and in need of help or if there are more groups such as ours, or even if there are more sinister elements I can't be sure. I do believe that we need to try and trust anyone that should happen upon us. That being said I would also like to be prepared in the event of some kind of outside threat. Is that agreeable to everyone?" They all muttered in agreement that this was fine and kept small smiles on their faces in acknowledgement that they liked that protection from unknown threats was being taken into account. "Even though we aren't strong in numbers yet, we are some of the first survivors to come together I believe, and this makes us special. We have chosen to trust one another and to make a community of our own. Some of the things that I would like to do in the coming days are to go out into town again and see what other supplies we can find. While we aren't short on space having this whole school to ourselves does spread us thin and leave us a little vulnerable. I would like to fortify this place a little better, as well as stocking up the radio station with enough fuel so that it continues to run and send out a message. I believe that sending out that message will bring in more people and thereby strengthen what we have here. If anyone feels that the message should say something different or be phrased in a different way please let me know. When I recorded it I was in kind of a hurry and it was a spur of the moment thing and possibly not as well thought out as a beacon should be. 
  Some things around here that I would like to do is to have the kitchen situation checked out and maybe see what kind of supplies we could use if we can find them. Another task might be to actually look around the whole school, in every closet and every back room and see what kind of supplies we might already have within these walls. Does that sound alright to everyone here?" 
  There weren't any objections to the plans thus far, but in all honesty Leo didn't have much of a plan and he knew it. Once the work, which was really just meant to keep people busy was done, he had no idea what they were going to do. The idea of continuing to live in the school on the floor in sleeping bags going out to scavenge the city for supplies didn't seem very realistic. They were going to have to do something else. Whether this was finding a more comfortable location or even moving on to another town to find more survivors in a better situation, either way there would have to be further action once this place was secure. Before Leo adjurned the mock meeting of the inhabitants of the school he asked the younger kids to listen to the radio and see if there were any other signals being broadcast on the radio waves. After all he didn't want to get too caught up with their little transmission and founding of a school for survivors that they didn't realize that there were bigger organizations out there recruiting. With the day planned out, as far as whom was going to do what, Leo left the table with the last words of "Well let's all have a good day." 
  Despite all the preparation that Leo went through to ensure the safety of the new comers as well as Leah and Blake the day went on without incident. There wasn't any coup inside the high school to try and seize control. There wasn't any foreign attack from passer bys who wanted whatever resources the school had to offer. When Leo returned and found that all of the tasks that he had left for the people who had stayed behind had been completed and the place seemed to be running in harmony he was a little disappointed at first. He had taken precautions and had somewhat expected that on their first day together there would be some form of disaster. The fact that things were going so smoothly and people apparently believed in the orders he had issued this morning only strengthened the idea that he had done the right thing in taking the role of leader. If something had gone wrong today he could have comfortably stepped back justified in the thought that he was unfit to lead, but given today's events he was showing that he was the right man for the job. Although he had committed to this position it still worried him to have the decisions fall to him and the fate of these people rested in the choices that he made. He could only imagine what that feeling would be like if more people continued to come to the school. They would all come looking for answers and not all of them would be as kind and as willing to do their share as the people who had made today a success in the school. What would he do with those that got out of line or challenged his role of captain? Did he really have the power to dispense punishments and tasks that people didn't necessarily want to do? What was the course of action should people refuse? Thoughts such as these nagged at him through the evening and the dinner where everyone sat together once again.
  Having multiple children together made the atmosphere of the whole school much more jovial. There was joking and hushed secrets among the children. When it had just been Blake here in the school he had been expected to conduct himself as an adult and so he had. Now that there were more children he was not expected to keep the same standard as the adults but was allowed to behave more as his age dictated. While the boy did enjoy himself with the other children it seemed as if he had already had his taste of adulthood and there wasn't any going back from that. Blake had made his decision to be a man and a boy no longer, but it was impossible for a boy of his age to completely drop the cravings of friends his own age and so he played but with a reserved sense. He didn't play with the same unabashed innocence that the others did. Leo wasn't sure if this was just the boy growing up or it was what had happened to Leah and he before they had found this place. Leo had tried to ask Leah about their time between the end of the world and now, but she had refused to talk about it and had become very agitated and so Leo had dropped the subject. He figured if she ever wanted to talk about their time during those weeks where survival was not a foregone conclusion she would come to him and that he should leave the situation alone until that time. 

CHAPTER 15: The Other Side of the Coin

  As a community, things seemed to progress very rapidly in the way of forming their group. People were finding their places fairly easily and nobody was against doing their share of work to help in any way they were asked. It was a full week before their little group was disturbed again. Everyone had been slowly losing faith that more people were coming. Still they were all happy to have one another as company. By now the school was somewhat of a fortress and impervious to most obvious attacks. Leo hadn't been sure if he was just being paranoid and that any survivor in this new wasteland would surely want to join with other people, but he had seen the possibilities of being unprepared on countless movie screens. The people that were with him hadn't seen these same movies of invasion and slavery, but they had been tainted by the things they had seen through their survival and so were still living in fear. Reinforcing windows and gathering supplies seemed perfectly normal to a group that was afraid and didn't know what the next day would bring, but together and keeping busy with tasks, they became a cohesive group much closer to family then week old strangers. All of them wanted to forget what they had seen. They all dreaded going with Leo on outings for supplies because then they couldn't shield themselves from the death that was all around the town. Even though it had been weeks since the last person had died from the virus the smell of death was still heavy in the air. A smog of rotting humans hung in the air and when people went with Leo they were confronted with the many sources of this cloud. It wasn't uncommon for them to vomit as soon as they were out of the truck and face to face with a decomposing corpse laid out across the street. Leo did what he could to help in these situations, he found himself strangely unaffected by all that surrounded him. The only thing he could think was perhaps the videogames had desensitized him to death and rotting bodies in the streets. 
  It was early evening and still light outside when the group was interrupted while eating dinner by a loud pounding at the door. The first rapping only caused the group to freeze where they were in anticipation of another. Some held the spoons in their mouths while others looked directly ahead, afraid to move. They were frozen in fear that they might break the spell of this dream that help had come to them. What the group didn't say, Leo saw in their eyes. The hopeful gleam that a rescue was here to take them all away to nicer accommodations where the rest of the survivors were waiting was seen in almost all of them. Leo noticed that this happiness without a word was not shared by Leah; she looked on in horror as if the knocking at the door had been the end of her world. He saw in her eyes a fear that he hadn't seen in her before. She had only allowed him to see the strength, never the weakness. 
  The second knocking at the door snapped them all out of their trances and sent them scattering. Leo had set up practice drills and assigned each individual a task for a situation such as this. At that second knocking they had been snapped back to reality and remembered their training and drills they had run. They all ran to get their weapons and man the stations that had been set up for them. Leo, Leah and Donovan all grabbed their gear and headed to the front door where the pounding was coming from and the only door that hadn't been barricaded against forced entry, but still had a deadbolt for some extra support. Leo had put a peephole in the full metal door so that he would be able to see who approached the door and now he looked through it and saw what he had expected and preparing for this whole time. On the other side of the fish eyed lens, distorting the distance of people on the other side of door Leo saw a group of five men standing just outside the door and behind them multiple vehicles with people inside them. He couldn't count how many people were in the vehicles, but it wasn't them that he was worried about now. What warranted his immediate attention was that on the other side of the door there wasn't a priest garnishing his black outfit with a peaceful white collar or a woman with a child to protect but five men each with weapons. It was hard to see, but Leo was fairly sure these people weren't with a government agency of military officials sent to help those in need, these looked like men who had gone on hunting trips together. They looked like the kind of men who would love what the world had become and were taking this opportunity to seize control and assert their dominance. They looked like the kind of men who drove trucks like the one Leo had taken from his neighbor. This was the situation that he had made the others run the drills for, this was why he made sure that everyone could fire a weapon, this is why he had taken so many precautions. Part of him was thankful that he had been paranoid, but part of him was disappointed in humanity for not being able to see the situation of the world and see the need to come together but instead seemed to be inflicting the will of the strongest and most well equipped on those less inclined. 
  Leo knew what he had to do. The first procedure in the operation of opening the door was to see what these men wanted. If they would just pass by without incident he would be fine with that. If, however they wanted entry into his school they were going to have to prove that they didn't mean any harm and that they deserved to come inside. Leo wished that he was able to get a better look at the men who stood before his door as well as the people held back in the vehicles behind the men. First contact was what had to happen now. With his eye still held to the peephole and everyone in the school keeping totally silent as not to alert the men to their presence or their numbers Leo called through the door "Hello?" On the other side of the door he saw the men jump, startled, it looked as if they hadn't expected to actually find anyone here. With their startled attention came the attention of their weapons as well. The five men on the other side of the door all jumped and brought their guns pointing directly towards the door. 
"Who's there?" The man closest to the door called back. There was a hint of fear laced in with the aggression and demand in his voice. This one appeared to be the leader in the way that he answered Leo's call and wasn't reprimanded by any of the other four weapon carrying individuals. 
"My name is Leo. What do you want?" 
"We heard your radio broadcast and we figured it would be best for any survivors to join together. By the sound of your broadcast it seemed like you were thinking the same thing." The man answered. 
"If that is the case why are you guys all armed?" Leo asked the man.
"Same reason that I'm sure you have weapons. In a world like this how do you trust anyone?" The man paused as he allowed Leo to think this over. "My name is Raphael. I was in the National Guard for a while and so when shit started getting crazy around here I decided that I needed to get whatever weapons we could find and try and get some people together to establish some kind of order once the chaos broke out." 
This all sounded pretty reasonable to Leo who had basically had the same thoughts about what to do and how to protect himself and others, but he didn't believe the man. Through the lens of the peephole the bunch looked a little too rugged to just be trying to survive. They looked like mercenaries who had found themselves as the best equipped in a dying world of people they had been jealous of or hated for going to fancy schools and having jobs where they were required to wear suits. In any case it didn't matter. These men looked like they were prepared and well equipped and might be an asset to the school if they were what they appeared to be. Leo still couldn't see how many people were in the vehicles behind the men and felt ill equipped to make decisions as to whether or not to let them in to the homemade bunker of the high school. Leo believed that there had to be some trust in this world, he was still hoping that things would work out and that there would once again be a government and officials to carry his voice to those that enforce that voice. If these men got into the school and were allowed to keep their weapons they looked like they would be able to overthrow everything that Leo had been working for with great ease. If however, he denied them entry what were the chances that they would just go away, after being denied access to this fortress. Would they be more inclined to attempt to burn the school down than to be told that they weren't allowed in? Leo had no idea the character of these men, but he had to find out what their intentions were. Maybe they would turn out to be like Donovan and just have vehicles full of helpless people of whom they were protecting by keeping them away from the school and out of harm's way. Leo wished he didn't have to go and see for himself the souls of these men outside, but he didn't want the responsibility of sending out anyone else and so it was up to him. 
"I am going to come out alright? I only have a pistol with me and ask that you all put down your weapons before I come out." Leo called through the door.
"I can't do that. If you are coming out with a weapon then I need to have my own. I can't afford to be caught off guard, there are too many people relying on me not to make a mistake. I will make this deal with you though. I will have all of the other men here, that you no doubt can see, put down their weapons and I will be the only one out here armed. Does that sound fair Leo?" Raphael asked. 
"Ok that sounds fair. I am going to come out." Leo answered. 
"Don't go out there." Leah whispered to Leo. While she had only been able to see two of the men through the peephole and when she looked she wasn't able to see their leader whose voice was coming through the door, she still had a bad feeling about the situation.
"Look at those guys, they don't exactly look friendly." Donovan added. 
"Well neither do we really. We call people here with a radio transmission of hope and when they get here they find a fortified concrete wall with steel doors closed off to the world. What if I hadn't gone out to talk to you when you showed up?" Leo asked Donovan. After a brief silence of contemplations where Donovan realized that just as large a chance had been taken in coming out to meet him Donovan agreed that a chance at trust must be taken. 
"Okay! Coming out now! Tell your friends to put down their weapons!" Leo called and watched through the peephole as the man he had been talking to motioned for the four others to put their guns down. They all obeyed without a word. When Leo was sure that the others had all put down their weapons and only their leader still held onto his, he opened the door slowly and slipped through the small opening and made it outside. In front of him he was now faced with five men who all looked far more weathered than anyone still inside the school at this time. If these men were to be allowed inside Leo was pretty sure that they would try some kind of takeover of the facility fairly quickly. They just didn't look like the kind of guys who wanted to take orders or work as a group to better the conditions of the people living under one roof. 
"Hello, Raphael?" Leo asked as if he hadn't been looking through the peephole and had seen who was speaking when the door separated the two. 
"Yeah, and you are Leo?" Raphael answered. 
"Yes I am Leo. We could definitely use more well armed men to protect the people inside from anyone who might try to take what we have built here." Leo was choosing his words carefully. He made sure to imply that there were already strong armed people inside and that it wasn't just a community for the weak that had shown up for help from the circumstances surrounding them. "What are your caravan's plans?" Leo asked deciding that the time to play coy while each of them sized up the other was just a waste of time and that they needed to get to the heart of the situation. "Are you just passing through on your way somewhere else where there might be more people? Are you looking for help and wishing to join with the people here?" Leo continued giving some more indication of the kind of answers he was looking for from Raphael. 
"I am not sure yet. We have people in the vehicles who would most likely want to stay and I haven't heard of any other large groups of people, travelling or otherwise. What kind of system and supplies do you have inside there? I am trying to lead these people to safety, but I don't want to just drop them off on someone who doesn't have the ability to support a large group or the inclination to take on other survivors. Personally, if I can find a place to bring people who are in need I would like to continue going out into the towns and the cities and trying to find more survivors." Raphael explained to Leo. He seemed to be telling Leo exactly what he wanted to hear. The idea of a sort of search party that went out and found survivors who couldn't make it here on their own was an intriguing one. Leo just couldn't shake the feeling that these guys seemed way too well equipped and toughened by the world to be just good Samaritans looking to help wherever they could. To Leo they looked like they could make their own little fortress in this world and protect it against all threats both foreign and domestic. Maybe they just didn't feel like going through the trouble of establishing a base of operations or having to deal with the people once they had been rescued from their own fear. Perhaps they just like the thrill or the recognition for being the saviors, the ones who actually brought people to safety as opposed to the ones who take care of the mundane tasks of having to secure food, water and heat on a daily basis.  
"Well how about I allow you to come in and get a tour of what we have set up so far and then we can go from there and you can see what you would like to do? I can send out some people with some food and some water if your men or the people in the trucks need." 
"Alright, I'd like that. We could use some water. We have been driving most the day. Thank you." Raphael extended his hand to shake with Leo. Just as the men's hands clasped, from within Leo's pocket, came the sound of his walkie talkie. 
"Leo come back inside. Armstrong needs help." 

  Inside the school people had been disbursed around the building to oversee the meeting that was going on outside. Hiding in the windows facing towards where the band of men stood and where their vehicles were parked the people inside observed. Each of them had a weapon of some kind acting as snipers hidden in the darkened windows looking down on the men. When Leo had decided to go outside it was Blake who had started looking at the vehicles through his scope, more out of curiosity then out of some instinct. As Leo walked over to the man Blake saw the people in the vehicles. They didn't look too happy. It seemed like there were only women and children in the vehicles. Besides the five men talking to Leo, Blake didn't see any other men with the vehicles. The people in the vehicles had a look of fear and were a little roughed up. This was to be expected since some of them might have come from collapsed buildings or rough times in the city. Blake scanned all the vehicles and thought it was a little strange that all the people inside the vehicles looked sad and most were looking down at their laps. When one of the women in the vehicles finally raised her hands Blake was able to see through his scope that her hands had been tied up. Maybe she was crazy from the virus or just at the loss of her family, but Blake had thought that he should tell Leah what he saw, just so she knew. Blake had a walkie talkie next to him that he immediately picked up and started telling Leah what he had seen. This set of walkie talkies was on a different station then the one that Leo had in his pocket when he had gone outside to talk to the men so that communication could be had within the building without those outside hearing. As soon as Blake told Leah about what he had seen through his scope she picked up the other walkie talkie that was set to the station matching the one in Leo's pocket. In their previous training for what to do should more people arrive they had gone through all sorts of scenarios and one of them had been if Leo needed to come back inside because there was a threat of some kind. Leo had remembered a time when he had been in the hospital visiting his aunt and had seen the list of possible calls made over the PA system to give coded instructions to people. There were such things as a code red in case there was a fire, code blue for breathing problem of some kind and a call for a doctor Armstrong if a patient was out of hand and needed to be strong armed back to their room or bed. It had been agreed that a call for Armstrong meant that there was a physical force that he needed to get away from and needed to get back inside as quick as possible. 
  When Leo heard the words spoken to him by Leah over the radio though, there was a moment of disbelief. Maybe she had misspoken and had given the wrong code or something. His mind snapped back into action and recalled all the times that Leah had made a mistake in a situation of importance and came up with a blank and so he came to the conclusion that he better take the code for what it had been. His pupils dilated as he looked at Raphael with the words coming from his pocket. What hadn't been rehearsed on Leo's part was how he would get away from a threat such as this. It had been of a precautionary step and not so much something that would actually be needed, but here he was. The code had been given over the radio and it was just him with these five men, four of them with weapons on the ground and one just in front of him still with weapon in hand. Leo decided to do what he could to get back inside where he was safe with as little trouble as possible. Raphael had seen how Leo's body had tensed when he had heard the message over the radio and how his pupils had shrunk to the size of pinheads. Raphael knew that the man had been given a signal and that his plan had been blown, but he let Leo continue to think that he had the upper hand. Raphael had a much better poker face then Leo.
"I better check on that. I will be right back okay, and then we can go inside for the tour. I just need to see what they need me inside for." Leo was obviously shaken as he tried to talk to the man with his weapons still at his side. 
"Okay that is fine, I'll just wait here until you come back out alright?" Raphael answered.
Leo turned and started to walk back to the door but as soon as he had turned around he felt the forearm of Raphael wrap around his neck and pull him back against Raphael's body. Leo flailed in surprise trying to bring his gun up and help free him from the situation. Before he could use the gun or even get it in a position where it could be used as a bluff Raphael grabbed Leo's hand and pinned it in place and twisted it behind Leo's back until he dropped the gun in pain. Instantly Leo had been transformed from an ambassador of peace here to negotiate the terms for entry into his little sovereign community to just a hostage in a scenario that he hadn't expected. As soon as this action had been taken on the part of Raphael both sides of the situation responded. Raphael's men reacted by picking up their weapons and going into a stance of readiness for whatever may come. Leo's group of individuals, made up mostly of women and children, who had only begun to have weapons as a part of their lives all froze and not a breath was exhaled for a moment as the situation unfolded to them. Leah watched through the peephole and realized that action had to be taken quickly in order for Leo to make it back on this side of the door safely. Meanwhile Leo tried to work on his captors from the position of hostage. 
"What the hell are you doing? We didn't do anything to you. Why are you holding a gun to me?" Leo tried to ask. 
"Shut up. All this nice bullshit about trying to make a community and allow people to live together and each take their share of the responsibility is such bullshit. I wish you people would just give it up. Those days are over. It is now the person that takes what they want that is going to get it. The rest of you are just cattle." Raphael twisted Leo's arm further to insist on his point. "Whoever is in there you better come out now or we will kill your friend here." 
"Let him go now!" Leah's voice came from the walkie talkie still in Leo's pocket.
"Oh, we have a tough chick in there huh?" Raphael asked and the four other men all laughed as they were expected to. Leo decided that he had to take a more aggressive position in this scenario otherwise not only was he going to be killed, but the people inside were going to be slaughtered and all the work they had done would be for naught. 
"Look you think we are just a bunch of bitches in there right?" Leo asked. 
"Uh yeah." Raphael answered sarcastically in agreement.
"Well I'll have you know that I have snipers in position just in case you tried any of this right here. I didn't want to have to resort to this but if you don't let me go they will shoot you down without any hesitation." Leo was glad that his bluff with Donovan about the snipers in position had forced him to actually put people in positions to be able to shoot any hostile force, should the situation arise. 
"Bullshit. I think you have maybe two or three people in there that don't have shit in the way of firepower or balls. They aren't going to shoot anyone." Raphael spoke with a confidence of a person who understood the psychology of someone in Leo's position. Raphael assumed that Leo was grasping at straws trying to find any way to get out of the hands of a man with a gun to his back. 
"You really aren't leaving them any choice you know." Leo pleaded with Raphael to let him go, for the safety for his own men. 
"Hey you need to shut up. I don't have time for?." Raphael's words were stopped short when almost simultaneously shots were fired from windows and from the rooftop. Each of the bullets that was shot found its target. The people that had been given weapons and placed in strategic locations had been instructed by Leah through their walkie talkies to fire at each of the armed men. They were told not to hit the men but to just shoot closely as to make their presence known to the men. The loud crack of five shots being fired startled the men and fear quickly took the place of self assured arrogance and chauvinism. The grip on Leo tightened around his arm at the sound of the shots, but the man didn't pull the trigger, accidently killing Leo. It appeared that the man had some training and had learned not to shoot at every loud sound that he heard while holding a gun. 
"Now that you know that I am not full of shit I suggest that you let me go." Leo told the man still holding Leo as a shield and a hostage. Raphael knew that the threat had been real and without any way to gauge what kind of personnel was wielding those weapons it was hard not to give in to the commands of the people that had caught them by surprise and had the advantage of elevated positions. Raphael let go of Leo's hand and allowed him to turn around. 
"Look, maybe we can make a deal here." Raphael suggested to Leo, now trying to make anything out of the situation that had gone bad. 
"What kind of deal?" Leo asked curious to find out what the men were after. 
"Well I am sure you have some people in there that you could do without and you have a nice setup here. You give me some of the women and children that you have in there and we will leave. You will never see us again." Raphael explained.
"And if I choose to say "fuck you" instead?" Leo spoke with a confidence, knowing that the situation was in his favor. Raphael chuckled a bit in acknowledgment of the brashness that Leo was speaking with.
"Well in that case, I can't really guarantee that we won't be back through this way." 
"Well in that case," Leo mocked. "I can't really guarantee that you are going to make it back to those vehicles alive." 
"Come on, we both know that you aren't going to give the order to have us all shot here in cold blood. I can see that in your eyes, even now after you were held at gun point. It just isn't your style." Raphael told Leo.
"That may be true but it doesn't mean that I will have any qualms about killing a threat to the people that I am protecting and believe me if I give the order to shoot, it will be the last thing that you hear, they won't hesitate." Leo continued with arrogance as he bluffed. 
"Okay, well how about we just all go our separate ways and hope that neither of us sees the other again. Because I am sure that you have realized that even if I do get taken down by one of your snipers I will probably get my shot off and kill you in the process. So, how about it? Want to just walk away and pretend we never met today?" Raphael asked Leo in a calmness that still worried Leo. 
"Let the people in the cars go!" Leah's voice came from over the walkie talkie demanding that Raphael release the bound people from their custody. Leo had no idea what she was talking about but really didn't care at this point, he was just trying to get himself to safety first and then he could deal with whatever other problems had arisen in the short time that he had been outside the safety of the school. 
  Blake had called down to Leah and told her what he had seen. Even though he was just a kid he still knew that people shouldn't be tied up and kept in the car and so he had told her. She had responded quickly. Leah gave Donovan the walkie talkie and made her way upstairs where Blake was hiding out and quickly looked through the scope to confirm what Blake had told her. She grasped more understanding then Blake when she looked through the scope and saw the beaten women and children. While, to her it was important that they got Leo back she also didn't want to let the people outside go without any punishment, for their actions against Leo as well as against the people still waiting patiently, hopelessly in the cars. Quickly she got on the walkie talkie that was on the same channel as everyone inside the compound. All of the people who were in strategic places with rifles in hands had a walkie talkie and heard Leah when she spoke. 
"When I give the word I want each of you to take a shot down there. I don't want you to shoot anyone but I want you all to give a warning shot placed close to each of the targets below." Leah spoke with an assertiveness that nobody questioned. She gave further instructions of who should aim close to which target outside. When she gave the word they all fired without the hesitation that most would have shown if they were shooting to kill a live target. She was proud of them and when she looked through the peephole and saw that Leo had be released she knew she had done the right thing and was proud of herself for taking the initiative instead of allowing Leo to be used as leverage. 
  She needed to push her luck for the sake of the people out there in those vehicles. When she had looked through the scope and had seen the state of the people in the cars she knew that these were evil men. They were the worst kind of vultures. They weren't even waiting for their prey to be dead before attempting to pick them clean. This was when she told the men to release the people that appeared to be held captive in the vehicles. 
  At this demand Raphael thought that the people within the school were being too bold with their demands. He realized that they had the upper hand but didn't think that he should give in completely to them. True he had underestimated them and had been shown this when they had simultaneously made their presence known by giving each of the men outside the school a warning shot from rifles. Raphael wasn't without his own contingency plans and didn't have a second thought about revealing it to the people inside. 
"Alright I am going to let your friend Leo go back inside and we are going to continue on our way but we aren't going to give in to anymore of your demands. What makes you even think that the people that have come with us and now wait at the cars would want to leave us and join with you?" Raphael called to the closed door. 
"I know what you are! You can't treat people like that!" Leah yelled back through the walkie talkie. 
"I don't know what you are talking about. We are going to leave now. You will get your friend back and we will be on our way." Raphael answered in calm reserve and then turned his back to the school. The rest of the men in his party followed suit and started walking back to the vehicles. 
"NO!" Leah yelled. The men stopped in their tracks with this angry yell. "If you try to leave with those people I will shoot you myself and believe me it won't be any warning shot to show that there are people here. I will take your head clean off. Do you understand me?" Leah was now in a personal battle with these men and nobody within the school knew where this was going or if they would be called to fire on the men. Raphael stopped and the rest of the men, following their leader, stopped in their tracks at this threat. Raphael turned in more of a tired gesture of mocking to face the school as if he knew where this was all going and was bored with this back and forth that he was sure was going to end in his favor. 
"Okay. I really didn't want to do this. Those people in the cars over there, they are ours. What happens to them is up to us and since it is up to us, that means it is up to me. To tell the truth I have grown rather fond of a few of them and would be heartbroken if they decided to stay here and I had to go on.  You wouldn't want that now would you?" Raphael asked in a condescending tone that was meant to agitate Leah into doing something stupid. Raphael's arrogance was somewhat impressive, in that it went far beyond confidence and bordered on stupidity. "If however, you do choose to attempt to separate me from my friends in the cars, well?.., then I would just have to make sure that you wouldn't be able to do that." Raphael pulled a device from his pocket and held it high in the air for Leah to see. "Well you see this here is a little device that I rigged up myself. It is connected to is a nice little explosive in the bottom of each vehicle. All of us have one, each linked to a car back there. Now if you really don't want anything to happen to those people then you are going to just say "good day" and take your friend back inside and allow us all to go our separate ways. If this isn't something that you can do, well then a car load of people will suffer for your decision." Raphael paused for a minute and let the new scenario sink in for the woman calling the shots inside the school as well as anyone who was in range to hear this deal. This included the people who were being held captive in the cars. He spoke loud enough so that they understood what was at stake and to make sure they each got their share of fear for the day. Nobody in the car knew about the charges placed on the cars, but none of them doubted it either. They had seen what kind of man this was, and had seen what he was capable of, least of all was murder. Leah didn't know what to make of this situation. She knew that she couldn't let these men leave with cars full of people at their mercy but she didn't know if he was bluffing or just playing on her sympathies when he showed the device. 
"Ok, well I am going to take your silence as understanding so we will just be on our way. You can have your "leader" back. You all have a nice day now you hear." The five men all turned in unison and started heading back to the vehicles behind them, seeming to pay no attention to Leo still outside with them and who still had his pistol with him. They probably thought that if he had set up a place like this for people to come for safety then he was a firm believer of human rights and equality and didn't have the ability to kill another human. Whether or not this was the case for Leo was still to be seen, after all he had been able to kill his roommate when the need had arisen, but that had been for self preservation. Leo couldn't take the chance of getting a car load of people killed because he thought someone was bluffing. Leah on the other hand was not going to let the men get away with whatever heinous plan they had for the people in the cars. It hadn't escaped her attention that there weren't any men bound and held captive in the cars.
  Once the five men had turned their back, Leah had exploded in anger and frustration. She didn't know what to do, but she couldn't allow them to get away with this. They had come to her new home and had thought the inhabitants weak. The last thing she could do was prove them right, they had to be strong here or it would only be a matter of time before the men came back. They would possibly come back with stronger forces, a better tactic or perhaps even come in under the guise of people looking for refuge, but if they didn't make a stand now the men were sure to come back. All of this went through her mind and played out for her as she saw all the people who were safe within the school being loaded up into vehicles with their hands bound. She couldn't let that happen. 
"Go downstairs, now!" Leah shouted to Blake
"But I was just?." Blake attempted to argue, not sure of what was happening.
"I said go now!" Leah yelled. Blake was helpless to argue and so left the room, but stood just outside the door and watched secretly. He looked into the room in silence as Leah took his spot with the rifle and looked through the scope just as he had been doing, only she looked far more determined and held the gun with much purpose. 
Leah looked down on the group of men walking away and saw Leo heading back to the door that she had just left. As quickly as she could, she got one of the men in the sights of the rifle and made sure that he didn't feel the presence of the crosshairs. The man kept on the path that he had set for himself back to the vehicles. Leah followed her target in the crosshairs for another moment and then held her breath and squeezed the trigger. The sound of the shot was followed quickly by the slamming of the metal door downstairs as Leo had come back inside. Leah tried to keep her composure and find out what had happened, trying to see if her bullet had found a target and brought at least one of the men to justice. Without the use of the scope she was able to focus and see what had happened. One of the men lay face down on the asphalt that led away from the school and the other four were scattering for cover. Her action had been too hasty and now she was already regretting it. The other four men were already safely behind objects for protection. If she had coordinated with the rest of the individuals here in the school she would have been able to get all of them at the same time. As she watched, the four surviving men made their way back to the vehicles by way of any cover that they could find before she was able to get any of them back into her sights to take another shot. She tried to follow the men with the little crosshairs but they darted and zig zagged across the open space that was between them and the safety of the vehicles. When she thought that she should take a shot at the tires of the vehicles so that the men couldn't get away from her all seeing eye of the rifle she felt it lifted in front of her and taken out of her grip. Leo had already made it upstairs in the time between the first shot and the time when she was deciding to take shots at the tires. 
"What the hell was that?" Leo asked.
"What are you doing? Give me that goddamn gun. I need to get the rest of them." Leah argued totally disregarding the questioning of Leo. 
"No, not until you tell me what is going on. We had a deal. They let me go and they went their own way. You weren't supposed to shoot anyone." Leo told her.
"Give me the gun now. I have to kill those bastards." She yelled. 
"Look I am not giving you this gun until you tell me what the hell is going on. You are putting everyone at risk here and I need to know why." Leo responded.
"I just?.we need to?." Before Leah could give Leo the answers that he needed the sound of  the engines of the vehicles outside starting up interrupted them. Everyone in the room turned and looked out the window and saw all but two vehicles already leaving the area. 
"Damn it! How could you just let them go?!" Leah shouted at Leo. 
"Wait. Why are those two still there? What are they doing?" Leo asked, speaking to nobody in particular. Leo was staring out the window without paying any attention to Leah and her hysterics. Sure enough there were two vehicles just sitting outside, one looked like it was running while the other had no driver in the front seat. In the driver seat of the vehicle that was running was Raphael. He was taking the time to make sure that all eyes were on him. Slowly Raphael started to drive away leaving the other car behind. When Raphael's vehicle was a small distance away, once again he stopped. Nobody knew what was going on out there, but Raphael definitely had the attention of everyone in the school, all eyes were on the vehicles. Leo pointed the rifle out the window to bring the spectacle closer. In the scope he saw that in Raphael's car the people were calm with their heads down. They looked as if they had given up any hope of getting away from these men, now there was no use in even fighting the shackles that held them in place. Leo then moved the lens over to the other car. In this second car there was a totally different atmosphere. The people in this car were doing everything they could to escape. There were violent jerking motions and all manners of struggling. Leo could see the violence increasing as the seconds ticked by. These people seemed like they knew that something awful was coming, as if they had seen other cars left behind when the rest had driven on. 
  Leo was able to look back at Raphael's car one more time. This time when he looked into the driver's seat he saw Raphael looking back with a smile that gave Leo a chill to the bone. It was the smile that the devil gives a victim when they have just accepted the deal that will give them what they want right now but will take everything they need when it is time to collect. That smile signaled Leo that his attention shouldn't be on Raphael but on the other car. Leo's gaze came back to the car just as Raphael had wanted just when Raphael flipped the little switch that activated the explosive in the car. Leo saw for one last time the two women and two young girls who were in the car as they all seemed to scream in unison. Perhaps there was some sort of signal that the switch had been activated or perhaps there was just an innate knowledge between those that are all about to be killed at the same time and they were sharing in this moment right now. With their expressions of terror firmly in place the explosive ripped through the car. The detonation device triggered the explosive charge that sent waves of heat and shrapnel through the tiny car. The bodies of the people trapped in the car were torn to pieces instantly. Before anyone watching knew what had happened, all four people in the car that had been left behind were dead and in flames. Body parts and pieces of the car alike were thrown from the car. All that the people in the school could do was look on in horror at what had just happened and watch as the man responsible for the atrocity drove away safe and sound with his own car full of people. 
There was only silence in the school. Nobody could say anything. Anyone who thought of saying anything felt that it just wouldn't mean anything in this situation; any words would just fall short. For a long while nobody in the room was even able to move, afraid that any movement would cause a creak in the floor or something and would break the silence. Finally Leah collapsed against the wall in frustration and fear. With her back against the wall she looked down at the ground and muttered something that was inaudible to either Leo or Blake.
"Leah, I'm sorry. I don't know what happened." Leo tried to get her attention by touching her shoulder to let her know that he was sorry. Leah's fear and sorrow for the people that had been killed immediately turned to hatred and a blaming eye that was able to cut directly through Leo. She looked at him with such hatred as she flicked his hand away from her just as he touched her.
"You, you did this. If you wouldn't have taken my gun away I could have stopped him. You don't know what it is like! I can't believe you did that to them." She pushed herself up to her feet and looked into Leo's eyes one more time. "This is your fault, their blood is on your hands." Then she pushed her way passed Leo and walked towards the door and past Blake without even acknowledging his presence in the room. Leo tried to follow after her and apologize but it was no use, she was determined to get away from him and had made her way out of the room so quickly he couldn't do anything to stop her. Leo, unlike Leah noticed Blake in the doorway and had to stop his pursuit of Leah in order to deal with the boy and try and explain what had just happened. Leo felt completely ill equipped to deal with a child of his age seeing something as terrible as a car bomb set off with four victims inside it. The bodies of those caught inside were still burning inside the car giving off a black smoke of burned flesh and smoking tires. It seemed like all that Leo could do was apologize to people for what had happened and what they had all seen just outside the windows where he had positioned them. For Blake it was no different. The boy looked up, not with hateful blaming eyes, but those of innocence and of one who doesn't really understand what has just happened. 
"Why? Why did he do that?" Was all that Blake could think to ask.
"I don't know. I'm sorry?.I'm sorry you had to see that. You shouldn't have seen that. I?.I have to go." Leo answered. 
"Are you going after the man? Are we going to go and find him and make him pay for what he did to those people?" Blake asked.
"No?..We aren't going after him." Leo answered despairingly. 
"We are just going to let him go? How can we let him get away with that?" 
"We just can't right now okay? Can you just go to your room for now? I need to figure out what we are going to do." Leo asked, more so in a pleading tone then one of authority telling him to go to his room. The boy didn't bother to answer and Leo took this as an acknowledgement that the boy would go to his room. Leo slipped past the boy who was still standing in the doorway and headed back to his office/bedroom. When he got back to his room Leo couldn't think of what to do and so he just lay down on his little bed that he had made for himself and stared up at the ceiling. Staring at the ceiling reminded him of the first night he had stayed in the school all alone wondering if there were any other people out there that would hear his broadcast and meet him here. The next day Leah and Blake had taken him by surprise and with her gun to his head had reassured him that he wasn't the only person left on this barren planet. 
"Why? Why would he kill those people? Even if he was just going to use them as slaves or as his own personal property, it doesn't make sense that he would kill them. People have become one of the rarest commodities around and he killed them without a second look or second thought, but with a smile of triumph." With this thought doing laps around his mind he got up and started pacing the room trying to keep time with thoughts of the future. There were many scenarios that came to mind where Leo thought it would be necessary to kill the people in that car and move on without looking back at them without any type of remorse. Perhaps there was someone infected with the virus in that car and he was just afraid that it would spread to the other survivors that he had hidden away somewhere. Maybe Raphael himself was infected and flipping the switch and setting off the explosive was how the virus was manifesting in him. With the idea of a virus that causes madness having become a reality there were a number of possibilities, but there was one thing that whispered to Leo, the virus had not been the cause of these most recent deaths. 
  The pleasure on Raphael's face that Leo had seen magnified through the scope suggested that Raphael was taking great enjoyment in the killing of these people. He looked as if he had no attachment to them, neither as traveling companions, nor on a basic level of humanity. The look in Raphael's face suggested a detachment that Leo couldn't have guessed would make itself known in this new world. The more Leo thought about that last look that Raphael had given before setting off the explosive the more Leo was haunted by it. When Leo had exhausted every possibility for a reasonable explanation of why that car full of people had to be bombed he was left with only one explanation that matched all the evidence. With a few heavily armed personnel who seemed well equipped and well trained as they transported bound individuals by the car load the men had to be making prisoners out of the survivors. To what ends these people were being used Leo had no idea, but he had said it himself that people were now a valuable commodity in a world of humans almost brought to extinction. If they had been taking the people to become slaves then why kill a car load of them, surely they would have value and Raphael would have to answer for the loses in the shipment. 
"Unless?..They are coming back." Leo spoke to himself as the realization hit him. That had to be the answer. Leo wasn't sure if it had been a warning to the people in the school that Raphael and more of his people would be back to take the school, or if it had just been insurance to make sure that they would be back. Leo realized that if Raphael answered to someone else, the loss of one of the cars would be a strong incentive to send more forces this way to a small school where those losses could be recouped with just a little bit of waiting and perhaps some tear gas shot into the school. If Raphael didn't answer to anyone it would be even easier to rally troops to come back and take over this section of the world with some of their profits now blown up and one of their compatriots still lying face down in front of the school where a single shot had taken his life. 

Chapter 16: Decisions

While the school was nicely supplied with food and weapons and the exits had been blocked off from any attempts to break in, it was also isolated with no escape plan should a siege take place. Leo looked around his little office and instead of a shelter where he had been able to bring people together to keep warm from the solitude of being an only survivor he now saw his own coffin that he had built and fully supplied to be his final resting place. He had to make sure that the rest of the inhabitants of the school knew what was coming and he had to make amends with Leah. Before either of those things were possible he had to find out what really happened. She had fired on the men without any hesitation, as far as he could tell, and there was obviously no remorse as she had tried to grab the gun back from him to shoot at another when he had taken it away from her. She had shot with the intent to kill and she had succeeded. He had never seen her like that and the anger that she showed at letting them get away was another first for him. There was obviously something that she wasn't telling him that was going to explain her rash behavior. Before he could plan what to do next he had to find out what it was. While he knew that this was not the best time to find her and sit her down to pry into whatever had motivated her to take that shot he didn't think that they had much time to figure out what they were going to do about the impending attack. It wasn't fair to say that it was inevitable, but Leo was fairly confident in what the actions of the men, and that smile on Raphael's face were meant to tell the people of the school.
The accounts of the people in the school led him outside to where she was just sitting outside in the sun, apparently without a care in the world as to the events that had just come to pass. She was just sitting at one of the many of the benches outside looking out into the city as if she was admiring a nice spring day. She was looking at the city in the distance, from this vantage and distance it looked peaceful. You couldn't see all the bodies in the streets or downed buildings from bombings or accidental explosions, it was rather picturesque. She seemed to be blocking out the previous incident and was just enjoying the day in freedom on a calm afternoon. 
"Hey Leah." Leo called to her from a short distance away. She turned startled and in response pointed her pistol at him. She had been snapped out of a trance that only a beautiful day can bring to someone. Leo immediately stopped in his tracks, not sure if the anger that had shown itself when the men had gotten away had taken hold of her again, while arming her in the process. Leo stopped and put his hands in the air, a universal sign that the person doesn't want any trouble or to harm the other. Leah responded by keeping the gun trained on him a little bit too long. When each of them had taken a couple breaths in silence she finally lowered the weapon allowing for Leo to cover the rest of the distance to her. He took a seat next to her on the bench. "Leah, we need to talk." The words came from his lips before he even considered them. These were the standard words that people used to use just before breaking up with one another in the world long passed. Leah chuckled briefly at the words that most likely wouldn't be used in this manner again. 
"Ok, what do you want to talk about Leo?" She asked mockingly. She knew exactly what he wanted to talk about, but didn't feel like she needed to explain herself to anyone, least of all Leo. 
"I need to know what happened back there." Leo said motioning back towards the school and the front of the building. 
"I shot him. That's what happened." She answered nonchalantly. 
"I know you shot him. Why did you shoot him? I was out there I don't know what happened inside. I am sure you had a good reason but I have to know what is going on." Leo asked. 
"Leo, do you really think we have a chance out here? Did you see those guys? Do you really think we can stand up to that?" Leah answered his question with one of her own, redirecting the conversation.
"I don't know. I hope we can. I used to think that I was fine just being on my own, just hiding away in my room with my video games and the internet. I don't think I could go back to that again. Not only will the world not allow it with the changes that have come, but I won't allow it. There are too many other things out there. Even with the diminished number of people, there is something special about being with other people. We have to try and help one another." Leo answered her, playing along with her redirection. "As sad as it may sound the people here have become a family. We all work together to help not only ourselves, but everyone as a whole. I want to believe that there are others out there who want the same thing and will hear the broadcast and come to be part of what we are building here." The words were rolling out of Leo without any filtering. He really did want this school to become a utopian society of sorts, calling to people from all over who wanted to take part in what they were building. 
"What we are building? Are you serious? Did you see what those men did to the people in the car?" Leah asked. 
"Of course I saw it." Leo answered harshly. 
"How can you expect to build anything in this world where there are men like that, men that can take a life with a smile and then drive away? There is no new world that we are building, we will be lucky to survive a few more days." Leah mocked him. 
"We have to try. If we give up what are the others going to do? What is Blake going to do if you and me just stop caring and believe that there is no use in trying?" It was obvious that the mentioning of Blake hit a soft spot with Leah as she lowered her head. "Believe it or not we are the only two who are going to be able to hold this place together, but I really don't think I can do it without you. I need to know what happened to you though. It is obvious that you have run into people like that before, maybe not them specifically but men like them. Leah?.what happened?" Leo tried to ask with concern and pity in his voice because he could tell how hard it was for Leah even to think about where she had seen men like that before.
"It doesn't matter how I know them, or what it was like when I was with them. All you need to know is that they are the worst kind of people and they will be back. Killing those people was not just them killing the people for no reason, it was them assuring us that they would be back in greater numbers. In any case it is over." Leah explained to Leo.
"It doesn't have to be over. We can fight. We have a good position in a sturdy building and we have all kinds of supplies. We can hold them off and take shots at them from the roof when they try to come inside. We can?.." Leah interrupted Leo before he could continue with his inspirational speech.
"When that explosion tore through those people in the car how did you feel?" She asked him in a serious tone while she continued to look forward without the need to look at Leo.
"I felt like I could have done more to help them. I felt like it was my fault that they were dead." He told her as his head sank and he stared at the ground. 
"That is what I thought. That is why we don't stand a chance. That man flipped a switch and killed four people without a second thought. No, he took pleasure in it, the only thoughts he had about it were ones of happiness at the power that he still had in this world. In a world of people struggling to come together and find strength a person who is willing to do anything "to" their fellow survivors is much more likely to survive then a person willing to do anything "for" others. You are a good man Leo, you really are and now they know it. When only one shot came from this building they knew that there were good people in here who didn't want to kill others and in that moment, they knew they would win." Leah told him in a matter of fact voice as if she was recounting a battle that she had read about in a history class or seen on television and already knew what the outcome of the school would be. 
"We can't just give up though. We have worked too hard here to simply walk away." Leo argued.
"You still don't get it. When they come back they won't come alone." 
"I know. I'm sure they will bring some more of their friends but I think we have enough rifles to start taking them out when they are still fairly far away." Leo tried to show that he had been trying to come up with some sort of defensive scheme that would keep the school secure. 
"No, that's not what I mean. People are nothing to them. They will bring more women and children. They will use them as human shields to move around. If they can't get the positions that they want hiding behind these innocents then they will allow them to walk towards the school with explosives strapped to their bodies. It will be our decision to either allow the bombers to make it to our walls or to shoot the innocents and save our fortress. Worse even they will make sure to get our attention and then they will just start executing the people that they have with them until we can't take the sounds of their screams anymore and give ourselves up. Our feelings of compassion for other people will be our greatest weakness and our eventual downfall." Leah explained.
"But if they are in the trade of humans why would they kill so many just to get in here? It doesn't make sense." Leo tried to reason her with logic.
"These men are just as scared as all of us, but through their aggression and unscrupulous principles they have found themselves in a place of power and safety. We threatened that when I killed one of theirs and when they didn't get what they wanted. They will be back, I assure you, if only to use the school as another location to lure people. Remember, you have set up the radio station to broadcast a signal that tells people that the school is a safe place and that you are waiting here to help them. We already know that they have heard this signal and what better way to capture people then through a broadcast of hope and safety?" Leo thought about all that she was saying and couldn't find any fault in the future she was painting for the school and the people inside. 
"So we need to leave." Leo answered finally coming to the conclusion that Leah was leading him towards.
"Where are we going to go? What are we going to do? We were lucky to have found this place." Leah told him with a sadness that showed she was giving up hope.
"We didn't find this place, we made it. We can make another somewhere else. Do you think there is any way that we could beat these men? Is there any way that we might be able to liberate the others from their captivity?" Leo asked hopefully.
"I don't know?..I don't know where they went or when they will be back. If we are going to leave then we need to do it fast. I don't think they will come back today or even tomorrow, but it will be soon." Leah told Leo. 
"Alright then we need to get out of here. Are you with me? We can save these people, but I need your help to do it. I wish that we could help the people that they already have captured, but right now we need to look after the people that we have with us. Will you help me?" Leo asked her. "You helped me build this place. It wouldn't be what it is without you. You seem to know our new enemies better than anyone. We will need that knowledge if we are going to get out of here and get away from them." Leo told her as he looked at her, trying to get her to make eye contact with him, and see that he was serious in needing her help. She just sat there for a long while thinking about the options that she had. She thought that if she left with just herself and Blake they would most likely have a better chance of avoiding any trouble, but she was invested in the community of individuals here at the school, as much as Leo was and didn't want to leave them to survive on their own. When she had come to her decision she looked up and met Leo's eyes in agreement. 
"Okay, but we are going to have to get out of here fast." She finally answered. Leo got up off the bench and was about to start heading into the school with Leah at his side. "There is something else." She continued.
"What else?" Leo asked.
"The radio tower, we have to destroy it. If they can use it to get people to come here thinking this is a safe place they will. We can't leave it up sending out your signal of hope and allow people to come here just to be placed at the whims of those bastards." Leah told him as understanding sunk in for him.
"Okay you are right. Before we go we will have to disable it somehow. For now we have to go inside and talk to the people. I am sure they are scared and wondering where the two of us are right now." Leo told her. With that the two of them walked silently into the school both content with the decision that they had just made for all of the residents of the school.
  By the next afternoon everyone had finished their individual duties and there were three fully stocked vehicles in front of the high school waiting for people to pile in and make their escape. Leo had been able to make a small explosive from a book that he had taken from his house. "The Anarchist cookbook" showed all sorts of ways to make explosives with as many detonators to match. The point of this small bomb that Leo had created was to disable the signal that was acting as a siren calling sailors to their death. Anyone who heard this broadcast of hope and safety would have undoubtedly headed to the school, if not for safety then at least to see if there were any supplies as they passed through. Leo couldn't allow for the message that he had created to bring people together to be used to add to those men's collection of captives.
Leo asked everyone to meet inside the cafeteria one more time before they left this place. The school had become their home and while only a few people had responded to the call of the radio broadcast, Leo felt that it had served its purpose in showing people that they weren't alone. The group had only recently found the other side of the coin that had survived to bring evil to this new world. Those of the school had found good in one another first and so were not as tainted as those first encountering survivors could be with these men might become. During the last meeting, held inside the school, a destination was decided upon. There wasn't much input as to where they should go as it was widely assumed that the virus had reached every major city. The only place that anyone could offer up as possibly secure after all the devastation and death was New Mexico. During the last transmission of the government they had said that there was going to be a large scale collaboration, not only with the scientists of our country but also any from other countries who were willing to come to New Mexico to help. The resources were going to be unlimited and the security obscene in this area. Without any national broadcast system still in effect there was no telling if any country had be spared the wrath of the virus and so to search the world over for a speck of survival was not a feasible option. While there could very well be communities that had closed off their borders even within the U.S. there was no way for people to communicate with the infrastructure of the whole country, so any survivors would be on their own. Because nobody could come up with any better idea for a destination there wasn't any argument as to trying to find the city in New Mexico that had supposedly harbored the finest minds in the world. It was fully agreed upon that they couldn't stay in the school after Leah had explained the men's possible tactics. The group got in the vehicles and prepared for their journey. It was a bitter sweet goodbye as the people watched the school fall into the background knowing that they would never be returning to this place. It had been the spot where humanity had once again come together and where a community was building. Although small in numbers everyone had found their place and done their part to help in whatever manner they could
CHAPTER 17: Departure

They had to make sure and disable the radio broadcast before leaving town for New Mexico. All three vehicles pulled up and parked in front of the station, only Leo and Leah got out. Everyone else remained inside ready to speed away when the timer was initiated that Leo had buit. Leo took with him a duffle bag to fill with anything useful that was still in the station. Leah and Leo went inside and saw that the control room was still lit and on the air. Leo placed his explosive on the main table of the control room, even if it only did minimal damage to this room, it would be enough to cease the signal and make it nearly impossible for anyone to use this tower again to call to people. The control room was lit up nicely, as a beacon for people to follow, it made it hard for him to set the timer of the explosive. Nevertheless it had to be done and so when they had collected anything that might be useful from the station, which wasn't much, Leo set the timer for five minutes and the two of them walked out of the radio station. 
Leo and Leah walked out of the station expecting to see the three vehicles with their companions waiting patiently for the two to emerge from the radio station. Instead what they found was a sight that neither could deny, as much as their minds wanted. Standing just behind the people that had become a part of Leo's community stood armed men with their weapons pointed directly at the school's inhabitants. Behind the people that were held at gunpoint there were two more vehicles behind the set of three vehicles that Leo's party had brought for their trip. There were still two men in one vehicle, apparently not needed to take control of this situation. They just hung back waiting for the outcome and the eventual spoils. One of the men was wearing a baseball cap and aviator sunglasses making his face impossible to make out. Next to this man, just waiting for things to take their course sat Raphael. The driver in cap and glasses leaned over and said something to Raphael. got out of his vehicle and started walking over to Leo at a slow pace to show that the situation was totally under his control and there was no need for him even to rush. As he passed through the men with guns he looked at each captive as if looking at a product in a store, sizing them up and then moving on to the next on his way to Leo. 
Leo watched as he did this and knew that if he tried to pull his pistol to fight off these men, any person that was held with a gun to them would be killed instantly. Leo scanned the people who had come with him and he noticed that someone was missing. He didn't see Blake amongst the people being held against their will. He could feel the tension growing next to him as Leah's tension grew with every step that Raphael took towards them. She hadn't taken her eyes off of Raphael since she had made the connection that this was the same man who had been at their school just the other day. She hadn't yet scanned the individuals that she had arrived with, and noticed that Blake was not amongst them. Leo stood firm, but could feel Leah about to snap and possibly take off running or worse start shooting at the man walking towards them so calmly as to break any will that they still had. In Raphael's walk he was showing them who was in charge and that he could take his time and that there was no escape for the two, let alone all of them. Leo looked over at Leah and saw only hatred in her eyes, there was no plan for escape and there was no plan of surrendering to these men in her stare. Leo had to stop her from doing anything that would endanger the rest of the group. Before Raphael could get close enough to hear a whisper from Leo he subtly turned to her and holding his lips as stiff as possible he whispered "Blake". 
The expression on Leah's face changed so quickly that even Raphael noticed that something had changed in her grimace and hatred towards him. Her face had gone from tense and full of rage to one of fear. She wasn't afraid for herself but for Blake. Maybe he had tried to resist when they had first come storming in while Leo and Leah were still inside and the men had been forced to kill him. The idea that he had escaped and ran to some kind of shelter didn't occur to her because he would have started firing shots in retaliation already. Leah had turned from quiet rage waiting to erupt once Raphael was close enough to get a perfect shot, to silenced terror at the idea that Blake had been killed and thrown to the side without the slightest amount of dignity. She looked through all of the people that she knew and all those that she didn't, looking for any sign of what might have happened to Blake, but she couldn't find any. In their party was Leo, Donovan, the boy that was close to Blake's age Oscar, the two girls Maggie, Marie and the woman who had kept mostly to herself the entire time at the school, none of whom had any idea what to do in this situation. Everyone looked scared and lost. The group all looked back at Leo and Leah as if the two of them would magically have some plan to get them all clear of this terrible situation. When they all looked into the eyes of either Leo or Leah all they saw was the same fear reflected back on them, there would be no salvation from these men. 
"Well hello again Leo. Fancy meeting you out here, this really is an added pleasure. What are you all doing out there?" Raphael asked Leo still walking towards them. 
"Look we don't want any trouble. We were just leaving." Leo answered the man.
"Really? Where were you guys going?" 
"Just away. We were just trying to leave this place." Leo continued.
"Yeah but where? Every road trip has a destination. People don't just start driving. Well at least sane people don't. You haven't been infected with whatever got everyone else have you? Because we can't risk infecting survivors with that shit, so we would probably have to kill you if you were crazy and if you didn't have a destination in mind when you headed out, well that seems kind of crazy." Raphael spoke with a conceited tone that illustrated to Leo that this little battle had already been won. 
"We were just trying to get away before you came back to the school." 
"Why would you want to do that?" Raphael asked coyly. 
"You killed those people you asshole!" Leah shouted from Leo's side.
"Ahhh but you shot at us first, in fact you killed one of my friends. What would you have me do? Just let that slide?" Raphael asked the pair.
"You had already been holding a gun to me." Leo added.
"We could argue about who did what to whom all day but that won't change the circumstances which we find ourselves in now. Anyway, what were you guys doing inside? Sending out another little message for people to stay away from this place because there are bad men around?" 
"No, not exactly." Leo looked down at his watch as he said this, and realized that the bomb was about to go off in about three minutes and that they probably didn't want to be standing in the doorway to the station when it did go off. 
"Oh, was this more of a "Personal" stop for the two of you?" Raphael asked in a vulgar tone. 
"What do you want?!" Leah interjected into the conversation before Leo could answer this accusation. 
"Yeah let's just cut to the chase here. I want all of you and whatever you have already packed up nicely in these vehicles. It is a rough world out there and I think you will need our protection and we will need the supplies that you have already gathered. See it is a win win situation." Raphael was speaking with such arrogance that Leah was grinding her teeth trying not to shoot the man where he stood. She was getting to the point where she didn't care about the consequences of her actions. Blake was nowhere to be seen so the thought of him as collateral damage wasn't an issue and Raphael just kept pushing.
"I think we will be fine without your protection, so if you don't mind we will just be on our way. You can have one of the vehicles full of supplies and we will just drive away and you won't have to see us again." Leo tried to play at Raphael's game pretending that they were all friendly here and that guns weren't being pointed at the people he had come to care about. 
"I am just too kind of an individual to let you all go off into this dangerous world without the proper protection so I am going to have to insist that you come with us." Raphael motioned with the shotgun he was carrying for them to make their way over to the vehicles and away from the radio station. Leo and Leah both knew that they didn't have a choice in the matter and so relinquished any thoughts of a daring escape or of someone coming to their rescue. They had been caught off guard by these men and were now going to have to give in to the men's whims starting with getting into their vehicles. Once Leo and Leah had decided this and began walking towards Raphael there was a sense that the rest of the individuals, who had been part of Leo's school, gave up any small piece of hope that they had been holding. Leo felt this change and wished that he could have done more to protect these people and to keep their hope for a better world alive, but it seemed that Raphael and his friends were in just the right place at the right time to put an end to any hope the group might have had. 
"Why don't you give me those guns that the two of you are carrying? I think that will make this all a bit more civilized don't you?" Raphael was playing with the two of them, almost taunting them into doing something stupid so that he would be justified in shooting the pair. Raphael was a sick bastard, but he did have his set of rules to follow and with his boss still waiting in the car, it wouldn't look good if he just shot the two in the head for no apparent reason. Leo and Leah both reluctantly gave up their weapons. 
  When the weapons were safely in the possession of Raphael he looked at the two and told them "Why don't you show me how you sent out that nice message on the radio. We want to make sure that people know there is a safe place in this crazy world." Leo looked down at his watch and saw that there were only five seconds until his little explosive went off. Now more than ever he hoped that his homemade bomb would do what he had meant for it to do. It was obvious that these men intended to do just what he thought they would, and pervert his message of hope for their own purposes.
"It's funny you should ask about the radio broadcast because?.." Leo paused for a moment and the explosion from inside took the place of his voice to illustrate what he was about to say. Everyone flinched at the sound of the explosion. "?.I don't think it is going to be sending out any messages for a while." When Raphael's gaze had come back to him after looking at the station while it smoked from the explosion, Leo looked up into Raphael's eyes. "I think there are some "technical" problems with this station right now." Leo continued with sarcasm. Raphael looked back at his boss quickly realizing that while he had been playing games of being civilized the two in front of him had been waiting out the timer on some kind of bomb to make the radio station inoperable. Raphael had been played by the two and he wasn't happy about it and he assumed his boss was even less pleased then he with the situation. The group of armed men had come out to the radio tower in order to secure the area so that the broadcast would continue to play. At the understanding of the loss that the two had caused, Raphael let out a small chuckle in acknowledgment and then hit Leo hard with the pistol he had relieved Leo of. Leo fell to one knee in pain as his head pounded and blood slowly dripped from the spot where the pistol had made contact with the side of his head.  When Leo had regained his footing Raphael motioned for the two of them to go to the truck nearest the two. When everyone was loaded into vehicles the newly joined parties set out.

Chapter 18: The Base

  When the vehicles finally arrived at their destination Leo was intimidated by what he saw and could only imagine that the rest of his party were feeling the same way. They were on the outskirts of town and had pulled up to a chain link fence that had razor wire on the top of it. This fence had a guard house at the entrance where the vehicles had stopped. There was one man inside and as soon as he saw the men driving the first car he opened the fence and let all the vehicles inside. Leo realized that these men, instead of taking refuge in a school had decided that a local military base was more secure and better suited to their needs. Once inside the razor wired fence the vehicle proceeded to a building near the center of the base where everyone was unloaded and placed in cells that had originally been used by soldiers who got out of line or broke military law and needed to be detained. Now those same cells were being used to house the captives of these madmen. The newest captives were divided so that the women were all in one cell while Leo Donovan and the other young boy had a cell together. With the cells secured, all of the captors, but Raphael left the building. 
"This is going to be your home for a little while, at least until you realize that you aren't going anywhere. Some of you will probably try to make a break for it, but let's be serious here. If it takes a few of you getting shot to realize that you aren't getting out of here, well that is fine with me. If you just realize that we have the place secured it will save everyone the time and effort of getting rid of bodies and it might even save a couple of your lives. When you get used to living here, you may come to even find that it isn't that bad. So make the best of it." Raphael was speaking to them all in a very general sense as if he was giving an orientation speech to students on their first day of college. Then his attitude shifted and he looked directly at Leah. "And some of you might even end up having a good time. I know I will." He undressed her with his eyes as he thought about what he was going to do with her later on. Leah did the only thing she could through the bars in response to his lurid glare. She spit through the bars hitting Raphael in the face with all of her disgust. He calmly wiped the spit away from his face. "I'm going to have fun breaking you. See you soon." With that Raphael left the detention cells and left the new inmates to their own devices and to imagine all that was to come when the men returned.  
  Left alone in their cages the group began to fall apart. There was no more need to keep strong faces and pretend that they were going to be saved at any moment. Leah paced back and forth in her cell trying to figure out what she was going to do. There was still the possibility of escape and if there really was no chance of that then she had to decide what she was going to do when Raphael came back for her. If she tried to fight with him as soon as she was released from her cage, he would probably tie her up and then she would be helpless to do anything to fight off his advances. If, however, she went willingly with him, perhaps she would be able to catch him off guard in a moment where he allowed his carnal urges to overcome his rational thinking. She really didn't think that she would be able to pretend that she was going to go along with any plan of his. She had already shown him her feelings for him and that kind of hatred was not easy to hide once it has been revealed. Leah still had no idea what she was going to do when he did come for her. It might not be until tomorrow, after the new group had been given the tour and shown the futility of resisting, but it would definitely be soon.
  In the cell on the other side of the room Leo and Donovan tried to come up with some sort of plan that would lead to escape. The boy in the same cell as them just sat ignoring the two and drew pictures on the walls with his fingers. It was amazing how different the boy was from Blake. Blake had seemed to grow up so much, so quickly. Blake had been fast approaching manhood. Leo looked over at the boy sitting content to just play and for a moment wished that it had been this boy who had been killed instead of Blake. Blake would have been an asset in this situation and would have been listening to the conversations of Leo and Donovan trying to come up with a plan of his own. Leo realized that he still hadn't heard what had happened to Blake, but decided against asking Donovan at this point. Right now they had to see if they could come up with a way of getting out and Donovan hadn't told Leo about Blake because it was most likely too hard for the man to come to grips with the horror he had seen. For now he had to focus on a plan of escape. He couldn't be dwelling on thoughts of Blake's death or how he wished the boy sitting on the bed was old enough or mature enough to add anything to the plans of escape or at the very least appreciate what they were trying to do. 
  Every scenario that Leo and Donovan went through led to the same conclusion that one of them would get shot trying to escape. Being confined in a small cell with someone having them exit at gunpoint didn't allow for too many variations and the gun would always be trained on one of them. No matter the surprise and quick movements that the pair performed to catch the man off guard there would almost certainly be a shot that was fired that would find a target in one of them. Donovan and Leo were doing a good job keeping occupied bouncing ideas off of one another and Leah was consumed with her own thoughts when they heard the door to their little prison open. All conversations and self contemplation ceased as the sound of the lock turning and the creak of a heavy door broke through any thoughts. The group of prisoners turned to the door waiting to see Raphael emerge, here to take Leah away to have some quality time together. Instead when the door opened wider they saw a smaller figure backing into the prison dragging something behind him. The figure was Blake and what he dragged in with him was the guard who had been stationed outside the prison to make sure there was no prison break. The man that Blake was dragging had an arrow in his eye and Blake was pulling him by the collar. The entire group of individuals that were still being held in their cells were silent as they watched the boy. This was the first time he had killed someone, as far as anyone in the group knew, and the boy seemed to be handling the situation expertly. Once he had the man inside he closed the door and started rummaging through the pockets of the dead man. When he found the keys in his pockets he opened the cell containing Leah first and handed her a pistol that he had in his pocket. He then ran over to Leo's cell and released them and gave Leo the shotgun that the dead man had with him when the arrow had pierced his eye. 
  Blake quickly explained that he had seen the men pulling up behind them while he was waiting in the van and hadn't had time to warn people who were waiting outside of the vehicles. He had climbed into the back and hid under some of the supplies that they had brought with them. When the men had dropped off the people here at this prison they had taken the vehicles to a building nearby as he had looked out the back window where the men had planned to unload the goods of all the vehicles. When they had been preoccupied unloading their newly acquired goods of one of the vehicles he had snuck out and made his way back to where he had seen the rest of his friends unloaded. Leo could hardly believe the ingenuity of the boy and the skill with which he had hidden and then escaped to free the rest of them. Nobody knew how they were going to get out of here but the mood of the prisoners had definitely changed from that of fear and loss to hope and excitement. They were determined to get out of here, but how they were going to get past the obstacles in front of them, they weren't sure.  
"Well what if we make some kind of distraction that gets all of them going in one direction while we head in another?" Donovan offered up as an option. 
"What kind of distraction can we cause that will get them all going towards something? None of us really know what is around us do we?" Leah asked. 
"Blake has seen the most of this base. What do you think Blake? Did you see anything that might help us get out of here?" Donovan asked.
"I didn't see much but I think there were some containers of gas next to the building just across the way. I don't know if they were full or not, but if we can start a fire I think people would come running right?" Blake asked looking for agreement in his plan. 
"Yeah I think that would work. We would still have to get past that guard at the gate, but I'm pretty sure if we play it right we can catch him off guard. It doesn't seem like these guys deal with many breakouts. Perhaps they have become complacent and bored in their duties of standing guard." Leo agreed.
"He said it himself though. We don't even know if they are full or not. We are just going to go blazing out of here on a kid's word that there might be gas in those containers?" The woman who was with the two girls stood up and put in her two cents about the situation trying to get people to see that it wasn't a very sound plan.
"If you have a better plan I am all ears, but there is nothing worse than just hanging here still in our prison cells basically and waiting for someone to notice that the guard outside is missing. Now we have to get moving. Blake, you and Donovan find a vehicle that can hold all of us, I don't care how crammed in we are but just one vehicle. That will leave us less chance of being separated. I will go check out the containers and see what I can rig up. Leah you stay here with the rest. Okay?" Everyone nodded in agreement except for Leah who pulled Leo aside just before the plan was about to go into action. 
"I have to find Raphael." Leah argued. 
"What do you mean? We have to get out of here. Once we get away from these guys we can find new vehicles and get more supplies, but for now we need to get on the other side of that chain link fence out there." Leo answered and started to turn away from her assuming that the discussion was through, but she grabbed his arm to show him that it wasn't done and turned him back towards her. 
"You don't understand. I have to find him and kill him. You don't know what people like him did to me." Leah whispered to Leo. Leo, in response to this, walked her further away from the others who were standing by the doorway waiting to leave this place once Leo and Leah had finished whatever they were talking about. Leah spoke to Leo in a whisper. "They found me just after things had started quieting down, when people were no longer screaming in the streets or setting off explosives that they thought were for the good of the world." Leah looked deep into Leo's eyes. There was so much pain and suffering in her and she allowed Leo to see if for the first time as she opened up to him. "They said they were there to help and that we needed to stay together. It was all lies of course, by the time I made it to one of their cars I saw that they already had a few other people in their cars and all of them were beaten and bound, just like in the cars that had come to the school. I turned to run only to find the butt of a gun that knocked me unconscious. I can't say all that they did to me. They weren't as organized as these guys, but their intent was the same and somehow I was able to get away from them. I am ashamed to say that I didn't even try and rescue any of the others, I just ran and I hid. Every night I am haunted by what happened to the people that I left behind, but I can't let them get away with this. I can't let them do this to more people." Leah was determined and had no intention of backing down and letting Leo talk her out of what she felt she needed to do. 
"I'm sorry, I, I didn't know, but right now we have to get these people out of here. We are in no shape to fight whatever forces they have in those other buildings. We need to get away and then if we get resupplied with more people and better weapons then maybe we can come back and put an end to these men. All of these people are counting on us to get them out of here. We have to start with them." Leo argued. Leah was torn between the two options, but she knew that she couldn't allow what had happened to her happen to the people she had become friends with in the school. As much as she wanted to drop this crew of needy individuals and go off to find Raphael she cared for them too much and knew that she needed to do her part to make sure they got away safely. 
"Fine, but once we get them all out of here I am coming back to take care of Raphael. I have to, he can't go unpunished."
"Okay, but first we have to get these people out of here. So you will stay with them until we have a distraction in play and we come back for you right?" Leo wanted to make sure that they had an understanding.
"Yeah, I'll stay with them." Leah agreed. Leo turned to go and tell the others that it was time to go and Leah grabbed him by the arm to stop him one more time. "Make sure they don't get caught. If getting caught becomes an option, kill them before that can happen. You don't want to imagine what they will do with the woman, the men will be killed harshly and Blake will grow up to be just like them. Think of that if you have to wrestle with the decision of whether to surrender to these men or fight on past the last person." Leah's words were so heavy and so serious that Leo reconsidered the plan for escape and then realized there weren't any other options, they didn't have any other plan for escape and so it was now or never with this or nothing. 
  They all went over the plan one last time and the weapons were distributed so that Donovan and Blake had the crossbow, as stealth would be important until they were able to secure a vehicle to use for their escape. Leah kept the gun that the guard had been in possession of until Blake had ceased the man's need for any protection. It was decided that if anybody did come back to the cells they needed some way to protect themselves and in the event that this happened it wouldn't be a matter of stealth anymore, but of speed that would get them all to safety. Leo knew that they were risking everything on this plan, but there didn't seem to be any alternatives to risking everything to get away from these devils masquerading as men. When they were all sure of their tasks and who they were going or staying with they opened the door and allowed Donovan, Blake and Leo to sneak out into the unknown of the military base. The three scattered in case there was anyone watching the prisoner area so they wouldn't all be picked off so easily. Leo headed to where Blake had said that he had seen the containers. Blake and Donovan proceeded to come together and look for a vehicle that would suit their needs. Donovan thought that the first vehicle they came across would be the suitable vehicle, they could all cram in as tightly as necessary, they all just needed to get passed the gate and then they could hide and come up with another plan before trying to go through or around the other checkpoints. 
  Leo ran to the closest building and held himself close to it. He had no idea where there might be guards located around the base or even how many men there were here. Staying close to the building and hoping the whole way to avoid contact with anyone, he slunk from building to building as best he could. When he finally got to the place where Blake had instructed him to go in search of the containers he saw twenty, five gallon metal containers of gas all lined up nicely. Leo thought to himself. Quietly and slowly he lifted the first can of fuel expecting it to be heavy and full. He was surprised to find it empty. The thought that this might just be the spot for the empty cans swept through him quickly as he went to the next can only to find that it too was empty. Can after can he lifted expecting it to be empty but hoping it would be full and can after can he was proven right and disappointed at the lack of weight in the empty cans. Failure was washing over him even before he had checked every can, he was more than halfway through the row of cans but knew the rest would be empty also. There were only three cans of possibly full containers left and he was fully prepared to have to go looking elsewhere for some other distraction. So when he went to lift the next can expecting the ease of an empty can he was pleasantly surprised to find the weight of a full can pulling against his arm. He checked the next two and found them also to be full. He had fifteen gallons of gasoline in which to bring all the men running in the wrong direction and he smiled in the knowledge that this would undoubtedly be enough to cause a large amount of commotion and allow his group to make it to the guard station at the gate without problem. When they got to the gate he wasn't sure how they were going to get past, but that was a problem to be solved at a later time. For now Leo started throwing the gasoline on the building spreading it out so as to light a large portion of the wood building on fire. From a dumpster nearby he found some paper to stuff into the hole of one of the cans to act as a fuse to light the rest of the gas and the building with it. 
"Oh shit." Leo said to himself out loud realizing the mistake he had made in his attempts to create a distraction that would bring people running to this fire that he had created. He had no way to ignite the gas. All the supplies that he usually carried with him and everything in his pockets had been taken by the men when he and the others had been loaded into the vehicles at the radio station. This large amount of gasoline sprayed all over a building wouldn't do him any good in attracting the rest of the men to a plume of smoke if there was no way to light it. Leo realized he was either going to have to find another way to draw the men's attention away from the cells or find some kind of way of igniting the fuel. In either case he wasn't going to find it waiting around here. With that decision he ventured back out into the base looking for something to aide him in helping his friends and getting out of here alive himself. Once again keeping to the shadows and corners as best he could, he had no idea what he was going to do, in fact he had no idea if the people back at the cells were still waiting for the distraction or if they had already been captured again and were being tortured to give information about the whereabouts of the rest of the prisoners. All he could do was to keep going with the plan and do as best as he could to hold up his part. 
  After traveling a short distance from the fuel storage area his concentration was ceased by voices from around the corner of one of the buildings. Leo instantly froze. He had no idea what to do. If these men discovered him they would surely bring him straight back to the cells where they would realize that nobody was where they were supposed to be, but these two men could hold the key to causing the distraction that he needed. He was torn and in this state he just stood still and didn't move. His silence and paralysis was broken as he heard one of the men talking to the other. 
"Hey man I gotta take a piss. I'll be right back." 
"You going inside?" His partner asked.
"Nah just around the corner."
Leo heard these words and realized it was his only chance at acquiring something that would allow his friends to make their way off the base even if he wasn't with them when they left. Looking around the corner where the man had gone to relive himself, Leo saw the man facing away from him. With the utmost care, watching every step he took to make sure not to alert him, Leo crept up behind the man. While the man was engaged in the task at hand Leo came closer, with extreme caution that his shadow wouldn't alert the man as he urinated. When he was as close as possible, without alerting the man, Leo lunged at the man and grabbed at his head. Before the captor even attempted to cry for help or shake Leo off he went for his pants to try and cover himself. This insecurity that is so established in people allowed Leo the time to get into position and twist the man's head snapping his neck with only a small cracking noise, nothing to alert the other guard around the corner. The body went limp and dropped to the ground. Without hesitation Leo started rummaging through the pockets of the dead man at his feet. Luckily the man was a smoker and had a lighter in one pocket and a pack of cigarettes in the other. Also in the man's pockets was a ring of keys. Leo took these and Grabbed the assault rifle that hung in a sling around the man's shoulder and the pistol in a holster at his side then made a dash away from the body and headed quickly back to the fuel storage area. Making sure to stay out of plain sight he kept himself against the buildings as he had done on the way from the prison. Leo made it to the fuel storage, lit the fuse he had constructed using some paper just to give himself some extra time, he then started back to the prison. 
  As he held himself against one of the buildings, making sure the coast was clear he heard someone calling out from inside. The yell was muffled as if being held behind a pillow. Taking care not to be noticed he looked through the window of the building into a large room. Inside he could see a woman tied to a chair with a rag tied around her mouth. She looked as if she was new to the base, just like Leo and his friends. She didn't look as if she had been beaten and looked like her spirit was still intact judging by the amount of struggling she was doing in the chair. Leo scanned the room quickly to see if there was anyone else in there, perhaps taking pleasure in the futile struggling of the woman. He couldn't see anyone but that didn't mean that she was alone. He wondered if she was all that was left of the captives in the vehicles that had visited the school. She hadn't noticed Leo as he looked in the window so he could just keep going back to the prison and leave the woman here without feeling guilty for raising her spirits and hope only to leave her here alone. He began to walk away from the building knowing that it was too much of a risk to go storming into a room to save someone he didn't know while so many were waiting on him and relying on his return. As he had determined to leave the woman he heard her call out for help once again with that same muffled sound and he couldn't fight off the feeling of guilt anymore and knew that a call for help such as hers would haunt his nights if he made it out of here safely without attempting to help the woman inside. 
  Leo looked through the window one more time to make sure that he still couldn't see anyone else in the room. He then tested the doorknob and found it to be unlocked. As he turned the knob to the door he heard the explosion from behind him of the gasoline barrels igniting and lighting the building on fire. Leo had no time to spare. He pushed open the door hard and entered the room with his rifle ready for anyone that he hadn't seen. There wasn't anyone else in the room, he ran to the woman and quickly untied her. 
"Is there anyone else here?" He asked as he untied the ropes that bound her and untied the rag around her mouth.
"No I am the only one." She answered. Leo wasn't sure if she was saying that there wasn't anyone else in her party or if she was saying that none of the men who had captured her were in the building with her. In either case the action to be taken was the same. Leo helped the woman to her feet.
"My name is Leo, my friends and I were captured by these men, but we are leaving. Come with me if you like." He told her, allowing her to make up her own mind whether to trust the man who had just freed her or to take her chances on her own. She didn't see much choice in the matter and so only looked at him gratefully and responded "Okay". The two ran out of the building just as the gas ignited. The time for stealth had come and gone, now speed was essential. The two ran swiftly back to the prison where his friends were inside waiting still. Leo knocked on the door to alert the people inside that it was him and not one of their captives who was about to come through the doorway. 
"It's me, Leo. Open up." He called quietly to those inside. The door opened quickly and he jumped inside as quickly as he could with the woman he had rescued just behind him. Leo looked around the inside of the prison area and didn't see Blake or Donovan. "Where are they? They're not back yet?" Leo asked nobody in particular. 
"No, we haven't seen them yet. We assumed you all got caught. You have been gone for a while. Who is this?" Leah asked Leo.
"I don't know. I found her tied up on my way back and I couldn't just leave her there." Leo answered. 
"Saving damsels in distress huh Leo? While we wait here assuming you had all been captured." Leah continued with a tone of anger and sarcasm lacing her words with venom to show Leo that she didn't approve of his actions.
"It doesn't matter now. I set the fuel on fire, they are sure to come checking on us quickly, once they realize it wasn't an accident. We have to get out of here. Where the hell is Donovan?" Leo asked aggravated by the fact that he had completed his task while Donovan was still unaccounted for. "I am going to go look for them" He continued.
"What? You can't. What if they come back and you are out looking for them. We will have to leave without you or get caught again ourselves." Leah argued. 
"Well if we don't get some transportation we are sitting ducks here just waiting for the men who caught us to realize what is going on. I can't just sit here and wait." Leo told the group and Leah in particular. 
"Fine, go then. If they come back, we are not waiting for you to show back up." Leah answered for the group. Leo walked over to the door and was about to run out of the door in search for a vehicle when there was a knock at the door. Everyone inside froze and then brought their weapons up to the door, ready for whoever was about to come through the door. 
"He guys. Let's go." Blake called from the other side of the door. A wave of relief exhaled into the room as the weapons were lowered. Leo opened the door to find Blake waiting outside and Donovan parked in front of the building in a large Humvee. It was a light brown color with what appeared to be armored doors. It would fit all of them easily as they all piled into the vehicle. Leo and Leah were the last outside of the vehicle. Leo looked at Leah and motioned for her to get in before him. 
"I'm not going." She answered his gesture. 
"What do you mean you aren't going?" Leo asked in confusion.
"I have to do what I can and stop these guys."
"On your own? You are going to take on these guys by yourself? Are you insane?" Leo argued with her.
"No, I just have to do this. I can't let them do to anyone else what they did to me." 
"We can come back, after we get more supplies and people, we can come back and make them pay for what they have done." Leo told her trying to convince her that they needed to leave.
"No, I have made up my mind. With you guys escaping they won't expect that one person stayed behind. I'll be fine." Leah told him trying to put on a face of confidence. 
"What about Blake? Who is going to take care of him if you don't come with us?" Leo tried everything to get her to get in the car and come with them. 
"He can take care of himself now. He showed that today." She answered giving him a little smile as he stayed seated in the Humvee. "We don't have time to argue about this. Get in, you have to get out of here. They all depend on you."
"Damn it! You can't just stay here." Leo full of frustration yelled at her. 
"I've decided, it's done. Now get the hell out of here before they spot you." Leah had obviously decided on her own course of action and Leo knew he wasn't going to dissuade her and he had the rest of the people to look after now. 
"Fine! Take this." Leo gave her the rifle and pistol he had taken from the dead man. We will still be in town for a few more days getting things ready and then we will continue with our plan to head to New Mexico. If you make it out of here we will have our CB radios on channel 21. We will only answer to you, so if anyone else tries to contact on your behalf we will not respond." Leo finally conceded and got into the vehicle. 
"Thank you. I have to do this. I will see you all again." The words held a confidence that Lead didn't believe herself. Leah waved as the vehicle pulled away heading towards the gate they had entered the base through. As soon as they were on their way she ran off with the rifle around her shoulder and the pistol in hand. She was off to find Raphael and make him pay for all the injustices that he had committed in a fragile world of people looking anywhere for hope. If she happened across any others who had taken part in his schemes and mistreatment of people along the way she would judge each of them accordingly. Only when this base of death and despair was dismantled would she leave to possibly be reunited with those that she cared about on their way to New Mexico. Only then could she join them in looking for their own hope and redemption. She knew that theirs was a journey most likely to end in disappointment, but she knew how important it was to have a goal and attempt to fulfill that goal at all costs. She had her own goal to attain now as she moved between the buildings. She found a building that wasn't run down, but didn't look as if it was in constant use by the men inhabiting the base. Here is where she would hide and wait until the excitement of the day had ended. She hoped that it would end in the escape of her friends but if it only resulted in their capture once again she would already be inside waiting to break them out once again. If however they did escape by some miracle then she would be left to her own mission of finding the men responsible for this heinous group of individuals and inflicting suffering where once suffering had been dispatched. 
  Leo couldn't help but feel bad as he watched Leah run off away from the Humvee in the side view mirror. He knew that her chances of surviving, let alone taking out Raphael and disbanding this group of evil was all but nonexistent, but she had decided her own course. Those in his party were all sitting crammed close to one another as Donovan drove. They were headed back to the entrance they had come through using only the collective memories of those in the vehicle as directions around this maze of a military base. Soon enough they found their way back towards the gate they had come through and could see it just ahead of them. When they had come in there had only been one guard at the station and they all hoped that it would still be this way. The Humvee hopefully would give them some cover and allow them to come very close to the guard without arousing much suspicion. As the group drove on with a confidence of someone that should be headed towards the guard station there was silence. Donovan handed Leo a pistol that he had taken from the man Blake had been forced to kill with another arrow while retrieving their escape vehicle. Leo took it and immediately understood what the plan was. The guard in the station saw the vehicle coming towards him and assumed that some of the men were going on an outing for some more supplies. It wasn't irregular for men to go out on little raiding parties collecting liquor or toys that they hadn't been able to afford in the previous world. Donovan drove quickly up to the man so as not to allow him too much response time and as he stopped next to the guard, only giving him a brief moment to recognize that these were not the men who would be going out on a raiding party, Leo shot the man in the face. Leo was quickly amassing a death toll of his own. He had killed first his roommate, then the unsuspecting man taking a piss and now the guard. He was also losing the regret that he thought should accompany murder as he began to justify the killings to himself. The Guard fell to the ground dead instantly and Donovan stepped on the gas breaking through the barrier. It was only a wooden barrier and so the large vehicle made short work of it. The group had made it out of the base, but now came the question of where to go. 
  As the group drove without any real direction it was decided that they should just try and head away from this place as best they could. Leo had also told Leah that they would be in town for a few more days so he opted that when they were far enough away from the base they should stop where they could all get some rest. 
  After the group drove some distance from the base, they decided that the men might not have been as organized or as large in numbers as they had appeared at first. The thought of this gave Leo a glimmer of hope that Leah might actually succeed in her mission and maybe even survive to escape the base and find the rest of them. After a little more driving, without any signs of the men, it was agreed that a hotel would be nice and that it would most likely have parking to hide their vehicle to avoid detection.
  As the group walked into the main hall of the hotel they passed rotting corpses laying against each wall. Leo went behind the counter to find out which rooms were left unoccupied when the virus had hit. By now most of them were very used to seeing dead bodies all around the place in their final positions before madness had taken hold and threw their body to the wind of insanity letting it fall wherever the nearest car accident or large building to jump from was located. It was still a force of habit to cover the children's eyes so that they would be spared the sight of death at every turn. The girls eyes were covered by the woman who had basically taken the children as her own. Donovan covered the eyes of the other boy and it was generally accepted that now that Blake had killed a man he was able to handle the sight of dead people and so nobody even bothered to try and cover his eyes. The Hotel lobby was a disaster, it looked as if the concierge had thought people were trying to rob the hotel and had opened fire on some unsuspecting guests while trying to defend the hotel from his own psychosis. There were blood spatter patters on the wall and bodies that had collapsed just below the spatter patterns. Leo went behind the counter and found some rooms that were close to one another and hadn't been occupied when the end had come for this hotel. As a group, they made it upstairs and found their rooms. 
  Before he would be able to relax he had to talk to the woman he had rescued from the base. Leo had to be sure that he could trust the woman. Perhaps even the vilest of men had justified reasons to tie the woman to a chair and leave her there. Everyone else was in their rooms without a thought as to what the next move for their little group would be, they were just happy to be out of the base and away from the men who had shown them that evil had survived the devastation just as well as fear and loneliness. Leo passed their rooms, where everyone was quiet inside. He made his way to the woman's room that he had met a few hours ago and technically hadn't even met yet. Leo came to the door and knocked softly as not to startle her. He stood outside the door as he heard her feet come to the door and assumed she was looking through the peephole to make sure it was safe outside. It wasn't likely that she was going to feel comfortable for a long time. Seeing her tied to the chair made it obvious to Leo that she had already been through an ordeal and he had rescued her from that before it took an even bigger turn for the worse. After what Leo felt was a long time waiting at the door while the woman looked through at him and decided if she should let him into the room or even acknowledge that she was inside, he heard the doorknob turning to let him in. She opened the door slowly and cautiously in the event that he tried to push his way into the room. Leo threw on his best friendly smile. 
"Hi, my name is Leo. I was the one who found you tied to the chair." Leo began, realizing this wasn't the best way to start a conversation with a recent survivor of the base. 
"I remember. What do you want?" She answered sharply.
"I just wanted to talk for a bit. Is it alright if I come inside?" Leo told the woman. 
While she was still scared, she kept eye contact betraying her physical meekness with her obvious internal strength. 
"Please, not right now. Can we do this another time? My name is Angela and I swear I am not going to be any problem. I really appreciate you getting me out of there, but I just need some time alone to figure things out. Is that okay?" Angela answered.
"Yeah sure. I just wanted to let you know you are free to come with us if you'd like, or go your own way if you prefer." Leo responded.
"Thank you." Was all that she said and then went back to her quiet contemplation, dismissing Leo as she looked away, back to her thoughts.
Leo wasn't sure what to make of the encounter, but he was fairly confident that she wasn't a threat to the people he had already attracted. With that conversation behind him he went back to his room and fell asleep in security. The rush of adrenaline of the capture and the escape had taken what reserves the group had stored up for the days trip and so they slept. Even Angela was able to rest knowing that the men in the base would not touch her again today. She couldn't fool herself into thinking that they would never touch her again, but for now she was safe and so for now she could sleep.

CHAPTER 19: Preparations

  The hotel had a faint odor of decomposing bodies. People woke from their naps and had a brief whiff of the scent of the dead and then their minds tossed this realization aside as unimportant data. Well rested, the people in the hotel were feeling pretty good about their situation and the level of relaxation had never been higher among the group, except perhaps just before their first encounter with Raphael. In the school there had been tension of who could trust whom in the beginning and then there we decisions of power followed by distributions of work and all of these things had been handled elegantly. Once the group had been captured the level of stress had skyrocketed as every decision made by an individual or for an individual could directly impact whether they survived to live another day in this deceased world. Here in the hotel there was the introduction of Angela and the possibility that she wasn't to be trusted nagging at the back of people's minds. This was a minor inconvenience that they hardly noticed in the aftermath of the extreme stress and pressure that they had just recently escaped. The introduction and acceptance of Angela was fairly quick as the group had been through too much to keep up with distrust and continually looking over their shoulders. The state that she had been found in suggested to them all, that she had been a prisoner just like them and had no connection with the men beyond that. 
  When everyone was allowed to sleep as long as they wanted Leo took on the task of bringing them all together again to meet and decide what the next course of action should be. They all decided that just meeting in one of the rooms would be fine since the rest of the hotel hadn't been checked for any threats or sights that the children should be shielded from. All they knew was that their rooms were clean and without horror. In this brief meeting Leo just wanted to find out what the feelings of the group were. 
  The group decided that they would wait for a week to hear from Leah before attempting to leave the city anyway. There were jobs to be done by the group before they would be ready to leave the city. The Humvee was a great vehicle for escaping from armed men and locked down army bases, but the mileage it would get per gallon of gas was for shit. They would need to find new vehicles to carry everyone out of town and they would need supplies such as fuel, food and water. Leo set to handing out tasks as he saw appropriate. He made sure to put himself and Angela on some tasks together to get to know one another and to hopefully increase her trust in him and thereby the entire group that he was representing. Aside from the tasks that were to be completed in the next week, there would also be a large amount of down time for people to relax in comfort. There wasn't a generator to get the whole building going again and there wasn't even any hot water but the group was glad for what they had and they were going to enjoy the time they had before the trip to the unknown in New Mexico.
  In the military base, where Leah had decided to stay, she had found a building to hide in and had watched as Leo and the rest of her party had made their way past the base's guard station. She had looked out form a window in a room on the third floor of the building she had decided would be her own base of operations within this hostile territory. A smile crossed her face when she saw her friends in the Humvee almost stop at the guard station, the sound of a single round being fired and then the continuation of the vehicle away from this place. It was most likely that nobody would notice that one shot when there was a building on fire within what was supposed to be these evil men's place of safety. Once her friends seemed safely away she watched from a different window towards the fire waiting to see what kind of response the men would have and how many there would be coming to help out in the situation. A disaster such as this would likely get everyone to come running to help with the fire and then to check on the prisoners. When it was discovered that the prisoners had escaped there would be a search party that wouldn't turn up anything except for a dead guard at the gate who had allowed the escape of the individuals. From her position in the building Leah thought she would be able to get a fairly accurate count of how many men were occupying this base. Once she knew how many there were she could observe their movements and find Raphael again. If she could, she would kill any other of her former captors but would not sacrifice the chance to kill Raphael herself just for the opportunity to kill another one of the men here. 
  Just as she thought, the men came running to the fire, first just to see where the smoke was coming from, but then to try and stop it from spreading. Leo had done a great job spreading the gas along the whole wall of the building and the fire lapped at the walls converting their potential energy into flames to be spread further up the building. From her perch she watched as people evacuated buildings no doubt being ordered through walkie talkie to do whatever they could to stop the fire and possibly salvage the building. Like ants without the trail of the lead ant to follow, the men scurried around in disorganization. None of them had been trained to be firemen, in fact since their time with this group none of the men had been trained to perform any kind of skill. While they could have been uniting to form a community of diverse skills the men had only relished in their victory as pirates and scoundrels picking the bones of a dead city. While some men tried to find water sources enough to fight the blaze some others were sent to check on their valuable resources. There was a party of men that were huddled around Raphael and then all disbursed to different buildings. Leah took notice of these men as one party went to check on what had been their prison and two others checked other buildings that were located around the blaze. The man who had been sent to check on the prison came running back to Raphael; the other men came jogging back from their assigned buildings with less haste. Undoubtedly the man who had come running back to Raphael was relaying to Raphael the scene of the empty cells and dead guard who they had left on the floor just inside their prison. Leah wondered what was held in the other two buildings and decided that she would have to find out if the opportunity presented itself. There might be supplies of value such as weapons or food that would come in handy if she did make it off the base alive. The men had found some fire hoses somewhere and were attempting to hook them up to fire hydrant, eventually they were able to get it hooked up. Leah watched in anticipation for the disappointment on the men's faces when the water didn't flow from lack of pressure, instead she was surprised to see the water shoot from the hose as it went to attacking the blaze at its base. Raphael didn't take any joy from this success as he had just gotten news that his prisoners had escaped. He sent someone to the gate to see if the guard had seen anything, because the man wasn't answering his walkie talkie to give any acknowledgement as to the escape of the prisoners from the base. Leah watched as a vehicle made its way out to the guard station and turned around immediately heading back to Raphael. While the car was away Raphael was on his own cursing and just watching as the men tried to fight the fire in vain. Leah held the rifle Leo had given her to the window and looked through the sites and could see the frustration on Raphael's face. 
The thought of taking the shot from where she was crossed her mind but she knew that with this type of gun there was such a small chance of hitting him that it wouldn't be worth giving away her position and the possibility of surprise later on when he was more vulnerable. Just the feeling of having him in her sites gave her more pleasure then she had felt in a long time. The safety of the school and the companionship of Leo had been nice but the ideas of the many different ways she was going to torture Raphael and eventually take his life were more thrilling and satisfying than any peace or safety could be for her. Perhaps when he was dead and had paid for all his misdeeds she would be able to relax and enjoy what little hope and peace had survived in the world, until then she had a task of her own to complete to make the world a better place. She had counted a total of seventeen men running around the base in response to the fire and jail break. There was also the possibility that there were others out on raids, or collecting more prisoners through all the chaos below, and Leah hadn't seen the man that Raphael had seemed to answer to. The man who had stayed in the car and not even bothered to exit and acknowledge the people at the radio station was probably secure somewhere leaving the situation in Raphael's hands and expecting results without the necessity of him taking part or giving orders. The idea that the leader of this little organization didn't even need to leave his place of security for a fire or the news of escapees frustrated and angered her almost as much as the sight of Raphael. She knew then that his lack of presence outside during the events of the day meant that if she wanted to actually impact this group of men she would have to kill that man as well as Raphael. Without a doubt the remaining men would pick up where those two had left off, but hopefully they wouldn't be as efficient or as cruel as Raphael and the unknown leader had been. Perhaps there would be some progress towards less violence. Maybe the new incarnation of these men, soon to be without their leaders would take on a less severe outlook on the world and belief in what they must do to survive. This was all that she could hope for, she didn't want to fool herself into believing that she would be able to kill eighteen men or get them to give up the life that they have become so comfortable with even after their two leaders have been killed. It just wasn't reasonable to think that she could have that large of an impact on this place. 
  Leah continued to wait and watch as men fought the fire until it was beaten. The men were then regrouped and sent out past the gate to see if there were any signs of the escapees. Leah was sure that Leo wouldn't let them find their group of survivors and so she decided to settle into her little refuge until nightfall. At that point she would make her way out into the base and try and find out what was in those two buildings that the groups of men had been sent to investigate when the fire had broken out. There was obviously something of value in those buildings, at least to Raphael or the man above him who told Raphael what to do. If it was valuable to them she would take pleasure in relieving the men of their treasure or destroying it out of spite for what they had become. 
  When nightfall came Leah kept hidden, watching from her perch to see what kind of patrol would be out in the base. She waited to see if there were men with flashlights roaming between the buildings, but she didn't see anyone. The fact that there didn't seem to be anyone watching over the base at night worried her, she could only come up with two explanations, either they were all inside sound asleep, safe in the fact that their base was secured by a fence and a guard station or there were people just watching over the valuable areas of the base. The latter was far more likely, after all they weren't great in numbers and to have men patrolling a whole military base out of routine and paranoia didn't seem very reasonable, but having a few select individuals at specific areas to watch over valuables seemed like a much more efficient use of manpower. Before she had totally convinced herself that she wasn't going to run into any trouble while looking around the base a third possibility came to her. There could be men hiding in perches, just as she was, with a bird's eye view of the base waiting for someone to go running carelessly between buildings. This was a military base after all. There were probably some kind of infrared goggles, or night vision at the least, lying around the base just waiting for someone to find and use as a defensive measure. This last idea had to be purged from her thoughts because it was just too daunting a possibility. If the men were that well equipped she wouldn't stand a chance at getting to Raphael or his boss in the night and the thought of running around in the daylight with everyone totally awake and aware was too much of a risk. Leah had to leave the safety of this building as she had left the safety of the school and she had to do it tonight. She didn't have any supplies with her beside the guns she was carrying and she didn't expect to find a stockpile of food and water just waiting for her to show up. Speed and efficiency were key factors in her current situation. She had to find the men, kill them and get out of the base undetected so that she could reconvene with Leo and the others before they left or she would have to find food, water and shelter of her own. Realizing this necessity for the essentials and that she was in a situation of survival that needed to be executed quickly put her in a motivated mindset. She left the building quietly and aware of any sounds around her. Creeping around buildings and staying out of the open Leah made it to the first building she had seen men run to and check on when Raphael had given out orders and scattered the men to check on the assets of the base.
There was no electricity powering the building, but from a distance she could see lanterns glowing inside illuminating the first floor of the two story building. Leah crept closer, stopping every couple of steps to see if there was any sound coming from inside that she could here or if there was anyone around her trying to move in stealth as well. Each time she stopped she was relieved to hear only silence around her, but the distant sound of voices coming from inside the building called her closer. As quietly as she could she made her way to one of the windows and peaked inside. The voices of two men were the only sounds breaking the silence of the building. Leah couldn't see why the two men were stationed there or what they were guarding. They seemed totally preoccupied with playing some card game, neither of them seemed too dedicated to the work they were supposed to be doing. If she could just walk up to their building and look in the window, she might be able to see what was so important that it required two guards through the night. She assumed the men hadn't had too many assaults on the base. Even with the recent escape of the prisoners these men looked relaxed as if they didn't have a care in the world. To Leah they seemed like they had the arrogance of kids who had joined the army, but the ability of trust fund babies. In both cases she didn't see these two as much of a threat even if they had been fully engaged in the task that they had been assigned. Leah decided that she should check on the other site that the men had rushed to guard and so dissolved back into the night as easily as she had emerged into the light of the building. She made her way easily and undetected to the other building. Again it was lit with lanterns inside but instead of the muffled talks of the last building this one quaked with cries of pain and lost hope. Leah peaked in the window hoping to find only two men distracted by their own ineptitude. What she found instead was three men with a metal wall of bars behind them to separate themselves from what lay on the other side. Through the bars Leah was able to see a long row of beds up against each wall. In those beds lay the sins of these men. 
In those beds curled up in fetal positions, trying to find safety in the ball they had created with their body, whimpering to themselves lay the women and the young girls that these men had captured along their way to forming this group of vile individuals here at the base. In those whimpers Leah heard every bit of painful injustice done to these women. In the tears that seemed to roll down every cheek she could see her own experiences with these types of men reflected back on her. Leah was one of the only people still alive who understood the pain and fear that the women on the other side of that locked wall were experiencing. Leah dropped down so that she couldn't see through the window anymore; the sight of the women and children was weakening her resolve to stay just as long as it took to kill Raphael and the man who directed him. Through all the excitement of escape and vengeance Leah's whole party had forgotten their had been people taken with Raphael when he left the school last. These women were pulling at her past, they were reminding her how much she had hoped for someone to come and rescue her when she had been at the mercy of men like these. She remembered the tears she had shed, wishing that she could just be anywhere else, safe and free from his torturous gaze and obscene touch. It reminded her of the many nights she had looked to the window herself in hopes that someone was just outside who was going to come to her rescue and release her from the inhumane treatment of those men. She couldn't allow herself to be sidetracked into trying to save these women. She had stayed behind and forfeited that safety for the sole purpose of killing Raphael. She had already taken on another task of killing the man that dictated Raphael's behavior, to add to that saving of all these women would most assuredly result in failure on all fronts. Leah looked into the room once more and made the decision that she would have to live with; she turned and started to head back to the safety of her perch in the unoccupied building.
 As she made it around the corner of the building she heard voices in the building directly across from them. The door opened, letting light flood out into the street. A man that she didn't recognize emerged from the lit room with a woman's arm held tightly as he dragged her behind. Pulling her as she passively resisted, the man took her inside the building with the women's cell. Leah couldn't help but look once again inside to see what was happening. The cell was opened as he came in and the woman was thrown to the floor. 
"Alright, who's next?" The man asked as the woman by his feet crawled back to her bed. All the women seemed to flinch in unison and pull away from the man. "What? No volunteers? I guess I'll just have to decide then. Hmmmm, maybe a blonde tonight for the boys." The man said to them and grabbed the nearest woman with blonde hair, dragging her out of the group cell by her hair so that she would follow. Leah hid around the corner of the building as the man left the building with the woman's hair in hand pulling her along. She watched as the man led her back across the street and closed the door behind him. 
There was no longer an option for Leah. She had seen too much and could no longer make herself believe that she would be able to live with herself if she left these women to the devices of this crew. Even if she was able to kill Raphael and his boss, the men wouldn't just let these women go, they would continue on with what they had become accustomed to. They would keep walking these poor girls back and forth from their cage to the horrors of the imagination that lay waiting to pounce in the building on the other side of the street. Leah couldn't leave these women. Even if it meant that she didn't get to kill Raphael, even if it meant that she didn't get to leave this place alive, she had to try and be the rescuer to these women that had never come for her in her hour of need. This idea changed everything for her. Once again she looked inside and saw that the men inside were also very comfortable in their positions, their weapons were against the wall and not ready for any surprise action, but still there were three of them and in the building close by there were an unknown number of men waiting. If she fired a shot in the silence of night, there would surely be a panic and a rush to check on the captives. Leah didn't know how she was going to do it but she had to find a way of getting those women free. Leah made her way to the building across the street but with windows covered she had no idea of how many people were inside, all she could hear were the shrieks intermingled with sobs that can only be created by an act of rape. Leah didn't know how many were inside but she was sure that they all deserved to die. 
  Leah made her way back to her perch in the building she had chosen to be her safe house surrounded by the evilness of mankind. Along the way she had stopped in to once again look at the two men in the first building she had come across. They were still inside playing their cards with their weapons off to the side. If she was going to take on the force that was behind that windowless building she was going to need more weapons to arm the freshly freed women. The weapons of these preoccupied men would have to do. It was going to be tricky, but she would come up with a plan to try and save those girls as well as kill the men responsible for the atrocities hidden away behind the chain link fence. Even in a world as fractured as what it had become after the virus had passed, these men had gone too far in their attempts to regain some control and power in a world in disarray. In her little room she pulled out a couple of windows from their frames and put them under some tarps she had found in the building and broke the glass in silence. She then went to making small daggers out of the glass, wrapping what would be the handles with strips of the tarp. She was able to make eight of these daggers during the night and then decided that she had to get some rest if she was going to be taking on the small army of the military base on the following night. The sleep she had was dreamless and she woke with a start the next day as if she hadn't slept at all. The first thoughts, as she grasped at reality trying to remember where she was and what she was doing here evaded her first attempt, only confusion filled her mind, but slowly the guns and the makeshift knives brought meaning back to the world and reminded her what her task was to be this evening. The rest of the day, from the safety of her hiding place, she watched the men as they went about their day without the slightest idea that come tonight things would be different. Leah waited in anticipation for the night to come, the darkness would hide her plan and give her the stealth she would need to go up against the eighteen or so men that awaited her attack. 

CHAPTER 20: Rearmed
  
Back at the hotel Leo and the others were taking some leisure time to themselves and trying to get back to their usual selves, whatever their usual selves had become. As Donovan and Leo went out in search of supplies they began to talk about days gone by and what each had been before the rise of the virus. Donovan was surprised to hear that Leo had been a nerd in the past life playing video games and dressing up in suits of armor. It just seemed like such a far stretch for Leo to have come all the way from that man-child to the leader he had become. Leo had become confident in his decisions and decisive in his actions. 
They had decided not to take a vehicle as it might draw too much attention and be too easy a target for anyone nearby. They were on foot with duffle bags wrapped around them. They had already found some food that would keep on their journey and were now trying to find somewhere where they might get some weapons to protect the group. All that they had between them at this point was the pistol that Donovan had given Leo to shoot the guard as they broke free of the base and Blake's crossbow. The two had searched through a couple sporting goods stores and hadn't found any weapons inside. The stores either didn't carry that kind of merchandise, had already been picked clean by other travelers, or perhaps even the men inhabiting the base at this point. 
The two men started looking in windows as they walked trying to find businesses that might have firearms by the register to fend of robberies. They found a bar and a gas station and were disappointed in both instances. They continued walking through the streets looking down alleys to try and find possible seedy bars that would need some kind of protection from the element that frequented a bar located down an alley. Every building that they looked into through dirty glass left them empty handed. Leo was frustrated and didn't think that they were going to find anything when he heard Donovan from across the street. 
"Jesus Christ?..Come check this out." Leo couldn't help but smirk as the new world priest took the lords name in vain. 
"What is it?" Leo called from across the street.
"Just get over here." Donovan was still looking into the same building. It had a metal gate that had been locked to cover all the windows. Leo was intrigued at what had caught the man's attention so fully and so he hurried across the street. Even though there hadn't been a moving car on these streets for some time Leo still looked left, then right, then left again out of habit to make sure no car was coming. When he made it to the other side of the street all he saw was a building with bars protecting the windows and merchandise inside from looters. The name on the building was in-descript and didn't do anything to illuminate passersby as to the nature of the business it simply said "Ralph's". The sight through the window however made Leo's eyes grow as wide as Donovan's. The two looked between the bars and into the dusty glass. Inside the business there were stacks and stacks of ammunition. Alongside the stacks of bullets was gun after gun all lined up with barrel pointed towards the ceiling. The men had just found their own personal armory. If they could get access to this building there would be no need to look any further for weapons. The two men couldn't take their faces away from the windows. The two men stood looking in the window like children lusting after toys that have just arrived at the store and are displayed perfectly in the window for the first time. Through those metal bars and dirty glass was all the security that anyone in their situation would need. They had learned firsthand that in this world it didn't pay to be unprepared and underequipped. 
  In one of their bags Leo had put a crowbar which he assumed would come in handy and it was already going to prove its usefulness. Leo pulled it from the bag and went to work on breaking the lock that held the bars shut. It didn't take much effort,  just the right angle of leverage. With the gate opened there was the possibility of just breaking through the window to get access but with crowbar in hand Leo opted to break open the door. If they were going to have to make multiple trips it would be best to make the place look like it hadn't been broken into, if they covered up the windows with a sheet or curtain and put the gate back in place most likely a lucky passerby wouldn't think twice about the shop and accidently come across the cache of weapons that the two had left behind. The door snapped open easier then the lock on the gate had. The two men rushed in to see what treasures awaited them.
"Oh shit." Leo stood in awe.
"Wow, this is amazing." Donovan answered.
 Before they even started loading anything into the bags they both walked around the shop looking at all the protection now at their disposal. It would definitely be a hard choice as to what to take on their first trip back to the hotel. They looked at one another and then started rifling through their bags, throwing out anything that wasn't essential. Priorities had changed with the discovery of this business and some things had to go. Crackers and can food were thrown from the bags without care for the condition that they landed. The two men loaded up as much as they could in the bags. Each of them put their respective bags outside and then proceeded to close the door and make the gate that guarded the windows look as it if hadn't been tampered with. The men then made their way back to the hotel lugging the weight of so much potential death with them. The people at the hotel would be really surprised at what the men had found on their recent outing. The stocking up for the coming trip was going well, vehicles had been found that would carry the group away from this place, to somewhere that might have a modicum of hope left for this world and now security had been obtained.
Contentment is a killer. While this hotel was a place of solitude away from the men at the base it wasn't far enough for Leo and it didn't offer any future for the group. Leo had no idea what to expect in New Mexico, but if there had been a group sent there specifically to research and find a cure to this virus then it would be a place protected at all costs and possibly even resilient enough to survive the end of the world. It was going to be hard to convince people that they had not yet reached a safe destination. This area was tainted with death in the streets and even inside their hotel with murders and suicides of all manners. This was no place to bring about a new world. While, from the ashes of fires new sustenance is brought to the soil and new life sprouts, this wouldn't be the case for this city any time soon. The sights that surrounded them and constant fear of the men finding them, who were still only a short distance away would never let the people start a new life of their own and would keep them buried beneath the ash of the past world unable to bring new life. Leo would have to convince some of them of this fact.

CHAPTER 21: Leah's Revenge

Leah had lay waiting for darkness to come, watching from the window as the men scurried below her. They had been sending out parties in vehicles all day long, undoubtedly to continue searching for her friends that had made it off of the base. She was sure that they were exceedingly pissed off about the situation and the escape of the individuals. As she watched men go back and forth to the building that held the women, each time bringing one out or another back Leah worried that their escape was being taken out on the women. She couldn't tell from her distance whether or not the women were being beaten after the men had taken what they wanted from the woman, but whenever one was being brought back to the communal cell they seemed to be getting dragged and unable or unwilling to carry their own weight back to their cage. Leah watched as one after another the women were taken back and forth while she waited, it was almost too much for her to bare. The thought of just running over there in the evening light and not waiting for darkness crossed her mind. While she might be able to save the single girl being taken across the street, the man that she would undoubtedly kill would alert the rest with his absence. She had to hold fast in her current spot and in one quick stroke try to rescue all the women confined.
Darkness waivered for a bit, it mocked her with the twilight that just wouldn't commit to total darkness. Leah gathered the guns that she had and the knives she had created from the glass shards and waited by her window. She hadn't seen any movement for a while and the waiting was just increasing her anxiousness. With every second that ticked by while she waited, the plan went through her mind and she saw every possibility for how it could go wrong. There was so much relying on perfect timing and a great deal of luck and she knew that the idea of her taking out a large group of well equipped men wasn't very likely, but she had to try. She was past the point of simply walking away and reconvening with her friends. She had to go through with the plan she had rehearsed and as the darkness finally completely blanketed the base, the time for action had come. 
Leah carried the knives attached to her belt. She had tied them there with strips of tarp that hadn't been used to make handles around the glass shards. Her pistol was readily accessible in her pocket while she held the rifle with both hands pointing it ahead of her. If anyone tried to jump out in front of her to surprise her or just happened to walk around the wrong corner she would shoot without hesitation. While this would kill one of the captors it would surely ruin her entire plan. Keeping to the walls and running to the next nearest building she made her way to the first building she had visited the previous night. The building that didn't contain any of the captured women and only had two guards posted inside it. Leah made it to the building without encountering any opposition. Now was the last chance for her. If she just walked away now she would probably be able to escape from this place unharmed and undetected. If she would be able to live with herself knowing there were women in here who needed help and what the men were capable of, from firsthand experience, she didn't think so. Leah realized that she didn't have a choice in the matter and had to do what she had planned, there was no option and there was no looking back. 
Being careful not to be spotted Leah looked in the window that once again had lanterns glowing inside. Instead of seeing two men playing cards together speaking about the happenings of the base she saw only one man sitting at a table inside playing solitaire. He was facing the door, but again his weapon was against the wall. Leah thought that maybe the other man who was supposed to be guarding this area was just in another room or had gone to use the restroom, but there was only one weapon against the wall and so Leah had to believe that man was on guard duty alone tonight. Leah took another look and saw that the rifle that the man would undoubtedly lunge for upon her entrance was a good five feet away from him. There was a chance that she would be able to get to him before he was able to get to his gun and retaliate. Leah calmed herself and realized her hands were shaking, holding them in one another seemed to calm them. She took off the belt of knives and set it on the ground. She placed the rifle next to it so that all she had was her pistol in one hand and one of the glass shard knives in the other. Leah looked down at these weapons and realized what she was about to do. She stood up next to the door and put the pistol in her pocket once again. She took one more, quick glance inside through the window and then made her move. 
Leah swung the door open wide and quickly ran through it. The man at the table didn't even flinch at this quick surprise. He was frozen in place with a card still in hand as he was about to drop it onto one of the stacks he had lined up. Leah sprinted towards the man with such speed that the man finally tried to dive for his weapon without standing up first and so just fell out of the chair he was sitting in. The gun was still out of reach by the time Leah had gotten to the man. He reached for the gun that was well beyond his grasp in a desperate attempt. Leah took aim at the man trying to wiggle his way to the gun and stabbed downward hard into the man's neck. There was a splash back of blood as she pulled the blade from his neck and then found another place on his neck to bring her weight down on with the point of the blade. He gurgled and stared up at her and without the ability to form words or scream anymore, the man died beneath her rage without warning anyone else in the base as to her presence. For a few moments Leah just looked at the man, dead beneath her. With blood splattered across her face she smiled at the justice she had already begun to distribute on the men of this base. 
When she had taken in the death at her hands fully, Leah got up and started looking around the building to try and find out what it was that the men had been protecting here. The other building with the women was obvious why there were men stationed there, but she had no idea why there had been two guards here the night before. What she found inside this building was better then she could have expected. Inside this building was their armory. There were weapons, undoubtedly found in the base, as well as others that had been brought here from trips out into the city and also weapons that had been taken from people that had been captured. In this building Leah found everything that anyone would need to start a small war. Leah stocked up with some of the explosives that had already been prepared with timers and needed only to be set with a proper amount of delay. She also grabbed some grenades that were kept in a box and a large Rambo looking knife that would take the place of her glass shards. She stuffed all of these things but the knife into a backpack that was in a pile of bags near one of the walls. In another bag she grabbed a few fully automatic handguns with large clips of bullets already attached. Leah felt much as Leo and Donovan had when they had stumbled across the shop with all the weapons inside. A few moments ago she was willing to take on the men with two guns and a few glass shards as daggers. Now she was able to do much better than that. The last thing that she grabbed from the room was a small mine. She read the instructions on the side and the warning that said "This side towards enemy". She stuffed this into her bag, took the walkie talkie that the man she had killed had with him and made her way towards her next target. 
Leah made it to the second building and looked inside. Inside there were once again three men who all seemed just as unprepared as her first victim had been. Before going inside and attempting to take them by surprise Leah went to the doorway of the building across the street and set up the mine with the side towards enemy pointing at the doorway. The mine came with some fishing line that she attached to the door so that when it opened, hopefully, it would pull the pin and shoot whatever explosive power it had into the room when the men tried to exit the building. Leah made her way back to the window and was listening and about to push open the door when she heard a voice inside that was a bit muffled. The voice called from the walkie talkie and told the men to bring one of the girls over for the boys. One of the men got up immediately and started towards the cage to open it with the keys in hand. Leah watched as he grabbed one of the women at random by the arm and began to drag her out of the cell. Leah quickly moved away from the window and put everything down around the corner of the building. She picked up the pistol she had kept with her the whole time and the knife she had just acquired and watched from around the corner of the building. 
The man exited the building. His hand was tightly grasped around the upper arm of one of the women. Leah could tell that the woman had struggled before against these men and had been punished severely for her resistance. She only passively resisted now, letting her weight lag behind, but not necessarily fighting. The woman obviously knew what awaited her in the next building, her mannerisms and the aura of fear showed that she had been through this walk to the next building before. While she was practically being dragged behind the man she was careful not to arouse too much disdain in the man to bring about any retaliation. She wanted to resist and make sure that he knew that she wasn't willing but she didn't want to be beat or punished in any other way that these men could imagine. Leah immediately recognized the emotions and the passive resistance that the woman was showing. She had to act fast if her plan was going to be of any success. While the man continued to pull the blonde towards the building Leah leapt from her hidden position around the corner of the building and made her way quickly towards the man. The sound of her steps finally registered that there was something making noise coming towards him. He turned with the woman still in hand in time to see Leah running towards him. When recognition had made its way through his system and he made the decision to drop the arm of the woman and go for his weapon Leah was already within striking distance. Leah lunged for the man before he was able to get his weapon pointed at her. Leah was able to get close enough to him so that when she lunged towards the man her knife dug deep into him. The man lost all control of what he wanted his body to do. He was only able to look up at Leah and plead with his eyes while his lips were incapable of grasping what was happening and therefore couldn't make out the words to call for help or plead with her through syllables of understanding. He slipped quietly from this world and would trouble the women no longer. The manner of torture and penance that the man would be forced to go through if there was any sort of justice in the universe now that he was dead, Leah thought would still be too good for the man. She spit on the dead man in front of her and then turned her attention to the girl.
The woman looked at Leah with questioning distrust. The girl had no idea what to make of this situation, it had never come up in the many other times she had been taken from one building to the next and the idea of escape or someone coming to save her seemed so far outside the realm of reality that she didn't even dare to hope for it anymore. The woman was probably about twenty four and was obviously worn down from this base that had become her home and prison. Her hair was now stringy and hung down in front of her face, but wasn't quite smooth enough to cover the black eye that the men had given her during a previous encounter. She had been beaten countless times and her eyes told Leah everything that she needed to know about the woman. Beneath all the terror and forced submission there was a hatred and rage that would not allow this girl to simply give up.
"My name is Leah. I am going to try and get all of you out of here and kill any man here. Can you help me?" Leah whispered to the girl while the two stood over the dead body without any regard or respect for the fallen. There was a moment of hesitation in the girl as she put the pieces together as to what had happened and what was being asked of her. It was hard for the girl to come to terms with the idea that she was now free from the men and had access to a weapon, with which she could wreak her own vengeance on the men. She could also just walk away; take her chances attempting to make it onto the other side of the fence that surrounded the base and see if she could make it on her own. It was a hard decision to risk her life for the others that were still held in the cell within the building, but it was one that she couldn't ignore. Through her time here she had become, not necessarily friends, but more like family sharing the same traumatic times together. They had shared in their terror. Together they were a community of individuals facing the same adversity. She couldn't leave them behind while she went on to possibly live a full life in this new world. The final point that made the woman decide to come with Leah was when she looked into Leah's eyes she could see not only sympathy and kindness, but an understanding that most couldn't possibly appreciate. 
"My name is Beatrice. We need to hurry if we are going to catch the other two off guard and free the other girls." She finally answered Leah with a confidence in her that Leah hadn't expected. 
"Grab his gun and the keys. I have more weapons around the corner of building." Leah ran to the corner where she had stashed her weapons and grabbed for a few of the assault rifles with shoulder straps and swung them over her shoulder. Beatrice met her at the corner. 
"Is there anyone else?" Beatrice asked.
"It's just you and me, but I set up a mine in front of the door over there and I have these." Leah handed her a few grenades and another rifle to sling over her shoulder. "We are going to go in hard, kill the two men sitting inside. Hopefully anyone coming from that building will be caught in the blast of the mine at the door. You unlock the cell and I'll watch your back." Leah went on to explain.
"And then what?" Beatrice asked. 
"Then we will see who comes out of that building and we will shoot anyone that does. Are there any other buildings where people might be?" Leah continued.
"That's it huh?" Beatrice asked in a condescending tone. There is one other building, but it is a little ways away and most the men are in the building across the street. In the other building is just the "Generals", as they call themselves and their leader Bernie, but I think when shots start going off and explosions start exploding it will take them a while to realize what is going on and to make their way over here.  No plan besides that though huh? No car waiting, no cavalry to call?" 
"Bernie?! Did you say his name was Bernie?" Leah asked in an agitated tone.
"Yeah, why?" 
"It doesn't matter right now, but If you have a better plan now I'm listening, or if you'd rather go back to that cell in there." Leah offered as an alternative to her plan. Beatrice waited a second in contemplation. "This is your chance to get some retribution for what these men are doing here. I know a quick death from a gun, isn't as much of a punishment as you would like to give, but take solace in that they will die at your hands."
"I'll go in first." Beatrice finally decided.
"The men from that other building will come at some point, but we need to take care of the men across the street first and get the rest of the girls out of this building. If we don't they will be sitting ducks and the bastards will probably just light the building on fire or something." Leah continued, giving Beatrice more of the plan, telling her that they would meet up at the armory building if they were separated, so they wouldn't be deciding what to do when every second counted after that first shot was fired. 
 Beatrice made her way to the door with Leah right behind her. Each woman took a side of the door and each took turns looking quickly in the windows of the building to make sure the men were still unaware of the impending attack. With one more nod between the women Leah turned the knob of the door and let Beatrice run in with her gun already held at her side with her finger on the trigger. Before she was all the way in the door the men saw her and realized that their time on earth had come to an end. A reaction at the understanding was of surprise and a brief motion towards their weapons. Beatrice didn't hesitate at all. She smiled as she saw their faces fill with recognition and then fear as they moved for their weapons. Her finger pulled gracefully on the trigger and unleashed bullet after bullet on her target. With the gun set to fully automatic the men were torn to shreds before any of their fingers touched the salvation of metal that their weapons might have held for them. Their bodies hit the floor hard as they were halted in their movements. They had been struck down somewhere between sitting and jumping for their weapons. When the bodies hit the ground in the stillness of death Leah came rushing in with keys in hand. Many of the women were huddled together or were now hiding behind their beds, but they had been trained not to scream by the men. She found the right key to open the cell and pulled the door open as fast as she could. Leah surveyed the cage and saw what looked like maybe fifteen women. All of them had the same look of someone who has not only been violated by rape, but has been beaten and mistreated to the point of despair. All eyes were on Leah now as she stood over the dead men with Beatrice behind her and the door to their cell open wide for them.
"We are leaving. The men will be coming soon. If you think you can fire a gun, I have some here. We need to be quick about this. Can everyone walk on their own, does anyone need help?" Leah spoke to the women sitting in shock as precisely and clearly as she could under the circumstances. Before any of them could answer there was a loud explosion outside the building. Leah knew exactly what had happened. The men had come running out of the building to find out why shots were being fired and had instead found the wrong end of a mine attached to the door knob. The explosion rocked the building and seemed to snap the women out of their stupor. Without any further hesitation or discussion the women rose to their feet and ran towards Leah. Three of the women grabbed the guns she had set down for them to take and Leah handed her pistol to one of the teens. The group of women convened on the front door waiting to exit. 
"There are more weapons just around the corner of the building. Anyone who can carry one and thinks they can use it should grab something. Bee and I are going to open the door and start shooting at the building across the way. I want you all to make a run for that corner, grab whatever you can and then take some shots of your own so that we can make it around that way. Okay?" Leah called to the women. "We need to go before they all realize what is going on and have time to organize. That explosion is going to throw them off for a little bit, but we have to hurry. Ready?" There was no talking among the women and any that needed help getting around were being helped by others already. Their lack of argument suggested they were ready to go. "Alright, here we go."  
  When they had all joined together around the corner of the building Leah took one more look out at the building across the way they had lost three girls in their escape from inside the building. There were still shots being fired in their direction. The women who had weapons in hand were making sure to take shots at the building every so often while doing a surprisingly good job conserving ammo while keeping their targets pinned in the building. Leah went through her bag of goodies that she had set down next to the building and handed out anything that was left to the remaining unarmed women. 
"Who can throw the best?" Leah asked. Two of the girls raised their hands in response. Leah handed each of them a grenade and showed them how to arm them. Leah instructed the two others to throw for the upstairs windows and she would aim for the downstairs window. Each of these targets had been the source of gun fire. The women agreed. Leah counted to three and at the same time the women spread out enough to be able to get a clear path towards their target. Leah's grenade entered the window on the first floor and one of the women got hers through an upstairs window. The third grenade bounced off the wall and landed in front of the building. There was a small pause in everything around these two buildings. The women who had thrown the grenades had gotten behind the safety of the building once again and the shots being fired from across the street had ceased, most likely due to the recognition of what had just come in the windows. Everyone seemed to be bracing for what was coming next. 
  The three explosions went off at different times, but one right after the other in succession as if to compound the explosive power. When the sound of the grenades had ceased and there was only silence Leah looked around the corner to see what had happened to the building and what kind of damage it had sustained. With her head peaking around the corner she saw that the roof had collapsed in on the second story which had then fallen down onto the first floor. It looked as if the supports of the building had been knocked out from under the front of the building and the whole thing had decided to slant forward on itself. There was no sound of gunfire. Faintly from under the rubble Leah could hear a moan for help of a man who had been trapped under the falling building. Leah made no attempt to look for survivors or investigate the building any further. Turning to make eye contact with the women again she saw in each of them a strength that was sustaining them through this experience. 
"We need to get to the armory building. Anyone who has survived will most likely head to their armory to get some bigger weapons after what we just did to that building. Follow me." Leah instructed and without argument the women followed. Even though three girls had already been shot down the rest were still confident in the leadership of Leah. Besides that, what other choice did they have? If they didn't stick together and make some kind of attempt to flee the base they would surely be picked up individually and brought to another cell somewhere on base and so they all followed without a word. In a large group the women converged on the building that Leah had first visited on this night. 
They went inside and saw the man still laying dead with the glass knife still securely planted in his skin and most of the women wondered who this woman  was who had rescued them from their cage. To the women, she appeared to be something from an action movie or something. She had apparently infiltrated the base undetected, killed the man guarding the weapons and ammunition, stormed their prison and freed them and was now leading them off the base. To Leah she was just doing what she thought she had to do. She knew she couldn't live with herself if she allowed these women to be the play things for the men of the base. Leah knew that Leo and the others wouldn't have left either, had they known anyone else was here, but as it was, she was on her own to lead these women to some kind of refuge. Anything would be better than the lives they had been living confined to the whims of these men with weapons and no morals. 
In the building the women grabbed what they could in the way of weapons and reloaded any ammunition that they had used in the assault on the building across from their cage. Leah pointed out weapons for the women to take and showed them quickly how to release the safety switch on the weapons. Leah grabbed some more explosives and then had the women leave the building. Leah had instructed the women to go to the nearby buildings and watch for men approaching the stronghold of weapons. She knew they would come here after realizing what had happened. The men would need to restock on weapons after seeing what the women had done. Leah sent the girls to the surrounding buildings and told them to wait and hide until someone came by and she signaled them to fire. 
"Why don't we just run while we have the chance?" Beatrice asked. 
"I don't know where a vehicle is, or what they might have waiting at the gate for us. We should wait and let them come to us. Don't you want to make them pay for what they have done here?" Leah responded.
"Not as much as I just want to be rid of this place and safe." Beatrice answered. 
"We won't be safe if there is still a large group of these men left alive. You might not be picked up again, but we can't let them just start this whole operation again on more unsuspecting girls. We have to stop them. They are going to think that we are all just going to run and scatter our own separate ways. They think we are afraid and that they have broken us. We have surprise on our side and we need to show them that we aren't afraid of them." Leah spoke with passion and a need to stand up here and now that none of the women could argue with.
"Alright, but we need to get these girls out of here as soon as possible." Beatrice answered seeing the logic in Leah's words. 
"The more men we take out ambushing them, the less resistance we will have when we try and leave and the fewer numbers they will have if they try to reorganize themselves again." Leah answered and then sent the women to their respective posts to watch and wait for anyone to come into their little trap. 
  The women waited in silence for what felt like ages. They were all starting to get antsy just sitting here instead of trying to get away. Even Leah was wondering if this had been the right plan of attack for the women. It appeared as if the men wouldn't be coming to the storage area for more weapons. Perhaps the men who had survived were running around without any idea of who was in command or maybe just trying to free their fallen friends from the debris of the building. When almost half an hour had gone by with no sign of the men coming to get their stockpile of weapons and no sound of mobilizing vehicles of any kind Leah was about to call to the women and come up with another plan. Before she had the chance to yell to the other girls there was a faint sound of a motor coming towards them. It sounded like a truck of some kind. The low drone of a heavy vehicle coming their way stopped any fidgeting that had taken hold of the women while they held fast in their positions. The hum of the engine grew louder as the vehicle approached. The women responded surprisingly well, Leah was taken aback by how much restraint the women were showing. Nobody opened fire as the vehicle came into sight. The vehicle was a large military truck with camouflage painting on it. It had a canvas cover over the bed of the vehicle. There were two men in the cab of the truck, but nobody was able to tell if there were others in the back or if these two had just been sent to pick up the weapons and then return to the base of operations for the surviving men. The truck passed by the first group of women hidden inside a building and entered into the trap that the women had set. They stayed firmly in their positions being sure not to act without the authorization of either Leah or Beatrice.
  The truck came to a stop just in front of the building that housed the weapons. The two men in the cab got out of the truck and still Leah waited, she wondered if there were men waiting in the back of the truck. She couldn't, however let the men from the cab get into the building and either secure their position or equip themselves with better weapons. One more moment of waiting and Leah was rewarded. From the back of the truck five men exited down to the ground. Without any more hesitation Leah took the first shot into the group of men who had all convened at the rear of the truck. The rest of the women, while holding their positions had placed their sights over the men who had held them captive such a short time ago. The sound was that of a firing squad executing the orders to kill those lined up in front of the barrels. In total there were seven men placed in the line of fire without the least bit of warning. The women, while inexperienced with the shooting of weapons and the taking of lives, held nothing back and felt no remorse as the bullets tore through the men they despised so vehemently. What the girls lacked in accuracy they made up for in sheer number of shots taken. It had been as if Leah's shot had been a signal for the women to unleash just the smallest amount of rage and frustration that each had been forced to bottle up during their stay in the prison. All that pent up anger had been focused on the target of the truck and the seven men standing by it. Through the rage of the women and their tactical advantage of surrounding the men, all seven of the men fell. Even when their bodies had hit the ground without firing so much as a shot the women continued to fire on the corpses and managed to hit the fuel tank of the truck. The explosion caused by these bullets hitting metal and igniting the fuel tank silenced the shots with the loud explosion it had created. The large wave of heat given off washed over the women and signaled their victory. 
  The women stepped out from their hiding places and looked on at the burning bodies and truck left in waste as if they were watching a campfire burn on a peaceful night. Leah went out to the truck as it burned and made sure that there weren't any survivors hiding nearby. There weren't any survivors that she could find. Leah was a little disappointed that the vehicle had been destroyed during the attack, as it would have made a perfect transport vehicle for the surviving women, but there was nothing that could be done about that now. She instructed the women to come out from their hiding places and restock on any weapons they wanted one last time from inside the building. When the last of the women had exited the building, Leah went inside and grabbed a few more of the explosives with timers on them. She then went ahead and set one of the timers for two minutes and ran outside. The timer was in the midst of a few other explosives and so when Leah came running out of the building the rest of the women followed suit and found cover nearby. The explosion of the building containing all the men's weapons and explosives shook the ground around them. The men who were still alive were sure to have felt that. What was left of the building now burned from the blast. For a brief moment the women were once again captivated by the flame and stood in awe at how much things had changed in the past few hours. As a group they had been rescued by one other woman and turned into a militarized and capable unit taking out one target at a time as they made their way through the base. 
  Leah wasn't sure how many men were still alive on the base, but she was confident that their numbers were dwindling along with their resolve. Twice the men had come up against the united front of these women and twice the women had prevailed. They had not only taken out two separate groups of men but had now also destroyed their weapons cache. Smoke billowed from the building and mixed with that of the destroyed truck in front giving a smoke signal of doom to all those who still remained on the base and thought they would be able to regain control. While the instinct was still deeply rooted within Leah to find Raphael as well as the man that he answered to, who she now knew to be Bernie and make them feel the torment that they had put these women through, she knew that she needed to get them to safety. The women had diminished many of the forces that would stand in their way while trying to exit the base and those that they hadn't defeated would either be collecting themselves to flee or scattered around the base in chaos. The women had taken a taste of victory and seen the strength that they carried with them in one another and so any opposition wouldn't be handled with fear but met with strength and quickly pulled triggers. Leah weighed the options and decided to let the women decide as a group what they would do next. 
"We can find vehicles and make our way out of here. I have friends on the outside that I can contact. Or we can continue through the base and find the men responsible for this place. I leave it to you what we should do and I will stand behind whatever decision we come to." Leah spoke with a confidence and comradery that she hadn't felt with her friends at the school. Here, with these women she felt needed, appreciated and truly like one of a community. 
"I think I speak for the rest of the girls when I say that we just want to be rid of this place. While finding the men who did this to us is important to all of us, I think we all want to be safely free from this prison." Beatrice spoke up for the women. There were murmurs around the two women, some in agreement as well as some who wanted retribution against the men. 
"We need to find them." 
"We should leave while we can."
"I don't want to go back to that prison. I don't want to go back to being whatever they wanted me to be." 
The women all had valid points, but above all Leah could tell that the women were scared and had narrowly escaped recapture and didn't want to squander the chance at freedom. Leah eventually came to the realization that the women, while very angry and hurt by the men's actions here, just wanted to go on with their lives and avoid any further contact with these men. 
"We will leave this place." Leah announced. There was no argument from the women when they looked around and saw the fear in their fellow escapee's eyes. Their feelings of kinship towards one another allowed them all to see that they needed to get everyone to safety first and then possibly form an attack on these men. The women nodded in agreement at the plan being verbalized to the group. "We have our weapons and we have our strength, we need only a mode of transportation and then nothing will be able to stop us." There was a noticeable lightening of the mood among the women as the thought of leaving this place swept through the group. 
  With their objective of killing every man on this base left behind, the women were easily able to come across a few vehicles that they commandeered for their own use. They moved as a well trained military unit, it was very surprising to see the women walking next to one another keeping a look out in all directions as they moved. The sense of unity that the group felt through their shared experiences allowed them to look after one another as fellow soldiers and to pull the trigger without any trepidation. This unity and lack of hesitation made the women aggressive and able to move swiftly. As they made their way across the compound many of them looked back at the buildings where they had been trapped. Others looked back at the smoke that was still filling the air and couldn't help but smile. Leah was driving one of the vehicles and couldn't allow herself to look back at what they were leaving behind. She had stayed inside to find Raphael and his boss and to kill them slowly with every ounce of rage that would restrain her from killing them quickly. Instead she had come across girls far more damaged than her and she couldn't just leave them. She had done the right thing in helping the women, but couldn't help but feel that she had let down a part of herself and the world by not making sure that Raphael was dead. One of the other girls had told her the name of the person that Raphael answered to, Bernie. Leah hadn't seen these two men during the massacre that the women unleashed on the unsuspecting men exiting the truck by the weapons depot. Whether or not either of the men was inside the building across from the women's holding cell, there was no way to tell. Leah knew that if she looked back at what they were leaving behind, even if just in the rear view mirror she would be compelled to turn around and finish what she had started. Leah kept her eyes away from what lay behind and just looked forward as the women relished in the destruction they had helped to create. When they came to the gate where Leo and his group had exited there the vehicles went through the checkpoint without any pause and before any of the women realized what was happening they were free from the base. 
 "So?..I hate to put you on the spot after you just got us out of that horrible place, but what is the plan now?" 
"We should find some place to stay the rest of the night then I was thinking that we could meet up with the people who I was brought into the base with. I hope that they are still in the city and that they have some kind of plan or something set up waiting for our arrival." Leah answered without much confidence, but it was all that she could offer as an answer for what was to come next. The women had been released from the prison on the base, but the world was still in shambles around them. They had been lucky enough to survive the virus, they had kept the strength to survive the ordeal with the men who had collected them, but now they would have to find their place in this new world and find some way to survive. 
"They didn't know that any of you were in there. I told them I was going to kill Raphael and whoever else I could find in there. When I found all of you though, I had to change my plans." Leah went on to tell Beatrice.
"I am sorry that you weren't able to find them and make them pay for whatever they did to you as well as what they did to us." Beatrice answered.
"I had to make a decision. I don't regret it. I most likely would have been killed in my attempt, but would have at least taken one of them with me. Killing one or even both of them wouldn't have changed anything there. Together we were able to get you all free from that place and even kill a few of them in the process."
"But you didn't get to kill Raphael. He is still out there. I didn't see him or Bernie in that truck that we stopped and I don't think they were in the building across from the prison. What if they catch up with us again?" Beatrice asked. Leah made eye contact with Beatrice sitting in the passenger seat next to her and told her what she would do as she continued to drive.
"I can only hope that these men try to catch up with us at some point because then I will get a second chance to kill them. If that opportunity does arise again, I won't think twice, I will do everything in my power to bring them to their knees and when they are writhing in pain looking up at me, I won't give them the satisfaction of a quick death. I will make sure that they feel all the pain that they have inflicted on the world and when I am satisfied they know what it is like to lose all hope, only then will I take their lives from them." Leah gripped the wheel tightly as she drove looking at the road and back at Beatrice as she explained what she would do if she ever ran into the men again. Beatrice wasn't shocked by this display of emotion or the extent to which Leah wanted to torture the men before she brought them their death, Beatrice could sympathize all too well and so just looked on at Leah as she saw the strength in the woman who had helped to rescue her. "I guess we should go some place where Raphael and the others won't find us right away if they do come looking for us." 
"I don't think they will have a chance against us now that we are armed and unified. They kept us down by keeping us divided and without any way to defend ourselves. They had brought us in one at a time and only brought out one at a time to be taken over to the building across the street. The whole time we had a gun pointed at us to make sure we didn't try anything. There was no chance of escape for us." Beatrice explained, half wanting to explain to Leah that the women weren't weak and half wanting to illustrate why the women hadn't escaped before Leah had come along. Leah understood that it wasn't possible for the women to escape their holding cells let alone the captivity of the base without her help. They just didn't have the resources and ability to sneak around the base undetected as she had. Leah didn't think less of the girls for having to stay as prisoners to the men, she understood the fear that the men used against them and the paralyzing effect that a few men in power with weapons can have. The will to live overcomes almost all other urges and allows the mind and body to block out almost anything. Leah was sure that there was going to be fallout from their experiences at the base, there were going to be emotional repercussions once they had all had time to relax, but that time hadn't come yet. 
"We can stop at one of the hotels and get some rest with the vehicles hidden. When we are rested I will go out and try and find a CB radio. That is how my friends said that I should contact them." Leah continued. Without any debate the women found a hotel close enough to make sure they got off the streets before they were detected, but not so close to the base as to make any of their skin crawl merely from seeing the place in the near distance. 

CHAPTER 22: Reunited

  The women rested as best they could in their rooms with doors ajar. Leah had made sure to hide the vehicles and wanted to be around when the women started to wake. There were screams of terror while some slept, images of what they had survived still plagued them and wouldn't let them rest. Others had their first good night sleep since the world had ended and they had been left alone to fend for themselves ineffectively against the crumbling world. When most of the women had woken to find their friends still with them, Leah had left Beatrice in charge of making sure there was support for the women who were still sleeping while she went out to find a CB radio to contact Leo and the rest of the group she had been with. Leah went out by herself carrying with her the riffle slung over her shoulder, the pistol and a knife strapped to her belt. Leah ran quickly and quietly to nearby vehicles for cover as she made her way around the area. She was looking for either some sort of sporting goods store or a semi-truck that had enough battery for her to use the radio. She couldn't find any sporting goods store around nor any other store that might sell CB radios for her to use and so she was left trying to break into the rare large trucks that had been left on the street. Breaking window after window of trucks to gain access to the cab she tried starting them with the keys that had been left inside in a panic as people had gone mad. Several times she was disappointed to find no charge left in the battery and so she moved on to the next one. Eventually she came across one that had some charge left in it as the engine tried to turn over from lack of use. The engine finally turned over and truck hummed to life. All the lights and dials came to life on the dashboard of the truck and with them came power to the CB radio. She immediately switched over to channel twenty one and started calling out for Leo or anyone from her school party that might be monitoring the radio for the group waiting to hear her call for help. Leah sat in the cab of the truck calling on channel twenty one for what seemed like ages. Maybe they just weren't monitoring the radio right now, but in the back of her mind all sorts of reasons why they weren't answering sprung to life. Perhaps they didn't make it far before the men found them and made them pay for the mistake of leaving the base. Maybe they had already left the city and they couldn't wait for her. Maybe they ran into more of the evils that this world has to offer. There were so many maybes for her to guess at. The sound of Leo's voice answering hers put all these fears to rest and for the first time in a long time Leah was smiling as she sat in the cab of the truck. 
"Hello? Is this Leah?" Leo asked.
"Yeah?.yes it's me." Leah was able to answer.
"Are you alright? Where are you?" Leo asked further with genuine concern in his voice that made Leah smile even wider. 
"I am fine. I found more survivors on base. We were able to escape. Is there some place we can come to meet you?" Leah asked. 
It was obvious that Leo was hesitant to tell her where they were over the radio for fear of who might be listening. So eventually he told her to meet him at a cross street that was a short distance from the hotel where they were staying. He trusted Leah but he wanted to make sure that the people he was with wouldn't be put in any danger. He was taking this role as leader of his little group very seriously or at least didn't want to expose the group to any unnecessary risks due to his decisions. It was decided that just Leah and Leo meet at the street corner and then Leah would take him to see the girls at Leah's hotel, just so that Leo could see that Leah wasn't being held against her will. Leah agreed that this was fine, she didn't have any trouble believing that Leo wanted what was best for his people and appreciated that he didn't want to put them in any danger. The two decided that they might as well meet now without any more delay and so Leo and Leah each put down their radio, checked the ammunition they had on them, and headed towards the meeting place that had been designated. 
  Leah made it to the street corner first and looked around the area unable to find any signs of ambush. She decided that she needed to try and bring a calm tone to the meeting since Leo was obviously on his guard about new people and the prospect of bringing them into his fold of individuals. Leah took a relaxed stance against a car that had crashed into a light pole and whose passenger side panel had been caved in by the impact. She kept her rifle close at hand in case anything out of the ordinary came to meet her in the intersection or if Leo gave any indication that there was danger. Leah waited in this position for almost fifteen minutes, routinely looking in every direction to make sure that nobody was sneaking up on her or that she had missed some key piece of evidence that suggested this place wasn't what it seemed. Each time she looked around she was relieved to find nothing out of the ordinary and only empty streets to keep her company. As she waited Leah wondered if Leo was watching from somewhere concealed to make sure that everything was alright, or perhaps being held at gunpoint being told to go to her and follow her back to the hotel of women who had escaped the base. When these fears were almost too much for her to keep her relaxed pose she saw him. Leo was walking down the street alone with a shotgun around his shoulder, a pistol strapped to his side and a knife similar to Leah's down his leg. It looked as if he had expected some trouble also and didn't want to be caught off guard.
  If there had been some kind of trap set for the other, each believed they would be warned by some sort of body language if words didn't permit. As they got closer to the other there was no sign of trouble. Neither could see the other making motions with their eyes towards where hidden assailants might be, neither saw the other gripping their weapons as a signal to the other. As they came closer and didn't see any of these signs a small grin started on each of their faces until it was met by the others. Their meeting was finalized in trust when they hugged one another without regard for the weapons that they were each carrying. The two walked towards one another and as they got closer they could see in the other that there was nothing to fear here. Each was just happy to see that the other was alive, after the prior parting it had been fairly certain that they would never meet again, but here they were, each representing a faction of people. The world had changed these two and in the other they saw that same strength that they themselves had learned to carry with them through each day. Each admired the other even more then when they had previously met and was overjoyed that the other had survived long enough to create this reunion.  
  Leah led Leo back to the place where she and the other girls had decided to take their first rest in a long while. When they were both outside the building where the rest of the girls were staying, Leah pulled Leo off to the side. 
"You need to understand what these girls have been through before you go up there and see them, before you go up there and see what has become of them. Those girls up there, they aren't the same as the girls that met us at the school. They never will be. When I helped free them from that horrible place I made it my job to make sure they stayed safe. Now when they see you, they will undoubtedly be startled and some might even pull a gun on you out of fear. I need you to stay calm if that happens and I need you to see in them everything you see in me." Leah explained to him. 
"Ok, I understand." Leo started to pull away from her. 
"NO! You don't understand. It isn't that simple!" Leah pulled him back towards her. Leo looked confused but didn't argue. He only wondered what she meant and continued to look her in the eye. In response Leah raised her shirt so that Leo could see what she was talking about. The shirt was raised enough so that he could see her midsection all the way from her pants line up to her bra. In those inches of skin there was slit after slit cut into her side. There were markings up and down her sides. It had been the same blade each time, leaving line after line in her skin. On the last line of markings one scar was jagged as if the knife had been pulled away while making this last incision. Leo tried to look away from what she was showing him. He didn't want to see this. He didn't want to see Leah in this way. Until now he had been able to leave her past to her and let her start again, but she was thrusting her pain upon him and he couldn't stop her. "You need to look, you have to see what happened to me??Count them." Leah instructed him to count the number of scars that were so delicately placed on her skin. 
"Sixty seven." Leo answered in a hushed tone of disbelief.
"Yeah, sixty-seven times. That is how many times that same knife cut into my skin. Sixty seven times one or more of the men held me down, raped me, beat me and did whatever they wanted with me. Every time I was helpless to stop them and when they were done they would reach for the same knife and leave one of these marks on me. It got to the point where I longed to feel that knife cutting into my skin because at least then I knew that they were done with me for the time being. That cutting feeling became the only thing I could look forward to, it was all I had. That pain was so soothing compared to what they had done to me." Leah was still holding her shirt up for Leo to see the scars on her midsection. She didn't seem ashamed or even shy about the scars. Strength had replaced those feelings long ago. When she had helped to free those other girls from the base she knew that she would die before allowing herself to fall into that kind of situation again. 
"It was those same men who were in the military base who did this to you?" Leo finally asked as Leah lowered her shirt. 
"Some were. Others were just like them. This last scar right here is when I was finally able to get free from them. It was when one of them was putting their mark on my side that I finally had enough strength to fight myself free. I wrestled the knife from him, with my side still bleeding where the knife had just cut me. He was the first person I ever killed." Leah pointed to the scar that was obviously not quite like the others. It was only about half the length of the others and jagged where she had made her move to get away from the man. "I was able to get away from them and as I hid and tried to survive I came across Blake." Leah explained to Leo. 
"I don't know what to say." Leo finally answered.
"That is good. That means maybe you understand the severity of what I am telling you and the impact it will have on me for the rest of my life. An experience like that isn't something you can just shrug off. Even for those that will be able to lock it away in the subconscious and pretend it didn't happen, it will still be present and affect them throughout their lives." 
"And this happened to all of them?" Leo asked.
"Maybe not all, maybe not in the same way, but they have all be effected by the experience for sure. When we go up there I need you to be calm and take whatever reception or reaction you get not as anything against you. They are just trying to adjust and it isn't going to happen overnight and most likely, they will never be the people they once were." Leah continued.
"Ok. Do you think I should leave my weapons downstairs? Just so they see I am not armed, while you still carry yours?" Leo offered as a way of easing the situation and bringing it closer to Leah's terms. 
"Yeah, I think that would be best. They have just escaped from a place where only men had weapons and the women were helpless. They each have their own weapons that I doubt they will be caught without for some time and they don't need a guy coming up fully armed to remind them of where they have just come from."
"Alright. Let's go." Leo answered as they went in the front door finally and he placed his weapons behind the front desk. The two took the stairs in silence up to the level where the rest of the women were staying. Neither really knew what to say to the other. Leo hadn't expected this kind of revelation from Leah and Leah didn't know what to say after giving him so much information to process all at once. Before they opened the door to the floor where the women's rooms were Leah asked him one favor.
"Can you keep it to yourself?.. what happened to me? I don't want the people from the school knowing, and I don't want the girls here to know the extent. They know that I have had experiences with these men, but they don't' know what kind. Right now they see me as a strong women who is able to lead them to some kind of safety. I don't want them thinking I am weak."
"Of course, and you have never been weak." Leo answered her. The two then walked through the door. 
"Hello. It's me, Leah. I have someone with me." Leah called down the hallway. She didn't want to startle any of the girls by having them see a man in their midst walking through the halls. If they didn't see her with him the women were likely to shoot first and worry about what they had done later. 
"Hello?" One of the women called from her room. It was obvious that people were staying in their rooms for fear of some kind of ambush. 
"It's me. Everything is alright. I have Leo with me. The guy I was telling you all about." Leah answered to the hidden voice down the hall. In response to this Beatrice made her presence known to Leah as she walked out of one of the rooms down the long hallway. 
"Hey Leah. How are you doing?" Beatrice asked, seemingly looking for any sign of distress as Leo and Leah had done with one another out on the street earlier. 
"Beatrice this is Leo. He is the guy who started the school until Raphael and the others came." Leah introduced the two. Beatrice didn't move from her position. "I had him leave his weapons downstairs. If you want to frisk him that is fine." Leah could feel the mistrust and the tension. Leo tried to help break the tension with a smile from behind Leah. 
"Hello, Beatrice was it? Nice to meet you." Leo came out from behind Leah and started walking slowly towards Beatrice with his arms raised. Leah was impressed by Leo's ability to keep a situation calm and how easily he was able to issue his trust to others. It must have taken everything he had to have allowed the first people into the school. Now that she thought about it the first people he had let inside the school had been her and Blake and they had held him at gunpoint. Even then he had been able to make the situation seem calm. Leah wasn't sure how this meeting was going to go between Beatrice and him, but she commended him for trying to show he was friendly and not a threat. Beatrice allowed him to keep walking towards her. 
"Just make sure you keep your hands up. I'll frisk you and if you don't have anything on you then we can talk. I am sure you already know this, but just as a reminder there are at least six other guns pointed at you besides mine. So if you do try anything, it will be the shortest attempt ever. Do you understand me?" Beatrice asked. She had become much more confident now that she had a weapon to protect herself at all times. 
"I understand. I am not here to hurt anyone or take anything away. I really am a friend of Leah's and I just want to do whatever I can to help." Leo tried to explain. In response to his honesty he heard a scoff come from one of the rooms, as if what he was saying was something the women had heard before. Leo wasn't at all sure that he wouldn't get shot right here in the hallway by some scared girl with a gun that was too big for her, he had to try and ease the tension in this hallway. Beatrice and the others allowed him to make his way to Beatrice. For a moment Leo just stood there with his hands in the air as if he was being arrested as Beatrice looked into his eyes and studied him. In Leo's eyes she couldn't see the evil that the men at the base had held so deep within them, but then again many of the women had been fooled by a kind smile and hopes of rescue. 
"Turn around." Beatrice told Leo. He listened to her and kept his hands in the air. Leo felt the gun she was holding press against his back and her hands run up and down the length of his body. She checked the pockets of his jeans and down around his ankles for any holsters there. When she was satisfied that there weren't any weapons on him she noticed he had a wallet in his back pocket. Without so much as asking she pulled the wallet from his pants and proceeded to go through it. The first thing that she saw was an Indiana driver's license with his picture on it and the name Leo printed next to it. In a world such as they were now living in, a fake id would be nearly impossible to come by and wouldn't serve much purpose anyway. With the lack of weapon, the kind smile, the innocent eyes, and the picture identification Beatrice decided to believe that this was the man that Leah had spoken about. "Turn around" Beatrice told him, to which he obeyed. She looked at him one more time and then lowered her weapon and gave him back his wallet. "My name is Beatrice." She said and put out her hand to shake his. At the same time she lowered the weapon that was pointed at him. Leo took her hand and shook it warmly while keeping friendly eye contact through the entire shake. With this shaking of hands there was a sigh of relief from some of the hotel rooms. 
"Why don't we all go to my room and we can make some introductions." Leah offered from down the hallway. Leah walked over to the two and showed them the way to her room. The rest of the girls who had been watching from cracks in their doors made their way to Leah's room following the three that had led the way. 
  When everyone was in the room and it had been safely determined that Leo was someone that could be trusted, at least for now, and that he didn't have a group of men waiting outside to come bursting in to recapture all the women, the group became much more relaxed. The women still held their weapons close. The matter of a day wasn't going to take away the comfort that having those weapons had brought them. Leo noticed how he was sitting off on his own in the room away from the others, as he was given space by the rest of the women. He also noticed the gripping of the weapons and how they were all already pointing in his direction just as a precaution. Leo made sure to choose his words carefully when speaking to the group. He explained how none of the others had known that there were any other prisoners inside the military base and how he was sure, if they had known, every effort would have been taken to rescue them as a group. When this formality was done he went on to tell them about what his group had been doing since their escape from their prison and what their plans were once Leah had made it out. Leo told them where they were staying, and how they had come across a stronghold of weapons that they had already relocated back to their hotel. He explained how their destination, once they decided to leave this city, was set for New Mexico. There was discussion about what he thought they might find in New Mexico and if it was worth the danger of that much traveling. There were questions about the rations that Leo's group had collected, not only for the trip, but also just for use at the hotel where they were staying, waiting for word of Leah's survival. After much debate it was decided the two groups should meet and see if there could be anything mutually beneficial. Leah and Leo both thought this was a good idea. Leo had been stocking up on stuff while she had been inside the base, he was sure to have more supplies and a better living area then what they were making due with here. Some of the girls were hesitant about the idea of leaving the hotel and meeting new people. They were pretty much turned off by the idea of trusting people ever again, but with the support of Leah and Beatrice who assured the rest that there wouldn't be any problems with this group of individuals, they decided to take the short trip. 
  Walking single file they made it down the steps and when they got downstairs Leo did the diplomatic thing and offered a few of his weapons to the other women as a sign of good faith and also to separate his image from that of the men in the base. The group of people made it to the hotel and Leo was sure that they had been spotted a while ago by either Blake or someone else who was on watch looking out the windows of the building. Nobody in Leo's group made any sign of aggression and no shots were fired as the group came up to the hotel. Leo didn't bother trying to get the women to relinquish their weapons as he knew it would be a lost cause, instead he just led the way up the stairs. With the bodies now all cleared out of the rooms on the floor they inhabited there was quite enough room for Leah and the rest of the women. When the group of women and Leo made it up the stairs Angela and Blake were already waiting for them in the hallway. They had their weapons with them, but they hung loosely at their sides. Leo came into sight first and they all acknowledged each other with solemn questioning, Angela and Blake were wondering what was going on. When Leah came out from behind Leo though, Blake lost his stoic stance and made a break for her. He was running with unabashed happiness. He hadn't seen her in a few days and had known that seeing her again at all hadn't been too likely. Leah on the other hand looked at the boy standing in the hallway and at first didn't recognize him. To her he seemed to have changed so much. She had left a boy, but in the few days she had been gone it appeared as if he had grown so much, taking responsibility for himself and helping to look after others here at the hotel. Leah hadn't realized that her leaving would bring about so much change in the boy so quickly, but when he smiled and started running towards her she saw the boy that she had left come springing back to life. His smile was infectious and caused Leah to crack another smile. When Blake had made it past Leo and grabbed Leah in a hug that showed how much he had missed her even in the short time she had been away she was helpless but to hug him just as tightly in return. Angela, Leo and Beatrice all smiled at this sight. The act of hugging seemed as if it had been slowly dying out in the people who had survived. The men of the base hadn't exactly been the hugging type and so this hug between Leah and Blake was a welcome addition to this world and something that pleasantly broke the ice between the groups that were coming together. After this hug, all formality was lost and Leah introduced the women around to the others. There was a short period of explanation and storytelling between the groups as they all came together to meet in one of the halls of the hotel. Together they were a large party, and more than any of the hotel rooms could comfortably hold, and so it was decided to move into one of the meeting halls to discuss everything. 
  There was a long period where people were allowed to just mingle amongst one another and share whatever they wanted. Considering the situation and the world they were all surviving in the communication and intermixing of the groups went really well. Leo thought it had been Blake's uninhibited childish smile and inability to hold himself back when he had seen Leah that had shown the groups that they could trust one another. Leo, with Leah at his side, made his way up to the front of the group. 
"Excuse me. Excuse me." Leo called trying to get the attention of everyone in the room without yelling or calling for order. After all he hadn't been granted any special rights to be in charge and so he just called politely for people to be quiet so that he could address them. The group slowly quieted down and allowed him to continue. "It has been more than a miracle that so many people have survived these trying times. I remember when I was alone, when this whole ordeal became real to me and I thought that perhaps I was the only person left alive. At first, honestly, I thought this was a good thing. I didn't much mind the idea of not seeing people again, of not having to deal with their torments or watch as others destroy the world. I was fine with being alone. It wasn't my own fear of being alone that made me try to do something to bring people together. It was the fear that others might not be so content with being alone. The thought that there might be others out there who were afraid and wanted to be shown that there were others is what made me do what I have done. I am not going to say that it has been easy and I know that some of you have had it far rougher then I, but I am glad that we have been able to come together. Sure, if I would have just kept to myself, I would have survived for a while probably, but I wouldn't have even known how much I needed all of you. I can only speak for the friendships and the companionship that the people who have been with me until now have brought me, but I would like to invite our newest guests to feel free to join us and become part of this community. I may not have believed it when this whole ordeal began, but I believe now that the only way to survive and make anything of this world is to come together and unite in a common goal." Leo hadn't intended to fall into a full blown speech. He had just wanted to address the new people who had come to them and assure them that they had a place to stay, but the words had poured out of him. He had just opened up to them and taken a chance in that explaining his own change they might see this group as a place of refuge. There was some brief clapping from the group, mostly from those who had been with Leo since the school, but a few of the newcomers allowed themselves to join in also. "We are planning to leave this town and state. We have seen the evil that is still too close for many of us to be comfortable. We had a plan before our visit to the military base. We were going to go to New Mexico and see if we could find the people who were working on a cure for the virus that has killed so many. I have no idea if we are going to find anyone there. I don't know if they will have any answers or any way of contacting anyone else that may be out there. I do know that it is through coming together and forming communities again that we will be able to regain a piece of ourselves that we lost when the cities crumbled." There was murmuring in the audience in discussion of whether this was a good idea or not. "I have seen what this area has to offer and I have to think that there is something better out there. This can't be the world that was left behind for us and I think we can find some answers in New Mexico. Anyone who would like to join us on the trip is welcome to come with us. The more of us that stick together the better protected we will be and the better we can look after one another." With this Leo ended his little speech and looked over at Leah to see if she wanted to add anything. Leah got up and approached the center area where Leo had been standing and made her spot just next to him.
"I know this is a lot for many of you to consider. We don't mean to leave right away, but with some of the men from the base still alive I would think that all of us would like to leave this place fairly quickly. I doubt that they will try to make any kind of contact, but personally I would like to be as far away from that place as possible. That is unless of course we are going back in to finish off the people that are still there. In any case we have a couple days to decide. Each of you will have to make the choice for yourself. In the mean time Leo has told me that we have more than enough rooms to accommodate people here while we get supplies and figure out who is doing what." Leah finished her addition to what Leo had been saying. There was no uproar of applause for what she had to offer because she had not only brought up the men at the base, but had also brought up the possibility of some people going there own way. Nobody liked the idea of being alone after they had found this group of friendly individuals, but there was the possibility that some people wouldn't want to head in the same direction as others and this was something that needed to be discussed before plans for travelling were made. As soon as it was clear that Leah was done with her portion of the community address people began whispering among one another at first and then breaking into normal voices to overcome the rest of the whispering around them. Leo took the opportunity to come over to Leah and in a hushed tone he asked her, "So are you still coming with us?"
"I think so. Why wouldn't I?" Leah asked as if it had never crossed her mind. 
"Well I just thought that with these other women that you helped save you might?.I don't know, have some kind of connection with them." Leo answered.
"We will have to see. If some people decide not to go to New Mexico then I don't know what I will do." Leah answered.
"Alright. Just know that if you don't go with us you will definitely be missed." Leo responded. They both smiled in acknowledgment and then went off to play politics and see how the people in the groups were doing and make sure that everyone had what they needed. 
  Leah and Angela took care of getting people to rooms and making sure that they all had enough snacks and water and whatever else they might need. Everyone seemed to be coping with the group dynamic exceedingly well. The women who had come from the base were doing their best to interact with their new found friends and the people who had already been staying there did their best to make the women feel comfortable without being overbearing. Everyone was walking on egg shells, not quite sure how people were feeling about the idea of leaving the state, and of doing it in a large convoy. This style of transportation would have its advantages as well as drawbacks. Most of the people were still coming to terms with the idea of additions to their group of individuals. Once people were all safely in their rooms many of Leo's original party fell to sleep quickly. They had faith in Leo and in Leah and in their ability to judge people. They all figured that if those two had decided to allow the women to stay with them and possibly come on their trip that surely there was nothing to worry about. The women that had come with Leah were still very much shaken up and were having difficulty allowing themselves to sleep. Even though they had locks on their doors if they chose to use them, the fact that there were men so close to them seemed to keep most of them on the edge. Leo stayed awake with Donovan. They had decided that someone had to stand watch over the hotel. With this many people now under one roof it would be foolish to think that they could all just sleep at the same time and assume everything would be fine. 
  The two of them went up onto the roof, carrying with them a duffle bag of assorted toys they hadn't gotten to try out yet. From the bag they pulled out two rifles with high powered scopes and tripods on which the guns could be attached to ledges. The men set these up on the ledges side by side. In the weapons store they had found infrared, night vision and high powered binoculars, from the roof of the building they could see all around them if something was coming. They each took a pair and started looking around their immediate area to see what was possibly around them. At night the high powered binoculars were useless with no light to illuminate the city. The night vision goggles didn't show anything useful except for the same motionless city that the men had observed in the daylight. When they looked through the infrared binoculars neither of them knew what to expect, but they were able to see where the outlines of the buildings that had soaked up the heat of the sun during the day. Twelve stories below them on the ground they saw some movement of small heat signatures in these binoculars. Each assumed they were dogs or some other small animal running around the city scavenging for easily accessible human bodies that were still lying in the streets. They each kept a mindful eye towards where the military base was, but it was too far away to be able to get any readings from atop their hotel. Every time they traded the binoculars they expected the other to see something in the distance coming straight at them. Every time they traded the binoculars they were met with an empty city. 
"Do you think there are more people out there? In the city I mean." Donovan asked Leo. 
"I don't know. It seems like if there are, they are pretty determined to stay hidden. I don't think we will find anyone else around here before we leave. It seems that the men of the base had a pretty good handle on the surrounding area. Survivors may have already been picked up or gone running from this area. For all we know they already headed towards New Mexico or somewhere else." Leo answered.
"But you don't think we are the only ones left? Well us and whoever is left in the base over there. You think there are more people?" Donovan asked.
"I think there has got to be more people. There have been too many people coming together in this small area for us to assume that nobody else in any other city survived. I am looking at it in the same way that I look at the universe. It is just too damn big to be." Leo responded.
 "I guess we will find out when we get to New Mexico." Donovan answered.
"New Mexico is a big place. Do you think we will be able to find out where their research facility was? I mean it could be anywhere out there." Leo continued, he was allowing some of his own insecurities to come out while standing on the rooftop. The fact that Leo didn't have all the answers, yet he was supposed to portray the confidence of someone who did, was a lot for him to handle and a difficult front to keep up at all times. 
"Yeah. Do you have any plan for finding the facility?" Donovan asked. 
"Honestly? Not really." Leo paused for a moment. "I figure we head for Albuquerque, it is the biggest city there, and look for signs of life or a direction to go from there. If there are people surviving there then maybe they will have some way of getting in contact with us. If there isn't anyone there, at least we won't be in the same city as the men over there." Leo answered motioning towards the base. The two stood in silence for a long while after that, each of them contemplating the trip ahead of them and what they might find once they reached their destination. Leo in his leadership role and Donovan in his role as priest for the group would have to keep up the appearance of self assuredness in order to keep the rest of the group unified. The two knew that if they started to worry that there was no help out there or that they couldn't take care of themselves regardless of what they found it would only be a matter of time before people stopped working to help the group and instead started looking out for themselves individually. Leah agreeing with the plan to go to New Mexico and keeping a strong stance about the possibilities that could be found out there would be a strong motivator to get everyone on board with the plan. Since there hadn't been any other ideas as to what to do to continue to cope with this world Leo assumed that there wouldn't be any argument about what they should all do next, but he thought it would be best to have a united front of people, all had the same plan. He really did just want what was best for all the people that had come to him seeking help. Leo wasn't sure how the women who had recently joined up with his group would respond to the idea of traveling to an unknown destination after they had just gained control over their destiny, but he thought with Leah's help they would choose to come along.
"I am going to go wake up Leah and have her bring Beatrice up here so they can take over." Leo told Donovan as he started to head back into the hotel. 
"Sounds good. I'll be here." Donovan answered and watched as Leo headed back inside. Donovan picked up the infrared binoculars and started looking around the city to see if there were any creatures running around at this time of night. He didn't expect to see anyone walking the streets at this time and he didn't think that anyone would be storming the hotel at this hour either. What he saw through the binoculars startled him at first and it took a second for him to realize what he was seeing. The buildings had lost most of the heat they had accumulated the day before and so when he saw a brightness in the binoculars of yellow, red and orange he didn't know what to make of it. It was moving through the city rapidly and when his eyes had been given a chance to adjust to what he was looking at he realized what it was. Through the binoculars he was seeing a vehicle driving through the streets of the city. The image flickered as it went behind buildings that hid its heat signature and then reemerged on the other side of the building. Donovan squinted to try and get his eyes to adjust to what they were seeing. His mind put the lines of heat together to form a military truck with a mounted gun in the back that someone was standing at with hands on handles waiting for something to shoot at. Donovan had no doubt that it was the men from the military base from which every inhabitant of the hotel had escaped. 
  Donovan put the binoculars down for a second and thought about running inside to find Leo or whoever he could, but he realized if he did that he could lose the vehicle in the city. He still wasn't sure if they were headed towards the hotel or if they were just on a routine patrol. The thought of them looking back at him through similar binoculars caused Donovan to crouch down to hopefully hide his position. The rifle was next to him, already mounted to the ledge, but he wasn't sure he wanted to take that shot and risk giving away their position if it hadn't already been compromised. Donovan decided that all he could do was follow the vehicle through the sights of his binoculars and see if they made their way towards the hotel. Donovan watched as the heat signature of the vehicle and the men inside it drove down the street. The men's orange and yellow hues glowed through the binoculars and Donovan couldn't help but wonder what had made those men the way they were. Was it something about their upbringing, perhaps they weren't hugged enough, beaten too often or just had a predisposition to an oppressive nature? Still a worse idea of what may have brought out this evil in the men was the possibility that it was just opportunity that allowed them to become this way. Without individuals judging and a criminal justice portion of the world to enforce the rules the men were free to do whatever they wanted and what they wanted was of the vilest nature. Donovan watched and wondered if the next street would be the one that they would take in his direction. Each intersection held the possibility of a different outcome to his life should they chose to take the turn that would lead them to his hiding place. Each stoplight they passed Donovan gave a sigh of relief and then held his breath again as they came towards another crossroads. 
  Donovan watched as the men passed all of the most likely roads that would have taken them to the hotel, but still his gaze through the binoculars was unbroken. The tap on Donovan's shoulder scared him out of the trance that the men through the binoculars had placed him under. That was the power they had, the ability to intimidate without even driving in Donovan's direction. Donovan jumped and dropped the binoculars while turning around as quick as he could to see who had snuck up behind him so perfectly. The binoculars hit the ground and bounced away from him; he looked up and saw the friendly face of Leo with Leah and Beatrice behind him. 
"Whoa easy there. Everything alright?" Leo asked Donovan with a smile on his face of amusement at having caught Donovan so far off guard. 
"You didn't fall asleep did you?" Leah asked jokingly from behind Leo. 
"No, I saw the guys from the base." Donovan answered picking up the binoculars as he tried to find his target once again. 
"What? Where?" Leo asked, the smiles fell from all their faces immediately. "Were they coming this way?" Leo began to crouch to use the cover of the ledge against any threat that might be out there. Leah and Beatrice did the same thing and lowered themselves just in case there was someone watching from another building possibly with the group in their rifle's sites. 
"They were driving through the city. I am pretty sure it is them, I was only able to see them in the infrared binoculars, but it looked like a military vehicle." Donovan answered as he was still desperately trying to find the vehicle once again. 
"Were they coming this way?" Leah asked. 
"No, they didn't look like they knew we were here. I saw them right after you left and was following them the whole time you were gone. They just seemed to be cruising through the streets. I kept waiting for them to turn this way or point at me or something but they weren't coming this way or anywhere near us." Donovan explained to the others. "Damn! I lost them. I can't find them now." Donovan shouted while still searching through the binoculars. He turned back towards the other three and put the binoculars down at his side. "I don't see them anymore." 
"Well we should get out of here right?" Beatrice asked hastily. 
"Why and where? Donovan doesn't think that they saw us and they didn't look like they were coming this way, right Donovan?" Leo answered. 
"Well, they didn't look like they saw me and they didn't take any streets this way so I don't think they knew we were here." Donovan responded. 
"It isn't going to do us any good to go running from room to room waking everyone up in the middle of the night and running off." Leo told Beatrice in a calm voice that suggested he had a plan of his own. 
"Don't you patronize me. We need to leave now. We need to wake everyone up and get them in the cars and get away from here. It was stupid of us to stay this close to the base. We should have just kept driving." Beatrice was getting agitated. 
"You need to calm down. We are going to be fine, we just need?.." Leo began, but was interrupted by Beatrice. 
"Don't tell me to calm down. You don't know what they are like. You don't know what they did and what they will do again. So don't tell me to calm down. And there must be enough of them if they have people to send out in the middle of the night just to look for us. Maybe they got some new recruits or there were more then we knew about or perhaps they were just one chapter of the Evil Bastards frat and now their buddies are in town.  I don't know, but I do know that we need to get the hell out of here before they find us again." Beatrice jumped all over Leo's calmness.
"Okay I agree that we need to leave but if we go running off in the night we are all going to get caught. They were probably just cruising around hoping to scare us out of our hiding place. They were hoping that we would take a shot at one of them or get in our cars and go driving like bats out of hell trying to get away. We need to stay calm. We should leave tomorrow, that will give us time to pack everything up and get ready. I don't know what it is going to be like on the road. I don't know who or what we are going to run into, we should let everyone have a full night's rest and then we can leave. Does that sound alright?" Leo asked the group of leaders while specifically looking at Beatrice to gauge her response to his proposed plan. She hesitated as she weighed the argument and then conceded that it was a good plan to let everyone sleep and then to try and leave the city undetected tomorrow. It was obvious that she didn't like being told what to do, but she couldn't argue with the logic of his plan. There was no need to rush from the safety of the hotel or to wake everyone up into a panic. 
"Why are we leaving in broad daylight? Shouldn't we leave under the cover of darkness?" Beatrice asked, now obviously scared and frustrated that they were still discussing things instead of taking action.
"Which do you think would stand out more, a little movement in the distance between buildings or the bright headlights of a car driving through the darkness that this city has become without power?" Leo asked, obviously implying that they should use the cover of daylight to make their escape.
"Okay we will wait until the morning, but then we need to get out of here." Beatrice conceded as Leah and Donovan were nodding along with her. 
"I doubt any of us are going to be able to sleep, knowing what we know now. Do you guys want to take over watch, get some rest to be able to drive tomorrow, or get some stuff ready for tomorrow?" Donovan asked Leah and Beatrice. "I am fine staying up here if you guys want." He continued.
"I wouldn't mind staying up here with you. I'd like to keep watch for a bit." Beatrice offered. 
"Do you want me to stay up here with you?" Leah asked. 
"No, I think me and the preacher here will be fine." Beatrice answered. Donovan had a twinge of guilt when she said this. He still felt a little bad about allowing her to believe that he was a priest and that she could trust him more so then most men just based on the collar he was wearing. It was true that she could trust him, but he did feel bad that this trust was being issued under false pretense. He knew he couldn't tell her the truth, after all, he had promised Leo that he would become a priest to everyone including himself, still it dug at him knowing he was lying to someone in such a vulnerable position. 
"Leo and I will go and get what we can ready without waking people up. Maybe we will find some stuff to make a nice breakfast also. Who knows what is going to be available to us once we start traveling" Leah announced. Beatrice took her place next to the rifle mounted to the ledge and started looking out into the city with a set of the night vision binoculars. Leo and Leah turned and headed back inside to see what they could get ready for the next day. They each went to their respective rooms and packed up each of them had and loaded it into vehicles downstairs, hidden in the parking garage. They would need at least two more vehicles to accommodate everyone, but they decided that a car with headlights on in the middle of the night would just be asking for trouble and so the two decided to wait until daylight to go looking for more transportation. Together they brought down the supplies that the group had amassed over the past few days. It took Leah and Leo a couple hours of continuously going up and down the stairs to stage all of the weapons, water, snacks, batteries, flashlights and everything else the group had collected. 
  On the roof Donovan and Beatrice sat in silence, each with a set of binoculars set into the city. All too often they each looked away from the center of the city to check on the military base and see if there had been any new developments or any movement since last they checked. Neither of them had been able to find the truck that Donovan had seen earlier. The fact that he hadn't been able to prove the existence of the vehicle and the men driving it to Beatrice had worried him. It could just be coincidence that he wasn't able to find the truck after being startled by Leo or perhaps the men had noticed Donovan on the roof and had hidden from sight. Perhaps even now they were relaying directions to the hotel to any of the other survivors of Leah's rebellion. There just wasn't any way to tell for sure and so with constant vigilance Donovan peered into the depths of the night looking for any sign that an attack was imminent, but there was neither any signs of impending attacks nor was there anything to suggest that he was safe and that the men from the base weren't planning an attack right now. 
"Do you think we will make it out of the city Father?" Beatrice asked. 
"You can just call me Donovan if you'd like." 
"Alright Donovan, do you think we are going to make it out of the city or do you think those assholes are going to find us first?" She asked again. 
"I think we will make it out of here. I know you have the rest of the women's best interest at heart, but I really do think that leaving tomorrow is the best plan." Donovan answered. 
"Yeah? I just don't like the idea of sitting around wasting time while they are out there looking for us. I don't know about you, but I want to get as far away from here as possible." 
"I can sympathize with that. Leah and Leo are pretty good together. They always seem to have a plan and they make people feel like they know what they are doing? 
"I can see that, but how true is that? Are they just going through, as lost as the rest of us, but with the confidence to convince the rest of us that they know what they are doing?" Beatrice asked while she continued to look out to the city. 
"I can't say for sure. I only know what I have seen. They came together and made a place for people who had nowhere else to go. Each of them was able to escape from the military base and bring some survivors with them. We haven't been found here yet and we have a destination away from this place. I think they have done a pretty good job considering. I doubt either of them were prepared to handle the responsibility they have taken on." Donovan explained trying to put some of Beatrice's fears to rest. 
"Do you think they really expect to find any help in New Mexico?" Beatrice asked. 
"I don't know honestly. I think it is party just something to hope for and I have seen how important hope is in this place. Deep down I think none of us expect to find anything out there. We all know the odds. Even if we can find the town and facility where the greatest minds in the world were working, which isn't likely, there is still the miniscule chance that anyone survived long enough to develop a cure. Even if they did develop a cure that worked they would have had to mass produce it and get it out to some people, most likely just some of the local residents or some political figures who wouldn't do us much good as survivors." Donovan answered as honestly as he could without putting too much of a cloud over the plan.
"So you don't think we will find anyone even if we do make it all the way to New Mexico? Why even try and make it that far then? Why not just set up some kind of community a couple cities over or something?" She asked him. 
"I didn't say that I don't think we will find anything. Actually I think that New Mexico is the place to go not because they might have found a cure there, but because other survivors might have the same idea as us. We are proof that there are survivors of the virus. If there are more of us out there then the last broadcast they probably heard, just like us, was about the people working in New Mexico to try and find a cure. It just seems like the most promising destination that anyone has provided yet." 
"But what if the people who have made it there are like the guys at the military base? What if they are just using the idea of hope to sucker people into letting their guard down?" Beatrice asked finally taking her eyes off the city and looking down at the ground below. 
"I think we have to continue to take chances in trusting people. It may already be too late, but if we don't try and help one another than humans might really be done." 
"Look around Father, humans are done. We have what, like twenty people here? How many more men are still over at the base? How many millions are dead all around us? It is over, can't you see that?" Beatrice answered him. 
"Maybe the planet just couldn't handle all that we were doing to it and so it cleansed itself of some of the excess. I don't think we as a species are done though. It doesn't take too much for life to find a way around almost any situation. There could be whole cities untouched by the virus due to seclusion or a natural immunity like us. I think it is premature to say that we as a species are done." 
"I guess that is true, but what kind of life is it that we are walking in to? A world where we are hiding from slaving rapists and having to have someone on guard all through the night to protect the rest of the individuals inside? Is that really a world that you want to survive to see?" 
"The world we lived in before had just as many problems, they just didn't affect most people. There was genocide in countries, starvation in others, civil wars with guerrilla tactics and none of these things bothered us because it didn't impact us directly. Sure we would see a quick snipet on TV about the problems of others, but as long as we could change the channel and pretend it wasn't happening most people were perfectly content. With fewer people to distribute the evil of the world to we are most likely going to have to handle a broader spectrum of what people are capable of. Compound that with a greater sense of fear and feelings of abandonment and we will surely see more atrocities like those at the military base." Donovan explained.
"And you think that is okay?" 
"No, of course I don't think it is okay. I also believe that once people begin to come together and see that they aren't alone and that there are others out there who are looking after one another that fear will subside. It will take a while, but once people are brought together again, I think they will try to bring about good." 
"You don't think that that same evil and fear that is within so many right now will just compound and turn into a force that can't be combated?" Beatrice asked Donovan.
"I have to believe that the good in people will somehow make its way to the surface. Once people get past being scared they will see themselves in those around them and they will have to help one another. If they don't do this, then perhaps we as a species will be finished, or at least our humanity may be lost completely which would be just as bad." Donovan was looking out into the city absently now, trying to imagine what the world would evolve into now that it had another chance at a fresh start. 
"I hope you are right, but I have seen what this new world has to offer. I have seen the evil that lurks in the hearts of men unleashed on the world. I have seen what people do when there is no authority to chastise their actions and nobody around to enforce the rights of others. I don't see how the world can come back from allowing that kind of evil to roam free." Beatrice's eyes were filled with hatred not just for those men at the base, but for the world that had created them, for the deity who had allowed them to survive the virus. 
"We just can't give up. We have to try for something better." Donovan answered.
"I haven't given up to this point. Now that I am free of that place I don't intend to give up. I just think there are different interpretations of success in this world. I won't give up, but I don't think that suddenly everything will be alright and that we will find someone in New Mexico who will have all the answers and a safe place to sleep." Beatrice responded in a condescending tone. 
"Well then we will just have to make that place for the people that arrive after us." Donovan responded
"Yeah, I guess, we will see." Is all that Beatrice could respond. The two had nothing left to say to one another. They were at an impasse, Donovan hoping for the best and Beatrice expecting the worst, neither of them able to allow themselves to believe the others perspective. They both sat in silence watching the city. There was still no sign of the men Donovan had seen earlier when the sun began to brighten the sky. Donovan felt disappointed that he had lost the vehicle simply by being startled by Leo and Beatrice. Leah came upstairs as the sun was making the whole city visible and told the two of them that everything was downstairs and ready.
"Why don't you guys come inside and get a shower. We are going to wake everyone up in a bit and tell them all what is going on over breakfast." Leah told the two. 
"Should one of us stay up here and keep a lookout?" Beatrice asked. 
"I'll send Blake up with a walkie talkie to keep a look out and keep us informed. I think we are going to be leaving soon; the rest of us will start getting everyone ready. I think you would be the best to explain what is going on to most of the girls. Can you do that?" Leah asked Beatrice. Leah thought that having one of their own tell them about the plan might make it easier to take for the girls who just wanted to rest and go undisturbed for a bit. 
"Yeah I can do that. You sure we are going to be alright without someone up here?" 
"Well we all have weapons and everyone is pretty much just waiting for a reason to use them. If one of the guys from the base should happen to show up here, I feel bad for them." Leah answered with a joking tone that was lost on Beatrice.
"I don't." Beatrice answered and then walked passed Leah and started down the stairs to wake the rest of the girls. 
"Blake will be up in just a minute" Leah responded.
"Come on, let's go inside and get ready." Leah told Donovan and then helped him load up the weapons and binoculars that he had had at the ready throughout the night. The two took the equipment downstairs to the pile waiting next to the vehicles and then went their separate ways to their rooms. Donovan was exhausted from the night and couldn't imagine having to drive today for hours to try and make it out of the city and out of the reach of the men at the base. The next few hours were spent telling the others of the plan to leave that very day and having them all get ready. There was a late leisurely breakfast served to a tense sitting of individuals. People had heard about the men's patrol the night before and were anxious to leave the city and be rid of this place. Leo was trying to create a sense of ease in the people and make them feel as if there wasn't anything to worry about. This was hard for him to do when news of the men driving by the hotel was becoming more and more exaggerated. From Beatrice's standpoint they should have left in the night as soon as Donovan had lost sight of the vehicle, but she had been swayed into staying and was now just waiting for Leo to give the word for people to start loading into the vehicles to be on their way. 
  Leah had taken two of the girls who had come from the base and they had come back with two more SUV vehicles to go with the vehicles that had already been loaded with supplies. They had the vehicles all lined up with everything loaded into them. There were the two SUV's recently acquired, two full size trucks capable of seating five each and a minivan that could seat seven. There was more than enough room for everyone, even with the weapons and the supplies loaded in with them. Leah, Leo, Beatrice and Donovan stood outside the vehicles where everyone else had already been loaded into and quickly went over the plan to leave the city. They would stay on the highways as much as possible and stay together as a group while avoiding car crashes and anything else that might be in the way, they agreed it would be the fastest way out of town. There were acknowledging glances passed around the group of four who had become the leadership of all the people under their protection. They took to their vehicles and followed Leo out of the garage area of the hotel and started their trip towards New Mexico. 

CHAPTER 23: Fire in the Night

  From the top of a building that wasn't far away from the escapees hotel Raphael looked out across the city. He had lost the women that had taken him time to collect and who had been invaluable to the morale of the men who were following his orders. He had sent the men out last night driving through the city making all kind of noise as if they were on a mission. Raphael hadn't expected the men to find the women or the other group of people who had escaped. The jeep of men driving through town was meant to flush out the women. If they had seen the men driving up and down the streets then they would either huddle in the corner of a room waiting for it to all go away as they had done when locked in their cell, or they would try and make a run for it. Raphael was betting on the latter of the options. The women had fought back when they had had the chance and they had won, he figured their time of hiding in the corners and wishing for it to all go away was over. If he was able to get them back again his mind was already racing with ideas of punishment for them. He knew if he was going to get things back to the way they had been before he was going to have to break the women all over again and retrain them. He wondered if he would ever be able to be like Bernie and just sit back and orchestrate others and have them do the work for him. Raphael had moved up the ranks and was Bernie's right hand man now and so didn't have to strain himself too badly, but if he wasn't able to get the women back to a cell on base he wasn't sure how long that position would remain his. 
  Raphael had stationed men on some of the highest buildings in the city once the jeep of men had returned this morning without anything to report. Each man had been given a walkie talkie and told to keep a lookout for anyone on the street or any vehicles driving through town, if they saw anything they were to report it over the walkie talkie immediately.
"I see something." A voice announced breaking the silence that the walkie talkies had produced thus far. "There are five vehicles headed south on Main Street." The voice announced to everyone with a  walkie talkie in their possession. 
"Everyone keep an eye on them. I don't want to lose them in the city. I am getting to a vehicle and will pursue. Beta team rendezvous at Fifth and Main we will then converge on them in force. If they make it out of the city I want to know in what direction and on what street. Do you understand me? I don't want to lose them!" Raphael commanded. 
  Leo and his convoy of followers made their way through the streets as quickly as they could. They wanted nothing more then to look upon the city in the rear view mirrors for the last time. None of the passengers knew that they had been spotted, but still they hurried on. Everyone in the vehicles had a weapon in close proximity for whatever might lay ahead.  
  Raphael had rallied the men to meet on Main Street. When everyone had arrived there he checked in over the walkie talkie to see where the convoy of vehicles had gone. 
"Where are they? Are they still in town?" Raphael asked.
"No. They left town going south on the highway. Should we follow now or wait for you?" The voice answered. 
"Wait for me damn it! If you try to go after them, you'll either get killed or worse yet you'll lose them. Just stay where you are." Raphael answered. As Raphael released the button of the walkie talkie three trucks pulled up next to where he was waiting in a fourth truck. Two of them held back a ways while the third pulled right up alongside of Raphael.
"So, we going to catch them this time?" Bernie sat comfortably in the passenger seat while one of the men whose name Raphael barely knew and whose name he was sure Bernie didn't know sat uneasily in the driver's seat.
"Definitely. I am not going to let them get away this time." Raphael told Bernie.
"You know you didn't do such a hot job keeping them locked away on the base when they were already in a cell, had no weapons and didn't seem to have much fight left in them. You sure this is going to be different?" Bernie continued to press Raphael while still looking forward out of the truck not bothering to make eye contact. 
"They had help. It wasn't like they just broke through the bars and then just happened upon some weapons. Someone broke them out. I'll bet they are all still together as they try to drive off like nothing happened. We will get them back, maybe a few newbies with them." Raphael told Bernie, sounding as confident in his answer as he could, while still trying to cover up the fact that he should have been able to stop the women when they were attempting to escape. 
"Make sure you get that blonde back. What was her name? B something, I liked her." Bernie smiled a vicious smile that only Beatrice and a few of the other women had seen before. Raphael didn't know exactly what that smile meant, but he could tell from that grin that the women who had seen it before were not likely to come with the men as peacefully as they had the first time they were captured. Raphael didn't care what the men did with the women that were held on base, least of all what Bernie did with them, it was just going to make the task of catching the women that much more difficult. Raphael decided that this last comment from Bernie was a personal thought and didn't need any acknowledgement. 
"They have just left the city heading south. I was just about to order that we all go after them and bring them back. If that is alright with you?" Raphael asked.  
"Well I should think so. I wonder where they think they are going. I guess we will just have to remind them who is in charge and where their home is." Bernie responded. 
"Are you coming with us on this one?" Raphael asked him. 
"Yeah. It has been a while since I have been out. Apparently I have to keep an eye on you also, don't want any more of our friends running off and getting lost." Bernie answered, making sure to once again blame Raphael for having lost the women. 
"You want to take the lead or shall I?" 
"Go ahead, I'll be right behind you." Bernie answered. He could tell that Raphael was starting to feel slighted, as if perhaps it was he who should be calling the shots of their little organization. When they returned with the women there would probably have to be some discussion about the power structure. In the discussion Raphael would most likely be shot and that would be the end of the power struggle as well as setting a nice example to the rest of the men who might think they weren't getting what they deserved. Raphael had been faithful and a great asset but dissension and power struggles were not good for the group dynamic and so needed to be dealt with swiftly. The vehicles pulled out into a convoy of their own. They only had four vehicles as compared to Leo's five, but the vehicles were more suited to the pursuit and capture of people. Each of the trucks had a man in the bed where they were strapped to a harness. The men were either stationed just behind a mounted gun that was attached to a roll bar on the truck or holding on with one hand as they held automatic weapons in the other hand. 
  Bernie sat in the front seat of the second vehicle just behind Raphael. Bernie remembered when he had been alone in the house that he had taken from the man whose wallet Bernie had taken. He had watched the broadcast sent out by the Vice President and had wondered if his time really had come. The Vice President was trying to reassure people, but he had that faint air of bullshit that Bernie was keen at detecting. His life on the street dealing with people everyday who tried to make up some kind of excuse or what they called reasons why they couldn't make a payment had enabled him to become a great lie detector. His price for protection in his little organization of homeless thugs had been a bottle of whiskey every week. It didn't seem like too much to ask for, but people always seemed to come up with some kind of excuse as to why they were short that week. In his early days on the streets when he was first coming to realize that homeless life didn't have to be so bad as long as someone else did the work Bernie had allowed people to use those excuses without any repercussions. He quickly learned that if you don't hold a standard for others to live up to you are really doing everyone involved a disservice. When he began to hold people accountable for their bottle every week was when Bernie started to acquire respect and power. Through this simple act of requiring a bottle a week from certain individuals he had been able to cut out a nice little lifestyle for himself among the people that most others simply walked past without any notice. Bernie had found an untapped resource in the world and had made it his own. 
  When things had gotten really bad outside as he watched from the house, he had barricaded the door and sat back in comfort. The world outside was tearing itself apart. Until the power went out he had watched as riots broke out in the cities where there weren't enough supplies to help the masses. He watched as bombs were dropped on US soil by powers both foreign and domestic. He sat in comfort, used to making do with what he had available, and watched while the Vice President gave his speech. When the madness came to the neighborhood he stayed in, he simply kept a calm feeling and relaxed. When people tried to break down the barricades he had set up he would walk effortlessly to the door and shoot the person on the other side who was attempting to get inside. Through his time on the streets his outlook on life had changed dramatically. Bernie had ended up on the streets because he couldn't forgive himself for shooting a child in a dimly lit scenario, an accident. Through his time as an invisible person where those in society who stayed on the main streets overlooked those forced to live between buildings Bernie had seen what most can't admit to themselves. There are no innocents in the world. That child he had accidently shot was already on his way to becoming a full-fledged burden on society. Bernie looked back at that moment differently from his sanctuary. Where once he had seen the shooting as a terrible injustice that the world shouldn't have allowed and that he couldn't let himself come to grips with, he now saw it as his first realization of the way things really were. Everyone was out for themselves and if they weren't then they were just waiting to be taken advantage of. 
  When things had begun to settle down and he was still sane, to the best of his knowledge, he decided he had to leave this home. Bernie had made his way around the town that had destroyed itself. At first he thought he was the only one left alive to bear witness to the destruction that the city had brought upon itself. As he pillaged the city for supplies and anything he had ever wanted or thought he might need he found others who had survived the wrath of the virus. Bernie knew that this new world was no place for equality and Democracy. That had already come and failed. Bernie knew that it would be the person who took power that would be the person to keep it. His time on the street and bringing together the organization of a mob like mentality in the form of homeless brutes had prepared him for the organizational task that he would need to begin with the people he found alive in the streets of the city. 
  Bernie had made quick work establishing himself as the alpha male and recruiting others to the way of life that he now saw as totally possible. The acquisition of women to keep the morale of his followers was quick to follow the recruiting and conditioning of the men. Bernie had no qualms about the mistreatment of women, men or children. At this point for him it was all about survival and making the best life for himself that he could. Dominating other people and bringing them into the fold of his idea of what their society should be like allowed Bernie to take control and to show others that they could have all that they wanted if they just followed his orders. He had gathered a small group of men and had been going through the process of capturing those who wouldn't comply with his wishes or weren't of any use to him and either holding them captive or executing them. 
  One of the first women that Bernie and his group had come across had been Leah. She appeared unaffected by the virus when they found her in a grocery store looking for food that she could take back to the place where she had waited out the craziness that was all around. She hadn't seen anyone else in a few weeks and was beginning to wonder for herself if she was one of the last if not the last person alive in the city. When the men came across her they were able to easily play on her naivety in a situation such as this. The men with their weapons and military outfits made them seem as if they were sanctioned by the government, whatever government was left, and were here looking for survivors in the ruble of cities. Bernie had an arrogance and charisma of military personnel. When Bernie introduced himself and his partners as men here on a mission of mercy looking to help those who had survived she wanted to believe him.


Leah had been a little hesitant at first, but if they were from the government then she should go with them and join up with any of the other survivors. As soon as Leah was in the car she realized the mistake she had made in agreeing to come with these men. The glare that Bernie gave her as his vehicle drove by told her that things were not as they seemed. The man sitting behind her in the vehicle wrapped his arms around her and another held a cloth that had been dosed with some kind of chemical over her mouth. The fumes almost immediately knocked her unconscious and when she woke she was locked in a room with two other women. She couldn't find any exit and the other two women she was with were still in shock at their current predicament and so she was stuck in the room. After some time Bernie came to the room and stood in the doorway with the door held wide open. The light behind him and the darkness of the small room that she shared with the two other women only showed her Bernie's outline as he stood in the doorway. Her eyes tried to adjust to the difference in lighting but could only look at the outline of Bernie in the door and follow this down the side of his body to a point where in one hand he held the knife that she was about to be introduced to for the first time. The knife would be the same one that became her only salvation at the end of any torture, where that cutting pain would signify the end. 
  Bernie thought back fondly of his first encounter with Leah, she had been his first. Not the first that he would take to bed against their will, but the first he would introduce to his knife. That same knife was still attached to his belt now as he drove after the women. She had been the first, but many had followed after her. While he hadn't made every mark in the women, when someone was done with them the knife had made every incision. This was part of his control, the men were allowed to do whatever they wanted to the women as long as they came to him and asked permission first and requested the use of the knife. The men were then required to leave a mark on the women when they were done. Not only did this secure his power, as he had to give permission to the men, it kept the men under his control. The fact that there was only one knife made things easier for the men. There weren't fights over who was going to get which girl, everyone had their turns and there wasn't disorder with women all over the place taken out by different men at a time. The knife brought order to the little place. Much like a judges gavel brings order to the chaos of a courtroom, his knife brought order to the turns and manner in which the men had access to the women they captured. Without it there would be anarchy. Fights would break out to whose turn it was with which female and Bernie wouldn't have the power to control the men.
  Leah had been stuck in that hell for some time and had acquired many scars across the side of her body, but there comes a point where a person just can't take anymore. During one of her sessions where a man had gone through the proper protocol of checking out the knife, as easy as checking out a book from the library, and then heading to the detention area where the women were kept Leah had seen her opportunity to escape. The man had finished with her and was in a daze of post coitus relaxation while he tried to make the mark on the women with the knife that was required by Bernie. As the knife cut into her and brought her back to the reality she had allowed herself to slip from, for her own sanity, she turned quickly and twisted the man so that he lost control of the knife and fell to the ground himself. Leah grabbed for the knife and found the handle. Before the man could call for any kind of help, Leah was on top of him plunging the knife deep into his midsection over and over.
  She had to stop herself from continuing to bring the blade down into the man continuously until he was only a mess of flesh and blood on the floor. Leah had to reign in her rage and save it for another time. The man had stopped moving some time ago and so she finally was able to make her way to the door. Leah dropped the knife in disgust. Covered in blood she had managed to sneak out of the building the men had been using as their lair. She hadn't even thought about trying to rescue any of the other girls at this point, right now she just had to get away and save herself.
  Bernie found out what happened to the man that had been with Leah and decided that they needed to move to a more secure location. Leah had still been hiding in the building when she had heard the vehicles pass by her as Bernie and his men moved on to create the next incarnation of their evil. It wasn't until the day after the men had left that Leah was able to leave her hiding place. Leah had made the decision to survive. Bernie had seen Leah at the radio station and had relished in the fact that she hadn't recognized him with his cap and glasses on. He had planned to surprise her later on that same night, but she had escaped before he could become reacquainted with her. 
Bernie was relaxed as they drove through the city. "The women will surrender once they see us coming up from behind in our trucks. No matter how horrible a time they think they are having, they will still want to live." Bernie thought to himself. He didn't believe that the women would kill themselves before coming back with the men, he had given them food, water and shelter, he just couldn't imagine their lives being so horrible as to necessitate suicide. This was one of the many things that allowed Bernie to continue doing what he did to people. He had a great inability to empathize and to realize that there are things in life much worse than death. This lack of perspective allowed him to mistreat all those around him.

CHAPTER 24: Rearview Mirror

  Leo's convoy of vehicles was basically divided into ones that held the women who had escaped the military base and those who had come with Leo from the school. There was little chatter in these vehicles. There was still the possibility that they would find themselves inside another prison, not necessarily of the same men who had captured them before, but the fact that there was that kind of evil in the world made it possible around every corner. Still there was cautious optimism that the worst that this world had to offer was behind them now and that the possibilities of a world unexplored lay ahead. In the vehicles that carried the people who had been with Leo since the school the atmosphere was a bit friendlier and easy going. The people from the school had been relatively sheltered from the realities of the men at the base and so were allowed to hope for the best in their sheltered world of naivety. Leo was in the front car, with Blake sitting beside him in the navigator's position. In Blake's lap he had a large map of the U.S. and a walkie talkie. In the passenger seat of every vehicle there were these same objects. On each map there had been circled areas along the way that were set up as meeting points, in case anyone was separated along the way they could meet up again at the next circled point. Nobody knew what awaited them in New Mexico, if they made it that far, but they had all seen what was left in this city and were eager to leave it behind. As the convoy passed the city limit sign there was a sigh of relief from many of the individuals in the car as they thought the city was truly behind them and that they had escaped without notice. It was only a few miles past this sign that Maggie said "Hey who is that?" The girl was turned all the way around in her seat looking back at the city. Leah was the driver of the girl's car and immediately adjusted and looked into the rear view mirror to see what the girl was talking about. In the rearview mirror Leah could only see the SUV directly behind her. 
"What's was that?" Leah asked the girl. 
"There is another truck back there. Did we forget someone?" The girl answered curiously. Leah adjusted the side view mirror so that she could see around the vehicle directly behind her. At first she didn't see anything but then she saw the movement of a truck coming out of the city. It was followed by three others. 
"Give me the walkie talkie!" Leah yelled to her navigator who fumbled for the walkie talkie and eventually was able to hand it to Leah. "Leo! Leo can you hear me?" Leah asked over the walkie talkie. There was a brief silence where Leo was trying to get the walkie talkie from Blake. 
"Yeah I can hear you. What's up?" Leo asked calmly. He too thought that in passing the city limit sign the group had made it past the point of needing to be worried.
"Look behind you. Back towards the city. They are coming!" Leah answered. As each vehicle had a walkie-talkie in it the news was spread through her single communication. There was a noticeable swerving of one of their vehicles as the news came through and Donovan felt his body tense up pulling the steering wheel a little too much in one direction. 
"What are we going to do?" Beatrice asked over the walkie-talkie. She was obviously afraid, but was trying to keep a calm tone of voice so as not to scare the other women in the vehicle. There was an uneasy silence in response to this question. Everyone had thought that there was a possibility of the men coming after them, but nobody had any kind of plan to stop them from taking back what they thought was their property and killing the rest of them. The answer was obvious, but it was without planning and didn't have much meaning. 
"We have to fight." Leo finally answered over the walkie-talkie. "We all have weapons now, we aren't going to let them just come here and take us back there." This was really as far as Leo had gotten with his plan. They obviously needed to fight, but he had no idea what a plan was that would allow them to actually win said battle. It was Beatrice who answered the question of how they would fight the men. 
"What if two of our vehicles fell back and hid under a bridge or something and then when they passed by we catch back up and sandwich them between our two set of vehicles?" Again there was silence across the walkie-talkies. Everyone considered the choices they had and couldn't come up with anything better. If they stopped where they were the men would be able to cut them off from any resources and would just have to wait them out. This way at least there might be some chance of surprise. There was a chance that the men following them wouldn't notice that two of the vehicles had peeled off until they were too close to do anything about it. 
"Alright, that could work." Leo answered. Nobody said anything and so he took that as the sign that nobody had any issues with the plan. "Okay then, the last two cars take the next exit and hide under the bridge. Keep an eye out for when the men pass and then try and catch up. We will do our best to keep them pinned between us. We have to catch them in a crossfire if we are going to have a chance. We are going to have to disable all of their vehicles. Watch out because we are going to be on both sides so watch your shots. Everybody ready?" Leo asked one last time. Silence was the only agreement that came. "At the next exit then, the last two vehicles take the exit and hide." There was a small hill that would hide this action in case the men were watching the vehicles. Leo was unsure if the plan would work, but it was the best that they had right now. When the exit came the vehicles darted off the ramp as the other three vehicles continued on without hesitation. 
  It wasn't until the vehicles were already hidden beneath the bridge and Leo, with the others had continued on that Leo realized the two vehicles that had taken the exit were totally full of the women who had been held captive on the base. The thought that the women might simply drive off in another direction instead of coming after the men now bombarded his thoughts. If the women did go their own direction away from the other three vehicles they would most likely get away from the men, but Leo and his group would in all likelihood be gunned down as the men approached. Leo didn't bother to share this idea with the others as it would only cause them to worry and to lose focus on what they were about to do. Leo and the two vehicles that followed him had only made it a few miles down the road before Raphael, Bernie and their four vehicles had made up most the distance that separated the two convoys. There was no sign of Beatrice and the other vehicle behind the men as they continued to catch up to Leo and his friends. In their rearview mirrors the drivers could see the trucks speeding towards them with men in the back attached to large guns pointed forward. They didn't want to have to shoot the people in the vehicles. They wanted to bring them back to the base and resume their normal mistreatment as if nothing had happened. Bernie sat quietly, looking on in anticipation at the property that was about to be reclaimed. The focus was on Leo and the three vehicles in front of them. Leo watched in hope through the rear view mirror while the men closed the distance between vehicles. As the vehicles came over another hill Leo saw the two SUVs that had hidden under the bridge come flying up to the vehicles that were in pursuit. 
  Raphael heard the shots being fired from behind. At first he thought it was his men taking shots at the vehicles for fun just to scare those in the vehicles ahead of them. He had been clear as they had been approaching Leo's group that he wanted to take all of them alive. They were of no use to him if they were all dead. The men had been trained to follow the order of Raphael and Bernie and so when he heard the shots being fired he knew that they weren't shooting to kill. It wasn't until he looked in his own mirror that he saw where the shots were actually coming from. There were two extra vehicles coming up on them. Each of the windows on these two vehicles were opened wide with someone hanging out, gun in hand pointed towards Raphael and the rest of the convoy. 
"Behind us, look behind us!" Raphael called out over their walkie-talkies. The message was sent to the other three vehicles that had come with Raphael on this task. Before they were able to respond, the women who were closing the distance behind the men while taking shots at them had already taken out two of the gunners in the back of the trucks. The men now hung lifeless in their harnesses that had kept them attached to the truck and able to keep the guns pointed at their target. The men in the vehicles were caught completely off guard as the women continued to catch up. The men were in the process of getting the windows down and turning around to start firing at the women closing behind them while the women continued to shoot towards the men. Before the men were even able to get a shot in the proper direction of the women, one of the vehicles had its real wheel shot out. At these speeds the truck immediately rolled end over end off the side of the road. Raphael's convoy was now down to three trucks all scrambling to get in position to fight off the surprise attack from behind them. Raphael was in the front vehicle and was turned around in his seat firing his rifle out the passenger window when he heard the driver shout for his attention.
"Oh shit!" the driver called. Raphael turned around in his seat to see the vehicles they had been chasing slowing down in front of them to box in the three remaining vehicles of Raphael and his party. Bullets started flying from in front as well as from behind as the men were caught in the crossfire. There were still two men in the back strapped to the trucks, with Leo and the three vehicles now within range they began shooting at the vehicles in front of them. Those men in the cab of the trucks were unsure of which targets to shoot at, whether they should try and cease the attack from behind or clear the way ahead of them. It was a chaos of back and forth for the men who didn't know where the bigger threat was coming from. Pointing first towards Leo's three vehicles in front and then being snapped back to focusing on the cars behind by a shot that came too close. Leo could see from his mirrors the chaos they had caused in the men who had been so sure that they were simply going to catch up to his convoy and everyone would immediately surrender. 
  The men fired towards the three vehicles that Leo was leading and eventually concentrated their shots to one of the vehicles that was blocking their escape. Most of the shots went directly into the back of the vehicle where there had been all sorts of supplies loaded, thus giving protection from the bullets that made it through the outer layer of the vehicle. Inside the twin girls curled up on the floor as their surrogate mother tried to protect them. The boy who was about Blake's age was shooting out of the passenger side window back towards the men while one of the women from the base drove the vehicle trying to keep the men behind them boxed in. The boy in the passenger seat fell limp as a bullet caught him in the head. His body slouched half inside and half out of the car. A shriek of horror came from the back as the women, still holding the girls down, saw that the boy had been killed. The woman driving the car tried to compensate for the scream and her own terror at the realization that the boy was dead. In doing so, she swerved the vehicle off the road causing it to roll side over side. Inside the car gravity pulled the individuals inside in every direction as the vehicle rotated. There were screams and the breaking of metal, plastic and bone. The rest of the people in Leo's party watched as the car flipped and eventually came to a stop. They weren't able to stop right now and check for survivors, of which they didn't think there would be any, judging by the violence of the crash. The two cars in front tightened up their blockade and continued to fire at the men. The rate of fire seemed to increase with the sight of one of theirs falling. 
  The women in the cars behind Raphael and his friends were firing everything they had out every possible window as quickly as they could. Through the glass of one of the trucks came a shot that found its way into the skull of one of the drivers. He immediately lost control of the truck and the women watched as it ran off the road and crashed against a telephone pole. The men inside had been stunned by the sudden stopping of the vehicle and were hurt from the stopping power that the dashboard or the seat in front of them had caused. The men inside who had survived began to try and move around and get free from the truck when the gasoline of the vehicle ignited and started the truck on fire. It was a small explosion that lit the truck on fire, not quite enough to instantly kill everyone inside, but it did allow the men to burn alive writhing in agony as they struggled to get free of the inferno. As Beatrice watched the truck catch fire in her mirror a smile crossed her face. Even though she was still driving and in the middle of a gun fight she enjoyed being part of the vengeance brought down upon these men. 
  The men only had two vehicles still at their disposal and one of them didn't have a gunner in the back. There were still two vehicles behind them and two in front of them. The men knew that they were far too outnumbered to keep up this fight. They hadn't been expecting a fight at all, let alone one that they would lose. Raphael knew that there was no hope in keeping up the fight that they had started and so he began to slow down. They were going to have to surrender if they were going to have any kind of possibility of getting out of this alive. They were just too outnumbered and had been caught off guard when they had been boxed in between the two sets of vehicles. Bernie noticed what Raphael was doing when he saw the vehicle starting to slow down.
"What the hell are you doing?" Bernie shouted on the walkie-talkie. 
"It is over. They have already taken out half of us. If we give up they might let us go." Raphael tried to argue to Bernie.
"Do you remember what we did to them? Do you really think they are just going to let us go? Don't be an idiot. We can get through this." Bernie yelled back at Raphael.
"How are we going to get through this? There are too many of them. Even if we take down one of them, they are going to take us all out damn it! I'm stopping." Raphael argued as he slowed down. 
"Fine you do what you want." Bernie called through the walkie-talkie. 
" Maybe we should stop." The driver of Bernie's truck suggested. Bernie pointed his pistol at the man's head and responded. "If you stop you die, either by their hand or mine." 
Raphael's truck slowed and pulled off to the side of the road with Beatrice's vehicle stopping right behind him. The women's weapons were still held out the windows of their vehicle as the men threw their weapons out and slowly exited the truck with their hands in the air. The men had been captured and were now at the mercy of the women they had tortured. Bernie didn't make it much further down the road. With only his truck against the three that still surrounded him they easily shot out his tires causing his truck to come to a grinding halt on the side of the road. Bernie shot his driver upon stopping their truck, as promised. Bernie knew that if they wanted to they could just shoot his truck with everything they had until everyone inside was dead. There was no other option but surrender. Bernie's arrogance and high opinion of himself wouldn't allow him to commit suicide or do anything that would directly result in him being killed. His life was too valuable, or so he thought, for something like that. So the men in his vehicle surrendered to the vehicles surrounding him.  
  The car chase had come to an end with a surprising result for Bernie and Raphael. They had taken off out of the city with every intention of reclaiming property they had lost. Instead they had been caught off guard, arrogant, unaware and forced to stop and surrender. Leo and the others disarmed the men and kept them at gunpoint as they took them back to where Raphael had stopped. Bernie, Raphael and the rest who had survived the chase were lined up on their knees with their hands behind their heads. 
  Reuniting with the rest of their party Leo and Leah headed back to where their other vehicle with their friends inside had rolled off the road. When Leo and Leah approached the vehicle it didn't look good for anyone who was inside. The boy had been ejected from the vehicle as it had started to roll. His lifeless body was a few feet from the crushed metal. Every side of the van looked as it if had been knocked in with a large sledge hammer, still they had to look inside and see for themselves. As the two tried to get inside the mashed vehicle they could hear a whimpering coming from inside. Someone was still alive. Neither Leah nor Leo could tell who, but the sound of the voice forced them to hurry to get to whoever was still alive inside. The two of them were able to pry one of the doors open, inside they found bodies that had been broken with the impact of the crash. There was a small amount of movement from the backseat and Leo reached in to try and feel for whoever was still moving back there. He felt someone grab a hold of his arm and when he pulled slowly away he was surprised to find that it was still hanging on. Through some miracle one of the twins wasn't pinned between any metal and didn't seem to be injured in any way as Leo pulled her out of the wreckage. He could hardly believe it. Upon further inspection of the inside of the vehicle he saw that the rest of the people inside hadn't been so lucky, everyone else inside was dead. The little girl let go of Leo's arm and grabbed for Leah, not wanting to look at the pile of metal and death behind her. The girl had lost her twin sister as well as the women that had taken a personal interest in her and her sister. All the girl could do was hug Leah and cry. The three made their way back to the rest of their party had their prisoners held at gunpoint. Leo had half expected the women to have already killed the men by the time he got back and was surprised to see so much restraint being shown.
"So, what are we going to do with them?" Donovan asked. 
"We will take care of them." Beatrice answered for the group. 
"What do you mean you'll take care of them?" Leo asked, shocked at the answer. 
"I've talked with a few of the girls and I don't think we are going to go to New Mexico with you. We just need to be on our own for a while. We have been through too much to be jumping right back into a community. We need to go somewhere where we feel safe. Honestly I don't think we can do that with a large group. I am sorry, it isn't anything against you guys here, we just have to be on our own for a while." Beatrice answered for the group of women. 
"Is this how you all feel?" Leo looked around and couldn't find any of the women from the group that had escaped the base who were willing to make eye contact with him and acknowledge the decision. "Alright, I understand. And you are going to take these men here with you?" Leo asked. 
"What are you going to do with them?" Donovan asked. 
"We are going to show them some of the same hospitality that they have shown us." Beatrice answered. "Well maybe not all of them." There were six men still on their knees with their hands behind the heads. 
"You can't do that." Donovan tried to argue, but it was obvious that the women had made up their minds and were going to go their own way and take the men with them. 
"Alright, if I can't persuade you to come with us, I wish you all the best of luck." Leo finally answered and turned his back to go back to his vehicle. 
"You can't just let them take those men and torture them." Donovan argued chasing after Leo.
"It isn't up to me. They deserve retribution. I am not going to tell them that they can't treat those men as they have been treated. It isn't my place." Leo answered.
"What do you mean it isn't your place? You are the leader of this group. They are going to torture those men to death. You can't let them do that." Donovan pleaded.
"Why not? They would have done the same thing to us had they captured us. Isn't that right?" Leo asked Raphael.
"You're god damn right." Bernie answered before Raphael could formulate a response. "You bitches are going to pay." Bernie continued and then was silenced when one of the women standing guard hit him in the back of the head with the butt of her rifle knocking him to the ground.  
Donovan didn't have an answer for why they shouldn't allow the women to do whatever they wanted with the men after what they had been through, he only knew that letting them be tortured to death wasn't the right thing to do. For a moment all Donovan could do was look at the ground considering how wrong this course of action was. Eventually he came to his own decision of what needed to be done. Donovan raised his gun towards the men on the ground and pulled his trigger repeatedly executing the men before he could be stopped. Leo eventually pulled the gun away from Donovan. Bernie was left unscathed trembling on the ground as Donovan had shot in a line across the men missing Bernie. Raphael had been shot in the arm and one of the other men hadn't been shot at all, but the rest now lay dead on the ground. The women were incapable of torturing these men and Donovan felt successful in sparing them. 
"You asshole!" One of the women yelled at Donovan as she pointed her gun in his direction.
"I'm sorry I couldn't let you do it. It isn't right." He answered.
"Get him out of here." Another of the women called for Donovan to be taken away. 
"We are going. Whoever wants to come with us is welcome. The supplies are pretty well divided in the vehicles so we will just take two of them and the rest who decide to go your own way can take the other two. Is that alright with everyone?" Leo asked the group. There was no sign of disagreement.
"Thank you for understanding." Beatrice told Leo.
"I can't say that I fully understand what you all went through, but I can't stop you from trying to make things even. You know where we are going. If you change your mind we will listen to channel twenty one. I hope to see you all again." Leo announced and looked around at the women. They all had hatred in their eyes as they looked down at the three men they still had to unleash their hatred upon. He hoped that they would find peace soon, but he doubted that the torture and death of these men would bring them anything but more nightmares. "What about you? Are you going to come with us or go with them?" Leo asked Leah. 
"I am still going to come with you, but there is something I need to do here first. I will catch up to you okay?" Leah answered as she stared at the men with the same hatred that was in the eyes of the rest of the women. The party that was still going to make their way to New Mexico was small once again. Those who were still planning to find something in New Mexico were Leo, Leah, Donovan, Blake, Angela, the young girl whose twin had died, and two women who had escaped the base, but didn't want anything further to do with the men and so had opted to leave with Leo. In total there would be only eight of them making the trip towards New Mexico. Leo wished the women who were going their own way luck one more time and then made his way with the others to one of the vehicles. He left Leah behind to take care of what she needed to and then catch up in the other vehicle. The seven of them piled into one of the SUV's and started driving down the road away from the men on their knees and the women who needed their own form of justice to be carried out on these men. 
  Leah had some things to attend to before she could allow the others to take Bernie away from her, never to be seen again. The rest of the women still had their weapons trained on the three men who remained. Bernie still lay on the ground in a daze. It was Bernie. While Bernie still lay on the ground she went up to his body and removed the knife from his belt. It was still in the same place that he had kept it when she had been a captive of his. Leah unsheathed the blade and rolled Bernie over onto his back. She had the women tie his hands and feet together and had women hold them down. Leah then cut open the shirt exposing his midsection. Leah looked at the skin of the man beneath her and saw a few scars, but nothing that matched the ones across her midsection. Leah slapped Bernie across the face and then again to get his full attention. 
"Remember me?" Leah asked
"What? No. What are you doing?" Bernie pleaded still half dazed. Leah raised her shirt and showed him the scars that lined her body. 
"How about now?" She asked after she had seen the recognition and terror come to his face in the same moment as he realized who Leah was. She didn't need an answer from Bernie, it was obvious from his struggling that he recognized her and knew what was coming next. "Yeah I thought that might jog your memory." Before Bernie could make another noise Leah brought the blade down close to his skin so that it caressed his skin with its cold steel. In a calm voice holding back a vindictive smile Leah repeated the words that Bernie had told her. "Now don't squirm you'll just make the cuts deeper." Then she made the first incision on his body. Bernie screamed out in pain as the rest of the women watched Leah continue to cut the man. Leah made her incisions and watched the blood come to the surface. They were only meant to inflict pain, not to allow him a quick death. The rest of the women who would take him away still had to have their time with the three men and she didn't want to deprive them of that joyous experience. The women surrounded the spectacle and all watched with grins while they kept their weapons pointed at the three men to make sure they didn't try any kind of escape. Leah made her sixty-seventh incision in Bernie's skin. He hadn't stopped screaming or trying to get free the entire time. The fact that he still had some fight in him made Leah smile even wider. The rest of the women would take that remaining fight out of him. He still had hope, as Leah had escaped with, the same type of hope he had taken from so many other of his prisoners. The rest of this group would do a perfect job at taking away his dignity and crushing any remaining hope he had of being free. Leah partly wished she could be there to see the day when he gave up all hope, but she knew that what she had needed to do was now done. Leah knew that in the capable hands of Beatrice and the other women these men would receive what they had coming to them. Leah got up from the bloody mess of torn flesh that she had created and felt the weight of a tormented past lifting from her. Leah felt no remorse for the man beneath her, as he had felt none for her. In fact she felt better then she had in as long as she could remember, with that torture now behind her she was able to move on. Leah went over and gave Beatrice a hug and handed her the knife she had used to cut Bernie. Leah looked at Raphael and spoke to him in the same manner as he had spoken to her through the bars at the prison. "They are going to enjoy breaking you."  
"I hope you find the same peace through retribution that I have." Leah told Beatrice and then gave each of the other women who were staying a hug. Leah walked to her vehicle and drove off without feeling the need to look back. She had done what she needed to do. While she had wanted to continue on to Raphael and the third man, she didn't want to take all the pleasure for herself. The remaining women had enough pain and suffering to redeliver upon the men that her lack of effort in torturing the men wouldn't even be missed. Leah sped along the road dodging the occasional car left on the road. After stopping to wash off the blood and put on different clothes so as not to frighten the others when she caught up with them Leah continued on to catch up with Leo. Once she was able to catch up to them, they all redistributed into the two vehicles for better comfort and then continued on without a word about why Leah had needed to stay behind for a short time. The group, now spread out in their two vehicles proceeded on towards New Mexico. Not one of the eight knew what awaited them. They were all excited to being setting forth on an unknown adventure even though a haze of their lost friends was casting clouds over their happiness.

CHAPTER 25: Reconnecting

  There was no talking in the vehicles while they drove at first. Nobody wanted to discuss what had happened just a few miles back. When Leah caught up with the others Leo had been able to look at her. He hadn't thought that she would be able to go through with the torture of Bernie, but she had proved him wrong. She had stayed and retrieved her vengeance from Bernie's flesh. Leo had seen the scars across her and for that he could understand her hatred for the man, but he still thought that she would have been able to rise above those thoughts and just walk away. She could have left Bernie there to be punished by the rest of the women, but she had needed to see the pain in his eyes inflicted by her touch. As Leo drove he went back and forth trying to condemn her actions and then pardoning them, he couldn't decide if he even had a right to judge what she had done from his perspective. He hadn't been down the path that she had and he was hardly arrogant enough to believe that he could imagine what she had been through and try to decide how he would behave if put in her situation. After a little driving Leo decided that he had no right to criticize her actions whatsoever and had to just put the incident behind them. 
"Hey Leah, how is it going over there?" Leo finally asked over the walkie-talkies. At first he didn't think that she was going to answer. He thought she was probably considering whether she should forgive him for trying to judge her or if she should hold a grudge and allow radio silence to continue. 
"Things are alright over here. She hasn't stopped crying about her sister, but other than that things are alright. How are you guys doing?" Leah finally answered. The twin that had survived was Maggie and she had been bawling the entire time they had been driving. To say the least, she had had a long day and had no way to cope with what had happened, and so she cried. 
"Yeah, what do you think about making this first day a short one? What do you say we drive for only a couple hours today and then stop somewhere and rest up for tomorrow?" Leo offered.
"I think that would be a good idea." Leah answered.  
  The radios stayed silent after this and with the prospect of resting soon Maggie turned her bawling into a sob that was mostly kept to her. There still wasn't much chatter in the cars, people had a lot to process and were able to find some peace as they stared out their windows. Watching through the windows as pastures and telephone poles passed the windows, a calmness, close to that of a trance, fell over those in the vehicles. They were able to just relax without worry of the men from the base coming after them. There were now only the fantasies of what lay ahead. Some thought they might find others traveling on the road towards New Mexico while others thought they might find a utopian society of untainted communities. New Mexico was fairly secluded and so perhaps the virus hadn't infected them or maybe there had been a cure found and it had just been distributed to the nearest people as the virus was taking hold of everyone else. While they had been through a terrible ordeal somehow there was only hope that remained for them now. 
  It was at this moment of calmness felt by all, while they watched the world out their windows safely from the aftermath, through the air vents of the vehicles flowed air that contained the virus freshly mutated. Where their bodies had been able to fight off the virus and keep their sanity upon the first attack, this new type of virus was able to make it past the defenses the bodies had survived with. Inside each person in the vehicles their bodies had found ways to stave off the virus. It hadn't been able to make it to their brains and wreak havoc with their bodies. None of the people who now road in the two vehicles headed for New Mexico had been forced to deal with the lies that the virus created. While Leah had been made to endure the tortures imagined by Bernie, Blake had been forced to learn to kill without hesitation, Maggie had lost her sister in the terrible car crash, Donovan had lost his best friend, Angela had killed her daughter, Leo had been forced to lead and the two women from the base had been made to suffer immeasurable tortures, none of them had to deal with the insanity of the virus. None of them had to handle the trickery that the virus was able to commit. The virus had a way of making a person see all the things that they wished never to see. It would bring about a person's greatest hopes just so that it could snatch them away in a reality that was tailor made for each individual. The virus would show a person their darkest fears and make it seem like it was taking place right before their eyes. The virus was the devil, meeting people at the crossroads to give them their desires, only to have their dream come true with a catch written in fine print. Any hope and goodness that the virus did activate in someone's mind was only good so that it could be taken away at a later time. The virus was a method of breaking people, of taking away all hope and showing them that which was left behind. As the eight survivors that had chosen to leave the city drove away they had no idea that with each breath they inhaled, they were allowing this new strain of virus a second chance. 
  The two vehicles pulled into a motel down the road. They had suffered too many losses to look back on the day as a success, but those who had made it to the motel, had to look upon the day as a blessing. They had made it away from the city, they had escaped the men chasing them and they were on their way to possible salvation. The group stopped at a little hotel that looked as if it had been deserted. With impending insanity the last place anyone wanted to be was in a roadside motel. When disasters had begun to strike, people had flocked to family and wherever they felt they might be safe. A roadside motel outside of town didn't really scream safety and security, but for Leo and the others its empty parking lot spoke to them. With its lack of cars the motel suggested there would be rooms that didn't need to have bodies removed before a restful night could begin. The lack of cars suggested that they would find clean rooms waiting for them inside and that they would be able to rest through the night without the aftertaste of death that lingered in the air stuck in the back of their throats.
  Maggie decided to stay with Angela, as she didn't want to be alone. Angela took the child with her, even though she didn't want to be bothered with the sobbing of the girl all night, she didn't feel right asking the girl to stay with someone else. The girl reminded Angela too much of her own daughter Elise, if Elise had kept some of her innocence. 
  They had no clue what awaited them in New Mexico and so it was agreed upon that they shouldn't rush through a time of peace and safety just to enter a place of unknown perils. With the doors closed to their rooms they were each left to their own thoughts. Without any TV or other distractions to keep them occupied many were left sitting alone thinking about the day's events. Who they had lost and what they had gained through their desperate flee from the city played on each of their minds. Blake missed the other children that had been lost. He hadn't been particularly close to any of them, but they had allowed him to sometimes come back across the line of childhood and be one of the kids for a while. These moments had become fewer since he had taken the lives of the men on the base, it had been more difficult to relate to the kids who just wanted to be kids, but he had still enjoyed having them around. Maggie was still around, but she was younger than him and with the loss of her sister he thought she was going to be ruined for a long time. She wouldn't be able to act like a child until it was too late. She had been devastated by her experience.
  The adults sat locked in their rooms and replayed the day's events over and over trying to see if there had been an opportunity to save the ones that had been lost. There were only so many people left alive that they knew about and to lose a whole vehicle full today was a heavy blow to their numbers and outlook on the world. That night was a lonely night for everyone. The walls seemed to close in as if reminding the group of times when each of them had been forced to stay shut in on their own, waiting as the world tore itself apart. Out of respect for those they had lost nobody thought that pleasant conversation between the survivors of the day would be appropriate and so they each stayed in their room and remembered. 
  While they each sat and relived the last few weeks and all that they had been through, the virus that had finally been able to infect them worked its way through their bodies. The virus had adapted through all of the people that it had infected since Henry. It reacted faster when introduced to a new body now and made its way quicker to the brain and into the lungs to be passed on to more individuals. While encountering different immune systems with different techniques for fighting the virus it had become stronger and had turned into something that even the survivors who had not been affected by the first wave couldn't fight off. While the individuals in the motel slept with dreams of what they might find on the road ahead of them the virus worked its way through their bodies and corrupted their systems. 
  In the morning they all seemed to make their way towards the vehicles at around the same time. Nobody looked as if they were fully rested. It was just assumed that after the past few days it was difficult for anyone to get a good night's rest. Everyone just saw the sleep hanging in the eyes of the others and knew that they weren't the only one dealing with the harshness of the experiences over the past weeks. Donovan had gotten up early and made coffee with their camping supplies. There was more talking amongst people this morning then last night. This morning there was talk of what the day would hold and how far people thought they were going to make it before they had to stop for the night. Maggie had remained silent in the morning, which to everyone else was a massive improvement from the constant sobbing of the day before. Angela looked exhausted; everyone assumed that she had been kept awake by Maggie as she lay crying through the night.
  Once the group had their coffee and felt the relaxed atmosphere of the day they all began to lighten up and look forward to the day. Leah and Leo looked at the map believed that it would take about three more days to get to Albuquerque. When coffee had been had by all and everyone was ready to get underway again they broke up into their separate traveling groups. Leah and Leo took the first shift of driving.
  Along with the ability to infect those previously immune to the virus its ability to work quicker through the body's intricate transportation system made it easier for the virus to play on the minds of those infected. Maggie's sadness and constant crying along with her inability to sleep the night before weakened her system and the virus took this opportunity for all it could. She sat in the back seat of the truck later in the day with Angela driving, Leah in the passenger seat navigating and Donovan sitting beside her. In the other car Leo was teaching Blake to drive while the two women who had chosen to leave their friends, sat in the back seat watching Blake drive. Maggie was silent through the day and merely shrugged or nodded when anyone tried to coax a response out of her. She was consumed by a world of her own. The feeling of loss that she felt was indescribable. She didn't know that she could hurt this much. Through the entire downfall of the world around her she had been able to stay somewhat strong knowing that her sister was beside her. In her sister she had someone to share everything. Anything that troubled the two was handled through moderation as it was divided evenly between the two. Now that she was alone Maggie didn't think that she would be able to handle all of the horrible things around her. If only her sister was still alive and sitting beside her, then she would be able to survive, then she would be able to handle the drive ahead. It was towards the end of the day's drive that the virus made its way to the parts of the brain of Maggie that it needed in order to show her what she wanted to see. They were almost to the place they had designated as their stopping point for the day when she first appeared to Maggie. Sitting between Donovan and her was the mirror image of herself that was her sister. The virus was showing the girl what she wanted to see most of all and was allowing her to see the sister she had lost the day before. Unlike the previous virus strain this one didn't give the infected a week or so to adjust to the effects while it tried to take over the body, this strain was already working on the girl's hopes and fears just after twenty four hours of being infected. At first sight of her sister sitting next to her Maggie jumped, startled at what she knew wasn't possible. 
"Are you okay?" Donovan asked her. 
"Huh? Yeah." Maggie answered, keeping what she was seeing to herself. This was the most she had said all day and so Donovan took it as a good sign.  As they pulled into the hotel for the night Maggie looked over at her sister and the feeling of having her back was almost too much for her and so all that she could do was smile. Donovan looked back at her and only noticed that the girl was smiling, he wasn't sure what she was smiling at, but he was just happy to see the girl with a smile on her face. She had been through a great deal and to see that she was allowing herself to smile was a good sign. He just smiled in response even though her smile wasn't directed at him. 
  They all disbursed to their rooms. Maggie opted to stay in a room by herself. Leah was hesitant about letting Maggie stay in her own room as she thought the girl might wake up in the night and need someone there to console her back to sleep. Maggie asserted that she would be fine on her own and would have to start getting used to not staying with an adult every night. The group met out front before turning in for the night. They made a fire and were able to cook up some of the supplies they had with them. It was just like camping, they had hotdogs and beans and everyone was happy to have it. As the group sat around the fire they again wondered what they would find in New Mexico. 
"Perhaps there will a biodome there where the people were protected from the virus."
"Maybe they cured it. I mean they had some of the most brilliant minds in the world working on the same problem." 
"What if they didn't find a cure there and nobody survived?" Maggie finally spoke up shattering the optimism of the group. It was one of the first things she had said since her sister had died and it was a blow the others hadn't expected. Leo took the silence of the group as a sign that he needed to address the idea. 
"Well if there isn't anyone there then we can discuss what to do next. The way I see it we can either set up some kind of colony of our own, or we can continue to look for survivors wherever they may be." These were the only options that Leo saw for the group and the silence in response seemed to suggest that nobody else had any other ideas. "I don't think there is any point in making decisions before we know what is out there." There were some murmurs of agreement, but the thought that there was nothing out there had already been brought up by Maggie and now it was hard to get the possibility out of anyone's head. The group talked a bit more about nothing in particular and then each person left the circle to find their room. Sleep wouldn't come to many of them this night as they considered the disappointment that possibly awaited them. They were set to arrive in Albuquerque day after tomorrow and the tension was mounting. Leo tried to sound sure of what they would find there and to stay positive even if there wasn't anything there, but in truth he wasn't sure if the group could handle the disappointment of finding nothing. 
  Maggie sat up in her room, happy for the first time in days. She had her sister back, sitting beside her on the bed, holding Maggie's hand. Her sister Glenna spoke to Maggie in the friendly tone that only Glenna could and with her voice soothed all of Maggie's fears. The two sat up talking the whole night. Glenna told Maggie that she hadn't died in the car crash and that the people she was traveling with had stolen her and were hiding her in the back of the truck when they drove. Maggie listened intently as she discovered the evil people that she was driving with. Maggie couldn't have imagined that they were all so despicable as to have kidnapped her sister and allowed her to think that her sister had been killed but what purpose could her sister have in lying to her now. The idea of Glenna sitting talking to her and at the same time in need of rescuing didn't occur to Maggie's in its paradoxical nature. 
"You have to get away from them and you have to help me escape." Glenna told Maggie as they sat on the edge of the bed. 
"How? How am I supposed to stop them? They are bigger than me." Maggie whined.
"You have a gun, they showed you how to use it in case of emergencies. They keep it in the door where you usually sit in case anyone tries to drive up and surprise them. You need to surprise them." Glenna continued. 
"You want me to shoot them? But they have been nice to me. They took care of us." Maggie protested. 
"They aren't taking care of us now. They are keeping me locked away and they made you think I was dead. How nice can they be?" Glenna argued. 
"I guess you are right." Maggie conceded. She didn't want to hurt the people she had come to travel with, but if they were hurting her sister then she had to do something. Maggie finally fell asleep with a smile on her face and her sisters imagined hand in hers. 
  The next morning had come swiftly for everyone, they were all excited to get on the road and shorten the distance between themselves and their destination. During the night everyone had been plagued with nightmares each specific to the dreamer. In some nightmares the person had been chased by the men from the base; others had dreams of arriving in Albuquerque to find nothing there but death. What they had all shared in common was that the virus was attacking their bodies and beginning to play tricks on their minds while their defenses were lowered. Maggie found herself in the same seat she had taken the previous days. In the vehicle with her Donovan drove as one of the women from the base acted as his navigator while the other woman from the base sat beside Maggie. The two women from the base didn't like to be separated and so made sure to always end up in the same vehicle traveling together. They knew that the people they traveled with now were nothing like the men they had escaped from, but still there was a quiet comfort in being together as they traveled. They knew beyond a shadow of a doubt that they could trust the other no matter what. 
  They had driven close to a hundred miles from the hotel when Maggie began to slip into a delusionary trance. Once again she saw her sister sitting beside her, apparently just waiting for Maggie to make her move for the gun that was surely still in the door of the truck. In Leo's vehicle just ahead of them Angela sat in the back seat with Blake and started to notice movement out of the corner of her eye outside of her window. She couldn't quite catch whatever it was that was moving outside, every time she moved her head to look out the window a shadowy figure seemed to duck behind a telephone pole or just make it out of her line of sight. Angela didn't know what to make of this and thought it was probably just the sleepless night she had. Still she couldn't shake the feeling that she was missing something. A paranoid feeling started creeping over her shoulder and making itself known. The thought that she hadn't seen Raphael and Bernie actually die made its way to the front of her mind and she was unable to shake the thought. Why hadn't they stayed and made sure that the women had killed those two men? As Angela had convinced herself that her thought process was ridiculous and that of course the women would have killed the men by now she saw out the window, in a field of large hay bales, a man looking at her. Angela couldn't believe what she was seeing as their truck drove closer. Angela looked around at the rest of her traveling companions to see if they had seen the man in the field. She looked back, with the vehicle getting closer she was able to make out the details of the man's face and saw that it was Raphael standing in the field. 
"Do you see that?" Angela finally burst, shattering the silence of the vehicle. Leo swerved at the startling shout from the back seat. 
"What? See what?" Leah asked trying to find out why she was yelling. Angela looked back to the field to confirm what she had seen was still there. As she panned over to the field she knew that he wouldn't be there and by the time her eyes made it to the spot where she had seen him he was gone. Everyone in the truck was now looking out their windows to try and figure out what Angela had seen out her window. There was nothing out of the ordinary in the field that any of them could see. 
"Never mind, it was nothing." Angela finally announced. Without the proof of Raphael standing in the field there was nothing for her to explain to the rest of them. The virus was doing a superb job manipulating Angela's fears and manifesting them for her. She was so sure that she had seen him, but the absence of his presence in the field and the fact that nobody else had seen him led her to believe that her eyes must be playing tricks on her. Maybe she just needed some more rest and decided to lay her head on the door to let the steady hum of the vehicle lull her to sleep. Angela's breathing had become steady and she was feeling relaxed without any thoughts about Raphael or any of the other men from the base when she was snapped out of her relaxation. 

Chapter 26: Four Down

"Holy shit!" Leah yelled. In her side view mirror she was able to see the truck behind them begin to swerve back and forth on the road obviously out of control.
"What is it?" Leo asked. 
"Look behind us." Leah answered. Leo looked in the mirror himself and saw what she was seeing. He immediately picked up the walkie-talkie 
"Hey what is going on back there?" There was no answer from the other car. 
  In the other car Maggie had taken the advice of her sister and had reached for her gun that was still in the door of the truck. Donovan had given her the gun, it was a small hand gun that only fired 22's so that she could handle the recoil from the weapon when it was shot. As Maggie pulled the gun out from the little slot in the door it felt natural in her hands. She could hear her sister whispering in her ear about how she had to help her. Maggie was ecstatic that her sister was still alive and that they were going to be together again. She had been so sure that she had seen her sister's dead body mangled and trapped when their vehicle had crashed. Now she was here with her though, telling her how the people she was travelling with had really kidnapped her and were holding her against her will. It was Maggie's job to help her sister, she had to do something and the gun in the door was the only option. Maggie pulled the gun with full intention of using it. She immediately pointed the gun at the women sitting just beside her. The women responded in the only way she knew how, in complete shock and startled disbelief, she pushed herself away from the girl pointing the gun at her and didn't know what else to do or how else to respond. Maggie took the opportunity, that the women had been given to scream or call for help, away from her with the pull of the small trigger. Maggie had looked at the woman sitting next to her and had hesitated for a moment and then the virus had acted right on cue allowing the girl to see visions of the woman as the evil monster who had stolen Maggie's sister. She had pulled the trigger sure that what she was doing the right thing and the only way to get her sister back from these bad people. The woman who had been sitting next to Maggie had taken the bullet in the head. It had traveled through her brain and out the window that was just behind her. Donovan and the other woman sitting in the front of the truck had no idea what to make of the shocking noise of the shot or the glass shattering. They both ducked in response to the loud noise and Donovan swerved as he momentarily forgot his responsibility of holding on to the wheel while driving. He grabbed for the wheel again quickly and caused the truck to swerve once again. 
  Maggie's mind was racing with activity as the virus portrayed images of what was happening around her. To her, Donovan was swerving the truck so that she would lose control of her gun and no longer be able to keep focus enough to free her sister. She didn't understand why they were so mean, but she had to save her sister. Maggie turned her gun towards the seat in front of her and started shooting through the seat. The bullets passed effortlessly through the fabric, padding of the seat and then into the skin and muscle of Donovan. At first Donovan couldn't place what was happening to his body and then, as realization to what he was feeling set in, his body started to lose functionality. The bullets from Maggie's shots had found their way to some important organs. The bullets punctured one of Donovan's lungs, his breathing was now suffering as he gasped for breath while trying to continue driving and put the pieces of what was happening together. Things were happening so fast that he wasn't sure if he should stop the car or keep driving. The loud cracking noises had finally been associated with shots being fired and his body came to the understanding that he had been hit, but from where and what his next course of action should be, he had no idea. Donovan hung on to the steering wheel trying to determine what he should do next while his body slouched over the wheel. From beside him he heard the woman screaming as she responded to the shots and the blood flowing from Donovan in her own way. The woman was hysterical and couldn't find any way to calm herself down and so she screamed and looked around the cab of the truck trying to find out what was going on and where the shots were coming from. The inside of the cab had gone from relatively calm surroundings to the chaos it was now in with just a few pulls on a small trigger. The woman sitting next to Donovan was not helping the situation at all and couldn't seem to get her bearings enough to find the source of the shots and so just screamed in panic. Maggie pulled the gun out of the back of the seat in front of her and pointed it at the woman in the passenger seat. She pointed the small gun just over the seat that separated the front from the back of the cab and pulled the trigger again. There were only two more loud shots announced from the pistol. One of the shots broke out the window just behind the woman and the other hit her just where her neck met with her shoulders. Even after the gun had used all of its shots Maggie continued to pull the trigger, she had to make sure that these people couldn't hurt her sister anymore. They would be together again if she could just stop these people from hiding her. 
  Donovan tried valiantly to keep the truck going straight, but as he held on to the steering wheel for support of his body that was losing strength it was swerving back and forth. His lung was now full of blood and he was coughing it up as chaos surrounded him. He turned towards his navigator and noticed she had stopped screaming and was now holding on to her neck. The woman wasn't able to hold the blood inside but was still trying as best she could. Donovan was losing blood and strength and could barely hold the wheel straight any longer. Donovan heard Leo's voice coming from the walkie-talkie that was somewhere in the cab. He couldn't find the walkie-talkie and didn't think he would be able to use it or explain their situation if he had. His slouch as his body gave in to the injuries caused him to fall towards the door taking the steering wheel with him. The sharp turn of the steering wheel caused the vehicle to veer sharply to the left and buckle under its own speed.
  Everyone in Leo's truck was watching the swerving of the vehicle behind them in disbelief. They couldn't tell what was going on and there was no answer on the walkie-talkie. They all watched as the truck took a sharp turn that its momentum couldn't sustain. The world slowed as Leo yelled over the walkie-talkie once again. "Damn it, what is going on?" There was still no answer. Leo, Leah, Blake and Angela all gasped in unison as they saw the vehicle begin to tip with the front wheels being turned so sharply. There was no time to slow down and help, or even to call over the walkie-talkie again. The truck behind them had begun its decent and rolled as the body of the truck turned perpendicular to the road it had been traveling on. In their mirrors Leah and Leo watched as the truck that had contained half of the traveling companions rolled end over end repeatedly slowly disbursing the momentum it had been traveling with. As the truck behind them slowed in its crash Leo hit the brakes and slowed down to a stop. For a long while the four of them just looked back at the wreckage that was behind them. Nobody had thought that a car accident would happen to them after they had already survived so much. When the silence of shock had passed, their doors all seemed to open simultaneously and everyone made their way back to the truck that was behind them now lying upside down with the ceiling of the cab pressed down almost to where the windows started. Unlike the last time they had come across a car crash where some of their friends were involved there was no crying or sound of hope that would suggest someone had survived the accident. There didn't appear to be any gasoline leaking to possibly catch on fire, but still the group stayed back not sure that the turned over truck was safe to investigate. Two of the tires had been pulled from the vehicle during its violent flipping and the other two still spun in the air. 
"What the hell happened?" Leah asked to nobody in particular. 
"Blowout?" Angela offered as an explanation.
"You think?" Leo asked.
"I have seen worse when a tire gives out while driving on the highway." Angela answered.
"I guess. Should we try and get them out of there?" Leah asked. 
"How? Look at that thing, it's crushed from every direction." Blake chimed in. 
"Maybe if we had a pair of those jaws of life things or a few crowbars." Leo suggested. 
"But we don't." Leah responded and then went closer to the truck to see if she could see inside at any point to verify that there were no survivors. 
"Hey, we don't know if it is safe." Leo called. 
"We need to see if anyone is still alive inside, if they are then we will have to figure out some way of getting them out." Leah answered harshly. The group was still in shock at what they had just seen as they had been peacefully driving along. Leah looked through any crack that she could to see if she could verify the state of the four people who had been traveling in the truck. Leah could see the face of Maggie. At first Leah thought that she was looking up at her pleading to get her free from the confines of the crushed metal all around her. In a panic Leah looked up at the others and yelled to them.
"I see Maggie." When Leah looked back at the girl she recognized the familiar stare of death looking up at nothing. Unblinking and unforgiving the eyes had that same absence of life that Leah had become familiar with, she had seen that same stare in all the bodies that littered the streets. The other three who had been standing a safe distance away had started making their way quickly towards her to possibly try and help get the girl out of the truck when Leah looked back up at them and gave them the look and shaking of the head that told the three that the girl was already dead. Leo came over to see if he could help at all with getting into the cab to check on the status of the other three that had been in the truck. When he came up to the cab he noticed a steady dripping of blood coming from the passenger side of the truck, it wasn't a good sign for the possibility of survivors inside. Leah was trying her best to see inside the vehicle but wasn't able to quite get in far enough to get a clear look at the other three inside. If nothing else, Leah at least needed to know for sure that all four were dead before leaving them behind locked in their steel coffin. 
  After some work and prying on some of the metal of the overturned truck, Leo and Blake were able to finally see inside the passenger side of the truck. Inside was a disaster of torn up bodies in a bloody mess. Leo was able to identify the two women that had come with them. Their injuries made it impossible to notice the bullet wounds that had been the actual causes of death. The wounds had been masked by the trauma of the high speed crash and the metal that had been displaced by the impact. It took the surviving four longer to confirm Donovan's death. He had slouched on the steering wheel and when the truck had finally begun to flip he had been pushed under the steering wheel so that his whole body was crumpled down into the space where only the driver's legs were meant to go. None of them could believe that after surviving gun fights, a virus that played with a person's mind, and all the other trials that these four had endured it had been a simple car crash, most likely caused by a blow out of one of the tires that had brought their lives to an end. There was no way for them to tell that their deaths had been anything more than an accident and without the proper tools to try and get the bodies out of the truck there was nothing more that the surviving four could do. Angela and Blake went through what supplies had been thrown from the truck and gathered what they could to take with them. Leo and Leah just stood staring at the wreckage.
"Maybe we weren't supposed to survive." Leah finally said despairingly.
"What do you mean?" Leo asked.
"Maybe we were all supposed to have died from the virus and now all of us loose ends are being tied up. Why else do you think it has been so hard, even after we survived the virus? The world is trying to get rid of us." Leah spoke softly, almost to herself. 
"It was an accident. That is all. There are still going to be accidents. We couldn't have done anything about it." Leo answered.
"Maybe." Was all that Leah responded. 
"Come on, we have to keep hoping. We will find something in Albuquerque, I feel it." Leo tried to encourage Leah.
"Really? Because I don't feel anything." Leah answered and then turned to walk back towards their truck. Leo didn't have any response to this except to let her walk back to the truck as he kept his gaze on the destroyed truck in front of him where he would have to leave the people he had come to call friends. None of them bothered to say any words over the bodies of their deceased friends. Their own priest had been killed in the car crash and none of them thought they had the right words to speak over the bodies of the deceased. Instead they had a moment of silence where they each took a moment to remember those they had lost in this terrible accident. They then loaded up the supplies, got in their own vehicle and drove away leaving half of their party behind. 
  The vehicle was quiet once again. They all felt as if they had just been getting back to being okay as a group and then this had happened and stolen any chance at feeling contentment. It seemed to them that they had been so close to their goal and had already made it through so many hardships that the accident behind them must have just been fate. There was no way that a group of individuals could make it through so much only to be struck down by a simple accident like a blown out tire. They had no idea that the virus had taken hold of those who had survived the first wave and had been the cause of death rather than the car crash, nor did they know that within their very own vehicle the virus had already taken hold and had begun playing tricks on the minds of those inside. The rest of the day was driven in silence, nobody had much to say. Anything that anyone was about to say was either stating the obvious or wouldn't add anything of a positive outlook on their journey. They were scheduled to arrive in New Mexico tomorrow evening, but much of the excitement that had been mounting along the way was now gone. They had lost half of their remaining group and somehow no matter what they found in New Mexico it wouldn't make up for the fact that many of the friends hadn't lived to see whatever it was that was waiting for them. 
  They pulled into a hotel and all went to their respective rooms without saying anything to one another. By now they were all used to the routine of going to a hotel, finding the keys to rooms without bodies, then each finding their spot for the night. Their doors closed behind them and then they were each left in the solitude that was allowed them. In their rooms Blake and Leo each sat on the end of their beds just staring off into nothingness. Angela sat in one of the chairs and with her knees pulled up to her chest as she cried. She cried not only for the ones she had lost today, but also the fact that the small bit of hope that they had remaining seemed to be slipping through their fingers. She had seen Raphael standing out in the field as they drove which lead her to only two conclusions; Either Raphael was alive and stalking their vehicles while they drove on, or she was losing her sense of what was real. Whether this was due in part to her mourning those she had lost and her recent escape from the base or if it was just her losing touch with reality she wasn't at all certain. 
All she could do in response to her loss and what she had seen was to hold herself tight and let the tears flow. Leah had lost the ability to cry. She wasn't sure if she had just been so desensitized by everything she had seen of late, or if she had been forced to become strong to the point where she didn't have time to cry. Leah thought that there was nothing that would be accomplished by crying, it was just a sign of weakness and wouldn't do anything to change the past or prepare for the future. All Leah could do was lay on her bed and stare at the ceiling wondering what they would find tomorrow in New Mexico and if they would be prepared for that which they found. She was trying to envision the worst of what they might find there. Leah had found the worst in people before and had been caught off guard when it was first encountered. She didn't want to make the same mistake again. Whatever they did come across tomorrow she would be wholly prepared. 
  They were each handling the day's loss in their own way. It seemed that it had hit harder than they had expected. Partially because they had all considered themselves in the clear of any danger that might still be lurking in the world. Perhaps they had felt invincible, they had survived so much, and surely they could take on whatever was still to come their way. Their arrogance had been shattered by what they thought was a simple accident of a tire blowing out while they drove. 
  As Angela cried on her own, hidden away in her room, her body was wearing itself out as it let the emotions take over. The virus that was deep inside her now took her depleted resources as an opportunity to spread even deeper throughout her body. In the other rooms the virus had affected the rest of their group also, but had not taken as deep of a hold on them. The virus seemed to be behaving in much the same way with the other three. As they all had those they had lost on their mind the virus was activating these parts of the brain that held the memories of those they had lost. In their saddened state Leo, Leah and Blake were having visions of Donovan and Maggie and the times each had spent with them before their untimely demise. These visions that the virus was so perfectly acting out for the survivors were just dismissed as memories brought on by the sadness they were feeling at their loss. Once again the virus had been dismissed as nothing at all. Through a person's trust in their own mind the virus was able to sneak through undetected. It wasn't as if anything could be done if it was realized that they had become infected with the virus that had killed so many, but their calm belief that they were perfectly healthy would leave them all the more exposed to the effects of the virus. The feeling that nothing could go wrong, or that things were just fine was the time that the world always chose to spring on the unaware. 
  The next morning the group of four awoke, all with the feeling that what lay ahead of them was not what they had hoped for. The virus in its new form had spent the night playing on the memories of what had come to pass and on the thoughts of what was ahead. All four were in a daze as they made it to the truck. Nobody was in the mood for breakfast or coffee this morning. The mere thought of coffee reminded them of how Donovan had prepared it for them the previous day. They all just wanted to be on their way. There wasn't any discussion as they loaded up in the truck and started on the last leg of the trip. As they drove Angela again saw Raphael out the window, but didn't scream out for the others to look this time. She didn't want them to look at her as they had when she had screamed the last time. Angela just watched out her window as their truck passed him by without anyone else noticing him standing on the side of the road. Every time they had made it past one sighting of the man, which only she was apparently seeing, he would appear again just ahead. Angela was caught in constant loop of feeling the fear of seeing him again then steadily passing him by as he watched her from outside the truck only to be ahead of her once again after she had made it safely past him. He seemed to be an inevitable part of her future that she was effortlessly being drawn towards. She knew that what she was witnessing couldn't be real, but the alternative, that she was being harassed by her own imagination was not that great of an option either. Angela kept to herself what she was seeing and sat in fear watching Raphael taunt her out the window over and over again. 
  Angela had the most severe case of the virus within the truck, but the others were affected also and so were tormented subtly by the virus within them. Leo and Leah each were running a fever as their bodies tried valiantly to fight the virus. Leah had almost completely lost hope when the truck following behind them had flipped and killed everyone inside. She just couldn't understand how the world in all its vastness was able to hone in on that one truck that was right behind them and cause a blowout and the death of all those traveling. It seemed that the world didn't want any survivors. They, as survivors must somehow be targeted and the world around them was taking the shot that would lead to human's extinction. This manner of thinking and paranoia was easily played upon by the virus as it brought about thoughts that their vehicle would be next on the list of people to kill with some sort of "accident". Leah became more uneasy as she sat in her seat just waiting for the world around them to get fed up with their existence and take action to rectify their being. 
The virus showed Leo all the possibilities that awaited them in New Mexico without any possibility of a happy outcome. The virus was only amplifying the thoughts that each of them were having as they drove. For Leo all he could think about was the idea that they were driving into some kind of ambush or that all they would find in Albuquerque was a crater after some large weapon had been detonated in desperation. Blake sat quietly in the back seat next to Angela. He watched as she seemed to find a spot on the horizon and then follow it as they passed and then find another out in front of them only to follow it as they passed again. In front of him Leah seemed to be fidgeting more than he had ever seen her before. It looked to him like she just couldn't get comfortable. In the driver seat he saw Leo who looked saddened as though he already knew that there was no hope waiting for them. Blake began to worry that the adults who were supposed to have the answers and always have some way of keeping him safe were perhaps not so well equipped to do so. Blake was beginning to wonder if these people were capable of looking after him or if they were perhaps leading him down a path from which he wouldn't be able to return. They hadn't done a terrific job thus far of keeping him safe or even getting him anywhere where there were people who knew what was happening or how to stay safe. The more Blake thought about it the more he wondered if the men at the base hadn't been his best option and perhaps that these people he traveled with were just trying to make him like them. The men at the base after all had been in control and had seemed to be safe, while the ones he traveled with always seemed to have hope but no real plan. Perhaps he would have to get away from these people before they got him killed in their foolish pursuits. 
  The car was abuzz with its silence as the minds of each of those traveling in the truck ran wild while the virus sent them each into paranoia and fear. They drove the day in quiet despair, each of them allowing the virus to take a tighter grip without letting anyone else know what they were thinking. Towards the end of the day when the paranoia of one another, and that which they were seeing out their windows was almost too much, there came a moment of clarity and peace when they drove past a sign that said "Welcome to New Mexico Land of Enchantment". They had made it to New Mexico finally. They had a few more hours drive to make it to Albuquerque, their final destination, but they had made it to New Mexico and that was cause for celebration. 
"Hey we made it." Leo announced as they passed the sign with a smile on his face. 
"Yeah I can't believe we made it here." Leah added. 
"Only a little bit further and we will be in Albuquerque." Angela contributed, taking time from her Raphael watching to join the conversation.
"But what do we think we are going to find there?" Blake asked and put the happiness to an end as everyone went back to their own delusions of what might be waiting for them or if they would even make it these last few hours. The last comment by Blake shut everyone up and allowed for the car ride to continue in silence as it had for the past few hours.
The only answer that Leo could offer was "We will just have to see." 
  They had each been watching the mile marker signs as they got closer and closer to Albuquerque. With each mile that passed a small piece of them was diminished in that the previous mile hadn't held some sign that there was hope ahead and so the tension was compounded that the next mile marker would have something written on it suggesting that there was help in the city limits of Albuquerque. Still the miles fell behind them. They were only twenty miles outside of the city limits of Albuquerque and they hadn't seen anything to suggest that there was a survivor's colony in the city just ahead of them. They were each still consumed by their own problems and paranoia, but as a group they were looking forward to finally reaching the goal that had taken them a few days to travel towards and had stolen half of their companions. It was on the sign that said that Albuquerque was only fifteen miles away that they finally were given some sign of hope. Written on the green sign that had Albuquerque followed by Los Lunas and then Belen as the cities ahead it had, "We're Alive", written next to Albuquerque's name. 
"Hey look at that!" Angela pointed it out from the passenger seat. Everyone immediately was drawn to where here finger was pointing. "That has to mean that they survived the virus right?" 
"Yeah it has to." Blake agreed. 
"Okay we have to be careful. I think we will find other people there. We don't know what kind of people they are going to be. They could be like the guys at the base, but maybe they are the scientists who were working on a cure." Leo added. Leah didn't add anything to the brief outburst of everyone's excitement, instead she just smiled as if she had been saved and sat with contained happiness in her seat next to Leo. The sighting of the message, obviously meant for anyone that was on their way looking for the scientists who had survived, gave the whole car a jolt of excitement and hope. The idea that the message could have been written well before the virus had made itself known wasn't allowed to enter the forefront of their thoughts. As a group they had to hold on to the small bit of positive reinforcement that they had been given and hold on as tightly as possible. They had all lost too much to allow for more thoughts of disappointment to plague them. If they did allow the virus that was coursing through their bodies to find that little bit of doubt and accentuate it they would not have the resiliency to bounce back, their spirits would most likely be shattered. They had been through too much and lost so much that any more disappointment would surely lead to the disbanding of their group and loss of what little hope they still had between them. They drove on with only thoughts of the welcoming party and the safety that awaited them a few miles ahead now. The car was practically glowing as the virus was beaten back for a while and only optimistic thoughts streamed through all their minds. They had had long enough to dwell on the possibilities of what wouldn't be waiting for them in Albuquerque or the evils that would be sprung on them as they crossed into the city limits, these last few miles had been reserved for only the best of thoughts. The miles ticked down and the excitement mounted with each passing mile marker. The city came into view with only ten miles to go and it seemed to be in pretty decent shape considering what had happened to many of the other cities. There was no giant crater from where a nuclear explosion had taken out the inhabitants of the entire city; the larger buildings appeared to still be standing without any structural problems from bombers bent on saving the city from their own hallucinations. All in all it was a good sign to see the city still basically intact. 
  As they drove in silence waiting for the next sign to tell them more precisely where to go to find the survivors they saw a large billboard that said there was an Air force base in Albuquerque. "Kirtland Air Force Base" was what the sign said and written in the same white paint that had said there were people alive in Albuquerque on the billboard was the writing "WE R HERE". The four read the sign with excitement and mild disbelief. 
"No way. There is no way we are going to another army base right?" Angela asked the group. "We just got away from a bunch of assholes who had made a prison out of their military base. Now we are going to walk onto another one and just hope that the people here are better than the ones we left behind?" Angela protested to even the idea of making their way to this base. 
"Well I mean if there were scientists coming from around the world being protected by the military, what better place to keep them then at an air force base right?" Leo offered as a reasonable explanation. 
"I don't want to walk onto the base just to find the same kind of men as those we left behind, but I mean this is what we came all this way for right?" Leah asked rhetorically to the group. 
"I don't like it." Angela answered. 
"Did you expect them to be stationed at a hospital or something? I mean if there are survivors here then they are probably trying to protect themselves from others. We know that not everyone who survived the virus is in the kind of mood to meet up with others and rebuild, so maybe they are just trying to stay in the most secure place they can find." Leo was still trying to convince Angela that they needed to go and see what was at the base. They had driven all this way in search of answers and some form of salvation and perhaps the people at this base had both. 
"Doesn't seem like we have a choice." Blake finally offered as his input to the situation. 
"And we are prepared this time. We have weapons of our own and we have seen the kind of men who took so many captives before. If things go wrong or if they try anything we will be ready." Leah said as she pulled her rifle that was against her leg into her arms, checking to make sure it was loaded and ready for any unexpected attacks when they got to the base. 
"Okay, but I am not letting this gun go, no matter what. I trust you three and that is it. If anything even seems strange when we get there I am going to shoot first and worry about answering question later." Angela told the other three. The others acknowledged what Angela was saying and understood where she was coming from. 
"We will all be ready if we come across anything that seems out of place." Leo answered trying to reassure Angela. 
"They won't take any of us alive if they do end up being like the men back there." Leah continued with a stern look of determination in her eye. The women had both been held against their will and were both very sure that they would never let that happen again. 
  The silence then filled the cab of the truck once again as the last few miles to the city limit were driven. They arrived at the edge of Albuquerque late in the afternoon and followed the exits towards the Air Force base where there were supposedly survivors. As they drove through the city towards the other end of town where the base was located they were more disheartened with every street they passed. The city looked much like so many that they had passed along the way on their trip. While there weren't the remnants of explosions lacing the city, it was still deserted and showed signs of civil unrest at the outbreak of the virus. This was supposed to be the sanctuary where they had found a cure. The streets were laden with bodies and vehicles left where they had died. Only the hope that perhaps inside the base ahead of them there would be some salvation from the standard atmosphere that they had all become accustomed to, or that there would be someone with directions to a place free from the effects of the virus, was enough to keep their spirits alive.
  This hope, that each of them held while they passed street after street of despair, was heavily contrasted by the lack of life around them. The infection within the vehicle was bringing its own anxiety. Angela was seeing people down each road that they passed as she looked out her window. The faces of the individuals she saw scattered around the city welcoming them to their death were those of Raphael, Bernie, Eric, Elise, men from the base and those who had fallen to the virus with evil intentions that they're eyes couldn't hide. Twisted smiles taunted Angela as if they knew what awaited the group. She was paralyzed to yell to anyone in the car what she saw out of fear of the realization that none of the others were noticing those people. So Angela sat in the back seat looking out her window, eyes ablaze with recognition. She was helpless and trapped in this vehicle and couldn't gain the strength to voice her concerns or make some kind of escape from this traveling prison. The rest of her party took no notice to her silence as each of them was in their own world of contemplation. They each had their own fears and hopes about what they would find in the base and the virus was busy accentuating these feelings and gaining a firmer footing in their consciousness with each mile they drove. 
  When the base finally came into sight there was no sign of relief. It looked vacant as they pulled up to it, there were no people gardening just inside the chain link fence trying to rebuild their society. There wasn't a large banner attached to one of the buildings beckoning people to come to the base for salvation. There were no signs of habitation. As the group of four got closer and finally made it to the gated entrance they were again let down to find that there wasn't anyone manning the front gate to make sure those who attempted entry weren't armed and ready to take any supplies this place had to offer. These were all thoughts that the group had shared about how they would know that there were people inside with the answers and the stability to help. They had all been let down by the lack of movement and symbols of life as they passed through the entrance to the base. 
"Maybe they are just checking us out to see how we react." Leo offered as the weakest possible explanation to keep spirits from dropping further. 
"Yeah I mean we would have done the same thing back at the school if people had shown up that we weren't expecting." Leah agreed, trying to convince herself as much as the others that there was still hope inside the walls even though they had seen no sign of life thus far. 
  They drove through the unmanned gate and onto the property of the U.S Government. They drove slowly as to show that they weren't a threat. They slowly made their way to what looked like a main building, all the while braced for a warning shot to be fired in their direction instructing them to stop the vehicle and prepare to be inspected. Leo and the others made it to the main building without such a shot being fired in their direction. They were tense with anticipation awaiting even the smallest sign that they weren't alone on the base and that someone had been left here to show them the way to where the cure had been handed out and people had been saved by the hundreds, maybe even thousands. Leo stopped the truck in front of the first main building assuming it would have been a good place to initiate a meeting, had he been in charge of the base. All four sat in silence for a minute while they waited for some kind of welcoming party to meet them. Surely they hadn't made it past the gate and into the heart of the base without being detected and so some kind of defense or greeting would be coming if they just waited showing once again they weren't hostile. Everyone in the truck was afraid to break the silence for fear that just outside their doors people were waiting to make contact and that any sound on their part would scare away their salvation. It was an irrational thought, but every chance the group had to hope that help was around was being held onto dearly. With every movement that passed there was less of a chance that there were survivors. If they got out of their truck without any greeting they were sure that the likelihood of there being survivors here would have become miniscule if any chance was left at all. 
  Eventually the waiting had to come to an end and Leo opened his door without warning. The others looked at him with surprised horror as if with the silence he had broken he had taken away any chance they had for finding the others that were surely just around the corner of the next building. Everyone was clinging to what little hope they had that this would be the place where they could finally relax, that this would be where there would be enough people to protect themselves and have some kind of community, where people could lounge around on Saturdays and relax without fear of invasion or starvation. Once the others got over the fear that Leo had scared off their only chance, they each followed suit and began exiting the vehicle slowly. It had been a long drive from Indiana and they had rushed today and pushed through the hours to make it to Albuquerque before dark. They each took a few moments to stretch and look around as if they were simply at a rest stop somewhere along their journey instead of at what they had hoped would be the final destination. 
"I guess we should look around huh?" Blake offered
"Yeah I guess so." Leo agreed with disappointment in his voice. 
"Should we bring the guns?" Leah asked. 
"I am." Angela answered. 
"We better. This still could be some kind of trap. Until we know what we are dealing with I don't want to go rushing in anywhere." Leo agreed. 
"What if they take it as a sign of aggression?" Leah asked. "I'm not suggesting that we leave them behind I just don't want to be surprised by their shooting if they think we are invading their space or something." 
"Well I don't know about you, but I don't want to be caught away from the truck without a weapon of any kind. I figure it is better to be prepared and possibly incite hostility than be ambushed without the means to protect ourselves." 
"This is where you say we are going to split up huh?" Blake asked almost condescendingly. 
"Well we could cover more ground if we split into two groups and see what we can find." Leo agreed. 
"Nope, I don't think so. If there is anyone here then they are just watching us and waiting for us to split up. If we break into two groups it is all the more likely that we are going to get jumped, if there is anyone here." Angela argued. "I don't want to break into two groups and increase those chances. I say we all stay together and as a group we can look through some of these buildings and see if there is anyone inside." Angela continued, not backing down from the idea that they shouldn't split up. 
"I'm with her. If we split up and there are any people like the guys at the last base we were on, we would be sure to be caught. If we stay together at least we would have a fighting chance." Leah chimed in agreeing with Angela. 
"Okay, we won't split up." Leo gave in to the logic and passionate arguments of the women. 
"It's not like we have anywhere to be. We don't have to rush through the base." Blake added in a comedic tone. The other three slightly smiled at the idea that they really didn't have anywhere to be or anything planned. They all grabbed the weapons that had become theirs that they had kept with them at all times. Leah grabbed a backpack from the back of the truck that had medical supplies and water in it just in case they did come across anyone who might be hurt or if they were ambushed. The medical supplies might make them look less like marauders and more like good Samaritans who had just taken along weapons as a defensive measure. When everyone was ready and loaded up with what they needed the group of four set off into the building they had parked near to see if there was perhaps a welcoming party inside or maybe a sign as to who had written "We R Here" on the other sign they had seen.
  Inside the first building, what had appeared to be a welcoming building for visitors who needed directions to get to where they were headed, the group hadn't found anything. There was an utter lack of anything that pointed in the direction where the people stationed here had gone. The group made it through the first building without talking to one another keeping their weapons pointed in front of them the whole time in anticipation for anything around the next corner. When they went to the next building, which was practically joined to the first, again they were on guard for the contact that was sure to come. Again they were disappointed. As a group they went through another building and then another, their tension turned more towards boredom and exasperation at finding nothing. Angela was paranoid far beyond the other three as the virus had gripped her and caused her to expect Raphael himself to grab her from around every corner. While the others were loosening their grip on their weapons she was holding tight, believing that at any minute she would be held against her will and all the tortures that the women at the previous base had endured would be solely hers to bear. It was Leah who finally noticed what had gone undetected by the group through several buildings thus far. 
"Have you guys noticed anything strange about these buildings?" Leah asked. 
"Besides that there is nobody around?" Leo asked in response to her question.
"Exactly." Leah answered.
"What do you mean?" Leo asked.
"In all these buildings that we have gone through, we haven't seen anyone." 
"Yeah I think we all noticed that." Leo told her as if she was stating the obvious.
"No, I mean we haven't seen a single dead body on the base yet, have we?" Leah asked looking to each of the others to see them each looking at one another. They all eventually shook their head that they hadn't seen any bodies lying around since they had entered the gate. "Well that means that either everyone was evacuated from this base before they all started dying, or someone has come through and cleaned out all the bodies like you did at the hotel." Leah announced. 
"You think if they were evacuated they may have gone to where they were working on the cure?" Leo asked. 
"I think the area suggest it as a possibility. I mean it doesn't seem like something the government would do, evacuating an Air Force base during a time of national and worldwide disaster. Unless they had evacuated to a place of higher security or of higher importance, like guarding the people who were thought to have the answers of curing what was plaguing the world." Leah reasoned through the idea that those who had been stationed at this base had been moved to protect the scientist somewhere nearby. She wasn't sure if she was just grasping at straws, trying to find hope where there was none, but the argument that she presented seemed to bring a bit of light to the others and so she held on as tightly as the others to the possibility that salvation was possibly only a few cities away. It was the thinnest shred of hope that there were still people out there and an even smaller fiber of this shred that their little group would be able to find those survivors, but without anything else to motivate them to keep going. It was all they had. With only the four of them remaining there wasn't much of a community that they could set up on their own and so they were left looking for the remains of a world that had been brought back together by someone else. 
  The four decided that there wasn't going to be ambush of survivors waiting around the corner of one of the buildings. Even Angela agreed that there was no further need to stay in one large group as they wondered through the buildings. The thought that they were going to find anyone alive within the base had been lost for the group. If there were people hiding in the buildings they would have made some attempt to make themselves known and so it was decided that their little group would divide into Angela with Blake and Leo with Leah together to search the base for anything that might be useful. What they were looking for were any supplies that would help in their travels as well as any information as to where they should head next in search of survivors. The two teams spread out in either direction in hopes that their group would be the one to find something hidden in the base that would illuminate the direction they should travel. Should the base fail to give them any insight Leo had decided that they would go and search the other labs that were in New Mexico that might hold answers. All he was left with was the possibility that they were either at one of the labs that were famous for government projects in New Mexico or had left some kind of clue as to where they had gone after raiding the lab for supplies. In the back of his mind the idea that there wasn't any hope and that there would be no help at the labs once they left the base was beginning once again to shadow the overwhelming hopeful attitude that Leo had cultivated. If there was nothing at the labs then this whole journey would have been for nothing and it would have been under his leadership that they would have found nothing and no one. 
  Off in their own directions the pairs went in search of weapons, medical supplies or anything that might be of use on their undetermined road trip. Leo and Leah made their way towards what appeared to be some kind of common area where there was a cafeteria as well as chain restaurants. Perhaps there would be some canned commodities that would travel well. Blake and Angela went towards another group of buildings that seemed a bit more secured than the first. There was a chained linked fence with razor wire all across the top of it surrounding the back of one of the buildings. 
"What do you think is back there?" Blake asked.
"I don't know. Want to find out?" Angela asked. 
"Yeah!" Blake answered. The idea of being able to go wherever they wanted and that locked buildings or gated fences didn't apply to them anymore brought out the childish excitement in Blake. It just wasn't allowed for a kid to go trying to break into a person's backyard if they had a fence around it. Yet here he was inside an Air Force base about to find out what they had to keep locked up from one another. "Wanna race?" Blake asked. 
"Oh I don't know I?.." Before Angela even finished she was running towards the building that Blake had wanted to race to, leaving him standing off balance in her dust. She was trying to lighten the mood that emptiness had brought to their party. 
"Hey that isn't fair." He called after her as he tried to catch up. Blake was able to catch up to her and eventually pass her just as they got to the building. They were both out of breath but smiling. It was nice to let loose, even if it was only for a few seconds. They both looked around the back of the building to see what the fence was containing. Behind the razor wire were all manner of vehicles that had apparently just been left behind. Blake's eyes lit up, as he had already taken a few lessons from Leo on how to drive. When he looked at the vehicles he was already picking out which one he was going to get to drive. "Can we take one of them?" Blake asked Angela as a kid who asks for a toy. 
"I don't know. I mean it would get us around the base a bit faster." 
"And I could drive." Blake jumped at the chance to be allowed to drive again. 
"Whoa, I don't know about that." Angela resisted. 
"Awwww, come on. It's not like I am going to hit anything here." Blake argued. 
"Well, let's see if we can get in there and if there are keys first. Then we will see about letting you drive." Angela answered with a smile. Blake took this as a sure thing that he would be driving as soon as they could get inside and find the keys to the vehicle of his choice. The two made it inside the unlocked building quickly and each went their own way to look for where keys might be kept. Angela still held firm to her rifle that she kept with her at all times, but felt a bit relaxed as they looked for the keys. The boys smile had made her feel somehow at ease and that in that boy's survival there would be a chance at life after the virus. Angela had been looking through the building with no success for a while and was about to give up hope of finding anything in the building when she heard something.
 "Hey." An unknown voice whispered to Angela from down one of the hallways. 
"Who is there? Is that you Blake?" She responded trying to look down the hallway and perhaps see who was calling out. The lights inside were off from lack of power but the building had windows with bars on the outside that let sunlight through nonetheless. The light that came in without the help of fluorescents caused shadows to be placed on every wall making Angela unable to see down the entire hallway. There was no answer to her call and so she hesitantly started walking down the hallway with her gun in hand, trying to find out who had called to her. She made sure to look in each room as she passed to check and see if anyone was inside, each room was found to be empty. 
"What are you looking for?" The voice asked her from further down the same hallway. It sounded closer as if she had been making progress in the right direction. 
"Who are you? What do you want?" Angela asked in response. She hadn't recognized the voice as anyone's who she had traveled with her and she didn't think that any of the other three that had survived with her up to this point would disguise their voice to play a joke on her. The fact that they each had loaded weapons and a respect for the severity of their situation didn't seem like it would allow any of them to be playing around in shadows. Again there was only silence in response to her question and so she continued to walk forward in search of where the voice was coming from. "I am not trying to hurt you. We are just looking for other survivors. I should let you know that I do have a gun if you intend to harm me." Angela continued, but there was still no answer. "I came here with others. Maybe we can help you." 
"But who is going to help you?" The voice spoke with a spiteful tone. 
"What do you mean? If we all come together we can help each other I am sure of it. Just come out into the light and we can talk." There were only two more rooms down the hallway and then it came to an intersection with another hallway.
"You already escaped once before. What makes you think you will get away from me again?" The voice seemed to change in its tone and with it seemed to spark recognition within Angela. With these words Angela froze where she was and looked forward as terror washed over her and caused her hands to start shaking as she held tightly to her rifle. 
"This isn't funny. Come out of wherever you are right now." Angela argued. The voice had sounded much like that of Raphael's but that was impossible and she had to blame coincidence for the similarity in voice. 
"You don't recognize my voice? I am disappointed. Our time together was cut short last time, by your little friends rescue. Now however, we won't be interrupted again." The voice taunted as Angela burst into the last room of the hallway only to find it empty like the others. Quickly she turned and made her way back out into the hallway, there was only the corner to the next hallway where the voice could be calling to her. 
"I have a gun. I don't want to hurt you. Just come out." Angela pleaded. 
"Oh, but I want to hurt you." The voice answered as Angela realized that it didn't only sound like that of Raphael's but it was in fact his voice coming from around the corner ahead of her. He had been following them throughout their journey to Albuquerque and had chosen now, when she was alone, to capture her. She wasn't the same women that she had been when he had first found her, scared and alone after losing her family.  Now she was strong and confident, as well as armed with an assault rifle that she wouldn't hesitate to use. She controlled the shaking of her hands with a strength she didn't know she possessed and stared at the only corner of the hallway that Raphael had to hide behind. With a quickness and agility that her determination allowed Angela came around the corner and found herself face to face with Raphael. 
  He stared back at her with those evil eyes that had done so much damage to so many and had made so many unable to trust again. In his hand was some kind of pistol pointed directly at her as if he knew she would come around the corner with her weapon already drawn. On his face she saw the recognition looking back at her and then allowed himself to crack a smile on his lips that curdled Angela's blood at the very sight. That smile was her cue to pull the trigger. She couldn't allow someone like him to go on living and tormenting so many. She was doing her part to help what was left of the world by gripping her trigger and pulling it tightly. With this one bullet that she sent on its way, she would put an end to all the bad that he had brought into the world. She would stop everything he had done to keep the world from healing. 
  The loud shot from her gun was followed almost immediately by another just after. The bright light from the explosion produced by her gun and then that of Raphael's just in front of her in the dimly lit hallway blinded her for moment. Her body went limp and she felt herself fall to the ground before the pain had registered. The pain quickly followed and took full precedence of her minds attention. Slowly she regained her senses. She was laying in the hallway with severe pain in her chest, a ringing in her ears from the two shots that had been fired, but still her vision was blocked by the large white spot in front of her where the muzzles had flashed. She held on to her gun with one hand and tried to feel where she had been shot with the other. Her body felt damp and she assumed it was from the blood that was most likely spilling from the pain. Angela blinked her eyes trying to see clearly. She had no allusions about living through the shot she had taken at such a close range, but if she could see Raphael in front of her, eyes glazed after life had left his body she could be content that she had done some good in the world. Slowly the white ball of light that dominated her vision began to shrink as she held the spot on her chest where the most pain was coming from. She just needed to hold on long enough to see Raphael's dead body. She could feel the strength in her arms leaving her and her breath becoming shallower and shallower. The bright white light was smaller and so she blinked her eyes to try and make it dissipate just a bit more. When she stopped blinking her eyes and focused down the hallway where she believed she had taken the shot she was able to see the mound of his body just in front of her. Still her vision improved and she was able to start making out the features of his arm that still held tightly to the gun in his hand. Her gaze as she lay on her side made its way up from the gun that had taken her life to look upon the man's face with her last bit of strength. Where Raphael's face should have been instead she saw that of a young boy. It was Blake's lifeless eyes that stared back at her from the floor. The virus had worked on her fears since she had been infected and had led her to this very spot with gun in hand only to kill the boy who moments ago she had felt was the only future for the world yet to come. Her body had enough strength to clinch in horror at what she realized she had done 
"Nooo?." Was all that was able to escape Angela's lips in a whispering voice intermingled with a gurgling sound of blood mixing with air in her last breath. The two lay facing one another, each with a gun in hand at the crossroads of two hallways never again to worry about the torments of this world. 

CHAPTER 27: A Sight to Behold

  Leah and Leo weren't too far away when they heard the shots that had been fired. They had been looking through the cafeteria and had found some canned goods that they were packing up to take with them. When the shots had been fired it startled the both of them causing Leo to drop the can he had been loading. The two looked at each other in confusion wondering who was shooting weapons nearby and if their fellow travelers were in danger. Once the look of recognition was seen in the other's eyes that they hadn't imagined the sound of the shots they stopped what they were doing and immediately set out to find where the shots had come from. They walked with a hurried pace outside and through the open streets. Neither wanted to go running into a firefight or hurry into an ambush and so they kept their guard up as they walked towards where they thought the shots had come from. Still they walked with a hurried pace to possibly help their friends who were potentially in trouble. Each kept an ear slightly pointed in the direction of the shots in hopes that they would hear something else.
"Maybe Angela and Blake ran into some trouble. You should try and call them on the walkie-talkie." Leah suggested. 
"Alright." Leo answered and then dug in his pocket to pull the walkie-talkie out. "Hello? Are you guys alright? Did you hear those shots?" Leo asked assuming that there would be a quick answer. The longer he waited without any response the more worried he became and he could see that Leah was paralyzed with fear as she stared at the walkie-talkie that refused to bring news that their friends were okay. 
"Do you think they are alright?" Leah asked more as a rhetorical question then actually caring about what Leo thought of the situation. She continued to look at him and then back at the unresponsive walkie-talkie.
"I'm sure they are alright. Maybe the batteries just died or something. Maybe they were shooting just to try and get our attention since they couldn't raise us on the walkie. Still, we need to find them." Leo gave good possibilities of why they weren't answering to try and alleviate the worry that Leah was showing. 
"Okay, but let's hurry. Just in case." Leah answered and then picked up her tempo. She kept an ever vigilant eye out for anything out of the ordinary and her weapons pointed in front of her. The two passed by the truck where they had split into two groups and didn't see the rest of their party waiting for them and so they went on. Each tried to keep a solemn face and not show the other that it was discouraging not to find the rest of their party waiting for them at the truck. Surely if they hadn't been involved in the shots that were fired they would have headed back to the truck to try and regroup with the others. The fact that they weren't there suggested to both Leah and Leo that they had something to do with the shots. They continued on towards the set of buildings that the two had been heading towards earlier. The building they entered had the distinct smell that a weapon had been shot within the walls. Leah and Leo just looked at one another, seeing that the other could smell the faint smell of gun powder still lingering in the air. Each had a look of worry as they began to walk down the dimly lit hallway where the only light was coming through the windows of the rooms connected to the hallway. They walked slowly shoulder to shoulder beside one another with their guns raised in anticipation for what they would find in this building. They were still clinging to the hope that the shots had been fired by their friends as an attempt to call Leo and Leah to their location, but the fact that it seemed as if the shots had been fired inside the building seemed to suggest that this was not the case.
"Hello?" Leah called down the hallway startling Leo and causing him to jump a bit as he walked next to her. 
"Angela? Blake? Are you guys in here?" Leo yelled waiting for some kind of answer that would allow them to lower their weapons and proceed down the hallway in a more relaxed fashion. There was no response to warrant any such relaxation. The two continued down the hallway noticing that the smell of gun powder was increasing in strength. 
  The virus was working hard to make Leo and Leah fall victim to the fears kept hidden within themselves behind the mask of determination and concern for the rest of their party. Both of their systems were doing their best to fight off this new incarnation of the virus that had been able to con its victims into an accidental death or suicide while in their trance state. The two were still holding fairly strong against the virus that was inside each of them, they had been taking care of themselves and were strong in their resolve to stay sane and only listen to the reality that was around them. While the virus was doing all it could to bring to life the shadows in the corners of their eyes and accentuate every little noise that the wind outside could play against the building, the two remained focused on what was real and ahead of them. They walked down the hallway that Angela had traversed a few minutes earlier and looked in every room just as she had. They came to the end of the hallway with the failing light of the evening sun pouring through the windows of each room. Down the hall, reaching around the corner simultaneously they saw a shoe reaching out from around the corner of the next hallway. 
  When they saw the shoe gracing their hallway with its presence from around the corner there was a sensation of loss that immediately filled them both. Nobody had jumped out at them yet and the rest of base appeared to be void of any bodies and so the person who was attached to this shoe must have some significance to their party. It was difficult for either of them to take the lead and finally take the final steps around the corner and so they did it together. Once they looked around the corner their last remaining bit of hope would be lost and they already knew it, so they took the step as slow as possible and let the realization of what was around the corner hit them as softly as possible. Around the corner they followed the shoe that had drawn them up to the leg and body of Angela as she lay sprawled out in front of them holding on to her chest with a pool of blood in front of her. The blood that still spilled from her body had slowed once her heart had stopped beating. Without it to shove the blood out of the fresh opening the bullet had created, the body was left to leak the life from Angela at a pace that gravity determined.
  Their eyes couldn't help but follow the pointing of her gun only to find Blake. He was on the other end of her pointed gun, lying in a pool of his own blood that was mixing with Angela's on the floor. His eyes had lost the shine and wonder that youth had bestowed upon him and that even the harshness of the world had been unable to take. As he would have gotten older that shine would have dissipated, but only with time, instead it had been snuffed out by someone who he considered his friend as she had shot him in a dark hallway. Leo and Leah were helpless but to take in the sight that was laid out in front of them. Neither of them wanted to look upon their friends dead bodies, apparently from the hands of the other, but they had already looked upon them and were now unable to look away. It was the same as a realization or an epiphany, once it had happened there was no going back, forward through the mind's new paths is the only possibility. Leo rubbed his eyes in frustration trying to piece together the puzzle of what had happened here. It just didn't seem right that the two had shot one another while coming around a corner hallway, but still their bodies told the story that was undeniable. The bodies didn't appear to have been tampered with and Leo was fairly certain that if they took the guns from the two each would have the smell of being recently fired. He finally looked away in disgust at what had happened to the majority of his only remaining friends. Leah didn't bother to look away or to rub her eyes to make sure what she was seeing was real. She had found Blake alone in this world scared and had taken him to safety and made him into a little brother that she hadn't had. The boy looked so peaceful, but without that shine to his eyes he was nothing like the boy she had known just a few moments ago when he had gone off with Angela to investigate the base. She had seen him grow up in their short time together, when she had stayed behind at the base to find Raphael she had looked at him after he had killed men to save the others and she had seen that most of his childhood was behind him now. He had maintained some of his boyishness while still growing in this world and taking on the responsibilities that he needed to in order to take care of himself and help in the survival of their group. The body on the foor was only a memory, a poor facsimile of the boy he had once been and yet she was unable to look away. Every memory of the boy came to her in an instant and where she had once thought she had lost the ability to cry after surviving so much and seeing so many awful things in this world, she now felt her eyes well with despair and sorrow at the loss of Blake. As Leo looked away she felt her vision blur and eventually a tear stream down her cheek. 
  When Leo looked back at the bodies still lying perfectly still on the ground he still couldn't believe what had happened but was unable to find any other explanation. Before he could say anything he saw the damp cheek of Leah standing next to him and knew that there were no words that he could say that would help to console her and that anything he said would only go unnoticed or arouse anger from the woman. Leo had cared for the boy and Angela deeply, as they had been some of the only survivors of this world who had remained with him and who had believed in his leadership. To Leah though, Blake had been family, as close to a son as she would ever have he suspected, and Angela had shared in her fear from the men at the base and so the sight had a much deeper biting pain for her than for Leo. While he felt loss and depression at the idea that there were now only the two of them he was already considering what to do with the bodies and what was to come next, while she obviously was still taking in the entire sight and was completely lost in the moment and what it meant to her. Leo had never seen Leah cry and hadn't expected that anything could break her and cause tears to flow from her eyes, she had been so strong as to not allow any kind of fear or sadness to take hold of her, but here she was next to him allowing those tears to drop from her chin one after the other. The sight of the woman crying next to him was almost as heart wrenching as the bodies below, because in Leah there was so much strength and bitter determination that this world wouldn't get the best of her, but in what she looked at, it was obvious that this new world had found a way to tear into her like she had never thought possible. With each tear that fell, Leo knew more and more that she wouldn't be the same and that there likely wasn't any need or want left in her to go looking for other survivors because her hope had now been taken from her. 
  Leo didn't know what to say or do to get her to snap out of the trance that she had been placed in. He had always hated when people had said things like "I'm sorry" or "I'm sorry for your loss" when someone close had died. The only thing that he hated worse was the comment "I know how you feel". It had always seemed like such a contrived and hollow condolence. When there were no words that could take away the pain that someone was feeling after a great loss, people seemed to want to keep trying with the same words that had failed to console so many others. Leo did the only thing that he thought was respectful at this point and kept his silence while looking down at the bodies; it would have to be Leah who spoke first. He couldn't break her silent vigil without fear of appearing disrespectful or brining her full fury down on him as she lashed out for being disturbed. So the two of them stood there looking down at all they had lost and thinking that there wasn't anything else that they could lose in this world.
  They had been chosen to survive the virus that had taken out almost every other living person in the world, most through violent deaths or suicides brought on by tormenting visions. The two had found a way to survive in the world left behind and make a home for themselves in the school that had been left vacant. They had been shown the evilness in humans through the combined efforts of the men on the military base they had been taken to against their will. Somehow they had made their way from that place and had continued on, greater in numbers. Through their combined strength they had gone on even when a group of their party had decided to go their own way and even when their numbers had been cut in half by a car crash. Now, however, neither of them thought that there was any chance of finding happiness in this world. It had taken everything from them, every time they had found a way to persevere and continue on, there had only been something more dreadful and daunting in their path. Everything had lead them up to this point staring down at the still warm bodies of those they cared about on a deserted Air Force base. They were no closer to finding any answers, left without any sign of the direction they should go to find any other survivors, each of them infected by a new strain of virus that was making its way through their bodies, they stood motionless. Leo and Leah stood there with everything that had come to pass playing through their minds bringing them closer and closer to the breaking point that was surely just around the corner. 
"We can't leave them like this." Leah finally announced as she wiped the tears from her eyes. 
"I can do it if you want." Leo answered trying to allow for Leah to walk away and let him handle the moving of the bodies on his own. 
"No, it's okay. It's only the two of us now, we should do it together." Leah answered. Leo didn't want to argue the point and so together they carried the bodies outside without saying a word to one another and found a place that wasn't covered in concrete to set them down. Leo headed back to the truck and returned with a utility shovel, unfolded the shovel and started digging graves for the two bodies as the sun began to fade behind the horizon. As Leo dug the holes it became darker and darker until Leah went to the truck and retrieved a flashlight. For a while she held the flashlight while he dug and then took her turn digging. Back and forth they each took their turn digging the graves. With each shovel full of dirt they dug through their frustration and anger at the events that had brought them to this point. They pushed past the pain in their muscles as they dug and the shouts of protest from the hands as blisters formed popped and then bled on the handle of the shovel. There would be no shallow grave for their two fallen friends. Between the two of them they were able to dig two four feet deep holes, one for Blake and one for Angela. They used a blanket from the truck for each of them as a burial shroud and then placed their bodies inside the graves. 
  With the two bodies wrapped in blankets, lying at the bottom of their respective graves, Leah stood between the two and looked down at them. Leo stood behind her and continued to remain silent as she looked over the two beneath her. There was no prayer given and no words of acknowledgment only silence was paid to the bodies in respect for the lives they had lived. Leo and Leah hadn't spoken as they dug the holes for the bodies, nor did they say anything as Leah looked down and observed a few moments of silence. When she finally looked up at Leo again there was no need for words and he simply picked up the shovel and went about filling the graves and covering the bodies with the dirt that had been excavated. This time Leah didn't jump in to help with the movement of the dirt and only stood off to the side holding the flashlight watching as the bodies were covered and the two lives below were symbolically put to an end. 
  The two of them had worked through the blisters, the soreness, the blood and the pain to make sure that Blake and Angela got into the ground in a reasonable amount of time. Neither Leo nor Leah knew what had happened to the two as they had met at the end of the hallway, each had seen much more peculiar things and so it wasn't nearly beyond the realm of possibility that the two had simply startled one another and pulled their triggers accidently. As they had been digging, far more nefarious ideas had run through each of their thoughts as to what had happened to their friends, but these were fleeting thoughts. All too consumed by the sorrow that gripped the only two remaining survivors of their party, ideas of another shooter or the possibility of something hiding in the shadows were quickly pushed away so they could mourn their fallen friends. It wasn't the time for conspiracy theories or paranoia. It was time to remember their friends for all they had been and to work hard to dig their graves. The pain that each shovel full of dirt inflicted on their bodies had been cleansing. It was almost an act of penance for not being their when the shots had been fired. If they would have stayed in a large group perhaps neither would be dead right now. Both blamed themselves for the deaths that had been brought to their friends in their absence and with every shovel full they felt the sting of the metal twisting against the skin. With every pile of dirt they moved each felt a touch more relieved of the burden they were carrying at having not done more or being there to save their friends, when the time had come, when it was the most necessary. 
  When Leo had finished covering the bodies, leaving only Leah and he to stand over the graves with the flashlight lighting up the mounds of dirt, there were still no words to be said between the two. There had been no contingency plan for if they found nothing here in Albuquerque. There was no secondary target of where they should head. Leo had offered ideas of heading to the other labs to see if the military had taken over these areas for their own purposes, but this had been more of a last hope for the group. With Blake and Angela now dead the need for hope had left the two. They didn't know what to do with themselves now, even if they were to find a colony of individuals living well and free of the virus at one of these labs they both knew that they were beyond the possibility of finding happiness anywhere. They had each tried to do so much and had ended up losing everything. They had tried to survive in a world that was bent on destroying humanity and for these last two it seemed as if the world they were still living in had finally succeeded in taking their hope and killing any goodness that the group had intended to bring to what remained of the world. There was still the option to go on and see what was at the labs, perhaps finding someone or something there would make the trip they had taken and the lives they had lost seem a little less in vain. If they did find that there had been something at the end of their journey perhaps they could forgive themselves for the trouble they had brought to the people who had chosen to follow them. Maybe it would make their losses a little less disheartening. If only more had survived to witness it themselves. Maybe the women who had stayed behind when Leo and his two truckloads of followers had left had been able to find some help or to create something on their own and would be open to Leo and Leah joining them wherever they were now if they could indeed be found again. Leo had no idea even what to suggest as their next course of action, every decision he had made had been with the best intention but had led them towards disaster and death. As the light remained motionless on the graves Leo didn't even know if he could bring himself to offer another idea for fear that it would only take away what little life still remained between the two remaining survivors. How much arrogance did he have to portray in continuing to try and take the lead and offer advice on what they should do when he had been without success on so many of his ideas? 
  Leah stood next to him without the ability to look in Leo's direction. While it obviously hadn't been his direct fault for Blake dying she couldn't help but hold him responsible for the boy being taken from the world. It had been Leo who had started the school and had gained their trust by looking like he knew what he was doing and had some insight on how to survive this failing world. While Leah had suggested it, it was he who decided that they needed to go to the radio tower to disable the signal before others were lured to Raphael and Bernie and had eventually got them all captured by the same men.  She had trusted him with Blake when she had stayed behind on the base to bring justice to the men who were in charge there. He had been the one to push for them to come in search of some form of unity here in the middle of nowhere that was New Mexico. Leo had been the one who had suggested they split up at first. How could she convince herself not to blame him for the Death of Blake who had been the closest thing to a son or younger brother that she had ever had or ever could possibly hope to have? She was racking her brain trying to find a way to place the blame somewhere else so that the two of them could continue on in their hopeless search for survivors or some sanctuary, but every time she tried, her thoughts were routed back to some decision that Leo had made or suggested that had brought them eventually to this point. It was his fault that all this had happened and that everything had been taken from her and she couldn't seem to find any way to forgive him, or at the very least look past the outcome and see the goodness in his intentions each time that they had led them to this disaster. The lives of so many that had chosen to follow him had been ruined in the process. While the deaths of the others that had been with them in the following truck had hit her hard, she hadn't had the personal connection with them that she had with Blake. Their lives were their own to look after, they were able to make their own decisions along the way and so when they had been taken from this world it had been their own choices that had taken them to that path's conclusions. Blake had been hers to look after, her decisions had shaped the life and possibilities that were presented to the boy and she had put her trust in Leo.
  Leah remained motionless and lost in her thoughts of everything around them and fought the urge to blame Leo and take out all of her anger and frustration on him. Leo was beginning to feel awkward standing silently observing the mounds of dirt before them. He wished that the forced silence could be ended and that Leah would at least look in his direction. Her eye contact would be all that he needed to know whether there was some chance of forgiveness for him buried deep within her or if she had already banished him to the depths of hell. He knew that in a single look she had the power to condemn or absolve him and while he wanted to know one way or the other he dreaded the reality of seeing her blame him so completely for the taking of the boy's life. He had to know. He had to somehow break the silence and find out what their next move would be, how she felt about him and what they would do now that it was just the two of them. Leo began fidgeting while standing next to the statue that Leah had become. He began to look in her direction, hoping that she would noticed the movement in her peripheral vision and move to acknowledge his need for attention. As he looked at her he noticed the strength as well as the sadness that surrounded her and he remembered the journey they had shared up to this point. Flashes of when she had caught him off guard at the school when she had been able to sneak up behind him and place the gun barrel to his back. He remembered how Blake had been pointing the rifle at him from around the corner of the school without his knowledge and how the two of them had helped teach him to fire the weapons with the intent to kill should the necessity ever arise. The strength in her stance that she had shown him when she had decided that she wasn't going to get in the vehicle with the rest of them and escape the base was hers no more, she had a slouch of despair about her now. Somehow behind that gate she had rallied the other women that she had found and escaped on her own, killing many of the men who had held them captive in the process. She was truly amazing in her ability to show compassion for the boy she was taking care of as well as the women she had help liberate while keeping strong with everything that needed to be handled in this new world.
  They had dug the graves, prepared the bodies and then refilled the graves all through the cover of night. They had been up through the rest of the night speechless to one another. There were no words that could describe the failure that they were feeling and no need to burden the other with their own thoughts of weakness and how they had failed. Leah had noticed Leo next to her starting to become restless as the night began to loosen its grip on the world. All around them the darkness began to fade from the pitch black, with only their small flashlight fighting off the darkness, to a deep purple. Time sped by as Leo tried less and less subtly to get the attention of Leah and possibly make their way away from this depressing act of watching the graves of the fallen. When the sun had almost made its way over the horizon and the light had long made the day visible to the point where the flashlight was no longer necessary Leo made an even more noticeable movement beside Leah. He leaned over and stretched down to his legs to not only attract the attention of Leah that it was time to break their silence and that she had to be the one to do it, but also to work out the aching in his muscles from the night of digging followed by standing perfectly still. This was finally what was able to break Leah from the encapsulation of her sorrow that had held her so still throughout the night. 
  Leo stood up next to her and finished the stretch by raising his arms to the sky and then bending backwards a bit to stretch out his midsection. Leah knew that she herself would be excruciatingly sore from the night's activities and so before she even turned to face Leo to give him the satisfaction of finally gaining her attention she began to slowly flex the muscles in her own body. She could feel the soreness within her and then without warning to Leo or any acknowledgement of his existence she began to stretch. With every movement she felt a shooting pain from the stiffness she had inflicted on herself. When Leah had finally finished stretching and was feeling close to her normal self again she finally was able to bring herself to look at Leo. 
  To her, he looked more exhausted then she felt and looked as if he had taken the deaths just as hard as she had intended him to take them. His face was worn from the travels and everything that they had lost. It was obvious to her that he didn't take the decisions he had made easily and that he stood facing her regretting everything that had brought them pain and suffering along the way and left only the two of them. His clothes were covered in dirt from digging and it was smeared across his forehead from when he had been whipping away the sweat during the night of digging. In his eyes she saw so much sadness and regret that she knew he was being harder on himself then even she could. In that first look into his eyes she wondered how things could have been had they stayed at the school and never been visited by Raphael and the prisoners he had brought with him. She wasn't sure of the answer for what could have been, she only knew that it had been he who had brought them to this point. While she had come willingly and hitched her wagon to his star of hope headed south he had taken the mantle of leader and so must bear the responsibility for the death of Blake, Angela and all the rest that they had lost along the way. Their path had been taken and no amount of time together alone would be able to wash away the anger towards Leo that she felt. Even though she knew logically he wasn't to blame for her loss or anything that had happened to this world she couldn't stop herself from looking at him with eyes filled to the brim with everything she was feeling. Leo was able to read her in that first glance and saw all the anger, fear, sorrow, pain and loss sent directly to him in a simple look. No matter what was to happen to the two of them, no matter how many miles they put between themselves and this gravesite it would be that look that she gave him that she would always look at him with whether she meant to or not. 
  Leah didn't know what to say, there just didn't seem to be any words to summarize what she was feeling and even if there were, she was sure that they would only fail to do them justice and so she only looked away from Leo once again. They couldn't just stand here all day watching as the sun filled the world that had been all but emptied of human life. It was the constant movement and the idea that something was still out there that would keep their minds off the fact that they had lost hope in this world. They would continue to drive from town to town pretending to look for others, fooling themselves into believing that with the finding of a large group of survivors they would be able to find their salvation, but each of them would always know that there was no salvation ahead, only the damnation of being alone. 
  Eventually Leah was able to look up at him once again. It was obvious that he was held in tight anticipation for her to say anything to him, for her to break this silence that had held them so far apart. He looked back at her with pleading eyes, for her to show some sign of forgiveness or to at least get all of her blame out in the open and quit holding it back while allowing it to come shooting out her eyes with every look she allowed in his direction. Again she wasn't able to keep her gaze focused on him and again she came back to looking at the grave of Blake. Finally the words came to her and before she could censor the words or think what they would mean to Leo as they flowed into his consciousness they were already passing over her lips. She was unable to stop them and knew automatically what they would do to him and how they would break him into something that could never be whole again. 
"I hate this world." Leah spoke softly but clearly. She didn't regret the words. She had meant for them to hurt Leo and they surely would. He had done his best to make a better world. He had tried to shield all of them from the reality of the world around them, but he had failed. The words did just as she had intended. The words cut into Leo, blaming him for everything he had done to this point. He had been able to make their own small bubble of a world where there was hope in far away states, where they would be free from the tyrants of Raphael, Bernie and the like and it was this world that Leah was criticizing. Leah couldn't take back the words she had spoken because she had meant them, as much as she could see that the first words she had spoken in hours had hurt him, they were true and they were what she was feeling.
"I'm sorry." Was all that Leo could answer. In a soft tone of self loathing mixed with self pity he answered her first words to him of the day with an apology that took the responsibility of everything terrible that had happened since the mass extinction of people. He truly was sorry for everything that had happened and accepted responsibility for the failure that was this journey and for allowing the arrogance of hope to infect him and then passing it on to everyone else that traveled with him. Many of the individuals that had come to him or that he had picked up along the way and who had gravitated to the idea of finding possibilities in New Mexico had been without the concept of hope when they had met him and somehow he had given them the idea that there was more out here to find than an empty military base, death and loneliness. 
  Leah turned to leave and began walking towards the passenger side of the truck allowing Leo to take more time if he needed it before making his way to the truck to leave this place that held nothing for them. Leo turned and watched her walking back to the truck and knew that he would never find happiness here with her. He was done with this place and so began to walk, in preparation for departing the base in search of whatever was still out in the world surviving that would surely fall short of bringing either of them any peace.

CHAPTER 28: Lost

  As Leo walked behind Leah he noticed the colors of the ground begin to run together until the fine multi-coloring of pavement below him bled into a single color of painted black. It was as if each of the small rocks that made up asphalt had contributed a small portion of their color and instead of the fine combination of many different individuals adding together to make a whole the ground had been washed over too perfectly and was now one continuous single color. No longer was it made up of individual pieces, but instead it was smoothed over. He looked up to find that the same phenomenon was happening to the sky above him. The blues of the sky were beginning to run together with the whites and grays of the clouds lightening the overall color of the sky. Leo couldn't explain what he was seeing and rubbed his eyes with his fingers thinking that perhaps the exhaustion of the night had taken its toll on his vision and perhaps rubbing them would bring things back into focus. When he finally took his fingers from his eyes in hopes that things would be back to normal and he would be able to continue his journey away from the place he was surprised to find that instead the infection had spread to more than just the sky above and the ground below. 
  The buildings around him now had the smooth texture of something fake. The roughness of stucco seemed to be smoothing out into a single soft layer. They reminded him of a movie set where only the front of a building is built, held up by scaffolding, but hollow or without the other four walls. The world seemed to be fading right in front of his eyes. He wasn't sure if it was the world around him or perhaps just his perception of everything he looked at, but to him nothing seemed real anymore. He was afraid to look at the truck for fear that his only means of escape was also falling victim to the falsehood of the world. He looked quickly away from the direction of Leah and the truck and looked into the base trying to find some piece of reality to hold on to as it seemed to be slipping away from his field of vision. The thought of what would happen should he see his own reflection in some surface and see that he too was bleeding into a caricature of himself flashed through him and quickly he made sure to look into the distance to avoid just such an instance. Everything around him was moving and washing into one another. The boundaries that kept things separate and individual had been broken and the colors and textures were now mixing without concern for one another. 
  Was it him or everything around him that was falling apart? He had no way of knowing. There was no standard of reality of which he could cling to and try and sort out what was happening all around him. Had the virus taken over his mind and playing some chemical trick on his optic nerve making everything that he saw indistinguishable? He wished that there was just one thing that seemed to be keeping its texture and boundaries that he could navigate himself towards. Screams of terror pounded though his mind, but the ability to scream for help had already left him. What he would scream for anyway, he wasn't sure. How would he be able to describe this to the only other person near him? How would he be able to prove to her that he wasn't simply falling victim to the virus that had taken its time infecting him? He could only get help if it was even the case that he wasn't going mad, of that he couldn't even be sure as everything around him was losing itself. The sky had begun to leak into the buildings and the trees. There didn't seem to be anything to suggest that once the sky was done with them it wouldn't just continue right on down to the ground. Leo assumed that once the sky melted into the ground he would be crushed or washed away with the convergence. He was beginning to panic, but had no idea what he could do to stop the world from being painted away. Simple brush strokes were taking his reality away from him with hand movements moving the brush across his world and stealing all definition. The terror of the world falling away from him just in front of his eyes without his ability to do anything to stop it left him paralyzed as he watched. There was still one place that he hadn't looked yet for fear of what he might see. If he looked in the direction of Leah perhaps she would be holding strong within her own space and that sight would give him the strength and perspective to fight off this world that was losing everything that defined it. On the other hand if he looked to her and she was giving him that accusing glare of a woman who has lost all hope and feeling, then he would surely plummet into the abyss that was being created. Watching as the movement of the world around became that of an oil painting recently splashed with paint thinner he didn't know which possibility would be worse or if he would be strong enough to take the chance and look to Leah for help that only her compassionate strength could give him. 
  With nowhere else to look for help Leo had no choice but to possibly bring what was happening all around him to the only person that had survived with him this long. Slowly and cautiously Leo turned in the direction of Leah. He closed his eyes as she was about to come into his field of vision, afraid for what he might see. Carefully when he knew he was looking in the direction of the truck and Leah he dared to open one eye. As his vision cleared from squinting in fear he saw that the background of the truck was succumbing to the same effect that he had seen all around him, but just in front of him there was Leah standing outside the truck intact as ever. She wasn't condemning him with her eyes nor had she given in to the strange bleeding effect of a world washing away. She was holding strong and the only look that was bestowed on Leo was that of slight anxiety showing him that she was ready to leave and was only waiting on him before they could go. She gave no sign that she was aware of all that was going on around her from Leo's perspective. This lack of notice that she was showing gave him a modicum of hope and happiness. The thought that perhaps he was simply going mad and that it was only his mind playing games with him flooded the conscious parts of his mind that he was still able to control. While this wasn't the most consoling of options for him it did allow for the world to be stable, a constant for others to hold onto even if he wasn't there to witness the survival of those still alive in this world. In her eyes he was able to see that the world wasn't crumbling around him, that everything he had done up to this point hadn't been for nothing. In her calm demeanor he could see that there was nothing to worry about, it was only his sanity and the perception of himself that he was losing. 
  Leo was able to muster as smile at the thought that the world would go on without him. Even if he had to leave this place in a mentally unstable delusion which surrounded him, Leah would go on. She was strong and wouldn't give in to the torments of the virus or those of evil that seemed so well prepared to survive in a world without order or morals. There would be something of himself left behind in the affect he had had on Leah. There would be a piece of him left behind in this world even if he fell to the delusions of the virus playing on everything he held dear, at this moment he was happy to know that he had contributed to this world. It was through good intentions and hopeful ambition that he had made his efforts. No matter the outcome of his attempts to survive and bring hope to those left behind in the wake of the virus he had tried his best and had looked for the good in the world to guide him. He felt he could slide helplessly into insanity knowing that he had tried to bring goodness to a world void of authority or direction. 
  As he smiled at Leah, to which she answered with only a vague perplexed look in return, he felt lucky to have gotten to know the woman in front of him. Thoughts of all their time together passed through his mind. It was in this time of remembrance as he looked fondly at her that she too began to fall victim to the event around them. Leo first noticed it in the perplexed look that she was giving him, wondering why he was standing and staring at her. The edges of her lips followed quickly by the corners of her eyes began to droop as if unable to hold up their own weight. Leo's thoughts of happiness quickly faded as the lack of realism in Leah was shown to him. She was inflicted with the same condition that had taken hold of the world. The firmness of her being and stability of whatever it was that made up a person was losing its grip on her. What began with the edge of her lips and the corners of her eyes quickly spread as her ears as they began to sag and her fingers started reaching for the ground beyond their length.  To Leo it was a terrible torture to watch as the sole survivor of his attempts wasn't being torn apart violently, as she fought off some evil, but instead was being stretched and blended with her surroundings, apparently against her knowledge. Leah paid no mind to what was happening to her and remained frozen in her current state. Leo couldn't believe that she had fallen victim to whatever fantasy his mind was playing on the world. He had thought she, of all people, could have weathered whatever tricks his mind tried to play, or whatever the world could try and bring down upon them. Now, however, she was being swept away just like the definition of the trees and buildings. Leo still couldn't tell if it was only in his mind that all this was happening or if the world really had decided to simply wipe the slate clean and possibly start again. From his own limited perspective there was no way for him to tell and so he was stuck, helpless to change anything or even be content in the realization one way or the other of his own sanity. 
  As the sky began to fall around Leo and his only point of reference and stability had begun to give in to the effects of the world is collapsing Leo couldn't take his eyes off of Leah. He wanted to run to her and try to hold up the pieces, like a person who has broken a lamp or bowl and tries to hold the pieces together in hopes that it will mend itself. Still he was frozen in his place, his legs wouldn't work to go running towards her, if they had there was no guarantee that the ground wouldn't sink beneath his weight as it lost its stability. Leo was held helpless where he stood, forced to watch as Leah and the world around steadily began to melt into one another. Now that he had looked upon her and started the process of her demise there was no looking away and so the world crashed down on her eventually. The sky, trees, buildings, ground and everything in between eventually intermingled into a brownish wave of everything. The wave washed away all of Leah, wiping away her existence form this world. 
  Leo was left alone to fight this creation of his mind unsure if somewhere perhaps Leah still remained and only watched as he stared catatonic into reality, now a prisoner of his own mind. Thoughts of heaven and if Leah had made it there or if heaven was maybe just waking up from this insanity of his own creation dominated his thoughts as the wave of everything slowly made its way in his direction threatening to take him where everything else had gone. The wave of color crashed down on him with a force that he had never felt before. He wasn't able to avoid the wave's presence and immediately felt completely surrounded as it grew around his body. The waters of creation or destruction, depending on perspective, rose all around him keeping him motionless. Consumed with terror as his body remained locked, the fluids rose until only his head was left. Panic swam through his eyes freely as he felt a swelling in everything around him and a wave that the world had become made its way over his head and plunged him beneath the surface. Leo gasped for air as he was being choked by the very world around him. There was no longer definition or distinction between objects as he was held under the wave of reality. There was no longer air for him to breathe as he choked beneath the fluid that had overtaken him. He struggled bravely within himself trying to swim or to struggle or to gasp for breath, but there was nothing. The wave was already washing away everything that he was. He was losing himself to it, giving in to all that had surrounded him and becoming a part of the world that had no consciousness of its own, but he struggled on nonetheless.  Leo was lost in the depths. 

CHAPTER 29: Found

  The waters had begun to part all around Leo. They were as clouds defeated by the sun and pressed onward by the winds. Evaporating all around him was that which had consumed him. He felt the grip loosening on him and allowing him to tense once again. Slowly the senses came back to him, he could feel the embrace of what had held him in place during his drowning and felt that grip easing all around him. His eyes were once again allowing light to come through and form images within his mind. There were only blurs as he was still stationary and unable to make sense of everything around him, assuming there was anything to see that the wave hadn't taken away. The panic and fear of the world and what he had seen were now leaving him and he felt at ease with whatever was to come next. While the blurs continued to come together and form more strict edges all around him the sounds that surrounded him began to come through as recognizable noises. There was a rustling and constant droning noise surrounding him as he stood stationary. The sight and thought of Leah's face as she had looked at him without fear or understanding was beginning to fade from his immediate attention as he tried to piece together everything that was coming into being around him. The world seemed to be reuniting itself around his very existence. Perhaps the world had started anew and had decided that he needed to stay in the world that it built around him after washing the previous one away.
  Slowly the world was reconnecting, forming those rigid straight lines that only humans have the capability of creating. Nature doesn't work in perfection, but meddles in the abstraction of curves and the imperfections. Around him he no longer felt that he was within the confines of the Air Force base, and he couldn't remember the exact layout of the base where he had just been. As the world was recreated around him he found himself within a city of large buildings overshadowing everything he saw. He was now able to look up and see the tops of the buildings, taking special care to notice the well defined sky behind them. With the force that had kept him stationary having lost most its power, Leo looked down and saw the stability and intricate individuality of the stones that made up the concrete under his feet. There was a world of incredible intricacy being created around him as he watched. Leo looked in the direction of where Leah had been and saw only a building coming into existence across the street, but no truck nor Leah to speak of. 
  The fog that was still looming over the world began to separate around him; he could feel the presence of people surrounding him and could hear the hum of movement. Still he couldn't place what was happening and struggled to look around him to find Leah or to make some kind of sense of what he was experiencing. The fog was burning away by the sun held high in the sky and with the fog's lifting there was beginning to be movement in every direction. With each passing moment he was able to see a little clearer the shapes that were passing so close to him. The humming noise of the environment became sharper. At first they were shapes and lines moving all around him passing by him from every direction. He was a stone in the river of the shapes and they were making their way around him to continue on their path down river. As the fog continued to lift and fade the shapes took a more familiar form as the outlines of people walking past him came into his understanding. The shock of what he was seeing was keeping him still, unsure of the stability of the world around him and not wanting to take the chance of spoiling the creation happing just in front of him. Leo was all consumed by this new awakening in front of him and he was helpless as it seemed to run through him while everything gained more focus. 
  At last, when everything had come together, and the fog of his understanding had lifted Leo found himself within a city alive with movement. There were people walking on both sides of the street taking special care not to make eye contact with one another or to accidently bump someone. Everyone was in their own little world of life. There were cars on the street making their way to different destinations doing their best to keep their distance from one another and avoid eye contact through their protective windows. The clarity of the world around him continued to grow and as it did he felt thoughts of the world with Leah and Blake beginning to fade. Leo was still unable to move but within himself he struggled to hold onto the thoughts of the boy and of Leah as steadily the world he had helped create in the aftermath of the virus seemed to be getting replaced by everything that was around him. He could feel pieces of them being torn away from him. He could remember them in fragments but had already lost images of everyone from the school. The life he had been living, the world where the virus had wiped away almost the entire population seemed to be getting washed away as the wave on the base had taken away the reality of the world he had inhabited. It was now sweeping through his mind, taking away thoughts of those he had survived with and leaving him to grasp in the dark at thoughts and memories he hadn't known were so dear to him. 
  Leo felt like he had just woken from a restful sleep and was struggling to remember the life he had lived in a dream. There were so many details that he was attempting to hold onto at the same time. His mind was stretched in every direction as the wave made its way over the time he had spent in his house with his two friends and took all memory of this from him. The Air Force base and Leah's last look from the truck had been swept away and he was trying as hard as he could to keep hold of everything the people he had met had meant to him. While this place seemed to have life in abundance he didn't want to trade the lives and memories of those he had known in the aftermath of the virus for those faces that were all around him struggling to not make any kind of connection with a man standing in the middle of walking traffic. Try as he might, with every dear thought that Leo tried to hold onto, it was as if he was holding too tightly to sand and was forced to watch as the memories slipped through his fingers. Keeping to himself as he stood still, he endured a torture surpassing that of watching the world taken from him as it slipped through his grasp. He felt his identity being taken from him, his existence being rewritten as he lost the memory of the dream that had been the world after the virus.
  It was in fact the virus that was playing this horrible trick on Leo. As the last memories of the life left behind were taken from him he was left with only the extreme feeling that everything dear to him had been taken. Leo had the sadness of a death in the family joined with the knowledge of one's own Alzheimer's, not even giving them the pleasure to remember, in fondness, those that they had lost. Leo tried to remembered the life he had been living, as the dream and false reality of his life with Leah continued to fade from his memory. Thoughts of this reality that was now inflicted upon him and the memories of this world were once again his. He felt ill and remembered how he had stopped last week to give a homeless man some money. The man had been holding a sign that read "My name is Henry and I need help." It was the straightforward nature of the sign which had prompted Leo to offer the man some money from the window of his car. When Leo had reached out to give him money the man had inadvertently coughed on Leo. Leo remembered wiping his hands profusely afterward, but it had been to no avail. In that cough Leo had become one of the first recipients of the virus that Henry carried and as the virus had made its way through his system it had been grasping for the chemical reactions in Leo's mind and in the process had created a world for Leo. Leo had only been standing on the middle of the sidewalk forcing the stream of people to diverge around him for a few minutes but in that time the virus had been able to use everything Leo wanted to weave another reality. Leo had wished he could do more good for the world and be a leader to those in need, he secretly feared this, as well, for the possibility of failure. In the world that the virus had created for Leo it had made both his hopes and fears a reality for him and then had taken everything away from him leaving him with a loss unlike any other. The speed and efficiency of the mind had spread the virus with all its ill intent so quickly throughout Leo and had made the visions so real for him that Leo nearly felt himself brought to tears at his loss that he could no longer remember. The virus had been able to make an entire world for Leo to inhabit in just a short time, but time enough to form attachments and play out the worst fears and anxieties of Leo. It was a world where he had survived only to lead those who had seen strength in him to their demise. It was his greatest hope to lead and a greater fear of failure all packed into one delusion. 
  Leo was now free from the fog that had held him in the middle of a trafficked world, spreading the virus to all those who passed. He had awoken from the world the virus had made for him and was once again just another of those infected. He was infected with this virus that did all that it could to strip people of anything they wanted and show them all that they feared in the detail that only the human mind can recreate. Whether Leo would survive the virus that spread within him and lead a group of survivors on a path of self destruction was yet to be seen. Judging by the strength of the virus already within him and its ability to alter reality for him in such a moving way, there was no telling what his next encounter with the virus would be. It was yet to be seen if he would be able to survive another life where he was forced to lose everything that he cared about. 
