
Mistress Of The Game
Asabea Ashun

Copyright Asabea Ashun 2010

Published by Kente Publishing at Smashwords

Discover other titles from Kente Publishing at Smashwords.com or visit kentepublishing.blogspot.com Author site is at www.maryashun.com



Smashwords Edition, Licence Notes

Thank you for downloading this free ebook. Although this is a free book, it remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be reproduced, copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy at Smashwords.com, where they can also discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support. If you enjoyed this book and would like to try more titles from Kente Publishing and especially from this author, email Kentepublishing@gmail.com to receive a coupon for your next purchase.

Chapter 1

April 22, Takoradi, Ghana

A lone schoolgirl with a battered backpack featuring Dora the Explorer was walking along the beaten path behind the Methodist Public School on the East Side of Takoradi. It was a hot day as most days are in the seaside Ghanaian city. Hardly anyone was walking along the path that was usually busy with farmers carrying produce on their heads, their wives walking behind them with babies on their backs and a couple of goats for company. She wore the standard school uniform of brown and cream dress that all public school students had to wear. Her hair was cut short with no fancy hairpins or clips. As she walked along, she kicked a stone here, a twig there. A few times, she’d stop to pick up an interesting item – a coin, a nail or a candy wrapper while she recited a poem she’d just learned at school.
‘Because ye have broken your own chain
With the strain
Of brave men climbing a Nation's height…”
She stopped, trying to remember the next line of Elizabeth Barret Browning’s poem. She scratched her head a couple of times, stomping her right foot as if to jog her memory. Suddenly, it came to her.
“Um….yes, yes, yes!” she said excitedly as she remembered the rest of the verse and recited it all in one go.
‘Because ye have broken your own chain
With the strain
Of brave men climbing a Nation's height”
Yet thence bear down with brand and thong
On souls of others, -- for this wrong
This is the curse. Write.
She laughed at herself for forgetting this poem she’d been memorizing for the past month. She had absolutely no idea what it was about and it didn’t seem to matter. She recited it one more time and decided it was time to sing a song she could skip to. She sang about a vulture that was so hungry he decided he’d make friends with the local dog. She sang at the top of her voice, mimicking the vultures voice and then the dog’s voice; anyone listening would probably think there were two children singing. Ama Kese was ten years old.The path wound its way past the small Checheku stream. She walked gingerly at its edge and continued further into the forest. All of a sudden, she stopped as if to listen to the birds but the look on her face indicated that the sound she’d heard was not a beautiful one. She stopped singing and tensed up. As if on impulse, she ran behind a large palm tree and waited. It was as she’d feared; there were others on the forest path with her. She stretched her neck as far as it would go without making herself visible and then the intruders came into view - a man and a woman, clinging to each other in sexual intimacy. The woman was black and the man was pale, not like a white man but still white with short spiked black hair and very thin eyes. He touched the woman’s breasts and she then let out a little chuckle.
“You like?” said the man.
“Yes”, the woman responded coyly.
“Me peh wo”, said the man in stilted Twi, the local language.
“Saaa?” the woman asked. Do you really like me?
The man lunged towards her, drowning her entire face with slobbering kisses. She tried to push him off gently but he seemed oblivious to her resistance. He started unbuttoning his khaki pants as the woman began to protest. He pulled his head from out of her ample cleavage, looked at her and seemed surprised to see the fear in her face.
“Why you afraid? You ashaweh no?”
“Please sir, me not prostitute. I have job. I sell fish. Please, my people do bad if I make dirty by you. Please no…”
“Me can make you rich…you like me, you get money. Money more than one day sell fish!” 
“No…please…no….please….please….no”, she whimpered. Ama, hiding behind the palm tree felt a trickle of urine running down her legs as she crouched close to the ground. She was too afraid to breathe and yet she thought she recognized the voice of the young woman. It was Araba, the sixteen-year-old fish seller who lived in Mama Kate’s house. She was tall and thin with silky smooth skin burned dark by the daily sun. The man must be one of the oil workers who had arrived in droves once the Freedom Oil Fields opened up much needed employment. As Ama contemplated her situation, she knew she didn’t want to stay and watch whatever was going to happen. She slowly slid her bottom up the tree and then quietly stretched one leg to the right. She adjusted her backpack, lifted her other leg and then ran away from the scene as fast as her legs could carry her. And then she heard the gun shot.
******
It was daybreak and the workers were getting themselves on the crew boat that was to take them to the oilrig stationed twelve kilometers off the shoreline of Ghana’s South West Coast. The sun was still trying desperately to poke its head through the gathering grey clouds and all along the seashore, there were fishermen pulling in their canoes; with the current craze for outboard motors, the noise was deafening in some parts. The first boat filled up with about nineteen men, all dressed casually with their protective helmets and boots, lunch pails and sometimes a backpack. Some of them would be returning that evening but most of them would stay on the rig for another three weeks. The men all knew one another and as they greeted each other, there was a sense of shared purpose in their smiles, their easy taunting and the faraway look in their eyes. The boat eased away from the shoreline and towards a rig that looked very small in the distance but gradually loomed larger. Few of them looked across to the rig as they approached; most were playing cards or regaling one another with their sexual encounters over the weekend. As the boat got closer to the rig, the men gathered their belongings and got ready to jump into the air tugger that was being lowered from the deck. This was a big basket that transported the workers from boat to rig as opposed to a helicopter that would have deposited them directly on the rig platform. As they climbed out, one of them turned to the others and asked in a Chinese dialect:
“Where is Li?”
The others looked around. A few shrugged and then one older man shouted back to Guang, the man who’d asked the question.
“I guess he didn’t show up. I hadn’t noticed because he’s often quiet anyway. Did anyone see him last night?”
No one responded. Theirs was the first crew boat of the day so it was likely they’d see him in one of the later boats. The tugger took just about a minute to take the first group up to the Oil Rig deck and before long, Li was forgotten. Another day had begun at the Freedom Oil Fields.

Chapter 2   Accra, Ghana

Everyone seemed wide-awake this Thursday morning and with the crowds and the chaos on the streets, it would seem that this was a special market day.  Not so. Accra was such a busy metropolis that every day looked like a special market day. The Ga tribe who had specific days for market, others for worshiping gods and ancestors and still others on which you couldn’t fish, were once the main occupants of Accra. For almost a hundred years though, it had welcomed so many other tribes that it was not unusual to hear at least four or five different languages spoken in a trotro bus from one end of the city to the other. Of course, in the course of said ride, the trotro bus, replete with boxes and animals strapped to the very tenuous roof would stop several times in traffic due to a malfunction of some sort. If passengers were lucky, they’d be asked to remain on the bus while the driver and his assistant fiddled around with a few electrical wires near the engine.  It was not unusual to find them still fiddling under the hood while passengers took matters into their own hands – removing squawking chickens from their tied perches on the roof of the bus or strapping bales of cloth to their backs or their heads. If they were lucky, the next empty trotro they saw would be slightly more roadworthy but at one cedi a ride – the equivalent of almost an American dollar – it was a miracle that any trotro moved at all. These days, a busted trotro was the least of anyone’s worries. Gone were the days when there were interminable queues for everything from toothpaste to water. Even gasoline was flowing freely and the long line-ups that defined the nineties and early part of the 21st century seemed to be a thing of the past. Oil, long suspected of lurking somewhere along the coastline had been discovered and much to everyone’s relief, some changes were being observed in the economy. Already, the Western Region’s capital city of Takoradi, previously primarily a port city and therefore used to a certain level of hustle and bustle was fast outpacing Accra in terms of commercial activity and manufacturing. Of course along with this economic activity had arisen concern about the oil agreements that had been made with foreign companies and the fact that the signed contracts were not eventually going to benefit the country.

Accra traffic was legendary; second only – it was said by savvy travelers - to that of Lagos, the commercial capital of Nigeria. One could stand in amazement on the sidewalk and wonder why anyone bothered to put lines on the roads to indicate lanes because no one stayed in their lane. Horns honked several times a second and street hawkers would fly in and out of lanes, narrowly missing the hood of a car but finding themselves almost crushed against the trunk of another. It was chaos personified which made it all the more stunning when you saw the faces of drivers and pedestrians; most looked like they’d not have it any other way.

The white SUV careened off and on the road, causing the driver and his lone passenger to whip and turn at every surge. In the backseat sat Margaret, a tall handsome woman with distinguished written all over her. She folded her Daily Graphic newspaper and sighed heavily. These days, there was much to learn from the newspaper – there were twenty pages of it ! - and she wondered if the Ghana Institute of Journalism was just doing a better job training journalists, or that there was just a lot of  news to report. She pondered over what she’d read, wondering if Ghana would be able to keep heading towards the Millennium development goals with all the oil money about to flow. There was a still a big gap between rich and poor but even America was like that wasn’t it? As she pondered this, she looked over the head of Mensah, her driver. He sat ramrod stiff, wearing a uniform he had himself chosen; he liked to create the impression that being and looking professional was more important to him than it was to his boss! . Mensah was wizened, with very dark brown features. His eyes tended to dart feverishly from one place to the next, like he was looking for a way out, but he had proven a reliable and consistent driver so she kept him in her employ despite his furtive glances. His wife Baaba was Margaret’s cook, and along with their two daughters, they occupied the two bed roomed bungalow they called the ‘boys quarters’. Auntie Maggie liked him though; he talked little, observed much, proffered little, obeyed much. She looked up from her newspaper.
“Mensah, did you know China has quietly invested 38.8 billion US dollars in overseas oil fields, in countries such as Argentina, Sudan, Nigeria and Iraq?” She hardly spoke to him when he was driving but this was way too important. She needed to tell someone. Even her driver would do.
“Yes Madam.” He knew?
“What do you know about the oil business, Mensah?”
 “That the United States, has the third largest reserves of oil after Saudi Arabia and Russia but seem to be running out. Since 1970 they’ve been importing it for products as varied as the obvious Gasoline, Diesel, Fuel oil, Propane, Ethane, Kerosene, Liquid petroleum gas and Lubricants but also for Heating oil, asphalt, bitumen, Plastic, bags, toys, candles (paraffin), clothing (polyester, nylon), cosmetics, petroleum jelly, perfume, dish-washing liquids, ink, bubble gums and car tires”
Auntie Maggie’s jaws fell open! Mensah could read? She wanted him to go on.
“So you know about OPEC?”

“ Yes Madam. There were fourteen nations, most of them in the Middle East but it now includes two African countries – Angola and Nigeria.”
Wonders will never cease, thought Maggie. Here was Mensah, driver to the rich, showing her that he was well aware of world issues. She must watch the man; he could be dangerous. She turned her head to look through the window.

As he climbed a particularly high curb, almost falling into a gutter at the popular roundabout known as Circle, she marveled at how alike America and Ghana were. Of course she knew no one in America would believe that assertion and definitely no one in Ghana would like to believe her. She remembered a trip to Buffalo, New York one summer when she visited her daughter and her son-in-law in Toronto. It had been a warm day; for someone living in the Northern Hemisphere and just coming out of Winter, twelve degrees Celsius was usually cause for a celebration – so they decided to drive down to Buffalo to do some shopping at the Galleria Mall. A city of about a million people just south of the border at Niagara Falls, Buffalo used to be a bustling city and went through a very deadening period sometime in the early twentieth century. Driving on the I-90, it wasn’t hard to see the effects of that very long depression. It was a relief to see the Walden Galleria and to be assured that Buffalo was not all about the East Side, replete with run down vinyl sided houses, trash heaped sidewalks and alley way cats. Same with Accra – if any visitor went through Chorkor without ever going through Cantonments or East Legon, they’d do the city a disservice by describing it as dirty and smelly.
“Hey, Mensah, call that street hawker for me,” she shouted to her driver.
This was not an unusual thing to do on the streets of Accra. Right in the middle of traffic, street hawkers would be begging automobile passengers to purchase their goods. These goods ranged from dog chains to mentos candies, bananas and deep-fried Chofi, the latter a mouth watering but artery clogging, fried turkey tail; one could literally go grocery shopping in the backseat of a car in Accra traffic.  
After purchasing an eclectic bunch of items from the street hawkers – shoe polish, plantains, yams, spinach leaves, tomatoes, a gallon of oil, a table cloth and mosquito coils to fill the backseat of the SUV, she stretched her ample frame, tall and fit for someone her age – at the backseat and sipped the juices from the fresh coconut that they’d purchased earlier at Kokompe junction. Suddenly, she felt a vibration in her bag and instinctively reached for it.
“Hello?”
“Maggie, is that you?”
“Yes oh…is this Belinda?”
She and Belinda went way back - to high school in the town of Berekuso. Now in their mid fifties, the ‘girls’ – as they liked to call themselves much to the chagrin of their husbands – caught up at least once a week, usually at the ultra modern hair salon Changes, in the heart of the most exclusive neighbourhood in Accra – Creation Hills. Belinda was married to the Minister of Energy and Natural Resources, Kwasi Prah, previously an Oil executive with British Petroleum in Houston, Texas. After the current government won the elections, Kwasi Prah was called back home to ‘give something back’. He did so, while hopelessly watching as his wife ‘took everything back’ with her indiscriminate spending, late night gossip sessions with old school friends and lavish trips to Dubai and Honolulu under the pretense of sourcing out new business outlets for the country’s fledgling export industry. Belinda Prah had never exported anything in her life.
“So what are we doing this weekend?” Margaret asked.
“I’m busy ohhhhh… the NGO I was volunteering at has just finished building the school in Asamankese so I am fundraising all week to help pay for the cost of training the teachers. We just got a major grant from the Chinese government you know? We asked for $10,000 and they gave us $20,000 – I wish I’d asked for $40,000!”  Belinda laughed at her own joke.  “Kwasi is entertaining some dignitaries from some country  - I don’t even know where from but lately, there’s been a steady stream of all kinds of people. You know this oil thing is going to be big eh?
“So I hear, but of course, you’re closer to the action so you tell me!”
They both laughed raucously. Belinda always seemed to be at the center of everything that happened and made Maggie feel very inadequate. She did have one thing over her though – Belinda had never had children and in a Ghanaian society that measured you by how many children you had and how successful they were when grown up, Maggie was not surprised that Belinda filled her aching moments with trips to Dubai. 
“Well, there’s the wedding this weekend.”
“Yes I remember that one. What time do we have to be at the bride’s house since we’re a part of her support crew?” Maggie asked
“Have you had your gele tied already?” Belinda asked.
“Why are we wearing geles? The Nigerians have moved in – and I admit they’ve kindled our previously lazy attitude to business but they’ve bought our banks, filled our universities and have started marrying our women because they have more money and now we have to wear their gele’s to our weddings? Whatever happened to us just tying our own traditional Ghanaian head gear or wearing a beautiful British hat like the queen? Ahhhh, who knows, maybe with this oil coming, we too will be able to wear our own head gears instead of following everything Nigeria does!”
“O Margaret! You’re making such a big deal about nothing! The gele is just different and isn’t that the whole point?  To look different but good? Listen, I have a Nigerian friend – Tokumbo – she will tie it for you so stop stressing out. I’ve already purchased them so no need to go looking for the fabric – just make sure you are wearing your white lace kaba and sleet and leave the rest to Tokumbo, you hear?”
Margaret snorted. She was not amused at all. The typical Ghanaian wedding was rife with all sorts of exaggerations anyway and now they had to add a Nigerian tradition to it? She reluctantly agreed with Belinda.
“Ok…oh, hold on, I hear another call coming on…hold on while I see who it is okay?”
She removed the phone from her ear and pressed the flash key.
“Hello?”
There was a buzzing sound but no voice responded.
“Hello?”
Again, no response. This time there was no buzzing sound but a hollow one. She sucked in her teeth, as only – it seems black people are wont to do.
“Tschew! These Ghana phone lines are so bad! It’s no wonder people have three or four SIM cards for one phone! – I hate missing long distance calls and this one could have been from Sarah!”
She switched back to Belinda.
“Bel, I’m going to have to call you back okay? I think that was Sarah and we haven’t spoken at all this week.”
“Ei – tell her that her favourite Auntie misses her. And to look after that white man of hers ohhhhh….good men are hard to find and she has a white one too!”
Margaret laughed.
“Oh, before I forget, I need a maid oh? The last one I had got pregnant with the manservant across the street!”
“No worries. I have just the perfect girl actually…”
“No, no, no! No more girls – they can’t seem to keep their legs together and I can’t handle any more pregnancies. I want someone who will do what he’s been asked to do,” Maggie begged.
“I know Maggie. Trust me. This girl is almost eleven and she doesn’t speak. Can you believe that? Apparently, she stopped talking after school one day and no one seems to know why. She can’t go to school so her parents are looking for a good home for her to serve in. She comes from Takoradi.”
Maggie yawned with exaggerated boredom.
“I’ll think about it. Let me get off this phone in case Sarah is trying me again ok?”

Margaret hung up the call and waited.
“Na wa oh!” Margaret vented out loud to no one in particular while looking at the phone in her hand, willing it to call back. She didn’t realize that in her frustration, she’d used a Nigerian phrase – ‘na wa oh - such is life’! Mensah shifted uneasily in the drivers seat.
“Madam, may I respectfully ask you to turn it off and on again? I’ve heard that sometimes this helps with the phone connection.” 
Mensah could be painfully polite, to the point of morbid humility. She looked at him and thought she’d try his suggestion. And then she waited.
Just as they drew up to the front gate of their house in the gated community of Akwaaba Spring Hills, the phone rang. Margaret stepped out of the car and virtually screamed into the phone.
“Hello?”
“Ma?”
“Yes darling, how are you?” Margaret yelled into the phone.
There was no response so Margaret pulled the phone from her ear, looked at it again, shook it and proceeded to yell again.
“Hello…Hello… Hello?”
“Yes Ma, I can hear you. How are you?” Sarah asked with laughter in her voice. Her mother could be such a contradiction. One moment she’d be yelling in twi like a street hawker in the sleaziest part of Accra and the next, she could be addressing the UN General Assembly as the British representative!
“I’m well by God’s grace and you? Is Philip taking the medicine I sent him? Make him drink ohhhhh…..you know white people don’t trust our medicine but its been curing people for generations!”
Sarah laughed feebly. She desperately wanted to share her week with Margaret  - the growing doubts about her marriage, Philip’s ongoing illness, her unresolved infertility…everything.
“My dear, you don’t sound well. Have you been doing more tests?”
By the time Margaret had started this line of conversation, she was safely in her bedroom with the door shut. She sat on the edge of her king size bed and propped up a few pillows behind her. Kicking her high-heeled shoes off, she made herself comfortable so she could talk to her only daughter. 

“Not really Ma. We’ve decided to wait a while because these fertility tests cost so much money and Philip and I are running out of cash. The last test gave us a 30% chance so we’re not quite sure of what to do next. Sometimes I just want to give up but I know I have to keep trying because…”
“Hey, don’t say that”, Margaret quickly interjected. “You know the devil takes words from our mouths and makes them happen so don’t say anything that will feed his wicked plans. You will have a baby, I promise you that…we just have to be patient and keep trying. Tell me, is there any infertility on Philip’s side of the family, you know, genetically?”
“Not that I know of Ma. Both his sisters have children and his brother…well he isn’t married so I don’t know…. so I don’t think so. Why do you ask?”
“Well, there’s got to be a reason for having tried for over ten years to conceive and still coming up short,” Margaret suggested.
“Yes I know Ma, but its not like I have nothing to contribute by way of blame. I’ve often wondered…”
“Wonder nothing my dear. It’s in the past and that’s where it should stay. When you keep bringing it up, nothing good comes of it and instead, you should be thinking of the wonderful marriage you have, how much he loves you and how beautiful your children will look.” 
Sarah sighed a sigh so deep that it traveled the creaky phone lines and made Margaret uncomfortable. 
“Sarah sweetheart, is everything ok? I’ve told you that these things take time haven’t I? Are you beginning to lose faith?”
There was no response so Margaret looked quizzically at the phone. Had the call dropped? After the third ‘hello’, she gave up, hung up the call and curled like a fetus on her bed.

Something was very wrong in Canada and she had to find out what it was. She smiled as she realized that she knew just the right person to call.

Chapter 3
June 1, Toronto, Canada
It was mid- morning and Toronto’s Bay Street was crawling with financial types out to have early business lunches and to make deals. Sarah and Philip Arthur-Beck sat a foot apart in the waiting room of the doctor’s office, south of King on Bay. They were not alone and as in many cases – if people would be honest with themselves – they wondered what others were there for. Being an Infectious Disease Specialist’s office, there wasn’t too much to choose from and this office, despite being the fourth such office they’d visited in the last two years was more tastefully decorated. She recognized a Teddy Dako photo hanging on the wall beside the receptionist’s desk and a very large Peter Van Rijn in the left hand corner. That last one was especially captivating; it was his classic fiery one taken very close to Mount FitzRoy and Mount Poincenot in Patagonia.

Sarah looked impatiently around her and noticed a neat rack of magazines. She leafed through the O Magazine, skipping several pages as if looking for a particular article. As her hands shook uncontrollably, she tried to look nonchalant and murmured a whispered sorry as she lifted her large purse off the chair next to her. A woman and her child quietly took the seat and murmured their thanks. Seated beside her and also looking painfully uncomfortable was her husband Philip. Tall, close to 6 feet tall with closely cropped blond hair and hazel eyes, he wiped his forehead every few minutes as the sweat appeared on his forehead in the fully air-conditioned office.  Each time he coughed, Sarah reached over and rubbed his back. He had lost so much weight in the last year and they were hoping that today’s appointment would help them figure out a way to wellness. They didn’t have too long to wait.
“Philip Arthur-Beck?” the receptionist softly asked.
Philip got up without looking at Sarah but she got up anyway. They followed the nurse to a well-appointed room with oak chairs and a matching table. Again, more Peter Van Rhijn’s displayed on the walls. Dr. Franklin must be an avid collector of twenty first century photography, she thought. They were asked to sit in front of the C-shaped desk and before they knew it, they were left alone once again.

An uncomfortable silence ensued, broken only by the heavy breathing coming from both of them. A small car sped past the window, breaking the grip on their subconscious and forcing them to look in the same direction. As they tried to recompose themselves, their eyes met. Philip looked at his wife, almost as tall as him, black hair fashionably worn in a weave with carefully made up face, sporting a pair of black Capri trousers and a casual blouse and jacket. She looked stunning as always and could easily pass for a decade below her thirty-eight years. Sarah, looking at him, also caught a lot in that thirty second look – a man who was still good looking despite having been unwell the past year, distinguished looking even, dapperly dressed in a casual short sleeved shirt and khaki’s. His eyes couldn’t hide the fact that he was afraid.
“Are you ok?” she asked.
He nodded. He was lying and they both knew it. 
“At least we’ll know what the problem is…you know? You won’t have to wonder why your nodes are always swollen and painful, not to mention the interminable fatigue.”
Philip was still quiet so she continued to talk to fill up the awkward silence.
 “Its probably nothing – just some allergic reaction to something you’ve been eating. You know how you’re always drinking these weird concoctions my mother sends you from Ghana. Do you remember that one that came in a tightly wrapped bottle with absolutely no label or instructions? I remember mom telling you to mix it with water – again no measurements – and take one tablespoon twice a day!”
This made Philip smile and that seemed to set his lips free to talk. 
“Hey, you’re laughing at indigenous African medicine – known to have cured thousands if not millions of people in the mother country for as long as people have walked the earth!” he said in defense of a land that he now lovingly referred to as his own. A spasm of coughing came over him. Sarah rubbed his back as she laughed with him, teasing while running her dark brown fingers through his straight blond hair.
“Whatever! Look who’s talking about indigenous African medicine, white boy! You’ve got to be careful with those things you know. Coming from a country where you don’t need a prescription for antibiotics – you can just get them from a street hawker and also tell them how many pills you want – I wouldn’t trust any unlabeled concoction within a mile of my body!” Sarah added.

This was the perfect time for Dr. Franklin to come in. He saw a happy couple, and he visibly relaxed also. He sat behind his desk and waited till the laughter quieted down.
“I’m glad to see you laughing and also to meet…”, he paused as he waited for one of them to continue.
“Dr. Franklin, this is my wife Sarah and Sarah, this is Dr. Franklin.”
They exchanged pleasantries and then it seemed it was time to get down to business. He shuffled a couple of papers in the folder he’d brought in with him, pushed his horn-rimmed glasses closer up the bridge of his nose and cleared his throat.
“Well as you know, Dr. Kendrick – Philip’s family doctor - was concerned with some symptoms that Philip was having – the fevers and chills, diarrhea, swollen lymph nodes and so he ordered some blood work. These indicated a very low white blood cell count. He thought it best to refer him to a specialist and this is when Philip and I first met, two months ago. We talked about what he was going through, did a full scale physical to be sure that the conditions we tend to see with his demographic – Caucasian, male, early forties, no known history of heart disease or blood pressure or diabetes – could be ruled out. I had to escalate the search for a cause and so we did some more blood work to try to find out if there was any significance to the symptoms you reported to me. The results are in and there is no better way to say this…”
Sarah reached for Philip’s hand and clasped it tightly. They both stared at the doctor like he held their lives in his hands, and in a sense, he did.
“You have a high concentration of HIV antibodies in your blood.” He waited for this information to sink in.
Sarah’s clasp loosened on Philips hand. He in turn started coughing. They both leaned in closer to the doctor as their hands, now placed on the edge of the table moved around frantically, but never touching one another.
“Excuse me?” Sarah asked softly yet firmly.
Dr. Franklin closed the file, took his glasses off and stared first at Philip and then at Sarah.
“Philip, you have HIV infection.”

What seemed like an eternity suddenly took physical, emotional, mental and spiritual residence between Philip and Sarah, a chasm so wide that looking at its invisibility was guarantee that you’d never come out of it alive. The lack of sound became oddly colourful, swirling in a mesmerizing mess around the three occupants of a room that had previously held laughter. Now, it held nothing. Philip and Sarah sat staring at Dr. Franklin.

“One of the important measures of HIV infection is the CD4 count and the magnitude of the count lets us know how best to treat it. What you are presenting is not so far gone that you cannot be treated for it and as soon as we are able to explain everything to let you know where you stand, we can start the paperwork for getting you the necessary medications including antiretrovirals to start the process of helping you live with the infection. Also, since your CD4 count tells us that your viral load is high, it will be a good idea to test Sarah for the infection and to try as much as possible to control it.”

A very deep silence permeated the room, so deep and stifling that Sarah had to do something sudden to break it and she did. She pushed herself away from the desk, stood up, pushed the chair back and marched out of the room, her heels clicking behind her as she sped out of the frightening situation she found herself in. Philip spun around, attempting to catch up with her but Dr. Franklin placed a vice-like grip on his wrist, stopping him in motion.
“Philip, let her go. Everyone reacts differently to such devastating news and she has to be alone for a while to digest the information. Don’t worry, she’ll be back.”
Philip looked up at the doctor, his eyes welling up with tears. Dr Franklin was almost getting used to this most awful part of his job but there was no denying that it never got any easier. He waited a while for Philip to vent whatever emotion he felt – nothing happened - so he proceeded.
“I know that telling you that I know how you feel is not going to make it any better, but please know that I have done this many times, more times than I wish. I’d like to help you work through this process but it can’t happen without you being very honest with yourself…and with Sarah. According to the questionnaire you filled out on the first day you were here, you said you’d never had any blood transfusions…correct?”
Philip slowly nodded. His tongue felt very heavy and he could taste the salt from the tears that were slowly dripping down his cheeks.
“And, do you have any idea how you could have contracted the virus?”
Philip didn’t look up but his body starting heaving. Dr. Franklin allowed the emotion to continue and when he felt he could ask the question again, he did. Philip shook his head slowly to indicate no.
“Several years ago, having HIV and AIDS was like a death sentence but today, due to the work of several hardworking scientists, we can prescribe a cocktail of drugs that will help you live with the disease. Of course with access to antiretrovirals, HIV hardly kills anyone  - we now know this. In your case, my main concern is the CD4 count which is low and looking at the chest x-ray I think you have a chest infection, which is associated with a low count. This is therefore my main concern so we will start you with an antibiotic called Septrin and then we may need to add the steroid Prednisolone - this will work to decrease the inflammation due to the cysts in your lungs. You’ll have to be hospitalized for part of this process though…is that alright?”
Philip nodded.
“Alright? We’re going to start by scheduling some counseling for both you and Sarah. You do not have any children do you?”
Philip shook his head.
“Good. I mean in this situation it’s actually a relief to hear that there is no child. I need to let you know though that the low CD4 cell counts you have, do indicate that the infection didn’t just happen yesterday. Its been getting worse and this means that the most infectious stage is in the past, during which time I believe you have been sexually active with your wife?”
Philip nodded.
“Do you have emotional support or are you each other’s only support?”
Dr. Franklin had to wait a while to get an answer from Philip. He reached out to him with the tissue box and Philip grabbed a couple of tissues and cleaned his face up. When he did speak, it was very soft and slow.
“I have two sisters…one lives in Calgary and the other is in BC and my brother lives in Toronto…he’s currently out of work. Sarah’s parents are in Ghana and she has a brother in Maryland. Our family here is really the church – we’ve been a part of it for almost ten years – ever since we first met as students at U of T.”
“That’s wonderful to hear. It’s critical that you have a lot of support at this time. We are also here, my team of doctors, nurses, and counselors will be on hand to give you any support that you need. Much of your healing – physical, emotional, mental and spiritual will be helped by having loved ones around you who can support both you and Sarah, especially if her tests come back positive for the virus.”
Philip gave out an uncomfortable laugh. Startled, Dr. Franklin looked up.
“Support? Are you trying to say we’ve got to let others know?” Philip said startled.
“Well…within reason Philip. Keeping it all to yourself is okay at this early stage but what happens when the symptoms get worse? You’re already losing weight, you’re always tired and that persistent cough…it won’t go away overnight.”
“But Dr. Franklin… I can’t tell anyone…what will they think?”
Dr. Franklin sighed deeply. Clearly, he’d been here before and knew when he had hit a major roadblock.
“Philip, can you tell me one good reason why no one else…why no one who loves you shouldn’t know that you are battling this disease?”
Philip sat bolt upright. He had regained his composure and was ready to deal.
“Yes I can. There are many actually. First of all, I could lose my job. Some years ago, I lost my IT job in the recession. I had to go back to school for a Bachelor of Education degree and I’ve been teaching high school computer science successfully since then…almost five years. My students can’t know that I have AIDS – what will they think? What will their parents think? My mother is elderly and needs looking after and my older sister who was helping out has had to move farther away from her because her husband got another job in another province. My other sister is a widow with four children of her own. I can’t let any of them know that I have this dreaded disease. Back in Ghana – where Sarah comes from, it carries a death sentence as well as ostracization. There are even some who believe that it’s a curse from God…I can’t do that to them…can’t you see?”

Dr. Franklin nodded understandably. He really did not see but his professional conduct was always at stake in these consultations. 

“You mentioned the church was like a family to you…can you tell someone there?”

Philip gave a very hollow laughter; one that grew in intensity and began to sound macabre in its falsetto tones. Dr. Franklin felt the hair on his forearms stand on end. This man did need support but how to make him aware of it…that was the sixty-four million dollar question.
“Ah…yes, the Church,” Philip admitted.
“And?” Dr. Franklin prodded.
Philip got up slowly and walked around to one of the Van Rhijn photographs on the wall. He ran his fingers over the pure white petals of the Trillium flower in the beautifully framed image. The dewdrops on the petals reminded him of the teardrops on his own cheeks.
“I could never tell anyone there,” he said softly.
“And why couldn’t you?”
Philip ran his hands through his hair in confusion. Just then, his phone rang. Dr. Franklin signaled that it was okay to pick it up and Philip walked towards the bookshelf to take the call. 
‘Hello?” he softly asked
“Hey bud!” said a cheery voice.
Philip smiled as his younger brother’s voice worked its magic to relieve some of the stress he was feeling. He suddenly seemed stronger, standing up straight and wiping the errant tears from his eyes.
“Hey wassup?”
“That’s what I was gonna ask. Are you anywhere near downtown? I called you at work and that curmudgeon of a school secretary rudely told me you had taken the day off.”
“Yah, I’m on Bay at a doctors appointment. You want some lunch?”
“Hey, a loser won’t say no!” Jason laughed.
“Lets meet at Spinoza’s on College – remember where Chris and Tad had the fight with the cops that New Years Eve? It’s been refurbished so lets go chill.”
“Wild horses won’t be able to keep me! See you at 1?”
“Sure – one is good. Ciao.”

Dr. Franklin, ever the consummate professional didn’t ask for a debrief of the ever so brief conversation. Instead, he gently reprised the conversation they had been having before the call came through.
“And you both like your church right?”
“It’s a great place to be, don’t get me wrong – I always feel safe in there – my spirit is at peace and my faith in my creator continues to be unshakeable. We pride ourselves on the fact that though there are different cultures represented in the church, we are all one body.”
Dr. Franklin looked confused.
“Well if you are one body…and I presume this means you share each other’s pains and joys…wouldn’t it be the safest place to share your pain?”
“Yes, if you’re a member.”
“Which…if I am not mistaken, you are?” Dr. Franklin was grasping at straws and Philip did not look like he wanted to help.
“Yes, I’m a member.”
“So what’s the problem?” Dr. Franklin said exasperatedly. He felt himself in danger of losing his professional composure.
Philip sighed deeply.
“I’m also the Assistant Pastor for Youth.”


It was obvious that Spinoza’s had had a complete makeover. Gone was the tacky outdoor café with the striped lawn type chairs. In its place, still outdoors was some art deco furniture that looked like it belonged in a loft in New York’s Tribeca. Jason arrived a few minutes after one, grabbed a seat close to the restaurant entrance so that Philip would have no trouble seeing him. Although they both lived in the Greater Toronto Area, they saw each other only about four or five times a year. Not because they didn’t want to – on the contrary - but Jason was always hopping from one engineering job to another to try to help pay for his student loan. Whenever Philip’s school was on Spring Break and wanted to meet up, Jason was off to Nevada, Australia or Chile for an engineering contract. His last gig had been in Porgera in the Enga province of Papua New Guinea.

The two brothers were close but like the true men they were, they didn’t make a big deal about it. Jason was shocked when he found out whom Philip was marrying but knew that his brother had enough common sense for both of them; Jason was always the reckless one who got away with murder. If Philip liked Sarah and honestly thought he could have a life with her, who was he to stand in his way? He was very anxious when he heard Philip planning a trip to Africa but was too ashamed to admit it – after all, he was supposed to be educated and therefore unbiased. How could he say he was afraid that his brother wouldn’t come back from Africa alive? All these thoughts run through his head as he got to the door of the restaurant and was shown in by one of the receptionists.

A waiter approached his table and handed him the lunch menu. A quick glance told him he’d be wise to start with a soft drink.
“A tall crushed orange please, with ice.”
Just then, a weak looking Philip could be seen crossing the road towards Jason’s table on the sidewalk of Justice Street and College. Jason was stunned. What happened to his tall strapping brother? The one who’d played point guard for the University of Toronto’s varsity basketball team? He was just coming from a doctor’s office…something was definitely wrong.
Jason took a sip of his drink just as Philip got to his table. The brothers hugged, slapping each other on the back and looking at one another.
“So where have you been? Or better yet, how have you been?”
“Whoa chill…have a seat and let me get you something to drink,” Jason insisted. He called out to the same waiter who’d brought his drink and ordered the same one for Philip. And then he waited for an explanation from his only brother about why he looked the way he did. 
“So, how was Porgera?” Philip deflected the question in Jason’s eyes by focusing on his brother.
“Good. But I’m glad to be home to see you. Wassup bro?”
“Good, we’re good.”
Silence.
The waiter came back and they immediately placed an order for some Angel hair primavera, sausage and pepper penne with garlic bread. They sat looking at each and there was an uncomfortable silence.
Philip sighed.
“I have AIDS.” There, he’d said it.
The time-space continuum seemed to collide, as Jason’s drink fell out of his hand and spilled on the table, creating a puddle that was dangerously mixed with glass. He stared at Philip, pieces of broken glass still in his hands and drops of blood throbbing on the surface of fingers that had previously held a full glass of orange juice. 
“What?”
Philip looked away, a pained look replacing the earlier excited one he’d worn on seeing Jason.
“Phil? What are you saying?” Jason demanded.
“Exactly what I said. I have AIDS.”
“Why?”
“What kind of stupid question is that? I have AIDS because I contracted the virus from someone or someplace…”
“And?”
“It was a someone.” Philip added softly.
A long pause ensued, after which Philip took a long swig of his orange juice. He swallowed painfully and then continued.
“She’s in our church and it happened just once – I’d never cheated on Sarah before. By the way, she knows I have AIDS but we haven’t had a chance to talk about the whole thing since…I just got the news this morning.”
The food arrived and Philip lost no time digging into it. Jason sat stunned, still blown away by everything: his brother’s body, his brother’s illness and lastly, his brother’s attitude. What the hell was going on?
“Are you going to die?” he asked. Gosh, what a stupid question, he thought.
Philip chuckled.
“That would be sweet….considering the pain I’m already in, both physically and mentally not to count emotionally. I have no idea if Sarah would have changed the locks by the time I get home and I am facing the prospect of never having sex with my wife again. That seriously sucks…the sex I mean. Hey, let’s talk about you – where’s your next gig going to be?”

Jason was glad for the reprieve. Philip dying of AIDS was the worst possible news he could think of and at this moment, his new job was worth nothing…nothing to write home about.
“I may be going to Africa, Ghana actually/”
“Really?” Philip just about jumped from his chair. He looked so happy and excited and this helped Jason shake off the blues that had so cruelly descended upon him.
‘Yah, but I’m not sure I should go anymore…you’re not well Philip.”
“I know. But, if you stay, there is no guarantee I will get better. The doctor will start me on some antibiotics next week and then some steroids and the antiretrovirals. You know, not many people die from AIDS anymore. Hey, tell me about the job…will make me feel better.”
Jason sighed.
“Well, it’s with a Calgary based company called KM Gas. They’ve started drilling for oil in the Cape Three Points area near a place called Axim in the Western region of Ghana.”
“Very cool. Wow…and the pay?”
“I’m almost embarrassed Phil. It’s not like teaching where you change lives. I’m just going to be lining the pockets of already rich people. $150,000 just seems too much.”
“GET OUTTA HERE! $150,000? But you’re only - like…twelve!”
Both men began to laugh. Jason finally felt hungry and reached for the Penne, eating four forkfuls as Philip kept muttering the amount over and over again.  It was so good to see Philip happy even if it was for him.
“What will you do with all that money?” Philip wondered.
“Definitely paying off my student loan like pronto and then I’ll take a bloody long holiday to some far off island where the women haven’t seen men before!”
Philip looked pensive.
“Oh sorry Phil – I didn’t mean to be insensitive.”
Philip brushed it off. They continued eating, each one in his own daydream.
“Did you ever meet Sarah’s parents when they came over for our Canadian Wedding?”
“Yah I must have but I don’t remember what they look like…except they were black.” Gosh that sounded dumb too. Why was he uttering things that sounded so unintelligent?
“They’re very well connected in Ghana so you must make it a point to meet them. Auntie Maggie – Sarah’s mother – is one feisty woman. Talks a lot and seems really bossy but she does get things done and she’ll look after you. Her father’s a consummate gentleman and will try to wheedle you into discussing philosophical theories with you. And of course they have tons of maids and the driver – his name is Mensah and he has these darting eyes. I hear he’s just shy or something.”
“What is it really like in Ghana?” Jason wondered.
“Its hot bro – very hot, so get ready with the sunscreen. Everyone will want to be your friend and no one keeps to his or her time. There’s something they call African time…Ghanaians are good at keeping it…or not. Its hilarious actually because it makes us look so stressed in North America. In Ghana, when someone says they’ll meet you at eleven, they really mean they’ll get into the shower at eleven. It’s just not as big a deal to them so get a truckload of patience before you head out!”
They laughed at the observation.
“Remember when Mom got so mad because we were late by five minutes to pick her up from the airport when she last came to visit? She would split a blood vessel in Ghana by your account.”
“Ah yes…Mrs. Arthur Beck at her most frustrated best. When was the last time you spoke to her?” Philip asked
“Just last week. She sounded tired but then again, being in your sixties tends to do that to you. She’s joined a chess club actually – can you imagine?”
“Not really. Mom doesn’t come across as a Chess-y sort of person. Maybe when dad was alive but I sort of figured she’d be sewing quilts or something by now. Of course she still writes for Readers Digest. Amazing how her jokes for “Laughter the Best Medicine’ are hilarious but she is so-not-funny in real life.”
Jason nodded in agreement. 
“So exactly what will you be doing in Ghana?”
“Not sure exactly but since they seemed impressed by my engineering degree and all the experience with Stanrick and Australian Petroleum Company, I would hazard a guess that it’s in the engineering aspect of petroleum drilling. I’m supposed to liaise with the government and make sure that the needs of the locals are met while ensuring that the work goes according to schedule. No doubt my project management experience will be put to good use.”
Philip took a sip of his orange juice and smiled.
“I’m so proud of you bud…seriously, I am. It’s like you got out of school just yesterday and look how far you’ve come. Very soon you’re gonna have to start thinking of settling down you know?”
“Not for me Phil – we leave the responsible ones like you to do that part for us. Hey, are you and Sarah still trying for a baby?”
“Were. I’m not sure what will happen now with the diagnosis I just had. I can’t imagine she’d want me in bed with her so yeah…not sure what we’re going to do next. Life seriously sucks sometimes.”
They both pondered that thought until the waiter came to their table to clear it. He asked if they wanted to order something from the dessert menu but they both declined. Philip asked for the bill and while the waiter went back to get it, he got up, reached into his pocket and took out his wallet. As he removed three twenty-dollar bills, a stamp fell out. Jason caught it just in time.
“Hey, this your latest baby?”
Philip reached to grab it.
“Give it back!”
“Make me!”
And for a good minute or so, the two grown men were transported back to a childhood where they’d fight over stamps lying around the house, in the street, in the school office, at MacDonald’s, anywhere. Philip looked exhausted by the playful episode so Jason didn’t drag it.
“Seriously Phil, where did you get this?”
Phil held it up to the light, cluck clucking with joy the whole time like a mother hen. Then he passed it to Jason to take a look.
“I met this girl – 
Jason chuckled.
“ – nothing sexual about it – I taught her in Grade 12. She’d immigrated from Kosovo not long after Slobodan Milosevic ran his armies into it from Serbia and along with her family’s possessions was a wooden box containing stamps her grandfather had been collecting. Well she did so well in the course and at parent teacher interviews, her mother asked what she could give me in thanks – you know how it is. I asked if I could just take a look at the grandfather’s stamps – I’d heard so much about them - and she said why of course – not a big deal. So one day after school, she brought them in. As you can imagine, I was a basket case just at the sight of them. Many dated back to the 1900’s and there were a few from the late 1800’s. She asked me to take one. I refused…ever so weakly, but she insisted and because I didn’t want her to think I knew which was valuable and which was not, I just closed my eyes and picked this one!”
“And have you had it valued?” Jason asked
“Of course not. I’m waiting a while and savoring that moment when I will find out. In the meantime, give it back to me!”
“See why I should have been a teacher? No one at a mining site tells me to pick a stamp from a collection. Life just sucks!”

Philip paid the waiter and the two men walked out towards Union station. It was almost rush hour and several Transit buses were lined up outside the terminal. 
“So when do you leave for Ghana?”
“In two weeks. I’m flying the new Delta route from New York. Apparently less mind numbing than flying KLM through Amsterdam where I hear there’s a killer seven hour layover.”
“Lets have lunch again next week?”
“Yeah, sure. And it will be my treat. After all I’m the Onassis of the family now aren’t I?”
Philip laughed and slapped his brother on the back as they walked towards the bus terminal. They waited in line till the Oakville GO bus arrived. Jason waved to his brother as Philip slowly climbed onto the bus. He made sure he sat next to the window and made stupid faces at Jason until the bus pulled out of the terminal. Just like when they were children.

For what seemed like an hour after the bus left, Jason sat silently at the bus terminal while everything seemed to move like slow motion around him. This job was likely to get him out of debt far quicker than anything he could dream of – well, except the lottery - and yet, it would take him away from his one best friend. Oh sure, he had other friends but none shared his passion for stamps. And as if that wasn’t enough to warrant ‘BFF status for males’, they both liked many of the same things and laughed at the same things. Many a school holiday had been spent scheming to rid themselves of their sisters or to swindle their mother out of more pocket money. Each time, Jason had known that Philip had his back and vice versa. For the first time in a long time, Jason had absolutely no clue as to how to deal with this new problem…Philip’s condition. So while he was loath to go, when it came down to it, it was probably easier for him to go. What could he do by staying anyway?
Chapter 4
June 26, Toronto

Sarah sighed as she watched the CBC television coverage of the G20 summit. The evening temperature had dropped to a chilly two degrees Celsius and she rushed around her small kitchen, trying to cook something delicious yet healthy for Philip. Since the episode at the doctor’s office, they had avoided lengthy conversations, choosing instead to invite friends over to cover the void that was screaming to be filled.  Philip was animated whenever someone came over but especially now, with something to hide, it became especially imperative that they be seen to be even more charming, even more put together, even more accessible; the perfect couple, Sarah’s friend Jane had called them. This evening was their most boisterous so far in the past few weeks despite the fact that there was only one extra person in the tiny one-bedroom condominium. Aunty Ceci had arrived.

Aunty Ceci sat on the futon with her arms flailing and her voice rising with every sentence that came out of her full African lips. Sarah sat across from her, too shocked to respond to everything Aunty Ceci said.
“So Aunty, tell me why you are considering moving to Toronto.”
“Haven’t you heard enough? Didn’t I tell you of the numerous times I’ve been held at gunpoint by those crazy area boys? Aunty Ceci said vehemently. She shifted slightly and pulled her leopard print wraparound skirt around her legs.
“Yes, I’ve heard Aunty”, Sarah soothingly responded. “But you have a business in Lagos, Uncle Ola and the girls are in Lagos and that’s all you’ve ever known in your adult life. Besides you’re in your fifties and I’m just worried that you’ll be disappointed with all that you have to go through as a new immigrant in Canada.”
Aunty Ceci sucked in her teeth and gave her the look…as if Sarah was too young to know any better - and in her strong Nigerian accent:
“Said like a child Sarah! Tell me what you would do if this happened to you; you’re coming home from work, it’s been a long day and you are slumped over in the backseat of your Volvo, driven by your driver…lets call him Salifu. You get to Madobo Street, a usually decent street that sees a bit of traffic during rush hour but this time….this time…the cars aren’t moving at all. As the honking around you increases, you lift your head slightly to see if anything around you will give an indication of why you’re stuck, only to hear a shattering noise as pieces of your window are scattered in your direction with the force of something that feels like an earthquake. You shudder in fear, screaming out the driver’s name as you fall face flat as far down as you can go in the car. Glass tears into your back as the assassins continue smashing the window in, yelling out obscenities and dragging your handbag – and it seems your arm – out of the car. You no longer feel like there is a voice in you and realize this is one of those armed robbery attacks you keep hearing on JOY FM…you know…those ones that seem to happen to other people. Oddly enough, you hear no other noise around you, just the assassins, hissing and snarling like snakes that have lost their way. But…But…you remember seeing other cars. Where are they all?”
“Yes, where were they all? Didn’t anyone help?” Sarah whispered.
“And risk their lives?” Aunty Ceci asked incredulously.
“Well…then…how about 911…the police?” Sarah sheepishly added.
Aunty Ceci’s laughter rang throughout the apartment, causing her to convulse on the pull out futon that her ample behind had almost taken over. It took her a full three minutes to regain her composure and with tears streaming down her face while she continued to shake with laughter, she ran as fast as her legs would go to the washroom.
“I dey disgrace myself ohhh…look, make you no make me laugh like so ohhhhhh!”, she said from the washroom. “911? The police? Obviously you’ve been gone from Africa…the worst part mind you…for way too long. There are lots of good parts, infact more than the bad but you know how it is when one bad thing happens to you? Makes it look like the whole thing is bad no? The police won’t come. Infact, they’ll tell you to call them back when the robbers are gone….they don’t want to lose their lives and the guns they have access to, were bought at Independence from the British…in the 1960’s. The robbers on the other hand have guns shipped from America or Russia literally yesterday. These days, even Al Qaeda is looking for help so they will give you some weapons too if you can speak Arabic. If you were the police, would you answer such a call especially as you officially make less than fifty dollars a month?”

Sarah sat still on the sofa, looking very pensive.

Suddenly sounding like she’d had a brainwave, she shouted across the hallway to Aunty Ceci who was now wiping her face of the laughter tears, adjusting her long print wrap around skirt and walking back towards the living room.
“But Aunty, how have you been able to survive this long? Didn’t you know it was like that when you got married to Uncle Ola and left Ghana for Nigeria?”
“Well, it wasn’t always like that you know? It seemed bad then but now, its unbearable and anyone who can, is trying to get out. With the money we’ve made from our businesses, we can apply for the business immigrant category, invest the half a million dollars required in some kind of business here and try to live lives devoid of strangulation and armed robbery!”
“Are you sure?”
“Of course I’m sure. Listen; when you’ve lived as long as I have, you no longer sit there waiting for things to happen to you. You make them happen you hear? You know…its funny…”
She paused
“Yes…what’s funny?” Sarah prompted
“Well, in all of this, the scariest thing for me is that Kehinde and Abeni won’t find African men to marry. What am I talking about – look at you …you’re happy…right?”

Sarah shifted uncomfortably.

“… look how well your lives have turned out. I’m so afraid they’ll have to marry people who are different from us…who won’t understand where we come from.”
“And what’s wrong with that Aunty Ceci?”
“Well, I know your situation is different. You found a white man who loves you so much, he is learning your language, he tries his best to eat your kind of food…mind you, I’m sure he’s sick of that thing that looks like worms eh?”
She laughed at her own joke.
“You mean spaghetti?” Sarah asked with a giggle.
“Stop using big words! You know what I mean. I just want them to be happy but when you are from different places…ahhh….it can create problems ohhhh?”
Sarah smiled at her Aunt who was genuinely concerned for her daughters. 
“But Aunty, you married Uncle Ola didn’t you? And if I remember the gossip well…you ended up running away from home to marry him because when his family came to present the kola nuts for the traditional pre-marriage ceremony, Grandpa and Grandma refused to meet them because they couldn’t stand the thought of you marrying a Nigerian.”
“Yes but…”
“Yes but what?” Sarah pushed. 
Aunty began to laugh softly.
“I know… I know. Isn’t funny how easily we show our bias? It’s as if we stereotype because we were stereotyped isn’t it? I remember all the cruel things that were said about Ola – how he’d leave me, how he was likely to have armed robbers for relatives and how tight with money he was likely to be. Amazing that none of that seemed to matter to me and now look at us…twenty years and still going strong.”
“So what’s the next step then?”
“First I’ve got to let your Uncle Ola know that Canada isn’t that cold – he’s heard all these stories about it being so cold that people’s tongues stick to windows and such!”
 
They laughed and hugged as only relatives who love each other do. Aunty Ceci was of medium height and as she got up from the futon to go to the kitchen, Sarah marveled at how genes get carried from one generation to the next. Her grandma Ama Adobea was also of medium height and her two children – Sarah’s mother Margaret and her Aunty Ceci had the trademark large nose and a full head of thick black hair coupled with the requisite full body. Sarah consciously looked down at her own frame, wondering if the age-old adage was true: that you become your mother when you grow old. That wouldn’t be such a bad idea actually since Margaret looked good for her age and if you didn’t know it, you’d think Aunty Ceci was older than her much older sister. She smiled at the thought. No sagging breasts and loose skin for her…she’d do all she could to keep her body fine and firm.  She got up abruptly and went to the medicine cabinet in her bathroom. She shoved one bottle here, another there, until she found what she was looking for. Lately, she’d been having these incredible headaches coupled with a hot feeling all around her face. Her first thought was that she was having hot flushes and then she perished the thought. Women in their thirties didn’t have hot flushes. Maybe it was just pseudo pregnancy blues and if she had anything to do with it, she was going to hold off on another fertility treatment for a long long time. She’d meant to talk to Philip about that but of course, events had overtaken them and there seemed to be nothing to talk about. She found an Advil container and popped two in her mouth. As she walked out of the bathroom, she bumped into Philip who’d just walked in. They both said sorry and brushed past each other.

Aunty Ceci quickly averted her gaze as Sarah struggled to find something to do with her body and her hands. She knew Aunty Ceci had noticed everything that had happened in the last two minutes. 


Maggie called Ceci’s Nigerian cell phone number and had to leave a message; she was probably turning off her phone since she’d be charged for cell phone roaming while in Canada. She tried the Holiday Inn in Mississauga where her sister was staying for her two-week immigration fact-finding trip to Canada.
“Hello?” said a white voice. Must be the receptionist at the Front Desk.
Margaret put on her best British accent.
“Yes, Hallo. I was wondering if you could put me through to Rm 202…Cecilia Akinyemi, spelled A-K-I-N-Y-E-M-I.”
“Please hold.”
She did and the front desk put her through to Ceci’s room. After the sixth ring, just as she was about to hang up, Ceci took the call.
“Hello?”
Margaret reverted to her Ghanaian accented English with all its ooms, aahs, ei’s and ohhh’s.
“Ei, what are you doing that you can’t pick up your phone eh?”
“I was in the bathroom. These days, when I laugh small, things start coming out of me,” Ceci replied laughing.
“Hmmm….ei, call me back ohhh, I don’t have money to be calling you long distance in the white man’s land. You’re the one spending dollars there so call me right back. I have something serious to discuss with you.” 
Maggie hung up without waiting for Ceci’s response.

Aunty Ceci took out her fat phone book and as she opened the pages, a dozen and one loose pages came undone along with a pen, a hairpin, some receipts from the African Caribbean grocery store and a toothpick. She sucked in her teeth in exasperation, ignored the errant items and proceeded to dial the number on her phone. As she did so, she recited the number loudly, like someone else needed to hear to whom she was making the call.
“011 233 245 987 3254”
And then she waited.
“Hello?”
A voice on the other end came on, excited.
“Ceci?”
“Yes, it’s me. So how are you Maggie?”
“We’re good ohhh…everyone is fine. You know, the rains have been very bad this year…they’ve hardly fallen so yams and plantains are very expensive now.”
“Ahhhh…this is why I want to move to Canada and you don’t agree eh? See – here, food prices don’t go up or down just because it snowed too much or it didn’t snow at all. Here, there is something called taxes and that’s what makes food prices go up!”
“Shut your big mouth you impudent child.” Maggie joked.
“Ok, I’ll shut up…but you are the one who said I should call to discuss something with you. I have some news… that’s why I’m glad you called. But if you’re going to do paa paa, then I will hang up. I have plenty of important things to do with my time ohhhh!”

They bantered back and forth like this but it was typical. The two sisters, despite being four years apart had so much in common and still genuinely enjoyed each other’s company. They spoke every couple of days when Ceci was in Nigeria but since coming to Canada to spend the summer scouting around for immigration opportunities, their conversations had had to be more spaced apart. Coupled with the bad phone lines in Ghana, conversations about important topics tended to be relegated to a time when Maggie would be in an office and could rely on the stability of the Ghanaian landlines. 
“So, you have news for me?” Maggie inquired.
“I don’t know if you want to hear it ohhh.”
“Why wouldn’t I want to hear it?” Maggie asked apprehensively.
“Well, how shall I put this…it seems something is wrong in Sarah and Philip’s marriage.” Ceci said cautiously.
“Wrong? In the marriage? What do you think it is? Is it because of the baby they can’t have? Or is one of them having an affair?”
“I don’t know.” Ceci said softly.
“What do you mean you don’t know? Find out so we can help them!” Maggie  pressed.
“But what if they don’t want our help eh?”
“What kind of foolish talk is that? How can they not want our help? Have you forgotten where we come from? We gave them our blessing for their marriage and this means we are part of it. If something goes wrong inside the marriage, it is our duty to help them fix it.”
There was silence as Ceci tried to digest what her older sister was saying.
“I understand what you are saying but Maggie, you have to realize it’s not the same thing as if Sarah had married a Ghanaian. Have you forgotten that Philip is white?”
“And what does that have to do with anything? Have you seen him eat fufu with his fingers? Have you seen him wear traditional cloth, wrapping it around his loins as if he is going to sit in front of a set of talking drums? Have you seen him greet elders? My sister… that man may look white on the outside but I tell you his soul is African. And I explained to him very strongly, at the wedding, that this is how Africans are. We will be in your business now that you are family so this way of keeping to oneself…what do they call it in the West – individualism – that is practiced so religiously where he comes from will not fly with us.”
Another big sigh from Ceci who felt that she was losing the battle.
“Then let us give them some time first ok? Something has definitely happened that they are dealing with, so we have to give them the space. Hopefully, they will have the courage to share and then we can help”.
“I’m booking a flight to Toronto,” Margaret declared to her sister’s astonishment.
“You’re booking a flight where?”
“You heard me. I said I’m coming over there. You’ve only been there a week and listen to you! All your normal sensibilities have flown out the window…I’m going to have to come and give you some – you’ve lost all of yours!”
Ceci gave up and decided to talk about something else.
“Maggie, guess what?”
“You’re trying to change the subject aren’t you? Doesn’t matter, tell me what’s on your mind.”
“I went to watch something called ice hockey,” Ceci said laughingly.
“Yes I know hockey…but since when did they start playing it on ice?”
“I have no idea but it seems it’s very popular here and even very little children wake up at five in the morning to go and practice eh?”
“Heaven help them – they have so much food to eat and clothes to wear that they have to wake up that early to go and slide on ice?”
Ceci laughed so hard she started convulsing, tears coursing down her face.
“Philip is a coach for one of those teams so we went to watch a championship game. That man is really good with children eh?”
Maggie grunted.
“That’s why we have to step in. A man that good cannot be left alone. Sarah needs to be reminded how to treat a man well and her mother is just the right person to do that reminding. Expect me by the end of the month!”
With that, she hung up.

The tall stately gait belonged to that woman with the chemically treated hair, the one who spoke English like a white woman and who came to the Ghanaian village of KwasiKrom only at Festival Time. It was the second week of May and this being the feast of yams, she had come from the capital city of Accra to donate a truckload of yams to the villagers and for the many who did not know her, she smiled even more broadly, acknowledging their blessings but refusing to answer their questions.
“God bless you my daughter. Which house do you come from”?
“May your womb be forever fertile, O daughter of KwasiKrom. Who is your father?”
“Has the God of Plenty visited us through you, O blessed one? If so, tell us your ancestral home so we may pay our respects”.

She never succumbed to the questioning, however subtle. All she did all day, for the full week of the festival was smile, nod politely, ask after members of the family whom she happened to be giving the yams to and then in the evening, she would be driven another twenty miles to her secluded second home, away from prying eyes. This lone building on the outskirts of Kwasikrom had little else in sight except for six feet tall anthills, tall and majestic but dangerous inside; she identified with these structures. She would curl up on her raffia mat, in the corner of the only room, mid size and square shaped with only one window, listening to night time sounds outside her window, especially the chirping of grasshoppers somewhere in the bedroom. Every so often, she would feel a small gecko run across her foot but because the bedroom was just mildly illuminated by a kerosene lantern, she could never see the gecko before it tickled her. The door was slightly ajar, allowing a cool breeze to periodically touch her cloth, which was loosely tied at the waist and extended to her ankles.

Only her driver, asleep in the outhouse, knew she was here. Only he knew her story. And like a suicide bomber, intent on following instructions because of a bigger prize in the hereafter, he kept everything hidden in his head. 
“Onua!” she called out to him. Onua meant friend.
“Yes Madam”.
He came in running, as if for his life. She motioned for him to sit down and once he’d done so, she stood up. Someone had told her, that one of the ways of putting fear in a suspected opponent was to look at him from a higher vantage point. She added to this information, the need to circle him as she spoke. She could tell that this had the added effect of unnerving him.  She slowly began, in measured tones to tell him a story.

“One day the lion, the wolf and the fox went out hunting together. They caught a wild ass, a gazelle and a hare. The lion spoke to the wolf,  ‘Mr. Wolf, you may divide the venison for us today’. The wolf said, ‘I would have thought it best, Sire, that you should have the ass and my friend the fox should take the hare; as for me, I shall be content to take only the gazelle’. On hearing this, the lion was furious. He raised his mighty paw and struck the wolf on the head. The wolf's skull was cracked, so he died. Whereupon the lion spoke to the fox, ‘Now you may try and divide our meal better’.  The fox spoke solemnly, ‘The ass will be your dinner, Sire and the gazelle will be your Majesty's supper. Your majesty will then have the hare for your breakfast tomorrow morning’.  Surprised, the lion asked him, ‘And nothing for you? Tell me, when did you learn so much wisdom?’ The fox smiled slyly, pausing to better enunciate his response to the lion. ‘When I heard the wolf's skull cracking’.” 

The woman let the words sink in and then with a haughty flick of her hand, she dismissed the frightened man from her dimly lit room. The sound of his very fast footsteps slowly faded and was replaced by the thick night air. 

She sighed meaningfully. Calling him ‘onua’, the twi word for ‘friend’ was to make him feel comfortable. He was too important to do away with. And yet he was too dangerous to keep close without establishing her superiority over him. The woman had a lot of thinking to do and what better place, away from her own family, than a remote village, three hours from Accra where the biggest tourist attraction was a forested prayer camp? Here, lepers, the paralyzed, the insane, blind, deaf and mute mingled with those filled with demonic spirits. The woman was none of these but for this, her very important cause, she could be. 

She could fit right in.
CHAPTER 5

The Ghanaian city of Takoradi is officially known as the twin city Sekondi- Takoradi, and is located in the Western Region of Ghana. Oral traditional history tells of the first settlers being Fantis who originally came from Kromantsin, near Saltpond. They initially arrived first at Adjua, which is 20 km west of the present city of Takoradi to carry out their fishing business but found that the strong tides made their settlements unsafe. They therefore decided to resettle and moved to Amanful and the area around the Ayire estuary as well as the present Takoradi Harbour area.

Much of the history of Ghana’s West Coast is about heroes, conquerors and conquests. European traders arrived in the 15th century and the area that covers the present day Takoradi metropolis and the entire southeastern part of the Western Region was a scene of immense trade between the Europeans and the settlers. The Portuguese prince, Henry the Navigator, had provided the money and resources to allow the Portuguese to land on Ghana’s shores in the 15th century. Between the 16th and 18th century, the Portuguese, Dutch, Swedes, British and Brandenburg-Prussians scrambled for control of the trade in gold, ivory, spices and slaves. Most prominent along the coast of the Western Region therefore, are European vestiges from the 16th to 18th century occupation including six European-built forts: San Antonio in 1515, Batenstein in 1656, Gross Frederichsburg in 1683, Dorothea in 1687 and now in ruins, Metal Cross in 1692 and Apollonia in 1768. During the second half of the 17th century there was an increase in the slave trade, especially in areas such as Elmina and Cape Coast. In Takoradi however, there was an increase in the trade of gold. The Dutch traders settled at Sekondi with the consent of the local chief around the year 1640 and at Butre in 1644, where they built Fort Orange. By 1872, nearly all Dutch possessions had been sold to the British. Frederick William, King of Prussia made attempts to establish trade and to colonize the area. He built a castle called Taccarary and this name later became known as Takoradi by the local peoples.

At the beginning of the 20th century a wharf was built at Sekondi to mark a significant industrial and commercial leap. The building of the wharf attracted a lot of foreigners to Sekondi and it gradually became known as European Town. To this day, many families in European town can trace their descendants back to European traders and they take pride in this. Around that same period, the railway was constructed to link Sekondi with the gold mines at Tarkwa and Obuasi as well as the bustling commercial city of Kumasi, beginning a period of marked development in Sekondi. Not to be outdone, a new and modern Harbour was built at Takoradi in 1927 and this resulted in a loss of commercial activity for Sekondi. Most telling was the removal of the main shopping center from Sekondi to Takoradi and a rapid period of urbanization began in Takoradi as new houses were built. Since all this activity took place several years before Independence, it was not unusual at all that European administrators settled at such attractive areas as the Beach Road and Windy Ridge neighbourhoods; infact this was the norm. 

Over the years, with the construction of the railway line connecting Takoradi to the hinterland, all commercial activities at Sekondi gradually ceased leaving certain areas looking like ghost towns. The Ghana government in 1969 issued what they called “The Aliens Compliance Order of 1969’ requiring all foreign traders to leave the country. Those left behind were the fisherman since the coastal location made it easier to eek a living. It was now very obvious that Takoradi had surpassed its neighbour Sekondi in commercial and economic importance and in 1956, the authorities voted to include it in the Town Council as the twin-city of Sekondi-Takoradi.

KM Gas, an upstart Canadian company first came to Ghana in 1999, making some initial contact with the ruling National Democratic Congress. Nothing much happened in those meetings except to alert the Canadians to the hostility that awaited them if they wanted to do business with that government. Unusual on the African continent, is the concept of democratically elected leaders who gracefully exit when their mandatory maximum of 8 years comes up. Rawlings, a military leader who had forcefully taken over the reigns of government in the late seventies, surprised everyone by handing over peacefully to the National Patriotic Party when his party, with a new leader, lost the election. KM Gas visited Ghana again and this time, found a willing ear in FlagStaff House - at the time, the offices of the Government of Ghana. Slowly, they started working through the process of getting permits, hiring consultants and setting up feasibility studies. By 2008, they were firmly established in the city of Takoradi with a large office space just off Market Circle in the center of the city. Three stories high with pink stucco, the building stood out among the grey and dark brown bricks around the circle. Everyone in Takoradi knew KM Gas and it was not unusual to find children waiting outside their offices to murmur greetings to visiting executives or those semi-permanently stationed there. Oftentimes, these visitors would ask the children why they were not in school.
“We have to help our parents sell things in the market”, they’d reply without an ounce of regret in their voices.
“Well, when you are done, do you get to swim in the ocean?”
The children would laugh at these white men who seemed to love the water so much. For them, the sea would always be there – what was the point of spending all the time at the beach? This is because children in Takoradi are never taught to swim, they just know how to swim and along with this recreational sport – its difficult for Ghanaians to see this as anything but recreational – coconut tree climbing is also popular. Dotted along the coastline, as if planned, are huge coconut trees that stand majestically at attention, swaying and waving their branches in the wind. One can almost hear them whisper words of beckoning if one were to stop and listen.

It was to this metropolis, bustling with life, history and much poverty that Jason Arthur- Beck had been posted and on this typical sunny morning with temperatures hitting thirty-five degrees Celsius, Jason walked gingerly up the flight of stairs leading to the offices of KM Gas. With the humidity, Takoradi felt easily like it was forty-five degrees. He was glad to be wearing a short-sleeved shirt and light khaki’s; how the locals endured this heat boggled his mind. Only one month here and he was sure he’d lost more weight just by being alive in this sweltering heat than he’d have lost in Canada on the treadmill for a week!
“Hello Sir,” murmured the caretaker of the three-story building.
‘Good morning Kwame – how are you?”
“Please I am very fine thank you.”
Since Jason arrived in Ghana just last month, he couldn’t get over the ultra-polite attitude of the typical Ghanaian. Every sentence seemed to be preceded by ‘please’ and he was greeted at every turn. He could almost bet that Kwame had swept through the meager office space Jason had, dusting every crevice and making sure there was a pot of Earl Grey Tea on his table. He could almost get used to this – the servants, the politeness, the respect – even if it was bought…

“Please Sir, some man come look for you – he say he be your old friend,” Kwame continued in Pidgin English - the local English variation that was mostly spoken by those with little schooling or those with so much schooling that speaking pidgin English became oddly cool. 

That was descriptive, Jason thought. Every Ghanaian he’d met would call him his friend so that definitely made it difficult to narrow this friend down. He wondered if he should continue to engage Kwame in conversation since he was beginning to get used to this Pidgin English.
“Thank you – I will be in my office trying to get some work done before leaving for the Oil Rig so should anyone come by, please let them know I am busy. I don’t want to be disturbed.”
“Yes Sir!”
Kwame saluted and walked off to resume his position in front of the gate. He was an average sized man who had obviously seen better days. His hair was partially grey and yet his limbs were very strong. Before getting this job with KM Gas, he had labored with several other men on the construction sites that had sprung up around Takoradi when the oil find was announced at the turn of the millennium. They worked for minimum pay but compared to the fishing industry, this was far more reliable and for Christmas of 2003, for the first time in an incredibly long time – actually since 1962 - Kwame and his family had had chicken for the Christmas meal. He wasn’t about to complain. Out in the courtyard, he looked up to see Jason opening the louvers to let in some fresh air through the mosquito netting lining his window.
“ These white people paa…how hot is it kraa?” he murmured softly to himself while smiling.

Jason couldn’t believe how hot it still felt in his office despite the air conditioner blasting off at maximum. He checked his desk, seemingly looking for a particular letter. After three minutes or so of shuffling, he gave up, sat on his chair and reached for his hot cup of tea. Why he was drinking hot tea in this sweltering heat, he had no idea. All he knew was that for the past month, he had tried so hard to get used to his new environment and any chance he got to get a taste of Canada, he grabbed it with both hands.

He cupped his mug, staring straight ahead towards the door. KM Gas was based in Calgary, drilling oil in the area unpopularly or popularly – depending on your perspective – referred to as the oil sands in Northern Alberta. Although he’d been born in Ontario, his degree in Engineering from Queens University in Kingston assured him of numerous opportunities, in Canada and worldwide. After graduation, he had worked with Stanrick Gold in Toronto, traveling to some of their sites in Elko, Nevada and Veladero in Argentina and countless other sites all over the world. He had enjoyed the travel, not the work and when the trips extended for more than two weeks, he had missed hockey, hot dog stands and the interminable discussion of whether Quebec would cease to be part of Canada or not. He had avidly watched the 2010 Winter Olympic Hockey Finals between Canada and the USA from his hotel room in Porgera, Papua New Guinea. Alone and bored in a mine site that was far removed from the capital of Port Moresby, Jason wondered what had brought him so far away to Papua New Guinea, way out in the South Pacific and millions of miles away from anyone; his student loan, that was what. Queens Engineering was not cheap and since he’d been a lazy oaf all through university, he had maxed out on his student loan from The Bay Bank, every year of his four years in University. This amounted to approximately sixty thousand dollars that had to be paid back at an astonishing interest rate of eleven percent. This was his sixth year out of school and he had barely paid half of it.  Of course he could have paid it off earlier if he could curb his tastes and desires – in women, cars, alcohol and stamps. The latter was a secret hobby no one but his brother Philip knew about. Currently, he had in his collection, a stamp from 1950, printed by the South African apartheid government of Daniel Malan just after the Population Registration Act was legislated in 1950. Much as it disgusted him each time he looked at the picture of a white male holding a cross in one hand and a whip in another, standing on a map of South Africa, he hoped that several years from now, people would be shocked that such thinking was allowed to run unchecked for at least two generations.
Brrrrrr!
The ringing phone interrupted his reverie. He reached into his shirt pocket to dig out his iphone.
“Hello, Jason Arthur-Beck here.”
“Jason my friend, how are you?”
Had to be a Ghanaian – he was being referred to as ‘friend’. Well…the accent too.
“I’m very well – may I ask who is speaking?” 
“It’s your friend John Quayson from the district surveyors office”
“Oh Mr. Quayson, forgive me – it’s a very hot day!”
“Yes I know, I know, especially for you white people. I have been waiting to hear back from you regarding the site plans for the proposed building. Do you have it?”
Jason paused, not quite sure how to continue. Quayson wanted to be bribed. Jason didn’t have any moral qualms about the bribe part, he just didn’t want Quayson to get money that easily, without doing anything but sit at his colonial era desk yelling at his subordinates. He’d seen some of the poverty around him and wished he could avoid paying bribes and instead use the money to develop the communities in which KM.
‘Ah yes,” he continued. “I am still waiting to hear from my boss – he has returned to Calgary for an important meeting and will not be back for a couple of weeks.”
He scratched his forehead nervously. Just buying time, that’s what he was doing.
“Oh okay, we are here to do your bidding so just let us know when you are ready okay?”
Jason put the phone down and got down to clear some of the paper on his desk. He had to be at the Military Airbase before 2 PM so there was no time for dilly-dallying.

By midday, he was sufficiently pleased with his work and bundled a wad of papers into his briefcase. He skipped down the stairs – 2 at a time – like a bridegroom late for his wedding - and jumped into his Honda Civic. He zipped through the traffic arriving at the main roundabout that would lead in different directions to the Beach Road and the former Princess Theater, Windy Ridge and Accra. He made his way to Apremudo where the military base was located and after a few quick questions to the soldiers of the 2nd battalion, he was led to the helicopter that would take him to the Freedom Oil Rig.

The trip took less than an hour and Jason found it exhilarating. The noise level was excruciating so he had large ear muffs but he was fascinated by the scenery beneath him; vegetation that seemed to stretch for miles in one direction, blue, sparkling ocean that did stretch for miles and a very crowded city on the verge of exploding – population wise - in the aftermath of this oil find. Beside him in the helicopter, apart from the pilot was a Blow-out Specialist who was going to replace the one already on the rig who had come down with a serious flu. It was inconvenient to chat in the copter so neither man tried. 

They landed on the rig platform and handed the earmuffs back to the pilot. Holding their bags, they made their way, on a ladder, to a lower deck. Chris, the Blow-Out Specialist was American, from Louisiana and he regaled Jason with stories about rig life as they made their way together to the bunkrooms; this was his third rig job after stints in Alaska and in the Gulf of Mexico. Jason’s room was not much bigger than his childhood room and since he was only going to be there for two nights, he stopped his mind from making unfair comparisons. He was here to see the work going on at this rig and bring that information to bear on KM’s plans for their own rig. 

By dinner time, he knew where the recreation room was, had seen the distillers for turning salt water into water that could be used for everything but drinking – unless in an emergency – and had been fascinated by the map of the sea floor that the Offshore Installation Manager, a burly man called Jack had shown him. Jack was in the group of workers known as essential personnel; these were the men who would be last to leave the rig in case of an emergency. His job was to make the essential decisions regarding the operation of the platform and so he was the ultimate authority during his shift. The offshore operations engineer, a well-built Latino man from Arizona was the Offshore operations engineer and he walked Jason through the process of drilling, showing him the pipes that lead from the rig into the sea bed and explaining the drilling mechanism that was controlled by state of the art computers in the control room. It was Chris the Blow Out Specialist’s job to ensure that the oil didn’t come out too fast; this was obviously critical and in light of all the previous disasters – especially in recent memory – Jason was relieved that Chris knew what his job entailed. 

The following morning, Jason woke early to wait on the platform as the crew boat brought some workers in from ashore. The air hugger swung precariously at the side of the rig but the men didn’t seem to be afraid. Slowly, one by one, they jumped out of the basket and proceeded to their various workstations. A bemused Jason turned to Jack to explain something he thought was unusual.’
“You have Chinese workers?
“Yes, a few. Why do you ask?”
“Well, isn’t this an American operation?” Jason queried.
“Yes, I guess so but you’re not American either, are you?”
They both laughed easily.
“I guess Freedom is a sort of International Oil Rig, sort of like the International Space Station. We are trying to collaborate with everyone in the spirit of glasnost…”
“So where are the Russians then?”
“They’re coming bruv…they’re coming. Hey, get into your work clothes – we plan to get you dirty today before we release you back into the wild.”
The two men laughed raucously as Jack slapped Jason on the back and the two men proceeded down the ladder to the lower platform. A shrill siren blew as they walked through the double doors leading to the kitchen. Jason instinctively flinched and turned to Jack who with a wry smile, explained.
“That’s the last call for the boat leaving the rig. It won’t return for another two days so if someone needs to be on shore, this is the time to dive into it otherwise, adios amigos!”. 
“How long is your shift then?”
“Maximum of three weeks but it’s okay…you get used to it after a while.”
“Do you have family…you know, back home in the States?”
“Spanish Inquisition? Yes, I do – well sort of – a girlfriend. She’s flying to Ghana at the end of the month and we plan to spend some time together for a week or so. Its all good…”
Jason nodded and smiled. It was definitely a tough job on this rig – the storms, the feeling of dangling in the middle of the ocean, the backbreaking and mind taxing work. There had to be a payoff – a large one, to make this worthwhile. For the umpteenth time since taking up this new position, Jason was reminded that this was the reason why oil was called black gold. 
It was that precious.

Jason shoved the stack of papers behind the picture of the Maple Leaf in its cheap Walmart Store frame. Just three days away and paper had piled on his desk like another layer. He had come back exhausted but so enlightened, stayed up all night writing up his report and then early in the morning, had felt compelled to start another one on the environmental impacts of oil drilling. By the time he reached the office, his windows were already flung open and the door was open. Suspicious because he had not sent advance notice to Kwame, he walked carefully into the room, wary and yet feeling stupid for feeling wary. Who would want to do him harm anyway?
He had nothing to fear – there was no one in the office except for a friendly wall gecko that kept bobbing its head up and down. Feeling like he’d done enough work for the day already – he’d woke up at 2 am - , he picked up his handset and dialed a number.
“Hello?”
“Can I speak to Gerry?”
He took another sip of his still hot tea and stood up to look outside at the bustling Market Circle just two storeys below him.
“Hey bud.”
“Hey wassup?”
“Not much, just needing to crush some brews this weekend. You up for a trip westward?”
“Yah, crushing brews anytime but westward where?”
“I hear there’s this place called Busua Akwaaba Beach about half an hour from Takoradi. It’ll take you just another hour and a half to get here from Elmina after the rush hour has died down and then we can take a leisurely ride to the resort. I seriously need a break from the heat and I hear there are some hot girls there.”
“African hot or like white man hot?”
“You mean big butts or no butts? I have no idea!”
The two men laughed loudly. Jason knew Gerry was into big butt hot – he’d been privy to some of the salacious gossip that was traveling round the expatriate community in and around the capital city of Accra as well as Takoradi. Gerry was Canadian and in Ghana on a CRIDA funded project, monitoring schooling for girls as the country tried desperately to reach the Millennium Development goals set forth by the UN General Assembly at the turn of the millennium. He’d been in Ghana for six years and did not look like he ever wanted to leave. He was in his mid-thirties, loving his job and all the perks that came with it, why on earth would he want to come back to Canada to shovel snow for almost four months of the year?
“I’ll bring the jeep and we can set off just after five – how does that sound?”
Jason spent the early part of the afternoon preparing for the late day meeting with Nana Katakyie Bosompra III, the chief of Takoradi Traditional Area. Today, they were going to discuss the acquisition of certain lands that KM Gas was going to use for a technical school to train local engineers and technicians. He quickly gathered his papers, stuffed them in his laptop bag in no particular order, grabbed his mini sombrero and sunglasses and proceeded to leave his office.
Rat-tat-tat. Someone was at the door.
“Yes come in,” he said impatiently. He didn’t want to be late although he knew there was no way the Ghanaian chief would be on time.
In walked four men in traditional cloth. They all looked serious, like someone had died. He smiled broadly at them but they didn’t return the sentiment.
“Mr. Arthur-Beck?” the man with the white Adinkra cloth said firmly. Adinkra was composed of symbols that had meaning and the wearing of said cloth indicated a thoughtful and elderly mind.
Jason nodded.
“Please have a seat,” the man said.
This was odd, Jason thought. You come into my office and ask me to take a seat? He sat down without a word since one of his training manuals had asked him to quietly assess situations before taking any action in a foreign country. Besides, these men did not look harmful; they just looked like they had a major bone to pick with them. He had no idea why, although…did he sleep with any of their daughters perhaps?
 “It has come to our attention that you are planning to buy some land on behalf of a local NGO? With money from your company.”
Jason nodded.
“And you are about to go and see a Chief to expedite that process?”
This man spoke excellent English, Jason thought.
“Yes I am actually. I have a meeting in’ – he looked intentionally at his watch – ‘fifteen minutes at the Chief’s house.”
The man continued.
“And this chief, where does he reside?”
“Off the Beach Road.”
“Really?” the man asked sarcastically.
“Yes, really,” Jason mocked back. Where was the man going with this?

The man sighed deeply, adjusting the traditional cloth around his covered shoulder. The other was bare as was the norm for men wearing the traditional cloth.
“The Chief of the Takoradi traditional area does not live there.” 
“Yes he does – I’ve passed by there myself and my contacts are sure of this.”
“Our chief is not Nana Katakyie Bosompra III. Obviously your contacts are not very good are they? If they were, they would have told you that there is no Nana Katakyie Bosompra III since there wasn’t a Bosompra I or Bosompra II so how could there be a third? The man masquerading as Nana Katakyie Bosompra III is really Dr. Kingsley Quainoo, a medical doctor from Atlanta who belongs to one line of the Takoradi Royal Family. Since returning to Ghana in 2007, he has gathered enough power hungry maniacs to his cause, claiming that he is the rightful owner of the stool lands in this traditional area. However, until the kingmakers and other elders in all the clans agree to his claim, it is null and void. So you see why you cannot go and see the chief? There is no chief.”

The blood drained out of Jason’s face causing the men some discomfort. They hadn’t planned on causing illness to the white man so why could he not stop his face from turning pasty white?
Jason was livid with rage. What the hell were they talking about? He stretched himself to a respectable pose and pretended to disbelieve them.
“I’m not sure if I get this. You are here to tell me that the man with whom I’m about to have a meeting to discuss the sale of land has no right to sell the land?”
“Exactly,” said man with the Adinkra cloth.
“And who the hell are you?” he said angrily.
At which point, the youngest looking of the four, also dressed in local cloth walked up to his desk and stared him down.
“Keep your foul language to yourself Mr. Beck. We are elders in the local council and part of the king making committee. It would be a good idea to apologize to Opanyin Brafour for that rude outburst.”
Jason struggled to maintain his composure. There was a part of him that wanted to continue with the foul language and tell them all to go to hell. Another part realized he was in a foreign country and needed to play their game…safely. He got up from his desk, raised his hands in mock give-up and apologized.
“Please forgive me for my outburst. I am obviously in shock at what you have to tell me”.
“We understand,” said Opanyin Brafour. What a nice man, Jason thought sarcastically.
“So, if this so-called Chief cannot sell the land to me, who can?” Jason asked, pretending to care deeply about their concerns.
“At the moment, no one, until the dispute has been settled.”
“And how long do you think this may take?” Jason asked.
“We can’t say but it’s into its third year so we should be wrapping up quite soon.”
“THIRD YEAR? WHAT THE HELL DOES THE PROCESS INVOLVE FOR IT TO TAKE SO LONG?”
There was a heavy silence in the room as Jason realized he’d put his foot in it again.
“Ok, ok. I know…I’m sorry…again. But this is incredibly frustrating. Listen…thanks for the tip but I do need to keep my appointment. I will definitely keep it in my mind.”

With that, he picked up his briefcase, stood at the door to let the elders out, locked it behind him and headed out towards his Honda Civic that Kwame the caretaker had shined to a hilt. He could see his face in the driver side window and it was not a pretty one.

He honked his way out of the partly covered garage, onto one of the main arteries out of market circle. The crowds seemed restless and with the sun at its highest, there were many sweaty faces along the road. As he crawled at a snails pace through the chaotic traffic, he realized his shirt was wet. He checked the AC and noticed it was on but the humidity was so high he felt a migraine coming on. He rolled his window down and called out to one of the street hawkers selling water. At that, four other street hawkers rushed to his car, begging him to buy their bagged water.
He resisted the temptation to give them each the equivalent of one dollar; the large basin of several water bags on their heads - at the price they were selling each bag - wouldn’t amount to more than one dollar. When he’d first arrived in Ghana and been overwhelmed by how little the sellers made, he’d always paid twice the price of anything he was quoted knowing full well that seeing a white man, the price was already hiked up anyway.

He leaned out of the window and paid the equivalent of five cents for the bag of cold water known locally as ‘pure’ water. He laughed on the realization that it was anything but pure! He tugged at the tip with his teeth and felt the lovely cool water kiss his throat with longing. He then squirted a few drops onto his face and this made the onlookers laugh; they wondered why the white man would waste the expensive ‘pure’ water on cooling his face. He smiled back at the pre-teen boy who had sold him the water and asked for two more bags of water and this was hurriedly given since the traffic was beginning to move along.
He made it to the Chief’s house but was late by fifteen minutes. A servant opened the ornate gate to admit Jason’s Honda into a beautifully landscaped compound with a two storey building and two strong greyhounds lurking, chained to the lower wall surrounding the porch. Jason got out of the car and waited to be told where to go. The houseboy beckoned with his hands and Jason followed him to a well-appointed living room decorated tastefully in African prints, carvings and traditional symbols. He sat gingerly on the edge of the leather sofa, looking warily around him.
The houseboy entered with a bottle of water and a clean glass. Without a word, he placed it on the side table and softly said to Jason:
‘Massa coming.”
Jason thanked him and waited as he took a quick glance around the room. Unlike most Ghanaian homes he’d visited – in Accra, Takoradi, Tema and a few towns on the Western coast, there was no noise in this house. He wondered who lived here and why there was no sound of fufu being pounded, maids being scolded or children running around chasing lizards. Intriguing. 
Nana Bosompra III entered gracefully. He was of medium height, wearing a short-sleeved Hugo Boss shirt and Dockers pants. His face was clean-shaven and the few strands of hair still on his head were grey, giving him the look of wisdom and integrity. He smiled revealing sparkling white teeth as he proffered an outstretched hand to Jason. Jason promptly got up – Ghanaian manners he’d picked up – and clasped Nana’s hands firmly. 
“Thank you Sir for seeing me. I apologize for my tardiness…I had some last minute business to take care of and the traffic was just a little bit crazy.”
The two men laughed knowingly
“And no doubt, you assumed I would be late eh – African time?”, Nana said in English that was more American than Ghanaian.
“No, no, no”, Jason lied, “Not at all.”
“No problem – take a seat. So tell me Jason – may I call you Jason?”
“Yes of course, Nana.”
“Then you must call me Kingsley.”
Jason was cool with that. He drained the rest of the bottle of water causing Kingsley to call out to his servant boy to deliver another bottle.
“Mumuni! Fa nsuo bra!”
Within thirty seconds, Mumuni had materialized in the living room with another bottle of cold water on a tray. Jason marveled at the efficiency of the process…if only he could get others to do things that fast, he could be out of here and back home in Toronto in no time!
“So how long have you been back in Ghana, Kingsley?”
Kingsley paused as if to calculate the tortuous years.
“Since 2007. Before that, I trained as a medical doctor but left medicine to work with the Ministry of Defense in Atlanta. My family has lived in this part of Ghana for as long as anyone can remember and when the opportunity presented itself to come and work on developing the area, I jumped at it.”
“Just like that?”
Kingsley laughed.
“Yeah, just like that…well, sort of. I’ve been coming to Ghana on and off since I left thirty years ago, preferring to raise my children in the US during those turbulent years of Rawling’s military dictatorship in the eighties. My wife is African-American so it wasn’t easy to just pack up and say ‘hey, we’re moving back to my country’ you know? As the children grew older – I have three of them – I started taking more and more extended trips back and with the more stable economy, it became easier to see myself participating in a credible endeavor.  What about you?”
Jason smiled. Kingsley was a decent guy.
“I’ve had one of those ‘I can’t believe he’s so lucky’ kind of lives. Engineering at Queens University – 
Kingsley raised his eyebrows in admiration.
“- a few stints with Stanrick Gold and Kline Gold in far flung places all over the world. Now I’m in Ghana doing God knows what – enjoying myself most of the time but frustrated at least half the time – “
“- I hear you!” Kingsley laughed a deep throaty chuckle and Jason joined in.
“KM has done very well here hasn’t it?” Kingsley continued. “The locals respect them and actually like them so I’m sure you will be able to accomplish whatever you came to do. Has KM decided what to do with the crude yet?”
“We’re still in talks actually. Typically, it should be produced into and sold from the FPSO ‘Osei Tutu’ which we purchased from Singapore’s Jurong Shipyard. We’re also in the process of investigating methods for flexible deepwater subsea architecture and that involves all facets of the industry – the design, engineering, component procurement, construction, installation – the list is endless!”
“But you seem to know what’s going on so that’s a good thing!”
“I guess so”, murmured Jason. “Only one thing bothers me…”
“And that is?”
“Well, not much talk is circulating about environmental concerns. We do have policy papers and such but you know how it is…it’s all on paper. Each time I broach it, even with local groups that purport to support environmental concerns, I get the cold shoulder”.
Kingsley stroked a non-existent beard.
“Well – do you have any one particular environmental concern? You see, for people here, their first concern is food to feed their families before they think about the environment. If they sense that it’s important to you, they will walk the walk and talk the talk…but do nothing meaningful. You’ve got to make it crucial for them to pursue action – hit them where it hurts, on the kitchen table or in their pockets”.
“Well to my knowledge, there is no well developed and comprehensive baseline data concerning ballast water – something that will have impact on the ground as we drill for oil. Current explorative activities while commercially exploitative make it difficult to assess impacts on biodiversity and livelihood. Ballast water comes with invasive species that can predate on native species and potentially eliminate complete portions of the indigenous food chain, causing economic and environmental damage. The salinity of the ballast water may not be friendly to the marine environment and its continuous discharge may impact negatively on the marine ecosystem”.
“But that is all environmental speak Jason. Tell me – what does the regular guy have to fear from this? Why should he care?”
“Well for one, fishing would be heavily affected. In the past, some species have been deleted, some invasive ones added and the whole balance of the ecosystem affected”.
Kingsley was smiling at the young man.
“You’re very bright Jason, very very bright. Fishing is critical to my region so I am likely to sit up and listen to you. But since I’m better educated than the typical fisherman, tell me, why should I care so much about ballast water since that is an issue concerning ships and we’ve had ships coming and leaving our shores for a very long time and haven’t once been ‘invaded’ by a non-human specie?”
“Well, Ghana has for decades been a net importer of goods which means ships have left Tema and Takoradi ports with more ballast water than goods for export. With the oil exploration in full gear, ships that leave Ghanaian shores are going to be carrying hydrocarbons as export, which would call for less ballast water on the way out. What I’m worried about is what comes back”.
“Imported goods?” Kingsley countered.
“Maybe. And maybe not. Studies in various parts of the world have shown us that when exploration occurs at the rate at which we’re anticipating in Ghana, the import export balance shifts in favour of net exportation. Ghana is likely to be receiving copious amounts of ballast water and that may damage the environment more than we’ve thought of”.
Kingsley was now all ears. 
“So what would you suggest, Mr. Engineer-with-a-degree-from-Queens?”
Jason laughed.
“Perhaps in the absence of baseline data, a comprehensive FIA for oil exploration must be properly interrogated. We need to map out protected marine zones…or maybe that’s been done already?”
“I’m not sure but now that I’ve been alerted to it, I will certainly look into it. Is KM Gas sensitive to your concerns?”
“Yes and No. I’ve prepared a detailed management plan for ballast water and submitted it to the VP for Sustainable Development but have not heard anything back”
“Ah…Sustainable Development. Such a buzzword…tell me, have you had a break since you’ve been here?”
“Not really but when I leave here, I’m meeting up with a buddy of mine – Gerry Carruthers – and we’re heading towards the West to sample the night life and other delights”.
“Good for you Jason, good for you”. 
Kingsley got up and slapped him on the back as he retrieved certain documents from a desk drawer on the side of the north-facing wall. Jason grew nervous. He walked over to the couch Jason was sitting on, sat beside him and spread a large sheet of paper that looked like a land site. On it were boxes sectioned out and labeled with numbers along with ‘Takoradi Traditional Area Stool Land’ written on it.
“Lets talk business now Jason. You want to purchase fifty plots of land off the beach road right?”
“Um…yes…is that available?”
“Yes it is but the price is quite high. It is after all close to the beach and that is considered prime property”
“And if you don’t mind me asking…you do have permission to sell these lands right?”
Kingsley looked up from his drawings and smiled at Jason.
“Of course I do, I’m the chief.”
Jason looked at the man, trying to ascertain the truth of the statement. Thinking back to every encounter he’d had with a chief in Ghana, it struck him as odd that this chief had no hangers on. He didn’t have an okyeame, the man who spoke for the chief - and he didn’t have anyone holding his hands up, as Jason had seen happen at festivals and durbars. Where were his people? Besides, Kingsly hadn’t asked for ‘amanie’, the often long-winded process of having a visitor recount what brought them to visit you followed by another response by the host of what was happening prior to the visitor arriving at their door. Often times, gifts would be exchanged at this point, thanks given on each side and then the actual business could begin.
“Forgive me for being so nosy but from what I’ve seen of chiefs and the whole pageantry thing, I would have expected to see some hangers on and lots of fluff”.
Kingsley smiled a knowing smile. Very softly, as if in pain, he continued.
“I know. And this is the reason why I’m facing so much opposition everywhere I turn. I have no doubt that if you haven’t received a visit from the ‘four wise men’, you will pretty soon. They want things done the old way – a lot of red tape, an inordinate amount of customary rites and just plain wasting of time. I’m not into that at all and have told them time and time again that the world has changed…we have to move on. Needless to say, I am seen as an American interloper…isn’t that funny? Because I speak with an American accent, I am no longer considered Ghanaian enough and therefore they do not want me to be chief. Since when was that a criterion for chieftaincy? I speak the local language Fanti, I can trace my roots to a time before the Europeans first landed on our shores, both my parents are still alive and support my claim to the Traditional stool…heck, I even went to school here!”
He paused in frustration.
“Listen Jason, it’s up to you what you want to do here. I’ve come back to make a difference to my community by sourcing out the best possible partnerships that will benefit the city. Manufacturing, construction, and education – these are industries I am eager to encourage and to support. They’ll bring jobs and face it, at the end of the day, everyone wants the opportunity to take care of themselves and their families. I find a warmth in tradition but when tradition gets overbearing and begins to overtake commonsense causing us to delay progress for the joy of doing things the way they were done five hundred years ago, I’m afraid that’s where I draw the line”!!!
Jason looked at the man and saw someone dedicated to bringing about change. He felt sorry for him because those ‘four wise men’ also looked dedicated… to keeping the status quo. Who was going to win in the end? Who should he align himself with? As these thoughts flew threw his mind, Nana Katakyie Bosompra III slowly folded his site plan neatly and placed it back in his desk drawer. Jason got up from the couch, still cradling his bottled water.
“Thank you so much for your time. I’m sorry I can’t make a decision right now but I will let you know by next Tuesday at the latest. How much was each plot?”
“Five thousand dollars”
“So $25,000 dollars for the land and approximately how much for getting the title and all the other supporting documents?”
“It’s all included in the $5000. That’s the beauty of transparency Jason. You calculate everything and give to the buyer instead of the piecemeal affair we’ve been used to which allows for some fluffing depending on the time of day the buyer approaches the seller or whether the seller feels like fufu and goat meat today or can only afford gari, no?”
Jason smiled in understanding at the clever comparison Kingsley had made. Having goat meat for lunch was a luxury but most lower class families could only afford the cheap cassava derivative called gari. He thanked Kingsley sincerely, clasping his hand in what he hoped indicated understanding and camaraderie. Mumuni led him out and opened the gate for him. Then his phone rang.
“JAY – SON!”, said Margaret yelling down the phone lines and putting as much stress on every syllable as she could muster. She like Philip’s younger brother Jason and was always happy to speak to him.
“Hi Auntie Maggie, how are you?”
“I’m fine my dear – just these aches and pains you know?”
“I’m so sorry to hear that. How was your trip to Canada? Is Philip doing better?”
“Ahhh…I’m not sure. He is still weak but unlike here in Ghana, the drugs are all available in Canada so we are hopeful that the Lord will continue to use the drugs to heal him.”
“That’s good to hear. I spoke to him last week and he sounded faint.”
“Yes but did he tell you that I took some herbs to him? I know Sarah will throw them away but I’m going to visit them again next month and then I will take some more…maybe a suitcase full!”
Jason laughed so loudly he thought his ribs would crack. Auntie Maggie was like a gale force wind that didn’t stop for anyone.
“ Are you going somewhere for the weekend Jay-son? Every hard working man needs a rest ohhhhh?”
Jason laughed. Maggie had been trying to get him to Accra every weekend to spend some time with Sarah’s family. He’d gone one weekend but didn’t want to impose. Of course Maggie had told him that was utter nonsense  ‘…in Ghana , visiting someone is not imposing…’
“Yes Auntie Maggie – I’m actually going to meet up with a friend and then we’re heading towards Busua”.
“Ei, that is good. But be careful ohhh…there are many prostitutes there and they like white men. I trust you because you are Philip’s brother and he is a good Christian man”.
Jason winced at that endorsement. He was sure Philip would do too if he could hear it.
“Thanks auntie – I will be careful. How is Uncle Peter?”
“Not bad at all. He just finished a conference in Abuja for some dignitaries so he is back home recuperating from Nigerian politics. He makes me laugh when he says he wants to run for President of Ghana you know? He can’t even handle low level politics!”
And you can, Jason thought. Maggie could definitely run a country.
“Listen – when you get back, be sure to give me a call. We want you in Accra next weekend because we are having a surprise birthday for my sister Belinda’s husband. You remember her don’t you?
“Your sister Belinda? Isn’t your sister Auntie Ceci?”
Margaret laughed.
“Another African thing Jason – anyone who is a close friend can be referred to as a sister. You’re right – Ceci is my sister proper – you know, my real sister but Belinda and I went to school together so we’ve been through a lot too. Her husband Kwasi Prah is the Minister for Energy”.
“Well sure…I would love to. How does next two weeks from now sound? I could come down to Accra on the Friday after work”.
“I will prepare some piping hot soup for you and make sure there is plenty of good entertainment…did you know Al Jazeera is in Africa now? And they have white newscasters so there is no need to fear that the news is biased. Take care my dear and remember what I said – plenty of rest and no prostitutes!”
Jason laughed and hung up.

Gerry drove, as Jason regaled him with stories of how his day had gone, every so often stopping to allow Gerry to add what he called his ‘nuggets of expatriate wisdom’. Gerry had been through almost everything Jason was going through and his nonchalance at Ghanaian norms, behaviors, idiosyncrasies and both major and minor irritations did its magic on Jason. It calmed him down. Every few minutes, they would take a swig out of a water bottle that Gerry had filled with Star Beer and Vodka…an incongruous mixture that had to be a college concoction capable of killing a freshman. 

The road from Takoradi to Busua was decidedly creepy and about ten minutes out of the city center, past the army barracks and away towards the dense forest, all movement seemed to stop. After the sun had set around six thirty, things had started slowing down as the men and women walking home from office jobs or coming in from the farm were replaced by night sellers, their eerie candles and kerosene lamps inadvertently lighting the way for nighttime travelers. About half an hour from Takoradi though, even the guiding lights of the kelewele vendors was no longer available and the two men, safely in their Jeep with plenty of gasoline to take them another four hours anywhere, drove silently through the Ghanaian night, worried that all the wild stories they’d heard outside Africa, about Africa - the untamed beasts, the thick impenetrable forests and the demon possessed villagers who could boil you and eat you were probably true. Without a GPS – and if they even had one, would it work here?, - how did they know if they were heading towards the tribal cooking pot or the Busua Akwaaba Beach?
Chapter 6: 
July 5, Washington, DC

It was just past six am and the sleek, black bulletproof limousine made its windy way along the streets of Washington towards the White House. Majeed Harrison, the President’s National Security advisor was busy reading through The Morning Book and scrunching up his face as he did so. Majeed felt very lucky to be in this position, one that was not connected to the bureaucracies embedded in Washington and therefore slightly more independent than other high level posts. If he had had to go through any kind of confirmation, he would have been torn to shreds, not because he wasn’t qualified but because he was of Arab descent and Muslim. Born in Dearborn, Michigan, educated at University of Michigan and Columbia, Majeed joined the State Department at the tender age of twenty eight having spent most of his life in school pursuing one degree or another in law, policy studies, international affairs or politics as well as being fluent in five of the United Nations’ official languages. As consul in hot button spots like Vietnam, Iran, Israel, The Congo and Sri Lanka, Majeed had honed his negotiation skills by working with masters of the craft such as Henry Kissinger. During the last Democratic President’s presidential campaign, he had been asked to be the Chief Foreign Policy advisor and had worked hard to bring about a temporary peace in the West Bank. For his efforts, the current President nominated him at the beginning of his Presidential term as the Director of the CIA. The media reported on his accomplishments and the skill sets he’d bring to the job but never hesitated to throw in the fact that his cousin – a very distant cousin, had been married to Osama Bin Laden’s second son’s brother in law. He had never met these people, had never spoken to them, had never even lived in any country that was Arab except as an American envoy and yet he found that this bit of information seemed far more important than his ability to strategize on America’s foreign policy. His nomination was withdrawn but the President immediately moved to find a way to get him on board and when the opportunity presented itself, Majeed Harrison, son of Joshua Harrison, a descendant of the Mayflower Pilgrims and Faaria Abdullah, born in Dearborn, Michigan to parents who had fled Iran when the Shah of Iran went into exile in 1979, became the National Security Advisor to the President of the United States.

It was almost seven and the morning watch team would be switching over with the next group in the Situation room so Majeed dialed through to the Oval office and managed to get through to the President’s secretary, Wilma Greg.
“Ms. Greg?”
“Yes Mr. Harrison”
“Good morning. Has the President gone over the Daily Brief?”
“Yes of course”, she replied a little tersely. She was annoyed when others assumed the President sat around doing nothing.
“Can you tell him to meet me in the Situation room for 9am? With Ms. Gold, Mr. Mendoza, Kwame Jackson and Mr. Modern?”
“Yes of course”
“Thank you”
Majeed clicked off and sighed. He did not like that woman and he was surer this morning that she did not like him either. He put his ipod on and drowned himself in The Priests’  Ave Maria – just what he needed before what, according to the Morning Book, was going to be another hectic day in Foreign Policy.
******
Whereas the Oval Office is above ground in the West Wing along with the National Security advisors office, the Situation Room that manages intelligence for the government sits in the basement of the West Wing. It is a large room, 5,000 square feet, designed as a conference room and equipped with secure, advanced communications equipment for the President to maintain control over US forces as near as Canada and as far away as Tonga. Since world events are monitored on a 24-hour basis, the President and the White House Staff are able to be apprised of rumblings occurring around the globe. 
The President arrived with four people in tow. Jake Modern the White House Press Secretary, Juan Mendoza, the Vice President, Gertrude Gold the Secretary of State and Kwame Jackson, the Ambassador to Ghana. Majeed swiftly passed around a morning summary for them to quickly scan through.
“We have a couple of items on the agenda that need looking at but I’d like to start with Ghana first. Around one thirty, E.S.T, two school children on their way to the local public school in Takoradi for a function noticed something suspicious peeking out of the bushes along a wooded path in Takoradi. Being boys” – at this, everyone chuckled – “they decided to investigate and found two dead men, both white, apparently shot and strangled lying in the brush with American flags drawn in paint on their cheeks”. He paused for effect.
“They ran as fast as they could towards a police station and reported it to the police. The police officer on duty was having his breakfast  - 
‘…probably kenkey & fish…” piped Kwame
Majeed continued with a smile on his face.
“…so he took his sweet old time while harassing and yelling at the boys. We have a transcript of the conversation if you are ever in the mood for a laugh. Anyway, the bodies were identified as belonging to two oil workers, both employed by JettSco and working in the Freedom oil fields. As we speak, their families are being notified about their untimely demise”.
“May their souls rest in peace”, murmured Rude Gold.
A silence permeated the ultra tech conference room, as everyone knew the President was about to say something.
“Do we know anything about this?”
“No Sir, we don’t”, replied Jake Modern emphatically.
“Good, lets keep it that way’, the President sanctioned.
“We have asked for the bodies to be taken aboard the HMS Peace which is equipped with a medical center capable of performing autopsies. Afterwards, they will be flown home to their families – both happen to come from Atlanta, Georgia”.
“How many ships do we have off the coast of Ghana?” asked Juan.
“Quite a number actually. The Takoradi Harbour also boasts a Naval base that has been fully functional ever since the Harbour was built. We have three Patrol Craft Coastals, one Steam Frigate, 1 submarine, 1 torpedo boat and an aircraft carrier. Another advantage to that increased presence in that region is the fact that the 2nd Battalion of the Ghana Armed Forces used to be based not too far from the Ghana Secondary Technical School and their facilities are not half bad. Also, the Ghana Air force has a training base in Takoradi and this is what made our job easier when we were designing details for Mr. President’s trip to Ghana recently”.
The occupants of the Situation Room all looked at Majeed as he proceeded to one wall, touched the screen and it came alive. He pressed a few more buttons, pausing to shift back and forth.
“I don’t want to bore you with geographical details you are bound to know so I will just show you an aerial view – courtesy of google earth – of the site in discovery in Takoradi.”

After a few deft placements of his fingers, the room fell quiet as they looked at the evidence before them.
“Since the locals don’t bother with street names, our location is called ‘about ten minutes from the car repair shop that is beside Chop Your Dollar Chop Bar.”
They all chuckled. All of them had been to parts of Africa, South America and Asia and had experienced this quaint way of life that seemed so far removed from their own tightly managed, technologically choking ones. Majeed continued.
“Here are the two boys. All evidence points to the fact that they had absolutely nothing to do with it – they just happened to come upon the scene of the crime. We received information about an hour ago indicating that the local investigation was moving along surprisingly well since the Chief of the Traditional Takoradi area, one Kingsley Quainoo is an American doctor who was born in Ghana but emigrated to the United States to study medicine. He is trying to make some changes in the way things are done and is facing some opposition from the Council of Elders who claim he has not received the support of all the elders who make up the Kingmaking Council.”
“And why should we care?” Mendoza asked petulantly
Majeed looked at him like he was a child and spoke slowly, like he would to a child.
“We should care, Mr. Mendoza because Dr. Quainoo worked in the US Ministry of Defense prior to taking up the chieftaincy in Ghana. He has had access to certain information, is conversant with the American way of doing things and has an American wife. He has a lot to gain by developing the Takoradi area – it’s his ancestral home after all – but he has even more to lose by ignoring American demands.”
“And the local media?” asked Jake Modern who had so far been very quiet. He had just received word from his doctor that he would have to undergo tests for bowel cancer and so he had found his mind wandering a couple of times during the presentation.
Majeed touched a few buttons and they could immediately see all the cyber activity in and around Ghana and about Ghana. There was much speculation on who killed the men, why they had American flags painted on their cheeks, why they were both strangled as well as shot, where they could have been killed since the investigation had revealed that the location of the bodies was not the location of death.
“As you know, spirituality is high on the typical Ghanaian’s agenda so all morning, prayers have been said for the dead men and their families both on air – TV and radio – as well on several blogs. Christopher Blagogee, the outspoken radio personality who has a talk show has suggested that perhaps the Americans killed their own workers. Many people believe him”
“And we are not amused”, said Rude Gold. She had a smirk on her face that thinned her maroon coloured lips.
“Who the hell is Christopher Blagogee anyway?” asked the Vice President.
All eyes turned to Kwame, the official and unofficial Ghanaian in the room. This was what he dreaded more than anything; an issue that would force him to choose sides in a situation that was compromised right from the start. He tugged at his tie, feeling his blood pressure rise as his tongue flitted around his mouth looking for a tooth to suck on for security. He was sometimes convinced they all thought he was a spy but then again, with all the anti-depressants he was taking, paranoia did become him.
“Mr. Blagogee is an outspoken radio and TV personality who has incurred the wrath of many a politician. He says what he thinks - often without thinking - claiming that he is driven by truth. As you can imagine, he has a loyal following and especially in Cyberspace, many flock to his website to read what he has found about this local politician or that. With tensions running high in the country and talk of some sort of American conspiracy, I’m not surprised he is fuelling the fire of speculation…that’s what he does best.”
There was silence in the room as all present absorbed this tidbit of information. Clearly, some damage control needed to be done but how?
The President stroked his chin.
“Wasn’t there another murder in the same area not long ago? I recall that a Chinese worker was killed in that one and he also had an American Flag drawn on his cheek”.
“You’re right Mr. President”, Majeed concurred, moving to the screen and maneuvering a few buttons to bring up a new screen. “The Chinese worker was called Jun Li and his absence was noticed on the morning after the purported murder when he did not show up to the crew boat that would have taken him to work on the oil rig. It took about a week to get any information since the local authorities believed he was still in the arms of some local prostitute so they did nothing.”

They all stared at the images before them. About twenty four squares filled the large 72 inch screen and each of them showed at the very least, a man, a woman and some trees and ….

‘What’s that sticking out from that tree? Looks like a leg…”, asked Rude Gold.

Majeed zoomed in on slide number 24. Poking out from behind a tree was what looked like a small leg, standing it would seem or propped up against the side of the tree. If it belonged to a living person, then the person, most likely a child was hidden behind the tree. If the owner was not attached to the leg, then it had been placed there, propped up by the tree trunk. What on earth for? The gruesome thought was forming in the minds of all those gathered there and apart from the President, all the other faces, for a brief suspension of time, could not control that thought from being evident on their faces.

Chapter 7: 
August 5, Busua Akwaaba Beach Hotel, Ghana

Jason woke up with a migraine so potent that his head did not feel like a part of his body. He felt a fly whiz past his head and tried to follow its path only to be stopped by the searing pain that seemed to have a head all its own. As he struggled to make sense of it all, his door flung open and in walked a shirtless, white man, long straggly brown hair and dark brown eyes in a weather beaten face that would probably put the owner in his mid to late thirties.
“You still sleeping?”
“Get lost” Jason responded sleepily. He pulled a pillow over his head to drown out the noisy intruder.
“No way to talk to your best man – man! The sun’s been up for almost two hours and if you don’t get off your lazy ass, we’re gonna miss breakfast. This is our second time here – wait – our third – and you still haven’t figured out what time to wake up?”
Gerry walked to the bathroom as if to look for someone.
“What are you doing in my bathroom?” Jason asked from beneath the pillow
“Making sure your hooker didn’t stay too long’, Gerry said laughing.
“And if she did?”
Gerry walked over to the queen size bed that seemed too small for Jason’s six feet, two hundred pound frame. He put on a serious look and lowered his voice so he’d come across more seriously.
“Listen bud – there are hookers and there are HOOKERS. The pros are crawling all over the place, they know this is where the rich guys are, white and black. Last night, you got smashed way too early…and that man came on to you”
“Man? What man?” Jason jumped out of the bed, letting the crisp white sheets fall around him. He looked at his naked self, as if something would have changed on his body if a man had been in his bed. He grabbed onto Gerry’s shoulders.
“I came here with a man? Why didn’t you stop me?”
Gerry walked away nonchalantly towards the doors. He held onto the door knob and turned ever so slightly and said softly:
“You looked like you were having too much fun”.
Jason took one of the pillows and threw it on Gerry’s retreating back as Gerry laughed his way towards his chalet.  He looked around, hoping to find one of those laborers he’d seen on his previous trips to the resort. A short black man was watering the flowers in front of Jason’s chalet and offered a sad smile and a good morning. Jason responded and then he had a brainwave; perhaps this man saw who left his room?
“Have you been here long?”
“Yes Sir”
“How long?”
“Since five am sir!” He responded like he thought Jason was checking up on the hours he’d worked.
“Did you see anyone leave my room?”
“Yes Sir”
For crying out loud, couldn’t this man just get the drift of the conversation and give him more in-depth answers? He remembered what his boss had told him about Ghanaian servants – they would not proffer any information unless paid or prodded mercilessly. Some were just plain scared of foreigners and would not want to offend by seeming to talk too much, something known in Ghanaian parlance as being ‘too-known’.
“Was it a man or woman?” Jason prodded.
It took forever for the grounds keeper to give his response.
“Something like that”.
“What the hell!” Jason couldn’t help himself but the man was driving him insane. What did he mean by something like that? Was the person who left his room a transsexual still undergoing the change? 
“Please, why do you want to know?” the grounds keeper asked.
“I’m the one asking the questions!” Jason was getting angry now. “Did you see a man leave my room?”
“No”, said the grounds keeper
“Ok – did you see a woman leave my room?”, continued Jason, looking hopeful.
“No”.
“So who did you see leaving my room?”
“A man and a woman”, the grounds keeper said confidently.
“What?”
“A woman left your room around five thirty and a man left just ten minutes ago, Sir”
Jason breathed a huge sigh of relief. At least he had been with a woman but he couldn’t remember who it was, what they did, why they did it, how long they did it for. He grabbed a towel and headed off towards the pool.

The Busua Akwaaba Beach Hotel in the Western Region of Ghana was situated right on the beach, made up of fifteen chalets just a stones throw away from each other and arranged around a semi-circle. At the center was the pool, though why that was needed with a pristine white-sanded beach, Jason would never know. Around the pool were five deck chairs with towels placed on them and a lifeguard, ears plugged with earphones attached to an mp3 player.

Barely had he placed his bottled water beside the chair when he saw the gangly body of his friend. Already, Gerry had established a name for himself in Akwaaba and he looked like he could be the owner of the resort, walking lazily towards the pool along with the Food Manager, a bottle of Fanta dangling precariously between his forefinger and thumb. They laughed as they talked and Jason felt a twinge of jealousy; he really must pick up this twi language, what with all the girls he’d had the pleasure of enjoying lately, knowing how to say ‘do you like this’ in their own language would be quite the titillating event.
“Hey bud”, Gerry yelled out to Jason.
Jason nodded his way and then jumped into the pool. After two laps in the rectangular shaped pool, he stepped out to a cool breeze.
“Man, this is how life should be lived”, he yelled out to Gerry.
“You think?” Gerry said sarcastically.
“How come no one ever tells you Africa could be like this?” Jason asked as he sat dripping on the pool chair.
“ I dunno. I guess everyone’s got so much to gain by keeping Africa unknown…I dunno…I mean, missionaries and other humanitarian workers want to keep the money flowing since when they raise funds to help poor Africans, they also make money along the way and Africans themselves…well, I dunno but each time I come here, I see wealthy Africans here, from Ghana and Nigeria and even South Africa. Maybe it never seemed like a big deal to them, you know? The sandy beaches and awesome natural environment…yah, much of Africa is still quite unspoiled, I wonder if the Africans know that”.
Jason sighed. He felt a bit guilty.
“Makes me feel bad when I think of what oil could do, you know?”
There was a deep silence as the two men contemplated that last statement.
“I guess if their government wants it…” Gerry seemed deep in thought.
“The government does want it. Mr. Prah told me the last time we met over drinks in Accra”
“But how are they going to control Ghanaian interests?”
“Not sure but he says they have contracts lined up with the Chinese in exchange for the oil. Apparently, they will help the Ghanaian government with infrastructure and the Chinese get oil in exchange.”
“Yeah, I know that – you mentioned it last time but something just does not make sense. Ghana has always been friends with America so why would they jeopardize that relationship by getting in bed with China?”
“Buddy”, Jason sat up and faced Gerry. “If you needed a belt to hold your clothes together and your lover kept saying ‘yah, I hear ya, next week I’ll get you a belt but next week comes and he gives you something that could be a belt but is not a belt and tells you its still good enough and the ‘gift’ ALSO comes with strings that keep you feeling like a puppet, you’re going to feel insulted. Every day. Then one day, someone with more swagger comes along, sees you need a belt, hears you out and says, yah, I’ll give you the belt and actually delivers the belt you need, hey, you’re gonna say ‘thanks for the belt, here’s some booty’….no?”
Gerry looked around him as if making sure no one was in earshot.
“You sound like I imagine Kwasi Prah to sound”
Jason laughed.
“Yah, actually I stole that from Mr. Prah and apparently, he stole that from Mr. Asante”
“The President of Ghana?”
“None other”, Jason said with enough swagger for ten belts.
“So what can America do?” Gerry asked as if unconcerned.
“Well, Mr. Asante is planning to continue giving them the cold shoulder. Last week apparently, the Secretary of State called to find out if she could pay a visit to Ghana. He told her he’d be unavailable and one of his parliamentary secretaries would host her. He actually had no plans and just wanted to piss her off which according to him, he succeeded in doing. They’re also bugging them about the three deaths in the Takoradi area and because he knows wassup with that, he doesn’t want to talk to anyone. He thinks America has outlived the world superpower title and needs to realize there’s a new game in town. Did you know that in the past year, there’ve been more trade missions to China than to any other country in the Western Hemisphere combined?”
“Seriously?” Gerry softly asked.
“Seriously. Even regular folk are getting in on the action. Aunty Ceci, my sister-in-law’s aunt has a couple of businesses in Lagos but she set one up here in Accra so she could go with one of the trade missions that left just last January. Kwasi was in charge of that mission so you know how connections work here – she got put on the list and she came back with incredible stories of industry contacts she’d made, loans that were being extended to Ghanaians by Chinese banks, factories that were ready to ship products to Ghana…buddy…China is bigger in Africa than we want to know.”
“Does anyone in Canada know this?”
Raucous laughter could be heard in the pool area as the two men struggled to maintain their composure. 
“Canada? Know about this? That would be a first when we’re busying ourselves with what Stephen Harper is wearing on his cross country tour!” said Jason.
“Hey, hey, give us some credit Jay – maybe we’re not in the game but its not because we can’t be in the game. We just don’t want to be. Look at you and KM Gas; if we weren’t important in the game, why would KM Gas be here? Why would you be here?”
“You got a point there bud. I guess we’re in it…to a certain degree but from what Kwasi tells me, Ghana is only one of the spots that China has its eye on. Zambia and Angola have signed various mining contracts with China and its only a matter of time before Botswana, Rwanda, Sierra Leone and Sudan…
Gerry gasped. Jason laughed and continued.
“Yes Sudan of Darfur infamy- they are going to get in on the action too. Next week, Kwasi is hosting a delegation from Zimbabwe and on paper, they’re coming to talk about OAU business – how to make energy more efficient on the continent blah blah blah but really, they’re coming to Ghana to show them the contracts the Chinese have given to them; they want to see firsthand, the effect of Ghana-China collaboration and to talk African to African.”
“So do you know who is killing these workers and painting the American flag on their cheeks?”
Jason contemplated the question, took a long sip of his drink and looking far out to sea, he said in a very measured tone.
“None of our business Gerry. We’re Canadians.”
Just then, Jason lowered his voice as a tall Ghanaian girl, wearing the Akwaaba uniform came towards them. She had very dark smooth skin and her hair was neatly corn rowed with a bun at the top. She was also holding two large plates of fries and kebabs and Gerry wasn’t sure which was making his friend salivate – the girl or the food. She got over to their deck chairs, smiled coyly and then placed the two plates in between them.
“Compliments of the Restaurant Manager”, she said in her strong Ghanaian accent.
While Gerry immediately dug in, Jason continued his worship as her petite buttocks, quite unlike the big ones he’d observed on Ghanaian women made its undulating way towards the restaurant. She swayed like a palm tree in the gentle seaside breeze and with her back ramrod straight, neck regally carrying her head, he was sure he had not seen any North American woman walk with that much control of her body. 
“I was with her last night”, he said to Gerry.
“Yah, I know. I was there when you picked her up at the bar”.
“No wonder I couldn’t remember. She was so amazing I lost a few brain cells. She also likes stamps”.
“Stamps?” Gerry asked incredulously.
Jason chuckled.
“Yup stamps. After checking in, as we walked towards the chalets, I noticed some stamps in the gift shop so I bought some. They were lying beside my bed when she and I dragged ourselves in and I quite remember her telling me how a 1966 one – it was right in the middle of the case - was released just before Nkrumah was deposed.
“She actually knew that?”
“Yah weird huh?”
“Even weirder that you had enough brain cells left to talk about stamps!”
“Hey, hey! When it comes to stamps, I’m never too drunk.”
“No kidding. So stamp girl was worth the brews?”
“Yah…and we talked poetry too…or shall I say SHE talked poetry since I was too smashed to talk”.
“Nuff said!”
The two men laughed as Jason ruffled his honey gold hair. Only a few months in Ghana and his hair was bleaching all by itself. Stamp girl had loved his hair.
 “I wonder what her name is”.
“Who, Stamp girl?  Only one way to find out bruv”, Gerry chuckled.


Well Jason did find out, and what a bundle of contradictions she was. Her name was Araba and she sold fish on those days she didn’t have a shift as a waitress at Akwaaba hotel. They spent days and nights together, talking, laughing among other things. She would wrap her long legs around him and sink her head into his chest, mumbling words he didn’t understand. She was so supple and strong, so soft and yet so firm…he still had no idea how old she was but just before his planned visit to Canada, he decided to pay a visit to her home to return some bangles she’d left behind at his place.

Araba lived off one of the main arteries that emanated from the central roundabout in Takoradi and led to the former Princess Cinema. The house was like most others, cement brick with peeling paint, a central courtyard with a fireplace used for cooking and several two-roomed apartments with doors that led out to the courtyard. This was Araba’s traditional family house and along with her mother and two cousins were an assortment of relatives who all occupied the other apartments in the compound house, as they called it. On this brisk Thursday evening, most of the workers were still not back home when Jason stepped foot in the compound house, looking around him for someone who might know if he was in the right place. In the far corner of the courtyard sat a girl of no more than twelve with a baby boy who was still crawling. He made his way towards them and softened when he saw the look of fear in the girl’s face.
“Hello,” he said gently. 
She just stared back and the baby started crying. Jason looked at the baby and wondered. He had the soft tanned skin of someone who was half black, half something paler. Furthermore, the baby had narrow eyes, similar to what you would find in most people of Asian descent. Jason thought this was intriguing.
“Hello,” he said again to the young girl. “Araba?”
The little girl shook her head in dismay and proceeded to respond in Fanti.
“Onyi hor, werpueh.” She’s not in, she’s out.
Jason understood the sentence and nodded. He reached for the baby’s hand and felt a strong grip. The baby gurgled and grabbed two more of Jason’s fingers and as he playfully tried to release his hand, he noticed that the baby had a very small red bangle with five gold stars on his ankle. And it looked eerily familiar to him.
“Please can you give this to her when she gets back?”
And he handed the envelope to the little girl. Inside were three bangles – one blue, one yellow and the third red, with five stars on it. He hurriedly left the compound house, turning back to look at the two children and befuddled at the possible new piece of information that he had unearthed.

The following week, Araba was elusive – both physically and mentally. He refused to ask her about the child and she seemed to be waiting for him to ask. Even their intimate moments had changed. No longer was she yelling out glorious phrases from Robert Frost’s ‘The Road not taken’ as she peaked in ecstasy…he’d give anything these days to hear her say between deep breaths: “Two roads diverged in a wood, and I—I took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference.” He missed her badly and knew he had to get to the bottom of this woman. Who was she really? He invited her to Akwaaba Busua htoel – she’d cut down her hours there – and the first evening, they spent walking along the beach in silence. There were children from the nearby village running along the sandy shore and as they walked, Araba would pick a shell, rub it and try to blow through it. He turned to look at her and wondered what she was doing. Did he seriously think he could carry on a relationship with this girl? She was old enough, he was sure of it, but if this was going to be a real relationship, they had to talk about their expectations beyond the bedroom. Would he take her back to Canada? Would he raise her child? Wouldn’t that be weird?
They ate on the beach. Roasted prawn with seasoned gari that he knew was going to do funny things to his stomach but what the heck? He held her close and nibbled her ear, pausing every so often to sigh.
“Is the father still around?”
Araba shifted uncomfortably.
“No.”
Oh good, Jason thought. 
“Where is he?”
“He’s dead.”
“Dead?”
She nodded.
“What happened?”
“I didn’t kill him if that’s what you’re thinking. Please don’t make me talk about it Jay-son, please.”
But we have to, he thought to himself. I’ve got to know what I’m getting into.
“But we have to – I’ve got to know what I’m getting myself into if this is more serious than…” he said exasperated.
She moved herself out of his arms and turned around. Looking him squarely in the face.
“Listen, it was a while ago. This man promised he loved me and I accepted his advances and then one day, he forced himself on me. Not long after, he was killed. I became pregnant and that’s that. Kojo is my baby and because I disgraced the family by having a baby out of wedlock, I might never get married…many people are very traditional in these parts so I am not holding my breath.”
Jason looked at her, still wondering to whom he was listening.
“Thanks for the explanation…in very good English, which begs the question, why is a girl like you, able to use complex English words, quote Frost while in the throes of passion, working as a waitress by night and a fish seller by day?”
She chose to answer with a deep throaty kiss, leaving Jason with a few more brain cells missing. She smiled at her effect on him and while she gently massaged his back with her long fingers, she told him her story.
“My father was a very rich man before his death so he had three wives; my mother was the third wife and was quite well educated- well, better than the other wives I guess – she’d gone to Takoradi Polytechnic to study graphic design and communications. When my father died suddenly at fifty-five, our entire household was thrown into disarray as various factions of the family fought to gain control of my father’s hundred hectare cocoa farm and two large fishing boats. My mother got nothing while the other two wives, by virtue of seniority got one fishing boat each. We were thrown out of my father’s house. My mother returned to her family house – that’s where you returned the bangles – and I had to quit school and sell fish with my mother. During the day, we went to the seaside and haggled with the fishermen and at night, she’d teach me from her books – poems by Coleridge, Keats, Browning and Frost as well as Shakespeare and also some science and mathematics. I longed for a time when I’d go back to school but with us having to eke out an existence from whatever little money the fish brought, it wasn’t a very promising future. One day at the Fish Market, a Chinese man walked by and he asked my mother if he could teach me to type…he needed a secretary. Mama Kate – that’s my mother’s name – was eager for me to do something different and she’d heard the Chinese were beginning to make inroads into our country; perhaps this could be my lucky break. She chatted with Mr. Jiang and the following day, I was on my way to Jiang Enterprises, a small electronics business off the Market Circle.”
“Yes I know it!” Jason interjected.
She laughed softly.
“I worked there filing papers, meeting clients and generally being general office help and one day Mr. Jiang’s older son came to visit from Shanghai. He was to become the new Manager.
“And…” Jason asked gently, willing the story to go on but hesitant to hear the next part.
“Well, he made it clear he wanted me. And, what future did I have if I said no? If I were fired from the job for not complying, I would have to go back to selling fish all the time – at least now, I sold fish early in the morning and worked in the office from 1 – 6pm. I welcomed his advances and one day, we went off to the woods together and he – forced – himself – on – me.” 
She stopped her story and walked off. 
Jason continued sitting on the makeshift steps, unsure of what to do. As he sat there contemplating his situation, a coconut seller walked towards him.
“Please Obruni – do you want coconut?”
He fished out one cedi from his wallet and paid for it, asking the young man to keep the change of half a cedi – the boy was ecstatic. Araba had still not returned so he sipped the juice and walked alone to the chalet that they had shared the night before.

He knew something was wrong when he walked into the living room area. Araba had left the resort, taking all her belongings and leaving behind the beautiful bracelet he had given her a few weeks ago, the one with the maple leaf on it. He ran out of the chalet towards the reception area, frantically looking around him. Outside was a small Nissan Urvan, loading up passengers – mostly workers – to take them to Takoradi. He ran to the minivan and scanned it, seeing Araba way at the back with her head on her lap. He yelled out her name and begged her to get down. She sat motionless, until the driver yelled at her:
“Hey, make you no worry the white man, my sister. He dey call you – make you no worry am!” 
Araba reluctantly got off the van and had to look Jason squarely in the face.
“Ok – what do you want?”
“What you probably want – except that I’m beginning to think I don’t know who you are.”
“Then why are you wasting your time with me?” she asked petulantly
Jason sighed. Yeah, why was he wasting time with this woman who was too much of a mystery to him? Wasn’t he safer with someone who spoke like him, looked like him, didn’t sleep with Asian business men and didn’t doubt his commitment to her?
“I honestly have no idea but I do know I want to be with you…maybe for better for worse.”
“Ei, white boy – be careful ohhh!” she laughed and that dissolved a lot of the anxiety Jason had had.

They walked together back to the chalet and with arms wrapped around one another, Jason learned about the intricate customary rites one had to go through to get a wife and Araba learned about the oil business. As the sun peeked through the shades in a morning that held more promise than that of the day before, Jason found that he had made a decision. Araba was still undecided.
“But will you come back Jay-son”, she asked, breaking his name up into two distinct syllables in her heavily accented English.
“Of course honey, of course I will. Why do you ask?” 
“Well, I know many white men who say exactly that. They use you and they leave you. That’s why I’m asking.”
“And I know many Ghanaian girls who use white men too…for their money,” Jason retorted.
Araba smiled.
“So you see, it cuts both ways – we have to trust one another and believe that when I say I want you, I mean I want you. Ataa?” He smiled at his own attempt to speak the local Fanti dialect. 
She nodded and slipped out to the reception area to get them some Fanta drinks.

Chapter 8 
September 5, Oakville, Canada

Sarah was dreaming. It was in the morning and she was looking at herself in the full-length mirror beside the double doors. She always looked thinner in the morning. Her tummy seemed to be flatter, her skin firmer and her silhouette that much more desirable than around six pm – her worst time of the day. Maybe she should try and entice Philip in the mornings. She reached to her side of the bed where the bassinet stood. She picked one of the bottles of milk she’d pumped around two in the morning, shook it gently, put a few drops on the back of her hand, winced at the taste and picked the baby up. She then proceeded to feed him, cooing and gently rocking him as the baby hungrily sucked the life giving substance. The shrill ringing of the phone woke her from this all too familiar dream in which there was always a baby, and she was always his mother.  

She ignored the irritating rings and rolled over. Unable to ignore it after the fourth ring – the answering machine was set to come on after six rings - she stretched her neck to see the caller ID and smiled wistfully when she realized it was Philip. She debated returning to her dream but knew exactly where it would lead. Instead, she chose to think of Philip, their relationship and their future, a future that looked horribly difficult especially since that fateful day in the doctor’s office. It was bad enough that they couldn’t have a baby and now, Philip had AIDS? 

They’d met in Toronto, through a mutual friend who thought they’d be great together. His eyes were piercing and shrewd but on getting to know him, Sarah realized that Philip was merely a risk taker. There was no business idea that Philip didn’t find interesting. In his position as IT analyst at Greybank in Hamilton, he was always meeting people who had participated in and experienced quite a lot of financial gain in the tech boom.  While she pursued her science degree, Philip was already working in the IT industry after completing his degree in Computer Science & Business. They dated on and off for two years and then he popped the question. When she said yes and told her Mama, she got a dressing down; when Margaret was mad, her Ghanaian accent completely took over her diction.

“Ei, these days young people paa. Now when you need to get married, you talk to each other first? I’m sure you’ve got some of your Auntie Ceci’s wayward genes…she never listens to anyone you know? She’s moving to Canada ohhhhh….and she just told me last week!”

To which Sarah just howled with laughter. Of course they’d talk to one another first! She couldn’t imagine a situation where she didn’t know who she’d be marrying but her parents would. Their track record in choosing spouses for others was not great; Sarah’s brother was married to a woman whose infidelity was the talk of their little town of Bethlehem…in Texas. And to top it off, he was called Joseph and she was called Mary but there was no offspring to bear the sacred name of Jesus. Talk about a useless pun. 

Her reverie was interrupted by another phone call. She woke with a start and the suddenness brought on a massive headache that made her squint in the dim light of their bedroom.

 “Have you got your laptop on?”
“No…why?”
“Because I need you to send me something right away”
“But I’m sleeping….oh okay, hold on a minute.”
Sarah deftly swung her legs out of bed, trudged to the living room and switched her laptop on.
“Okay, I’m online now”, she said as she continued to pat the baby down.  “Are you still there? Jane?”
“ Yes, Yes, I just need you to send me something I can use to assess the laboratory assignment that has to do with ASA. I had the students perform the experiment and forgot to give them the rubric. Do you have that?”
Sarah sighed and then smiled to herself. Jane was one of those adorable but eccentric friends of hers and she had enjoyed sharing many a high school summer with her. They both grew up in Ghana, went to the University of the Gold Coast and then both got scholarships to study in Canada. By the time Sarah completed her Masters in Science Teaching, she was married and moving to Toronto to work with the Peel District School board while Jane – always the more adventurous of the two – was off to teach in Korea.
“Shall I send it to your school email address?’, Sarah asked.
“Yah, please. My class is in an hour and I bet the photocopy room is full of people who wait till the last minute!”
“You mean people like you?”, Sarah laughed.
“You paaaa, just shut up!” Jane scoffed. They had a tendency to lapse into Ghanaian lingo every so often. 
“How are your tenth graders behaving this term?” Sarah asked.
“Huh? Oh yeah, they’re fine. Still whiny and not realizing they have very little time left for university. They don’t want to hand anything in on time and when you take marks off for lateness, their parents come after you like you’re the one who’s committed a crime. Girlfriend, gotta run, I hear the PA…apparently there’s an emergency staff meeting. Will call you back yah?”

Sarah hung up and slowly walked towards the bedroom she shared with Phillip. They’d bought this one bed-roomed condominium in Oakville just two years ago and were slowly beginning to enjoy suburban life. Her semester sabbatical was surely coming at the right time but when she requested the leave of absence, it was really to allow her body to recover from the onslaught of medical treatments and invasions she felt she’d had to endure this past year.

A sideways tilt of her head revealed a stain on the once silky sexy nightdress she was wearing. These days, she hardly cared what she looked like and sometimes wondered if she was going through some sort of pseudo postpartum depression.  Of course with no baby to show for it, it made no sense to call it that but what else did she have? Every test came back inconclusive and she had been to every info session she could find. Philip had initially not been worried about their inability to conceive but about three years ago, he had been asking a lot of questions. She was excited about this pro-active attitude of his and this buoyed her on to find several websites and fertility gurus all over the globe.  Last year it had been an herb-like treatment from India. All you had to do was mix it with water and drink it every four hours at precisely the same time each day. She had followed it religiously and even Philip would call to remind her from work. Philip had started teaching in the same board of education as she did after he lost his IT job and the more she heard him talk about his students and what they were learning, the more she realized he was made for the classroom. Of course he didn’t need to have gotten this job for her to know – she just had to watch him at church with the youth; he was a natural.

Which made it all the more frustrating when the regular treatments didn’t work and the non-traditional treatments from as far away as little Islands in the Pacific, made her gag. Once she’d known she’d need some time to recuperate and get her body back in shape, she called Jane who was finishing her fourth year of teaching in Korea and told her there’d be a vacancy at her school. Jane was ready to come back to Canada but the effort required to find a job was something she had forgotten how to summon up, so she just continued year after year, teaching in an environment that didn’t give her a thrill anymore but was still something that produced a paycheck.  It was easy to get Jane to be interviewed. Sarah had already wowed her administration with her focus on lab work and gifted education and Jane, if a little eccentric, could do almost the same thing. Within a month, Jane was calling flight agents to figure out the cost of the flight back to Canada and Sarah was no longer feeling guilty that her students would have a useless teacher as they prepared to go to university. As she mused over her previous four years at Johnson Braeburn Academy for Excellence, she was also glad she was missing this ‘emergency’ staff meeting. No doubt the ineffective principal, Mr. Aubry Hamm would be shifting needlessly from foot to foot, wondering how to correctly phrase the inane statement he was about to make, probably something along the lines of ‘Please make sure students pay attention in class’, or ‘It has come to my notice that the senior students are not helping junior students’. Wow, what do you say to that? A smile slowly crept along Sarah’s face as she recalled those staff meetings, and how badly all the teachers wanted to laugh and yet how maturely they held their faces together. By Mr. Hamm’s side would be his trusty sidekick Mrs. Jess Mapin, one of those women who had been very effective, a very long time ago. Word on the street was that she had hit the glass ceiling before there was a glass ceiling and she was now reduced to saying yes to everything Mr. Hamm came up with. She was planning to retire in a few years and gave the impression that she’d given up on the educational corporate ladder. No one was fooled.
Brrrrr….
Sarah rushed to the pick up the phone.
“Hello?”
“Girl, you sitting down?”
“Yes, why?” Sarah answered apprehensively. Jane was breathing very deeply and seemed distressed.
“I don’t know this guy since I’ve just gotten here but you probably will. Kevin Taylor.”
“Yes, I remember him. Tall guy, school athlete, awesomely polite with amazing parents. Why, what’s wrong?”
“Well, he just died.”
“WHAT?”
Sarah screamed so loudly that within five seconds of the scream, another followed, as her tiny condominium took on the characteristics of a cave. She heard her voice echoing all over the place and clutching the phone, moved from one part of the apartment to another, stomping as she murmured to herself ‘no, no, no…”
Taking a deep breath, she asked calmly.
“What are you talking about?” 
“Hamm just told us that Kevin was working at his after school job and had an accident. He was rushed to Sick Kids Hospital by helicopter but died en route. Everyone is in a daze here and I feel weird, girl. I didn’t even know the guy and I’m feeling weird.”
“Oh dear God. Why? Not…him”, Sarah muttered.
“I’ll call you tonight okay?” And with that, Jane was off and Sarah was left to process this information. This is where it would have been a godsend to have a baby to hold…to divert attention; she would jog the baby up and down as she processed the information. How could this possibly happen to such a good kid? Last year, he was the only student in the class to hand his work in on time, and being a school athlete, it was a complete shock. He never complained about work…he was quite the darling. And of course the girls worshipped the ground he walked on but he never took advantage of that adoration. Seriously speaking, Kevin was quite a kid and she’d often pray that if she ever had a child of her own, that he’d turn out that decent. She quickly leaned on one of the chairs in the dining hall area, slowly allowing herself to feel the soft cushion. She went back to her Apple laptop and decided to go on twitter…she’d most likely find some information there and she needed to be kept busy. She signed in and looked to find one of the trustworthy students in her previous class and clicked to ‘follow’ her. Almost immediately, she started receiving a barrage of tweets about Kevin. He’d apparently died just that morning surrounded by family. He never woke from the coma and late the previous night, his parents had decided to let him go peacefully to his Lord. The funeral was the following weekend in Oakville, at Our Lady of Mercy at the Corner of Trafalgar and Basildon. Sarah immediately put it in her calendar and then got up to call Philip.
“Hi”, she said softly.
“Hi sweets. I called you earlier… were you still sleeping”?
He sounded very happy to hear her and who could blame him? Lately, they only spoke to one another to relay important information – your dinner’s on the range, make sure you let the cat out, there’s a debit on our bank statement from a company I didn’t shop at – did you?”
“Yah, sort of but one of my students has just died” Sarah said.
“WHAT?”
“Yah, I know, Kevin Taylor -you know the athletic kid I was telling you about the other day? The one who organized the surprise party for Mr. Hamm?”
“Yes I do. What happened?”
“I’ll tell you when you get home. Its just too weird right now and I’m…I’m just all shook up. Can you please pick up some couscous on your way home?”
“Sure. Hang in there. I know how much you liked him but these things happen.”
“THESE THINGS HAPPEN? KIDS DIE IN FREAK ACCIDENTS LIKE THIS ALL THE TIME?” Sarah’s voice was definitely not a whisper this time. She put one hand on her chest as she fought back tears, breathing heavily with sadness and anger all at once.
“No, you know what I mean. I mean stuff happens that we have no control over. I know I’d hate for this to happen to any of my students”, Philip concluded.
“I can’t believe you’re saying that…like its no big deal.  Did anyone tell you in Teachers College that you’d be outliving your students?”
Philip sighed. Clearly he was going to have to handle her with very kid gloves; she was extremely raw.
“No of course not. I’m sorry honey…I’m just tired. But I’m really glad you called me to share the information, however sad.”
“Gosh you are absolutely no help!!!” Sarah yelled down the phone line. She burst into tears and the waterworks muffled the next few sentences Philip muttered an apology. She placed the wet handset back into the cradle, staring at the wall right in front of her.
“Ugh”! She spat out.

Philip hung up and stared for a few minutes at his phone. Then he placed it back in his pocket. In another lifetime, he would have called her back, and jokingly asked if it was her time of the month. He couldn’t afford to do that now. The past few months had been the worst of his life. He felt sick and he looked sick. He’d never been one to dwell on outward appearances but it was getting to the point where it was painful to look at himself in the mirror. His face was blotchy, patches of dark pink in a sea of light pink, eyes that looked dull and a smile that no longer looked inviting because of persistent cold sores. It wasn’t surprising that Sarah never looked at him with desire. Of course with the diagnosis of HIV, there wasn’t much they could do in bed and there was definitely no energy. How long they were going to go on like this was anyone’s guess but he for one wanted it to be over.  He took his phone out of his pocket and started dialing a long distance number.

“This is the MTN mail box belonging to 0243 334 909, please leave a message”
“Jay bud, its Phil. Just calling to check up on ya. Hope you good. Call when you get this message ok?”
Phillip wearily put the phone back in his pocket and stared out of the office window.

It was a bright sunny day at the forested prayer camp three hours outside the city of Accra and the tall woman with the stately gait made her way towards the center of the crowded field, making sure to watch her step. There were men and women lying on the ground on makeshift beds, some surrounded by relatives, others alone and looking barely alive. Suddenly she heard a shrieking voice that sounded like it came out of someone very much out of this world. Before she could turn around to see the source of the blood-curdling sound, she was knocked down onto the dusty field by a group of people who were also trying to get away from the shrieking voice. Swallowed by the confusing crowd, she barely managed to let out a gasp before coming face to face with what could only be described as a demon.  He was bedraggled with cuts all over his body, matted hair and a smell that raccoons would run away from. She lay still on the sodden earth, trying not to look at him. Beside him, trying to hold onto him were two beefy men and an older woman with a headscarf tied in an old fashioned way – all the way forward on her forehead. The latter was crying and shaking as she shouted.
“Jesus, help us ohhhhh. Who else do we have to turn to eh? This madness…where did it come from ohhhhhh? O God, help my child please”
The mad man continued to struggle with the two beefy men, yelling obscenities at them and cursing at the top of his demonic voice. Suddenly, one of the men gave him a big knock on the side of his head and with that, he fell to the ground beside the tall woman. Almost immediately, he started shaking violently, frothing at the mouth and seemingly choking. Everyone started running away from him, except the tall woman who looked like she was not from these parts, who lay transfixed at the same spot, unable to move away and yet, well aware that she was in a dangerous place. The mad man continued to foam at the mouth as his relatives, among those who’d run away, started screaming at the woman.
“Madam, move away ohhhhh…if you become mad too, you can’t blame us ohhhhh. Get up quick!”
She slowly came to, and started shifting slowly away from the mad man. She was afraid to move too fast just in case he woke from whatever trance he was in and made straight for her. On the other hand, if she didn’t move away, the froth emanating from his body would touch her. And according to what she’d heard, it was dangerous, though how so, she had no idea. By the time she had moved about two feet from him, the frothing stopped and he lay as if dead. The relatives ran to him and his mother took off her outer cloth that she’d wrapped around her long skirt and started cleaning her son up. People started attending to their own business and the out of town woman slowly moved away from the scene. She looked around her to make sure no one she knew had seen her. She need not have worried. No one there knew who she was. 
Except the wizened man with the darting eyes who always came with her, and who stood surreptitiously at the edge of the field with an incredulous look on his face.

Philip had asked for a leave of absence from the school board for the upcoming Winter Semester. In the past month, he had hacked and coughed and sneezed more than he ever had in his entire life. Preparing lesson plans for the grade nine’s was a chore but the twelve’s were a delight. Maybe it was because they were applying to universities and the heat was on. Maybe it was their hormones. Whatever. They were giving him less hassle than they did last year and especially at this time, Philip needed less hassle in his life.

He stared at his laptop as he sat in the Staff Room. He felt people were looking at him weirdly but then again, he felt many things these days, most of them unreal. After that disastrous phone call from Sarah, the house had seemed chillier than normal, a normal that had replaced the warmth which had previously characterized his marriage. When he’d first laid eyes on her, he’d thought she was hot. So hot he dared not talk to her. She was medium height, lovely black hair done in cornrows and a body that made him think that all female bodies should be made this way. He’d dated many types but this was the first time he had felt attracted to a black girl…and he felt weird. So weird he told no one, hoping the feeling would pass because it seemed like such uncharted territory. They were both at University of Toronto, taking a French elective along with fifty other students so it was easy for him to watch her without making it too obvious. One morning, just after the class had ended at eleven, he gingerly walked behind her, aching to say hi, introduce himself and maybe ask her for a coffee at the Tim Hortons in the Quad. As he mustered the courage, she paused to pick up a pen that had fallen out of her open purse and onto the floor. He debated in that split second whether to pick it up. He did, she smiled her thanks at him and flashed those pearly white teeth and he had a chance to look into her dark brown face. How very odd that black people had such white teeth, he thought. 
‘Hey, you in a hurry”?
‘No, not really’, she replied
‘Shall we get a coffee?” he suggested.
She nodded and they headed towards Timmy’s, talking about their Professor, Mademoiselle Landry’s insistence on everything being handwritten in this age of technology and the maddening way she refused to let them work on individual projects – everything had to be done in groups. By the time they sat down – Philip with his coffee (with double cream) and Sarah with her medium French Vanilla – they were friends. Philip was amazed that they shared so much in common: Sarah loved sports, had even played field hockey in her native Ghana and she followed American football avidly – she was a diehard Buffalo Bills Fan. No one had ever told him that an African, let alone a woman would enjoy the commercially brute excitement of an NFL game. He was even more enamoured when she knew of the famous game – The Miracle at Rich - that the Bills played against the Houston Oilers in the nineties where they had the greatest comeback of any NFL team. He was in love and he knew it. They said good-bye but he knew his mind was enraptured. How was he going to make this work?
He still couldn’t tell anyone but he decided to find out everything about Ghana. He had only heard of Guyana and was smart enough not to say that to her face. He went online and searched for its location. Then he read various blogs about traveling in Ghana and what it was famous for, surprised that it had been a major hub for the slave trade prior to the nineteenth century. He didn’t know any black people and he knew of no friends of his, or family who knew any black people. The more he read, the more he learned and by the time Mademoiselle Landry had what they called her ‘awakening’ and asked them to choose partners for a skit, he knew who he wanted to work with.

Sarah seemed reserved those first few months. She was fun to be with but she never initiated any intimacy. Later, she told him it was the Ghanaian way – no girl ever acted like she wanted a boy; that was sacrilegious and shameful. He was intrigued and wondered if she’d never have told him if he never told her he liked her. Yes, she replied emphatically. She was raised to believe that a man should go after the woman and not the other way round. Odd, Philip thought, but quite endearing. She had no family in Canada since she’d come over as a foreign student so there was no one to meet in the early stages of the relationship, which suited him fine. He had family but they were also out of province. Many a night was spent introducing Sarah to ice hockey, a game she thought was beautiful when the Russians played the Canadians and never when the Americans played the Canadians! She initially couldn’t stand the smell of macaroni and cheese, said it smelled like vomit. He added some shrimp, threw in a couple of mango slices and she was literally eating out of his hands. She told him that when they were married, he’d never have to cook. She’d be disowned by her family if she allowed her husband to be seen slaving away in the kitchen. Another odd thing, he thought but he was secretly looking forward to it. The thought of it actually turned him on and he wondered if creeping up from behind her while she chopped cucumbers or some such vegetable would scare her or turn her on; he was excited just at the thought. This signaled a turning point in the relationship and Philip decided to do the official thing and ask her to marry him. He arranged for a para-gliding lesson, did all the necessary arrangements and then invited Sarah to come along with him. It was a warm April afternoon and the instructors had assured him that there was going to be no April shower or freakish thunderstorm. Sarah, arrived, intrigued at the thought of hanging in the sky.
“You know my parents will have heart attacks when they hear I am doing this?”
“Why, its fun” replied Philip.
“Yah, I know its fun but its dangerous Philip. You white people are not afraid of this sort of thing at all are you?”
“And why should we be? If we take all the necessary precautions, how could anything go wrong?” Philip asked.
“Well…there are bad spirits and stuff…”
“A-n-d?”
“And they can do stuff” Sarah added, sounding unsure of herself.
“What kind of stuff? Like cut the strings, punch a hole in the equipment, cut off our heads, blind us so we don’t see what we’re doing?” 
Philip was joking but one look at Sarah told him she wasn’t on the same page with him. This was not going the way he planned.
“Listen Sarah, I’m sorry, I was just trying to be funny.”
“Well you weren’t…seriously, bad stuff can happen, don’t you know that? Don’t you believe in bad spirits?”
“Yes I do, but I also believe in good ones too and I’d rather think of them than always worry about the bad ones. If it makes you feel better, we shall pray, say the apostle’s creed or something and we’ll be protected. Deal?’
She smiled at him and cupping his face in her hands, she kissed him slowly and awakened all those yearnings he was trying desperately to control. He ached for her and wanted her so badly but she’d told him she planned on remaining a virgin until she married. He was very fine with that, when his head was okay. But when she did this to him, looking at him with her large brown & white eyes, her full lips taking his less full lips head on, literally, running her hands along his back and arching her front so it fit snugly into his own, he was definitely not fine with that. He breathed in her scent, struggling not to show how madly his body was behaving and then she slowly released him from her hold. His head felt faint. O God, he wanted her so badly. 

The preparation for the flight took about an hour and a half and by the time they were all suited up, Sarah was the one who felt faint.
“Do you know how many bad spirits are rejoicing right now that I’m playing into their hands? Huh? I’ve kept safe for so long and now, I’m going to jump out of a plane? Do you realize I am the only black person here? I’m following you, a white boy who has done this several times and who has no bad spirits following him. May my ancestral spirits forgive me for doing this very foolish thing. Philip, promise me you will never tell my mother otherwise she will personally cage me until some sense is knocked into my African head. What the hell am I doing here? Tell me now. WHAT THE HELL!”
Philip clutched her as her body stiffened with fear. He reached into his pocket and fingered the ring. He couldn’t wait to shut her up by showing it to her. 
It was their turn to jump. The helicopter was flying low over some fields and down below, all seemed right with the world. Up above, Philip was smiling and holding tightly onto the hand of a frightened black girl. She was heaving so strongly that it could have been possible for her to drown out the engines of the helicopter. The instructor motioned to Philip for them to jump. He looked at Sarah, nodded and jumped, dragging her with him. She yelled and screamed but held on tightly. The winds were slow so it didn’t cut through their faces as much as he’d feared. She calmed down after they’d fallen about ten feet, still clutching his hands tightly and not planning to let go. At about fifty feet down, he told her he needed to get something from his pocket.
“What? Are you crazy? What will I hold onto?”
“My other hand honey!”
“I will skin you alive with my African knife when we get back to earth you hear? And I will make Macaroni and cheese out of your white body you hear?”
He smiled. Holding the ring in his left hand and trying to swallow as little wind as possible, he shouted:
“Sarah Ama Adobea Ankrah, will you marry me?”
He felt so proud of himself pronouncing those names. Well Sarah was easy. But the others were quite the mouthful but after she explained what they meant, it oddly became easier. Ama meant she was a girl born on Saturday and Adobea was her grandmother’s name.
She just stared.
And then she smiled.
“Give me your hand white boy! I need that more than the ring!”
“But will you marry me?’ he insisted
“If you give me your hand and it has the ring, well…I’ll have no other choice, will I?”
She smiled, clutching his hands ever tighter. They could see the ground now and in a matter of minutes, they would be on terra firma. 
They landed with different thuds. Philip’s was soft because he knew how to land and Sarah’s could be heard a mile away because as she later told Philip, she thought her ample African buttocks would cushion the fall. Fat chance. She rubbed her sore bottom, aching and moaning for the next few minutes. He sat quietly looking at her and then he moved closer. She pretended not to notice and kept rubbing her thighs, ankles, anything just to keep from looking at him. He was willing to wait and when she finally turned to look at him, she had tears in her eyes.
“Why are you crying?” he asked.
“Because I love you.”
“And I love you too and that’s why I want you to marry me.”
“But I can’t’, she replied softly
“But you just said you loved me”, Philip was confused.
“I know I did. But that doesn’t mean I will marry you’.
“What the hell does that mean?’
‘Please don’t be angry, let me explain. You see, I’m the only daughter of a very educated man, a Ghanaian diplomat who has even shaken the hands of the Queen of England.”
She rolled her eyes back. Clearly she didn’t think this was so important that they shouldn’t be married, Philip thought.
“My parents sent me here to Toronto, to get an education, not to get married to a white boy. Besides in Ghana, people don’t get married this way, the families have to get involved. They have to conduct an investigation to find out if there are any extenuating circumstances that would prevent us from having a very fruitful marriage, like insanity and incurable diseases and such. Yah, I know, sounds ridiculous but that’s how it’s been and it isn’t going to change. To date, I’ve never met anyone in your family and you’ve never met anyone from mine – what if my parents are insane and yours are…well, insane too? In Ghana, the family is so much more than just your parents and brothers and sisters – it’s everyone who’s ever known you since you were born. Can be a bit annoying but when I hear that someone wants to commit suicide here in the Western World because they are lonely, I realize why I hardly heard of such a reason to want to die in Ghana. Everyone is in your face so you don’t have a chance to be lonely. I cannot and will not get married without my parents permission and blessing and until we do get it…and yours as well, we’ll just have to…you know…hang out and stuff. Am I making any sense?”
Philip looked at his beloved. She was so beautiful when she was at her most ridiculous so for this performance, she would definitely be Miss Universe. 
“Tell me what to do my African princess and I shall. Shall we start with mine?”
She looked like she didn’t believe him at first. Wasn’t he going to argue that she was ridiculous?
‘Sarah, what you said makes no sense to me. But I’m willing to agree that it makes sense to you and if we are to be together, I’ve got to make sense of these African things. You’ve learned to eat mac and cheese, watch ice hockey, sleep with a cat in the same bed and cry when you are happy instead of only when you are sad. All things you tell me are quite white. So what do you say I learn some African things? I will learn to eat that sticky thing you call fufu and I promise not to gag. I will find a team, other than the USA, Spain or Portugal – a genuinely African team to support at the World Cup, and I will learn to dance well enough not to look like a rubber chicken. I will try not to let the cat sleep in my bed all the time and I will not beg you to let us keep snakes as pets.  Deal?”
Their trip to Ghana at Christmas of that same year was one of his most memorable trips anywhere. First of all, the trip took forever and the wait in Amsterdam was numbing. By the time they reached Accra, the capital of Ghana, he was aching for a bath and some air conditioning. The first, he got. The second, not really. The electricity was shut down to Sarah’s parents neighbourhood of Pokuase so after waiting half an hour for it to come on and it didn’t, Sarah’s father asked the house help to turn the generator on. Dr. Ankrah was a well-read man, educated at St. Cross, Oxford and with almost forty years of diplomatic service under his belt, he was on what he called, the final leg of his diplomatic tour. He was hoping for a posting closer to home but dreaded the thought of it being any of the unstable countries that shared Ghana’s borders. There’d been quite a lot of unrest after the government had dramatically reduced subsidies to farmers in the North and since that was a populous region, many international observers were keeping their fingers crossed that it wouldn’t incite the Muslim north to start an uprising. Mrs. Margaret Ankrah was Sarah’s mother. Tall, stately and the perfect hostess, she plied Philip with so much food that he knew he had gained ten pounds in only the first week of his visit. They visited the Kwame Nkrumah Mausoleum where the architect of Ghanaian independence from the British was buried. They walked on top of the rain forest in Kakum and lazed on the beaches of Busua in the Western Region. They water skied in Sogakope, hiked at the foot of the Shai Hills and took a leisurely cruise on the Volta Lake near Akosombo. Philip had heard of the Aburi Botanical gardens and wanted to see some of the world’s largest collections of herbal remedies so on the weekend before they left, they spent the whole day at the Arboretum. Local witch doctors told them they’d found the cure for cancer, heart disease, diabetes and AIDS. Philip marveled, till Sarah signaled with her eyes that it was all probably hogwash. By the end of the two-week trip, Philip was in love again. With a land that was both mystical and real, dirty in many parts but clean in some, warm at all times of the year and vibrant like he’d never known anywhere else to be. He and Sarah grew closer and he began to understand the connections that people believed they had to spirits – both good and bad.
On the last evening, as the family gathered to say good bye with a dinner so elaborate that Philip thought the Queen of England was going to be there, Philip officially asked Dr. & Mrs. Ankrah for Sarah’s hand in marriage.  There was loud clapping and shouts of joy from everyone present. There were aunts and uncles, cousins twice and thrice removed and old family friends from Sarah’s parents old college days. Sarah’s brother and his wife were in Texas so she had no sibling present, but no one looking at the gathering would have guessed it. The meal was a five course one, replete with hot sauces, fruits and vegetables, sticky yams and fried meats. Then there was the dancing. Hot African rhythms that begged you to move your body and slow gyrating melodies that pulled you towards a bedroom to continue the movements your body had already began to make. Philip was completely sold and as he held Sarah’s body really close, his achy dreams of the past year crashed into his reality. Here was his love and he wanted her like never before.
‘Ei, excuse me ohhhhh, not until the engagement ohhhh’, boomed a loud voice from behind him, interrupting his erotic thoughts.

That was Uncle Ebo, Sarah’s forty-year-old uncle. He worked for Newmont, a gold company based in East Legon, a suburb of the capital of Accra. He was still not married and Sarah had hinted to Philip that he might be gay. Philip wondered why no one knew Uncle Ebo was gay.
‘How will they when they know no one who is gay? Do you know I never knew there was such a thing till I came to North America? I remember we used to call boys who acted as girls, Kojo-Besia, meaning  Kojo-girl. And you know that Kojo refers to a boy born on Monday right?’ Sarah explained.
Uncle Ebo was gyrating his hips, much like everyone else except that his was a bit effeminate. Philip smiled at him, trying to move his body in rhythm with the Kwabena Kwabena hit that everyone else seemed to know. They continued dancing as they talked above the music. Philip moved closer to Uncle Ebo so he could respond to his accusation.
“What do you mean Uncle Ebo? We’re practically engaged”.
“Who said so?” Ebo asked.
“Dr. Ankrah. When I asked him for Sarah’s hand in marriage, he nodded.”
Uncle Ebo laughed.
“Oh you white people! He was just being polite. You’re not engaged yet my son. All you’ve done is declared your intent. Just you wait till you find out what the engagement is!”
With that he sidled away, gyrating his effeminate hips and turning heads all around the room. Philip continued dancing his way towards the kitchen, where Sarah had disappeared when Uncle Ebo came up to talk to him. She wasn’t there but all the ladies smiled broadly at him and congratulated him. What did Ebo mean then? Why would they be congratulating him if he wasn’t engaged to Sarah?
Philip woke with a start from his reverie in the staff room. Those had been the very good days. What he would give to go back there? Everything. It was a no brainer.


As a mourner, Sarah could wear nothing but black. Ghana does that to you; makes you colour conscious even for events. She maneuvered her green VW Beetle off the main road and into Basildon Court. The parking lot was packed with other mourners and the little church looked like it would be ready to burst at its seams. She drove out of the parking lot after unsuccessfully trying to capture a spot and managed to find street parking two streets down. She deftly parallel parked and stepped out of the car - a 2008 model – like she was stepping out of a Mercedes 320. Just like Mama had taught her.

“Ei, if you want to be a lady, you’ve got to show you’re a lady ohhhhh…even when you’re just getting out of a car, everyone must see that the Queen has arrived.”

Sarah’s mother Mrs. Margaret Ankrah was one of those women who had married ‘up’ and was ready at all times to show it. She insisted on ‘proper dress’ at all times, and made sure that everyone knew that she’d been invited to Buckingham Palace as the wife of a man who represented the Ghanaian diplomatic corps.

Despite her grief, Sarah smiled wanly. The last time she’d been to Ghana was about four years ago and she missed her mom and dad deeply. Her only brother was in Maryland with his wife and she really didn’t get much time to see them. Without family in Canada, she and Philip had been drawn to the Church of The Holy Sepulcher and it was here, a multicultural church in the heart of Toronto that they had formed strong bonds with members that they now called family. Philip was an Elder as well as the Assistant Youth Pastor and she was the Assistant Treasurer.  She walked into the Sanctuary where Kevin Taylor’s funeral was being held and heard soft mellow music as she viewed the one thousand or so people who’d gathered to celebrate his life. Jane had told her she’d sit at the back and reserve a seat for her so she made her way along the back row, looking for a black, medium height woman with a gigantic hair weave. Ah, there she was. Jane was looking stunning with a thirty-inch wavy hair weave and wearing a dark pair of pants and dark jacket. Still so Ghanaian – there was no way they could go a funeral without wearing black!

She slipped in beside her best friend, took the program that Jane handed her and proceeded to look around. This was a painful exercise since the room was filled mostly with students and their parents, all of whom she recognized and who recognized her. It was only the first week of school and already, there was so much grief to deal with.Tears welled up in Sarah’s eyes as she looked up on the projector to see Kevin’s young tanned face, eyes full of life and a smile full of hope. The thought that this human being would never walk the earth again filled her with so much wrath and sorrow that she just had to get out. Sarah literally stomped out with her head low, tears coursing down her cheeks and snot struggling to stay in her nose. She rushed to the bathroom, relieved to find no one else there and just bawled her eyes out. As she drooled and wiped – nose, eyes, mouth – she used her hands to hold onto the industry standard sink and stared at her tear streaked face in the mirror. What looked back was a grown woman with blood shot eyes. She wondered how much worse she could look if she’d visited Johnny Walker the night before.

Sighing deeply, she wiped her face and proceeded to go back into the service. Jane looked inquiringly at her but didn’t push any further when the redness in her eyes and the smudged makeup revealed what Sarah had been doing. The service continued with singing and remembrances and then before midday, the coffin was led down the aisle as the family walked behind solemnly. When they got to her, she reached out to the nearest family member, Mr. Taylor and gave him a hug.
“I’m so sorry”, Sarah said between sobs.
“He’s with the Lord…and we have to accept that” his father said.
“But how can you be so calm Mr. Taylor?” Sarah asked incredulously. 

The man didn’t look like he’d cried at all. Could be a white thing, Sarah thought. This was one of the first shockers in her adult life; that a white funeral and a Ghanaian funeral could be fundamentally and markedly different. At the former, you could see family members, standing around the open casket smiling or laughing, chatting and eating cookies and at the Ghanaian one, intense wailing from everyone present, even those who didn’t know the deceased or the family members, and had come in for the free food. It was considered bad luck to have a dry eye at your funeral. Why worry about more bad luck after you’re dead, Sarah often thought.

“I’m not so sure Mrs. Arthur-Beck. All I know is that people like you touched Kevin’s life and made it so meaningful while he was here. I think perhaps, God has given us what he talked about – that peace that passes all understanding?”

This man was seriously delusional Sarah thought, as she nodded graciously, pretending to understand everything he’d said. Yah, maybe it was a white thing - this stiff upper lip business that stopped people from showing emotion. Here was a seventeen year old young man, in his prime for crying out loud, destined for great things and snatched away before he could accomplish them and all his father could say was he had a peace? She grabbed Jane’s hand and found the quickest way out of the sanctuary, stomping off like someone was sticking pins in her.

“Did you hear him?” she angrily asked Jane as they exited the large church building into a blistering Canadian sunshine devoid of heat.
“Girl, you’re over-reacting ohhh…you’re just really angry and sad at the same time”, Jane concurred wisely.
“Oh shut up!”
“Please ohhh, don’t bring your wahala on me please. I’m just trying to make you see that you should chill. You’re not Kevin’s mom…heck, you’re not even family!”
“And you think I don’t know that? Of course I’m not his parent, I’m his teacher!”
“And you think that gives you the right to be more upset than his parents?”

They walked together in silence, Sarah still stomping in her two-inch Walmart no name brand heels and Jane in her four-inch Manolo Blahnik knock offs she picked up shopping in Bangkok. The two friends reached their cars and glared at each other.

“I need to laugh again”, admitted Sarah.
“Well follow me – Ayo and Margarethe had planned to meet me at the Tim Hortons at Dundas and Trafalgar. You know Margarethe will have stories about her many men!”
Sarah groaned.
“Not that kind of laughter Jane! I don’t want to hear how she’s seeing another guy just after dumping another one two weeks ago. I’m really getting worried about her you know, there’s only so much time before she contracts something…”
“Like AIDS?”
“Yah, like AIDS.”
“Oh stop being morbid and let’s go!” 
Jane revved up her pink Ford Fiesta and waited for Sarah to do the same. They slowly made their way out of the crowded parking lot and headed towards Trafalgar Road.


Margarethe and Ayo were waiting at Senora’s as promised and as Jane’s Fiesta, a few cars ahead of Sarah’s turned into the parking lot, they let out a whoop. The four had been friends for a couple of years and every so often, they’d meet and have a chin wag.
Margarethe was a petite brunette with lashes that seemed immediately fake but were not. She was a Business Analyst for AT & T after having completed a degree in Business and Communications at Wilfred Laurier University. She was in her mid thirties, still unmarried and seemingly not worried about her ‘condition’, as Jane called it. Almost every time they met, Margarethe had a story about a guy she was dating, and it was never the same one. Ayo was Nigerian and had lived in Canada for about ten years, ever since her husband had accepted a position as a Professor of Education at McMaster’s new Mississauga Campus. She was tall and buxom, fair skinned and with a permanent hair weave, something the girls laughed about constantly. She had the natural confidence of a Nigerian woman, sure of her beauty, her strength and her ability to train a man and she would often regale her friends with stories such as the day she was going out to do her hair and her husband Tunde asked:
“Where are you off to?’
“Why?’, she asked haughtily
“Well, I’ll be at home alone,” Tunde said.
“Ei, get used to it my brother, life is short.” Ayo responded.
They’d laugh and laugh and laugh at the thought of the six foot two Professor Tunde Akinlolu, wanting to be home with his wife because he didn’t want to be alone. And then Ayo would say:
“I lie ohhh”
And then they’d laugh again, recollecting how Ayo alone had the power to imitate the ways of African men and women with a vividness that made it difficult to believe that the incidents she spoke of would never happen in her home. 
She was clearly telling one of her stories when Sarah and Jane entered because Margarethe was almost on the floor laughing, holding her sides and almost choking.
“Ei Ayo, what are you doing to this poor white girl huh? Stop oh, before you get arrested for killing a white girl.” Jane jokingly said.
“Not my fault oh? Margarethe claims she is now dating a Nigerian man and I asked her if it was 419. Of course she doesn’t know about 419 so I told her to be careful he doesn’t chop her dollar ohhhhh! Especially as her body is not the kind that a legit Nigerian man would want, there’s got to be another reason for his interest in her and its not because she’s easy!”
They all burst out laughing. This was what they all needed and it was at times like this that they realized just how much they did. Ayo didn’t have a chance in hell at making Tunde laugh at home. He was surly, studious and too academic for her liking but her parents had chosen him for her so what choice did she have? They’d told her he’d take good care of her. Check. They’d told her she’d never be in want of anything material. Check. They told her there was no hint of infertility in his family so they’d have many children. She and Tunde had four strapping boys. Check. 
They didn’t tell her she’d hardly laugh.
Margarethe’s life, despite the spin she put on it was horribly empty. She was an only child with parents who’d adopted her when they were in their fifties. In her small town of Ancaster, she’d had few friends, quickly realizing that the world could be a cruel place if you had no familial backup. Because her parents were leaders in the church, she followed them dutifully, even going to the local Christian college for her first two years. All was well until that fateful night when she’d been brutally attacked by three men from a biker gang on the outskirts of Hamilton. She died that night and her spirit haunted this body that she hated with a might no one would ever know. Laughing with her girls was therapy. And she was addicted to therapy.
Jane was ashamed of herself. Here she was, a sassy, hot African girl with international experiences and still man-less. What was wrong with her? Why couldn’t she keep a man? She’d tried everything. The demure angle had attracted a soft-spoken Korean man while she was teaching in Korea. That was a two-week nightmare when she found that he couldn’t hold her unless her skin was cold and clammy. His demands, prior to a date included her lying in a cold bath to chill her skin. Then there was the Ghanaian guy she’d met online, both embarrassed at having to go online to find someone.  They chatted through skype till she found out his idea of a relationship, involved only co-habitation, at her expense. He was an illegal immigrant living in Ohio and he wanted out. Jane’s Canadian citizenship would be his ticket out of immigration hell. When she refused, he offered to pay her. Feeling like crap, she gave in to the advances of her yoga coach at the local Premier Fitness Center, starting a spiral free fall that was still in free fall. Whenever she wasn’t laughing with her girls, she wanted to cut herself, mutilate the body she no longer felt was useful. That was so, not, African, she thought.
“So Margarethe, is an engagement eminent?” Jane asked, a little jealous.
“I hope so” Margarethe grinned.
“Well you better get ready girl – these African engagements are not like your usual white ones you know? It’s a whole elaborate affair, like a real marriage. Right Sarah?”
All eyes were on Sarah who was quite subdued today. She smiled wanly, grateful for an opportunity to jump into a conversation at a safe point. She and Philip were going through the roughest patch of their marriage and a chance to recall one of the better times was very welcome.
“Well, let me tell you!’ she perked up. And the friends all inched closer. Margarethe took a bite of her biscotti while the others dug into their Caesar salads.
“You remember that we went to Ghana for a visit first, right? And Philip was shocked to hear that asking for my hand in marriage and receiving a positive response didn’t indicate an engagement right? Well my dear Margarethe, in Africa, the engagement begins with a knocking ceremony. This is where the groom’s family pays a bride price for the bride.”
“Ei, my bride price was high oh – about ten bars of gold and Tunde couldn’t wait to deliver!” Ayo butted in. 
Margarethe and Jane mock boxed her.
Sarah laughed as she continued.
“Both the groom’s side of the family and the bride’s are expected to be there along with well-wishers and hangers on. Being that the typical African family is large, it is not unusual to find a family ‘delegation’ of a hundred people at an engagement ceremony. There will be a lot of food and drinks, and with the talking drums, the general air will be festive. The family of the groom has to ceremoniously knock at the door of the bride’s family home to be allowed in. They will be kept waiting - tradition requires that they be mocked this way to indicate that they are looking for something so precious that they are prepared to humiliate themselves outside the door.”
‘Gosh, such drama!” Margarethe lamented.
“You call that drama girl? You aint seen nothing yet!” Jane added slyly
“Eventually, the brothers of the bride – the metaphorical gatekeepers - will demand an entry price and once this is paid, they are allowed to enter.  The groom’s family then states their mission, always reminding the ‘audience’ that the lady they seek is a beautiful one, an intelligent one, and very fecund!  The bride’s family agrees in principle that they have beautiful, intelligent and fecund young women in their household, but they are not sure whom the groom’s family is really asking for. Three ‘fake’ brides – and you can use your two pathetic girlfriends and yours truly- will be paraded before the groom who will attest to the fact that neither one is the true bride. The bride’s family will extol the beauty and virtue of their wonderful daughter, implying that she is too good for the groom. At which point, the groom’s family extols his virtues and supports all of this with gifts – a suitcase full of African fabric, lingerie, shoes, clothes and accessories for the bride, money and gifts for the parents of the bride, the siblings of the bride, the uncles of the bride, the aunties of the bride and the grandparents of the bride! And being that this is an African affair, your aunt doesn’t have to be your mother’s sister – she just has to have known you since you were a child and she qualifies!”
“OH MY GOD”, Margarethe exclaimed.
“Yes, your God!’ Ayo replied and they all surrounded poor Margarethe who looked like death’s shadow had been cast at her door, and gave her a big group hug.
“Not to worry Margarethe,” said Ayo slyly. “This guy is just ‘chopping your dollar’ so there’s no chance of you going through the harrowing experience Sarah has mentioned.”
This elicited another barrage of laughter from the girls by which time the main meal had arrived and this calmed them down a bit. As they dug into their meat and potatoes, Ayo prodded them about the funeral they’d just attended.
“What did you say killed him?”
“One of those bread making machines ohhhh’, Jane offered. “Its really sad.”
“Real natty, I tell ya. This kinda stuff is spiritual no bi so?” said Ayo, lapsing into Nigerian pidgin English. She turned to Margarethe and murmured a sorry.
“I was just saying it’s really weird, this kind of stuff. Back home it would for sure be some evil spirit that was following the family because of a curse of some sort.”
The African girls nodded their ascent. Margarethe looked confused but shook it off.
“So how is Philip these days?”, Margarethe asked
The table fell silent as all of them strained to hear Sarah’s answer without seeming too interested in it.
“He’s okay. Still plenty tired and stuff but at least it’s not worse than before. He’s planning on taking a semester’s leave of absence so he can really focus on getting better. You know how it is when you’re teaching day in and day out and those students are driving you insane.”
“I hear ya sista,” Jane said.
The table fell silent again. Not because no one knew what to say but because everyone wanted someone else to ask Sarah the other big question. Ayo broke the silence.
“How now the peekin wahala?” Again, she turned to Margarethe to translate her pidgin.
“I just asked how the baby process was going. Have they made any progress?”
“Yah, I got it?” Margarethe said. To which the other three smiled fondly at her. This girl was fast understanding their pidgin…truly a necessity for marrying an African man!
“Nothing much ohhhhh…its just getting so frustrating. I’m thinking of not trying for a while. My body is so tired and I think I miss work too.”
They murmured their ooms and aaaahs.
“Maybe you both need a rest girlfriend. The process has worn you out – physically and psychologically” murmured Jane.
All eyes were turned back to Sarah as she bought time by biting into a red leaf that stood out all by itself in the garden salad.
“Yes, his immunity has been compromised so he’s undergoing treatment. Just yesterday he had some blood work done and it shows that the steroids are working well and his white cell count is improving.”
She smiled, recalling how good it was to see him smiling again without wincing at the cold sores at the edge of his mouth. His arms were bulking up a bit more too and his thin lips were not horribly stretched across his teeth in the macabre way they had been the past couple of months.
“We’re thinking of visiting Rome actually.”
“Really!” the other three exclaimed. And then they burst out laughing at the coincidence.
“Yah…you know, life is way too short and we don’t want to take for granted, the time that we have so we’re going to go away –maybe at Christmas…still planning the details.”
“At Christmas?” said Ayo.
“Yah…why?”
“But it’s Christmas – you must be home for Christmas abi?”
Sarah looked at her in mock disgust.
“You sound like my mother, Ayo. I’m sure when she hears this, I will hear no end of ‘…what kind of pagan thing is this…’, ‘…what demon has gotten into you…’ and ‘…Ei Lord, what did I do to deserve this unholy child who is going to travel far away and indulge herself during your most holy season…’…!”
The girls burst out laughing as Sarah imitated her mother.
“And then she’ll go on to tell me of people she knows who traveled during Christmas and got maimed, shot, demon possessed or kidnapped.”
Margarethe stopped laughing before the rest of them, wishing that she could remember her home with such fondness. She indicated that she was off to the washroom and the laughter subsided as each one demanded the bill, haggled over who was going to pay for it and then proceeded to the bathroom to fix their makeup. Jane’s phone rang just as soon as she went into the washroom stall.
“Hello?”
“Hi Jane – its Philip – is Sarah still with you? I can’t seem to reach her on her mobile.”
“Um yah…but can you give me a minute please?”
She put the phone gently on the floor of the washroom stall and gave it a gentle shove into the next stall. Lucky there was no one else there but Sarah.
“Who is it?” Sarah’s voice hollered.
“Just pick it up and talk girl!”
“Hello?”
“Hi Hon – its Phil.”
“Hi baby – are you okay?”
“Yeah…now. Breaking news through CNN that two bodies of oil workers in the Takoradi had been found on the edge of path in the forest. They were white and I freaked out, got onto the phone right away to make sure Jason was alright.”
“And is he?” Sarah asked panicking as she got up from the toilet seat and tried to button her pants.
“Yes, he says he’s fine. He’s been spending many weekends at your parents but turns out when the incident happened, he was actually in Busua Akwaaba with a Canadian friend called Gerry so they missed all the fuss.”
“Oh thank God. When is he coming home Phil? This oil business has some undertones I don’t like at all.”
“I know honey…me too. He says he should be here by the 10th but he can only stay for about a week”
“That’s good – better than nothing right?  My mum will be here already too – we’ll have a full house Philip! 
“That will be nice.” he murmured. Yes, it really would be nice to have some more people in the lonely apartment and God knew having Margaret around felt like ten more people!
“I’m on my way home okay?”
“Sure. Love you sweets…”
“Love you more.”
By this time she was out in the sink area as her friends waited eagerly to hear what the news was. Ayo had pursed her lips as if waiting for a kiss while Margarethe had struck a pose by the door with a come hither look on her face. Jane grabbed Sarah by the shoulders while the others remained in their romantic poses.
“Cut the crap girl – we know you have the hots for your hubby and that’s all good but wassup with Jason?”
She explained what had gone on with the kidnapping and they all murmured in relief. As they walked out, Ayo seemed to have remembered something.
“Sarah, na dis your brother-in-law, he dey love black girls?”
“No Ayo, he made it very clear when he was here that he doesn’t find black girls attractive…and besides, aren’t you married?”
“Says who?” Ayo queried.
“Says Tunde!” the other three shouted.
“Please oh…I was just joking!” Ayo begged for mercy.
The four friends got into their respective cars and waved each other good-bye.

*****
Chapter 9: 
Sept 10, Toronto, Canada

Jason stood in line at Canadian immigration, marveling at how much he had missed order and quiet after a few months of living in Ghana. He stepped out of Pearson International Airport and hailed a black cab. It was clean, didn’t spit out noxious fumes and there were no street hawkers clamoring for his attention. It was good to be home.

The cab carefully inched its way up Highway 401 and the smoothness of the ride allowed Jason to be immersed in his own thoughts. He’d received a call from Sarah a few weeks ago telling him that Philip was doing poorly and could he come over for a visit? Although he was neck deep in work, he didn’t need to be asked twice. The land deal with Nana Bosompra had been sorted out but he had to contend with periodic visits by the four wise men and numerous other ‘concerned citizens’ who took turns warning him that he was treading in very muddy waters. He really didn’t care. The school was going to be built in Mangyea, a small fishing village near Axim and the previously unused warehouse, a relic of more glorious times was going to be renovated for use by KM Gas. In only one year, Jason had worked hard to establish a presence in a village that for several hundred years or more, been comprised of thatch huts built on the sand. Most of the inhabitants of the village were fisherman and it was not unusual to see pigs wandering the village often stopping to eat garbage. There was definitely no electricity and when KM’s scouts had identified the village as one to assist, it was easy to see why. Its chief was averse to foreign ‘help’ although he knew his people needed it and despite its remote location, Jason was surprised to hear that the chief was aware of some of the ills that were usually wrought on oil producing regions – the crime, corruption, prostitution, AIDS. However, after much negotiation – with the help of Auntie Maggie – Jason had crafted a deal that was acceptable to the Mangyea sub-chief as well as Nana Bosompra.
All these thoughts ran rampant in his mind as the black taxi arrived in Oakville, just outside Toronto before seven in the evening. Jason walked out and looked up and down the street wondering where everybody was. Why was Canada so quiet? He walked to the door marked 208 and pressed the doorbell. After a few minutes, he heard footsteps. A most familiar face opened the door.
“Jay-Son!”
“Hello Auntie Maggie” he laughed at the thought that he had seen Margaret in Ghana just a few weeks ago before she left to come to Canada for her 2nd visit in less than 4 months! 
She pulled him in – literally – while yelling at the top of her voice:
“Sarah, Sarah, Jay-Son is here ohhhhh – come downstairs!”
Jason smiled as he realized that it could be very quiet outside but wherever there were Ghanaians or Africans for that matter, there was bound to be an air of life demonstrated as noise. Philip had to be alive in this noise…he had to be. Jason took his shoes off and proceeded to get himself a drink from a kitchen he knew well. By the time he’d taken his first sip, Sarah was in the kitchen.
She looked lovely. She’d lost a little bit of weight but still looked healthy. Her hair was short and in twists, making her look quite funky and retro in a disarming way. She smiled broadly, revealing teeth that now did not seem unusual after all the white teeth he’d seen on Ghanaians amidst dark faces. He smiled at her and gave her a hug.
“You look wonderful Sarah.”
She laughed heartily, slapping him lovingly on the shoulder while hugging him back.
“Stop it Jason you bad boy! It’s so good to have you back…Philip can’t wait to see you!”
They walked softly up the beige carpeted stairs onto the first floor bedroom. Sarah motioned for him to be quiet as she gently eased the door open. Jason couldn’t wait – he peeked in, craning his neck to see… and felt the blood drain out of his body.

Philip had become emaciated to the point where it was difficult to see him in the big king-size bed. Sarah looked sadly at Jason and stepped aside for him to come through. Jason took very laboured steps into the room and stood at his brother’s bedside. There were no words he could summon. He just held Philip’s bony hand in his and rubbed gently. He felt a hand on either shoulder and turned to see Margaret on his left and Sarah on his right. He smiled wistfully.

That evening found Jason at the Fox & Fiddle, the pub he used to frequent in between trips abroad. It was at the corner of Hurontario and Burnamthorpe Roads and although it was about twenty minutes away from Sarah & Philip’s house, he really needed to get away from the morbidity that was engulfing them all. Sarah’s forced frivolity on seeing him had given way to a pensive busyness – she was cleaning everything in sight and he was darned if he thought anything needed cleaning. He wanted to avoid Margaret also, and from past experience, that could be a task akin to that given Jason and the Argonauts. Only one way out and that was to escape to a place that Margaret would not visit. A pub was as unchristian as they came so he relaxed at the bar. Maybe tonight, he could drown himself in his sorrows…hey maybe he could list them. He started making a mental note: (1) his beloved brother was dying, (2) he was in love with someone he met while she worked as a prostitute, (3) he was tired of politics – American, Canadian, Ghanaian, Chinese, World – everything, (4) he had thought he couldn’t wait to leave Ghana but coming back to Canada, he couldn’t wait to leave to go back. What the hell was wrong with him? Couldn’t anything just be a bit straightforward in his miserable life? He chugged another glass of Hennessey and motioned for the bartender to fill it up. He’d drink till he forgot his name.



Back at 208 Georgia Drive, Sarah had just finished feeding Philip and exhausted, plunked herself down in the deep dark brown cushions in the living room. Margaret came out of the guest room like a gale force wind, holding her bible in her right hand and a cell phone in the other.
“My dear, are you okay?”
“Yes Ma. I am. I wonder how much time he has. Everyday looks worse.”
“Did you slip the herb into his meal?” Margaret asked, looking around her to make sure no one was in earshot.
“Yes I did but it’s no use mother. I’ve never known those herbs to work.”
“You never know so just keep giving it to him.”
By this time, she’d made her way down the stairs and was sitting by her daughter.
“So tell me, how exactly did this whole thing come about because with what I’ve been hearing, this AIDS thing happens only with the men who sleep with men isn’t it? Is Philip like that?”
Sarah shook her head.
“Maybe he is and you don’t know ohhhh.”  Margaret prodded.
Sarah smiled wistfully.
“I know my husband, mother…he does not like men that way and besides HIV infection can happen to just about anyone. It’s transmitted through bodily fluids, so much of sexual intercourse leaves one very much open to infection if one sleeps with someone involved in risky behaviour.”
Sarah rubbed her temples as she finished her last sentence. This was not an area she’d talked about with anyone; even with Phillip, the conversation had taken place over a couple of weeks. Trying to find out where her husband could possibly have contracted the virus was not hard; he hardly had a social life, except through church.
Margaret sighed and then lowered her voice an octave.
“So how did you find out?”
“Well, ironically enough, I narrowed it down to work and church. My natural instincts told me it was his school because he’s there most of the time and there are all these horny high school girls sending him valentines and what not. He was quick to dismiss that line of questioning though but not as much when we started talking about church.”
“Church?” Margaret said stunned.
“Yes. Church. You know not everyone in church is pure right?”  Sarah was teasing now and the look on Margaret’s face indicated she had utterly fallen for it. She looked like she’d just stepped on a landmine and was shifting from bottom to bottom unable to keep the shock and indignation from her voice. As expected, her response to this latest revelation was peppered in the Ghanaian ooms and aahhs and ei’s and oh’s with hands flailing around her and occasionally meeting each other on top of her head. She was clearly distraught.
“You see ohhhhh…this is why demons and evil spirits have to be chased from the house of God even before the service begins. The devil sent an agent to lure your husband. Ei Ei Ei! Why do you think Phillip was unable to resist? Aaaahhhh….or were you not giving him what he needed? I thought I told you to make sure all his needs were being met eh?”

Sarah tried to resist smiling. She wondered if her mother thought of her role in life as anything but a wife and a mother. For the former, her duties were to ensure her husband was well fed, clothed, cleaned and satisfied…in and out of bed. She was to make sure his home run like clockwork and if Sarah thought critically, Margaret was quite good at it. For Sarah’s wedding night, Margaret had even slipped some almond shaped seeds into the bride’s purse, whispering in her ear ‘everyone needs help’. Sarah had no idea what that meant but had heard rumors of seeds that could turn ordinary lovemaking into a love fest, replete with bodies that never tired, emotions that never plateaud along with an overwhelming sense of well-being the morning after. It was tempting but she did without the seeds for the first two years of their marriage and it wasn’t bad at all. Then one crazy morning, she fished them out of what she called her maiden suitcase, chewed them slowly in the bathroom while Philip lay half sleeping – they tasted bitter but her mother had assured her there was no expiration date…like most things in Ghana – and she walked back to her bed. What followed was hard to put into words but needless to say, Margaret was terrifyingly right. Sometimes, we do need some ‘help’.

“Mother, I’m sure Phillip would have no complaints there if you asked him. I gave him what he wanted, how often he wanted and how he wanted it and none of it was outside of my comfort zone. I made sure his shirts were dry-cleaned, there was food at home and that our house was clean. I’m not sure what else I could have done to keep him from straying.”
Margaret sighed again. She was running out of possible reasons and Sarah had still not divulged what she really wanted to know.
“So, did you say you know the person?”
“No, I didn’t.”
“So who was it?”
“A woman from church – they sang in the choir together so they saw each other about three times a week. According to Phil, it was all just friendly until one of the treatment phases I was going through turned me into an ogre and it became hard to come home to me. He’d call and arrange coffee dates with her because he needed someone to talk to and she of course said yes. One thing led to another and as they say….”
“Please ohhhhh…what one thing led to another? Did you suspect?”
“Not really. I don’t think I ever thought it was possible and besides, what with my inability to get pregnant, I was already wracked with guilt.”
“Yes but yours was so long ago…way before you even met him.”
“I know mother, but it’s a secret we’ve kept from him – you and I. I know I certainly don’t want to talk about the rape but what happened afterwards was equally traumatizing and may have had something to do with my present infertility problems.”
“You don’t know that, Sarah and we can’t keep dwelling on the past. The herbalist at KwasiKrom is quite renowned and by using herbs, its not really an abortion, it’s a merciful termination. We had to do it Sarah otherwise you would have been a fourteen year old girl, pregnant with the baby of your father’s lecherous friend!”

Margaret sucked in her teeth in vexation. That was so long ago but it brought back such raw memories. Sarah distraught after hitching a ride from boarding school with her father’s friend who’d happened to be in her school that Friday evening. Sarah refusing to discuss what had happened. Sarah throwing up within a few weeks of that ride. Sarah’s scholarship coming through for a prestigious AFS year abroad program in New York. Having a baby at fourteen would destroy their bright shining star and as with all things Margaret felt a duty towards, she started putting a strategy into place. She’d get rid of the obstacle and then she’d find a way to dispose, maim, obliterate or vanquish the person who had placed the obstacle in her way.
She placed a protective arm around Sarah.
“We had to do what had to be done and every year since, I’ve returned to KwasiKrom to offer sacrifices as thanks to God. These days, the place is packed with all sorts of people since they’ve turned it into a prayer camp but I still go. At some point, we’ve got to let it go, so in a sense, I can understand why you didn’t get all high and mighty in Phillip’s face when he confessed what had been happening.”
“I had plenty to hide too and it would have been hypocritical of me…Philip is a really good man.”
“Just as you are a really good woman.”
Sarah smiled. Her mother would always be her head cheerleader. She gave her mother a hug and cocked her head to one side when she thought she heard Philip moving in his bed upstairs. They both sat silently for about a minute and when there was no continuous movement, they unwrapped their arms from around one another and stretched out more comfortably on the couch.
Margaret cleared her throat loudly.
“Tell me, when was the last time the two of you slept together?”
“Mother!” Sarah shouted. She had swung around to look at her mother, incredulity written all over her face.
“What? Can’t I ask my daughter a private question?”
“Not this private – you’ve gone too far Mother!”
She got up abruptly and marched towards the kitchen, leaving a stunned Margaret perching on the sofa. The refrigerator door slammed shut and a mixing bowl fell on the floor. Margaret got up and followed Sarah to the kitchen.
“Listen my dear. All I want is what’s good for you. That’s why I’m asking all these questions. Philip is clearly in no state to father children at this point so you’ve got to be proactive.”
She paused to let her words sink in.
“What are you talking about mother?” Sarah said tiredly.
“I’m saying you need to come up with a strategy…if Philip cannot father a child for you…well, you have to think of the next best thing…”
“What?” Sarah stood facing her mother with her mouth wide open. Her stance was a threatening one, taunting Margaret to go on. Margaret seemed wary. She said nothing so Sarah continued.
“Really Mother? Pray tell me exactly what you mean. Do you want me to squeeze his sperm out and freeze it? Force myself on him. I thought I was brought up to be a lady?”
“Stop being a rude child!”
“Me? Rude? How is that worse than what you have said so far Mother?”
“But I’m your mother!”
“That gives you no right to say those things to me. I’m a grown woman with a dying husband and if I’ve ever been stressed, this is it. I can’t believe you mother! We were just having a really good heart to heart conversation and then you have to bring this up? I’m almost tempted to say make yourself useful folding laundry instead of badgering me with questions that are going nowhere important!”
And with that, Sarah left a stunned Margaret standing in the kitchen and stomped her way upstairs.

Margaret shook her head in wonder and folded her hands in prayer. She was murmuring prayers for five minutes when she heard some creaking on the steps. Sarah came back into the kitchen, tears streaking down her makeup-less face. She ran to her mother sobbing into her bosom.

“Sorry mother – I shouldn’t have said all those things to you. You don’t deserve it and I’m just in a difficult place right now, afraid of losing Philip and not sure what kind of a life I will have without him. Life is so unfair.”

Margaret rubbed her only daughter’s back, smiling into her neck. Only a mother knew how to soothe her child and Margaret was going to make sure that this time around, she approached the topic with far more wisdom. She led her to the couch again, left her lying on it and went back into the kitchen to make some peppermint tea. Bringing it back to her, she felt gratified to see a slight smile on Sarah’s face. It was time.
“My dear?”
Sarah looked at her mother.
“God works in mysterious ways you know? Don’t you remember in the New Testament… if a man died without issue, his younger brother married his wife to ensure that the family line would continue. I know this may be difficult for you to accept but trust me, God sent Jason here for a reason. You need to have a piece of Philip and Jason presents you with an opportunity to do so.”
“Jason? How so?”
“Sarah, do I have to spell it out?”
“Are you asking me how to seduce a man?”
“Not really… but how do I explain it to Philip?”
“There’s nothing to explain. You get pregnant with Jason’s child, you tell Philip he’s the father. You must have slept with Philip before you knew he had AIDS right?”
Sarah nodded. That was in June. Nine months from June should mean a baby born sometime in February.
“But mother, the baby if Philip’s, should have a February birthday. How can I get pregnant now and give birth in February?”
Margaret looked at her daughter like she was an imbecile.
“There are methods my child…there are methods. Just do your bit and get yourself pregnant this week…and leave the rest to me. Your baby will be born in February.”
“But…but…”
“Are you on your fertility regimen?”
Sarah nodded.
“Then why are we wasting time talking?”
Margaret put the forefinger of her right hand on her daughter’s lips. Motioning with her head, she bade her leave the room.   Sarah fiddled with her fingers as she slowly got up to go to the bathroom. Margaret didn’t need to tell her of the opportunity Jason presented but it went against every ounce of morality she had ever had and collaboration with her mother on another secret? As always, Margaret’s endorsement was critical; If your mother says something is good for you, who are you to argue, she thought. She also knew that her family line could only be continued through her, in the traditional sense. Her brother Joseph would have children ‘for his wife’s family’ and although boys were prized in African culture, a girl carried the family line. Everyone she knew back home, when asked where he or she came from always responded with their mother’s family line, not their father’s. 

A few minutes after she left, Margaret heard the shower running and smiled. She got up and made her way to Philip’s bedroom and took his emaciated fingers into hers. His eyes were closed and he seemed deep in sleep. Sitting on the edge of the bed, head turned away from her son-in-law and with her voice , she said:
“Philip, you know we all love you don’t you? And what we are doing is to preserve your legacy right? I’m sorry we didn’t discuss it with you first but sometimes, there is such a narrow window and if you don’t seize it, it doesn’t come again. I’m sure if Sarah were to bear a child with anyone, you’d want it to be Jason right? Yes, I know…you agree…which is why you must go along with this, in your spirit. Release Sarah emotionally so she can do this difficult thing ok?”
She squeezed his hands again and planted a very soft kiss on his cheek and paused to wipe a tear that had fallen from her eye to his cheek. 
The man did not wake and she quietly sat by his bed and imagined a different life. One in which she had visited her daughter and her wonderful husband and there were three grandchildren running in between her legs shouting ‘grandma, grandma”. She’d take out some yummy bofrot from her bag amidst big whoops and she’d laugh, assured of her place as the world’s best grandma. After today, if they were successful, it would no longer be a dream; it would be Margaret’s beautiful reality. 

It was a blessing Jason knew the bartender at the Fox and Fiddle; he called a cab for the plastered gentleman and fished through Jason’s wallet for change to pay the cabbie. He was so creamed he had to be carried to the door of 208 Georgia where Margaret received him warmly, cluck clucking and thanking the cabbie for his help in getting her beloved son back home. The cabbie took one look at his fare, took another look at the deep throaty voice of the African woman and wondered if he’d made a big mistake. Oh well, he could be adopted, none of a cabbie’s business.

Margaret dragged Jason upstairs as he slobbered all over her. She didn’t mind; it was a small price to pay to ensure the family had something to cheer about when Philip finally left them in sadness. She lay him on the bed in the basement guestroom and proceeded to pull his pants off. He was wearing boxer shorts with Adinkra symbols – where did he get those? She proceeded to peel his shirt off, revealing a small tattoo on his left shoulder – the word Araba. Who the hell was that? Margaret was going to find out and skin her alive. How dare she! She pulled down his boxers and smiled like a Cheshire cat.  She quickly tucked him in, kissed him on the cheek and then swept out of the room with aplomb. Next stop, Sarah’s room. She quickly marched up the stairs stopping to check her hair in the stairway mirror. Satisfied, she moved on.

Sarah was putting her hair up and smiled when her mother came in. This was like old times, she thought, conspiring together for a common good; she’d forgotten how rewarding that felt. Margaret nodded and without a word, Sarah left the room. While Margaret made her way to Philip’s room, Sarah made her way to Jason’s basement bedroom, quietly slipping in and bringing with her a trail of Cacharel’s sweet smelling Anais Anais perfume.
Jason looked through alcohol-induced eyes to see a vision in white before him. She looked familiar but his brain could not process the information fast enough for him to react. The vision came towards him and proceeded to engulf him till he felt he could hardly breathe. His heart was racing and his body was throbbing. 
It was over in less than ten minutes and the vision disappeared.
Chapter 10

Jason fiddled in this pocket as his cell phone rang. He checked the caller I.D and it said it was an unknown number so he knew it had to be Araba.
“Hello?” he shouted down the line.
There was silence. This was definitely a call from Ghana.
“Hello, Hello?”
“Yes, hello Jay-son,” shouted Araba
“How are you my boo?” laughed Jason. He’d been gone now into its second week. 
“I’m fine thank you. How is your brother?”
“Can you believe it – when I arrived, he was doing poorly. I actually thought he might die before my eyes but this week, he’s not only opened his eyes, he’s chatting with us all. I tell you, it’s a miracle!”
He could hear Araba clapping.
“I am so happy to hear that Jay-son. It is sad when you lose a loved one so I pray that your brother will continue to get better and stay with us longer.”
“Thank you Araba.”
There was a slight silence.
“Araba? Do you miss me?”
“What kind of question is that Jay-son? Of course I miss you. Every part of me misses you but don’t rush back. There are times like this when you need to be around family. Listen, I have decided to go back to school…to get my secondary school certificate.”
“Excellent! Wow – I’m so proud of you – I’ll pay for it!”
“No no no…you don’t have to. Remember I work? Please let me do this for myself okay?”
“Understood. Since Philip is doing so well, I will be back home this weekend so can you make me some banku and okra stew?”
Araba laughed.
“How do I love thee? Let me count the ways. I love thee to the depth and breadth and height
My soul can reach, when feeling out of sight, For the ends of Being and ideal Grace.”
Jason continued:
“I love thee to the level of everyday's, Most quiet need, by sun and candle-light.
I love thee freely, as men strive for Right; I love thee purely, as they turn from Praise.”
 
They both laughed.  He was smitten and he knew it and the sooner he got back, the better. They bid each other farewell and he hung up the call. Staring out of the living room window, he smelled the scent that had assaulted him the first night of his drunkenness, when a vision in white had overpowered him. He was still clueless as to what had happened and chalked it up to a very oversensitive imagination. As a child, his mother had always said he was a liar!

Swinging around all of a sudden, he found Sarah standing in the hallway watching him.
“Oh hi Sarah.”
“Hi Jay – is everything okay?”
“Yes, that was my girlfriend…Araba.”
“Girlfriend? You have a girlfriend?”
“Well yah, I guess I’m keeping it in the family. She’s Ghanaian and a really nice girl and I think if my luck holds, I will probably ask her to marry me…officially.”
Sarah looked like she was about to choke on words that she couldn’t get out. Luckily for her, Margaret swept into the room and held Sarah to stop her from keeling over.
“How wonderful Jay-son. You must introduce her to me when I get back to Ghana,” Margaret added with clenched teeth.

“Hey bro!!!” Jason shouted as he saw Philip make his way gently down the stairs. He had put on a few pounds, enough to give him the energy to move by himself. All three stared at him and Jason began to clap. The two ladies clapped along and hugged Philip while Jason got the comfy armchair ready for him.
“I cannot believe you are up and about bruv!”
“Neither can I Jay, neither can I.” He reached over to Sarah and held her close, smelling her trademark Anais Anais. He was beginning to feel alive again. Must be Margaret’s prayers. Or her soup. Or her bible reading. Something had changed when Margaret came to their home and he was ready to give her a lot of credit for his energized self.
“I feel so much better now – what did you do to me Margaret?”
Margaret laughed. Sarah looked from her husband to her mother, trying not to believe that the herb they’d mixed in Philip’s food these past two weeks had had anything to do with his apparent recovery. Onyame ashera so? Not possible. That was the concoction every priest on a Ghanaian bus tried to sell to his unsuspecting victims, assuring them by its very name that God had blessed it. Could it possibly have worked?

The room was filled with bittersweet warmth as Philip basked in the glow of his family. His brother had managed to turn a one week visit into a three week vacation, his wife was glowing with joy at his unexplained recovery and his ‘I-can-fix-all-things” mother-in-law seemed to have fixed him. All was clearly all right with the world.

“Jay, I heard something about an Araba…you got a girl already? Hope she’s not pregnant…hahahahah”

Sarah almost choked on her smile. Margaret held her back to stop her from keeling over as the two women smiled at Philip’s apparently innocent question. As Margaret shuffled Sarah towards the kitchen, Sarah asked:
“Mother – does that thing really work?”
Margaret cleared her throat guiltily.
“I don’t know. Maybe it’s…what do you call it again…placebo?”
“Mother!”
Sarah playfully shoved Margaret aside, smiling but feeling like Margaret was pulling her leg.
“Seriously mother – what do you know?”
“Surprisingly nothing Sarah. For the first time, Margaret Ankrah has no clue what she is doing.”

Chapter 11

2 October, Kotoka International Airport, Accra

Jason walked out of Accra’s Kotoka International Airport and felt like he’d landed in a war zone. Army tanks were milling around the airport and every third person was dressed in military fatigues. Just three weeks ago when he left, everything seemed normal. Suddenly, Jason was not so sure he wanted to be back in Ghana.

He looked around him frantically, wondering how safe he was. He’d expected Araba at the airport but she was nowhere to be found. He dragged his carryon across the very busy road in
front of the terminal and just as he almost reached the curb on the other side, he heard a gunshot. What the hell! Jason threw himself on the ground and tried to put the case on top of him. With his legs poking out in the road, he dragged himself across, fully over the curb and started the tortuous ascent down the stairs, careful to keep sliding on his belly. There were shouts all around him as soldiers’ screamed orders and civilians caught in the fire screamed out in fear. All he knew was he needed to get to Pokuase, to Margaret and Peter Ankrah, his nearest safe haven. By this time, he’d managed to make it down the first flight of stairs so he raised his head ever so slightly to look around him and saw a pair of army-issue boots. He lowered his head in resignation as two very strong hands dragged him to his full height and looked squarely into his face.

“Who are you?” asked the soldier.
“Jason Arthur – Beck,” he said with fear. Already, he had wet his pants and he was letting out gas like he was a beer factory.
“And where are you going?”
“Home. I just arrived from Toronto and I was on my way to Pokuase.”
“Come with me,” the soldier gruffly ordered and Jason meekly followed back up the stairs to stand docile behind the soldier as he belted out orders to those who were clearly his subordinates. Jason was bundled into the back of an army jeep and quietly sat with his cuffed hands in his lap, looking out the window and wondering what the hell had gone wrong with his new country.

They passed by the new Holiday Inn and behind the Aviation Road. The driver passed right through the red light and turned left on the road leading to Burma Camp Military Base. Suddenly, the jeep swerved as a shot hit the vehicle and Jason and the occupants of the jeep fell to the ground. They sped off at 150km/hr, swerving shots and driving wherever there seemed to be space.

“WHAT IS GOING ON?” Jason shouted above the noise.

No one was listening to him and by the end of the twenty minute hell ride, he’d pieced enough information together to know that there was a state of emergency and somehow, China and America were involved. What he had to do with it he had no idea and no one was telling him. 
“Excuse me,” he motioned to one soldier. “I’m Canadian.”
One soldier laughed an eerie laugh that sounded like they’d heard it all before. Every American claimed to be Canadian when it suited them. This fool thought they had no idea. They dragged him out of the vehicle, uncuffed him and then hit his head with the butt of a Kalashnikov.

He crumpled to the ground and all went black.

Chapter 12

November 5, Toronto, Canada

Phillip Arthur-Beck walked slowly down the stairs. He was already beginning to feel like all was not lost as he held onto the banisters to keep from falling. His jaw felt stronger and this had helped him graduate from the baby food he’d had to eat for the past couple of months. Auntie Maggie made sure they always had a plentiful supply of her magical herbs and a few sprinkles over oatmeal seemed to make him feel so much better. 

Sarah was also the picture of health. She’d announced to Philip that she’d become pregnant just before he went downhill and Phil’s joy knew no bounds. Finally, they were going to have a baby to call their own and Sarah would finally feel fulfilled. He tried to think back to when they’d made love but couldn’t quite remember. Maybe it was the drugs, he thought. But boy was he glad he’d been up to the job! Margaret told Philip that she’d be back in Canada at the end of January to see Sarah through ‘her last difficult month’ of the pregnancy. Philip was so grateful for that.  In just five months, they would have their bundle of joy with them. If only Jason were here.

Jason had left them in early October to return to his job in Ghana and they hadn’t heard from him since. They’d dialed his number over and over again, using skype, phone cards, direct dialing…nothing worked. He called the KM Gas office in Takoradi but the phone just rang and rang. Then he called the Canadian office of KM Gas and got an answering machine.
“Thank you for calling KM Gas – the leader in gold exploration. We are currently experiencing a large volume of calls so please leave a message and we will get back to you as soon as possible.”
How exasperating! He’d heard that family members of expatriates in the Middle East and Asia heard similar messages whenever there was a crisis of some sort. He calmed himself down, well aware that in his condition, he shouldn’t be stressing himself out and then a thought occurred to him. Of course -  Canada had an embassy in Ghana; of course they would know what was going on. 
Brrrrr, Brrrrr, Brrrrrr. It went to a machine after the tenth ring.
“You have reached the Canadian Embassy in Accra. We are experiencing a crisis in the country and are currently unable to take personal calls. Please check our website for updated information on your loved ones. We are sorry for this inconvenience.”

Philip fell like a heap of potatoes onto the couch. The website? He quickly logged onto the Internet through his old laptop and connected to the site. There on the Embassy’s homepage was a message reading:
“There has been a military crackdown on armed robbers and other armed insurgents on the coast of Ghana. Several of these suspected insurgents have been tied to foreign governments and oil companies and as such, the country of Ghana is refusing to let anyone leave the country. If your loved one registered with the Embassy on arrival in Ghana, please be assured that should a time arrive when evacuation is necessary, they will be airlifted to safety. We are sorry for this inconvenience.”
He scratched his head several times wondering what to do next. They’d camped as children and had been taught several wilderness tactics. No doubt they’d all come in handy if Jason found himself in such a spot. He was bound to be all right, Phil assured himself. He just had to be. He reached over for the phone to try again.

“011 233 243 334 909” he said to no one in particular. He held on as it rang and rang.
“Honey?”
He turned abruptly to see Sarah glowing in the joy of her pregnancy. She mouthed ‘oops’ and proceeded to stroke his hair as he remained on the phone. Finally, he let out a sigh and put the phone down.

“I still can’t get through to anyone.” 
“Oh dear - - - there’s got to be someone who knows where he is.”
“Did you ask your mother and father?”
“Yes I did and mother says they heard from him just last week. Remember, I told you?”
Philip shook his head. He could hardly count on his memory these days.
“So he’s okay?”
“I think so. Mother said he sounded fine but she hasn’t spoken to him in a few weeks. Maybe they’re on the oil rigs out at sea eh?”
“Yeah,” he murmured. Sarah was probably right. Work could get so tedious and Jason was probably thinking they’d know he was okay. He was definitely not an insurgent so there was nothing to worry about there.
“What are we going to do Sarah?”
She sighed deeply while rubbing her growing belly.
“I have no idea sweetheart but we’ve got to be realistic. If he was not alive, KM Gas would have contacted us, don’t you think? Our names are listed as his next-of-kin”
Philip just sat on the sofa like a stone. Jason was not dead. He could just feel it in his bones. Jason was still alive and he was going to look for him as soon as he was well. He’d not tell Sarah. He didn’t want anything to upset her and cause a miscarriage.
He smiled at her.
“You’re right. Jay will be fine – he’s a survivor.”
“That’s my man,” Sarah whispered in his ear. 
Philip smiled as his head lay on Sarah’s bosom. Sarah’s mind was far away, mulling over the message she’d received from her mother that Jason was probably dead.
Chapter 13
May 6th, Oakville, Ontario


The lovely couple stood at the front of the church with the baby in their arms as the priest preached about blessings and how one thing that seems wrong can sometimes lead to something that is… so very right.  How one person can lay his life down for so many. How one must guard life jealously because of its fleeting nature. Everyone in the audience, their friends, family, well-wishers, as well as potential enemies listened intently. The message was for everyone and because of this, there were nods and ums and ohs all through the lovely church in Oakville. 

Philip Arthur-Beck had beaten AIDS, or so it seemed. Although he had not regained his former vigor, he was the picture of increasingly good health. He wore a cream coloured suit with a baby blue shirt and dark blue tie. Beside him, looking resplendent in African costume was his lovely wife Sarah. She had tied her hair with a piece of traditional cloth and wore large hoop earrings that framed her oval face and gave her an air of superior elegance. In the first row sat Margaret and Peter Ankrah who had been in Canada since the end of January. Although the crisis in Ghana seemed to have calmed down, they still had a tough time leaving the country. They were sitting next to Aunty Ceci and Uncle Ola who had just received their permanent residence status and were now settling down to life in the Greater Toronto area.   Around the middle of the room, Sarah smiled at her best friends: Ayo, Margarethe and Jane, all donned out in their Sunday best and looking very proud of their friend. Uncle Ebo had flown in all the way from Ghana and was seated on the last but one row, crossing and uncrossing his legs so many times that those sitting next to him shifted to give him more room to do his thing. Sarah’s brother Joseph had also flown in with his wife Mary; Sarah’s immediate family were all present. On Philip’s side, his mother had made the long trip to Ontario from Calgary where she lived close to one of his sisters. She was walking with a cane but had made every effort to see the grandchild she thought she’d never see. She sat on the front row, on the left side of the church beside Philip’s sister Bessie who also lived on the West Coast. Some of his friends from church were also there as were his teacher friends from the school he’d taught at. 
“Dearly beloved, we’re gathered today, to bless a little child who has been born to Philip and Sarah Arthur Beck. Children are a blessing from God and at times like this, we are reminded of our responsibilities as parents. As the word of God says, ‘Parents, love your children, do not despise them’. Today, this congregation is here to support Philip and Sarah, as they together raise this beautiful baby in the fear and beauty of the Lord Jesus Christ.”
The priest reached over to take the baby from Sarah who handed him over reluctantly.
“What is the child’s name?”
Philip and Sarah looked at each other and smiled.
“Jason Arthur-Beck,” they both said.
Baby Jason shifted and twisted in the priest’s arms. Everyone was smiling. He was small, having been born prematurely at six months. He had spent the last three months in intensive care at the Hospital for Sick Children in Toronto and everyday had been a miracle. Even to Margaret, who made sure that she and baby Jason had some alone time even under the prying eyes of the excellent nurses.
“Jason Arthur-Beck, I bless you in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. May you grow up to know the difference between wrong and right, may you be selfless in your human ambition, may you seek to love without seeking anything in return and in your quest to make meaning in your world, may you touch many hearts. In the Name of the Father, the Son and the Holy Ghost, Amen. Shall we all stand and sing Hymn 244 – O Perfect Love.”
Margaret was beaming; she was now the grandmother she’d always dreamed she could be. She had to admit that being a mother was very exhilarating too: you get to raise your child, watch her mature, help her in her time of need and occasionally, just occasionally, offer something a little bit more than help to prod the natural order of things along. Margaret was a good mother. She’d told herself this many, many times. There was no one on earth who could make her feel guilty. Absolutely no-one. 
Yeh de nam na eyi nam. You’ve got to use fish to catch fish.

****
The room was still dark. Or was it that he had no eyes? Jason Arthur-Beck felt around his cramped cell like he had done for the past nine months, wondering where he was, why he was there and when he’d be able to get out and go home. As always, there was no help and the only contact he had was through the open slit of a hatch that was carved into the cemented wall from which food and water were delivered twice a day.
The first few days had been physically draining as he tried to push at the walls, screaming and yelling at the top of his voice. The next few weeks were soul-draining as he questioned his very existence. What had he done to deserve this? Was it divine retribution for all the fornicating he’d done? The absurd drinking? The often, loud protestations of the invalidity of God? The…the…the…
This must be how POW’s felt after being captured by the enemy but in his case, why was he the enemy? An enemy of whom? All he was, was a beer guzzling Canadian dude, barely out of college, trying to pay back his loans by working hard. What was wrong with that? By the end of the second month, he was patently aware he’d gotten mixed up in some pretty bad stuff but what was it? It had to be oil but he’d not been involved in any low or high level talks. It wasn’t as if he was in charge of dispensing contracts or signing them so why was he the fall guy? He lost count of the days around the fourth month, and just decided to focus on keeping his limbs moving in the six by eight foot cell. It didn’t help that the ceilings were probably just 7 ft high and he was easily six feet tall. Day after day, he prayed for deliverance, eating the yam, cassava, hot pepper, anything they would deliver, while defecating in an aluminum bucket that he tried to push into the cement wall. 
Every week, someone would come, unlock the barred door, point to the feces and Jason would have to pick up the bucket. He would be led out to a huge cesspit into which he’d have to pour the contents and without being allowed to rinse out the bucket, be led back to his cell to start the process all over again. Any thoughts of escaping were dismissed when he’d see the six, armed guards that were required to carry out the process. Their heads were covered so he never got to give anyone eye contact and in the first few months, none of his questions were met with answers so he stopped talking. Back in his cell, he’d pretend Araba was sitting beside him, and while inhaling the offensive odors of his own waste, he’d repeat some of his favourite poems. Last month was as far back as he remembered in terms of what his favourite was: Wordsworth’s “I wandered lonely as a cloud”

“I wandered lonely as a Cloud
That floats on high o'er Vales and Hills,
When all at once I saw a crowd
A host of dancing Daffodils;
Along the Lake, beneath the trees,
Ten thousand dancing in the breeze.

The waves beside them danced, but they
Outdid the sparkling waves in glee: --
A poet could not but be gay
In such a laughing company:
I gazed -- and gazed -- but little thought
What wealth the show to me had brought:

For oft when on my couch I lie
In vacant or in pensive mood,
They flash upon that inward eye
Which is the bliss of solitude,
And then my heart with pleasure fills,
And dances with the Daffodils

By this time, he’d have fallen fast asleep with his hands in his pants. Although he’d lost much feeling in most of his extremities, he still remembered being sexually alive and that sweet smell of perfume he remembered in his last sexual encounter, albeit in a dream. He wondered what everyone was up to: Philip, dear Phillip – was he still alive? Sarah, Margaret, Araba, Gerry…why had no one come for him? Did they know where he was? He knew Auntie Maggie would move heaven and earth to find him but his isolation ensured that he didn’t know what had happened to anyone else but himself.
On the eighteenth day of the ninth month of his captivity, he heard jocular voices walking towards his cell. He perked up and attempted to hold his bony shoulders up. He had lost so much weight and looked sickly, huge pockmarks on his face, sunken eyes and a receding hairline; he looked closer to sixty. Two large men holding their noses came into the cell and dragged him out. With them were two other men who looked like they were also in the Military.
He was taken into a large room with bright light streaming through the windows. He had not seen the sun for the entire duration of his captivity and instinctively held up one arm to shield himself from its powerful gaze. They led him to a bathroom and for a moment, he didn’t know what to do. So long had he been without a shower that he had no idea how to get started. It took him all of an hour – and the men were patient – and when he walked out, he felt like a new man. He was cleaner and his hair was darker but inside his head was a steely-ness that had been borne out of the depths of hell. The young man who got down off the plane at Kotoka International Airport almost a year ago was dead. In his place was a battle weary mature man who had had a lot of time to do a whole lot of thinking. And things were beginning to take shape in his very clever head.
He was led to a smaller room and seated behind a large wooden table. In front of him was a note pad and a pen. Across from him sat a beefy officer, clean-shaven and professional in his army uniform. He also had writing utensils ready to go. Standing behind him were two armed guards. He wished he could tell them there was no need. Although he knew they were going to interrogate him, he also planned to do some of his own; he was definitely not about to leave now.
“Can you state your name for the record?”
He wanted to say he couldn’t remember. Wasn’t that the point of solitary confinement?
“Jason Arthur-Beck.”
“And where do you live Mr. Arthur Beck?”
“In Ghana or Canada…my HOMETOWN?” He gently eased into facetiousness and was pleased it sounded so good. Clearly the brain exercises had kept him from succumbing to solitary confinement madness. He would continue playing this game to test his intellect.
“Ghana,” replied the soldier with severely controlled patience.
“In Takoradi, House Number B 123/9 at Market Circle.”
“Thank you. And in Canada?”
“My HOMETOWN? 76 Grapevine Crescent, Mississauga, Ontario.”
The soldier let it slide.
“And how long have you been in Ghana?”
“A little over two years.”
“And what has your mission been in Ghana?”
“Mission? I’m not sure I’d call it that. I’ve been here working for KM Gas, a company headquartered in Calgary, Alberta. I’ve been managing their work on the ground, liaising with local chiefs to ensure our corporate responsibility and managing our gas workers in Takoradi, Elmina and the Cape Three points area.”
“Thank you Mr. Arthur Beck.”
“You’re welcome. Now can I ask some questions?”
The soldier got up, walked to the door, opened it and stepped out. Jason was left with his mouth open. Was that it? He tried to get up and was immediately pushed down by the two men. As he sat fuming, the interrogator walked in again. He sat down and thrust a couple of photographs across at Jason.
“Do you know this man?”
Staring at him, with his unmistaken grin was Gerry. Why was Gerry’s photo here?
“Should I know this man?” he answered petulantly.
“Mr. Arthur-Beck, I – am - asking the questions so could you do both of us a favour and answer them?”
Jason shifted uncomfortably in his seat. He didn’t want Gerry to go through what he’d been through and his confinement was indication that the Ghana Secret Service had no idea what they were doing.
“No, I don’t know who he is,” he responded.
“That’s very interesting Mr. Arthur-Beck, because he knows you very well.”
Jason tried to keep his fingers from tapping harder on the table where he’d initially placed them. He wasn’t going to let this man intimidate him, he kept reminding himself. But this new assertion was disturbing him.
“Really?” he still had a sarcastic stream to his tone.
“Yes, really.”
“Well, you know how it is. If you’ve watched Jerry Springer, you know that jail birds get the most chicks…You get to be so popular even though you’re holed underground for nine months and presto, everyone wants to be your friend!”
The soldier did not laugh and with a steely tone in his voice, he continued.
“Mr. Gerry Carruthers has been working for the CIA for almost ten years. His code name is Ocho Cinco and his work on behalf of CRIDA is a cover for his real work undermining Ghanaian interests on the ground. You spent a lot of time with him and our investigations have led us to believe that during that time, you divulged certain pieces of information to him that were in turn communicated to his handlers”.
Jason urinated on himself. He couldn’t help it; pieces started falling into place. Gerry’s license plate was GER 85858 and Ocho Cinco was 85 in Spanish. Yes, they’d talked a lot about the work Jason was doing but…yes, he remembered telling him a lot about the conversations with Kwasi Prah, the Minister for Energy. But how many times was that? Many, he ruefully admitted. When he wasn’t in Accra at the Ankrah’s, he was with Gerry and Araba. Araba?
He looked at the soldier, a question on his face.
“Araba is an agent for the Ghana Secret Service. She informed us that both the Chinese and the Americans were watching you. Araba speaks Mandarin and Cantonese…she picked them up while working with Mr. Huang, which you must admit, came in very handy. Arresting you at the airport was the only way to protect you since the Ghana government was about to enact some drastic measures to keep the country from spiraling into civil war.”
“WHAT?”
Jason couldn’t keep his emotions in check anymore.
“YOU KEPT ME IN THAT HOLE FOR THAT LONG TO PROTECT ME? MADE ME STARE AT MY OWN FECES DAY IN AND DAY OUT, MADE ME THINK I’D LOST MY EYESIGHT, KEPT ME AWAY FROM MY LOVED ONES, TO PROTECT ME? WHAT THE HELL!”
Tears started streaming down his face as he sought to control his ribs breaking from all the grief. He cried like a baby, using his shirtsleeves to wipe the tears while sniffling to control the mucus that was coming down through his nose. He didn’t care anymore, he had not one ounce of dignity left.
“Mr. Arthur-Beck, it’s unfortunate what happened to you but at least you are alive. Our keeping you locked up in solitary confinement ensured that no one – especially the Chinese or the Americans would find you. In the past few months, several officials high up in the Ghana government have been sentenced to maximum jail terms for fraud and intent to commit fraud; they had been consistently accepting bribes from various foreign groups for access to our most important documents and state secrets especially with regards to the Freedom Oil Fields. As we speak, Ghana has halted all further exploration until a time that we can almost safely be assured of protecting our citizens from dubious interests in and out of the country. The Chinese are out and so are the Americans, Russians and Canadians. We have your passport ready as well as a ticket for you out of the country…should you wish to leave.”
Jason barely managed an ugly chuckle.
“Of course I want to leave! This isn’t the country I came to just two years ago!”
“We understand your frustration Mr. Arthur-Beck.”
“Really? Oh Really?”
The soldier watched the poor man as he struggled to find words to describe the sadness he felt at his inability to protect the people he cared about, a country he had grown to love and possibly the plight of humanity in the midst of oil greed.
“We also lament what is happening to our country Mr. Arthur-Beck, most likely more than you. We’ve been here longer so I’m sure you understand. On the one hand is our need to use what we have – you would probably call it exploiting – to make our roads better, our factories functional, our schools equipped and needless to say, stop our energy needs from crippling economic growth. Somehow, it’s not working too well – each way we turn, someone is trying to make money off our resources, Ghanaians included. Sometimes, we wonder if we’d be better off without finding oil.”

Jason hung his head in sadness. No one spoke for a whole minute. It seemed they were holding a moment of silence for all poor countries that suddenly found themselves cursed with the find of oil.   As if on cue, Jason pushed his chair back, ready to leave. This was too much for him and he yearned to be back in Canada where it seemed like the biggest news story was that the conservative government was cutting funding to the Arts.
“I have one question for you.”
“I’d be glad to answer it…if I can”, answered the soldier.
“Where is Araba?”
There was a deep silence during which time the soldier looked like he was carefully formulating his words. Jason used the opportunity to brace himself.
“We believe she has died in the line of duty.”
Jason felt the tears well up in his eyes and struggled to keep them from falling.
“What happened to her?”
“We’re still not sure but our sources inform us that she was seen entering Mr. Huang’s store and she never came back out again. All our preferred modes of communicating with her have come up short and in fact, we only knew of your arrival in Accra because she spoke to us the day before you returned, stressing that we needed to be at the airport to get you. I’m sorry….”
Jason got up from the chair.
“What’s today’s date?”
“July 6th, 2011”
“Interesting,” he said under his breath.
“Pardon?” asked the soldier. 
When no explanation was forthcoming, the soldier passed a pouch over to Jason. It contained a cell phone loaded with twenty cedis worth of units, five hundred Ghana Cedis, the documents he needed for travel along with a set of clothes and together with the two other bodyguards, Jason Arthur-Beck was led out into the humid Ghanaian afternoon.

Chapter 14
3:35pm   July 6, Accra, Ghana

It was another blistering hot day with no reprieve in sight. The phone rang loudly in Margaret’s bag. She and Ceci were on what they called a fact-finding mission – essentially a shopping trip - and they had stopped to take a break outside CuppaChill, a snack bar not far from Makola market. She looked at the number on her caller I.D and it said ‘unknown number’. She normally wouldn’t pick it up but she hadn’t had a phone call all day…maybe it was Sarah.
“Hello?”
“Hello, is that Auntie Maggie?”
“Yes. Yes. May I know who is speaking?”
“Auntie Maggie its Jason. Jason Arthur-Beck.”
“JAY-SON?”
“Yes, Jason.”
The line went dead.


3:38pm July 6 Oakville, Canada

The phone rang loudly at 208 Georgia Drive in Oakville. Sarah had her baby Jason snuggled on her bosom and so she reached out with one hand to pick up the handset.
“Hello, Arthur – Beck residence, Sarah speaking.”
“Sarah, its me!”
“Who? Sarah’s voice wavered just a fraction.
“Jason, its Jason! And I’m coming home. How is Philip?”
The line went dead.

3:40 pm  July 6 Oakville, Canada
Sarah lay on the couch with baby Jason on her bosom. Her eyes seemed to be boring through the ceiling.
Brrrrrr! Brrrrr! Brrrrr!
She didn’t pick up and waited for it to go to the answering machine. She could always delete it while she figured out a course of action.
“Sarah, Sarah, pick up that phone!!! He’s alive, he’s alive ohhhhhh. Call me quickly.” The call ended and Sarah sighed.
“What now mother?”

Chapter 15
July 6,  2011, Kwasikrom, Ghana

It was festival time in KwasiKrom and all around the town, men, women, and children made their way through the streets of the town, greeting one another and enquiring after various family members. After the festivities, some would make their way towards the prayer camp and others, back to their ramshackle dwellings. Mensah had become quite a regular fixture at this prayer camp ever since his mistress had received the blessing she’d prayed for and had no use for the place. He’d also been nursing a request and if Auntie Maggie -  devious as she was could bend God’s ear, there was no reason why he, a pious, church going man who regularly gave to the poor – even though he considered himself poor – could not receive a blessing also. On this particular day, all the blind, deaf, and mute had been taken to a larger tented area while the insane and their relatives were still being asked to stay in the original deliverance tent. He again stood on the edges of the throng, observing with his keen darting eyes. A tall young woman was walking towards the tent for the insane…but she didn’t look insane. Her hair was short and her neck held her head the way a fish seller’s head would hold her tray of tilapia. On her back was a baby and as she walked, she used her hands to tap the baby’s bottom gently to quiet him down. As she moved closer to where Mensah stood, he noticed something unusual; the baby had mixed race features and wore a red bracelet on his ankle on which was drawn a maple leaf. The young woman was also holding the hand of a boy – also mixed race -  who was no more than three years old.
“Praise the Lord!” said the prophet.
“Halleluyah!” shouted everyone
“Today, you have come to the right place. In the house of God, there is fullness of joy. Raise your hands to the heavens and claim your deliverance. Pray! Pray! Pray!”
And with that command, loud voices were raised to heaven. One asking for her brother to be delivered of the demons tormenting him and causing him to bite off pieces of his skin; Another asking for her sister to be healed of the need to constantly bang her head against a wall; Still another beseeched the Lord to cure her mother of her witchcraft. All the prayers were being said for people who were also at the prayer camp, incapacitated as it were by an impossible affliction. 
Except for one.
 “Dear God, please keep Jason safe, wherever he is.”
###
About the Author
Find a whole lot about me (too much to write here!) at www.maryashun.com
Connect with me online at:
Facebook: Asabea Ashun
Twitter: @AsabeaAshun
Email: AsabeaAshun@gmail.com

