

Moira Ashe:
Enemy Within

Brendon Bertram














































Chapter 1


Hell.

Lincoln Clarke’s last three weeks could be summed up in that one word. First with the mysterious outbreak of lycanthropy in his home country, and then his trek through the foreign country of Fotland. He hoped it was coming to an end. 

Standing inside the pub The Midnight Hour in the village of Quinn, he gazed around the room looking for his query. The pub was dreary and obviously named after the fact the place had no windows—the rooms were cast in darkness, despite the fact that it was late morning. The space was illuminated by what Lincoln assumed were oil lanterns every few meters along the wall, giving the place a dark but cosy atmosphere, like being draped in a cloak of shadow. The pub was fairly empty save for some off-duty guardsmen near the door, the owner behind the bar, and a few other patrons of no particular distinction. 

Lincoln frowned. He was told that he could find a hunter here known to be fairly adept at dealing with the werewolf population around the countryside. Well, may as well get a drink while I’m here, Lincoln thought to himself as he made his way towards the bar. 

Some patrons regarded him with curiosity, some were cordial, but most were ultimately disinterested. This became more common the further east he travelled, which was saying a lot, considering his uniform marked him as a member of an army that had tried to invade them twice in the past ten years.

The owner of the pub acknowledged his presence with a smile and a tilt of her head as he approached her. “Good day, sir. What can I do for you?” she greeted him happily.

“A few things actually, but first I could really use a drink of that,” he replied, pointing to one of the bottles on the wall.

“And do you have any rooms for rent?” he asked the woman as she pulled the bottle off the back shelf and poured its contents into a small cup in front of him.

“Yes, we do,” she said, pulling a key out from under the bar.

Lincoln took a quick drink from the cup. He had never been much of a drinker, but he enjoyed the warmth of the liquid as it travelled to his stomach.

“So, what brings an Abalonian man all the way to the other side of Fotland?” the owner asked as she went back to tending the bar.

“I’m looking for a woman by the name of Moira. I have been led to believe she visits this establishment frequently.”

The owner of the bar chuckled. “Visits here? She basically lives here.” She pointed at a figure in the back corner Lincoln had not noticed before. 

He was startled. There she was! His quest was almost over, all he had to do was walk a few more steps and it would be done. He was overcome with a sense of excitement as he downed the rest of his drink, slipped the key into the pocket of his jacket, and left an assortment of coins on the counter. Stopping for a second to adjust his clothes, Lincoln approached the figure in the corner.

Upon further inspection of Moira, he could forgive himself for not noticing her when he first walked in. She was sitting sideways against the wall. Shadow hid her from view excepted for her eye, an eye that shifted its focus to him as he approached. Lincoln almost froze, and instinct caused him to go for the pistol on his belt. 

He chastised himself for even thinking about pulling a gun on the woman. He was here to ask for her help, not to kill her! But he couldn’t deny there was something dangerous about her as he continued his approach. He felt like prey under her predatory gaze.

Moira swung her feet underneath the table and leaned forward as he stopped a few feet from her. She revealed her face in the light of the lanterns. 

Lincoln had been told what he should expect when he saw her, but he was still stunned by her appearance. 

The right side of her face was lovely by his standards, with only a small scar on her lip to upset her otherwise untouched features. But that scar was nothing compared to the left side of her face, which bore the remnants of massive claws torn horizontally across the skin, ending around her nose. This caused a terrible contrast between the ruined and untouched sides of her face. She wore an eye patch across her left eye.

“It was a bear.”

“What?”

“That is what you’re wondering, right?” 

“Oh … no, I’m sorry. Please forgive me … I just …” Lincoln stammered before remembering his purpose. He reached into his coat. “I have something for you.” 

Her eye narrowed as she, too, reached into her coat. Lincoln quickly held up his hands in surrender. Clutching a letter in one hand, he slowly lowered the paper within arms reach of Moira.

Pulling her empty hand out of her own coat, Moira reached forward and accepted the piece of paper. She then noticed a seal imprinted into the wax that held the letter closed.

“What does King Eamon want with me?” Moira asked, tossing the letter on the table in front of her then relaxing back into her seat. The edge of her voice had yet to dissipate.

“A lycanthropy is spreading throughout Abalon,” Lincoln replied, pointing vaguely at her. “We need help.” 

Moira’s eye widened as her mouth fell open.

Lincoln couldn’t blame her. If he hadn’t seen it himself, he would have been shocked to hear this kind of news as well. Especially considering werewolves were not native to Abalon. Sure, you would hear about maybe one or two sightings every month around the shores—with people travelling between Fotland and Abalon all the time, sometimes things like that got through.

“How long ago?”

“Almost three weeks now.”

“Three weeks!” Moira scoffed. “Most of them are probably taken care of by now.” 

“Most likely.”

“Then why the hell would Eamon send you walking this far for this long just to talk to me?” Moira asked him.

“Well …” Lincoln hesitated. “You’re not exactly the first I’ve petitioned for help.”

Moira sighed. “Did you ask O’Connor?”

Lincoln nodded.

“Doyle?”

He nodded again.

“How many exactly?”

“A few others,” Lincoln raised his hands to reassure her. “But you did come highly recommended from those I’ve talked to.”

“I’m sure I did.” She sighed. “I’m sorry you had to come all this way, but I can’t leave here.” Moira raised a piece of paper she had been studying before his arrival. “Quinn has its own werewolf problem.”

A pit formed in Lincoln’s stomach. He tossed a pouch onto the table, which landed with a hefty thump of coins. “I just need some information from you.” Lincoln grinned. “And seeing how you hunt the beasts could be invaluable.”

Moira eyed the pouch. “Listen, I’ll tell you everything I know, but there is no way I’m letting you follow me around!” Moira stood up and reached for the pouch on the table, but Lincoln grabbed her wrist. She stopped and glared at him.

Lincoln released her and withdrew his hand. “Please, information is one thing, but to actually see how it’s done … it could help save a lot of lives.”

Moira’s face softened. “All right. You can help me, but you’d better not get in my way!”

“Absolutely not!” Lincoln exclaimed, mocking offence at the notion that he would be a burden on her.

“And you’d better not get yourself killed, or Ryan will have me shot.”

“I certainly don’t plan on it.”

Moira tied her dark hair back and pulled her hat onto her head, “Good. We start now. Follow me to my room, and I’ll fill you in.”

“Excellent! Wait … you have a room here?”

Moira stopped gathering her things off the table and looked up at him, “Yeah, Room 3. Why?”

Lincoln grinned as he held up his room key for her to see. “I guess we’re going to be neighbours for a little while.”

Moira frowned upon seeing the painted number two on the key as she made her way towards the back of the pub and beckoned him to follow.









































Chapter 2


She was only two seconds in, and Moira was already starting to regret her decision to let this foreign man tag along with her as she hunted this werewolf. 

“What have I gotten myself into?” She muttered quietly to herself, shaking her head as she walked.

She just realized she didn’t even know his name yet, and already they were making their way to her room at The Midnight Hour. What was she doing! Sure, being paid twice for doing basically the same job was fine, but just because someone mentioned saving some people’s lives and suddenly she had agreed to lead some guy on a hunting trip. “I must be going crazy,” she muttered to herself.

They climbed the stairs leading to her room and turned the corner. Moira paused briefly at the door with the number two as they passed it. “This will be your room for the time being, I suppose,” she turned to look at the man, who seemed to be amused at the notion of having a room so close to hers.  

She unlocked her door and stepped inside her room, the man quickly following behind her. 

Morning light flooded the room. Moira walked past her bed and the window, stopping in front of the table at the end of the room. She turned around and leaned against it, her hands gripping the edge. The man stopped in front of her bed and excitedly examined the contents of her room.

“Before I tell you anything,” Moira looked the man up and down, “what the hell is your name?”

The man’s face turned red. “Oh … sorry,” the man held out his hand, “Lincoln Clarke.”

“Moira Ashe,” she shook his hand. “Good,” she turned back to the table and lifted her blunderbuss, swinging back around for Lincoln to see. “Now, when you’re hunting any kind of creature, I suggest using one of these.”
 
The weapon was shorter than your average, but it made up for it with mobility in tight spaces. It was well crafted with a bayonet affixed above the barrel. Moira had used the weapon many times over the years. 

Lincoln held out his hands, but Moira pulled the blunderbuss back towards her. 

“First rule: Don’t touch my gear.” Moira looped the weapons’ strap over her shoulder, allowing it to rest across her back.

Lincoln nodded in acknowledgement but otherwise said nothing as Moira turned back to the table.

“But you’re going to want some backups just in case.” She pulled two pistols off the table and slipped them in holsters hidden underneath her coat. She intentionally opened her coat wider than she needed to in order to expose a third pistol that she carried with her at all times. 

Lincoln smirked.

“Next, you’ll want some of these.” She pulled a number of knives off the table, leaving behind nothing but a few lanterns. There were three of them exactly, two small and one big. She began hiding them away as well when Lincoln interrupted.          

“Where’s the silver?”

“I don’t have any.”

Lincoln tilted his head. 

Moira smiled. “What? Don’t you know how expensive silver is? I do this job to make money, not shoot it!”

Lincoln chuckled. “Yeah, I guess that makes some sense.”

“Anyway,” Moira continued pulling out the large knife and turning slightly to expose the blunderbuss on her back. “The knife and the bayonet are silver, but silver bullets do help if you can afford them,” Moira gestured around her rented room, “which I can’t.”

“So you don’t need silver to kill one?” Lincoln asked, puzzled.

“Anything that can kill a normal man will kill most anything else, werewolves included—silver just seems to kill them easier.” 

“Why?”

“I don’t know, maybe they’re allergic.” 

Lincoln seemed satisfied with this answer and nodded his head in agreement. “Any poisons that are useful against them?”

“There are some, but I never use them.”

“Why not?”

“Too expensive,” Moira smiled. “Plus, I don’t need them.”

“Well then, I should be perfectly safe in your care.” Lincoln smirked before adding, “Anything else?”

“Not really, other than using long weapons like spears to keep them at bay, but they only work for large groups.”

Lincoln nodded again and sat down on the edge of the bed. “What about finding out who is one?”

Moira hesitated for a few seconds. She rested her chin in her hand as she studied Lincoln. She returned her hands to the table as she answered. “That’s the tricky part. I just kill the werewolf and see who’s missing afterwards.”

Lincoln frowned. 

“But,” Moira started again. “I’ve found that people tend to grow about half their size in height after they,” Moira paused, looking for the right word, “change.” 

Lincoln’s head tilted as his brow wrinkled and his mouth shifted to the side. After a brief moment, Lincoln sighed and his features returned to their usual expression. “What can you tell me about the phases of the moon?”

Moira was surprised. “What do you mean?”

Lincoln pointed at the dates circled on her makeshift calendar hanging on the wall opposite the window. The day after tomorrow was circled. “Why are there three days circled?”

She had forgotten about her calendar, but Lincoln waited patiently for her response and didn’t seem to notice her hesitation. What else had he noticed? She replied, “That is the date the full moon will rise.”

“All right, but why all three?”

“Because people with lycanthropy are forced to change for all three nights of the full moon,” Moira answered.

“But when the attacks began back home, there was no full moon,” Lincoln said, confused.

Moira replied softly. “That’s because the newly infected change every night until the first full moon arrives.” 

“So?” Lincoln asked.

Moira felt irritated by the man’s constant questioning. “So, that means I …” she corrected herself, “I mean we, have until then to kill them before then, or the hunt will get a lot harder and will take a lot longer. So far the beast has been attacking every night, but after the full moon, they most likely will lay low until the full moon forces them out again.”

“So after the full moon, the attacks will get less frequent. Isn’t that a good thing?”

He wasn’t improving her mood. “Not if you’re trying to hunt someone who’s infected.”

“And how does someone get infected, exactly?”

She stared silently at her feet for a few seconds, took a deep breath, and returned her attention to Lincoln as she exhaled. After clearing her throat she answered, “From a werewolf’s bite.”

Lincoln seemed confused by her answer, but Moira disregarded him. “And that’s why,” she said, twisting her body to point at a picture on the wall behind her, “we have this problem.”

The picture was a crudely drawn map of Quinn and the surrounding area. A magnitude of multicoloured markers was pinned on the map surrounding the town.

Lincoln stood up from the bed and walked over to the map for a better look. Moira moved to the side to accommodate him. Lincoln looked over the map and pointed to the markers. “Why different colours?”

Moira turned to stand shoulder to shoulder with him and pointed to the different colours.  “A different colour, a different creature. All from the past month.”

Lincoln turned to her. “So you leave the old ones to help predict future ones?”

Moira turned to face him. “Yeah, but they aren’t all werewolves.”

They turned back to the map, and she gestured to a group of green markers spread across the forest north of the town. “These green ones were from when a sluagh attacked some people on the road a few months back.” 

“What’s a sluagh?”

Moira turned to Lincoln to explain but thought better of it. “That’s not important right now,” she replied and turned back to the map. She pointed to some black markers along the river that ran through the town’s underground sewer system. “And these were from your run-of-the-mill problem bear.”

“The same bear that did that?” Lincoln gingerly gestured toward the side of his face.

“Oh no … this was from a long time ago.” Moira reached up and lightly brushed the left side of her face. “I wasn’t even living in Quinn when this happened.”

“So you’re not from here?” Lincoln asked.

“Not originally, no,” Moira barked, her nose crinkling.

Lincoln made a gesture towards the map. “So which one is our current monster?”

“The red ones here.” Moira pointed at the cluster of red markers surrounding the outside of the town’s walls.

“Any idea where it will appear next?”

Moira studied the map. There was no real pattern to the markers other than their proximity to the town. That was unusual compared to other werewolves she had observed, which left a pattern typically spread along farms outside the town. 

Honestly, she really had no idea where it would turn up next. She made her best guess and was about to point at a location on the map when a knock came at the door.

Both of them turned towards the noise. 

Moira walked over to the door quickly, knowing exactly who it is. 

“Flynn,” she greeted him before the door was fully open. Flynn stood with his hat in his hands against his chest. 

“Come for him, have you?” she nodded towards Lincoln. 

“Indeed, I have.” Flynn looked between Moira and Lincoln. “I’m not interrupting anything am I?”

“No, nothing really.” Moira pulled the door open as he stepped through.

“Conall Flynn.” Flynn extended his hand to Lincoln.

Lincoln shook his hand. “Lincoln Clarke.” 

“Chief Ryan Quinn humbly requests your presence at his home.” 

“Is this really necessary?” answered Lincoln. “As I told the guards at the gate, I have no business with this … Ryan Quinn.”

“Maybe not,” replied Flynn as he gestured towards the door, “but he has business with you. If you would just come with me, please, I’m sure he won’t take up too much of your time.”

Lincoln threw his arms up. “Damn it … fine … Moira, I’ll meet you back downstairs after I’m done with this nonsense, all right?”

Moira nodded her agreement as Lincoln lingered for a moment before turning and rushed out of the room to join Flynn. As she closed the door behind her, she pressed her back against it, letting out a sigh. Closing her eye, Moira took several long, deep breaths. After a few minutes, she pulled the door open again and strode through it as she went to face the rest of her day.
























Chapter 3


Lincoln was blinded by the morning sun as he followed Flynn out of The Midnight Hour. Nothing in the town of Quinn was natural; everything was built on a foundation of cut stone. The vibrant greens of nature fought against the hewn grey, but even they too were controlled. Ivy clung and draped over bare walls as trees stood defiantly among their square prisons that lined the back alleys. 

“So why does this Ryan Quinn want to meet me?” Lincoln asked Flynn as they travelled to their destination.

Flynn didn’t turn around. “It’s simple. You’re a person of interest from a foreign country, and he owns this town.” Flynn paused for a second and then added. “I figured the name would have tipped you off.”

Lincoln figured that the man’s last name and the name of the town was no coincidence. 

“So why is the place named after him?” Lincoln asked.

“It’s not. It’s named after his family, who built this town, so he really does own the place.” Flynn halted and turned to face Lincoln. “Not that it’s the only reason he’s the chieftain.” Flynn turned back around and continued marching. “He has done a lot of good as the leader of the community, and he’s not afraid to get his hands dirty doing some labour in the quarry.”

They rounded the corner and walked up the market street towards the tallest point in town, where Lincoln saw a large home. The market street was crowded when compared to the previous streets they’d passed. Seemingly hundreds of people were milling around the multitude of stalls and shops lining the street. Flynn tipped the brim of his hat and greeted almost everyone they passed in the street. These passers-by were polite to Lincoln, too. Most greeted him with a smile or a quick “How are you?” 
The men passed by a clothing store as they came near the end of the market. Lincoln almost stopped completely as he spotted a tailor’s shop. He was in need of fresh garments, especially considering the duration of his stay and the return trip home. He wished he could change now, considering he was about to be thrust into the role of foreign diplomat. Lincoln pulled and brushed at the dirt that dusted his coat as he hurried to catch up with Flynn, who didn’t appear to notice Lincoln was lagging behind him. 

Now aware of his ragged appearance, Lincoln could only guess how much worse his escort made him look in comparison. Fitted and pristine, Flynn’s boots were even free of dust as he strode through the street with his clean-shaven chin held high. Lincoln’s hand went instinctively to his own chin. “This is going to be rough.” He grumbled to himself as he felt the repercussions of his neglected goatee.  

They soon arrived at Quinn’s house, and it was a spectacular building! The three-storey house loomed over its neighbours, elevated by a tall foundation. A wall quarantined the house from the rest of town.
 
As much as the property resembled a fortress, it was horrendously unprotected for such a facility. The large doors leading into the courtyard were left completely open, and not a soul was present. But Lincoln couldn’t complain since it made entering the place quick and hassle free. They climbed a short set of stairs that led to a bright door. Flynn knocked quickly three times, and the both of them stood side by side in silence. They waited for several seconds until heavy footsteps approached the door . Flynn quickly stood at full attention as the door swung inwards.

When he caught sight of the prestigious Ryan Quinn, Lincoln didn’t feel so bad about his attire.

He had met a number of high-class men and woman in his time as an officer in Abalon but they were almost exclusively descended from wealthy families. Few had actually clawed their way to that position themselves. Ryan Quinn, on the other hand, was not what he expected to see, considering the man inherited his fortune from his forefathers. Lincoln had no trouble believing what Flynn said was true. The man wore no shirt-only a pair of worker’s overalls-so that his muscular arms and chest were clearly visible. 

“Good morning, Lieutenant Flynn,” said the man at the door.

Flynn was stone faced as he replied with a salute. “Good morning, sir. I have escorted Mr Clarke here as you requested, sir.”

The man returned the salute and turned to face Lincoln, holding out his hand. “Ryan Quinn, chieftain of the town of Quinn.” 

Lincoln found that Ryan had the strength to match as the man shook him by the hand.

“I’m very pleased to meet you, Mr Quinn,” Lincoln said as his hand was released.

“And I you.” 

Lincoln could tell there was warmth in Ryan’s smile as he greeted him, but not in his eyes. Ryan turned back to Flynn, who had not moved what seemed like a single muscle as he waited for Ryan and Lincoln to finish their introductions. 

“Thank you, Flynn. You may return to your duties, but you can join us if you wish.” 

Flynn almost dropped his serious demeanour as he replied, “I would be honoured, but I have duties to attend to.”

Ryan nodded his head. “Very well. Thank you again.” 

Ryan and Flynn shook hands before Flynn turned on his heel and marched out of the courtyard and down the street. 

Ryan motioned for Lincoln to follow him as he turned and led the way into the house.

Lincoln kept pace with Ryan as he stopped in a sitting room, which appeared to be made for occasions such as these. Ryan stopped and motioned for Lincoln to move past him into the room. “Welcome to Quinn and to my home. Please take a seat.”

Lincoln complied and sat in the middle of a coach facing a single chair in the middle of the room. Ryan followed and strode past him to a cabinet at the far side of the room. He opened it, revealing an assortment of beverages and glasses. 

“Care for a drink?” Ryan asked as he selected a bottle out of the cabinet.

“Yeah, I could go for one,” Lincoln replied, eyeing the bottle.

Ryan nodded, snatched two glasses out of the cabinet, and brought them over to the table separating the coach and the single chair. Ryan set the bottle and glasses on the table and then sat on the edge of the chair facing Lincoln as he poured them both a portion. He handed a glass to Lincoln then sat back in his seat. 

Lincoln accepted the glass, and they both took a drink of the liquid. 

“Good, right?” Ryan asked with confidence.

Lincoln nodded in agreement.

“It’s Sleightstone whiskey. They are well known for it around here.” Ryan passed the bottle to the other end of the table. “It shouldn’t be too hard to find if you want to take a bottle home with you.”

Lincoln picked up the bottle and inspected it. He did enjoy the beverage and would probably pick up a bottle for himself before he left, but he wasn’t sure it would make it all the way home with him. Lincoln returned the bottle to the table. 

“Why is this place called Quinn?” Lincoln asked.

Ryan’s face lit up at the question. “Because my great-great-grandfather built this place, you see. He owned the quarry and the land and decided to build his own town here. His statue is at the entrance of the town.”

Lincoln did remember seeing a statue of a man when he entered through the front gates, but he hadn’t paid it much attention.

Ryan gestured at a pickaxe that hung along the wall. “He used that very tool there.”

Lincoln interrupted him. “So he worked the quarry himself?”

Ryan smiled. “He did, and I do too—same as my father and his father before him.”

“A strange decision. Most people with your kind of wealth wouldn’t work a day in their lives.”

Ryan gestured to the lavish décor surrounding them. “True, but it taught me to appreciate what I have and the people who work for this city.”

Lincoln nodded. “So can anyone be the chief of this place?”

If Ryan was offended by the question, he didn’t show it. “Sure, but they have to be chosen by the people, just like I was.”

Ryan finished his drink and poured himself another one. “So, Mr Clarke, what business has brought you this far east of Fotland?”

“I’ve come looking for information on lycanthropy,” Lincoln replied, doing the same.

“Eamon looking to try us for the third time, is he?” Ryan laughed. “Can’t say I’m not surprised. It was damn nasty when your army started tearing itself to pieces.”

Lincoln chuckled nervously. “No … no … Nothing like that. There has been a lot of cases popping up in a short period of time, so I’m hoping to find a way of dealing with them quickly.”

Ryan composed himself. “Why travel this far east for that? There are tons of people who could have provided the information you’re seeking, and they’re a lot closer to your home than us.”

Lincoln frowned. “I tried to, but I figure most people thought I was just gathering information for the king.” Lincoln gestured toward Ryan. “Just like you did.”

Ryan nodded his head and took another drink before talking. “Have you found someone who has agreed to share this with you?”

Lincoln nodded. “Thankfully, yes.”

“Who?”

“Moira Ashe.”

“Moira … what did she tell you?”

Lincoln smirked. “Enough … and she’s letting me help hunt that werewolf that’s been plaguing the town the last few days.”

Ryan almost choked on his drink. “She told you about that?”

Lincoln nodded. “Just before I was stolen away to meet with you.”

“And you’re going to help kill it?”

“That is correct.”

Ryan leapt out of his seat. “Are you both insane?”

Lincoln held his hands up in self-defence. “Hey now … Calm down. There’s no need to get panicked.”

Ryan flung his hands into the air and paced around the room as his glass shattered against the wall. “No need to panic? Do you know what will happen if you get killed?” He stopped and pointed a stiff finger at Lincoln. “If you don’t return home, they’ll send people looking for you, and they’re going to come right here to my town. And then it will be Paleburg all over again.” His heaving chest slowed, and his flaring nostrils calmed as he sat back down in his seat and rubbed his eyes. “What was Moira thinking?”

Lincoln replied. “To be fair, the mess at Paleburg was executed by men, not monsters.”

“Hard to tell the difference after what they did.” Ryan sighed. “It doesn’t matter. All they’re looking for is an excuse.” He shook his finger at Lincoln. “I can’t have Moira not kill the thing, and I can’t afford to have you throwing yourself at death’s door. You will be moved into my house, and guards will be posted at your doors.”

Lincoln straightened his back and gave him a hard look. “I hope you aren’t suggesting you’ll hold me prisoner here?”

Ryan shook his head. “A prisoner? No, I simply plan to keep you safe until the matter is resolved.”

“I don’t think that’s how I’ll describe it when I get back home. And believe me, they won’t take too kindly to what I have to say.”  

Ryan’s eyes narrowed. “You would risk a war for this?” 

“The better question is would you? I won’t let you stop me from this. I do not want a room in your house. I do not want any personal guard. Let me finish my business here and we won’t ever see each other again.” 

Ryan glared back at him with intensity. “Damn it, fine.” Ryan’s shoulders slumped. “I’m damned either way anyhow.”

Lincoln bowed his head. “Thank you.”

“Curse the both of ya.” Ryan regained his composure as he stood up from his seat, extending his hand to Lincoln. “I’m glad we had this chat. Now I think it’s time you leave.”

Lincoln winced at Ryan’s crushing grip. “It was an interesting experience. I just hope I didn’t waste your time.”

Ryan scowled and muttered. “If it wasn’t for that damn …” His voice trailed off into muttering and the last of his hospitality evaporated as he escorted Lincoln out of his house. The door slammed behind him as Lincoln descended the steps.

Stopping outside the courtyard, Lincoln took stock of himself. The meeting hadn’t taken up much of his time, and he still needed a change of attire.

“It’s as good a time as any, I suppose,” he mumbled. With a shrug of his shoulders, Lincoln strolled off to the market.





















































Chapter 4


She didn’t even need her memory to find this house anymore. As though reliving a moment in time, Moira marched along her path, letting blind repetition guide her as her mind wandered. She snapped back to attention as she spotted the woman outside the two-storey building. Moira let out a heavy sigh and banished her wayward thoughts as she sat down. 

Sloane Moran spotted her and quickly crossed the street to sit beside her. 

“Still wearing the same old coat?” Sloane asked.

“Still wearing the same old uniform?”

A playful smile crept onto Sloane’s face. “Hold on now. You get to choose what you wear. The only way I’m changing up is if I get a promotion, and there’s not much higher than captain.” She pulled at Moira’s coat. “Besides, I swear there’s less coat every time I see it. Maybe it’s time for a change, eh?”

She couldn’t disagree with Sloane. Running her hands down her garment, Moira felt all the abuse her coat had suffered from the bullet hole in the chest to the rough patch jobs of her youth and the smoothness of her more recent work. She had been through a lot with this coat, and she couldn’t bear to let it go.
   
Moira ignored the suggestion. “See anything?”

Sloane brushed a lock of her chestnut-coloured hair behind her ear as she responded. “And the same old questions, it would seem.” She turned her head to observe the house before them. “I have three men posted here, and we’ve seen nothing—not James Nolan, and definitely no monster.”

“Any word if Hugh will search him for bites?”

Sloane shook her head. “He won’t allow James’s privacy to be invaded like that unless James agrees to it himself.”

“Has he?”

“Nope.”

Moira sighed. Commander Murphy was a good leader, but he protected his guards a little too much for her liking. And in this instance, he was making her job almost impossible.

Sloane placed a hand on Moira’s shoulder. “I’m sorry, but I think this whole affair is a waste of time. We should be looking for Kelly William and not guarding Nolan—both of them were in that patrol. William is still unaccounted for, but I know Nolan is in that house. He even swears it was William.”

“Sure, but where is he hiding? The attacks are always patrols and always close to town.” Nothing about the situation felt right to her.

Sloane shrugged her shoulders. “All I know is that William hasn’t left that house. Honestly, I don’t know how you convinced the commander to post us here for this long.” Sloane stood from the bench. “If that’s all you needed, I have to get back to my post.”

Moira pulled a smaller version of the map she made out of her jacket. “Speaking of patrols, do you know the routes for tonight?”

Sloane raised an eyebrow as she crossed her arms. “Don’t you get that information from Flynn?”

Moira held the map out to her. “He’s preoccupied right now.”
Sloane opened the map and traced the routes out with her finger as Moira watched silently until she was done. 

When Moira returned to the inn, Lincoln was already there, sitting at the bar talking with the bartender Bridget. She didn’t initially realize it was him due to his change of attire and his newly trimmed goatee. 

Lincoln tucked his notebook into his new coat as he spotted her moving towards her usual spot and called her name. Moira stopped and turned. Lincoln waved her over to the bar, and Moira reluctantly complied. 

Not all of Lincoln’s clothes were different. Only his boots and the silver locket he wore around his neck remained the same.

Moira sat at the bar with them. “How did it go with Quinn?”

Lincoln set his cup on the bar. “Good, but he’s not very happy with us.”

Bridget chimed in before Moira could talk. “And why shouldn’t he be?” She pointed at Lincoln. “That king of yours is just looking for a reason to have a go at us again, and your death would give him a good reason to.” She then turned and pointed at Moira. “And you’re helping him do it!”

Lincoln held up his hands. “I highly doubt my life is that valuable to the king.”

Moira responded. “No, they’re right. You came here under his orders with peaceful intentions. If you were to wind up dead it wouldn’t be good.”

Lincoln scoffed. “That’s absurd! I’ve been gone three weeks now. They could think me dead already and nothing has happened!”

The women exchanged glances but said nothing.

Lincoln continued. “Well, that’s not going to stop me going after the thing,” he gestured towards Moira, “with or without you.”

Bridget looked at Moira. “Well, I guess someone has to look after you then.”

Lincoln nodded his head. “That’s right.” He turned to Moira. “So, when do we get going?”

Moira got out of her seat. “We’re going now.”

Lincoln became excited as he stood and headed for the entrance. 

“Where do you think you’re going?”

Lincoln stopped and turned to see Moira standing in the doorframe leading to their rooms. 

“We’re going to sleep. You do remember these things only come out at night, right?”

Lincoln sighed as he sauntered off to his room. Moira placed her hand on his slender chest, stopping him in the doorway as he passed. 

“Rule number two: Don’t die.”

She patted Lincoln on the shoulder as he nodded and continued to his room.









































Chapter 5


Lincoln woke up sweating. He swung his legs off the edge of the bed and sat hunched over. He picked the locket off the nightstand and opened it. Inside was a portrait of him and his wife, Angela. 

Lincoln slowed his breathing as he tried to forget the contents of his nightmare. It was the same dream he had experienced over the last three weeks, ever since the outbreak. It had become less common the more time passed since that terrible night. Lincoln sat there for some time staring at the picture of his wife. He shook his head clear before snapping it shut.

He looped the locket around his neck as he rose from his bed. Getting dressed in his new clothes, Lincoln looked out the window. It was late afternoon from what he could tell past the tree outside his window. It should be time soon for his hunt with Moira, Lincoln thought to himself as he wrapped his belt around his waist. If he was lucky, this whole business would be over and done with tonight, but if he was being honest with himself, he did enjoy Moira’s company. 

His black notebook lay open on his windowsill, the freshly dried ink recounting Moira’s divulged knowledge, amongst other things.

Lincoln finished buckling his belt when a knock came at his door. He hurried flipped the notebook shut and then opened the door. Moira stood in his doorway fully armed. He was relieved to see her. After she’d found out about Ryan’s stance on their arrangement, he’d been a little worried that she would leave him behind.

“Ready to go?”

“Almost.” Lincoln left the door open. He slipped the notebook into his coat and then grabbed his pistol. His body quivered but his hand was steady as he placed the weapon into its holster and returned to the door. “Lead the way.”

Moira turned and strode down to the inn with Lincoln following close behind. 

While he’d been asleep the inn came to life. No longer empty of patrons, the place was filled with noise. Some of it came from the musicians playing inside, but most came from the people themselves as the men and women laughed and talked after a day of work. The sight of it all confused him. All this joy and jubilation while death itself stalked their homes. He followed Moira through the crowds and out into the evening streets. 

They said nothing to each other as they reached the front gates of the town. The guard on duty spotted their approach and yelled for the gates to open. The two large doors parted, allowing Moira and Lincoln to pass through without having to stop and closed again when they cleared the threshold. 

Moira unslung her weapon and tossed her head to the right. “This way. Keep quiet.”

Lincoln nodded and fell in behind her as they began their hunt through the forest. Moira constantly moved her head back and forth as they walked, compensating for her limited field of view. She also stopped whenever she heard a suspicious noise, holding up her hand to signal Lincoln to wait. But those occasions were few and far between as they travelled through the forest, and only served to startle Lincoln on an otherwise uneventful stroll. They travelled for a short time in complete silence. 

Soon Moira stopped and turned to Lincoln. She gestured to a nearby tree. “Climb up.”

Lincoln inspected the tree. There was nothing particularly outstanding about this tree when compared to the others around it. 

Lincoln raised his eyebrow. “Why this one?”

Moira rolled her eye. “Just trust me, all right?”

Lincoln didn’t like the idea, but he complied with her request. He reflected on the fact that he hadn’t climbed many trees in his life as he attempted to pull himself up the tree’s limbs. After successfully raising himself a few feet off the ground, Lincoln stopped and started trying to make himself comfortable. 

“Higher.”

Lincoln looked to the ground to see Moira pointing at a branch farther above him. “That one there.”

Lincoln sighed and climbed to the branch above him. Achieving his goal, he looked down at Moira. “Good enough?”

Moira nodded and began her ascent up the tree.

Lincoln couldn’t help but be impressed by her skills. Unlike him, she got to the branch on the opposite side of the tree’s trunk in several seconds!

Lincoln was still very conscious of staying on his perch. He couldn’t see Moira on the other side of the tree, but he turned his head to the right anyway. “Climb trees often?”

Moira responded. “When the occasion calls for it.”

Lincoln turned his head forward. “So, what are we doing up here anyway?”

“We won’t get ambushed up here,” she explained.

They sat in the tree for some time. The only sounds heard were the creatures that called the forest their home. And the only noticeable change was the encroaching darkness of the night. 

Lincoln yawned.

“Don’t fall asleep.”

Lincoln shook his head. “Any idea how long this is going to take?”

“No idea.”

Lincoln rested his head back against the tree trunk. “You said you weren’t originally from here?”

Moira responded with a quick. “Uh huh.”

Lincoln closed his eyes. “Where are you from?”

There was no response for several seconds until Moira said quietly, “Brinn.”

Lincoln had to strain to hear her answer. “Where’s that?”

“It’s several miles north of here.”

“Why did you leave?”

He heard the sound of Moira shifting position. “Because I had to.”

“But why?”

Moira didn’t answer. Instead, she asked a question of her own. “What is your job?”

“I’m a medical officer.”

There was some surprise in her voice. “A medic.”

“That’s right.”

“Have you ever used that pistol of yours.”

“I’m trained, if that’s what you’re asking.”

She breathed a sigh of relief. “Good. I was worried you wouldn’t be able to defend yourself.” She then added. “I guess that’s why they sent you.”

Lincoln smiled. “That, and I volunteered.”

Surprise crept into her voice again. “Why did you do that?”

Lincoln replied sadly. “Because I saw first-hand the destruction these things can cause.”

Moira’s mood darkened as well. “What happened?”

Lincoln touched the locket around his neck. “My wife, Angela, and I were out for the night when we witnessed an attack.”

“You’re married?”

“Yeah.”

“What happened?”

“I would rather not talk about it. But they took the thing down … eventually.”

Moira replied, “I’m sorry.”

“Yeah, I am too.”

A few seconds passed before Moira asked. “Where’s your ring?”
Lincoln rubbed where his ring had been, silently choking back his tears at the memory of his wife. Finally, he changed the subject in reply, “Any idea who this werewolf is?”

Moira shrugged. “I’ve narrowed it down to two people. James Nolan and Kelly William.”

“Who are they?”

“They’re two guards from the first attack.”

“Why them?”

She sighed. “James swears that Kelly is the killer, but we haven’t found him. And with the attacks so close to town, we would have found him by now.”

“So you think James is the killer and is using Kelly’s disappearance to throw suspicion off of himself?”

“I do, but the more I find out about James the more I’m convinced he’s innocent.” Moira sighed. “If I could find a bite on him, I could prove that he’s the one. But it could also be some unknown person from the woods. A lot of the beasts come from the bandits that roam some of the roads.”

Lincoln was about to respond when a scream shattered the calm. Lincoln bolted into a seating position and opened his eyes. Moira, on the other hand, had already jumped to the ground and was running towards the sound. Lincoln yelled for her to wait for him as he climbed down the branches.

The sound of yelling and gunfire joined the scream as Lincoln ran to catch up with Moira. New screams replaced the first, and as he came closer, Lincoln heard the inhuman snarls that had haunted his dreams for the past weeks. Lincoln could barely see anything as he tried to make his way through the darkness. His heart was still racing as he burst out of the foliage. A half dozen rifles swung in his direction as gasps and wails escaped the throats of the men holding them.

“Whoa! Don’t shoot.” Moira leapt between them. “It’s okay. He’s with me.”

A collective exhale left the group as they raised their guns. Moira sequestered them away, all of them with their weapons shaking in their white-knuckled hands as their heads darted in every direction. The group began pointing and gesturing as Lincoln moved to examine the area.

The body of a mauled guard was spread near a thicker cluster of foliage. The guard’s right shoulder and arm were almost torn from his body, and his chest had been shredded by the creature’s claws. Another man, still alive, was sitting on the ground. He was shaking, taking long drinks from his canteen. Other men in the group talking with Moira followed his lead. The man’s arm was wrapped with fabric that had turned dark red from heavy bleeding.
 
Lincoln rushed over to the man. “Can I see your wound, please?” He reached out to hold the man’s arm. “I’m a medic.”

The man winced and swore as Lincoln unwrapped the bandage. 

“What’s your name?” Lincoln asked the man.

The man’s voice was shaky. “Kaleb, Kaleb Gallagher.”

Lincoln finished unwrapping the bandage and exposed the wound. Lincoln gasped when he saw it. It was a bite, and it was bad. 

Moira’s eye widened when she turned to them and spotted the wound. She quickly stepped towards them, reaching into her coat. 

The man turned to her, sobbing. He began pleading for his life as she drew the pistol on him. He held up his hands to defend himself. “Please, my family!”

Moira didn’t hesitate. She fired.

Lincoln was speechless as Kaleb fell lifeless to the ground. He stared at Moira as she replaced the weapon back into its holster.    

She looked back at him and pointed towards blood streaks leading away from the group. “He’s dragged another body away from here. We need to find it.”

He yelled at her. “What the hell is wrong with you!”

Moira was taken aback. “Excuse me?”

Lincoln howled, “You just killed that man!”

“He got bit. He would have turned—given enough time—and the last thing we need right now is having two of them running around!” 

Lincoln looked over at the other guards. All of them were standing around with their heads hung low. None of them joined the argument.

Moira growled. “We don’t have time for this! Are you coming or not?”

Lincoln glared at her, “I’m not going anywhere with you.”

Responding with only a glare in kind, Moira turned and ran after the beast.




Thank you for reading this excerpt from Moira Ashe: Enemy Within. If you would like to continue reading, please consider purchasing the full book for $2.99USD.



