
MURDER through a KILLER’S EYES
By Robert D. Coleman

Copyright ©2021 by Robert D. Coleman
Smashwords Edition
All rights reserved. No part of this book may be used or reproduced in any manner whatsoever without written permission, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles or reviews. Please do not participate in or encourage the piracy of copyrighted materials in violation of the author’s rights. Purchase only authorized editions.

CONTENTS
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14

CHAPTER 1
John Carter heard a noise and opened his eyes, he was momentarily confused, and Carolyn reached over him and turned off the alarm clock. She lays her head back down on his chest. “What was that? He said, still confused. She picks her head up and looks at him. “It's the alarm clock, doofus.” He raises his head. “It's time to get up already?” She lays her head back down. “No, the clock is set 15 minutes ahead. So it’s really just 5:45 am and not 6:00 am. You are normally up before it goes off. What’s up with that?” She says. He kisses her on the forehead. “I don’t know, I slept hard.” he closes his eyes for a moment and then opens them back up. “Why is the clock set 15 minutes ahead?” She moves her head around on his chest and says. “So when it goes off I know it's ahead and have another 15 minutes to sleep.” He is silent for a moment then says. “Why don’t you just set it for 5:45 am, then you have an extra 15 minutes and the correct time?” She raises her head. “Who the hell wants to wake up at 5:45 am.” He thinks for a moment. “But Babe. If it goes off at 6:00 and it’s really 5:45, aren't you really waking up at 5:45 anyway?” She raises up her head and looks at him. “I have been doing it this way for 20 years, you’re running the risk of pissing me off, and you’re wasting my 15 minutes.” He kisses her on the forehead again and says. “Well, I sure don’t want to do that.”
He gets up and puts on some sweat pants and shirt and slips on his house shoes and heads to the kitchen, and gets some coffee started. He stepped out on the back porch to see what the weather was like. It was a lovely chilly March morning. He returned to the kitchen and got him a cup of coffee and went back out on the porch, and sat down at the table.
He loved watching the sun come up. He always had, for some reason, he had always found it peaceful. He took a sip of his coffee. He watched as the squirrel named Rocky came down from a tree and ate some sunflower seeds out of the feeder he had made for him. He smiled and said. “You’re hitting the sunflower seeds early Rocky, you’re going to get fat!” Rocky turned his head and looked at Carter, and put another seed in his mouth. Carter took another sip of his coffee. Rocky had been born in the tree in his backyard. He had always enjoyed watching him.
The back door opened, and Carolyn came out in her housecoat. She pulled out a chair and sat down with her coffee. She takes a sip and says. “I was wondering who you were talking to. I should have known it was Rocky.” Carter nodded. “Rocky is getting him some breakfast.” He said. They sat in silence for a few minutes, enjoying the quiet. She looks over at him. “What do you have going on at work today?” She asks. He takes a drink of coffee. “Well, if everything goes right, we should close out a case today.” She nods. “That’s good. But please don’t be late. We have that barbecue tonight, and you’re on the grill.” he takes another drink and says. “I won’t. I may even try to get out of there a little early.”
She stands up and walks over, and kisses him. “I’m going to get breakfast ready.” She turns and walks back inside. He was looking forward to the Barbecue. They had invited many people that he had worked with here in town and his family, along with his team he worked with now. It would be great to see them all.
He got up and looked over at Rocky. “See you later, Rocky,” he said as he walked back into the house. As he walked through the kitchen, he saw that Carolyn was scrambling some eggs. “Smells good,” he says as he walks by her on his way back to the bedroom to get a quick shower and get dressed.
About 10 minutes later, he comes out of the bathroom freshly showered and shaved. Getting dressed, he gets one of his white shirts, pulls it on, buttons it up, and tucks the tail into his jeans. He looks in the mirror and combs his hair. He picks up his wallet, opens it up, takes his Ranger badge out, and pins it on his shirt. He picks up his gun belt and puts it on and then goes over to the gun safe and puts in the six-digit code and reaches in and takes out his 38 pistol that was his Papaw’s and has J.D.C. on the handle. He checks the load and puts it in his holster.
Walking to the kitchen, he finds Carolyn has breakfast ready and waiting for him on the table. He sits down, and she joins him at the table. She looks over at him and says. “Becky and I have been doing a lot of looking around at colleges. But we are not getting a lot of help from Tom. He doesn’t even have any idea what he wants to study. Can you talk to him? They graduate in a few months, and we have to get this figured out.” Carter nods. “Ok, I will talk to him. Wow, we are going to have two kids in college. We should have spaced them out more. Was it your idea to have twins?” She gives him a stern look, and he smiles at her. “We will figure out a way to pay for it,” he says.
Tom and Becky walk up. Becky puts her hands around her Dad and kisses him on the top of the head. “Good morning, Daddy.” She says. John looks up and her. “Good morning, sweetheart.” They all join hands and say a prayer, and then they start eating. Carter looks over at Tom. “What do you think about the schools yall have been looking at?” Tom takes a bite of bacon and says. “I don’t know, Dad. They all look good.” Carter takes a sip of coffee. “So what do you want to study?” Carter asks. Tom kind of looks up in the air and rolls his eyes. “Let’s see, women, cars and parties, college life.” Carter gives Tom a hard look and then says. “You know that’s not what I meant. You need to take this seriously, or it won’t matter where you go. If you don’t make the grades, you will be back home. So you need to get with your Mom and sister and get this figured out!” Tom holds up his hands. “Ok, Dad. Don’t get your blood pressure up. It’s all good.” Carter nods. “Ok, it better be.” He says.
Carter takes his last sip of coffee and stands up. “I better get gone.” He kisses Carolyn. “Have a good day.” She says as he walks around the table and kisses Becky on the head. “By Daddy,” Becky says. He walks around and puts his hands on Tom’s shoulders and leans down and says. “We love you and just want you to do well.” Tom smiles. “I know, Dad,” Tom says.
Carter turns and heads out to his car for the drive into Waco. One of the things he missed about being Limestone County Sheriff was the 5-minute drive to work. But on some days, it was not a bad thing. It gave him a chance to think. It had been almost a year since he took over the homicide task force, working both new and cold cases. His team had really come together. He quickly made the drive and pulled into the F Company parking lot, and headed up to the office.
Walking inside, he saw several Rangers working in the bullpen area. Entering into his office, he found Ranger Jessica James making coffee for him. She had her back to him with her long red hair pulled back into a ponytail under her Stetson Cowboy hat. She hears him come and turns to him. “Morning Pops, I was getting you some coffee ready.” Carter smiles as he sits down at his desk. “Morning. How are you this morning?” She hands him a cup of coffee, and he takes a sip. She sits down across the desk from him. “I’m great. Will be even better when we get those DNA results.” Carter nods. “I’m looking forward to that too. Let me know as soon as you have something.” She stands up. “Will do Pops.” She stands up and leaves.
Carter sits back in his chair and takes a sip of coffee. One of the perks of this job was good coffee. But he did miss Nancy Hall, his secretary back in Limestone County. He loved her, but she couldn’t make a good cup of coffee to save her life. He smiled, thinking of Nancy. He would see her tonight at the barbecue along with most of the people he had worked with as Sheriff.
He stood up and walked outside the office and looked around. He had put together a good team. There was Ranger Berry Martin. He was about 35 and had been with the Ranger’s about eight years. Then, David Hooks had been with the Ranger’s almost five years and Steven North for about two years. His tech person Pam Carr, and then there was Ranger Jessia James, who at 23 was by far the youngest Ranger, But she also had something special. She had the potential to be a great Ranger. He just had to teach her well and bring her along slowly.
He looked up to see Ranger’s James and Martin walking toward him, James smiling big. James handed Carter a folder. “We got him, Pops.” She said. He looked at it and then up at her. “Let’s go pick him up,” Carter says. James pumps her fist. “Yes!” she says. Carter looks over at her. “I guess that means you want to go.” She nods and smiles. “Hell ya, I want to go.” She says.
Carter, James, and Martin head out and get into Carter’s car and make the drive over to First National Bank of Waco and park. Ranger Martin sitting on the passenger side next to Carter looks through their folder and says. Floyd Mayfield works here as an investment broker for the last eight years.” Carter takes the folder and looks at it and puts it up on the dash, and says. “Let’s go get him.”
They get out and walk up to the door, and Carter opens it and lets James and Martin walk in first, and then Carter follows them in. They look around, and a woman at a desk in the lobby asks them. “Can I help you?” Carter looks over at her. “Yes, thank you. We are looking for Floyd Mayfield.” She looks up at him. “I’m sorry, Mr. Mayfield is in a meeting with a client. Can somebody else help you?” Carter shakes his head. “No, I’m afraid not. We need to see him now.” About that time, another man walks up and says. “I’m William Block, Bank President. How can I help you?” Carter looks over at him. “We are here to see Floyd Mayfield. Can you show us to him, please?” Block looks at Carter and says. “He is in the conference room with a client.” Carter starts looking around. “And where would that room be?” Carter asks. Block, walks over and gets in front of Carter. “I’m afraid Mr. Mayfield can’t be disturbed right now. Maybe you could come back later?” Carter walks by Block and says. “No, I don’t think so. I will just find him myself.”
Carter walks down a hall to a door that is marked conference room. He looks back at Block, followed by James and Martin, and says. “This must be it.” He opens the door and goes inside, and they all follow him in. He sees Mayfield sitting across from two other men. They all look up with a surprised look on their faces. “Mr. Mayfield, I’m Texas Ranger John Carter, and this is Ranger’s James and Martin. You need to come with us, please.” Mayfield stands up. “What is this about? What is the meaning of this?” Carter looks back at him. “We will get into that later. Right now, you need to come with us.” Mayfield frowns, “I’m not going anywhere!” Carter looks at him. “We can do this the easy way or the hard way. Think about it.” Mayfield pauses for a moment and then starts walking out of the conference room and into the lobby, with James and Martin on each side of him and Carter following him.
When they got to the car, James opened the back door for him, and he got in, and she went around to the other side and got in, Martin got in on the passenger side, and Carter got behind the wheel. They made the drive back to F Company headquarters. Getting out, they made their way inside. Carter looked over at James. “Show Mr. Mayfield to interrogation room 1, please.” James takes Mayfield by the arm. “Will do Pops. This way, Mr. Mayfield.” She says as she leads him to room 1. When they get inside, she looks at Mayfield. “Have a seat. We will be with you shortly.” She turns and leaves.
James smiles big at Carter as she comes out. They go into the room next to interrogation room 1. Inside there is a one-way mirror looking into the other room that Mayfield is sitting in. “We got him, Pops,” James said. Ranger Martin comes in and hands Carter the file. “You going to question him, boss?” Martin asks. Carter looks up from the file. “Yes, but let’s make him squirm first.”
Carter walks back out to the bullpen. He walks over to Ranger David Hooks and Ranger Steven North, and Carter says. “Y'all come watch this. You, you were a big part of this. Hooks and North both put down their pens on their desk and get up. “Thanks, boss,” North says as they walk to the interrogation room. Carter then walks down to the tech room and walks inside to find Pam Carr working on her computer. She looks over her shoulder at him. She is suddenly nervous. “Yes, Sir Ranger Carter.” Carter looks down at her. “Are you busy?” She shakes her head. “No, sir. What can I do for you?” Carter smiles. “Nothing, We brought in Floyd Mayfield. I thought you might like to watch the interrogation.” “Oh,” she says. “Yes, sir, I would love to.” Carter smiles. “You were a big part of this.”
They walk back to the room with the mirror, looking into the integration room. Carter looks around at his team. “Ok, let’s do this.” He walks out and into the integration room to find Floyd Mayfield impatiently waiting for him. Carter looks up to see the record light come on the camera. Mayfield then says. “Just what is this all about?” Carter sits down across from him and looks through the file, and says nothing. Mayfield says again. “Did you hear me? What is this about?” Carter looks up at him. “I’m Texas Ranger Lieutenant, John Carter.” Mayfield nods. Yes, I remember who you are. If this is about that DUI, I got a few months ago. I did my community service and paid my fine.” Carter looks up at him and says. “I know you did. That’s not what this is about.” Carter pulls a picture out of the file and shows it to Mayfield. “Do you know her?” Mayfield’s face turns white. But he looks at Carter and says. “No, I don’t know her.” Carter puts the picture back in the file. “Oh, is that right,” Her name is Alice Duncan. She was a college student and lived in your building ten years ago.” Mayfield throws up his hands. “I can’t be expected to remember every person that lived in my building 10 years ago.” Carter pulls out the 2nd photo and shows it to him. “What about this one? Remember her now.” Mayfield looks at an autopsy photo of her and is visibly shaken. Carter puts the photo away. “I’m surprised you don’t remember her getting killed in your building.”
Mayfield looks aways and says nothing. Carter then says. “I think her killer was somebody she knew and let in her apartment. We know it wasn’t her boyfriend because we cleared him when we found this. He pulls out another photo and shows it to him. “That’s a bloody fingerprint we got off her neck. That’s her blood. Killer slapped her around first and blooded from her nose, dripped on her neck, and he left that print while he was choking her to death. We also got some DNA from the semen he left after he raped her. The problem was, the fingerprint and the DNA didn’t match anything we had in our system. So the case went cold. I bet the killer thought he got away with it. But that fingerprint and DNA didn’t go away.” Carter looks across the table at Mayfield and smiles. “You know what happened next?” Carter asks. Mayfield has a sick look on his face but says nothing. “I will tell you what happened. 10 years later, our killer gets pulled over and arrested for DUI and gets his fingerprints taken and his blood alcohol level taken and putting his DNA in the system. Then it flagged on our cold case. So my team reran the print and got a hit. Guess who’s fingerprint that was?” Carter pauses for a moment. “I think by the look on your face, you already know. But I’m going to tell you anyway. It was you!” Mayfield looks across at Carter and says. “I want a lawyer.” Carter closes his file. “I bet you do. Oh, and by the way. There is no statute of limitations on murder.” Carter stands up and says. “I will get somebody in here to read you your rights and book you in.” Carter takes a few steps toward the door and turns back to Mayfield. “Just goes to show, don’t drink and drive.”

CHAPTER 2
Roy pulled up in his driveway and got out of his car. He had a hard day at work today. He had stopped at the local bar and had a few beers with his coworkers after they got off. He hoped Jane had dinner ready. He just wanted to eat in peace. He hoped she could keep her fucking mouth shut. That’s all he got from her now was mouth. She didn’t appreciate how hard he worked. She just answers the phone all day and thinks that is work. She doesn’t know what work is.
He reaches the front door and turns the doorknob , and finds it locked. “What the fuck.” he says. He reaches in his pocket and pulls out his keys, and unlocks the door. Inside, he finds the house dark, and nobody is home. He turns on the light and walks down the hall to the living room, and looks around and sees nobody. He walks to the kitchen. Nobody and no dinner started. Now she was pissing me off. He opens the fridge and grabs a beer and opens it and takes a drink. He walks to Danny’s room and looks in. He is not here either. He walks back to the living room and sits down in his recliner. That bitch better have a good explanation when she gets back.
A few hours and several beers later, he hears the front door open. He looks over his shoulder and sees Jane walking in. “Ware the fuck have you been?” He says. “I had some business to take care of.” She says as she walks over to his chair. “I know you’re hungry. I brought you some chicken.” She takes the chicken box out of her bag and puts it on the table next to his chair.
He stands up and picks up the box of chicken, and looks at her. He throws the box across the room, hitting the wall. “Chicken! Do you think I want chicken? I want to know where my fucking wife has been?” She looks at him, frightened. “I was taking care of some business.” She says. He looks at her and grabs the folder she had in her hands. “What kind of fucking business?” He says, looking through the papers. He looks up at her. “Divorce papers! You're going to divorce Me!” He looks at her with hate in his eyes. “After everything I have done for you. You're going to divorce me! You fucking bitch!”
He took two steps toward her. She held up her hands. “Please, Roy, calm down. We can work this out. I just don’t want to get hurt anymore.” He reaches over and grabs her by her long red hair and pulls it hard. “Is that right bitch? You don’t want to get hurt?” he brings his right hand back and slaps her hard across the face. She falls hard to the ground. He grabs her by the hair again and pulls her to her feet. “Please, Roy, stop.” She says. He pulls her head up and close to his face. “Look me in the eye bitch!” He says. She opens her eyes and looks at him. “Look me in the eye and show me some fucking respect!” he shouts. He then slaps her hard again, and she falls to the floor. He picks up the divorce papers and tears them up, and throws them on top of her on the floor. “Now, get out of my sight!”
Jane pulls herself to her feet and leaves the room. Roy sits back down in his chair and takes a long drink of beer. After drinking two more beers, Roy falls asleep in his chair. A loud knock on the door awakens him. He looks around and doesn’t see anybody. He hears more knocking on the door. He gets up and tries to steady himself. He staggers to the door and struggles to open it. When he gets the door open, he finds his neighbor and Waco Police Detective, Jeff Neal. “Hey, Roy,” Neal says. “Everything ok here?” Roy nods. “Yes, Jeff, everything is fine.” Neal looks back at him. “You've been drinking Roy?” Neal asks. Roy frowns. “Yes, I have had a few beers. But I’m home. So what.” Neal looks down and then back up at Roy. “Is Jane home? I need to speak to her.” Roy steps back and throws his hands up and back down. “What the fuck, Jeff. What’s this about.” Neal looks back at Roy. “I think you know what this is about. You're lucky she called me and not the precinct. Now let me talk to her, or do I call for backup and get everybody involved.”
Roy stepped back as Neal walked past him, he said. “Just sit down and let me talk to her.” He walked back to the bedroom and knocked on the door. “Jane it’s me, Jeff.” “Come in.” he heard her say from the other side of the door. Neal opened the door and went inside. He found Jane sitting on the bed. Her left eye black and swollen shut. “Oh my God,” he said. “Did he do this?” She nodded. “Yes, If I stay with him, he is going to kill me. I need help.” Neal sits down beside her on the bed. “I will call it in and arrest him.” Her head snaps up. “No, you can't do that. I don’t want this public. He could lose his job.” He looks at her. “He is my friend, but he should have thought about that before he put his hands on you,” he said. She stands up. “We have to keep this between us.” He stands up and says. “Do you have someplace you can go to?” She turns to him. “I need to get my things together without him being here. Then I can go stay at my sister’s.” “Ok,” he says. “I will get him checked into a motel for a few days and let you take care of that.” She nods. “Thank you, Jeff.”
Neal walks back up to the living room and up to the reclining chair that Roy is sitting in. “Ok, Roy, here is the deal. You’re going to get you a bag together, and you’re going to stay in a motel for a few days and let her get her stuff together. When she is out, you can come back.” Roy looks up at him. “What the fuck! I’m not going anyplace. This is my home!” Neal pauses for a moment and then says. “Look, it's either that or you get arrested. Your choice.” Roy sits there with his anger building when Neal says. “Look, she is cutting you a hell of a break, not wanting you charged. Do you really want them here to take pictures of her? You could lose your son. Do this for his sake. Roy reluctantly agrees, and they get him a few things together.
They get in Roy’s van, and Neal drives Roy over to a motel and gets him checked in. They go up to the room, and he gets Roy settled in. As Neal turns to leave, he says to Roy. “Get some rest, and don’t call her!” I’m going to catch a uber home. But I'm taking your keys with me. I don’t want you doing anything stupid. I will come back and check on you in a little bit. Roy nods. “Thanks,” Roy said as Neal walked out the door.
*
(Carter home)
John Carter pulled up in his driveway about 5:30, he had left a little early so he could get home and help get ready for the barbecue tonight. He had been looking forward to it. A lot of his old friends would be here. He looked around to see that Tom had gotten the yard mowed like he had asked him to do.
He opened the front door and walked in to find Tom lying on the couch, all hot and sweaty. He looked up. “Hey, Dad. Did you see the yard?” Carter smiles. “Yes, son, I did. It looks nice. Thank you.” Tom gives him a thumbs up and says. “Does this mean I can ditch this party and go hang with my friends?” Carter sits down in the recliner. “You don’t want to stay for the hamburgers and hotdogs?” Tom gives his Dad a look. “I can get a burger at Sonic and hang out with all the hot chicks.” Carter smiles. “Ok, son, you can slip out early. Jessica will be here early. I will send her for anything I need.” Tom sits straight up. “Jessica? Like In Jessica James?” Carter nods. “Yes, she should be here anytime now.” Tom Jumps up. “Dad, That redheaded goddess is coming, and you didn’t tell me!” Carter, smiles. I thought you knew.” Tom’s eyes get big. “No, I didn’t know! She is fixing to walk in here all smoking hot, and I’m standing here all stinky! No, this can’t happen. I got to get a shower.” Tom then runs out.
Carter gets up. He doesn’t have time to sit. He walks through the kitchen and finds Carolyn and Becky getting hamburgers made up. “How is it going, girls?” He says. Carolyn looks at him and smiles. “Good, You should probably get the fire going.” Carter turns, “I’m on it.” He says as he heads for the back door.
He goes out on the back porch and looks around. It was nice out here. He opens up the grill and looks inside. He takes the grill off, walks over, picks up a charcoal bag, opens it up, and puts it in the bottom of the grill. He picks up a lighter and lights the charcoal. It seems to light right up. Well, that was easy. He pulls up a chair and sits down. He should go in and see if Carolyn and Becky need any help. But he was just going to sit here and enjoy the day for a few moments.
He looked up and saw his squirrel Rocky running up a tree. He got up, walked out to the shed, got a bag of sunflower seeds, and filled Rocky’s feeder. He heard the back door open, and he looked to see Jessica James standing on the porch. “You feeding the squirrel’s Pops?” She comes down off the porch. He looks at her. “Yes, I got to feed Rocky.” She smiles. “Rocky, the squirrel has a name?” She asks. He turns to her. “Yes, he has a name. Rocky was born in the trees behind the house. I have been feeding him for years.” She nods. “How do you know it's the same squirrel?” She asks. He gives her a stern look. “I know my squirrel. That’s Rocky.” She holds up her hands. “Ok, Pops.”
They go back up on the porch and sit down. Carter reaches into an ice chest and takes out two soda’s and hands one to James. “Thanks, Pops.” She says, opening the soda and taking a drink. She looks over at him. “I’m looking forward to meeting some more of the people you worked with here in Groesbeck.” He nods. “Well, most of them will be here.” She takes another drink of her soda. “Most of them worked with you on the Slone case?” She asks. She knew it was a touchy subject with him. But just in case it came up in small talk tonight. She wanted to know what to say and what not to say. He was silent for a moment then said. “Yes, most of them worked with me or were at least here in town when all that was going down.” She nods and says. “Does anybody but me know about that weird text message you got after we got home?” He looks over at her, obviously not wanting to talk about it. “No, nobody else knows anything about that. Not Carolyn, not Tom, not anybody, and I want to keep it that way. I’m sure it was just a prank. She takes a drink of soda. “Ok, Pops, But who would prank you like that?” He gets up and looks at the fire and then turns back to her. “That was a long fall into cold water. No way he survived.” She stands up and walks over next to him, and says. “They never found a body.” He pokes the fire with a stick. “There could be a hundred reasons for that. That doesn’t mean he is alive.”
They hear the back door open, and they both look up to see Tom come out on the porch, he has on a nice pair of jeans and boots on, and a western shirt on he makes eye contact with James. “Hey, Jess.” She smiles back at him. “Hey, they're handsome.” She says. He pulls out a chair and sits down beside him. “How have you been doing?” He asks. “I’m good.” She says. “Can I get you something to drink?” He asks. She holds up her soda. “No, I’m good. Thank you.” He gives her a devilish grin and says. “I guess you can get me something then?” About that time, Carter reaches into the ice chest and hands Tom a soda. Tom’s smile disappears as he takes it. “Oh, thanks, Dad.” Tom takes a drink of his soda and says to James. “You are looking good.” She looks at him and smiles. “You are too. You've been working out?” She asks. Tom grins big and flexes his bicep. “Ya, maybe a little.” Her eyes get big. “Can I feel it?” She asks. “Sure.” He says. She feels his bicep. “Wow, impressive,” she says. He turns to her. “Have you seen my truck?” He asks. “No, I haven’t,” she says. “Come check it out?” He stands up. “Let me go get my keys.” Tom heads back into the house.
Carter turns to James, trying hard not to laugh. “What are you doing? Encouraging him.” She looks back at him. “I’m just having some fun with him. He is cute. If he was just a little bit older. She gets up and goes inside and passes Becky coming out with a plate of hamburgers and hotdogs to put on the grill. She hands them to her Dad. “Mom said you could start with these.” He takes the plate. “Thank you.” He says. He turns and starts putting them on the grill.
For the next 30 or so, minutes Carter cooks on the grill as guests arrive. When the last of the hamburgers are taken up, he picks the plate of food up and walks it over to some tables set up in the yard. He sits the plate down and takes a seat across from Limestone County Sheriff Greg Roberts and Deputy Billy Hayes. Carter had worked with them for years while he was Sheriff here, and they had been friends for even longer. Roberts looks over at him and says. “It’s about time you got some food ready.” Hayes opens a bag of buns and takes one out. “Did you have to kill and skin the cow, John?” He says. Carter takes the bag of buns and takes one out, and hands it to Roberts. He looks over at them. “Nobody likes a smart ass.” He says. Roberts smiles. “Well, we don’t work for you anymore, so we can be smart asses.” They all laugh. Jessica James sits down next to Carter. Carter turns to her. “Where is Tom?” She smiles. “He is getting me a cold beverage.” They all smile and shake their heads. A few moments later, Tom shows up with a cup of iced soda and hands it to James. “Here you go, Jess.” She looks at him and smiles. “Thank you. You’re a sweetheart.” Hayes gives Tom a look. “You didn’t bring us anything?” Tom’s eyes get big. “A no. Sorry.” Hayes smiles. “I’m just kidding, Tom.”
For the next few hours, Carter enjoys eating and visiting with his coworker’s friends and family. As the party breaks up and most people have gone, Carter walks Jessia James out to her car. “I had a great time Pops. Let’s do this again sometime?” She says. Carter hugs her. “We will do it again soon.” She turns to get into her car, and she turns back. “Hey Pops, I hope I didn’t upset you with the Slone talk.” Carter shakes his head. “You didn’t,” he said. She smiles and starts to get in her car when she hears a voice. “Jess!” She looks up to see Tom running out of the house and up to her. “You weren’t going to leave without saying goodbye?” She smiles. “Good night Tom. I had a good time.” He smiles back at her and opens his arms, hoping for a hug. She reaches in and gives him a tight hug. As they pull back, they make eye contact for a moment. She smiles and says. “Don’t even think about it.” Tom steps back and is grinning from ear to ear and says. “I don’t have to think about it. Because you were thinking about it!” She opens her car door and gets in. As she is closing the door, she says. “Good night, handsome.” She starts her car and pulls out of the driveway. Tom looks over at his Dad and says. “Did you hear that? She said I was handsome. That’s the 2nd time she said that. Yep, she wants me.” Carter tries hard not to smile. “Don’t let it go to your head, son.”

CHAPTER 3
Roy woke up to a loud knock on the door. He sat up and, for a moment, wondered where he was. Then he remembered he was in a motel room. Another loud knock and Roy got up and opened the door to find Jeff Neal standing outside. He moved back, and Neal came in. He turned back to Roy. “I came back to check on you? How are you feeling?” Roy rubbed his head. “Well, I have sobered up enough to have a headache now,” Roy said as he sat down on the bed. Neal reaches into his pocket and pulls out Roy’s keys, and lays them on the table. “I’m glad you have calmed down. Here are your keys. Can I trust you not to do anything stupid? Roy nods. “Yes, I just need a beer to take this headache away.”Neal looks over at him. “Sleep will fix that. Lay back down. I’m headed home. I just wanted to check on you.” Neal opens the door to leave. “Thank you, Jeff,” Roy says, closing the door behind him.
*
(an hour later. 10:30 pm)
He walked across the motel parking lot toward the bar two blocks down the street. He pulled his hoodie over his head as he walked down the street. When he got inside, he found a large crowd for a Friday night. He went to the bar and ordered a beer. He finds a table, sits down, takes a long drink from his beer, and looks around. He sees a girl with long red hair sitting at a table with some of her friends. She looked a lot like his wife. He feels his anger build. How could that bitch fuck him over like that!.
He sat there alone and drank a few more beers, but he kept going back to the red-headed girl. That bitch looked just like her. They were all just alike. He watched a guy who tried to talk to her. She blew him off. She was stuck up, just like her. She could be her.
He watched as one by one her friends left till she was alone. He saw her pay her tab, and he quickly paid his. As she headed for the door, he was close behind. She turned and started walking down the street. He could tell by the way she was walking she had a little too much to drink. He quickly closed the ground behind her until he was only about five steps behind her. He could feel his anger build as he walked behind her.
When they came to an alley, his rage boiled over, and he ran up behind and grabbed her and pulled her into the alley. He had his left arm around her neck from behind and his right hand over her mouth. She tried to scream, but his hand covered the sound. He pushed her up against the wall of the building and turned her around to face him. He grabbed a handful of her long red hair with his left hand. Her eyes were big as he could feel her shaking. He looked her in the eyes. He could see the fear in her eyes. “You think you can just divorce me bitch!” He says as he slaps her with his right hand. She cries out, and he pulls her back close, making eye contact with her again. “After everything I have done for you.” He slaps her again and then grabs her around the neck with his right hand. “You think you’re going to take my son away from me bitch!” He starts squeezing her neck tight. “You think you’re going to fuck me over! I’m going to kill you bitch!” she went limp and fell to the ground. He went down on top of her, still clutching her neck. He pulled her head close to his face and looked into her glassed-over eyes. “You’re going to show me some fucking respect!”
He released her head and neck and let her fall to the ground. He stood over her and felt the feeling of power come over him as his anger faded away. It was the most glorious feeling he had ever felt. He dragged her body over to the side of the alley. He then made his way back out to the street, walked down to the motel, got his van, and returned to the alley. He opened up the side door, picked her up, put her inside, and closed the door. He got back into the van and started driving. They had been doing a lot of construction work on I-35, the main highway through Waco. He knew there was not much traffic under one of the bridges they were working on. He drove down there and stopped in the turnaround under the bridge. As he opened the side door, the light came on, and he could see her face with her lifeless eyes looking back at him. Those eyes showed him some respect now. He took out his pocket knife and reached down and cut her top eyelid and peeled it off and stuck his knife in and popped the eyeball out, and he then held it with his left hand while he cut the optical nerve with his right hand. He put his knife away, pulled out a handkerchief, placed it in, wrapped it up, and then put it in his pocket. He waited for a car to pass, and then he reached in and pulled her out and rolled her off to the side of the road. He quickly got back in the van and drove off.
Pulling back into the parking lot of the motel, he parked and got out. He had a feeling of power and control come over him. He liked that feeling. He was never giving up control again!
*
(Next morning)
John Carter tried to ignore the light shining through his bedroom door. It was Saturday and a rare chance to sleep late until he heard Carolyn’s voice. “Are you going to sleep all day?” she asks. He opens one eye and says. “Yes.” He closes his eyes. “It’s 10 o’clock, John.” She says. He opens one eye back up again and looks at the clock, which says 10:00 am. “It's really only 9:45,” he says, smiling and rolling over on his back. He looks up at her and says. “Why don’t we compromise, and you get back in bed, but we are both awake?” He holds out his arms for her to snuggle up. She crawls up in the bed and lays her head on his shoulder. “Ok. But just for a few minutes. We still got some cleaning up to do.”
They laid there and snuggled for a few minutes, and then Carolyn turns and kisses John. “Ok, time is up. Let’s go.” She gets up and turns the light on, and leaves the room. Carter sits up and rubs his eyes and then gets up and heads to the restroom. He brushes his teeth and brushes his hair. He looks in the mirror and rubs his face. He should shave, but it's his day off. He should give his face the day off too. He takes a quick shower and puts on a pair of sweatpants and a tee shirt.
He walks through the kitchen and finds Carolyn cleaning up, she says to him. “Would you like some breakfast? Or I guess we should call it brunch? Carter shakes his head. “No, I think I will get some coffee and go out back and clean up some. He pours him a cup and walks out to the back porch. Some tables need to be taken down and put away, and a few trash bags need to be closed up and put out in the cans. But it doesn't look that bad. He pulls out a chair and sits down at the table on the porch. It can wait until he finishes his coffee.
A few minutes later, the back door opens, and Carolyn comes out and sits down at the table with her cup of coffee. She looks over at him. “I can see you're getting a lot done.” She says. He takes a sip of his coffee and says. “I’m getting it all worked out in my head first.” She nods. “I see.” She says. They sit in silence, just enjoying the quiet. “Both the kids are working today. We get this done, and we could have the rest of the day to ourselves.” She says, smiling big. He looks over at her. “I like the sound of that.” About that time, his phone rings. She frowns. “I don't like the sound of that.” She says. John pulls his phone out and answers it. “Hello.” He says. He listens for a few moments. “Yes, Captain, I understand. I will head that way. Text me the address.” Carter puts his phone away and gives Carolyn a sad look. “There has been a murder in Waco. Waco Police want to turn it over to us. I’m sorry.” She smiles and shakes her head. “It goes with being the wife of a Texas Ranger. How late are you going to be?” She asks. “I don't know. It depends on what all I get into.”
He gets up and walks over to her, and kisses her. “I was looking forward to spending the day with you. Raincheck? He asks. She looks up at him. “Ya, I will put it with all the other rainchecks you owe me.” As he opens the back door to go in, he says. “I'm going to pay up and take you on a cruise someday.” “I will hold you to that.” He hears her say as he goes into the house.
He quickly gets dressed and is on his way to Waco. He calls Ranger James and gets her to meet him at the crime scene. From what the Captain had told him over the phone, this could be a strange case. He could see they had the underpass closed when he got there and one side taped off. There were Waco Police cars everywhere. He parked his car about a block away and got out. He looked around and saw Ranger James walking toward him. When she got to him, she said. “Just how I wanted to spend my Saturday.” Carter starts walking with her toward the crime scene. “I’m sorry. But Waco PD wants us to take this.” She looks over at him. “It's fine, Pops. I didn't have anything going today.” She gives him a strange look. “So Pops, you going with the scruffy look today?” Carter reaches up and touches his face and remembers that he didn't shave this morning. “Oh, I gave my face the day off.” She nods and smiles. “Oh, I got ya, Pops. So what do you know about this case? She asks. As they are walking up to the crime scene tape, Carter says. “Captain told me on the phone that it looks like strangulation, but with a sick twist.” They stop at the tape, and she looks at him. “What kind of sick twist?” The Waco Policeman at the tape sees their badges and lifts up the tape for them. They both duck under, and Carter then says. “He removed one of her eyes.” She stops and gives him a hard look. “He cut one of her eyes out?” Carter nods. “Yes.” She shakes her head. “So we are dealing with a sick fucker.” Carter looks over at her. “Yes, That's why they want to give it to us. We are the sick fucker experts.”
Carter sees a man walking toward them in plain clothes with a Waco Police Captain badge hanging from his shirt pocket. The man offers his hand to Carter. “I’m Captain Scott Barton.” Carter takes his hand, and they shake. “ I’m Texas Ranger Lieutenant John Carter, and this is Ranger Jessica James.” Barton looks over at James and shakes hands with her. “Thank you for coming. I called your Captain Morris because I think this murder is a little over our heads. If you take it, my department will give you anything you need.” Carter nods. “Thank you, Captain. We are here to help any way we can.”
About that time, another man walks up to them. Captain Barton turned to the man and then back to Carter. “Ranger Carter, this is Detective Jeff Neal, our lead homicide detective.” Carter and Neal shake hands. Barton then turns to Neal. “I was just telling Ranger Carter that we would turn this one over to them, and we would give them anything they needed.” Neal gets red in the face. Obviously upset. He pauses for a moment and gathers his thoughts, and then says to Barton. “Captain, with all due respect to the Rangers. This is our case, and we can handle it.” Barton gives Neal a hard look and says. “I’m sure you can, detective, but they have resources that we don’t. I think they should take the lead on this one.” Neal nods and steps back.
Carter turns to Barton. “Captain, we could use a liaison with the Waco P.D. If Detective Neal would be interested in that, we could use his expertise.” Barton nods. “Yes, of course.” Barton turns and looks at Neal. “Detective Neal, Consider yourself assigned to Ranger Carter, anything he needs.” Neal looks at Barton. “Yes sir, Captain,” he said. Barton then turns to Carter. “Well, I will leave it with you,” he said. “Thank you, Captain,” Carter says to Barton as he leaves.
Detective Neal then leads Carter and James over to the body. There is another Detective taking notes over the body as they walk up. “Peterson,” Neal says as the Detective turns to him. “This is Texas Rangers Carter and James, and they will be taking over this case. Give them everything we have.” Peterson frowns. “What the fuck? This is our case!” Neal shakes his head. “Not anymore, per Captain Barton.” Carter extends his hand to shake with Peterson. Peterson tears out a page from his notepad and hands it to Carter and walks off. Carter glances at the notes and puts them in his pocket.
Carter neals down next to the body and takes a good look, and says. “Looks like the cause of death will be strangulation. From the bruising, it looks like he hit her with a large right hand, finger marks to the left side of her neck, and crushing the windpipe with the thumb. It looks like she didn’t put up much of a fight. He caught her off guard and quickly overpowered her. It looks like from the bruising on her cheek and a busted lip. He slapped her a few times. No ID on her. She was probably carrying a purse and dropped it.
Carter stands up. James looks down at the body. “What about the eye? Pops. What kind of a sick oh does that?” Carter shakes his head. “I don’t know. Maybe some kind of eye fetish. But most of the time, they take both of them.”
Carter looks around. “This is just a dumpsite. We need to find the primary crime scene. That is most likely where she dropped her purse. She is dressed like she was going out. We need to check the local bars.” Carter turns to Neal. “Can your people work on that?” Neal pauses for a moment. “Yes, sir, we are on it.” Neal turns and leaves.
James looks over at Carter and sarcastically says. “He is a really friendly guy.” Carter nods. “Well, when you have a big case taken away from you, you kinda got to expect that. He will get over it.”
Carter looks over and sees the medical examiner walk up. “It's all yours, Doc,” Carter says. He then turns to James. “I hate to do this, but we need to get the rest of the team on this.” She nods. “I’m on it, Pops.” Carter looks back down at the body. “Good, I got a feeling we are going to need all the help we can get on this one.”

CHAPTER 4
About an hour later, Ranger’s Martin, Hooks, and North show up at the crime scene. Carter and James see them duck under the crime scene tape, and they walk toward them. “I’m sorry to get you in here on your day off, but we need everybody on this one,” Carter says. Martin looks at Carter. “It’s part of the job. What you got, Boss?” Carter turns to the medical examiner who is taking out the body on a gurney. He stops them and unzips the body bag. Hook’s eyes get big, and North says. “Wow.” Carter sips the bag back up, and they roll it away. Carter then says. “For now, we got a Jane Doe, death by strangulation and left eye removed. Looks like she was slapped around before. From the smell of alcohol on her and how she was dressed, we think she was out at one of the bars last night. We didn’t find any ID or a purse on her. We believe she was dumped here, and the primary crime scene is someplace around the bars. We need to split up and find the crime scene and her purse and ID her. The Waco PD is helping us with that. Martin, you get with Deticeve Neal. He is our man with the Waco PD. Hooks and North, you work your way south, and James and I will work north. Report back if you find anything.
They spit up, and Carter and James get in this car, and they drive north and stop at the first bar they come to. Carter looks over at James. “I guess this is as good as any place to start. They walk up to the door and try the door. It’s locked. Carter knocks. They hear a voice from the other side of the door. “We are closed.” The voice says. Carter knocks again and says. “Texas Rangers, open up.” A few moments later, they hear the door unlocking, and the door opens, and a tall man with back hair and a mustache says to them. “I’m Ron Culver. I’m the owner. How can I help you?” Carter shakes hands with him and says. “I’m Ranger Carter, and this is Ranger James. May we come in?” Culver steps back, and Carter and James enter. “Let’s go to my office,” Culver says.
They walk through the bar to a small office, and Culver sits down behind the desk, and Carter and James sit down in front of it. “What can I do for you?” Carter takes out his phone and pulls up a picture of Jane Doe, and shows it to Culver. “Was this woman in your bar last night?” Culver is taken back by the picture. “That is Linda Pike. She is one of my regulars. She comes in almost every Friday night and sometimes Saturday night. She was here last night with a group of her girlfriends.” Carter takes out his notepad and writes her name down. “Do you know who she was with?” Culver shakes his head, ``There were about five of them, one or two of them I had seen before, but don’t know their names.” Culver says. Carter nods and says. “Did you see them talking to any men?” Culver smiles. “Well, when five good-looking women come in here alone, they are going to attract men. But I was busy and didn’t notice anybody.” Carter writes in his notepad, “Do you have the video of last night?” Carter asks. “Culver nods and says. “Yes, we do.” Carter looks at him. “We are going to need that.” He says. Culver stands up. “I will get it for you.” Culver walks out and leaves the room.
Carter turns to James. “Let’s get everybody over here looking.” James stands up. “I’m on it, Pops.” They walk out into the main room. Culver walks up and says. “I’m burning the DVDs now.” Carter shakes his hand. “I will send somebody over to get them. Thank you.” Culver nods. “Anything I can do to help.”
They walk outside, and James gets on the radio in the car and gets everybody to come over to the bar. James gets out, and Carter says. “Let’s get started and take a look around while we are waiting.” They both look around. James says. “There is not much parking in front of the bar, she would have most likely had to park down the street a few blocks.” Carter looks around some more. “Your right. There is a parking lot this way.”
They get in the patrol car and slowly drive down the street looking around till they come to an alley. Carter pulls over and stops. “Let’s check this alley out.” They get out of the car and start walking down the alley. They see a tall skinny man with blonde hair standing at a dumpster looking through a purse. James yells at him. “Texas Rangers, stop right there.” The man looks up at them, gets a panic look on his face, and takes off running. “I got him, Pops,” James says as she takes off after him. Carter runs back and gets to the patrol car, and drives down the alley behind them. As Carter turns on the main street at the end of the alley, he can see the man running and James running behind him. He pulls out into the street and turns his light on.
The man is running fast, and James running in her cowboy boots is not gaining on him. When the man comes to the next alley, he looks back to see how close James is. When he does that, Carter pulls the patrol car into the alley he is crossing and in front of him. When he turns back around, he runs into the patrol car and over the hood onto the ground. Carter quickly gets out and says to the man. “Don’t get up.” The man struggles to get up on his knees. Carter takes his right boot and puts it on his back, and pushes him back down on the ground. “I said, don’t get up!” About that time, James runs up and reaches down and puts handcuffs on the man. “Are you hurt?” She asks. He gives her an angry look and says. “He hit me with that fucking car! Hell, ya, I’m hurt.” Carter picks up the purse he dropped and says. “I didn’t hit you with the car. You ran into the car. If you put a dent in it, I’m going to be pissed.” Carter looks through the purse, and James pulls the man to his feet. He looks at Carter. “I just found that. I didn’t do anything.” He says. Carter pulls a wallet out of the purse and looks at the driver’s license. He shows it to the man. “Do you know her?” The man looks at the license. “Hell no. I don’t know her. I just found the purse. Ya know finders keepers ya know.” He says. Carter puts the license back in the wallet and back in the purse. He looks at the man. “So did you kill her?” The man’s eyes get big. “Hell no! I didn’t kill her! I don’t even know the bitch. I just found it and was looking for some money.” he says. Carter looks at him. “Then why did you run?” he asks. The man lowers his head. “I have a record for theft. I knew you would think I stole it. I don’t want to go back to jail. I was scared. But I didn’t kill that bitch!” Carter looks at him for a moment and then says. “Ok, now I’m going to ask you an easy question. What is your name?” The man was silent for a moment and then said. “Do I have to tell you? Man, can you just let me go? I didn’t do anything.” Carter looks at him. “You were caught with a dead woman’s purse, and then you ran. So yes, I need your name. We can take your prints, and it’s going to tell us anyway. So cut the shit and tell me your name!” The man was silent for a moment and then said. “I’m Ronnie Dunlap, But I didn’t kill that woman.”
Carter turns to James. “Can you read, Mr. Dunlap, his rights and take him back to the station. We will talk to him some more down there.” After putting Dunlap in the car, James returns to Carter and says. “You know Pops. I would have caught him. You didn’t have to run him down with the car.” She says. Carter turns to her. “Sure you would have with those boots on, and I didn’t run him down with the car. He ran into the car.” She smiles big. “I’m just messing with you, Pops. So you think he did it?” Carter shakes his head. “No, He would not have killed her hours ago and just now returns to look for her purse. Just look how strung out he is. He was just looking for money to get a fix. But he might have seen something or knows something. We will squeeze him a little before we cut him loose.”
They drive back to the primary crime scene and look around some. About 10 minutes later, Rangers Martin, Hooks, and North show up along with Waco Detectives Neal and Peterson. “What do we got, boss?” Martin says as they walk up. Carter hands the purse to James and says. “We found our primary crime scene, found the victim’s purse. Her name was Linda Pike. She had been to the bar last night down the street. The owner is getting us the DVDs from last night. We picked up a suspect going through her purse. I don’t think he is our guy, but we are going to question him anyway. I want the three of you to go over this alley with a fine-tooth comb.” The three Rangers start moving down the alley. Carter turns to Neal and Peterson. “Do you think you can get both ends of this alley blocked off, please?” Neal and Peterson look at each other and then back at Carter. “Sure thing, Ranger Carter, we could be glad to.”
Detectives Neal and Peterson walk back to their car and get some crime scene tape and start putting it up across the alley. Peterson says to Neal. “This is fucked up! We are homicide detectives, not traffic cops. This should be our case!” Neal holds up his hands. “I know. I’m upset about it too. But what the fuck are we going to do? Captain Barton gave them the case. At least they let us work the case with them.” Peterson holds up a roll of crime scene tape. “You call this working the case with them? This is fucking bullshit.” Neal nods. “Yes, it's bullshit, but for now, we are going to have to put up with it.”
Carter and James get into their patrol car and drive back to the bar and pick up the DVDs from last night. James picks up her car, and they go back to F-Company headquarters and take Ronnie Dunlap inside. “Put him in an integration room,” Carter says. James leads him away. Carter sits the purse down and takes the wallet out, and walks over to Pam Carr’s desk. Pam is his tech person, and she can do anything with a computer. She looks up at him. “You got something for me, Lieutenant Carter?” “Yes.” He says as he takes her driver’s license out of the wallet and hands it to her. “This is our victim. I need to find everything we can about her, including next of kin. She looks at the license and takes the name down, and gives it back to him. “I will have something for you soon.” She says. “Thank you, Pam,” Carter says as he walks back to the table and puts the wallet back into the purse.
James walks back up to Carter. He looks up at her. “Get the purse book into evidence and then see if you can get anything else out of Dunlap and then cut him loose.” James picks up the purse. “Sure thing Pops.” Carter then walks back to his office, puts his cowboy hat on the rack, and sits down behind his desk. He sat there for a few minutes. He had a bad feeling about this case. He looked at his watch, and it was after 5 pm. They didn’t have much to go on. He didn’t think they would find anything else useful in the alley. He didn’t expect to get any more out of Dunlap. He needed to watch the bar DVD. That was his best bet of finding a lead. He turned to his computer, took the DVD out of his pocket, popped one into the computer, and started watching.
A little while later, James came walking into the office and sat down across from Carter. He pauses the computer, and she says to him. “Well, got nothing more out of Dunlap. I think you were right. He was just looking for money. I took him back to where we picked him up and dropped him off. Martin, Hooks, and North cleared the crime scene and didn’t find anything more. I talked to the medical examiner. He is not going to have anything on the autopsy till sometime Monday. So we have scored a big nothing. Unless you found something on the DVD?” Carter sits back in his chair. “Well, there is not much on here. You see her come in and leave, but her table was across the floor from the camera. She was with several other girls, and we need to track them down.” He looks up at her. “It’s late. You and the other should get out of here. We will take this up later.” She closes her notepad up. The phone rings, and Carter picks it up. “Carter. Ok, thank you.” He says. He hangs the phone up. He looks up at James. “Waco Police found her father. He is here in the conference room.” James looks back at him, “You want me to talk to him?” Carter shakes his head and stands up. “No, I will take care of it. You go home.”
Carter walks out of the office and down to the conference room. Looking through the window, he can see a man sitting at the table. He pauses for a moment. This is the part of the job that he hates, talking to loved ones of people that have died. Some like Linda Pike that died brutally. He always struggled with what to say. But no matter what he says, it won’t take their pain away. It won’t make them feel any better. He opens the door and walks in. “Mr. Pike,” Carter says, offering him his hand to shake. Pike stands up and takes his hand. “I’m Texas Ranger Lieutenant John Carter. I’m so sorry for your loss. Please have a seat.” Pike sits down at the end of the table, and Carter sits down just to his right. Pike looks Carter in the eye. His eyes are red from crying. “What happened to my little girl? And have you caught the son of a bitch? Pike asks. Carter pauses, not wanting to add to his pain by giving him gory details. Carter then says. “Your daughter was killed last night as she walked to her car after leaving a bar. She was there with some of her friends. We are in the process of talking to her friends and reviewing the video from the bar. We are in the very early stages of our investigation. I can assure you that the Rangers, along with Waco Police, are doing everything we can to find the person that did this to her.” Pike nods. “Do you know anything you can tell me?” Carter sits back in his chair. “I have told you all I know as of right now.” Carter reaches in his pocket and pulls out one of his cards, and gives it to Pike. Feel free to call me anytime, and I will let you know whenever I know more.
Carter and Pike stand up and shake hands again. “Thank you,” Pike says as he turns to leave, he stops at the door and turns back to Carter. “Is it true that he cut out one of her eyes?” Carter pauses. He had wanted to spare him this detail right now. “Yes, sir, he did,” Carter says. Pike’s eyes fill with anger. “What kind of sick bastard does that?” Carter looks aways and then back at Pike. “I don’t know, sir. But I’m going to find the son of a bitch.” As Pike turns to leave, he says. “When you do. You put that bastard down!”

CHAPTER 5
Detectives Neal and Detective Peterson had dropped by the precinct they worked at and did a little paperwork on what they had done today. Mostly just bullshit stuff like babysitting a crime scene. Peterson looks over at Neal and says. “I can’t believe we gave up a Saturday to come in here, just to have the Captain turn it over to the Rangers. What the fuck did he need us for?” Neal puts his pin down and closes a file, and says. “I know. I’m upset about it too.”
Neal stands up and throws an empty coffee cup in the trash. “Let's get out of here.” He says. Peterson looks up at him. “And do what? My wife and family are gone! I’m going back to that motel room till I can get back into the house.” Neal angrily turns to Peterson. “Look, Roy, Your damn lucky Jane didn’t file charges, or you would be on suspension right now. I will check with Jane tomorrow, and maybe we can get you back in the house. But until then. You just need to chill.” Peterson stands up. “I know, Jeff. Let’s go.”
They go down and get into Neal’s car and drive over to Peterson’s motel. He pulls up outside the room. Neal looks over at Peterson. “Are you going to be ok, Roy?” Peterson shakes his head. “Ya, I’m ok. I’m just going to get drunk and chill.” “Ok,” Neal says. “I will talk to Jane in the morning, and if all is clear, We will get you back in the house.” Peterson nods. “Thanks, Jeff.” He says as he gets out of the car.
*
John Carter pulls up in the driveway at the house. It's been an interesting Saturday. He gets out and walks to the door. Tom’s truck is parked out on the street. It has some cages in the back. He stops and looks. I wonder what the cages are for. Then he said to himself, after the day I have had. I don’t want to know.
He walks into the house, hangs his stetson cowboy hat on the rack in the hall, and goes into the living room. Carolyn and Becky and sitting on the couch watching TV and looking at college brochures. Carolyn smiles and says. Hey, dinner will be ready soon.” Carter smiles back and bends down and kisses Carolyn and then reaches over and kisses Becky on the forehead. “Hey, Daddy.” She said.
Carter sits down in his reclining chair, and Carolyn says to him. “Don’t get too comfortable, and you need to talk to your son.” Carter rolls his eyes. “Why is he always my son when somebody needs to talk to him?” Carolyn smiles and looks over at him. “Trust me. This is more a Texas Ranger Dad job.” Carter reaches up and rubs his head. “I can feel a headache coming on.” he stands back up as Carolyn says. “Tom and Michael are outback.” She says as Carter walks through the house to the backyard. Michael was his 15-year-old nephew, His Brother Brian’s son.
He stepped out on the back porch and saw the boys standing in the yard facing each other, and each of them was holding a black rooster. They looked up at him. Michael says. “Hey, Uncle John.” Tom holds up his rooster. “Look, Dad, this is Caesar, and that is Brutus.” Pointing to Michael’s rooster. “They are fighting gamecocks. We are going to make a ton of money fighting roosters.”
Tom and Michael put their rooster’s down, and they start going after each other. “Look at them go,” Michael shouts. Carter comes down off the porch and says to them. “Pick them up.” Tom and Michael each pick up Caesar and Brutus. Carter walks up to them and says. “You know that cockfighting is illegal in the State of Texas?” Tom looks over at Michael, and Michael looks back at Tom, and they both look back at Carter, and Tom says. “No, Dad, we didn’t know that.” Carter just looked at the boys for a moment and then said. “So you just thought it was ok, for people to bet money on two roosters fighting each other till one kills the other.?” The boys look at each other again. Then Tom says. “We thought it was like boxing. The loser dies?” Carter shakes his head. “Yes, the loser dies.” Michael then speaks up. “We didn’t know that.” Carter lowers his head and shakes it and tries not to laugh and says. “Did either of you think about how it would look? (looking at Tom) Your Dad is a Texas Ranger, or you. (looking at Michael) your Dad is the Pastor of a Church. To illegally be fighting Gamecocks?” Tom pauses for a moment and then says. “We will take them out to Granddad’s place. Nobody will see them out there.” Carter puts his hands to his head. He was sure to get that headache now. He looks back at Tom. “No, you are going to take them back to where you got them. Who did you buy them from?” He asks. Tom pets Caesar. “We bought them from Bo Brady.” Carter can’t help but smile. He should have known that Bo would be involved. He then says. “Ok, put them back in their cages and feed and water them and first thing after church tomorrow, you are taking them back to Bo.” Tom nods. “Ok, Dad, but we could have made a lot of money for college.” Carter turns and starts back up on the porch and says. “I’m good with you making a lot of money for college, just legally.”
When Carter walks back into the house, he finds Carolyn and Becky have been looking out the window watching him. He looks at them. “Did the two of you enjoy the show?” Becky looks over at him. “Ya, we thought your head was going to explode, Dad.” Carter walks over to Carolyn and says. “You know you could have handled that.” She looks at him and says. “I know, but it was fun watching you do it.” Becky walks past him and says. “I’m going to say goodby to Caesar and Brutus.”
Carter grabs a soda out of the refrigerator, walks back into the living room, and sits down in his recliner. He opens his bottle of soda and takes a long drink. Nothing like that first drink of ice-cold soda to get him in a better mood.
*
Roy Peterson watched from down the street as his wife Jane and her brother loaded up box after box of stuff from his house. His anger grew with every box they put in the truck. What were they taking? How much of his stuff was she taking?
Roy was startled when the passenger side door opened, and he looked over to see Jeff Neal get in. “Just what the fuck do you think you are doing, Roy?” Peterson gives him an annoyed look and says. “I’m just trying to see. What the fuck are they taking.” Peterson shakes his head. “Didn’t I tell you to stay away from here?” Peterson frowns. “I’m not hurting anything. They don’t even know I’m here.” Neal smiles and says. “Then why did she call me and tell me you were down the street?” Peterson gives him an angry look but doesn’t say anything. “Roy, you have to stay away. She says she will be out tonight. You can get back into the house in the morning. I will meet you here in the morning and help you clean up. I know how you feel, Roy. Jennifer left me, and I was good to her. Just one day, she says she wants to leave. No explanation, not anything. It hurt me. You know that. But I got through it, and you will get through this too.” Neal said. Roy looks over at Neal. “I know Jeff, but she just pisses me off.” Neal put his hand on Roy’s shoulder. “I understand, Roy, but you can’t be here. Go back to the motel.” Neal said.
Neal gets out of the car, and Peterson drives away. Neal watches for a moment and then walks down to the Peterson house. Jane comes out of the garage with a box and puts it in the back of the truck in the driveway. She turns to Neal. “Is he gone?” She asks. “Yes,” Neal says. “He told me he would stay away until you were out.” She looks over at the loaded truck. “That’s the last of the stuff I’m taking. He can move back in now.”
They both walk back into the garage. She looks over at a room that has been built in the garage. “That’s Roy’s home office. I didn’t touch anything in there, and I left all his stuff in the bedroom and the couch. He shouldn’t be upset about anything I took.” Neal nods. “Yes, he was worried about you taking his stuff.” She turns back to him and says. “No reason for him to be worried. I only took what was mine.” Neal nods. “How are you holding up?” he asks. “I’m doing ok if he will just not act crazy. Thank you for looking out for him.” She says. “Your welcome.” He says. “Thank you for letting me handle it,” Neal says as he leaves the garage.
*
Carter felt a hand on his shoulder, and he opened up his eyes and looked up from his recliner to see Carolyn looking down at him. “I’m headed to bed. Are you coming, or are you sleeping in your chair?” He gives her a groggy look for a moment and then says. “I’m coming.” He stands up and looks at the TV that had been turned off. He had been watching the Baylor Bears football game. I wonder who won? Oh well, I will find out in the morning. He walks down the hall to make sure the front door is locked. He notices that the light is on in Tom’s room. He knocks and opens the door, and enters. Tom is sitting up on his bed with his laptop over his lap. “Hey, Dad.” He says. Carter pulls the computer chair over near the bed and sits down. Tom looks over at his Dad and says. “How about that game, Dad?” Carter smiles. “Ya, great game.” Tom gives him a stern look and smiles. “Dad, we both know you were in snoozeville.” Carter laughs. Well, maybe I dozed off.” Tom’s eyes get big. “Dozed off. You were mayor of snoozeville.” Carter throws his hand in the air and smiles. “Ok, I was sleeping.” They both laugh.
Carter then asks. “Did you get your roosters taken care of?” Tom looks over at him. “Ya, Dad. I put them in their cages on the far side of the porch, where nobody will see them. I’m sorry, Dad. I didn’t know it was illegal to fight them.” Carter nods. “It’s ok. Not illegal to own them, just to fight them. He says. Tom looks over at him. “We will take them back tomorrow.” Carter stands up. “Good.” He says.” You know It's a good idea to make money for college. Let’s just talk about it first.” Tom smiles. “Ok, Dad.”
Carter turns to leave and then stops and turns back to Tom. “Spring break is coming up soon.?” Tom nods. “Yes.” He says. Carter pauses for a moment. “Why don't you come to work down in the office with me that week and maybe some after school. I interned with my Papaw the summer before I went to college. Maybe you can get a feel if you want to do this kind of work or not.” Tom looks up at him. “Well, Dad, every male member of our family for at least the last 150 years or so has been in some form of law enforcement, so no pressure there, Dad.” Carter smiles. “Probably more years than that. But you can do whatever you want to do, and you will be great at it.” Tom looks up at him. “Well, Becky wants to be a lawyer, so I can't let her show me up like that. So I will give it a try. Besides, I can work with that hot Jessica James.” Carter starts toward the door and says. “Well, that's one way to look at it. I will bet things worked out. Good night son.” he says. “Good night Dad.”

CHAPTER 6
The next morning, John gets up and goes into the restroom, and takes a shower. When he gets out, she shaves and brushes his teeth. When he comes back into the bedroom, he finds Carolyn is gone. He throws a pair of shorts and a shirt on and comes through the house. He finds Carolyn in the kitchen cooking. “Smells good.” He says. She looks over at him. “Call the kids.” She says. He looks back at her. “Aren’t they 18 now. Shouldn’t they be able to get themselves up on Sunday morning?” She gives him a stern look again. “You are really, asking for it this morning. Can you just do it, please?”
Carter turns and walks to Tom’s room and knocks and sticks his head in. “Tom, you need to get up and get ready for church.” Tom is lying in his bed, completely covered up. He sees movement from under the covers, and a hand comes out, and he gives him a thumb up sign. “Your Mom has got breakfast ready, so get a move on,” Carter says as he closes the door. He then moves across the hall to Becky’s room. He knocks on the door but doesn’t open it. He hears Becky say. “Yes.” From the other side of the door. “Breakfast is ready.” He speaks through the door. “Ok, Daddy, I’m coming.”
Carter walks back to the kitchen and sits down at the dining table, and Carolyn sits a plate of food down in front of him. “I have to go get dressed. You all go ahead and eat.” She says as she walks toward the bedroom. About that time, Tom comes walking through and goes in the kitchen and makes him a plate and comes and sits down at the table. “Morning, Dad.” He says as he picks up a piece of bacon and starts to eat. “Can we say grace first,” Carter says. Tom closes his mouth and puts the bacon down. “Sorry, Dad,” he says. Carter looks toward the bedrooms and says. “Is Becky coming?” Tom shrugs his shoulders and says. “How should I know? I know I’m hungry.” “Ok,” Carter says as he bows his head. “Heavenly Father, please bless this food to the nourishment of our bodies, lead, guide, and look over us. These are the blessings we ask through Christ, amen.”
Tom picks the bacon back up and takes a bite. As they start eating, Becky walks in with two dresses and holds them up. “Which dress should I wear, Daddy?” Carter looks over both dresses and points to the blue one. “I like that one,” he says. Becky looks at him. “That one makes me look, fat Daddy.” Tom laughs. “They both make you look fat,” Tom says as he takes another bite of bacon. Becky turns and storms off, saying. “You are both no help!” Carter looks her way and says. “They will both look good. Come eat breakfast.” She shouts back. “I’m never eating again.” Tom smiles big as Carter looks at him. “That’s not funny, Tom!” Tom shakes his head. “Oh ya, it is, Dad.”
A few minutes later, Carolyn comes walking back in and over to the table. Carter looks at her and says. “You look, nice babe.” She gives him a look again. “Nice! That’s the best you can do is nice?” she says. Carter gives her a surprised look and opens his mouth to say something, and Tom jumps in and says. “Dad, don’t say anymore.” Tom turns to his Mom and says. “My client is going to exercise his right to remain silent. He will have no father comment.” Carolyn rolls her eyes and turns and walks back out.
Tom gets up, moves to the chair closer to his Dad, sits down and puts his hand on his shoulder. “ Dad, I think the word she was looking for was awesome. Telling her, she looked nice is just not going to cut it. You really put your foot in your mouth.” Carter stands up. “Well, I will try to do better next time. I got to go get dressed, and so do you.” Tom stands up, and they start walking toward their rooms. Tom looks over at him and says. “I’m here for you if you ever need any advice.” Carter looks over at him and tries to keep a straight face as he says. “Thank you, son.”
*
(Peterson House 9 am)
Jeff Neal pulled up in front of Roy Peterson’s house. He killed the engine and sat in the car. Roy was meeting him here this morning. Jane had moved her stuff out last night. He wanted to be here when Roy came home. He didn’t know how he would react to coming home and finding a lot of stuff gone. He knew when Jennifer had left him. It had been a very emotional time for him.
After waiting about 10 minutes, he saw Roy’s van pull up and park in the driveway. Neal got out of his car and walked over, and met Peterson in the yard. “How are you doing, Roy?” Neal asks. Roy shakes his head. “How the fuck do you think I’m doing, Jeff.” Neal pauses for a moment. Not sure how to respond to that. “It’s going to be ok, Roy. Let’s go inside.” Peterson reaches in his pocket for his key as they walk toward the door. He unlocks the door, and they go inside. Neal notices that most of the furniture is still there, but a lot of stuff is missing. Most notable is the television. Roy stands there in the living room and looks around. He looks down at a small lamp that is sitting on the table. Roy picks it up and pulls the cord unplugging it. He looks at the lamp and then turns and looks at Neal and says. “She leaves me this fucking lamp. I hate this fucking lamp. She knows I hate this fucking lamp. But she leaves it anyway.” He raises the lamp over his head and throws it at the place where the TV was and shouts. “But she takes the fucking TV!” The lamp hits the wall and breaks into pieces.
Neal turns to Peterson. “Calm down Roy. Do you think you're the first man to be fucked over by a woman? I can tell you. Your not, and when you put your hands on her. You kinda have it coming.” Peterson gives him an angry look and says. “You think I deserve this? Who’s side are you on?” Neal walks over to him and looks at him. “I’m not on anybody’s side. I’m just trying to help you.”
Peterson walks to the kitchen and opens the refrigerator. “She took all the fucking beer! She doesn’t even drink it. She just did it to piss me off.” He walks over and opens the cabinet. “She took all the booze. I hate this bitch!” Peterson turns and walks to the bedroom, and Neal follows. They are both shocked to find the bed gone. Peterson turns to Neal. “She took to fucking bed!” he said. Peterson looks and sees his gun safe. He walks over, turns the knob, works the safe, and then pulls the lever and opens it. He turns back to Neal. “Well, my guns are still here. Do you know why?” Peterson asks. Neal looks at him. “No, Roy. Why?” Petersons face turns red, and he shouts. “Because she doesn’t know the fucking combination! I’m surprised she didn’t take the whole fucking safe!”
They stand there in silence for a few moments, and then Neal says. “Ok, Roy, You’re going to get through this. I got through it, and you will too.” Peterson reaches inside the safe. He takes something out and turns around to Neal. Neal is relieved to see Roy holding a bottle of Jack Danials. “Well, until then, I think I need a drink,” Peterson said.
Neal follows Peterson back into the kitchen and gets a glass. He looks over at Neal. “Will you join me?” He asks. Neal shakes his head. “No thank you, Roy.” They sit down at the kitchen table, and Peterson pours him a double and takes a drink. “Ya, that will do the trick. He says. Neal looks over at him. “It’s a little early in the day for that, Roy.” Peterson shakes his head. “Oh, it’s never too early,” he says.
They sit in silence while Peterson finishes his drink and pours himself another. Neal looks over at Peterson and says. “Why don’t you take some time off work, Roy. You have some time built up. Take it, relax, and get your head on straight. Carter’s not going to let us do anything important. We are going to get all the shit work.” Peterson takes another drink. “I will think about it. Jill and I had planned to take a trip to New Orleans. Guess that’s not going to fucking happen.” He takes another drink. “I hate that bitch.”
*
John Carter and his family Carolyn and Tom, and Becky pulled up in front of the church. They were early. Sunday school would not start for another 15 minutes. They got out and started walking toward the fellowship hall. Carter turns to Carolyn and says. “I think I’m going to go have coffee with Brian.” Carolyn nods. “Ok, we will meet you in the sanctuary for service.” Carter breaks off and starts toward the sanctuary when he notices Tom walking behind him. He stops. “Where do you think you’re going?” Tom gives him a surprised look. “To have coffee with Uncle Brian.” “No,” Carter says. “You need to be in your class.” Tom turns and starts walking toward his Mother and Becky.
Carter walks through the sanctuary to Brian’s office. He knocks on the door. He hears Brian’s voice say, “Come in.” from the other side of the door. He opens the door and goes inside. Brian looks up and smiles. “Morning, Brother.” He says, sitting back in his chair behind his desk. “Hey, Brother,” Carter says as he pours himself a cup of coffee and sits down across from Brian.
Brian looks at John and smiles. “I hear the boys were going into the Cockfighting business?” Carter takes a sip of his coffee and says. “Yes, They bought two roosters named Caesar and Brutus. They were going to make a ton of money fighting them.” Brian can’t help but laugh. “I’m assuming you talked to them and took care of this?” Brain said. Carter takes another sip of coffee. “Yes, they are taking them back to Bo Brady after church.” “Good, Why am I not surprised that Bo was involved.” Brain said. Carter nods. “Ya, I know. Bo has his finger in a lot of pie’s,” he said.
They sat there drinking coffee for a few moments when Brian said. “You do have to admire their ingenuity. Remember when we were going into the rabbit business?” Carter smiles. “Ya, I remember that. I also remember us fertilizing Mom’s roses with rabbit manure.” They both laugh hard, and Brian then said. “Ya we killed the rose bushes, but the grass was green on that side of the house for years.”
They both share a long laugh. Then Brian gets serious and says. “I hear you are working on a new murder case?” Carter nods. “Yes, I hope we can pick up some leads on it this week,” Carter says, not really wanting to get into detail. Brian sits back in his chair and says. “I hope it comes together for you quickly. Don’t let it consume you,” he said. Carter takes a long sip of coffee. “Don’t worry, Brother, I have it under control.” He says. Brian looks across at John. “I know you do. But you know I’m always here for you if you need me.” Carter smiles. “I know little Brother. Thank you.” They each take their last drink of coffee, and Brian stands up and says. “Let’s go shake a few hands before service.” Carter stands up, and they walk out into the sanctuary.
*
He walked out of the house into the yard and picked up the Sunday paper. He looked around. It was a quiet morning. He put the paper under his arm and walked back into the house. He went into his office, laid the paper on his desk, and then went to the kitchen and got him a coffee cup. He looked around the kitchen. It was a mess. He needed to do some cleaning up. But why? Nobody was ever going to see it. So what the fuck did he care.
He walked back into his office and sat down at the desk. He picked up the newspaper and unwrapped it. He scanned the front page and found nothing. I looked through the 2nd page and also found nothing, 3rd nothing. Then on the 4th page, he found a small article that the headlined read. An unidentified woman was found dead along the I-35 construction area. A three-paragraph story followed it.
He felt his anger build. Really, that was it. No details. Who wrote this piece of crap? He looked at the by line. Ann Harper was her name. This bitch probably didn’t even go to the crime scene. Didn’t talk to any police or Rangers. How could anybody be this bad at their job?
He laid the paper out on his desk. He reached in the desk drawer and pulled out some scissors, and cut out the article. He then opened up a notebook to the first page and taped the cut-out to the page.
He reached up to the shelf above the desk and grabbed the small jar down, and held it in his hand for a moment. He shook the jar that was filled with formaldehyde until he could see the eyeball of Linda Pike. He then said. “You won’t be alone for long, and then maybe they will show me some fucking respect!”

CHAPTER 7
(Sunday night)
He sat in his chair and worked his knife back and forth on his wet rock. He turned the knife over and felt the blade with his thumb. That’s good, he thought. It’s as sharp as a razor, just like he wanted it. He closed the knife and put it in the holster on his belt. He looked at the time. Almost midnight time to go.
He had searched her name on his computer and found her address. It was almost too easy. He folded up the paper he had written the address on and put it in his pocket. He stood up. He was dressed in all black. He walked over and took his shoulder holster off the peg on the wall and put it on. He then put a black hooded jacket on to cover it up. He picked up a black mask that would cover everything but his eyes and put it in his pocket to put on later. He already had a pair of gloves in his pocket. He had everything he would need. He turned to leave and saw a piece of cord rope about 4 feet long. This might come in handy. He rolled it up tight and put it under his belt, so he could quickly get to it.
He opened the front door and stepped outside. It was a cool night, not much going on. He walked down to the van and got in, started the engine and headed down the street, and typed the address into his phone. It gave him directions over to her place. She lived outside of town and didn’t have any close neighbors. He drove past the house one time and looked and didn’t see any lights. Then he drove back and cut his headlights and turned into the driveway, and stopped. There were two cars in the driveway. He thought she was single and lived alone. This might be a problem, but it was too late to turn back now.
He got out of the car and quietly closed the door. He pulled back his hoodie and pulled the mask out of his pocket and pulled it over his head, and adjusted it, so only his eyes showed. He then pulled his hoodie back up, took the gloves out of his pocket, and put them on. He slowly walked up to the door, took out his lock picking tools, and worked on the door until it opened. He quietly stepped inside the dark house. He could see the light coming from the back part of the house. He walked toward the light, looking around a corner, he saw a figure of a woman he believed was Ann Harper in the kitchen area of the house. He took out his gun and slowly walked toward her. He stopped when she started walking toward him.
When she saw him, she put her hands to her mouth and let out a scream. He pointed the gun at her. “Be quiet!” he said. She screamed again. He quickly moved closer and hit her with his gun, and she fell to the floor. He then heard another sound and looked to see a man dressed only in a pair of shorts come running through the door. “Ann, what’s wrong?” the man said as he ran into the room. He turned his gun and fired, hitting the man in the chest and knocking him to the floor. The man then looks down at Ann Harper lying on the floor, crying and holding her head. “Look what you made me do!” He yells.
He walks over to the man on the floor and looks down at him. The man is gasping for breath. “Your bleeding into your lungs. You are drowning in your own blood. You will be dead in a few minutes. Do you want me to help you?” He asks. The man looks up at him, gasping with total fear in his eyes. He takes his gun and points it at the man’s chest, and fires another round. He falls back dead. He looks down at the dead man and says. “Your welcome.”
He then turns his attention back to Ann Harper, who gets up and starts running for the door. He cuts her off, grabbing her by the hair of her head and pulls her back, and slaps her hard across the face, and she falls back to the floor. He pulls her to her feet. “What do you want? Please don’t hurt me.” she cries. He grabs her by the throat and forces her to look him in the eyes. “What I want.” He says. “Was for you go give me some fucking respect.” Her eyes get big as he squeezes her throat tighter. “I don’t know what you mean?” She says. His anger grows as he throws her down to the floor. He looks down at her. “Three paragraphs! That’s all you could fucking write?”
He kneels down on the floor next to her and takes the cord rope out of his belt. He quickly wraps it around her neck and pulls her to a sitting position. He leans down and pulls up on the rope looking her right in the eyes. She tries to cry but can’t make any sound. He pulls the rope tighter as he looks her in the eyes, he shouts. “Show me some respect bitch!” he keeps pulling the rope tighter and looking in her eyes until he sees the life leave her body.
When he is sure she is dead, he loosens off the rope and lowers her to the floor. He pulls his rope free, stands over her, and slowly rolls his rope back up and puts it back under his belt. He gets this enormous rush of power and satisfaction. He takes out his knife and bends down and cuts out and removes her left eye and puts it in a handkerchief and gently puts it in his pocket,
He reaches down and picks her up off the floor, and lifts her over his shoulder. As he starts walking, as he leaves the room and enters the hallway, he hears a noise and turns to look and sees a child about six years old standing at the other end of the hall. She looks at him. He can tell she is terrified. They make eye contact for a long moment. Then he says. “Go back to bed.” She turns and runs down the hall and enters a room on the other end.
He opens the front door and steps out. Looking around, nobody is in sight, so he carries her out to the van and opens the side door, and places her inside. Closing the door, he walks around and opens the driver’s door, and gets inside. He throws the hoodie back and pulls the mask off. He sits there for a moment enjoying the feeling.
He starts the van and puts it in gear, and heads out. It only takes about 20 minutes to get to the sight he had planned to dump her. He pulls into the parking lot. It’s almost 3 am so there is nobody around. He stops and puts the mask back on. There may be cameras here. He pulls his hoodie back up, gets out, goes around, opens the side door, and takes her out. Lifting her over his shoulder. He walks over the grass to the sign and sits her down, and props her up. He turns and quickly walks away. When he gets back to the van, he turns and looks back. He can see her sitting under the big sign that says. McLane Stadium, Baylor Bears. He takes a long look. This should get more than three paragraphs and some respect.
*
Texas Ranger John Carter arrived at Ranger F Company headquarters early Monday morning. He was one of the first to arrive. He walks through the section of the building that was used by his Homicide task force. There were a few cleaning people, but he was the first Ranger to arrive. He entered his office and took off his cowboy hat and placed it on the hat rack on the wall. He then walked over to the coffee pot and made a pot. He poured himself a cup and sat down at his desk, and took a sip. Yes, this coffee is good, he thought. Nancy Hall, his former secretary, back in Limestone County. He loved her, but she couldn’t make a decent cup of coffee. Bless her heart. He missed her.
He pulled out and looked over the file they had so far on the Linda Pike murder. Not a lot to go on. The killer followed her, leaving the bar and killed her in an alley. They were still going over the video from the bar. There was one man that talked to her, and she blew him off. They were trying to find out who he was. It was going to be a busy day.
He looked up to see Ranger Jessia James walk in and over to the coffee pot. “Morning, Pops.” She said as she poured herself and cup. “Morning Jess, how was your weekend?” She sits down in the chair across from him and says. “Well, let’s see. I went to church, and then I sat around and ate pizza and drank soda and watched football.” He looked up from the file. “Ya, I did the same thing.” She frowns. “Oh my gosh. I’m living the life of a middle-aged old man!” He gives her a strange look. She smiles and says. “No offense Pops. My personal life is just pathetic.” He smiles and laughs at her.
They look up to see Ranger Barry Martin walk in. “Morning Berry,” Carter said. Martin looks at Carter. “Morning Boss, We have another murder.” Carter stands up. “What do you got? He asks. “Security guards found an undefined female dead at the front gate of McLane Stadium, They called Waco PD, and they responded and called us.” Carter looks at James and then back at Martin. “McLane Stadium. Same MO?” Martin shakes his head. “Yes, a missing left eye,” he says. Carter walks over, gets his cowboy hat off the rack, puts it on, and turns back to Martin and James. “McLane Stadium, the press will be all over this one. Let’s get everybody down there.
They are joined by Rangers David Hooks and Steven North and then drive to the McLane Stadium crime scene. As they get out of their cars, reporters start running toward them. A female reporter puts a microphone in Carter’s face and says. “Waco Police say that the Rangers are in charge of this case. Is this the work of a serial killer?” Carter turns and walks away from her. “I don’t have any comment at this time.” He says. She follows him and asks. “We were told this was the 2nd murder?” Carter stops and turns to her. “Like I said. I don’t have any comments at this time.”
Carter starts walking again, followed by his team and a group of reporters. When they get to the crime scene tape, they find Waco Police Detectives Jeff Neal and Roy Peterson waiting for them. They hold up the tape for them to duck under. Neal turns to Carter and says. “We just secured the crime scene and put the tape up. Nothing else has been touched.” “Thank you,” Carter says, walking away. Peterson then shouts. “We will keep guard on the tape. That’s what us homicide detectives do best!”
Carter stops and turns around, and walks back to Neal and Peterson. He stops and looks at both of them and says. “I understand your upset over us taking over this case. But I need you to lose the attitude. I’m not going to put up with this petty shit. So either get on the team, or I will call your Captain and tell him I can’t use you. Understood?” Neal and Peterson look at each other and then back at Carter. They both nod. “Yes sir,” Neal says. “Good,” Carter says, walking away.
When Carter got to the body, Ranger Martin took pictures, and James was kneeling beside the body. Rangers Hooks and North were looking around the area. Carter kneels beside James. “Any ID on the body?” Carter asks. “Nothing on the body and haven’t found anything in the area yet. She has pajamas on. She was dressed for bed. I’m betting she was killed at home and dumped here. Not likely to find any ID.” James said. Carter looks closer at her neck. “She was strangled, But I think a rope was used. I can see some rope burn.
James turns to Carter. “This one is not anything like the first murder. If it was not for the removed eye. I would think it was not the same guy. Why such a big change?” Carter keeps closely looking at the body and says. “I don’t know. That’s weird,” James takes a small handheld scanner out of her bag and picks up the victim’s hand and puts her thumb on the screen, and scans it. “If she is in our system, this should tell us who she is.” She says.
Carter knelt back down and took another look at the body. She had a cut on the left side of her head. Most likely from a blow from some sort of heavy object. He looked at her hands, no cuts or bruises. He hit her hard enough she was unable to fight back.
He stood up and walked over to Ranger Martin. “You find anything?” He asks. Martin looks at him and says. “No, Nothing.” Carter looks around. “There have to be cameras covering this building. One of them had to catch something.” Carter said. Martin nods. “I will see what I can find out. Boss,” he said.
James walks up. “I have got an ID on our victim. She is Ann Harper. She works at the Waco Tribune-Herald.” Carter pulls his rubber gloves off and says. “Well, that will get the press worked up even more. Do you have an address on her?” James nods. “Yes, I got one.” Carter walks past her. “Good, That’s most likely our primary crime scene.
Carter walks up to Martin. “You, Hooks, and North wrap it up here. James and I are headed over to her place.” He says. As he and James walk to the car, Carter looks over at her. “Jess, I got a real bad feeling about this case.” She looks back. “Ya, I know, So do I, Pops.”

CHAPTER 8
Carter and James quickly drove over to Ann Harper’s house as they park in front of the house and get out. Carter looks around and says. “Two cars parked in the driveway.” James walks around the car to where Carter is standing. “So there should be somebody home.” She said.
They walk up to the front door and Cater knocks, and the door pushes open. They look at each other and draw their weapons. “I think we have probable cause to enter,” Carter says as they come through the door. “Texas Rangers,” Carter shouts. They move slowly down a hall with guns drawn. Carter looks through a door into another room. He sees the body of a male lying on the floor. He looks over his shoulder at James. “I got a body.” He says. Moving into the room, Carter stops at the body and kneels down. James Looks around in the room. “He has been dead several hours, one shot in the chest and one from close range to the head,” Carter said. James turns to Carter from across the room. “I have a small amount of blood on the floor over here.” She says.
Carter stands up and walks across the room to where she is, and looks at the blood on the floor. “This is where he confronted her and hit her across the head, probably with his gun. Knocking her to the floor. That would account for the blood here and the cut on her head. Our 2nd victim here heard something and came in here and was shot, our killer then walked over to him and shot him again, then came back and took his time killing her.” There was a long moment of silence, then James asked. “Why would he shoot him and strangle her with a rope?” Carter turns to her. “He was collateral damage. He just happened to walk in on him, and he shot him. She was the target. Strangling her is what gets him off.”
Carter pulls out his phone. “I’m going to call this in. Check out the rest of the house.” James nods and leaves the room walking through the house, and notices a little girl’s room. Stepping inside, she looks around. Where was the little girl? She asks herself. She then hears a noise coming from the closet. She quietly walks over to the closet and draws her gun, and gets it ready. She puts her hand on the doorknob and opens the door, and looks inside. She sees a young blonde-headed girl about six years old looking back at her shaking with fear. She quickly puts her gun away and says. “Hey sweetheart, come here.” The girl just looks at her and shakes. James takes a step back and turns. “Hey Pops, Get in here.” James then kneels in the doorway of the closet and looks back at the girl. “My name is Jess. What’s yours?” The little girl says nothing. Carter then walked into the room. “What you got, Jess.?” She motions for him to look in the closet. He leans over and looks in, and sees the girl. James then points to her Ranger badge on her white shirt. “Look here. I’m a Texas Ranger. I’m here to help you. I need you to come to me.” The little girl moves quickly and puts her arms around James’s neck, and she picks her up and holds her while the little girl cries. They sit down on the bed. Carter takes his phone out. “I will call child services and an ambulance.” He steps out of the room to make the call.
James puts her arm around the little girl. “What’s your name, sweetheart?” the little girl looks up at her and, as tears run down her cheek, says. “Samantha Harper.” James smiles at her. “Nice to meet you, Samantha. My name is Jessica, but most people call me Jess. Are you hurting anyplace, Samantha?” James asks. Samantha shakes her head no. James smiled. “That’s good. Some people will be here in a few minutes to check you out and make sure you are ok.” Samantha looks up at her and says. “Please don’t leave me.” James pulls her close and wipes away tears, and says. “I’m not going to leave you.”
James held Samantha while she cried. Samantha looked up at her and asked. “Is my Mommy ok? Where is she?” James’s heart sank. Not knowing what to say. She didn’t want to add to the little girl’s pain. About that time, Carter walks back into the room, followed by two paramedics. James looks at Samantha and points to the paramedics. “These people are going to look you over and make sure you are ok. I’m going to be just in the other room. I’m not leaving you.” Samantha nods, and James stands up and lets the paramedics do their job. She then steps outside the room with Carter. “She asks me if her mother was ok. I didn’t know what to tell her. I didn’t want to traumatize her anymore.” She said. Carter nods. “You did the right thing. Child services are on the way. They will take care of her. At some point, we are going to have to talk to her and find out what she saw. But for right now, we got to just make sure she is taken care of. Stay with her till Child services get here. I’m going to get the team over here as soon as they finish up at the dumpsite.” He said. James then angrily says. “Ok, Pops. But now this little girl is going to have to grow up without a mother. We have to find this son of a bitch!” She turns and walks back into the room with Samantha.
When paramedics finish with Samantha, James comes back over to Carter. “They didn’t find anything physically wrong with Samantha, but she is in shock, and they want to take her to the hospital,” James says. “Go with her. When she is ready to talk, we need to find out what she saw. Right now, she is our only witness.” James nods. “Ok, Pops. I will let you know if I find out anything.” The paramedic’s Wheel Samantha out on a gurney, and James follows.
Moments later, Rangers Berry Martin, David Hooks, and Steven North arrive, along with Waco Police Detectives Jeff Neal and Roy Peterson. They all gather around Carter. “Ok,” Carter says. “This is our primary crime scene. Our victim, Ann Harper, was killed here and dumped at the Stadium. We have a 2nd victim and a small child possible witness. James has gone with her to the hospital. The medical examiner is on the way. We need to get pictures and go over this room with a fine-tooth comb. I want to find out who this guy is and why was he here? Neal, I need you and Peterson to close off everything and check outside for tire prints and look and see if there are any neighbors close by and If they heard anything.” Carter looks around at them and then says. “We got three dead bodies and nothing to go on. Find something.”
They all split up and go to work. About 20 minutes later, Ranger Martin comes over to Carter. “Hey, Boss,” Martin says. “I ran the victim’s prints and didn’t get a match. So he is not in our system. But I ran the car plates in the driveway, and one of them is registered to Ricky Chambers. I ran his driver’s license number and got a Chambers photo, and he is our guy. I also found a press ID in the car, and he also works for the Waco Tribune-Herald.” Carter shakes his head. “So we got two dead reporters.” Ranger North walks up and says. “I found this.” He hands Carter some papers. “Ann Harper wrote a story on the first killing of Linda Pike. It was short and not much information, just the basic facts. It was probably in today’s paper.” Carter reads the story that was on the paper and looks up at them. “Check and make sure this story was published. With two of their own dead, the press is going to be all over us.” Carter said. Martin looks out the window and then back at Carter. “They are already gathering outside. He said. Carter takes a look out the window and then turns back to them. “I’m going to have to tell them something. I just don’t know what yet.”
Carter walks over to Ranger David Hooks, who has been taking pictures of the body and area around it. “You about done?” Carter asks. Hooks looks up from his camera. “Yes.” Hooks says. Carter then turns to the Medical examiner’s people and says. “He is all yours.” The two men walk over and start looking at the body. Hooks walks over to Carter. “Something is not right about this Boss. The first girl, Linda Pike, he followed out of a bar. It looked like he picked her randomly and dumped her in an out-of-the-way place. This morning’s victim Ann Harper looks like he targeted her, and this guy here was just in the wrong place at the wrong time. Then he dumps her at a high-profile place, McLane Stadium. If it were not for him removing the left eye, I would say it was not the same guy.” Hooks said. Carter pauses for a moment and then says. “I know. It’s like he totally changed his MO. It’s like he read the story she wrote about him and got pissed that it was not on the front page and killed her. That tells me he is not crazy. This one was planned and well thought out. He has some major anger issues.”
They work for about another 30 minutes, and Carter walks over to Ranger Martin. “Yall finish up here. I’m going over to the hospital and see if our 6-year-old witness can tell us anything.” Martin nods. “We got this, Boss.” He says.
Carter walks outside to see a large group of reporters gathered just the other side of the crime scene tape. He stops for a moment. He didn’t know how they had found them over here. But he would have to face them sooner or later. It might as well be now. He walked toward Detectives Neal and Peterson and stopped. Neal turns to him and says. “The nearest neighbor is a mile away, so nobody saw or heard anything. No tire tracks no nothing.” “Ok,” Carter says. “They are finishing up here. See if you can keep the press back.”
Carter walks over and stops just short of the crime scene tape. Reporters on the other side start shouting questions. Carter holds up his hands. “Ok, I’m Texas Ranger John Carter of the Rangers homicide task force. I will try to answer a few questions if I can.” The reporters start shouting questions again. “One at a time, please,” Carter says. A reporter asks. “Can you confirm that Waco Tribune-Herald reporter Ann Harper was killed?” Carter looks back at them and says. “I can not release any name at this time pending the notification of next of kin.” Another reporter asks, “Records show that she owns this house. Some of us know her personally and know that is her car in the driveway.” Carter pauses for a moment. “As I said, I can’t comment on the identity of the victim.” The reporter then asks. “Is the victim here and the one at McLane Stadium connected?” “Yes,” Carter says. “We believe both victims today and the victim that was killed Friday were the work of the same killer. That’s about all I can say at this time.”
Neal lifts the tape, and Carter ducks under and walks toward his car. A reporter shouts. “Is this the work of a serial killer?” “No comment,” Carter says as he walks on. The reporter turns to Neal and asks. “Is there anything you can tell us?” Neal looks at him and says. “No. I can’t say anything.” Neal then reaches into his pocket, pulls out a business card, and discreetly hands it to the reporter. The reporter steps a few feet away and looks at the card. It has his name Deticeve Jeff Neal on the front. He then turns it over, and handwritten on the back it says. Starbucks, Central Texas Market Place 6:00 pm. The reporter puts it in his pocket and walks away.
Carter drives over to the hospital that Samantha had been taken to. He quickly finds Ranger James and walks over to her. “Has she said anything?” He asks. “No,” James says. “The Child Services worker is in there with her now. But she is not talking to anybody but me. The doctor didn’t find anything physically wrong with her.” Carter looks through the window into Samantha’s room. “Has she told you anything?” James shakes her head. “No, nothing about what happened to her Mom.” Carter turns back to her. “She must have seen or heard something, or she would not have been hiding in the closet.” They both look at Samantha through the window. Carter then says. “I hate to do it. But we have to talk to her.” He looks at James. “I think it has to be you. She has bonded with you. You're the only person that can get the info out of her.” James nods. “Ok, Pops, let’s do this.”
Carter opens the room door and motions for the Child Services worker to come over to him. She walks over to them, standing in the doorway. Carter extends his hand, and they shake. “I’m Ranger Carter.” He says. “I’m Amy Douglas with Child Services.” Carter smiles. “Nice to meet you, Ms. Douglas. We are going to need to talk to her.” Douglas frowns. “Can’t it wait? This little girl has been through quite an ordeal.” She said. Carter nods. “I know, but there have been three people killed, and she is our only witness.” Douglas steps back and says. “Ok, but don’t take long.”
Carter and James walked over to the bed that Samantha is lying on. James picks up her hand and says. “Hey sweetheart, we need to ask you a few questions.” Samantha shakes her head yes. James then says. “Can you tell us what you saw and heard this morning?” Samantha looks up with red eyes from crying and says. “I heard a loud noise, and it woke me up. Then I heard it again, it scared me. I got up and ran to my Mommy’s room, I turned on the light, and nobody was there. I heard a noise. I walked down the hall and looked around the corner into the living room. I saw a man lift my Mom on his back. I tried to hide, but he heard me. He saw me and said, Go back to bed. '' I ran and hid.” James smiles. “That’s good. That is very helpful. Do you remember what the man looked like?” she asks. “No,” Samantha says. “He had a mask on.” James writes in her notebook. She then asks. “What color was his skin?” Samantha looks at her. “He was white.” James nods. “That’s good, Samantha. How tall was he? Was he taller than Ranger Carter?” She asks and points to Carter. Samantha looks over at Carter and says. “He was about the same.” James nods. “Is there anything else you noticed about this man?” Samantha shakes her head no.” James then takes her hand and says. “This has been very helpful. Thank you so much. If you remember anything else, have Ms. Douglas call me.” Samantha shakes her head, yes, and James hugs her. “Take care, sweetheart,” James says as she is led away by Douglas.
Carter and James then look at each other. Carter says. “You did good talking to her.” James puts her notepad away. “Ya well, not much we didn’t already know. White male. But most serial killers are white males.” Carter looks over at her. “Well, it’s one little thing to go on. That’s how we are going to catch this guy. One little thing at a time.”
*
Detectives Jeff Neal and Roy Peterson walked into the Starbucks at Central Market Place at about 5:45 pm. They were a few minutes early, so they got their coffee and found a seat in the back where they could see the door. Peterson took a sip of coffee. “So what are we going to tell this reporter?” he asks. Neal takes a sip of his coffee and says. “We are going to tell him everything we know. Maybe he will write a decent sorry and put some pressure on Carter.” Peterson laughs. “You know that’s going to piss Carter off, don’t you?” He asks. Neal smiles back. “Ya, that’s the point.”
About that time, the door opens, and the reporter that Neal had given the card to come in. He looks around and sees them and then goes to the counter, gets him some coffee, and then he walks over to their table. Neal stands up and shakes hands with the reporter. “Thank you for coming. What was your name again?” Neal asks. “Fred Clark.” He says. Clark pulls out a chair, and he and Neal sit down. Clark takes out his notepad and looks at him, and says. “What’s your name?” he asks. “I’m Waco Homicide Detective Jeff Neal, and this is Detective Roy Peterson,” Neal says. “So what can you tell me?” Clark asks. Neal looks over at Peterson and then back at Clark. “Well, first, let's get some things clear. We don’t have permission to talk to anybody. So If you want the info to keep coming, you can't use our names.” Clark nods. “I always protect my source. I will say source close to the investigation.” “That’s good,” Neal says. Clark writes in his notepad and then asks. “So can you confirm that the body found at McLane Stadium was Ann Harper?” “Yes,” Neal says. Clark shakes his head. “I was hoping it wasn’t her. But when she didn’t show up for work this morning and she didn’t answer her phone, and then yall went to her house. I had a bad feeling it was her.” Clark pauses for a moment, obviously upset. “How was she killed?” he asks. “She was strangled with a rope, and her left eye was removed.” Clark looks up in shock and says. “Her eye was cut out?” Neal nods. “Yes.” Clark writes in his pad and then asks. “Did he do that to the first victim Linda Pike?” “Yes,” Neal says. Clark looks up from his pad. The victim from the house this morning, do you have an ID on him?” He asks. Neal looks over at him and says. “His name is Ricky Chambers.” Clark looks up in shock. “He works at the paper also. What was he doing at Ann’s house?” Peterson looks across the table at him and says. “They were obviously seeing each other,” he says. Clark gets a surprised look on his face. “I had no idea, and I have worked with them for years.” He says. Clark takes a few moments to compose himself, obviously upset. He then asks. “Was Chambers' eye removed also?” “No,” Peterson says. We think he was just collateral damage. Just in the wrong place. He was shot twice.” Clark shakes his head as he takes notes.
Clark looks up from his pad. “Do you have any leads or suspects?” He asks. “No,” Peterson says. “We have absolutely nothing to go on.” Clark then asks. “Why were the Rangers brought in?” “That’s a good question,” Neal says. Peterson takes a sip of coffee and says. “Our boss Captain Barton turned it over to them. He didn’t want this monkey on his back.” Clark looks over at Neal. “So this Ranger Carter, is he running this show? He asks. “Yes,” Neal says. Peterson then jumps in and says. “Ya the same Carter who was Sheriff of Limestone County who a few years ago had all of those killings. He fucked up that investigation. Now he is in charge of this one. Total loser.” Clark writes some more down and then asks. “Is there anything else you can tell me?” Neal shakes his head. “That’s about all we know now.” He says.
Clark puts his pad back in his coat pocket. He hands Neal a business card. “When you know more, call me.” Neal takes the card and puts it in his pocket. “We got to be discreet about this. I don’t want my number showing up on your phone or yours on mine. I will figure out some way to contact you.” Clark stands up. “Ok, thanks. Ann and Ricky were friends and co-workers. So this is personal. This will be on the front page in the morning. The Eye 35 Killer kind of has a ring to it.

CHAPTER 9
John Carter pulled up in his driveway and killed his car. He looked at his watch. It was about 6:30 pm. Carolyn’s car was not in the driveway, so she must not be home yet. Tom’s truck was not parked out front, so it looked like he was not home either. He sat there in the car and laid his head back on the headrest for a moment. This had been one hell of a day. Two more dead bodies for a total of three in four days.
Why were today’s murders so different from the 1st one? It didn’t make any sense. Why did he kill again so soon? Usually, there was a cooling-off period. There were so many more questions than answers.
He got out of his car and started walking to the door when Tom’s Truck pulled up in front of the house. Tom and his cousin Michael jumped out. Tom yelled. “Hey Dad, look what we got.” Carter stopped and looked over at them. Oh my gosh, do I really want to look. He thought as he walked toward the truck. Looking over in the back of the truck, he saw a dead wild hog. Tom and Michael both smiled big. “I shot this baby over at Granddad’s place. What do you think, Dad?” Carter looked at the hog and the back at them. “Nice hog, but what are you going to do with it?” Tom gave him a surprised look and said. “ We're going to gut it and skin it, and this weekend we are going to put him on the grill and tell everybody we know to bring a loaf of bread and a bottle of barbecue sauce and fork.” Carter looks down and tries hard not to laugh. “Ok, son, why didn’t you gut and skin it before you brought it home?” Tom gives him a look. “Well, Dad, we had a few problems with that. 1st I didn’t have my knife with me. 2nd We didn’t have any rope to hang him up in a tree, and 3rd, I have never really skinned and dressed a hog before, so the other thing we needed was you, Dad.” Carter looked down at the hog. Michael then says. “We knew you would know what to do, Uncle John. My Dad has told me a lot of stories about deer and hogs yall killed growing up.” Carter looks back at them and says. “Ok, Take it around to the backyard and get some rope out of the shed and hang it up in the oak tree. Get a bucket or something to put under it. I’m going to go get changed and come help you.” Tom and Michael smile and start taking the hog out of the truck. “Sure thing Dad.”
Carter turns and walks into the house. The last thing he wanted to do after the day he had, was skin and dress a hog. He walked through the living room to find Becky watching TV. “Hey, Daddy. How was your day?” She says. He stops and looks over at her. “Well, it was long and hard, and now I get home, and your brother and cousin have killed a hog, and we got to clean it.” Her eyes get big, and she jumps up. “Your kidding Dad. They killed a hog.” He shakes his head. “Yes, they killed a hog.” She turns to leave. “I got to see this.” She says as she heads out.
Carter walks back to his bedroom and takes off his gun, and locks it up in the safe. He quickly changes out of his white Ranger shirt and his starched pants and into some old clothes. He really wanted a shower, but he knew that was pointless. He pulled out his pocket knife and checked the blade. It was good and sharp.
He walks back through the house and out on the back porch and finds that Tom and Michael had already got the hog up in the tree, and Tom had his knife out and was hacking away on it. “Hey, hey. Hold up.” Carter said. Tom and Michael stopped and looked back at him as he walked down the steps off of the porch and over to them. “What are you doing?.” Carter asks. “You’re making a damn mess!” The boys step back as Carter looks at the hog. Tom tries to hand his Dad the knife he was using. “I don’t need that big knife,” Carter says as he pulls his pocket knife out of his pocket. He holds it up to them. “This is all the knife you need.” Carter starts slowly cutting open the hog. Tom steps back and smiles big and winks at Michael.” Carter turns his head toward them. “Are y'all watching because you are doing this next time.” Tom and Michael each pull a leg out as Carter cuts the guts out. “Ya, Dad, we are watching,” Tom says. “I’m watching Uncle John.” Says Michael.
Carter and the boys work on the hog for another ten minutes and then Carter hears a familiar voice behind him. He stops and slowly turns around to see Carolyn standing on the porch with her hands on her hips. “Oh my gosh!” She says. “Is that a dead hog hanging in my tree in my backyard?” Carter looks over at Tom and Michael and then back at her. “Yes, but your see.” He says. She interrupts him. “Oh yes, I see. I see blood and guts.” Carter pauses for a moment, then says. “The boys killed a hog, and we are cleaning it.” Her face turns red as she says. “Cleaning it! There is nothing clean about what you’re doing!” She looks over at Tom and then Michael. Then Tom says. “We were just helping Dad.” Carter turns and gives Tom a hard look. Carolyn then looks at Carter. “Looks like you're the one holding the knife, looks like blood on your hands to me. It looks like all the evidence is pointing to you!” Carter looks at the knife and blood all over him, not really knowing what to say. She pauses for a moment then says. “When I come out here in the morning. I don’t want to know this was here.” Carter shakes his head. “We will take care of it.” He says. Carolyn turns and walks back into the house. Carter then sees Becky standing off to the side laughing.
Carter then turns and looks at Tom. “We are just helping Dad? Really.” He says. Tom shrugs his shoulders and says. “Dad, sometimes you just gotta take one for the team. I mean, what’s she going to do to you? But she could make my life miserable.” Carter just turns back to the hog. “Let’s just get this finished and cleaned up, and maybe we will get to eat something tonight.”
A few hours later, after dinner, John sits down on the couch next to Carolyn. “Anything good on TV tonight?” He asks. “No.” She replies. “I think I’m fixing to go to bed.” He then looks over at her and says. “We got everything cleaned up.” She turns her head and looks back at him. “Thank you. I’m sorry I overreacted.” He reaches over and takes her hand. “It’s ok, I understand.” She looks back at the TV. “of course, now I have a skinned and cleaned hog chilling in my refrigerator.” She says. “Tom wants to cook it on the grill this weekend.” She turns and looks back at him. “Great. So I can keep hog in my fridge all week.” John laughs. “Well, you only got a half of a hog. Michael took the other half home with him.” She gives him a look. “Oh, only half a hog. Well, I feel so much better now.” She stands up. “I’m going to bed.” As she walks past him, he watches her go. Sometimes you just can’t win.
*
The next morning Carter made the drive to Waco to work. He headed into the building at a little past 8 am. To his surprise, most of the other Rangers were already there. He walked into his office and noticed that the coffee was already going. Jess must be looking out for me. He thought as he poured himself a cup and sat down behind his desk. He started looking over the files of yesterday’s murder case. Maybe there was something he had missed.
Ranger Jessica James peaked through the window into Carter’s office. Rangers Martin and North came walking up behind her, “Is he in there?” Martin asks. James nods. “Yes.” She says in a low voice. North then peaks in the window. “Do you think he has seen it?” James shakes her head. “No, I don’t think so.” She says. Martin and North look at each other, then they both look at James. “Then you should go in there and tell him,” Martin says. James turns and gives him a surprised look. “Me. Why me?” She Asks. “Because he likes you the best,” Martin says. “That’s right, You will do great,” North says, as he pats her on the back, and they both walk away. She gives them an angry look as she watches them leave. She peaks through the window. Maybe I should wait for him to get more coffee in him first. Naw, let’s get this over with.
She walks over, picks up the newspaper on her desk, folds it up, walks over to Carter’s office, knocks on the door, and then enters. Carter looks up at her. “Morning, Pops.” She says, walking up to his desk and sitting down. He smiles at her. “Good morning Jess.” He says. He looks back down at his files. She then says. “How was your night last night?” He looks up and smiles. “Don’t get me started on my night last night.” She pauses for a moment and then says, “Did you see the newspaper this morning?” She asks. He looks up at her with a serious look on his face. “No. Should I.” She takes the folded Newspaper and hands it to him. He unfolds it and looks at the headline. Eye 35 killer takes his 2nd and 3rd victim. “What the hell is this?” He says as he starts reading the story.
James sits quietly while Carter reads. When he is done, he looks up and says. “Get everybody in here.” James gets up and walks out of the office. A few minutes later, James comes back in followed by Rangers Berry Martin, David Hooks, Steven North, and Tech person Pam Carr. When they all get inside, Carter holds up the newspaper. “Has everybody seen this?” They all look at each other and nod. Ranger Martin then says. “Yes, we have all seen it. But Boss, I can assure you. None of the information came from any of us.” Carter folds the paper up and throws it down on his desk. “I know that,” Carter says. “But can you tell me how the information that only we had got out?” There was silence, then Ranger North said. “It has to be Neal or Peterson or both.” Carter crosses his arms and thinks for a moment, and then says. “Ya, that's what I was thinking too. They were both upset about us taking over a case that should have been there’s.” Ranger Hooks turns to Carter. “So what do we do about it?” Carter looks over at him. “Nothing we can do. They don’t work for us. We can call Capitan Barton over at Waco P.D. and tell him we don’t want them, but we need Waco P.D. corporation, so we are just going to have to limit their information.”
Carter looks around the room at his staff and asks. “Do we have anything to go on at all? Ranger Martin speaks up and says. “We have one grainy photo from a camera at McLane Stadium that shows a man in a black hoodie. The little girl at the Harper crimes scene told us we are looking for a white male. That’s about it, boss.” Carter looks around the room at them and then says. “We have to come up with something. I want Martin and Hooks working on the first murder, Linda Pike. James and North, I want you working on 2nd murder, Ann Harper and Ricky Chambers and Ranger Carr, I want you working on the tech angle of both, anything you can find out online about our victims. I’m going to work both. The press is going to be all over us. So we have to have something I can tell them. So let’s get to work.”
*
FBI Special Agent Mac Price sat at his desk at the Waco Texas field office of the FBI. Paperwork was about all he ever did. When he got this job two years ago to head the Waco field office, he thought it would be a stepping stone to a better assignment. So far, that has not happened.
About that time, his cell phone rang. He looked at it. It was a local number but didn’t have a name on it. “Hello,” he answered. “Agent Price?” a voice on the other end said. “Yes.” Price says. “I need a Rough Riders meeting at the Waco Suspension Bridge at noon. Come alone.” The voice says. “Who is this?” Price asks. The line then went dead. Price put his phone away. That was strange. He used the code Rough Riders, which was code for a government official who wanted an off-the-books meeting. He knew the code, so it must be legit. But this was the first time this had happened to him.
Price looked at his watch. It was 11:30 am. He didn’t have much time. He walked out of his office and told one of the few other agents that worked the Waco office. “I’m going to lunch. Be back in a little bit.” He walks out and down to his car. He wondered what this was all about. If they wanted to talk, why didn’t they just come to the office? Or at least leave a name.
He pulled up and parked at the Waco Suspension Bridge. He sat in the car and looked around. The Suspension Bridge was one of Waco’s big historical draws. It was built in 1869 and was the first suspension bridge built in Texas. In the mid-1800s, the only way to cross the Brazos River was by ferry. With the Chisholm Trail coming through Waco with large amounts of cattle, a better way to cross was needed. Supplies had to be ferried from Galveston to Bryan, from there loaded on wagons and pulled by oxen to Waco. The twin double towers that anchored the 475 feet span contained 3 million bricks that were produced locally. When finished, it was wide enough for stagecoaches to pass each other. There was a toll of 5 cents per person or head of cattle to cross. The bridge was paid for very quickly, and the toll was later dropped. It was the first bridge to cross the Brazos River. Today it is only open to foot traffic and is on the National Registry of Historic Places.
Price got out of his car and walked toward the bridge. A few people were walking around. He walked past the life-size bronze statues of cowboys and Texas longhorn cattle being led to the bridge. He walked to the center of the bridge and waited. He looked over the side at the river. There were a few boats and people along the bank.
He was sure the person he was meeting was already here, most likely watching him. He looked over his left shoulder and saw a few people walk by. Then he was startled by a man in a hoodie who approached him from the right. The man had his hoodie pulled up over his head and sunglasses on. He couldn’t tell much about the man except he was a white male with a mustache and goatee. He stopped about 6 feet away from him and looked over the side. A moment later, the man says. “Roosevelt was a Rough Rider.” Price looks back at the man and says. “At San Juan Hill.” He said. The man then said. “Agent Price?” He asks. “Yes.” Price said. “Who are you, and what is this all about?” He asks. The man gives Price a glance. “Who I am is not important.” He takes a newspaper out of his hoodie pocket and hands it to Price. “Have you read that?” Price opens up the newspaper and sees the front-page story about the eye-35 killer. Price looks back at him. “Of course, I have read it.” The man nods. “Good, Do you know Ranger Carter?” He asks. Price hands the paper back to the man. When he does this, he notices ½ the man’s little finger and the end of his ring finger on his left hand is missing.“Yes, I have met Ranger Carter a few times.” He says. The man puts the newspaper back in his pocket. “Good, I want you to find out everything Carter has on these murders and get back to me. Without Carter knowing anything about it.” Price takes a step back and says. “I can’t do that. First, the FBI hasn’t been asked into the investigation. Carter’s not just going to turn it over to me. Plus. I don’t even know who the fuck you are!” The man gives Price a stern look and says. “I don’t want you to take over the investigation. I just want information. You help me, and I can get you out of this shithole Waco field office. You don’t help me, and you could find yourself working at the Fairbanks Alaska field office. I can make that happen. So what’s it going to be?” Price pauses for a moment and then says. “I will find out what I can. Can I contact you on the number you called me on?” The man reaches into his pocket and pulls out his phone, and throws it in the river. “No. I will contact you.” The man turns and walks off. Price stands there looking down at the river. He thought to himself. What the fuck have I got myself into.

CHAPTER 10
John Carter ran his hand through his hair as he looked out the window in his office. He looked at his watch. It was 5:30 pm. He walked over to his desk and opened up his briefcase, and threw some files in it. He would look over all this again when he got home. They had not made any progress on any of the murders. Not that they had a lot to go on.
About that time, Rangers Martin and James come walking in. Carter looks up at them. “Tell me that you have something?” They both look at each other, and James says. “Sorry, Pops, But we got nothing.” Carter closes his file case and stands up. “We might as well call it a day. Go home and get some rest. We will hit it hard again in the morning.” Martin turns to Carter. “Do you think he will hit again?” He asks. “Carter looks back at him. “Well, one of the few things I’m sure about is he will kill again and maybe soon. But he has been lucky so far. But he is going to fuck up and make a mistake and we are going to get him.” They both nod and turn to leave. James stops and turns back to Carter. “Oh, there is an FBI agent here to see you. His name is Agent Mac Price.” Carter sits back down. “Send him in.” He says. “See you in the morning Pops.” She says, walking out of the office.
A few moments later, he looks up to see Mac Price walk into his office. Carter stands up, and they shake hands. “Thanks for seeing me, Ranger Carter.” Price says. Carter sits back down behind his desk. “What can I do for you, Agent Price?” Price leans back in his chair and says. “Well, I just heard about these murders going on here and wanted to know if there was anything the FBI could do to help you? We are more than willing to help.” Carter is silent for a moment, caught off guard by his offer to help. You usually had to ask the FBI for help, and then it was not easy to get. He was sure something was going on here. The FBI didn’t just offer help. Carter then says. “I thought the FBI had to be invited into an investigation?” Price shakes his head. “Yes, that’s normally right. But I just thought we all work in the same town. We might as well work together, informally. We are not looking to take over. It’s your case. Just any help we can be.” Carter smiles and stands up. “Well, I’m not turning down any help.” Price stands up and shakes hands again. “I will come over in the morning and look over what you got. A fresh set of eyes can’t hurt.” Carter smiles. “No, it can’t.” He says as Price walks out of the office.
Carter sits back down. About that time, James walks back in and sits down across from him. “I thought you were leaving?” Carter asks. She looks over at him. “I was, but I wanted to find out what that was all about?” Carter smiles. “Well, it seems the FBI is offering their help.” She frowns. “Oh hell no! We don’t need those FBI fuckers telling us what to do and then taking all the credit when we catch the guy. Don’t they normally have to be invited in to work the case?” Carter nods. “Yes, they normally have to be invited. So something is going on that he is not telling me. He is going to come in tomorrow and look over what we got.” She frowns. “You’re going to let them take over?” she asks. “He shakes his head. “No. But the best way to find out what he is up to is to keep him close.” She smiles. “Oh, I see. It’s a keep your friends close and your enemies closer thing.” Carter smiles. “Something like that.”
*
Waco Police Detectives Jeff Neal and Roy Peterson are on their way home from work. Neal had picked Peterson up this morning, and now they were headed to Peterson’s place to drop him off. “How long do you think it will take Carter to figure out that it was us that tipped off the press?” Peterson asks. Neal glances over at Peterson and says. “Oh, I’m sure he figured it out quickly. The man is not stupid. But he shouldn’t have disrespected us.” Peterson looks over at him. “Do you think he is going to call the Captain?” He asks. “No,” Neal says. “If he were going to do that, he would have already done it, and Capitan Barton would have chewed our asses out.” Peterson nods. “So you think Carter will just let it go?” He asks. Neal smiles. “Oh no, he won’t let it go. But he needs us too much to do anything about it.”
They pulled up in front of Peterson’s house. Peterson turns to Neal. “Come in and have a beer.” He says. “You know that sounds good,” Neal says as they get out of the car. They enter through the garage. “ Do you ever use that old office you have out here?” Neal asks. “Ya, I used it some for the quiet. Now that it’s just me, no need.” Peterson says as he enters the house.
They walk through the house to the kitchen, and Peterson opens the refrigerator, takes out two beers, and hands one to Neal. “Thank you,” Neal says as they both pop the tops on the beers. Peterson then notices a note left on the stove. He walks over and picks it up. “What is this?” He says. He reads the note, and then his face turns red, and he crumbles it up. Neal walks over. “What’s the matter? What does it say?” Peterson then walks over to the window and looks out into the backyard. He then walks back to Neal. “She took my fucking dog! That bitch came over here while I was gone and took my fucking dog!” He takes a long gulp of beer. “I should call the station and have that bitch arrested for stealing my dog!” Neal sets his beer down and walks closer to Peterson. “You know as long as you are married and she has a key to the place, there is nothing you can do about it,” Neal says. Peterson then takes a long drink from his beer and throws the empty can in the trash. “I need something stronger than this.” He reaches under the cabinet, pulls out a bottle of Jack Danials, gets a glass, and pours himself a drink. “I can’t legally do anything. But that’s the last straw. I’m going to make that bitch pay.”
Neal walked over and put both hands on Peterson’s shoulders. “Roy, you got to get control of yourself. You can't keep flying off the handle every time she pisses you off. Peterson moves over and sits down, and pours himself another drink. “So what the fuck am I going to do?” He asks. Neal sits down. “I don’t know. But we are going to figure something out.” Peterson takes a drink and puts his glass down, and looks over at Neal. “Well, when you figure it out. You let me know. But I may just kill the bitch first.”
Neal spent the next hour trying to calm Peterson down. When he left, he felt like he needed to talk to Jane Peterson and let her know what was going on with Roy. He pulled up in front of the home of her mothers. Where Danny and Jane had been staying, he got out and saw Danny and a friend playing in the front yard. He ran up to Neal. “Hey, Jeff.” He says. He turns and looks back at the house and then says in a lower voice. “Have you seen my Dad?” Neal gets down on one knee so he can look Danny in the eye. “Yes, I have seen him. He wanted me to tell you he loves and misses you.” Danny smiles. “Tell him, I love and miss him too. Is he doing ok?” Neal smiles back at Danny. “Yes, he is doing ok.” He said. Danny looks back at the house again. “Has he been getting mad? Neal looks back at him. “Well, he is upset, but he is holding up as best he can.”
Neal hears the front door open and hears Jane Peterson’s voice say. “Jeff, how are you doing?” She asks. Neal turns to her. “Hey, Jane, I’m doing good.” He says. She steps down off the porch and turns to Danny. “Danny, why don’t yall go play in the backyard.” He stares at her for a moment and then runs off. Jane then turns back to Neal. “So what brings you by Jeff?” Neal looks away and then back at her, not knowing where to start. He then says. “Well, I dropped Roy off today, and he was very upset about the dog.” She shakes her head. “He doesn’t care anything about that dog. It’s Danny’s dog. He wanted it here with him. So I went and got it. I left him a note explaining it.” Neal nods. “I understand. But Jane, Roy is barely hanging on. I’m just afraid if you keep pushing him. He is going to go over the edge and do something stupid.” She looks back at him angrily. “I’m not pushing him. I just got my son’s dog. A dog that he never liked. It’s just a control thing. I didn’t ask if it was ok with him for me to come over and get it.” Neal pauses for a moment and then says. “I know you're right. I just think it’s not a good time to stir the pot.” She puts her hands on her hips. “Well, he should have thought about that before he started hitting me.” She said. “Ok, I will talk to him and explain about the dog,” Neal says.
He turns and starts to walk away, and she says. “ Wait a minute. I have some of his stuff. I took by mistake. You can take it back to him, and maybe it will make him happy.” She goes back into the house, and a few minutes later, she returns with a bag full of stuff and hands it to him. “Just some stuff I picked up by mistake, his hairbrush, and other stuff.” She says. “Ok, thank you. I will see that he gets it.” He takes the bag to his car and gets in. That went well, he thought.
*
(Later that night)
He sat down in his chair, pulled his boots on, picked up the black tee-shirt, and pulled it on over his head. He stood up and walked to the bathroom, and washed his face. He picked up a towel and wiped his face off. Looking into the mirror, he saw his reflection. His eyes were cold and menacing. He knew what he had to do. The last newspaper article was better, but he still was not getting the respect he deserves. He would show her. He would show everybody.
He reached over and picked up the two jars of formaldehyde and shook them till he could clearly see the eyes inside. He loved the feeling of power it gave him to look at them. He set them back up on the shelf and picked up the newspaper clippings, and reread them. Placing them back, he looked at his watch. It was almost time.
He walked out into the bedroom, picked up his gun, and put it in his belt behind his back. He picked up his small cord rope and rolled it up, and put it under his belt. He pulled his hoodie on, picked up his gloves and mask, and put them in his hoodie pocket. He walked back into the restroom and grabbed his knife, and put it in his pocket. He looks back in the mirror. “Let’s do this.” He says.
He gets in the van and drives toward the interstate. When he gets to I-35, he gets on headed north and drives and looks around. When he starts to leave Waco, he turns around and drives back south till he makes up his mind and takes an exit at the Delta motel. He drives around the streets around the motel. It’s not hard to find what he is looking for. He sees a prostitute walking alone in front of him. He drives by and gets a good look at her. She is young, early 20’s red-headed, wearing a short dress and a very low-cut top. He drives past her and turns around and drives back, and pulls over just ahead of her.
She sees him park the van and starts walking toward him. He rolls down the window as she walks up. “Hey baby, are you looking for a date?” She says. He smiles at her. “I don’t know, maybe.” She bends down and gives him a good look at her cleavage. “You like what you see, baby? For fifty dollars, it can be yours for an hour.” He looks back at her. “Get in.” He says.
She walks around to the passenger side and opens the door, and gets in. “My name is Sunshine. What’s your baby.” She says. He looks over at her and says. “My name is not important.” She smiles. “That’s right, baby, the only thing important is the money.” They pull into the parking lot of the Delta motel and park. She turns to him. “I already have a room here. Let’s take care of the money first.” He reaches into his back pocket, pulls out his wallet, takes out fifty dollars, and hands it to her. She smiles. “Thank you, baby.” She says as she puts the money away. She then takes her hand and reaches over, and rubs on his crotch. “Let’s go have some fun, and let me take care of this.”
They get out of the car. He pulls the hoodie up over his head as he follows her down to the room on the end. He doesn’t see any security cameras, but he keeps his head down just in case. She opens the door, and he follows her inside. He closes the door behind him and locks it. He turns back around, and she is facing him, unbuttoning her blouse. He watches as she takes it off and exposes her huge tits. She then unzips her skirt and lets it drop to the floor. He stands there and takes in her gorgeous body. She slowly walks toward him, puts her hands on his chest, looks him in the eyes, and says. “You like what you see, baby?” He smiles back at her but says nothing. She kneels down to her knees and looks back up at him. “Let’s see what you got, baby.” She starts unbuckling his belt. He reaches down and grabs her by the hair of her head, and pulls her back to her feet. She looks at him and smiles. “If rough is what you want, baby. We can do that. But it’s going to cost you more.” He gives her a slight smirk as he pulls his right hand back and slaps her hard, knocking her to the floor. She shakes her head. “Ok, that’s going to cost you a lot more.” She says.
He reaches down and pulls her by the hair to her feet. He pulls the rope out from under his belt, quickly wraps it around her neck, and pulls her close, looking her in the eyes. “What I want bitch is for you to show me some fucking respect!” He pulls the rope tight, cutting off her air. Her eyes get big with fright. He looks her in the eyes as she falls to the floor. He goes down with her and keeps pulling on the rope till her eyes give him the cold dead look. He stands up and pulls the rope off of her. The feeling of power is even greater than before. He stands over her, enjoying the moment. He then takes out his knife and neals down over her and removes her left eye and gently places it in a handkerchief, and puts it in the pocket of his hoodie.
He stands up and takes another long look. There is no reason to move her. She will be found soon enough. He turns and walks toward the door and stops and turns, and takes one last look. This one was good, very good.

CHAPTER 11
The next morning Ranger John Carter pulls into the parking garage at Texas Ranger F Company Headquarters. Finding a parking space, he parks and kills the engine. He takes his cowboy hat off and lays it on the passenger seat. He just sits there looking out at the almost empty garage. It was early. He was hoping to avoid any reporters, He knew they would have questions, and he also knows he didn’t have any answers for them. He also knew that Captain Bill Morris would have questions that he didn’t have answers to. So he just sits in his car for a few minutes. Then he thought, If I keep doing this, I’m going to have to put a coffee maker in the car.
He puts his cowboy hat back on, gets out of the car, and heads upstairs to his office. There were not very many people in yet. He enters his office and hangs his hat up, and sets his briefcase down on his desk. He then walks over and starts making some coffee. He waits for it to get ready, and he pours himself a cup, walks over to his desk, sits down, and takes a sip of coffee. He opens the briefcase and takes out the files, and places the briefcase down next to the desk. He opens up the files and looks over them again.
A few minutes later, Ranger Jessica James walks into the office. “Morning, Pops.” She says, walking over to the coffee pot and getting a cup. “Morning, Jess.” He says. Not looking up from the papers. She walks over and sits down in one of the chairs in front of the desk. “So how are you this morning Pops?” She asks. He looks up at her. “I have had better mornings.” He says. She takes a sip of her coffee and then says. “Well, Pops, I say this with love in my heart. But you look like shit.” He looks up at her. “Well, thank you for sharing that.” She smiles and says. “It’s just the observant cop in me. I notice the bags under your eyes. That tells me your not getting much sleep. That’s one of two things. First, this case worries you and keeps you awake, or second, your up all night having sex. I’m hoping it’s the first. I don’t know if I could handle it if you have a better sex life than me.” He looks back up at her. “I don’t want to talk about my sex life, and I really don’t want to talk about yours.” She laughs. “Ok, Pops.” She says.
Rangers Berry Martin and David Hooks come walking into the office. “Morning, Boss,” Martin says, walking up to the desk. Hooks gets a cup of coffee and turns to Carter, and says. “Morning, that FBI agent Mac Price is here.” Carter closes the file on his desk and holds it up. “Make a copy of everything in here and give it to him.” Hooks walks over to the desk and takes the file. “Will do, Boss.” He says as he leaves the office.
Martin sits down next to James, and Carter looks across at them. “We have to come up with something. The press is going to be breathing down our necks, and we need something to tell them,” he says. Martin takes out his notepad and looks at it. “I’m going to call some of the people that we have already talked too, and see if they have remembered anything more.” Carter nods. “Good.”He says.
Ranger Steven North comes walking into the office and says. “Waco PD called. We have another one. Prostitute found dead in one of the rooms at the Delta Motel.” Carter gets an angry look on his face. “They sure it’s our guy?” Carter asks. North shakes his head. “Left eye missing. They are holding the crime scene for us.” Carter stands up. “Let’s get over there.”
As they all walk out of Carter’s office, Carter sees Agent Price sitting off to the side of Hooks’s desk. He walks over to him and says, “We have another murder. Your welcome to join us.” Price stands up. “Where at?” he says. “Prostitute, Delta Motel,” Carter said. “I will follow you over there.” Price says.
Carter and his team make the drive over to the Delta Motel. They find several Waco Police cars parked and crime scene tape already put up around the room when they arrive. A uniformed police officer holds up the tape so they can duck under. They are met at the door of the room by Waco Police Detectives Jeff Neal and Roy Peterson. “Looks like you have another one,” Neal says as they all walk into the room. Carter stops and looks at the body. “Do we have an ID on her?” He asks. “The cleaning lady that found her said her name was Sunshine,” Neal said. Carter turns to him. “That’s obviously, a street name. She have any ID on her?” Neal looks back at him. “We didn’t check. When we saw she was one of yours, we just called you.” Carter tries to control his anger. “So, you did nothing. No ID, no pictures, didn’t talk to any witnesses?” Carter says. Peterson then steps forward. “We put up the crime scene tape and left everything else for you super cops,” Neal says to Peterson. “Hey Roy, Why don’t you wait outside? And I will handle this.” Peterson takes an angry look at Carter and walks out.
Neal turns back to Carter. “I’m sorry about that, Ranger Carter. Peterson is having a hard time at home. “I thought it was best to let your people handle things. I’m sorry.” “Ok,” Carter says. “But I don’t care what kind of problems he has. I expect him to be professional at work. We all got to work together and catch the guy.” Neal nods. “I understand. I will talk to him.”
Neal walks out of the motel room and finds Peterson outside, and walks over to him. He gives Peterson a stern look. “What the hell was that all about? You’re going to get us kicked off this case.” Peterson turns to him angrily. “Who does that fucker think he is! Talking down to us like we were kids.” Peterson says as he turns to walk away. Neal grabs him by the arm and says. “I don’t like the asshole any more than you do. But we got to play nice at least to his face.” Peterson pulls his arm away and says. “Well, you know, I might have to take some time off to keep from killing that bastard.” Neal looks over at him. “That may be a good idea. Take some time off, get your head straight. Why don’t you go home? I will talk to the Captain, and you can call him later.” Peterson shakes his head. “Ok, I just need to get away and get some rest.” As Peterson walks away, Neal walks back into the motel room.
Inside, Carter is kneeling by the body, and Martin is taking pictures. She is lying nude on her back. He can see the rope burn around her neck. She had been strangled, and her left eye had been removed. Why did he only take the left eye? Most killers with eye fetishes took both eyes, But he only takes only the left. That was one of the things about this guy that didn’t make sense. Killing a prostitute, He took an easy kill this time and went back to random. She was killed here, so he didn’t have to dump the body. It looks like he just wanted quick, easy gratification. She was nude, so it looked like they had at least gotten started. He was betting they would find several samples of semen. But none of them would be the killer. He was too smart to leave a DNA sample.
James bent down and took the victim’s thumb and scanned it. She looks back up at Carter. “She is most likely in our system. We should know who she is soon.” Carter stood up. “Good,” he says. Ranger North walks up to Carter. “I got the motel manager outside,” he says. “Good, I want to talk to him,” Carter says, walking out of the room.
Outside he finds a tall, middle-aged, balding man waiting for him. “I’m Ranger John Carter,” he says, offering his hand to shake. The man takes Carter’s hand and says. “I’m Ray Farris.The manager of the Delta Motel. Is it true that Sunshine was killed?” He asks. “Yes, I’m afraid so. Did you know her well?” Carter asks. “Yes, She worked around here a lot, never gave me any problems,” Farris said. Carter takes out his notepad and pen. “Do you know her real name?” He asks. “No,” Farris says. “I just knew her as Sunshine,” Farris says. Carter looks over at him and asks. “Did you see who she was with last night?” Farris shakes his head. “No, she paid for the room early and never came back through the lobby. She liked the room at the back. Carter takes a few notes and then asks. “Do you have any cameras that could have picked up anything?” He asks. “No,” Farris says. “The only camera we have is in the lobby, and she never bought her customers through there.” Carter puts his notepad away and asks. “Was there anybody else around that might have seen something?” Farris shakes his head. “No, and if there was, nobody is going to want to talk to the cops anyway.” Carter hands him his card. “If you think of anything else, give me a call.” Farris takes the card. “I will. I hope you catch whoever did this to Sunshine,” he says. “We will,” Carter says, walking away.
Carter comes back into the room, and James looks at him and says. “We have an ID on her. She is Kay Harris, and she has multiple arrests for prostitution and drug charges.” Carter looked down at the body. She wasn’t much older than Becky. You could tell from the scars on her body that she had lived a hard life. What could have happened to her to put her on a path to die in a run-down cheap motel. “Did she have a next of kin on file?” Carter asks. “I will find out,” James says. Carter looks down at the body again. “Thank you. If we have collected everything, let’s cover her up. Give her a little bit of dignity.”
Carter walks back outside. He needed some air. Why was this murder bothering him more than the others? Maybe because she was just a kid that didn’t have much of a chance at life. He needed to catch this guy. Not just for her’ but all of them.
FBI agent Price walks up to him. “I talked to a few people around, and nobody will admit that they saw anything.” Carter turns to him. “Ya, I’m not surprised. People in this area don’t trust cops.” He says. “Somebody leaked to the press, so there is a growing group of reporters up in the lobby.” Price says. Carter nods. “I’ll go talk to them.” As Carter turns to walk away, Price asks. “Can I take a look inside?” Carter stops and turns back to him. “Yes, of course. I’m sorry, I got busy and forgot you were here.” Price looks back and says. “No problem, I just didn’t want to get in your people’s way.”
Carter walks up toward the motel office. He stops when he sees how many reporters are waiting for him. He looks for a moment. This was part of the job that he hated. He walked up outside the office. When the reporter recognized him, they quickly moved in around him and started shouting questions. “Ranger Carter, was this murder connected to the Eye 35 killer?” One reporter shouted. Carter held up his hands with his palms out for them to quiet them down. “One at a time, I will try to answer a few questions. Yes, we think this murder was connected to the others.” All the reporters there raised their hands for him to call on them. Carter pointed to one of them. “Do you have any leads or suspects?” The Reporter asks. “We are following up on several things now. No, we don’t have any suspects as of now. But it’s just a matter of time. He is going to make a mistake.” Carter says as he points to another reporter. “What was the victim’s name? Was she a prostitute?” He asks. “I can not release a name until next of kin can be notified. Carter says, ignoring the prostitution question. He points to another. “Do you think he will strike again soon?” Carter looks at the reporter. “I don’t have any way of knowing that. He doesn’t appear to have any pattern.” Several more put their hands up. But he has had enough of this. “That’s all I can say right now. We are working very hard on this and expect to get a break on the case soon. Thank you.” Carter says as he turns to walk off. The reporters follow him back toward the crime scene shouting questions until he ducks under the crime scene tape.
*
FBI agent Mac Price looked around at the crime scene at the Delta Motel. The victim had obviously been a prostitute. She had been strangled with a rope and had her left eye removed. Carter and his Rangers had done a good job processing the scene. There was nothing he could do here. He put away the notes he had been taking, left the room, and headed to his car. He would turn the file Carter had given him along with the notes he had taken over to this mysterious shadow guy, and hopefully, that would be the end of it. He didn’t like all this cloak and dagger shit.
He got in his car, took I-35 to the Valley Mills exit, and drove down to the Triangle Tower where the FBI’s Waco office was located. It was just a resident agency of the San Antonio field office. He turned into the parking garage, used his pass to get in, found a parking place, parked, grabbed his briefcase, and got out.
As he walked toward the elevators, he thought of all the things he could have been doing while he was out working a case that was not his. What was he going to tell his coworker about where he had been. About that time, a man in a hoodie stepped out from behind a large pole and said. “What do you have for me?” Price was startled and quickly turned to face the man. That’s when he realized that the man in the hoodie was the same man he had met on the bridge. “Damn, did you have to sneak up on me like that?” The man just looked at him and didn’t offer an answer. Price calms down and takes a few steps closer. “How did you get in here? This is a secure garage.” The man steps out of the shadows and says. “That’s a really dumb question,” he says.
Price takes his briefcase and puts it on the trunk of a car, and opens it. He takes out Carter’s file on the murders. “This is what Carter gave me this morning, and my notes on today’s murder.” He hands them to the man. When he reaches out to take them, he notices again that part of his little finger is missing on his left hand. He takes the file and briefly looks through them. The man looks up and says. “Is this all you got? I could have got this much from watching the news.” Price angrily looks back at him. “I got everything they have. What more do you want?” The man closes the file and says. “I want more than this. You’re as useless as tits on a bore hog. But your all I got, so stay on it. I will be in touch.” The man turns to walk off. Price shouts, “Fuck you! I’m done with this shit.” The man stops and slowly turns around and says. “It’s in your best interest to stay on it. I hear it’s cold in Alaska this time of year.” The man turns and walks off into the darkness.

CHAPTER 12
John Carter pulled into his driveway at home. It was almost 7 pm. He was late getting home. It didn’t look like anybody else was home. There were not any other cars there. He looked up to see Rocky, the squirrel, run across the roof of the house. Well, at least Rocky was home.
He got out and walked to the door and unlocked it, and went inside. He put his cowboy hat on the rack and sat down his briefcase. He walked into the bedroom and took his gun, and placed it in the safe. He then pulled his shoulder holster off and hung it up. He placed his badge on the nightstand, put his shirt in the dirty close hamper, and pulled on a sweatshirt.
Walking back through the kitchen, he stopped and got a soda out of the fridge. He then went out on the back porch and sat down. The peace and quiet was nice. It was the first time all day he had been able just to sit and not think. As he sat there, he saw Rocky climb down off the roof onto the fence. He got up and walked out to the shed and got a bag of sunflower seed and poured the last of them into the feeder. Before he could get back to his chair, Rocky was eating. He sat back down and opened his soda, and took a drink. He enjoyed watching Rocky.
He heard the back door open, and he turned to see Carolyn coming out onto the porch. “Hey, what you doing out here?” She says. He looks up at her. “I’m just enjoying the peace and quiet.” She pulls up a chair and sits down. “I had to drop Becky off at Jan’s.” She says. He takes a drink from his soda and then says. “They are out of school for spring break next week?” He asks. “Yes, and tomorrow.” She says. Carter nods. “Good, Tom is going to come with me and help with some stuff around the office next week.”
She looks over at him. “I saw you on the news. You need to work on your talking to reporters skills.” He takes a drink of his soda. “Was it really that bad?” She looks back at him. “Oh ya. It was that bad.”
They sit in silence for a few moments, and then she asks. “So, how is the case going?” He looks down and then back at her. “It’s going about as bad as it could. We got nothing to go on. He is not holding to any pattern. Most serial killers have a cooling-off period after a murder. This guy is on a spree, and he is not leaving us any evidence.” She reaches over and takes his hand. “I’m sure you will get a break soon.” She says. He looks back at her. “I hope so, real soon. I have looked at too many bodies this week.”
They sit there enjoying the quiet for a few more minutes when Carter says. “Rocky is out of sunflower seeds. Can you pick him some up next time you go to the store? He likes the big sunflower seeds, not the mixed bag seeds.” She stands up and gives him a hard look. “Ok, I will take care of your picky eating squirrel.” She goes into the house. Carter stands up and takes the last drink of soda. He looks over at Rocky, still eating sunflower seeds. Carter smiles. “I’m looking out for you, buddy.” He says as he turns and goes into the house.
*
(Later that night)
He sat there in his recliner watching the news on TV, finishing his 2nd Jack and coke. When he saw the report again about the Eye 35 killer, he was infuriated with Carter’s interview. So disrespectful and cocky, he was so sure he would make a mistake. He was going to play Carter like a fiddle. But first, he was going to make the asshole pay for not respecting him!
He stood up, he could feel the effects of the jack and coke, but that was ok. The fresh air would take care of that. He walked into his bedroom, put his boots and black hoodie on, walked into the bathroom, and looked into the mirror. Tonight was the night he would get the respect he deserved. He picked up the small jar of formaldehyde that contained Sunshines eye. He shook it till he could see her eye. He placed it back with the other and walked back into the bedroom and picked his gun up, and put it under his belt in the small of his back. Picking up the short cord rope, placing it under his belt, and putting his mask and gloves in the hoodie pocket. Pulling the hoodie up over his head as he walked out to the car.
As he droved down I-35, he was not sure where he would go. He had not planned to go out tonight, but Carter had disrespected him so badly, he felt like he had no choice. He took his exit and headed for South Waco Park. It was close to I-35. As he pulled into the parking lot and parked, he looked around. Not many people here this time of night. He watched as some joggers came by in a group of three. To many, they wouldn’t work. He waited and saw a woman jogging alone about 100 yards behind them. He watched as she jogged on the path right in front of him.
He started his van and drove down in front of them and parked again. He got out and put his mask and gloves on and pulled his hood up. He walked over and hid in the woods and waited. His excitement grew as he saw the group of three coming. He watched as they passed. He then moved closer to the path and got behind a big tree, and waited. As he peeked around the tree, he could see her coming. Waiting till just after she passed, he moved quickly up behind her and grabbed her, putting his arm around her neck and the other over her mouth. She struggled hard and, at one point, almost broke free. He lost his grip on her as they fell to the ground. She yelled. “Help!” He jumped back on top of her, slapped her hard, and then put his hand back over her mouth. He pulled the rope out of his belt and wrapped it around her neck. She still struggled. He was on top of her and had one arm pinned with his knee. He pulled the rope tight. She struggled as he cut off her air. She raised her free arm and sprayed him with what must have been mace. She missed his eyes as the spray hit the side of his head. It startled him, and he briefly loosened up on the rope. She managed to yell again. “Help me!” He hit her with his right fist, stunning her. He tightened back up on the rope and looked her in the eyes. “Show me some respect bitch!” He said as he watched the life leave her.
He knelt over the body and tried to catch his breath. One of his eyes started to burn. She must have gotten some in his eye. He tried to wipe his eye with his shirt sleeve. He stands up and hears a voice. “Hey, what’s going on.” He looks up to see a man standing about 30 feet away. He reaches and pulls the gun out of his belt and aims. The man’s eyes get big, and he tries to run as he fires. He hits the man in the back, and he falls to the ground. He walks up to the man, trying to crawl away. “I’m sorry, you should have minded your own business.” He says as he shoots the man again.
He looks around, his eyes still burning. Somebody must have heard those shots. He had to move fast. He moved quickly back to the girl’s body, picked her up, carried her back to his van, and put her inside. He got in the van and sped away. As he exited the park, he could see a police car enter. Somebody had reported the shots.
He got back on I-35. This had been a difficult one. But he had just the place to dump this body and show Carter up. As he pulled up the dumpsite, he looked around. He got out and walked around and opened the side van door. He grabbed the body by the hair of the head and lifted it up. He then took out his knife, removed the left eye, placed it in his handkerchief, and put it in his hoodie pocket. He picked her up and carried her over, and placed her at the foot of the Texas Rangers statue on a horse with the Texas flag in front of the Texas Ranger Museum. He placed the body as he wanted. He took out a small piece of paper and placed it in her mouth. That should get Carter’s attention!
*
The next morning John Carter is finishing up breakfast. He takes his last drink of coffee and gets up, and puts his plate in the sink. Carolyn is working in Waco today, so she has already left. No school today, so Becky is still sleeping, and Tom better be getting ready because he is coming in with him today to do some filing work.
He walks back to Tom’s Room and knocks on the door, and then enters. He finds Tom half-dressed with one boot on, lying on the bed. He reached down and shook Tom’s leg. He jumps awake. “Dad, what are you doing?” Carter looks down at his son. “I’m leaving in five minutes. You better get a move on.” Tom sits up. “I’m coming. I was just taking a little power nap.” He says. Carter shakes his head and smiles. “You don’t take a power nap right after you get up.” Tom puts his other boot on. “Who made that rule.” He says. Carter turns to leave. “I will be waiting in the car.” As he walks out, Tom shouts. “What about breakfast? It’s the most important meal of the day.” Carter shouts back. “I have eaten. You better hope Jess brings some donuts.”
Tom finishes getting dressed and joins his father in the car. On the drive to Waco, Carter looks over at Tom. “Have you done anymore looking at schools?” he asks. Tom shrugs. “I don’t know. Mom and Becky have been working on that.”He says. “You know you have a say in it too,” Carter said. Tom looks over at his Dad. “Well, I think Becky wants to go to Texas Tech, so I guess that’s where we will go.” Carter looks down the road and says. “Well, that’s Becky. Where do you want to go? Nothing says you both have to go to the same place.” Tom turns and gives his Dad a shocked look. “Tech is in Lubbock. That’s a four-hour drive. We can’t be that far away from Becky. What if she needed something. I have to be there to take care of her. I am her older brother.” Carter smiles. “You are a whopping 4 minutes older.” Tom nods and says. “I learned a lot in those 4 minutes.”
When they got to F Company headquarters, they parked and went upstairs. They entered the office to find that most of Carter’s team was already there. “Good morning,” Carter said. “You know my son Tom. He is going to be doing some intern work around here. So please keep him busy.” Tom gives everybody a weak smile.
They all follow him into his office. Rangers James, Martin, North, and Hooks all come in and take a seat in front of Carter’s desk. “Tom, can you get some coffee going?” Carter asks. “Sure thing Dad,” Tom says, rolling his eyes. Martin looks at his notepad and says. “There was a man shot and killed in South Waco Park last night.” Carter looks over at him. “Do we have anything that might connect it to our guy?” He asks. “No,” Martin says. “Not right now, but I’m keeping an eye on it.” “Good. Do we have anything new on Kay Harris or also known as Sunshine?” Carter asks. North pulls out his notepad. “She did have drugs in her system. She also had several semen samples from different donors. We are getting that sorted out,” North says. Carter writes down some notes. “I doubt any of those semen samples will be our killer, but we have to follow up on it anyway.”
Pam Carr comes walking into the office. “Ranger Carter.” She says. “Waco P.D. called. They found another body at the Texas Ranger Museum. It’s definitely our killer.” Carter stands up. “Damit.” He says. “Get your stuff, let's get over there.”
They start walking out of the office, Tom follows. “Where are you going? Carter asks. Tom stops and says. “I’m going with yall to the crime scene.” Carter shakes his head. “No, you’re not going.” Tom frowns. “But Dad, It’s a chance for me to learn.” He says. Carter pauses for a moment. “Ok, but you stay behind the crime scene tape till we say it’s ok.” He says. “Sure thing, Dad,” Tom says as they walk out of the office.
When they arrived at the crime scene, Carter got out and looked around. The Texas Ranger Museum. The killer was sending a clear message with this. He walked up to the tape he saw FBI agent Price waiting for him. Price looked at Carter. “I heard you had another one.” Price said. Carter looks back at him. “Looks like it. You want to join us?” He said. “Sure.” Price says, holding up the tape for Carter and his team to duck under. As they walk up, they see the famous statue of the Ranger on horseback with the Texas flag, then underneath is another dead body of a young girl with her left eye removed.
Ranger Martin starts taking pictures. A Waco police Sergeant walks up to them. “We were told to touch nothing and hold the scene for you.” He says. Carter turns to him. “Thank you, Sergeant. Is Detective Neal around?” Carter asks. “No.” The Sargeant says. “He was called back into work the murder at the park last night. Detective Peterson is on leave.” Carter kneels down, looking at the body, and says. “Thank you, Sergeant. We will take it from here.”
Carter takes a long look at the body. She had been strangled just like the others. He had used a small cord rope like the others except the first. That one, he used his hands. He was back to dumping the body. He now had a feeling that the murder in the park might be connected, maybe more collateral damage. He reaches down and picks up her arm. There was a smell on her skin, mace. She must have sprayed him. Then he saw it. Pulling her hand up close for a good look. Hair around her fingernails. Several stands, this might be our first break.
James kneels down on the other side of the body. “What you got, Pops?” She said. He looks up at her. “Hair around her fingers.” He says. James pulls an evidence bag out of her pocket, takes some tweezers, pulls the hair loose, and puts it in the bag. She seals the bag and looks over at him. “We got this son of a bitch, Pops.” She says. “Hopefully, we will get some DNA, and it will be in our system.”
James puts the bag in her pocket and then notices something. The victim’s mouth was open, and she could see something inside. “Hey Pops, I think she has something in her mouth.” She reached down and pushed down on her chin, opened her mouth wider, reaching in with the tweezers, and pulled out a folded piece of paper. She unfolds it and reads what is written. Her eyes get big as she shows it to Carter. It says, Carter, now you’re going to pay for disrespecting me. Below that line was the name, Carolyn Carter.
Carter stands up. “Finish up here!” He says and starts running toward his car. As he ducks under the crime scene tape, he sees Tom. “Tom, let’s go!” He shouts as he runs to the vehicle as confused Tom follows. “What’s going on, Dad?” Tom asks as he gets in. Carter pulls the car out and heads down the road. He then says. “The killer left a note, threatening your Mom” Tom gives him a shocked look and reaches down and flips the lights and sirens on. “Step on it, Dad.”
As Carter pulls away, FBI agent Mac Price walks out to his car. He had seen all he needed to see here. He gets in and reaches in his pocket for his keys when he hears a familiar voice behind him. Price is startled and looks over in the back seat and sees the mysterious no-name man in the shadows. “How the hell did you get in here? The car was locked.” He asks. “You are just full of stupid questions. What did you find out?” Price turns back around and faces forward and says. “Ya, it’s the same killer. He is getting cocky, dumps her here at the museum, and left a note for Carter threatening his wife. Price then hears the back door open and close, and the man was gone. “Your welcome.” Price said.
Carter turns the car down the street of Carolyn’s real estate office. “She is still not answering her phone,” Tom says. Carter pulls over to the curb, and they both quickly get out and run to the door. Several people inside look startled as they rush in. They both look around and don’t see her. “Mom!” Tom yells.
Carolyn comes walking out of an office and looks over at them. “John, Tom, what are you doing here?” Tom runs over and grabs her. “I’m so glad you’re ok.” He says. She hugs him back and looks over at Carter. “What’s going on, John?” He gives her a quick hug and says. “There was another murder this morning, and he left a note for me, threatening you.” She looks at Carter. “Oh my gosh, John.” She says.
Carter looks around the office and sees several people watching them. “Is there someplace we can talk?” He asks. She walks them into an office and closes the door behind them. They all sit down. Carter then asks. “Did you see anything out of the ordinary?” Carolyn shakes her head. “No, nothing. Just a boring morning. I was fixing to go show a property.” Carter reaches over and takes her hand. “Ok, for now, you’re staying with us.”
*
(The Carter home, Groesbeck Tx)
25 minutes later
Becky Carter was putting a load of laundry in the wash. She had slept late and was enjoying being home alone. The quiet was amazing. She would get something to eat and kick back and watch what she wanted on the big TV in the living room and not have to fight with Tom or Dad over the remote. She reached into the fridge and grabbed a soda. When she turned around, she was shocked and frightened to see a man dressed in black with a mask and hoodie looking at her. The man said. “I came for your Mom, but you will do just as well.”

CHAPTER 13
Becky starts to run for the back door, she gets there, and the door is locked. As she tries to open the door, the man grabs her from behind and carries her back into the kitchen. She struggles hard and gives him a hard elbow to the guy and breaks free. She starts running, and he tackles her. She struggles, but he has his full weight on her now. He turns her over on her back, takes the rope out from under his belt, and puts it around her neck. As he pulls it tight, he leans closer and looks into her terrified eyes. “Your Dad is going to show me some fucking respect!” He pulls the rope tighter and cuts off her air. She begins to lose consciousness and she sees a shadow behind the man. His head jerks back, and he falls off of her. She then sees another man standing over her.
He reaches down with his left hand and takes the rope off her neck. She starts to regain her senses. The man helps her to her feet. “Run down the street to your uncles and call the police.” He says. She stands there, still confused. “Go now, hurry.” He says.
She takes off running out the door and down the street to her Uncle Brian’s house. When she gets there, she tries to open the door, but it is locked. She beats on the door, and her Aunt Sarah opens the door. “Becky, what’s wrong?” Sarah says. Becky grabs Sarah and says. “Somebody tried to kill me!” Sarah pulls her inside and locks the door. Brian comes out of his office. “What’s going on?” He asks. Sarah turns to him. “Becky’s says somebody tried to kill her.” Brian moves closer and sees the rope burn marks on Becky’s neck. He pulls his phone out and calls 911.
*
(Carolyn’s office, Waco TX)
Carter and Tom waited for Carolyn to make a few calls before taking her back to F Company headquarter. Tom gets up and starts pacing around the office. He takes his phone out and makes a call. No answer. He walks over to Carter. “Dad, we have to get home and check on Becky.” He says. Carter looks up at him. “Call her.” He says. Tom gets an angry look. “I have tried. She is not answering. You don’t understand. Something is wrong. I can feel it!” Carter looks at him, confused. “What do you mean, you can feel it?” He asks. “Dad, It’s hard to explain. It’s a twin thing. I can feel what she is feeling. We got to go now.”
Carter gets Carolyn, and they all get in his car and start driving to Groesbeck. Thirty minutes later, they pull onto their street and see two Groesbeck Police cars and a Sheriff Department car parked in front and across from their house. “Oh my gosh!” Carolyn says as they stop and get out. They are met in the yard by Groesbeck Police Chief Joe Jordan. “Is Becky alright?” Carter asks. “Yes, She is down the street at your brother’s.” Chief Jordon says. Carter turns to Carolyn and Tom and says. “Go check on her.” He says as they turn and quickly head down the street to Brian’s house.
Carter turns back to Jordan. “What happened?” He asks. “We haven’t talked to Becky yet, But we got the call from Brian. He said a man in your home attacked Becky. He tried to choke her, she somehow got away and ran down to Brian’s. They both turn and walk into the house and find another Groesbeck Policeman and Sheriff Greg Roberts, and Deputy Billy Hayes. Roberts walks over and meets Carter. “You find anything?” Carter asks. Roberts turns and points to a small cord rope on the floor. “We think this is what he used on her.” Carter kneels down and takes a close look at the rope on the floor. “I’m sure this is the rope he has used to kill several women in Waco. This is connected to my case. I will have my people come to collect it.”
The Groesbeck Policeman’s eyes get big. “So this is the work of the Eye 35 Killer?” He said. Carter looks over his shoulder at him. “Yes, I’m afraid so.” Chief Jordan gives the young cop an annoyed look and says. “Why don’t you go talk to some of the Neighbors.” “Yes sir.” The cop says, leaving the room.
Carter stands up and faces Roberts and Jordon. “You ok? John.” Roberts says. Carter nods. “Yes, but I will be a lot better when we catch this son of a bitch. He has gone after my little girl now. He has made it personal.” he says. Jordan puts his left hand on Carter’s shoulder. “Calm down John, look at it like any other case.” He said. Carter nods. “Your right Joe, I need to go talk to Becky.”
Carter turns and walks out of the house. His brother Brian had lived just three houses down and across the street. On the way, he called James and got her to head over here and help out while the other finished up there.
When he got to Brian’s house, he didn’t knock. He just opened the door and went inside. He saw Brian and walked up to him. “How is she?” Carter asks. “She is going to be ok. She has some rope burns on her neck, and she is shaken up. We are going to take her to the ER to get her checked out.” Brian says. “Good, Thank you for being here for her brother. Is she is in the bedroom?” He asks. “Yes, Carolyn and Sarah and Tom are with her.” Brain said.
Carter walked down to the bedroom and opened the door inside. He found Becky sitting on the bed with Carolyn on one side and Sarah on the other with Tom standing to the side. Becky jumped up and hugged her Dad. “I was so scared, Daddy.” She says. He holds her tight. “I know, sweetheart,” he said. Carter looks over at the others in the room and says. “Can I have a few minutes alone with Becky? Carolyn and Sarah and Tom say nothing. They just leave the room.
Carter and Becky sit down on the bed. He takes her hand and says, “I need you to tell me exactly what happened.” She shakes her head and wipes away a tear. “I was in the kitchen getting a soda out of the fridge. I turned around, and there was this man dressed in black with a mask on. He says, I wanted your mother, but you will do. I start running for the back door, but it was locked, and he caught me and pulled me back into the kitchen. I elbowed him in the gut and got away, but he ran me down and threw me to the ground and put this rope around my neck, and rolled me over on my back. He said something about you showing him some respect. He pulled the rope tight. I couldn’t breathe.” She started crying, and Carter put his arm around her. “How did you get free?” He asks. She looks over at him. “He fell off of me, and another man was standing behind him.” Carter looks surprised. “Another man? What did this man look like?” Carter asks. She looks down and tries to remember. “He was a white man dressed in a black hoodie.” She says. Carter pauses for a moment and then asks. “What did this man do then?” He asks. She closes her eyes, trying to think. “He reached down and pulled the rope off my neck.” She then opens her eyes and turns to Carter. “His left hand, He was missing half of his little finger and the end of his ring finger.” She says. Carter nods. “Ok, then what happened?” He asks. She looks back at him. “He helped me to my feet and said for me to run to my Uncle Brian’s and call the police. So I ran to Uncle Brian’s.” Carter looks confused. “You’re sure he called Brian by name?” He asks. “Yes.” She said.
Carter puts his arm around her and pulls her tight, and kisses her on the top of the head. “It’s going to be ok, sweetheart.” He says as there is a knock on the door. Carolyn opens the door and is followed by an EMT. Carter looks up at them and then back to Becky. “This man is going to check you out. If you think of anything else, you let me know.” He says. “I will, Daddy.” She says.
Carter gets up and walks out of the bedroom. He sees Brian. “We need to talk,” Carter says. Brian then leads him into his office and closes the door behind them. Carter turns to face his brother. “Becky says the killer was on top of her, and a 2nd man hit him and helped her escape. The man told her to run to her Uncle Brian’s house and call the Police. Somehow this guy knew your name and where you live.” Brian looks surprised. “Who was it?” Brian asks. “I don’t know,” Carter says, pulling his 38 revolver out of his holster and turning it butt first, showing the J.D.C. on the butt. “Take Papaw’s gun till all this is over with. Both our families are in danger.” Brian shakes his head. “Thank you, Brother, but Papaw gave you that gun for a reason. Because that was your path, your tool to make the world a better place.” Brian walks over to his desk and picks up his bible. “He gave me a tool too.” He holds the bible up and shows the name on the front. John David Carter. “We both need to use the tools that he gave us.” Carter puts his Papaw’s gun back in his holster and hugs his brother. “I will be praying for both of us and our family’s. God won’t let us down,” Brian said.
*
(2 days later)
Carter and Tom were on their way to work. Capitan Morris had made him take off yesterday after what had happened with Becky and his family. So he had worked from home. His team was running the hair DNA they recovered from the last murder. He hoped they would get a hit on it today. He needed a break on this case. The stress was bad enough with all the press hounding him. Now he had gone after his family. He needed to catch this psychopath and end this.
They pulled into the parking garage and parked, and headed up to the offices. All of his team was already there when they walked in. “Morning, Pops,” James said. “How is Becky?” James and all the other Rangers on his staff walked up to them. “She is doing about as well as can be expected. Carolyn stayed home with her today. The Sheriff’s department sent a deputy over to keep an eye out.” He said. “That’s good,” James says.
They all follow Carter into his office. James turns and hands her coffee cup to Tom. “Coffee please.” She says with a smile. Tom smiles back. “Anything for you.” He says.
Carter turns to face all of them. “So where are we at?” Ranger Martin speaks up and says. “We have the DNA back and are fixing to start running it through our databases. If he is in our system, we will get a hit.” “Good,” Carter says. “Let me know the moment you have anything, and keep working any other angle you might have.” They start walking out of the office. Tom hands James her coffee. “Thank you.” She says. Tom smiles. “Your welcome.” She turns back to Tom. “Hey, I left my phone at home. I might send you over to my apartment to get it later if you don’t mind.” She says. He smiles. “Sure thing.” He says.
They work for the next few hours and then gather in Carter’s office to give him an update. Ranger Pam Carr, their Tech person, steps into the office and says. “Ranger James, Your parents are here to see you.” James turns around and gives Carr a look of panic. “My parents! Like my Mom and Dad?”James asks. Car nods. “Yes, that’s what I understood. They are going through security now.” James turns and sees Carter, Martin, Hooks, and North staring at her. “Is there a problem, Jess?” Carter asks. James’s eyes get big. “Well, my parents think I’m dating somebody I work with.” They all give her a cold stare. “Why would they think that? Carter asks.” She looks at the door and then back at him. “I got tired of them pressuring me about living alone and finding somebody and getting married. So to get them off my back, I told them I was seeing somebody. I figured by the time I saw them again. I would have somebody. But I have been kinda busy.” They all look at each other and laughed. She gives them a hard look. “This is not funny. I have come up with a plan.” She looks at Carter. “You’re too married.” She turns to Martin. “Your too bald.” To North, “They will never buy that mustache.” To Hooks, “Sorry you’re too chubby.” She looks around. “What am I going to do?” She looks through the window into the bullpen and sees Tom at the file cabinet. She shakes her head. No, I cant. Then she looks back at the men in the room with her. Desperate times call for desperate measures. She goes to the door and yells. “Tom, get in here!” Tom comes walking into the office. She looks him over. He is 18, but he looks 21. Maybe it will work. She looks at him. “My parents are coming up, and I need an emergency boyfriend.” Tom smiles real big. “I’m your man.” She walks over to Carter, pulls him up out of his chair, and takes his sports coat off. “I need to borrow this.” She says, handing it to Tom. “Put this on.” She says. Tom Puts the sport coat on as she walks over to the hat rack and picks up Carter’s Siverbelly Stetson cowboy hat. She puts it on Tom’s head and steps back, and looks at him. It just might work. She looks at him. “Ok, just give my Dad a firm handshake and let me do the talking.” Tom nods. “Got it.” He says.
Tom looks up and sees a beautiful red-headed woman and a tall, dark-haired man walk into the office. James smiles. “Mom, Dad. What are you doing here?” She says, walking up and hugging them both. Stepping back, the woman says. “Your father had a business meeting at the last minute in San Antonio, and on the way through, we wanted to stop and see how you were doing. We tried to call but got no answer.” James looks back at her Mom. “I left my phone at home this morning.” She says.
Her Mom and Dad both then look past her to Tom. Tom smiles as he reaches to shakes her Dad’s hand. says. “Mr. and Mrs. James, it’s so good to meet you finally. I’m Thomas Carter. Jess has told me so much about you.” He reaches and shakes her Mom’s hand. “But she didn’t say how beautiful her Mom was.” Mrs. James smiles big. “Oh, thank you,” she says. Tom looks at them and says. “So, how long are you going to be in town?” Tom asks. “We got a room here in Waco for the night and then going down to San Antonio in the morning.” Mrs. James says. Tom raises his hands up. “That’s great.” He says, putting his arm around Jess and pulling her close. “We can all have dinner tonight. I can’t wait to hear all of those stories about Jess growing up.” Mrs. James smiles. “That would be great.” She said. Tom smiles. “So it’s settled then.” He says. Jess turns to Tom and says. “Thomas, Don’t you have to work late tonight? She asks. Tom looks back at her. “Didn’t I tell you, Hun? They changed that. I’m as free as a bird.” He says, smiling big at her. Mrs. James says. “Great, we are going to go settle in at the hotel, and we will call you later. We know you are busy. It was so nice meeting you, Thomas.” Tom reaches out and shakes their hands again. “It was nice meeting you too. Looking forward to dinner.” He says. They both hug Jess again, and they watch them leave.
Tom then turns to Jess, “I think they like me.” He says. She turns to him and gives him a stern look. “I am so going to kill you! I said, let me do the talking.” He shrugs. “I was just trying to make a good impression.” She shakes her head. “Now thanks to you. We have to carry off this charade for an entire dinner!” Tom smiles. “Well ya, and when you look at me. You need to show some love in your eyes. Just saying.”
She opens her mouth to say something else. When she hears, Ranger Martin calls out. “We have a hit on the DNA. She looks at Tom. “We will finish this later.” They follow Martin into Carter’s office and are joined by Rangers North and Hooks. When they all get in there, Martin looks around. “You’re not going to believe it.” He says. Carter gives him a confused look. “What is it, Martin?” He asks. Martin hands the paper to Carter, who looks at it. James then asks. “Who is it, Pops?” Carter pauses for a moment and then says. The DNA recovered from the hair we found in the victim’s hand at the Ranger museum was Detective Roy Peterson.”

CHAPTER 14
Carter and his team just looked at each other in shock. Ranger Hooks then says. “What the fuck! That son of a bitch played us from the inside. No wonder we didn’t have any leads. He knew what we would be looking for.” Ranger North then looks over at Carter. “Is there a chance we could have some cross-contamination?” Carter shakes his head. “No. Peterson was not on sight of this murder. I was told he was on leave for some personal reason.” Ranger Martin turns to Carter. “How do you want to handle this, Boss? Do we keep Waco P.D. in the loop? He asks. Carter pauses for a moment and then says. “We don’t have any choice. They use the same lab as we do. You can bet that the results were leaked back to them as soon as they came in. I will talk to Captain Barton. In the meantime, we need to get a search warrant for his place. As soon as we get it, we go. I don’t want him getting tipped off. So everybody get ready.” As they start to leave the office, James says. “We are on it, Pops.”
*
Detective Jeff Neal pulls up in front of Roy Peterson’s house. He notices his wife Jane’s car was parked in the driveway, and Roy’s car was gone. He wondered what was going on. He got out and reached into the back seat and pulled out a bag and carried it up to the door, and knocked. Jane answered the door. “Jeff, how are you? come in.” Neal entered. “Hey Jane, I didn’t expect to find you here.” She looked over at him and smiled. “Yes, Roy and I were going to call and tell you. We are getting back together.” She said. They walk into the living room, and Neal turns to her. “Where is Roy?” He asks. “He went to pick us up something for lunch. Let me call and get him to bring you something.” Neal turns back to her. “No, that won’t be necessary.” He said. “Can I get you something to drink? She asks. “No, thank you.”
Neal pauses and then says. “Why would you go back to him? He hits you. He treats you like shit! Why would you want that?” She looks down and then says. “He says that won’t happen again. I have to give my marriage every chance. for Danny’s sake, he loves his father and I really want to make it work.”
Neal gives her a stern look. “You dumb bitch! He treats you like shit, and you just come back for more. I treated my wife like a queen, and she left me for another man and took my son. I never got another chance. I was good to her. He fucking beats you up and you go back to him!” Her eyes get big as she starts to back away. “Jeff, I’m sorry she did you like that.” She says. His anger grows. “You’re sorry! You’re fucking sorry. I set you up to be free of this fucker forever, and you have to go and fuck everything up!’ He yells.
She starts to run, but he quickly catches her and grabs her by the hair and slaps her hard, and her nose starts bleeding. “You dumb bitch! You don’t deserve to live. You are no better than him.” He slaps her again. She cries out. “Please, Jeff.” He pulls her up and makes her look him in the eyes. “Your going to show me some fucking respect now bitch!” He puts his hand around her neck and squeezes hard, and cuts off her windpipe. First, she struggles hard, then she starts to weaken, and then he watches the life leave her. He drops her to the floor and stands over her. He had always enjoyed the feeling of power he felt afterward. He looked down on her. “You dumb bitch.”
He needed to work fast. Peterson could be home any minute. He picked up his bag and walked out into the garage, and enters Peterson’s home office. He sat the bag down on the desk, opened it up, took out some gloves, and put them on. He then reached in and pulled out the bottles of eyes he had taken from his victims. He gave them one final look. He had enjoyed having their eyes. The feeling he got when he looked at them. But now he must give them up. All part of the bigger picture. After placing the eyes on the shelf, he took out some newspaper clipping about the murders and tapped them to the wall in front of the desk.
He heard a car pull up outside. He walked out of the office out into the garage, and looked out the window. It was Peterson. He watched as he got out of the car, got what looked like a bag of food out, and started walking toward the garage. He usually entered the house that way. He opened the door and entered and saw Neal. “Hey, Jeff.” He said. “I saw the squad car. What are you doing here?” Neal looks back at him and says. “I just came by to check on you.” Peterson walks closer. “Oh great, I picked up some chicken for Jane and I. I’m sure we have enough for you too.” Neal smiles. “Ya thanks.” He says.
Did she tell you we are getting back together?” Peterson asks. Neal looks at him, and his smile disappears as he pulls his gun. “Ya, she told me, and I have a problem with that.” Peterson gives him a shocked look as he looks at the gun. “Jeff, what’s going on?” He asks, sitting down the bag of chicken. Neal takes a few steps closer. “What’s going on. I will tell you what’s going on. Why would she come back to a wife-beating asshole like you? Neal said. Peterson puts his hands up. “Ok, Jeff, let’s talk about this. Why don’t you just put the gun down.” He said. Neal smirks. “That’s not going to happen, asshole.” Peterson frowns. “Ware is Jane?” Neal shakes his gun in anger. “She is in the fucking house.” He says. “Is she ok?” Peterson asks. “In the office,” Neal says. Peterson leads the way, and they enter the office. Neal walks over to his bag, takes out two zip ties, and hands one to Peterson. “Strap yourself to that computer chair.” Peterson sits down and straps his left arm to the chair. Neal then moves over and staps his right arm to the chair.
“Ware is Jane? I want to see her.” Peterson says. Neal steps back. “I’m afraid that’s not going to happen. She fucked things up by taking you back. Peterson then starts to struggle in his chair when he notices the clipping on the wall and the jars on the shelf. “Oh my God.” He says. “What is this?” Neal walks over and looks at the jars. “It’s your trophies, Roy.” Peterson looks at him in horror. “You killed those women?” Neal walks up close to him and says. “No, I didn’t kill them. You did Roy! You’re the Eye 35 Killer, and I’m going to stop you. I’m going to be a hero. My wife and son are going to be proud of me, and they are going to come home, and we are going to be a family again.” Peterson just looks at him. “Your crazy!” He says. Neal walks up to him, takes his gun, and hits him over the head, and Peterson slumps down senseless. “Shut the fuck up,” Neal says.
*
Ranger Jessica James comes walking into Carter’s office. “We got the search warrant and are ready to go.” Carter stands up. “Good.” He says, walking over and picking up his bulletproof vest and putting it on. “Waco P.D. here to back us up?” Carter asks as he puts on his Ranger windbreaker over his vest. “Yes, they are here, Pops.” She said. He walks toward her. “Good. Captain Barton was not happy when I called him about Peterson,” he said.
They walk out of the office and are joined by Rangers Martin, Hooks, and North, along with FBI agent Price. Carter stops and looks over them. “Are we ready?” He asks. “We are ready, Boss,” Martin says. They head down to their cars and head out, with Carter and James taking the lead car. James turns to Carter. “Why do you think Peterson did it?” She asks. “I don’t know,” Carter says. “Could be a lot of things. But first, we got to bring him in and then try to figure out why.” James nods, and there was a moment of silence, and then she asks. “The man that saved Becky, the missing finger guy. How does he figure into all of this?” Carter briefly glances over at her. “Now that one has me stumped. I got no idea who he is. I’m just glad he did what he did.” He says. “Ya me too,” James says as they pull onto Peterson’s street.
Driving up to the house, they see Detective Jeff Neal’s car parked out front. “What the hell is he doing here, and how did he get here before us?” Carter asks. “I don’t know, Pops. None of us called him.” They park and get out, as do the others. Carter looks at them. “Looks like Neal is already here. North and Hooks take the back, James and Martin, you are with me.”
They started toward the house when they heard a gunshot coming from the garage area. They all move quickly to the side door of the garage. They all draw their weapons, and Carter looks around to see if they were all ready. He turns to Martin and nods, Martin then kicks the door open, and Carter enters, followed by the rest of his team. “Texas Rangers.” He shouts as they look around the garage. “In here.” A voice coming from a side room. Carter slowly enters the room to find Detective Neal standing over Detective Peterson’s body with his gun drawn. The team all move into the room as Neal lowers his weapon. Ranger Martin bends down and checks Peterson for a pulse. He looks up at Carter. “He is dead.”
Carter turns to Rangers North and Hooks. “Secure the rest of the house.” He says as they turn to leave. Carter turns back to Neal. “What happened?” He asks. Neal puts his gun away and looks down at Peterson. “I got a call from Captain Barton. He told me about the DNA match to Peterson and that you were getting a search warrant. So I was going to come over to watch in case he tried to run. When I got here, I saw Jane’s car in the driveway. I was afraid he might kill her. So I entered through the garage to find that he had already killed her and was packing up to leave. He pulled a gun on me, and I shot him.” Carter looks around. “Did he say anything? Carter asks. “No,” Neal says. “But look around. It’s clear that he was the killer.”
Carter puts some gloves on and looks at the newspaper clipping on the wall. He then picks up one of the jars and looks at it. He is startled to see eyes inside them. He sits the jar back down. “Yes, It seems so,” Carter says. North then comes into the room. “Boss, we found another body, a female.” Carter turns to Martin. “Get pictures of everything.”
Carter and James then follow North into the house to the other body. Carter looks down on the body, a female, most likely Jane Peterson. From the looks of it, she had been strangled. It looks like he used his hands. She had a bloody nose. She had put up a fight. He didn’t take her eye, but this one was more personal. “She have an ID on her?” Carter asks. “Not that we have found yet,” North said. Detective Neal then says. “I can positively ID her. She is Jane Peterson.”
Carter takes a closer look at her neck. He looks back up a James. “Looks like blood from her nose dripped on her neck, and our killer left a print. Get some pictures of it and get it lifted.” He said. “I got it, Pops.” She says. Carter walks over to one of the bags they had brought in and takes out a large evidence bag, and walks over to Neal. “We are going to need your gun.” Neal takes out his gun and puts it in the bag. “You really going to take the time to process that print. You know who killed her.” Neal said. Carter zips and closes the bag and gives him a surprised look. “Of course, we are going to process it. Its evidence like everything else.” Carter says.
Carter does a walk through the rest of the house and looked around. Nothing else seemed out of place. James and Neal walk up to him. “I got the print, Pops.” She says. “Good,” Carter responds. “Why don’t you take it and Neal’s gun back to the lab and get them started on it. Neal can meet you there, and you can take his written statement. Then you can get out of there and go have dinner with your parents.” He says. She looks back at him. “Thanks, Pops, but we have a lot to do here still.” He hands her Neal’s gun. “We can handle it here. Go have a good time with your parents.” She takes the gun and smiles. “Thanks, Pops.” She turns and walks away. Carter then turns to Neal. “Meet her at our office and give her your statement. Nothing more you can do here.” Neal nods. “Ya sure.” He says, walking off.
Neal follows James outside and watches as she gets into her squad car. He hurries out, gets into his car, takes his other gun out of the glove box, and puts it in his holster. When she pulls out, he pulls out behind her.
Inside, Carter keeps looking around. Something is not right about this. Many people are working. His team, Waco Police, The Medical Examiner, FBI agent Price has been walking around. He walks back out to the office in the garage. The Medical Examiner is done with him, and they are bringing in a gurney to remove the body.
Carter looks around the room and says. “I need everybody to stop what they are doing and give me the room.” Everybody just stops and looks at him, but nobody moves. Carter starts to get a little angry. “I need you to get out!” He says in a more forceful voice. Carter then says. “I need Martin, Hooks, and North in here. Everybody leaves the room but the three Rangers. “What’s going on, Boss?” Martin asks. “There is something not right about this.” Carter walks over and kneels down next to Peterson’s body. He runs his hands through the hair on his head. “Look, the hair on his head is much shorter than the hair we recovered from the last victim.” He says. North looks down at Carter and says. “Maybe he got a haircut?” He asks. Carter then turns Peterson’s head. “The hair on his neck is grown out. This is not a fresh haircut.” Carter then rolls the body upon its side. “Look at this. The exit wound is about two inches lower than the entrance. This means he was shot sitting down. Neal said he turned and faced him with a gun.” Carter stands up and walks over to the chair. “Look blood on the back of the chair like somebody was sitting in it.” Carter walks over to the desk. “We found a 9mm gun in his hand.” He points to several boxes of gun shells on the desk. “Not a single box of 9mm shells.” Carter then looks around at his men. “And most important,” Carter said. “When Neal pulled up, he said Jane Peterson’s car was in the driveway. He said he was afraid that he would hurt her so he entered the garage and found him in the office and he was too late he had already killed her. Peterson pulled a gun on him, and he killed him. We heard the shot. He was still standing over him when we got in here. How did he know that he had already killed her? He had never been in the house.”
Carter looks at them all, nodding in agreement. “I think you are right, Boss,” Martin said. Carter looks at North and Hooks. “Yall finish up here. Martin, you’re with me. I think I might have sent James to take a statement from our killer!”
*
Jessica James pulled into the parking lot of her apartment. She had forgotten her phone this morning, and with all that had gone on today, she had not had time to get it. She wanted to check and see if there were any more messages from her parents. They had wanted her to go to dinner with them, and because Tom had run his mouth, she was going to have to deal with him too. She should probably just come clean with her parents about Tom. But that would open up a whole new can of worms. Maybe she could just get through it. But with Tom and his mouth, it was just like waiting for a bomb to go off. There was no good way to get out of this.
She got out and grabbed the bag that had Neal’s gun and the fingerprint in it. She didn’t want to break the chain of custody. She unlocked her door and went inside. She needed to hurry and get down to the office. She wanted to finish up the paperwork, and she didn’t want to keep Neal waiting for her.
She walked into her bedroom and picked up her phone. Yep a message from Mom, telling her how much they liked Tom and looked forward to getting to know him better. She put her phone in her pocket. She had really messed things up.
She walks back into the living room and is startled to see Detective Neal standing there. “Detective Neal, what are you doing here?” She asks. He gives her a stern look and pulls his gun out. “What’s going on!” He walks toward her and takes her gun, and puts it behind his back under his belt. He steps back, pointing the gun at her. “You just had to fuck everything up.” He says. She looks at him. “I don’t know what you’re talking about?” She says. He walks up to her. “Turn around.” He says. She turns, and he takes his handcuffs out of his belt. “Put your hands behind your back.” He said. He then puts his cuffs on her one hand at a time, with the other hand keeping the gun in her back. He then jerked her around, looking her in the eyes. “You want to know what this is about? It’s about you showing me some fucking respect! If it weren’t for you and Carter, this would have all worked out. I could have gotten my family back. I would have been a hero and gotten rid of that sleaze bag Peterson too.”
She looked over at him. She had to calm him down and get control of the situation and buy her some time. “Jeff, I understand how hard it’s been for you. Let’s talk about this?” He looks at her angrily. “Don’t try to talk me down. I have had that training too. I know what you are doing.” He says. He pulls her over to the couch and sits her down. “Ware is that fingerprint?” He asks. “It’s in the bag on the table.” He walks over, opens the bag, takes out the card the fingerprint has been put on, and puts it in his pocket. He walks back over to her. “Ok, now what do I do with you?”
They hear a knock on the door. “Are you expecting anybody?” Neal asks. James shakes her head. “No.” She says. He pulls her to her feet. “Get rid of them!” He walks her to the door and opens it just a little for her to show her head. James is shocked to see Tom. “Hey, Jess.” He says as he pushes past her into the apartment. His eyes get big as he sees Neal holding a gun on him and Jess handcuffed. “Oh, bad time.” He says. Neal pushes the door closed. “Well, who do we have? Young Carter.” He says. Tom looks over at James and says. “What’s going on, Jess?” He asks. She looks at him. “I think I found the guy your Dad has been looking for.” Tom gets a sinking feeling. “Oh boy.” He says. Neal then looks at him. “Turn around.” He says. Tom turns, and Neal hits him over the head with his gun. Tom falls to the floor. “Don’t hurt him!” James shouts. He puts her down on the floor, takes the handcuffs out of her belt, and puts them on, Tom. He pulls her to her feet and leads her into her bedroom.
He starts to shove her down on the bed, but she kicks and takes one leg out from under him, sending him to the floor. She starts to run, but he catches one of her legs and pulls her down. He rolls her over on her back and slaps her hard. He raises up off of her and she kicks him hard in the groin and he falls to one side in pain and loses his gun, but he keeps his legs wrapped around hers and grabs the back of her shirt.
Tom starts coming around in the other room. He hears them struggling in the other room. He pushes up on his knees and tries to get up but falls back down. Then he hears a phone ringing and sees it lying on the floor. He crawls over to it and sees the name of the person calling Pops. He reaches around behind his back and hits accept. “Dad, we are at Jess’s apartment we need help.” Neal drags James out of the bedroom by the arm, kicks Tom in the side, takes his boot, and smashes the phone. He then throws James over on the couch and gets on top of her. “It’s time to end this bitch.” He reaches behind his back for James’s gun, but it is gone. He must have lost it in the struggle. “Just as well, I’m going to enjoy killing you with my hands.” He puts his hands around her neck and starts to choke her.
Tom struggles to get to his feet and runs toward Neal, lowering his shoulder and hitting Neal in the chest and knocking him off of James and to the floor. Neal quickly gets to his feet, pulls a knife out of his belt, and clicks it open. “Ok, we will do it this way.” James is coughing and trying to catch her breath. Tom tries to cover her body with his own. Neal raises the knife and comes toward them. A shot rings out, and Neal jerks back and then falls forward with the knife still in his hand. Tom raises his leg and kicks him away to the floor.
He looks up to see his Dad lowering his gun coming toward them. Ranger Martin kicks the knife out of Neal’s hand. “You ok?” Carter asks. “Yes.” Says Tom, and James nods yes. Carter puts his gun away, takes his handcuff key out of his pocket, and frees Tom and James. Carter helped Tom up on the couch, and he hugged James.
Carter looks over at Martin, who is knelt over Neal. Martin looks back at him. “He is dead. I’ll call Waco P.D.” Martin pulls out his phone and makes the call.
A little while later, on the street outside the apartment building, Tom and James are sitting in the back of an ambulance, each wrapped up in a blanket. Carter walks up to them. “They are going to take both of you to the ER to get checked out.” He turns to James. “When your parents leave town, You’re going to come and stay with us for a few days. Your apartment is a crime scene. It may be a while before you can get back in there.” She looks up at him and smiles. “Thank you, Pops.” She says.
*
(Next Day Carter home 10:30 a.m.)
John Carter walked out on his back porch and sat his cup of coffee down on the table. He walked out to the shed, got a big cup full of sunflower seed, walked over, and put them in Rocky’s feeder. He looks up to see Rocky on top of the shed. “They are the big ones just like you like. I’m taking care of you, buddy.”
He walks back up on the porch, sits down, takes a sip of coffee, and watches as Rocky comes over to the feeder. He hears the back door open and turns to look and sees Jessica James coming out onto the porch. “Morning, Pops, I see you’re enjoying the mandatory days off.” He smiles. “Yes, I am. How are you doing?” He asks. She sits down. “I’m doing good. I stayed with my parents at their motel last night, I convinced them to go on their trip. They ask me to go with them, but I didn’t feel like it, so I made an excuse. I’m here taking you up on your offer of a place to stay for a few days.” Carter takes a sip of his coffee. “Good.” He says. “We are both going to be off work for a while.”
They sit in silence for a few minutes, and James says. “What do you think happened with Neal?” She asks. Carter pauses for a moment and then says. “From everything I have been able to gather. He was a strait as an arrow cop, worked his way up to Detective. Dedicated family man, loved his wife and son. From everything I have been told, he treated her like a queen. Then out of the blue, she leaves him for another man. A real jerk that treats her like shit and takes his son. He took that really hard. Then they partnered him with Peterson, a real asshole that mistreated his wife. Beat her up several times, but she kept going back to him. Putting that together with what had happened to him and he just snapped. Got it in his head, he could frame Peterson and get rid of him and be a hero and get his family back.” She looks over at him. “That’s sad.” She says. “Yes, it is. Your mind is a fragile thing.” He says.
“What about the guy that saved Becky? How does he figure into all this? She asks. “No Idea. It’s the only thing that doesn’t make any sense.” She stands up. “Well, I’m going to get my stuff out of the car.” She said. He nods. “The first room on the left is the guest room. Make yourself at home.” He said. “Thanks, Pops.” She says as she enters the house.
Carter finishes his coffee, stands up, and looks around. He has this feeling that cops get that they are being watched. He looks around some more and shrugs it off, and goes into the house.
About a hundred yards away, the man with the missing fingers is sitting in his car. He lowers his binoculars, “Well done, John.” He says as he puts his car in gear and drives away.

Author’s note
I hope you enjoyed
Murder Through a Killer’s Eyes
Look for the stand alone story
Murder and a Phycho’s Revenge
A Psychopath from Carter’s past seeks vengeance against Carter and his former Deputies.
trebor4145@gmail.com
