	
My My Little Prince
By Paul Johnson
Copyright 2017 

No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, graphic, electronic, or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, taping, or by any information storage or retrieval system, without the permission in writing from the author.
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to any person or persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental. All character depicted in this work of fiction are 18 years old or older.

Contents:
Prologue
Chapter One-Jim takes a beating from David and Frank   	
Chapter Two-Dave Tell Frank to get him 		          
Chapter Three-Sherine Speaks 					
Chapter Four-Smitty Years Earlier            
Chapter 5-A New Smitty					
Chapter6-Smitty’s New Profession 			
Chapter 7-Smitty’s Continuing Education			
Chapter 8-Smitty Calls, Sherine Moves			
Chapter 9-Campbell Starts at the Hospital		
Chapter 10-Weekend in Ocala 				
Chapter 11-Mom Calls 						
Chapter 12-	Dr. Pierre and Dr. Campbell Go to Dinner 	
Chapter 13-Celebrating Sherine’s New Job 			
Chapter 14-The Big Bike Rally  		
Chapter 15-Joe Buys a Suit and Meets Sherine 		
Chapter 16-Pool Hall - Sherine Hustles $200 		
Chapter 17-Earth Quake - Pierre and Campbell in Haiti	
Chapter 18- Sherine’s New Apartment 			
Chapter 19-Sherine’s New Job - First Day 			
Chapter 20-Frank the PI Gets Closer 				
Chapter 21-Sherine Goes Out With Joe 		
Chapter 22-Sherine Calls Michelle and Mom calls	
Chapter 23-Pierre and Campbell in Port-Au-Prince 	
Chapter 24-Sherine Admits She Likes Joe 					
Chapter 25-The Date  						
Chapter 26- Sherine and Michelle Talk
Chapter 27- Frank Finds Campbell and Goes to Haiti 	
Chapter 28- Sherine and Michell Have an Accident	
Chapter 29-Back from Haiti Breaks Into Pierre's Apt		
Chapter 30-Dr. Pierre Goes North 				
Chapter 31-Pierre Meets Garcia for the First Time 	
Chapter 32- Frank Digs for Clues at the Mental Hospital 
Chapter 33-In The hospital, Evon Visits Sherine  		
Chapter 34-Frank Finds Dr. Pierre is in Las Terrenas	
Chapter 35-Out of Hospital, Evon Comes Over 		
Chapter 36-Sherine and Michelle Go to See Spinner	
Chapter 37-Waiting for Joe to Come Home			
Chapter 38-Frank Arrives in Las Terrenas  			
Chapter 39-Frank’s a Drug Rep At The Seminar 		
Chapter 40-Dr. Garcia and Dr. Pierre Get Intimate 	
Chapter 41-Pierre and Frank Meet  		
Chapter 42-Joe Talks To Dan, Overdoses, Divorces 			
Chapter 43-Pierre Kills Frank 
Chapter 44-David Paces Waiting To Hear From Frank 		
Chapter 45-Sherine Attacks Her Mom 
Chapter 46-The Orderly Talks			
Chapter 47-Pierre Attacks Sherine

“My My Little Prince”
By Paul Johnson

Prologue

Bright sun, blue water a perfect day to kill the bitch. A fun day he told himself.  He could not help but smile while searching for anyone watching except for Marilyn.  She was fumbling with the line on the dock not paying much attention to anything.  All seemed clear although the sun was almost blinding, making it hard to be sure all eyes were elsewhere. He had done this before and each time he enjoyed it more.      
 “Come on Marilyn, grab the rope and untie the bow first.”  An excited note of impatience was audible in his voice. He continued, “That’s right, that one, untie it.” He watched her while she tried to keep her hands from trembling for about two seconds and then blurted out, “Come on! Untie the damn rope! What the hell are you doing?”  
Marilyn looked at him in shock as she barely got out, “Why are you so upset today?”  Gaining some composure she managed to say, “It’s a beautiful day.  The sun’s out and we did it. We made a ton of money and all we have to do today is relax and go out for a nice ride.” She bent over and shook a nicely rounded ass. Winking back at him, she added “… and make love.” She stood and looked back at him, smiling from ear to ear. 
“You’ll see baby.” He grinned, getting hold of himself. “I’m excited.   But for now just untie the goddamn line.” “Let’s get this piece of crap out of this marina before anyone sees me. You know I can be spotted easily here at the marina; especially when the cruise ships are coming and going.”   
Marilyn busied herself with the tie-down again. She looked up and said, “That ship doesn’t leave until five. See it’s still sitting there empty. No one’s even watching from the decks yet. Relax baby, we’re fine.” With some trouble she managed to untie the rope. She turned and dangled it in front of her, “There,” she said, “are you happy now?”  
“About damn time.” 
He paused for a second as he looked at her in the front of the boat. She was slightly silhouetted with the sun at about ten o’clock behind her. Her lush body looked so amazing - it actually made him stop and swallow. He shook his head slowly, “No Marilyn, I have a new game plan for today.”   
“What?” She asked a little worriedly. “He is always a little temperamental but he seems a bit stretched today. I better watch my step,” She thought.
She looked up at him and said, “Come on sweetie, please try to relax. This is supposed to be a nice ride; for fun. I’d hate to see how you would be if we had to get the cocaine ourselves after each drop. Your head would be spinning more than Linda Blair’s,” she laughed. “We’ve managed to get all the deals done without having to do anything. Pretty smart if you ask me!”  
She got done coiling the rope and moved toward the back of the boat where the ride would be a little smoother once they were out on open water. Nervously she rambled on, “It’s not like we haven’t gone out of the port before for fun. We have nothing to worry about.” She reached out and took his hand and held it to her cheek. “What an easy way to make money honey. All we do is make a few calls and let our boy Jim go fishing for the day.”
He looked at her and said, “Shut up!” He jerked his hand away and wiped it on his pants. “I know the fucking system. Remember I came up with the fucking system.” He turned back to watch where he was going. “Did the pick-up take place yet?” 
“Honey it will happen very soon.  You forget so easily. Without me you would be lost and maybe even forget how easy this has all been.  You really didn’t have to think or remember anything, did you? I took care of everything. I hope you liked my idea of the little electronic trackers.” She was beginning to jabber a bit.
He turned and looked at her with a deep blank stare and said again, “I told you to shut up.”  
Marilyn looked at him in shock but kept mumbling about the pick-ups.  After a few moments she blurted out,  “Thank God for the swift hands of the captain.” This came out a wet dollop on the hysterical side; she couldn’t help a tiny hysterical laugh. “How he manages to toss the packages out so neatly wrapped near the same marker each weekend is genius. And David has no idea that his contacts are working for us.”
She looked up and saw that he was staring at her intensely and she nervously blurted again, “Honey please! What is it? What is your problem?”  
“Shut up! I will not listen to you babble on about nothing anymore. Do you hear me?”  
“What do you want from me?” She looked at him and said, placating, “Honey, please relax, please! What has gotten into you?” And to herself, “I wonder why I love him so much. It was stupid of me to get tangled up with him. I risked everything for him and he treats me terribly now. It’s hard to even remember when he treated me like a lady.” Crying slightly, Marilyn asked him quietly and as gently as she can, “Sweetheart, you love the time we spend together don’t you?”   
He looked at her and asked, “What did you say, come on, what are you mumbling on about?”  
“Nothing!” she pouted again, “Nothing important! Just dumb thoughts to keep my mind occupied so that I don’t speak and have you yell at me again and so I won’t think about how badly you are treating me today.” She babbled on as she sat, holding on to the gunwale with both hands.  
“Well shut up then and pay attention, here comes the fucking Marine Patrol. Smile and look like you are getting ready to do some fishing or something fun, OK? You think you can manage that?”
“Isn’t that what we are doing? Well not fishing, but I mean just going out for fun?”  
“Shut up!” he told her again. “Is it Jim?”   
“Yes,” she said with a sniffle. She wiped her eyes with the palms of her hands and pushed sun bleached hair off her forehead.
 “So what if it’s Jim? What’s the problem?” she asked.   
“You idiot,” he hissed, “ remember, no one has seen me, only you.” 
She stood up and waved to the passing Marine Patrol Captain, arching her back slightly to accentuate her impressive curves. The gleaming twenty-two foot Grady White cruised by at a fairly rapid pace for being inside the markers, but only a simple small wave of wake was all that was given. He was a good Captain, intent on watching channel markers and boating traffic. She said, “You know baby, he does a great job for us. He has never taken a gram for himself although I hear that he has a taste for the powder. And using the Marine Patrol Captain? That was another of my genius ideas!””  
Marilyn watched as the boat passed and then she sat down and said, “David would kill us immediately if he knew we worked his system right below his nose. HA! ‘Below his nose!’ - that’s funny isn’t it baby? ‘below his nose?’” She got no reaction so she sat quietly for a minute watching the Patrol Boat recede back toward the marina. Then she gave out a quiet laugh. “Hey honey,” Marilyn yelled as she gazed off at the beauty all around them, “how much do you love me?”   
The water was a dull blue, typical for the east coast of Florida, and erosion rocks and sea walls lined both sides of the inlet. On the right they passed Jetty Park, a park for tourists and motor home camping. Several families fished, others sun bathed or swam close to shore, enjoying another beautiful day in the Sunshine State. On the left in the distance you could see Kennedy Space Center. The silhouette of a rocket sitting on a launch pad sat ready for next week’s launch of a communication satellite or some military apparatus … probably one in the same. 
As they were leaving the port they entered open water and he threw the throttle forward three-quarters. The huge Johnson inboard surged and the twenty-five footer planed nicely before they got a hundred yards. In the distance they could just see the first deep-water marker.  
He throttled up a little more to help jockey the waves better as they went past the inlet where the calm port waters finally met the stiffer waves of the open Atlantic. He looked at Marilyn again and said, “This is the last time I will tell you to shut up, got it?”  
“I asked you. How much do you love me?” Marilyn blurted at him, out of control.
“What the hell are you talking about?” 
“Us,” she replied, “you know, us, our future, our love, how much do you love me?”  
At that moment he gunned the boat full throttle. As the bow of the boat raised high Marilyn fell backwards and landed hard on the engine cover. She hit the unforgiving fiberglass and a shock of pain jolted through her back. She moaned loudly but she still heard him say, “Marilyn there is no “us” and there was never an “us”, just me planning this little adventure for the last month. MY plan, got it? Every little detail was mine and anything you think was your idea was manipulated by me, you fucking puppet.”
Crying quietly to herself, she wrung her pretty hands. Her lacquered nails dug at the ball of her hand. They cruised a while in silence, getting further and further from shore. When they had gone on that way for some distance he suddenly reached back and grabbed her by her wrist. He pulled her towards him violently and she gasped in pain as he wrenched her arm. Pulling her directly into his face he stared into her astonished eyes, immense with fright. Her face was contorted with the pain. He held her close like that for a couple seconds, their noses almost touched. “Let the adventure begin.” He snarled. “I’ve been planning this little pleasure for too long!
“What adventure?” she wined nervously, her voice a quivering falsetto. She tried to pull away but he had both wrists now, the boat left to its own course. “You’re scaring me, what are you talking about?” A huge tear rolled down her rouged cheek and settled at the corner of her lovely lips. He leaned over and flicked it away with his tongue, and leered at her, eyes aflame.
“Haven’t you figured it out yet? Well, you will soon when we get out a few more miles.” He yelled over the loud engines, “I don't love you, I actually hate you!” He threw his head back and laughed, “Your childish attitude, your stupidity ... come on, it’s amazing you can be so beautiful and so gullible at the same time.” He pushed her roughly back down on the transom and turned back to the wheel.
"Thanks to your careful planning,” he yelled back over his shoulder “ I have you and his money and I will have a new life soon. I own you, you beautiful bitch.” He looked her up and down and said, “Oh, it’s a shame I have to get rid of you now. Such a pity, but as any good boss knows ... you do what you have to do and then move on.”  
He spat another harsh laugh and said, “You actually thought there was an 'us'?  I suppose you’ve figured it out by now what the adventure is that I have planned.  It’s you baby, you, it is all about you. You’re the adventure; watching you float away. 
He drove in silence again and then at some invisible line, he throttled back hard on the stick. The big boat seemed to settle like it was being swallowed before it buoyed back up. They bobbed there for a second and the boat turned a slow arc back towards shore, then he had her by the wrists again.
This time she fought him and managed to get one wrist free. She tried to scrape his face, but he punched her hard across her cheek. She felt something break and stars floated across the haze. She slumped, wanting desperately to pass out, but he would have none of it. “Ah, no you don’t, no passing out, I want you one hundred percent awake for this.” He eased her back down on the transom again and gently patted her cheeks, rousing her. Still befuddled, she calmed a bit and began to cry softly. She trembled and went slack, but she was conscious.
 “I cannot believe that you would have even gotten on this boat with me. You’re so fucking stupid! Was it for ‘love’? Ha! How stupid is that?” He paced rapidly in front of her, only inches away. “God, you never did figure it out did you? This whole scheme was so simple; money for nothing and all I had to do was be the ghost.” He paced the few short steps across the boat and turned back to her.
 “You see it now don’t you? Yeah, it suited me, because I needed you to be next. After I get a young beauty, like you, I kill them when I am finished with them.” He stopped pacing in front of her. “Aw-w, did I forget to tell you that?” He chuckled mirthlessly. “I’m so sorry about that Marilyn. Out of respect to you I am telling you now.” He brightened and nodded agreeably, “Although my little pretty, I must admit, that little bit of news may be a little late for you because it is on schedule for today.” He grabbed her arms again and jerked her powerfully, practically lifting her off her feet.
Marilyn realized that he was serious. She fought. She knew now that her life depended on it. She flailed and cursed and spat, but it was an exercise in futility. He was too strong. Again and again he slammed her head against the dash. Her knees buckled and she collapsed, wrapping her arms around his legs for support. She was dazed and weakened and she looked up, “Why are you doing this?”   
He picked her up and pushed her back onto the engine cover again. A flood of pleasure galloped through is body. He wanted to live this in the moment; he didn’t want to miss a thing. He found this so much better for remembering and reliving it later, over and over again. To him it was better than collecting souvenirs; and a lot safer too.
The awareness that she was his was savagely sensual and he never wanted it to stop. She could be no more trouble. Now, most importantly, he was in complete control over her. His contorted face calmed and he laughed as he told her, “I am a sociopath baby, a proud sociopath, and I love to kill. It’s my drug of choice!” He stood staring down at her a full minute, breathing in and out like a guru practicing meditation, then he bent over to look into her down cast eyes. He cupped her chin and lifted her face gently. “And today you are going to fill my prescription quite nicely.”
He stood back up and looked all around the boat doing a complete 360, and then another slower 180 back towards shore. All horizons were clear. They were a good five miles out, past the last channel markers. No fishing boats could even be seen. He gazed shoreward and saw he could barely see the coast. In the distance a few of Cocoa Beach’s taller building that line the coast appeared, all in a haze. The only other visible thing was the Cocoa Beach Water Tower. He gave himself a satisfied sigh and the corners of his lips curled in a slight smile.
“Hi Honey. How do you feel?” Her left cheek was grossly swollen over the crushed frontal bone,  sporting a large laceration. “Hey!” He shook her shoulder roughly. “What do you think baby?  Wake up honey.  It’s a beautiful day for a swim isn’t it? Are you ready for a swim? Here we are, floating along so nicely in the Gulf Stream. Isn’t it nice? See how the color of the water changed?”  
Marilyn came out of her stupor and a confirmed realization grabbed her. She began to scream, terrified, but she may as well have been screaming in space ... there was definitely no one to hear her here. Only the gentle waves lapping on the side of the boat answered.
“Why are you doing this?” she barely got out.  “I told you baby, for fun. And I no longer need you. Let’s just say you have ‘outlived’ your usefulness! Hey, next time you should be careful who you let into your life.” He smiled as he relished that thought. 
“Oh, Marilyn; can I ask you something?” He knelt down again and whispered into her ear. “Who’s going to hear you out here baby? Your precious David? I don't think so.” He reached over and Marilyn flinched, but he only finger-flicked her a mean thwack on the forehead. He stood chuckling again, “Hey Marilyn, what do you think? You’ll be in the Gulf Stream soon. Sorry I have to leave you here, but alas, I must. 
Marilyn passed out, but the reprieve was too short. When she roused, she felt something wrong with her arms and hands. She started; eyes wide as she realized her hands were tied behind her back. At this same moment she became aware of him doing something to her feet. He had a huge roll of Duct Tape and was taping her ankles. She screamed with what she thought would be a cry the gods would hear, but actually was a mild cry for help.  She fought again with every ounce of energy she had left.  She thrashed and she flailed, but he already had three or four good turns around her. It was easy for him to finish another couple. When he was done with the taping, he leaned over and tore the tape with his teeth, finishing the job with a hearty rip. Moving rapidly, his breathing quickened. The adrenalin now crashed through his body like a freight train in a giant pin-ball machine. He opened one of the storage compartments lining the sides of the boat and grabbed a diver’s weight belt he had brought with him. He displayed it tauntingly in her face. 
 “Perfect”, he thought. His chest was heaving and a cold sweat trickled down from an armpit. “This is the perfect end of another one of life’s little chapters. She’ll sink slowly and perfectly, feet first. All that money is mine and I don't even exist. It’s ... well; it’s perfect!”   
He stood and walked around behind her as she futilely tried to scoot away. He reached through her bound arms and picked her up and lifted her onto the engine compartment shoving her gently backwards.   She flopped over the edge of the engine compartment and landed on the diver’s platform with a thump. The boat rocked a bit and a wave doused her. Coughing and spitting, she tried to sit up but couldn’t manage it. She lay there just like a contrite fish out of water, all gasped out. “I’m sorry Marilyn, am I hurting you?” He started chuckling to himself but his breathing was quickening again. He stifled a belch of acidic bile, and then stepped over the back of the boat onto the platform with her. He bent over with hands on knees as he waited for the acidic burn in his chest to calm, breathing in and out slowly through his mouth. “Where’s my fucking Tums,” he thought as he wrinkled his face and spat over the side.
He reached back inside the boat and grabbed an oar that was U-clipped along the side. Without warning he turned and slammed the oar over her head. Blood gushed out into the water from a deep laceration along the side of her skull. “It’s a good thing I had your head over the edge of the boat, isn’t it Marilyn?” He was twitching like the Joker before a trapped Batman. “Ah yes, that’s me, always thinking. Got to plan it all, isn’t that right Marilyn? 
 “OK honey; a kiss good bye, what do you think? I’ll make it one that you can remember.” He reached over and brushed her long wet hair back. He wiped away some blood as he leaned over to kiss her. She mustered up all the energy she had left in her body and, raising her head fast to meet him, she bit him hard over the eye. She tore his upper eye lid in the exact spot he had a small scar already, leaving an open wound.  
He reared back in pain, as she lunged forward trying to find another target. “Damn you, you bitch, I thought you loved me!” He mopped at the eye with the back of his hand and held it out to check the damage. Blood smeared the crook of his thumb. He shook his head and grinned, “and to think, I was really going to give you a fair-well kiss and to wish you a good trip into your new world. Well, so be it, screw the sentimental, right? It’s time. I love this!” he screamed as he gave her one last violent kick and she flew off the platform.  
She kicked and thrashed her bound body and was actually able to break the surface for a second, but she couldn’t maintain it. 
Ended here on the plane

Strangely, she calmed, and as she sunk in the crystal clear water she stared back at him, her blond hair streaming. He couldn’t decipher the look on her face, but he enjoyed it thoroughly. He shrugged and thought, “well, it didn’t matter before and it hardly matters now.” 
The water was so clear he could see her for a long way down. He even saw her final exhale. It sent a jolt of pleasure throbbing through his body as he imagined the burning sensation that that fatal gulp of water would cause and especially her helpless panic. He knew she was suffering, and he smiled slowly. “Wow, it worked; feet first.” He said out loud as if she could hear him. “I was going to be kind and kill you first, but I couldn’t make that fit in my plan. You see Marilyn, I had to see it, I had to see that last breath and it was so fucking worth it. Easily as good as watching the light die in all their eyes! Thank you Marilyn, thank you for that! I will never forget it.” 
Once he was sure he could see her no more, he turned and crawled back over the engine compartment. “H-m-m,” he thought to himself, “Sociopaths ... I do not understand why the general public does not like them. We perform such a valuable service for society; population control, getting rid of the riff-raff ... and all for free.” He shook his head like he just couldn’t understand the dilemma. 
He headed for the console and wiped his cut eye again with the palm of his hand. “Damn that hurt.” he said to himself. “That bitch...” he continued to mumble as he wiped off the blood that was dripping into his eye. “All in a day’s work,” he hummed to himself as he turned the ignition key and the already running motor protested. “Shit!” he laughed at his error.
The Gulf Stream will take her to North Carolina where some poor slob fisherman will find her, half eaten and half rotten. Ha, that bloody scalp will ensure she gets some ‘pesky’ attention. Ha again, man, I crack myself up. ’Pesky’ … pescado … I’m a funny fucker!
He let the boat idle and started to move about the deck, checking for tell-tale evidence. “I’ve got to start the next part of this adventure; out of town this time, out of the country in fact, until things settle down.”  
He looked around for any other items that might raise suspicion and noticed blood on the engine cover, He grabbed the boat hose and sprayed off the engine cover and the floor around it. He looked over at the diver’s platform and saw that the waves had taken care of business there. He took his time and tried to do a thorough job. He was enjoying the domesticity.
Twenty-five minutes later, after running the boat at full speed, he returned to Port Canaveral Marina. He throttled down to no-wake speed and angled for the dry dock storage facilities on the left. The air was sharp; sour and salty with the bouquet that only low tide can render. He pinched his nose against it, but there was nothing for it.
After another quick inspection, he noticed a small amount of blood between the cracks of the engine cover. “Damn! Fucking shit gets everywhere!” He looked around nervously.  
At that moment, one of the dock hands walked by and shouted down at him, “Hey there, ain’t seen you here lately, where’s yer wife?” His southern accent grated. 
“Oh she, uh, decided not to come today. I can only come out when the office allows, you know?”   
“Yup,” the dock hand replied. He was tall and wire thin. He couldn’t stop tapping his thumb and middle finger together in a nervous staccato that hinted at some type of substance abuse. “Know whatcha mean, hard to get the time. Big boat fer only one person though. I thought I seen yer wife earlier; musta been thinking of someone else.” 
He quickly agreed, nodding his head vigorously. “Must have been … ”
“Yup, mighty big boat for one person. Here lemme grab a line.”  
“Uh, ok, thanks.” He stammered. “Damn where the hell did this dick come from?” The dock hand headed toward the back of the boat. “No, no, not the back line, grab the front one.”  
The hand gave a puzzled look, but shrugged and said as he took the front shore line, “Wanner put up on the rack now?”   
“No let me hose it down and get all the salt off, give me a few, ok?”  
“Sure, but that is my job.”  
“Well not this time, OK? I like doing it.” He gave his best friendly smile and threw all his body language into a message that said “Nah, you go on along now.”
“Well, fine by me I guess.” He stood there pondering for a second, then pulled off his dirty Evinrude ball cap and ran a long thin grease-stained hand through greasier hair. “Jus lemme know when yer ready to have ‘er put on the rack.”  
“Will do.”   
He watched the stringy overalls disappear among all the Bertrams, Bayliners and Chris Crafts and blew out a bated breath, “Wow, that was close, almost made a mistake there. Got to clean this boat better and get out of here.” He aped the dock hand’s drawl, “Wanner put up on the rack now?” He laughed as he started moving things around looking for items he might have missed.
About twenty minutes later he was still talking to himself. “OK, looking good, no blood, all prints wiped clean, it’s time to vamos.” Looking up he scanned the tethered boats and the meandering paths of floating dock. He spotted the deck hand over by the gas pumps. He stood up on the engine compartment and waved and yelled and quickly got his attention.
A dirty hand cupped an ear but he yelled, “Wanner put away now?”  
“Yes,” he mouthed and nodded theatrically, “put her away.”
The stringy dock hand trotted over to the giant lift, started it up and maneuvered toward the lift out area handling it like he definitely knew what he was doing. 
 Calmer now after the concentrated labor of cleaning the boat, but as usual his mind revved, already thinking about his next moves. His inner dialogue never seemed to stop. “Maybe this time I need to get a girl a little older than the last two. I do like young girls, but this time I think I need one a little older.  Hell, I do not need a lady.  I need to relax, have some fun and begin a new life.  Smiling, the thought of another country with a new identity filled his mind.  He stepped over to the floating deck and a huge Brown Pelican splashed sloppily into the oily water beside him. “Nothing for you today bud ... you should have been out there with me earlier, I might have been tempted to slice off a few pieces of Marilyn sushi for you!”
“Yeah,” he thought, returning to his fantasy, “If I did go for  another lady she cannot be as young as Sherine. She was too young. God she was so sweet and easy to control but she had the magic within her.  I bet she is a wild one now; too bad I had to leave.  She might be fun to be with.  She might be as crazy as me.   I could see it when she was with her friends .  I swear if things had been  a little different she and I could be enjoying my adventures together now .    And she cannot be as old as Sherine’s mother, Evon. She was too old.” He started to smile, almost grinning, as he walked down the dock towards the exit. He liked the way the slanting rays of the sun made the water sparkle between the gaps of the old weathered boards. “I did have fun with them though. 
 I always wondered if those three really loved me or hated me. I would imagine they always hated me, but I do wonder.” He stopped dead in his tracks a second. “You know  ol’ boy, that sweet little minx Sherine would be about the perfect age now.  “It may be time to pay them a visit.  No.  I need some R and R now.  Later.... Wow.  I will save that fun for later.”
He marvelled at this thought as he popped the hatch door on the little luxury SUV and threw his small duffle in. He hit the automatic close button and was around and in the driver’s seat before it latched.  As he waited to pull out into the traffic he looked around for the silver Mercedes he thought might have been following him earlier. It was nowhere around and he breathed a sigh of relief as he melted into the anonymous .




Chapter 1

David looked up as Frank’s approaching footsteps echoed in the cavernous metal building. “Frank, where is Jim?” he asked. He looked extremely agitated and even his three thousand dollar Valentino suit did nothing to change his demeanour. 
“In the trunk, zipped-tied and gagged,” Frank answered. He was a tall man, and slim, and he betrayed no emotion at all except for a faint satisfied smile curling up a corner of his lip. It caused a dimple in his cheek to deepen.  
“I hope you didn’t hurt him,” David said as he smiled. 
“Me? Why would you think I would hurt him?” 
David gave him a bigger grin and winked, “because I know how much you love him.” 
David visibly relaxed now that he was sure of his prey. “Don’t bring him in now. Wait until it’s a little darker out. Then bring him in through the side door. Make sure he can breathe a little so he will live long enough for me to have some fun with him.” He comically rubbed his hands together, but sweat beaded in the course black hair on his pylon-thick wrists.
“Will do. What’s your plan for the asshole?” Frank stepped over a puddle and stood next to his mentor. Their silhouettes would have reminded you of Abbot and Costello’s, except theirs was all muscle and meanness.
“When?” 
Frank looked up at David and another smile flicked across his face. He stood with his legs spread and his hands on his hips. He took up a lot of room with his stocky body and nothing was getting past him.  “After you talk to him.” The sun was dropping. It slanted enough now through the big four-paned window that it illuminated both men’s feet.
David looked down pensively at its reflection on his shiny Salvatore Ferragamo’s and said “Yeah; his toes; start with his toes and work up and see how it goes.”
Frank dusted a space and then sat down on a packing crate. “I was hoping you would say something like that.” He brought his leg up and crossed his knee, rocking his foot up and down excitedly.
“I’m still shocked that Marilyn would think I’m so stupid. Well her little game is over. I want you to bring her and her fling to me tomorrow after we dispose of Jim. Stupid bitch thought she could pull this shit on me!” He punched a fist into his hand as he paced. He thought to himself, “I let that bitch get too close to me god-dammit … she really had me going!”
David turned, “No wait Frank. Let me think about that. I need to think about how I want to handle this. How long has Jim worked for me? What’s it been, a couple years now, right?” He chewed a knuckle as he crossed an arm over his massive chest. “Did he have any idea we knew he was the pickup and drop off man?”
“I doubt it because he knows that when someone double-crosses you they usually are not seen again. Everyone knows that.” 
David turned his back to the setting sun fighting its way through the dirty glass. He twisted his torso and, using the waning light, looked down at the seat of his suit pants. He brushed off some imaginary spec of something with his hands and then looked back up expectantly at Frank.
“I guess he didn’t want to work much longer or he wouldn’t have double crossed me. It won’t be long now.
A couple hours later, as David was getting off a call, Frank entered the side door and slammed Jim’s bound and gagged body on the floor. “He looks different gagged and tied, doesn’t he?” David laughed and continued, “Don’t think that fancy Captain’s outfit he’s wearing makes him look very commanding either, does it?”
“Sure doesn’t sir, but I think the way his dislocated arm is under his back adds a certain je ne sais quoi?" David walked up to Jim directly and took his chin almost tenderly. He asked in a gently quiet manner, “Tell me about this asshole that Marilyn was working with.” Jim started out of his torpor and his eyes flared like a horse’s in a barn fire. Spittle slipped down his unshaved face but he shook his head no and tried to pull away. David shrugged, then grabbed Jim by his hair and slammed his head several times on the concrete floor. He stood back up and slowly slid out of his suit coat, folding it neatly. “Looks like we are going to be here a while,” he smiled. He looked back down at Jim with a quizzical smile. He picked up his head again. In his quiet voice he asked, “Oh, Jim, I forgot to ask; where is the next drop off taking place Jimmy boy? And at what time?”
An almost unconscious Jim tried to talk this time. “What’s that Jimmy boy?” David now squatted next to Jim, arms resting on his knees. His thick body looked like a medicine ball; tough … durable ... ready to tire you out. “Frank, cut the poor guy’s gag so he can speak.” 
Frank whipped out a slim looking knife from some untold place and had it open before David punctuated his last sentence. He leaned over to cut the gag off and caught the edge of Jim’s mouth with the thin blade. Jim recoiled but Frank sliced through the corner so deep his teeth showed. He screamed again and his body bucked but he had nowhere to go.
“Nice job Frank, thank you.”
“Hey, no problem sir, I thought so myself.”
“So Jim,” David continued, “Did you not understand the questions?”
“No, no, I understand,” he sputtered. He tried to tuck his mouth into his shoulder to staunch the gushing flow. The amount of blood didn’t seem plausible. It had already soaked Jim’s white shirt. “Stop! Stop! I will tell you anything you want!” he gurgled and choked in his own blood.
“Jim I have to ask you to speak more clearly buddy. I am having a hard time understanding you. Perhaps you would feel more comfortable if you were sitting, huh? Would you like to sit up Jim?” David turned to Frank, “Frank would you please help our friend here sit up?”  
“Of course, David. Anything you like.” Frank reached over and grabbed Jim by his shoulders. He pulled hard and fast, jerking the dislocated arm savagely. There was an audible click of bone on bone and Jim screamed again.  
“Frank,” David said, “perhaps that was not such a good idea. I think he was more comfortable lying on the floor. What do you think Frank?”  
Frank shrugged, “When you’re right, you’re right David.” He kicked Jim across the face knocking him back. His lacerated face began pumping streams of fresh blood. 
“Yes he does seem more relaxed now,” David said. He leaned over to wipe blood off his shoe. While leaning over he snarled into the cringing Jim’s ear, “did you really think you could get away with taking my drugs and my money without me knowing about it?”
Jim tried to make himself smaller but David began stomping him with kick after kick in the stomach and ribs as Jim tried futilely to roll away. It was a hailstorm of punishment with David swearing and spitting with each blow. Jim was screaming in pain and agony and then he vomited. “Agh Christ Jim, you fucking puked on my fucking shoe? I don’t fucking believe you! That will cost you; you shit-heel-mother-fucker!” He kicked Jim in the groin and then wiped his shoes disgustedly on the seat of Jim’s pants. He was panting hard as he looked over at Frank. He ran his hand through his sweaty black hair and bent over with his hands on his knees; chest heaving. He wiped his forehead again and gasped, “Frank would you please ask Jim again what we want to know? I do not believe our friend here told me the last time I asked.”
Frank leaned over and whispered in Jim’s ear, “Your old pal David would like to know all about this fucker Marilyn is working with and when and where the next pick-up will be. Would you be so kind as to tell David and I so we can end all this unpleasantness?"
Jim would have given them his last wad of toilet paper. “Yes-yes! I’ll tell you! I don’t know much about the guy. He’s very secretive. He’s a scary fuck though, I can tell you that! I could see it in his eyes, something just ain’t right there! He’s a tall dude … very good looking, but he doesn’t let you get the big picture of him; always turning away, ever really allowing you to get a good look at him.  When I was patrolling today, I’m almost sure it was them I saw late this morning heading out of the harbour. But I can’t be sure; I was watching the boat traffic.
“When is the god damn next pick you ass hole?”
“The pickup is this Sunday, at the IHOP on A1A at 1:30 in the afternoon.” His split and tortured face split and tortured his enunciation, but the message was clear enough.
“Oh,” said Frank. “now was that so hard Jim?” He kicked him in the kidneys and Jim rolled over and passed out. “H-m-f, the IHOP, how cool is that? In broad day-light too.” He shook his head in amazement and leaned over to rouse Jim, grabbing him by his bloody lapel and slapping his forehead. Jim’s eyes rolled back, but blinked open then gaped as he realized who had him. He tried to squirm away again but bumped up against the hard wheel of a fork lift. Frank just dropped him and stood over him, looking down at the likes of a pile of garbage. 
David stepped over and straddled the prone bulk that was Jim. “OK Jim, here is the deal. We’re going to let you go. You’re going to get yourself cleaned up and if anyone asks, you had an accident ... any kind of accident, make something up.  I hope you are not dumb enough to go anywhere where they might ask question about your lovely face.  I might suggest that you call our EMT friend, you know, Paul.  He is always standing by for us when little accidents like this happen.  He will know what to do.  Do you understand Jim?  Jim mumbled yes.  “Good, we do not want any trouble now do we Jim?. I am sure we need more information later and you’re going to get it for us, right Jim” Jim’s wide eyes and head were seesawing like he had bobbing-head-doll syndrome. “I want you to meet your contact as normal except this time you will give them a little package that I have for them. I want you to look for Frank a little before 1:30 and exchange packages. You understand me Jim? No fuckups! How is the package wrapped Jim?”  
“In birthday wrapping.” He moaned. He seemed resigned now to his fate.
“Well aren’t you clever. Listen to me. Do not wrap yours like normal. Keep it in a plastic shopping bag. Got it you piece of shit? And then you will come directly here with my money. Now Jim, if by some chance you think you might be able to do something different, just remember, I know where you live. I know where your family lives and I will not think twice about slicing your pretty wife into pieces, ok?” 
“Yes, of course, whatever you want.” He begged. He dropped his head and said, “I never really wanted to work with Marilyn.” Jim’s pleading moans meant nothing to Dave and Jim knew it.
“Really Jim? That is so comforting to hear. I never really wanted to slice your face up, but, hey shit happens. Wouldn’t you agree Jim? Hey Jimbo, old buddy, let’s hope that you don’t do anything else you never really wanted to do. You know that Frank has a habit of making bad shit happen.” David stood up straight and began to organize his dishevelled persona back to his normal fastidious self. “I think our friend understands what to do now. Untie him Frank.”  
Frank flicked his knife out again and cut the zip ties. Jim fumbled in an attempt to stand. Frank grabbed Jim by his shoulders again and pulled him up fast and hard. Jim screamed and his eyes rolled up out of sight. He passed out from the pain and crumpled back to the blood soaked floor. “Let him alone until he wakes up.”  
It was several minutes before the ravaged man regained consciousness. He slowly struggled to stand, very unsteadily. He tried to compress his torn cheek, but the blood dripped through his bruised fingers. Trying to hold his wrenched arm tightly against his chest he breathed shallowly; hoping to alleviate the biting pain.  
David waited a moment to be sure Jim was going to stay with them this time and then said, “How convenient that today is Thursday and that you have a couple days to clean up. “Remember Jim, you come back here Sunday at noon and I will have a little package for you to give to Marilyn’s runner. Oh, and Jim, don’t forget to think of something to tell them about the cheek, well, the cheek, and the eyes.  We do not want them to suspect anything, do we now Jim?  And you know, the rest of it. I ‘really’ apologize Jim. I did not mean to disfigure that lovely face of yours today.” He laughed, “I had planned to wait a few days. But you know how it is when you’re having fun. Sometimes it is hard to stop. And as I said, ‘shit happens.’  Frank will you please open the door for our friend?” 
Frank walked over and pressed the door opener. 
The huge double doors slowly slid apart. Frank looked back at Jim and jerked a thumb to the gaping doors. Jim found a new burst of energy as he realized he truly was being let go. He shuffled toward the door as fast as his body would allow.
He threw himself through the doors and was gone. “You just going to let him go?” Frank asked.
David smiled, and checked himself over once again to make sure he was presentable. “After he delivers the money to us you can have him. Follow him back to his house and make him do a little partying.  Be sure he over-doses. You can have him sniff your special mixture.” He bent to look at his reflection in the window. He licked both forefingers and smoothed his perfect eyebrows and said, “And Frank, do not leave his house until you see white foam flowing from every fucking orifice!”
David stood back up after one last satisfied look at his reflection. His eyes sparkled. 


Chapter 2

David paced the floor and screamed at Frank, “Where is she?” They were in his Merritt Island Mansion; as he liked to call it. It truly did have all the amenities, including a forty-eight foot Hattaras, moored and all ready to go in the back yard. The 4,200 square foot house was situated on the Indian River in Cocoa Beach that gave him access to the Atlantic. It was perfect for his line of work.  He could be in the Bahamas in little time with no record when he needed to.  Dave told Marilyn it was so they could take romantic trips to the Bahamas when they wanted to go. They never did though. Marilyn hated that it took a ‘whole’ forty-five minutes to get to the Cocoa Beach Locks to get out to the Atlantic.. 
“I don't know David. Maybe it was her Jim saw on that boat yesterday.” He knew David was furious. “The last time I saw them was yesterday morning near the marina so maybe ... yeah, it makes sense. She was with, you know, Mr. Asshole. He was just like Jim described him. I was close enough to be sure it was him, although I still never really got a good look at his face. It’s like the guy thinks he’s a frickin’ movie star; always with the hats and big sunglasses. What’s up with that shit man? That guy’s got something to hide, David! “Yea, my money”.
"I´m sure it was him.  Jim’s description was right on - you know? And that same body language and all that says ‘Hey, look at me, I’m a tough guy, and I can do what I want with whomever I want.    
David looked at Frank and said, “What in hell are you mumbling. Where are they now? Who the hell does that fucker think he is?” David screamed as he pounded the desk. He straightened and stared out past the boat to the sparkling lights that dotted the far shore. “If he thinks I will put up with this garbage any longer, fucker’s going to have a reality check; real fast! So where are they? I pay you for information Frank, so let's have it! Where in the hell are they?”
“I told you David, jeesh, I’m sorry as I can be about this!” He got up from the over-stuffed chair in front of the desk and started pacing. “I don't know! They left separately from the restaurant and I wasn’t able to follow them both so I stuck with him. But I think he made me. At one point I thought he may have spotted me so I turned off to the right for just a few seconds near the Cocoa Beach Pier. By the time I was able to get back to A1A I had lost him. They had to be in that area because it was not more than a minute at most … he was just gone! I circled the area for maybe thirty minutes and then I thought of the marina at the Port. When I got there your other boat had been put in the water. There was no one there and the boat was gone. After I asked around discreetly, I waited for several hours and left. When I came back later, the freaking boat was back and the dock hand was putting it away. I must have just missed them!”
“You left?!” 
“I got hungry!” He looked down at the floor and nervously dug the toe of his shoe in the thick rich carpet.
“You got hungry? You got hungry and you left? You idiot!”  
“Well, not actually left David. You know I would never do that, right?” He laughed nervously, “I went to that restaurant next to the marina and kept watching all the boats coming in. I guess I missed them; I’m sorry. I should have stayed but I thought I would be able to see when they came back.  . 
“After I ate I went back to the marina and the boat was just being lifted out of the water. I stopped the dock-hand and asked him to let me check it before he put it on the racks. I checked every square inch David; found nothing. Then I waited for an hour just in case they might come back for some reason, but they didn’t. I asked anyone that might have seen them if they knew where they might have gone. 
“The dock-hand said he had helped the captain tie up the boat. He said that the captain washed the boat totally by himself. You and I both know that no captains ever wash their boats there. The boat-hands do that. I asked the dock-hand about that and he remarked that he thought that was very weird too since washing was included in the dock storage fee. The boat-hand remarked that he wondered who the guy was, but that many times, people other than the owners use the boats so he didn’t think too much about it. He gave me his description and it was definitely him; tall, very good looking; broad shoulders, muscular and a smile that makes men wonder why they’re not gay. It was him all right! 
“I asked if he had seen Marilyn. He said the man was alone when he returned but that he thought maybe he had seen him with a lady earlier. He said he wasn’t sure because the mornings are always very busy. He didn’t have time to pay attention to whom was doing what. I do know they were together right before I lost them though.” 
“Shut up, you idiot. What the fuck are you telling me? That he went out to sea with her and returned alone? Did he kill her or was this her chance to escape from me? I need to know the answer, Frank. She needed to die, not just vanish. She has been stealing from me for too long now and it’s time for me to get my money back. And, if she is still alive thank her for her hard work with a little surprise. The boys in Chicago will not play nice if they ever find out and you know I can only keep it from them for so long!
“That bastard had better run hard and fast because when I find him he will wish he was dead. That is my wife you are talking about. And she knows way too much for her to just vanish too, you understand me Frank?!” 
Frank nodded vehemently. “Sure – sure, David!”
“I want you to find her and bring her to me! And if she is dead I want to know! Then I want you to take care of him, slowly and painfully, got it? This time it´s your job. Do you understand me Frank, do you understand? If you don't get him I will personally hang your cojones on my mantle and throw darts at them. Your balls or his; your choice. Do you get the God - Damn – Picture – Frank!?” He stood up rapidly and threw a paperweight against the wall.
Frank put up his hands and said quietly, trying to sooth, “Yes David, don’t worry, I got it,” He went over and picked up the paperweight and placed it back on the desk just out of David’s reach. “And thank you David, for this opportunity, I won’t let you down!”
“Then do it, you fuck, and I want you to get my money back too, every fuck’n penny. She thinks I don´t know she was skimming my drugs and money and fucking that bastard. What kind of an idiot do I look like?” He counted off on his fingers; get her, get him, get my money, comprendes?  You had better, or it´s your ass too!”   
“Yes sir, I will! You don’t have a thing to worry about … I mean I understand, I will get her, him, and the money! I will take care of it all David … permanently!”
Frank  stared at David, still prepared to duck if need be. Clenching his fists, David’s face was as red as a kimono. He turned and faced Frank very slowly. Very quietly he said, “Who in the hell do they think they are messing with? They have no idea.”


Chapter 3 


They say I´m crazy. I'm not crazy; I'm Sherine, the princess of beauty, love and intrigue and of course I do have a little she-devil in me, but we all do, don’t we? . I’m not crazy.  I may be a little confused at times.  After all you would be too, wouldn’t you? Everyone I meet loves me.  Then they start to act a little crazy. It is not me.  I am not crazy.  What do they know? I can know it all and I can do it all. Crazy? They are crazy. They say I tried to hurt myself. That is crazy.  Why would I want to hurt myself?.  I love myself and everyone around me.
I had to get the love back that he took from me and I did.  That is all. He took my love and I had to get it back. He put a small piece of the devil in me when he took away my love. I want to love.  I need to love.  I live to love.  I do love... It is not right saying I am crazy. They are all so mean to me.  I am just confused and upset that is all.  Of course I knew I could get my love back because the angels told me ever night when they visited me that I could with time.  Time heals all and when I do as they say I would be at peace again
To get the devil out would be easy. I had a plan. I could see the devil in me at times when I was sleeping.  All I had to do was catch the devil with my love.  
I knew it would be easy. You can see it now. I knew he would return so I had to do was wait.  
This is not crazy. If I were crazy how would I know I had the devil in me too?   That proves that I am not crazy. They are crazy, not me.  
 That is why I did what I did. I took it all back, all of it. The devil is dead. I control the devil now, and I will for eternity. There is no devil in me now, only love.  That is why everyone loves me.  No one else can do it. They do not even see the devil. I see him and I control him now. I am free.  
So why am I locked up in this hospital, this crazy ward, this prison? I know why. He needs me to be with him. He always did. The devil has to have love too. After all he lives here too.  
If I´m crazy then how can I remember my life? I never hurt myself, like they say I did. At least I don´t remember ever hurting myself. They say I´ve hurt others. I don´t remember ever doing that either. I am a loving person, I was just confused. 
Well, I’m not confused now. That is all. I´d never hurt anyone. I love flowers. I always have flowers. How can anyone that loves flowers hurt anyone? And babies ... and dogs? ...
I can remember when I was a kid, maybe as far back as three or four. We lived with my father. I can remember my mother putting pretty dresses on me and my sister, telling us stories of beautiful islands in the sun and of how someday we would travel the world and see all the wonderful things that the world has.
One of my early memories is a few days before my parents split up. It sticks in my memory because it was near the last time. I would not see my dad for a long-long time. When we were sitting at the table, my mom asked ¨What are we doing this weekend”? My dad said, “ I’m going to Jetty Park with the girls, I promised Sherine and Michelle I would take them, they love it there.”  
He always made promises that he never kept, so I never expected we would really go. We went that day though.  Mom went too.   I love that park. It’s near the beach; lots of swings and people everywhere having fun; families all laughing and playing in the sand.  
I loved the sand too. I could sit for hours and make castles and watch the waves wash them away. It was magical for me. To see the waves wash away all the sand was like washing away all the problems and starting over, again and again.
It seemed so easy. If you did not like what you had built, just call to the waves and you could start again, but this time bigger and better. It was a beautiful time of the year. 
Dad continued drinking and finally stood up. He gave a look like he was angry at my mom about something she had done.
I didn’t care. I was dreaming about the waves and happy people. I tried not to listen to them, but they got louder and louder. I went into my world. I suppressed his anger; smothered it with hope. Castles in the air for me or the sand anyway. 
I always hoped we would go to the park. It was so pretty there. I could pick flowers and sing with the birds. And best of all I could play in the sand.
 Dad calmed down, Mom and Dad sat and talked ... or Mom talked anyway. Dad just sat there like always, letting her walk all over him. I remember that morning because that was the day they decided to separate. 
It was a good thing Mom said. Dad just continued to drink his beer and didn’t talk the whole time we were there. I played on the swings and built sand castles and watched the waves wash them away. I was washing away the memories of that life I guess; because we were about to start another. Mom said it would be better, just like the sand castles. Better each time.
When I woke the next morning I woke with bite marks on my arm. I was angry with Michelle. I didn’t understand. She had never hurt me before. But I forgave her. I could never hold anything against her.
She told me I was crazy for thinking that she would bite me while I was sleeping. She wanted to prove that the marks were not hers by biting me on the other arm to compare the marks. I chickened out because I do not like pain. Pain hurts and I only want to feel good. I hate pain. I´d do most anything to avoid pain.
I asked Michelle what it meant to get a divorce and she said “We will not be seeing daddy much now, he is going to move to a different house.” She shrugged and said, ¨maybe he will call us when he is not drunk.¨
My mother said, “It will be better; we will move to a smaller house and start a new life.” I wanted to cry but no tears came. I almost felt better. It was a strange feeling. sad and happy at once. Almost like two people inside me begging to be heard. 
I felt confused until I started playing a game in my head. I would let my happy side build the perfect castle in the sand and then, it would never last so I’d let my sad side wash over it and cleanse it away. It passed the time until I would fall asleep. I played my sand castle game to myself whenever I was confused. I was confused a lot as a child. As I got older I figured out my situations easier. I understood everything as I got older. I could control everything. I learned. 
My Mom said we would move and we did. It was not into a nice house like she promised. But at least the fighting stopped. That was good. I played my game less often.   
The house was bad. I hated the color of the walls. Ugly dark blue with grease stains. I wanted pretty light blue with clouds. Mom said it would just be for a little while.
But it wasn’t.


Chapter 4


Years earlier the job Evon had for years wasn’t much. She worked in a small curiosity shop on Merritt Island, just a few blocks from the mall there. It allowed her to meet lots of men that live in the area though; rich men. She was still pretty then, so over the years she met many men. But, none wanted to be with her for more than a short time. As pretty as she was, it’s hard to be with someone who thinks she is smarter than she is, and never afraid to let you know. She was overbearing, a one-woman stampede.
That is until she met Smitty. He was different. After their first date she told Sherine and Michelle, “This one’s the one, girls. As soon as I seen him I said to myself ‘Grab on to that one Evon, he’s the one!’” She spent most of her spare time with him. They never went to his house and that seemed weird to Sherine. 
Evon would tell them that someday they’d move to a big house on the water and have Smitty as their new dad. That scared Sherine a little so she played her game. She went into her world where everything was fine. She fantasized and her happy side told herself, “our new dad will be handsome. He will love us and take us places we have never seen and we will all be so happy.” 
That was the opposite of what her sad side told her. Her sad side said that he would be mean and spend all his time with Evon. It told her she would not get any attention; no love. The waves crashed.
Sherine and Michelle’s father never called much and when he did he rarely ever talked to the girls. Sherine struggled with this. “What did I do wrong? Why does he reject me?” she wondered to herself. She cried and blubbered “I’m sorry Daddy!”
So, that’s the way it was, he seldom called, but when he did, Evon would usually end up hanging up on him. Then she’d sit and stare at nothing for hours. If she did call him once in a while, it was only to bitch him out. Once Sherine heard her say, “If you don’t pay for your daughter’s school clothes you will never see them again, I’ll make sure of that!” She was always so loud. She slammed the phone and cried. 
At first, Sherine would try to soothe her. “It will be OK Mom, we don´t need Dad. He´s always drunk anyway.” On those nights she built castles for hours before dozing off to dreamland. Dad disappeared after that. It just seemed that one day, he was no longer there.
Sherine remembered when her mom met Smitty. One day they didn’t have school and they had visited the store for the afternoon. Evon was talking to a tall man. He was slim and very good looking.  
Evon was extremely pretty too and she could attract the attention of any man if she wanted. She had long golden hair, and a good figure. She was smiling and giggling as he was talking. Sherine heard her say to him as she reached across the glass counter and stroked his arm, “OK, I´ll meet you, but just for coffee.” 
He laughed too. He turned and saw Sherine sitting in the corner. He turned back and winked at Evon, “Now who is this gorgeous little creature?” His smile was so bright and his eyes so penetrating that Sherine stopped swinging her legs for a minute and brazenly looked back up at him.
“I’m Sherine” she told him and slid off the counter and held out a small hand.
“Well aren’t you just about the prettiest girl I’ve seen in a long-long time?” He took her hand in both of his and knelt down to look her in her eyes. Sherine was mesmerized and could only smile up at him, twisting a pale blond tress in her slender fingers.
Sherine tried to memorize a poem she had seen in one of the books in the store. It was about a pretty girl that had special powers. She could make the sun shine on a rainy day. It was so pretty. She had to leave before she could memorize all of it. But she did remember it started by saying, “Even on a cloudy day, if one looks between the mists high in the sky you can see the shimmer of God’s eye.” After that all she remembered was something about rain drops are tears from heaven that are sent to us ... .
Later, Evon talked incessantly about the man she had met. His name was Michael, but ‘everyone’ called him Smitty. She and Smitty spent a lot of time together and, as Sherine had worried, her mom had less time for her. Sherine and Michelle were always together whenever they weren’t in school; or at least when Michelle was not sneaking off to see boys. 
It was not long before Smitty moved in. One day, he was just there, toothbrush in the bathroom and dirty underwear in with their laundry. 
Michelle told Sherine right after he moved in, “he is evil! He only brought those gifts because he knew that Mom would fall in love with him if he was nice to us.” Sherine liked the gifts and the attention Smitty gave to her.  She did not really remember her father much.   Michelle missed their father more than Sherine. She had known him longer; before Evon’s constant browbeating drove him to drink so much. She was older and remembered the better days. “He was not always a drunk, Sher; only during the last couple years mom and he were married.”  
When Smitty was with Sherine he would whisper in her ear, “oh Sherine, my little princess … .” That was his private name for her.  He always whispered it and never repeated it to anyone else. He said to her “it’s our little secret name my little princess; only ours.” She thought he meant it. She thought she was special.
She hated it even more when he would tuck her in for the night, then leave and go into Evon’s room.  
Smitty often took all of them to dinner and Evon would always tell the girls to thank him. “Tell him how much we enjoyed the food and appreciate his help girls.” Even at this young age, Sherine knew he was paying the bills. She understood that that made Evon happier, so she kept to herself and did as she was told to.  
Michelle brought Spinner home one day; her new boyfriend. Evon hated him immediately. He was about eight or ten years older, dressed bad and did not have a job. She said to Sherine, “I do not know what to do Sher. That sister of yours is not listening to me and I will not have her act like this.” Sherine kept her mouth shut.
As the months passed, Michelle’s time with Sherine grew less and less. All she could talk about was Spinner and his friends. At times he and his friends would drive by their house on their motorcycles and do circles on the yard. He would make so much noise that the neighbors would call and complain. Evon would tell them that she would stop the noise, but she never did; never could. 
Once the old man next door stepped outside and started yelling at Spinner. Spinner told him to shut up and mind his own business or he would come over there and shove his fist down his throat. Spinner and two of his friends drove over to his yard and tore up some of the lawn. The old man ran into his house and never came back out.  
Smitty always acted as if he actually cared about the girls. Sherine loved the attention.   She began to crave the attention although it was not often and very sporadic.  Evon seemed to always interrupt the few times she actually had with Smitty.
Sherine cried herself to sleep many nights, especially when Smitty said good night to her and then retired in the master bedroom with Evon.  She dreamed that she would tie him up so he would never leave. She knew it would never happen, but she also knew that someday she would get him all to herself and be able to do whatever she wanted with him. She made it happen with every castle she built.
She sank back into her game. She let her happy side tell her all about what it would be like when he was all hers. The castles grew more and more majestic. But her sad side told her that he was dangerous, like Michelle says, very very frightfully dangerous. “He may even kill me,” she thought, and somehow even that thought soothed her. “He scares me.”
“He pretends to protect us,” she continued. He would say, “I don´t want you girls here alone. This is a bad area of town and I would feel terrible if anything would happen to you.”  
That was his excuse so he could be alone with them during the day when Evon would go to work. He manipulated them in many ways. He brought books to read. He said they should read and not go outside. Michelle said he had no right to tell us that we could not go outside. All the other kids could go outside. Since Michelle was older she would not listen to him at times and she would do what she wanted. That left Sherine and Smitty alone. Then, he was with her only. Mom was not there. They would spend hours together. Only at these times would he seem to let his guard down, would seem to relax although she knew he had an agenda hidden within his mind that she wanted to know and maybe even understand. 
One day they all went to see where Smitty worked - or where he said he worked.   He always seemed to have money but never really had a work schedule.  He would leave often only to return when Evon was at work.  He told us to never tell mom he had left work early.  Sherine thought that they went to see his work place was because her mom wondered if he really had a job. 
She heard her asking him once about his work and it sounded to her like he was not telling her the truth.  Sherine could hear her mom tell Michelle many times that he always had money but never seemed to have a real job. “Do you want to see where I work,” he screamed at her once.  
“We´d love to!” a disbelieving Evon said as she slammed the door behind her on her way to work one day. 
“Then let’s go tomorrow,” he screamed behind her. Michelle did not want to go. She never wanted to go anywhere with Smitty. She wanted to see Spinner and that was all.  
The next day Smitty said, “Get in the car girls.” He told them, “we’re going for a ride by the beach. We’ll have lunch and then I´ll show you where I work. Remember,” he continued, “it´s very secret, I work for the government.”  
“Ok!” Sherine said. She felt like she was with James Bond. She had seen some of the movies, and she felt important and sneaky because Smitty had told her he was a spy.  
They drove to the beach and Sherine thought, as always, that it was beautiful. “Wow, I want to make sand castles like I did when I was little,” she begged. It seemed like it had been a lifetime since she had done that.
“Go on, have fun baby.” Mom and Smitty said at the same time. She thought “I bet I can build a big one now, so big that the waves will not wash it away.”  
She dug and dug and she built defensive walls, and moats, but the waves still came and washed her castle away. The more she dug the bigger the waves got. She did not understand about the tides then. She just thought it was her sad side telling her something. “My happy side never spoke,” she cried.
Evon said, “Hey, what’s all this? Let’s have some lunch now and stop all this nonsense.” She said, “where do you want to eat hon? Smitty said anywhere was fine.”
“Let’s go to that little deli behind your store Mom,” Michelle said immediately. She grabbed her towel and headed for the car, tugging on Evon’s arm.  
“If that will make you happy that’s fine with me.” She laughed. She pulled her arm back and began throwing things in their large beach bag. Smitty stood and pulled a tight t-shirt over his muscular torso. He looked down at Sherine and mimed for her approval.
Sherine wiped her eyes with a sandy hand, “I´d like that, I want the biggest roast beef sandwich they have with a huge pickle and ice cream, I want ice cream.”
They went to eat together and afterwards Smitty took them to his workplace. “Ok, here we are, that’s my workplace,” Smitty pointed as he put the Jeep in park. They had driven for a long time before they finally stopped in front of a large building. Sherine remembered it had said something about COMMUNICATIONS. “Top secret girls, otherwise we could go in,” Smitty said and winked at Sherine.  Michelle mumbled, “yea, top secret.” They were less than impressed. It looked like a big ugly building to them, with no trees. Hot and ugly.
After that day, they went to the beach pretty often. She did love going to the beach with Smitty. It was probably the best thing she liked to do with him, maybe the only thing. Smitty was always happy and calm there and Michelle and Evon enjoyed watching the men in their tight bathing suites. Michelle told her “most of the men that wear the tight suites are gay you know.” Sherine had to ask her what that meant and was told that they like men and not women. She was also told that some of the girls there like women and that they kiss girls. She remembered kissing Michelle one time, years ago. She liked that. “Maybe I´m gay,” she thought.
As the girls got a little older, Smitty would take them to the billiards hall a few blocks from the house. When they were good, or on a Saturday afternoon when they had finished cleaning the house they would all load up and go. He never allowed them near it unless he was with them though. He said there were too many drug dealers near there and that they could get hurt. Many times Evon would come too. She loved to watch them shoot pool. Smitty was pretty good and he enjoyed teaching them, especially Sherine. He would wrap his arm around her and hug her.   They’d laugh together as Smitty whispered in her ear. “my little Princess.”  Evon just smiled and sipped her beer. 
She did not drink much, but at the pool hall she seemed to like beer more. Maybe it calmed her down a bit. Smitty was a good teacher. He showed Sherine how to reach almost all the way across the table to hit the cue ball. He would stand behind her and tell her to lean into it. “Lean more; come on, hit that ball … that a girl,”  As she would stand up after her shot he would place his hands on her shoulders and tell her that he thought she was a natural. It made her feel wonderful.  As she got older she could see the men in the hall going way out of their way to stand or sit behind her as she leaned into her shots. She sensed their lust and she loved it.
She had watched her mom manipulate men many times over the years and often when Smitty was not with them. She grew bolder and she began to experiment. She learned quickly what men wanted, after all, it was no big secret. A couple times she even picked out a man who was with his wife. She would deliberately lean way over and catch his eye and to see if she could control him.  
It was like magic. Every time, whether the man was old, young, single or married, she could control his thoughts. Her mom had shown her it could be done, and she and Smitty showed her how. She was lethal. Every movement oozed sexuality. She was learning how to control men and get what she wanted, “just like mom,” she thought.
Smitty tried to wrap his arms around Michelle once at the pool hall, but she told him to get away. Of course Evon laughed and told Michelle to relax. She said, “He's only trying to help, let him help. You can learn angles by playing pool.”  
Michelle was a natural though. She could slam the balls and she did learn the angles. Sherine was slower but she got pretty good too; good enough that she could beat many of the older men there, especially after they had a few drinks. She even won a few dollar bets.  
Evon said, “See Sherine, you can make a living now, you can become a professional pool player like Minnesota Fats.” 
“Whoever he was,” she thought. “Maybe Smitty was right, maybe I am a natural.”
One thing she learned very clear though. The more she leaned over for the shots the more money she would win. She was becoming a good student. She learned to play pool and to hustle men, “just like mom”. She was learning more and more about men everyday then; lessons that would come in handy later in life. 
She told herself, “Yup, I’m putting together the pieces of the puzzle of life and testing my knowledge. I’m able to control almost any man in the pool hall. I can feel the rush I get when I lean over for the hard shots and see the men watching me with total desire. It’s like they’re under my spell. If I smile as I lean over at them, they don’t know what to do.” She marvelled at her own power. “I can see that they are nervous and excited, especially if they’re with their girlfriends or wives. Yup, I learned the power of my beauty. I can have any man I want and get anything I want from them, even the men that are taken.”
Evon knew what was going on but she never said anything against it. She told Sherine and Michelle both that it was natural for a beautiful young girl to want to show off a little and that is was good for them. She always told them they were good girls to do it and that we all had to do our part to keep our house and to put food on the table. She’d say there was nothing wrong with a little tease now and then and that if the men wanted to give them a gift, well that was fine too.
Then one night Sherine could hear her mother screaming at Smitty, “How in hell did you arrange this?  A joint credit line account and I did not know about it?  You have taken everything we had and hundreds of thousands we did not have.  Where is the money?  You lied to me, to us.  You are nothing but a thief.  Get out of this house! I should call the police; have you arrested. I can´t believe what I’ve  been that stupid all these years.  
“I hate you,” Michelle was screaming too, “I’m calling Spinner, he will save us.” Michelle ran for the phone. Smitty  slammed her in the face and tried to grab her but he fell.    He was so drunk he could hardly walk.  Michelle quickly called Spinner and he said he’d be right over with some of his friends to help.
Evon screamed again, crying. She grabbed Michelle and asked if she was ok.  Sherine walked over the the corner of the room not hearing anything that was going on, away from the door and sat down slowly smiling.  Her body was limp. She mumbled, “I am playing happy and sad Mom, I´m OK Mom.”  
  Evon screamed, “I’ve heard you on the phone a couple times in the past talking about your messes you had to clean up, but I did not want to believe it.  You are a thief and a dangerous one.    I know now.   I will be sure you go to jail.  I will not rest until you are behind bars.” 
Smitty turned slowly and looked at her. He could also see Sherine in the corner singing and smiling.  He winked at her then he focused on Evon with full fury.  He then blinked his eyes a few times as if he was waking up. With a look that would send shivers down a dead man’s spine, he very slowly and sternly said, “Really, you think you know me now...  Count your days.  I will be back. I will eliminate you.” He didn’t snarl, or yell. He was just clear and concise. It was like he was reporting the evening news. It had already happened. “You are all loose ends now and I hate loose ends. I will take care of you like I did all the others.”  
He looked at Michelle and told her that if Spinner came he would kill them all. Then he exploded and a heavy fist came from nowhere. It slammed into Michelle's left temporal region and knocked her against the wall. She slid down to the floor, stunned, next to Sherine.   Sherine kept singing quietly to herself, “I ain't going to school no more.” 
Smitty straightened himself back up. He rubbed the back of his bruised knuckles and looked slowly, back and forth at all three of them. “You should be more careful whom you let into your life,” he laughed. “And when I’m back you will all wish you were in hell because hell will be a major improvement. I can guarantee that.” 
Evon and Michelle remained there silently and stared, too scared to move a muscle.  Sherine smiled and said I will miss you Smitty, please be careful.  Smitty looked at her and shook his head in disbelief, then turned and walked away slowly as if this was an everyday event. He truly was the monster that Michelle had seen right away and that even Sherine sometimes believed. Evon shuddered and said, “Oh God what have I done?”   Sherine spoke with a smile and said,  “He will come back   again and kill us won't he?”
“See, I remember it all, so how can I be crazy? A crazy person would not remember every little detail like I do. I am normal. What are they talking about”?


Chapter 5

“I can’t believe that was so easy. A quick two hour flight and here I am in a brand new world; lots of money, endless time and ready to start again. Life is good.” He looked out his window as the plane taxied and continued his reverie. “Lots of sunshine here, beaches close, women ready for the picking …” Smitty had just landed in the Dominican Republic. 
As he walked through baggage claim his mind raced. “I wonder if Marilyn floated up to shore somewhere.” He stood at the baggage carrousel and watched as the bags ran by. He went back in time to see himself standing at the back of the boat watching Marilyn sink out of site. His vision tunnelled and he breathed in and out slowly. “Fuck,” he cursed under his breath, “seems like a million years ago.” A ringing bell brought him out of his fantasy. He opened his eyes to see the carrousel had stopped and his luggage was waiting for him. “Well, it has been a whole two days already … wow time passes fast when you are having fun. Now, one small surgery for insurance sake and I’m home free and ready to start a new adventure. 
He retrieved his bag and after paying ten bucks – some kind of tourist fee he gathered - he breezed through customs. “Man, they didn’t even look! I could have brought anything in. No dogs either. What a bunch of amateurs!”
He walked out the sliding glass doors and left the air conditioning. He was surprised. It wasn’t nearly as hot as he had expected. Definitely a lot more pleasant than that clambake Florida he had just left. 
Once outside he was immediately accosted by a half dozen guys all dressed in different colored versions of the same matching shirts and their ubiquitous dark sunglasses. “Taxi! Taxi!” They were all shouting and jostling to get in front of him. Several others were hawking myriad items for sale. There were phones, phone cards and phone paraphernalia. Others had movie and music CD’s, many with newly released films not even in theatres yet. There were also water bottles, nuts of some kind, souvenirs and more; all available for the picking. “Well,” he smiled to himself, “I guess that old saying I heard is true, ‘Every day in the DR ten million entrepreneurs wake up!”
“Yea, taxi” he yelled to one of the closest guys and a beat up Toyota slid in front of him. “You call this a cab?” he said as he got in.   
“Hola señor. Where you want go my fren? Where you live?” He winked a scarred eye and said “Ah, you want chicas? Muchas chicas muy muy bonitas! You want chicas señor? Mi inglés es muy bien yes? Habla español?” 
“Do I look like I speak Spanish? Stop with the questions, got it?”  
“Got what my fren?” the cabbie responded innocently.  
“Come on you idiot, just drive and stop with the questions, comprende?”  
“Oh, you want me not talk, yes senor, si' my fren?”  
“I’m not your fucking ‘fren’ either - make conversation with someone else, not me. I'm tired and I do not want to hear you.”
The cabbie’s English was bad, but not that bad. He got the idea so he shut up and started driving toward the airport exit. As they neared the exit the cabbie slowed, but Smitty was there, “Take me to the Clinic Of Plastic Surgery, the one near the Presidential Palace. It’s across the street from the Palace.”  
“Cirugía de plástico?” the cabbie said with a questioning look, wondering if his translation was correct and somehow sensing it had better be. He tried another guess; “Cirugía de plástico señor, cerca del edificio Congrecional?”  
“What are you saying? I want to go to the plastic surgery center near the Capital Building. The clinic; the clinic!”  
“Oh, sí, quiere la Clínica de cirugía plástica, si’ señor, cerca el Palacio Presidencial, no problema, muy rápido, no problema mi fren … mi amig … , uh si señor, es tres mil pesos y treinta minutos.”
“That’s right; however you say it, just get me there. Make it fast too, they will close soon. 
The cabbie pulled into traffic and Smitty grimaced at all the trash, derelict cars and dilapidated buildings. Loud music beat its way through the closed taxi window at every stop. The driver said, “Es una buena clínica señor r; muchos extranjeros … foreigners, that go there. Muchas estrellas, you know, movie stars go there that do not want their real names to be known.” He gave a sudden start and looked hard in the rear view mirror, “Are you a movie star senor?” 
“I told you, stop with the BS! Just take me there.”  
“OK?” he ducked, “Sí señor, yes sir.”
A few minutes later they arrived and the cabbie threw the heap into park. “This is it señor. That will be three thousand pesos,” he added nervously. Smitty peeled three one-thousand peso notes and some change from a wad and handed it over to the cabbie..  
“Ok, here, take it and keep the change,” he said as he thought, “Fuck me, I must be feeling rich today,
“Do you wish I to wait for you señor?”   
“No, I´ll be a while.” He turned to go up the steps, thought better of it and turned back, “Hey, give me your cell number though in case I want to call you later.”  
The cabbie hesitated and then understood, “Ah, ok, mi numero, sí.” He pulled out his phone and, looking at the little window he pressed the button and said, “Listo? Ready? Es ocho cero ...”
“No, no! Write it down you idiot! Christ, I’ve known fucking dust pans smarter than you! Don’t you even have a fucking card?” He’d had enough and he turned and stomped up the stairs. “Never mind, fuck it, you ask too many questions anyway, I'll find another.”   
The cabbie looked confused and said, “I'll get a pen and write for you … muy pronto,” and pushed past Smitty heading for the doors.  
“No, forget it, there are cabs everywhere.” He continued walking and went up and into the freezing air conditioning of the medical building. As the doors closed behind him he turned and watched the cabbie slap the roof of his car as he climbed in to leave, “that dumb idiot must be a rocket scientist.” He looked back around and took in the clinic’s cool modern interior and was impressed. “Damn this is as good a clinic as you’d find in Hollywood!” He let out a soft whistle, “Look at all the lovely lady’s photos on the walls.” 
He stopped and took off his sunglasses. “Looking better all the time baby! New life, lots of money and nothing to do but start my new adventure. Hey, isn’t that …” but at that moment he found himself looking at the receptionist. He stopped dead in his tracks for a second and swallowed hard. He mumbled to himself, “my god; look at the babe at the front desk. Ho-lee shit!”  
“Can I help you sir?” All he heard was a lovely tone that betrayed only the slightest hint of sexy accent. “Was that English,” he wondered.
He composed himself and continued up to the desk. “Yes please, I want to see a surgeon.” He tried to give her his best self-deprecating smile. “You see, I hate my nose and I want to consult with a surgeon to see what can be done.” He leaned over dropping his head a bit and pointed to his mangled brow, and I have this little scar on my eye lid here that needs some attention.” His mind went back to the vision of Marilyn’s last breath. He shivered pleasantly with the help of the air conditioning.
The front desk girl stared up at his eye and nodded. “Yes, of course. Please have a seat, Mister ... ”
He turned and snapped at her; his old paranoid self; raising its ugly head, “uh, yes, mister, Mister Jones is just fine.” He caught himself and toned it down a bit, “Um, excuse me, I was told that no name was required here, you know a celebrity thing.”   
“Oh yes, of course, and I suspect you will be paying ... ”
“Yes of course … cash.”  
“That is fine sir, excellent in fact. We offer a ten percent discount for cash,” she winked. “Please make yourself at home while I make a quick call. One of our fine surgeons will be right with you to answer all of your questions.”   
He sat down in a plush chair and perused some magazine. They were all the same. They seemed to be nothing but pictures of local wanna-be celebrities at various galas, charities and social events. A few minute later she called “Oh, here comes Dr. Sanchez now. English is best for you, right?” 
“Oh yes, English, definitely English,” he smiled.  
Dr. Sanchez entered the waiting area and introduced himself. “I'm Dr. Sanchez, it is certainly my pleasure to meet you, Mr. uh ...”     
“Mister Jones is fine,” he snapped back again.  
“OK, ok, ‘Mister Jones’ it is.” He smiled and touched his finger to his nose comically. “Please come into my office.” When they were settled and after Dr. Sanchez had offered beverages he asked “So ‘Mister Jones’, what brings you to our fine establishment today?”
“I would like a complete lift and a chisel job on my nose ... and this scar over my eyelid, I don't want to forget that.”  
The doctor stood and turned an LED procedural lamp toward Smitty. The lamp had one of those bulbs shaped like a big ‘O’. He dropped a set of eye glasses off his forehead onto his thick nose and leaned in, studying his face. Struggling into a pair of rubber gloves, he took Smitty’s chin in a soft pudgy hand and turned it back and forth in the not-too-flattering light, slowly inspecting all. “Interesting scar,” he murmured as he rose and pushed back the light, switching it off. He sat on the edge of the desk and rubbed the back of his neck as he took the glasses from his nose. Inspecting them thru the ambient light of a window, he pulled a handkerchief from an inside pocket. He breathed on the lenses and started methodically cleaning them. “Almost looks like someone bit you.”  
“You might say that. Yea, it is a love scar, from one that was drowning in love,” he said with a smile and then continued, “I want a new look Doc.”    
“May I ask why?”   
“No, you may not. If you must ask why, then I must go elsewhere.”
“No, no.” Dr. Sanchez stood and gently placed his hands on Smitty’s shoulders. “I'd be more than happy to not ask any question, hey, it's your body, right?”   
“Ok now, that is what I like to hear.”   
Sanchez walked back around his desk and sat. He shuffled the mouse on his computer to wake it up and Smitty leaned forward. “And Doc, I am not the sort of person you want to fail with, you dig me? I trust the surgery will be perfect, right?”   
Dr. Sanchez’s eyes widened, “Of course sir, I am the best and I pride myself on my reputation.” He sat up haughtily and jerked his lapels, straightening his lab coat. No one said a word for a minute then Sanchez leaned over the desk getting a better look at his face once again. He rose and came back around the desk pulling a skin marker from a front pocket. He turned the lamp back on and repositioned it in front of Smitty’s face. “Do you mind sir,” he asked as he held the thick pen up for Smitty to see. Smitty nodded.
 He dropped his glasses in place once more and began to make small dots and small lines on Smitty’s hard face and said, “Well Mr.,  uh, sorry, uh, I think if we pulled a little here …” He pointed to a small fine line from the angle of the chin to the lateral upper right lip. … and, if we angle the nose here just a little …” he then placed a dot over the upper nostril, “… you will be happy with the new look. You will look much younger and certainly more sophisticated. I bet even your friends would have a hard time recognizing you. That is what you want right? Mr. Jones?”
“No questions, let’s just stick to the topic, doctor, my personal life is my business … remember?”
“Yes, yes of course.”
“When can we do this?” Sanchez had given him what appeared to be a moist towelette and a mirror. Smitty began removing the ink marks, surprised at how easily they came off.
“How soon do you want it done?” He sat back down at his computer.
“The sooner the better for me.”
Dr. Sanchez looked at this computer and said, “We so happen to have an opening day after tomorrow ... Wednesday, early morning. How’s that sound?”
“Perfect, I’ll take it.” Smitty stood, ready to go.
“OK, Wednesday morning it is then ... 6 AM now. Oh, and no food or drink of any kind for eight hours before the surgery. The professional fee is ... ”
Smitty held up his hand, “Don’t worry about the fee Doc, just make me look different and do it good and you will be well paid.”
“Certainly Mr, Jones, certainly.” They shook hands and Dr. Sanchez walked him back out to the sliding glass doors. They said their goodbyes.
Dr. Sanchez watched through the window until his new patient was in a cab. He looked at his receptionist and rolled his eyes. “He will be a difficult one I think … and, I hope it will be worth it. He has something or someone that he is hiding from and that always scares me. I like the movie stars better; all I worry about with them is getting world-wide exposure.” He chuckled, “No bad deal there, huh?” 
He turned back to the window and watched the cab pull out into traffic. “With him though, I wonder who might break down the door and kill us. I wish I knew what it is that he is hiding or from whom he is hiding.” He thought about that for a second, “Ha!” He laughed harshly, “maybe I don’t want to know! Either way he should be history in just a week or so. Thank God we have plenty of security here. I got a weird feeling from him. Very unsettling to say the least.” 
He turned and patted his beautiful receptionist on a porcelain arm. “Probably nothing to worry about dear. Most people are quite nervous when they come in here, right? Be sure to charge him top dollar though. I have a feeling we will earn every penny on this one! Tell me, why do I do this?” 
She looked at Dr. Sanchez and shook her pretty head, “because you love the money, that’s why.”
He laughed again, “oh, yeah, I forgot.” He patted her arm once more and turned and walked off.
Thursday morning came and the alarm on his Breitling chimed much too early. He rolled over to shut it off and thought, “Damn, time already.” He yawned. His empty stomach growled as he remembered his agenda and quickly sat up, “Ok, it's show-time! Let's get this little job done. A little snip here, a tuck there and I won’t have to worry about none of them assholes!” He quickly showered and dressed and rode the slow elevator down to the ground floor. Walking by the front desk of his hotel, he stopped to talk to the lady there.   
She looked up and quietly said, “You are up early sir, special occasion? There’s coffee in that urn over there.”
“No, just some business. I will not be coming back though, so don't keep my room for me. Here,” he said as he gave her a couple of neatly folded bills. “This should do it, right?”?
She unfolded them and stared. Her huge smile needed no words but she said, “Yes sir, this will do it. Where are you going?” 
He turned back slowly and stared for a couple seconds. He smiled perversely, “what the fuck do you care?”   
Startled, she looked away and said, “just trying to be nice ...”    
“Well don’t waste your time with me, I’m not a nice person. Keep it to yourself. If anyone asks about me, tell them that I went back to LA. Got it?”   
“Of course,” she stammered. “Er, any bags? Need any help?”
“Just forget I was ever here. It would be better for you.”
Walking through the exit doors he thought, “There had better be taxis here or I will be pissed.” He needn’t have worried. Just up the street he saw one turning his direction. Impatiently waiting he stared at the cab until it got close enough for him to yell at. “Hey taxi!” he yelled. The cab drove right on by without stopping. “If I could, I would kill that stupid mother fucker. What an asshole.” 
Pissed off and overly angry he walked back into the hotel and told the receptionist to call a taxi.  
“My pleasure, for now?”  
He looked at her, thinking, “What a fricking pinhead!” and said aloud, “Yes now. Just do it, and do it now. I will be out in front of the hotel and I expect that I will see a taxi in a couple minutes, right?”   
As he stepped onto the sidewalk another taxi pulled up and the cabbie rolled down the window, “need a ride, sir?” 
He looked at him with disbelief and said, “yes, to the Plastic Surgery Group in front of the Palacio.” 
“OK, I’ll have you there in twelve minutes or less. Jump in.” He held an arm out the window and just sort of forced his way into the oncoming traffic, horns blowing everywhere. “Going to get a little tune up, are you?” 
“Fuck! Why is everybody so fucking nosy? Don’t have anything else in your miserable lives, is that it?” He pounded his fist on the door. “Just drive, and don't hit any dogs, I hate the sight of blood.” He leaned back in his seat and stared out the window. He didn’t want to admit it, but he was nervous. “If it’s my blood that is.”
When he arrived at the clinic, Dr. Sanchez, two surgical nurses, and an anaesthesiologist were all waiting for him. Dr. Sanchez introduced the team to him and said, “Right this way, Mr. Smi...er, uh, Jones. Mr. Jones ... sorry about that” 
A short while later Smitty was laying on a gurney staring up into bright lights. “Ok, Mr. Jones, count back please from ten, ok? And nine, and eight, seven ... ”
Later that afternoon after the surgery, Dr. Sanchez walked into his room. He smiled and asked “how are you feeling sir?”   
Smitty was groggy, but he grabbed Sanchez’s arm and pulled him up within a few inches of his face. “I pulled the gauze back a little and looked; you had better have some words that I want to hear asshole. What the hell happened? The surgery did NOT go fine! You call yourself a surgeon and this circus, you call a clinic,” he yelled at Dr. Sanchez. 
“I hate the way it looks, it’s crooked, I want it straight. What is wrong with you? And you expect me to pay for this? I should have you killed for this. I can do that you know. I warned you, it had better be perfect or I will have you killed. I flew half way around the world for this ... what in the hell is wrong with you?  Where did you buy your freak’n degree ... from K-Mart?”   
“Please, relax sir. I assure you, everything is fine. We have to do it in two procedures because your blood pressure spiked and we could not get it back in line. There was no reason to take a risk, so we halted the rest of the operation. I assure you Mr. Jones, we only have a minor alignment left to do on your nose and ... ."
“That’s all you can say? ‘Relax?’ It´s my fucking face you´re playing with. It´s my face and all you can say is relax. Fix it and fix it fast.”   
“Yes sir, right away.” Sanchez jumped up and fumbled with something in the IV next to the bed. “But for now you need to sleep, please just sleep. If you get more upset you may tear the stitches and then we will not be able to fix it. Please, lie back down; close your eyes and sleep. You need sleep. I assure you, we will fix it and you will be perfect, you have my guarantee. But for now lay back and sleep, please. You will look so much better after you rest.” 
Smitty started getting groggy and as he lay back he heard the nurse say “you’re needed in Admin Dr. Sanchez.” He fought off the drugs for a second and grabbed Sanchez’s arm, “Fuck you asshole, you work for me; don't forget that! You work for me and if you fuck me up you will not work again because I will make it so you can't. Get the picture?”   
“Yes sir, I certainly do, loud and clear sir.” 
The next morning they brought him into the operating room once again and prepped him for the surgery. Sanchez leaned over and told him “I know you will be happy after this small alignment. But please, you must relax and work with us.” 
Ten minutes later the anaesthesiologist gave the doctor a nod. With trembling hands Dr. Sanchez began.  
“OK nurse; let’s get it right, right?” Sanchez announced. “I am going to do it all, even the final stitches. Just pay very close attention and give me what I ask for. Let's just get this done and over with. This guy is scary and I want him out of here. ASAP!” 
The nurse nodded and Dr. Sanchez said, “Scalpel.”
He carefully drew a small line with the scalpel to the side of Smitty’s nose. He made a couple small cross hatches to enable him to line up the tissue perfectly. Blood began to drip from the small incisions. With shaking hands he slowly deepened the cuts until his incisions were deep enough to expose the nose cartilage. As he worked, he cauterized the small arteries one by one and only a very small amount of blood oozed slowly. “Give me some gauze,” he told the nurse over and over again as he gently chiselled the bone on the right side of the juncture of the cartilage and the frontal bone.”  
About twenty minutes later Dr. Sanchez looked up, and asked the nurse to wipe his brow. “That should do it. Hand me that suture, no, the other one, the number-five nylon please.” He took his time making sure everything was right. “Dammit!” he thought to himself as he sewed. “This definitely did not go as planned. A second procedure was definitely not in the plans. This asshole should have been out of here already.” Mumbling aloud he said “damn, he makes me nervous and this is the wrong time to be nervous.
“He will like his nose now though, it´s straight and the other stuff will really will make him look younger.” He thought to himself again, “I hope to God he does or this guy will kill me. I think he was serious.” He wiped his brow once again, “Fuck, why do I do this stuff? I have a great life and yet I seem to constantly get myself into these jams. Addicted to the stress I guess. That has to be the only reason.” He smirked to himself, “Yeah, right. Well, the money doesn’t hurt either, does it?”
As Dr. Sanchez was pulling off his gloves he wiped the sweat from under his chin and the back of his neck. He tossed the tissues and gloves in the medical waste canister and the surgical nurse asked, “Doctor, what about his eye lid? You think it will be good enough for him?”
He positioned the overhead light once again and scrutinized his handiwork. “Yeah, that’s just fine I think. I think it looks fine. It’s the best we could do with what we had to work with. He can call it a beauty mark; it’s so hard to see.” He pushed the light aside and turned to his nurse “I want him out of here as fast as we can get him out.”  
“You did a good job Eric; the nose and cheeks look perfect and the eyelid is really good too. He definitely does not look like he did before. Unless you were his mother you would never recognize him.”  She gently patted some dried blood and mucus from around Smitty’s swollen cheeks. “He looked fine before; actually quite handsome in fact. I wonder why he wanted to look different.”
“No, you probably don’t want to know! And don’t say anything to him when he wakes up either. Not one question or comment, just smile and get him out of here.” He looked squarely at her, “I just want him out of here.” Dr. Sanchez took her by the elbow. “He’s a trouble maker and I don’t have time for trouble. He even looks mean, like a killer. His money is not worth the aggravation. I think we made a bad decision this time.”  
“Now Dr. Sanchez, remember, you’re in it for the money,” she soothed, “and he will be paying a lot.” 
“Yea, but this time I’m thinking that maybe the money is not worth it,” he replied.  
She shrugged, “I think maybe you are right this time, he could be dangerous.” She hustled over to her surgery-tools tray and started gathering everything for the sanitizer. “Don’t worry Eric; we’ll get him out of here pronto!”
“Nurse, when he wakes, be sure to watch him, but keep as distant as you can. In all my years of plastic surgery he is the worst patient I have ever had. Remember, watch him, but keep your distance. He is very capable of tearing the sutures and blaming us. He will be waking up again and he will be yelling at someone very soon.” Then Dr. Sanchez stopped his rant and turned to go. As he was walking away he nodded at the nurse once again. “Thanks Luz Maria. You always do such good work.”  
“Thank you doctor,” she blushed. “I´ll take good care of him. He´ll be out of here ASAP; ... the sooner the better.”
“Yes, I agree.”

An hour later..... 

“Did you hear that?” Luz Maria said.
“Yes I did.” Sanchez responded. She walked toward the sounds.
“Nurse! Nurse!” She could hear him yelling from the room at the end of the hallway. She nervously tugged at an ear as she walked rapidly. “Now I want him out of here as much as Dr. Sanchez!” She quickly entered the room with a big smile and said, “How can I help you sir? I trust you are bright-eyed and bushy tailed now and ready to get on with your life’s adventure.”  
He looked at her with a stare that could kill and said, “Cut the BS, I want some help here, not your crap.”    
She knew that he was always angry so by this time she did not allow his tone to bother her as much as before. She was a tough nurse and had seen patients of every imaginable description and demeanor. 
Nurse Luz had told the other nurses at the nurse’s station to leave him up to her. Now she wondered if she would regret it. She had told this to Dr. Sanchez as well, so she had no choice but to smile and do what had to be done. “It is my job to be sure he causes no trouble,” she told herself.
She smiled at him and asked again, how she could help.
“What a dumb question,” he snapped. “How do you think you can help? Come on, fuck, what do you think I want? I want this fucking catheter out of me right now. It’s killing me! And I want to get cleaned up and get out of here. And I’m fucking hungry!”
“No sir!” she responded with authority, “you know you have to rest for a day or so before you can leave.” 
But larger forces were calling and he knew he had to get out of there. He had to keep moving. He sat up and threw his legs over the side of the bed ranting, “If I knew how bad the surgeons are here and how poor the service is in the shitty country I would have gone to Mexico …” he winced in pain as he leaned forward trying to get his center of gravity fixed so he could make an attempt to stand, tubes or no tubes. “…yes, Mexico,” he grunted, “for this fucking surgery and not here in the shit hole.” 
He stopped and stared at her like she was the fault of the world, “You call this a country? And Santo Domingo? What a place! Garbage all over … millions of stupid people standing in the streets as if they are waiting for something to happen. Listen here, I want to leave … now!” He stood up briefly but teetered like a drunk. Luz Maria rushed to his side and taking his arm she gently pushed on his shoulder, forcing him back down on the bed. He lay there panting, sweat running down his face and neck.
She looked at him and said, “See? You need to relax and sleep.” She was angry with him, but her nature was to care, to nurse; so she gently lifted his legs back on the bed and arranged the pillows and covers. “Just until tomorrow; OK? Just rest quietly for one day. No one will disturb you. And then, if all looks good, you can leave.”  
He pushed her hand away and turned his head aside, but he quieted and said, “It had better look good.”  
“It will, I promise. I assisted in the surgery and I have never seen Dr. Sanchez take such care in any patient before. You will look great. I promise. You will feel better tomorrow. And leaving tomorrow is really pushing it anyway, but the doctor said you could go as soon as you felt able. If you do leave, you have to figure some way to get your dressings changed every day. Not impossible I guess, but it sure would be easier with some help.” She refilled his water glass and rearranged the bedside tray so it was more accessible. “So, just go to sleep now and tomorrow you can go. Then you must return in a week to check the stitches and get the dressing off. Promise me that we will see you in a week.” 
“I can guarantee that you will see me in a week if he screwed up my face! And you will see your grave too if he blew it!” He leaned back and closed his eyes as he visibly relaxed. His fists slowly unclenched and he mumbled, “you will, see me, again, if ... ” and then he dozed off, exhausted from his efforts. 
She left shaking her head and thought to herself “Man, what a butthead! Scary! I never thought I’d say this, but that is one guy I wouldn’t mind seeing succumbing to a stiff outbreak of E-Coli! Dickhead!” She quietly closed the door behind her and chastised herself for her uncharitable thought.

24 hours later.   

“See now, don't you feel better? And except for when we pulled that catheter you slept almost twenty-four hours. You look great.” She opened the curtains and grey drizzly day seeped in. “Is there any …”
“Stop with the garbage,” he interrupted, his mood certainly no better for the sleep. “How the fuck do you know how I look with all this gauze wrapped all over my face and head? I am ready to go.”  
“Ok … sir …, I just need to change the dressings, but it’s my duty to tell you I do not think this is a good idea.” He started to interrupt again but she quashed it by pulling roughly on one of his bandages. That definitely got his attention and she continued, “… but it’s your decision; so, you need to listen up. Do NOT forget to change your bandages every day. I’ve packed a bag of everything you need for this along with a script for antibiotics. You will need to take antibiotics. This is normal of course, but even more important here in the tropics. The weather is moist and warm here and the conditions are incubator-ripe for breeding infections! You understand me?” She held up a little white box and pulled a foil packet out to show him, “Augmentin; every twelve hours for seven days. And don’t forget …” she said as she pulled the last of the gauze away and reached for the Betadine antiseptic bottle. She sprayed a generous portion of the blood-orange colored liquid on a sterile pad and looked back up at him, “… we need to see you in a week.”  
“Ok, ok,” he said and winced before she even touched him. He had a newfound respect for this tough little bird. “Yea, whatever you say.” She continued cleaning his face, inspecting it carefully for anything amiss. “Uh nurse, um, can you tell me please where can I find a hotel that´s private; very private?”   
She stopped and looked him in the eyes, taken aback a little by the ‘please’. “Sure,” she said as she began wrapping him up again. “If you go down Avenue Bolivar and turn left, just past the Jaraqua Hotel you will see the Mystic Hotel. It´s very private. No one will ask any questions or bother you. It´s clean too. It’s just behind the Continental Hotel. I'll call a cab for you when you are ready.” 
She finished bandaging him and stood back to check her handiwork. Nodding approval she said, “Well, that’s about all I can do for now.” She shook her head and stared at him like he was an idiot. “I guess if you are sure about leaving I can’t stop you. Jorge has your final bill ready at the window in the reception area.”
They walked out the door together to the ‘caja’, the pay window, and saw Jorge chatting up another nurse. “Jorge, this is Mister Jones, uh, well, the guy I was telling you about. Please give him his bill.” She turned and looked up at Smitty once more and shook her head again. “OK, I guess this is it, good luck.” She turned and walked away without another word.  
“What are my damages and it better not be my face, if you know what I mean.”
“What sir?”
“My damages, what are they?”  
“Oh, I understand, how much is the cost, very funny, sorry but my English is not very good.”  
“Cut the BS and tell me what I owe.”  
“BS sir? What is BS?”   
“Just give me the bill you asshole?”  
“Oh, that I understand; ‘asshole’.  In Spanish we say ‘pendejo  mierda’.” He looked at him and shook his head as he shoved theeho ‘factura’ through the window. “Que Cabrón!’ he whispered to himself. “Come mierda!” “OK sir, here it is.” He smiled brightly, somewhat mollified.
Smitty looked at the bill and slammed the wall once in frustration. “It’s all in Spanish asshole!” He sighed and read down the long list until he saw the sum at the bottom and saw a total of $128,000 pesos. He nodded approvingly and pulled his money out of his pocket again. “Wow, only a little over three thousand American dollars.” He was a little in awe at how cheap it was. “God, they are all idiots here! They think that is big money.” He placed the money in the receiving tray. “If you only knew! How about making five times that in a day just for making a few phone calls and pushing a little cocaine?”
Jorge looked up after counting the money and said, “gracías señor, buena suerte. You will look great.”  
“It had better,” he responded for the hundredth time and mumbled to himself, “That weasel of a doctor was too scared to not do it right.” He turned and walked a few feet and thought, “well, here I am again, the start of a new life again. Like a cat, nine lives.” He chuckled, “I have a few more to go I think!” 
A wave of pleasure swept over him as he thought of his prospects. He turned back to Jorge and said, “hey, what do they pay you here anyway? Not much I imagine, right? It’s that fat doctor makes all the money, right?” He reached back in his pocket and peeled off a few thousand peso notes and threw them at Jorge. Here ya go buddy, buy yourself a mansion!”
He did it more to show off than for generosity, but Jorge didn’t care, “Coño! Gracias sir! Muchas gracias,” and he swept up the cash and stuck it in his pocket before anyone could change their mind. He looked around quickly to see if anyone had witnessed it. “Thank you bery much señor,” he tried.
At that moment the guard at the door looked in and said, “Ok Mr. Jones, your cab is waiting.” 
“You will be fine.” It was Nurse Luz Maria again. She walked by and said, just as he was leaving, “We´ll see you in a week, remember,” but she breathed a sigh of relief, “I waited for twenty damn minutes to be sure he would leave without killing someone.”   
“Yes-yes, you will” he lied, and walked outside into the damp sticky air. 
The cabbie had his door open and even had an umbrella out to shield him. The rain had picked up quite a bit. Smitty climbed inside. He watched Luz Maria standing just inside the sliding doors, “like hell you will. I´ve had enough of this place. I can yank those freak’n stitches myself.”
He settled back in the seat, glad for the air conditioning. “Glad to get out of that piss poor hospital,” he mumbled to himself. The cabbie walked around and got inside and put the car in drive. He looked back at Smitty expectantly. Smitty thought for a minute. “Ok,” he thought, “my new life, complete with my new name; Campbell. Dr. Campbell. I do like the sound of that … Dr. Campbell.”
The cabby was listening to a loud radio blasting Meringue. He thought he heard his fare say something. “Qué? ... ¿Qué me dijiste? ...,” said the cabby. 
“Turn off that damn radio and pay attention. I did not say anything yet.” The cabbie jumped and turned off the radio immediately, “That’s better! Now take me to hotel Mystic.”  
“Sí’ señor. I know it well.” A few minutes later they pulled up in front of the Mystic Hotel. He started to get out when he saw a bellman approaching.
The bellman pulled open the door and said “Bienvenido, señor. May I help you?”
“You can start by getting out of my face,” ‘Dr. Campbell’ snapped. Then the new Dr. Campbell thought; “that bitch of a nurse knows I am going here. In the overall scheme of things that might not be a good idea. It wouldn’t be ‘prudent  ’ he mimicked. “I want to rest for a few days and I might not be at the top of my game. And, I need to plan my next moves.” 
Then he noticed that next to the Mystic was a smaller hotel; the Embers. “Ah, that looks good. I can hide there for a while until I can unveil my new look … then it won’t matter! I won’t be me then, will I?” He jerked the car door out of the bellman’s hand and said, “No, I’ve changed my mind. Driver, pull up over there, in front of that hotel there,” he said pointing.
He got out of the cab, and began to walk toward the hotel when he heard the cabbie yelling. He turned and saw him scrambling out of his car. “Señor, one hundred and fifty pesos por favor.”  
Dr. Campbell turned, the rain just a drizzle now and sunshine already peeping out of the clouds. Steam rose off the hot asphalt. “What?” 
“Señor, por favor; it is one hundred and fifty pesos for the ride señor.”  
“Shit! OK, one hundred and fifty fuck’n pesos.” He walked back and handed him the pesos.
 ‘Dr. Campbell’ entered the hotel thru the massive front door. The dark interior had a certain dilapidated elegance. Heavy wooden baseboards lined a white marble floor and led to a gargantuan reception desk made from the same dusky wood. He didn’t see an attendant but as his heels clicked on the unyielding marble, a cinnamon stick with a white mop of cotton hair stood up. Her shoulders just about reached the murky green-glass counter top. She stood there looking at him and he realized his bandages must be a bit disconcerting so he said. “I want a quiet room.” He touched the white gauze on his nose and confirmed, “I just had surgery and I need to sleep with no one disturbing me.”  
“No problem sir. Room 355 is in the back and very quiet.”  
He looked around and nodded his approval. Everything seemed neat and clean anyway, “I want room service and no other disturbances, got it?”    
“Yes sir.” 


Chapter 6

Smitty began his convalescence at the Embers Hotel in downtown Santo Domingo. He took his time and did things right. He listened to Nurse Luz Maria and changed his bandages regularly. He was slow, methodical and deliberate as he worked; using a mirror he had bought at a Farmacia just around the corner. He was vain enough that this was no problem for him; he wanted it done right. He wanted to look good and he needed to remain hidden.  
With the taste of blood in his mind he made a quick call, hiding the number with *67 a voice answered.  “Hello.”  “Sherine please.”  “She was Baker acted, she is in the custody of the courts now.  Didn’t you hear?  She almost killed herself.  She will be out in a few days.  Who is this?”  Click.
Interesting, Smitty thought to himself.  Mental illness.  I like that.  Perhaps I can be of some help to society in that area, since I am crazy too.
With that thought in mind he began his metamorphosis; that of the scholarly Doctor Campbell, psychiatrist extraordinaire. This meant he had to take on a whole new persona. Becoming “Dr. Campbell the Psychiatrist” did not distress him even a little. He had some things going for him in that regard 
First of all, he had his laptop. “Hell,” he thought, “I could fly to the moon with this thing!” One of the first things he studied was the art of the con. He got his hands on everything “con.”  He couldn’t believe how easy it was. Anything and everything was just there, ready for anyone to use however they pleased. His biggest wonder was why more people didn’t do it.
In the beginning, he watched a lot of movies. Through the initial pain of recovery it was a great option as he could lay and rest in the cool darkness of his hotel room. Nothing interrupted him, not even the incessant throb of Bachata down the street at the colmado. He watched films like “Six Degrees of Separation,” and “Catch Me if You Can”, both stories chronicling the lives and lies of apex conmen. 
Frank Abganale, the real guy behind “Catch Me if You Can” became a hero. Abganale had at least five books to his credit now; all about the art of the con. More recently he wrote about how to protect yourself from people like him. Smitty read them all. Frank Abganale had become everything from a Pan Am Pilot to a Pediatrician and several things in between. And he started when he was just sixteen years old. He believed that a uniform would open a thousand doors and Smitty knew a Doctor’s Lab Coat would too. 
Smitty’s confidence about whether he could pull off anything like this was never at question. He was already great at improvisation. He didn’t have bucket loads of personalities at his fingertips; he had a Magician’s Hat full. But he was also smart enough to know it was better to play on your home court. It was better to choose.
His choice to become a psychiatrist was not completely happenstance. First of all, it would get him where he wanted to go.  Secondly, he already knew more about the profession than your average bear; your average Foster Kid-Juvenile Delinquent-Jailhouse Lawyer-who-had-been-brought-up-in-the system; who had been educated in ‘the system,’ could ever hope to know.
He’d been in and out of more ‘counselling’ sessions than Ted Bundy and Jeffrey Dahmer combined should have been, and he always took more from them than he gave. He knew all about things like ‘anger management’, and ‘abandonment issues’. He had all the lingo, all the key words and catch phrases down pat. He could write volumes on ‘dissociative behaviour’, ‘cognitive behavioural therapy’, and ‘trauma based therapeutic services’. Acronyms like “PTSD” and “RAD could have been embroidered on his towels! And anything abuse-based, either physical or sexual, well, let’s not even go there. ‘Psycho-sexual tendencies’? Ha! He could teach a class.
But he didn’t let it rest there. He wanted to know more. He was lucky. He was an interested student and therefore a fast study. Plus, he was a quick learner. He actually took cognitive steps that enabled him to capitalize on this very important and powerful learning technique. He was a huge believer in the 80/20 rule and employed this in all facets of his life. He used this to cull the most important elements that yielded the biggest return on investment. Twenty percent of knowledge was enough to cover eighty percent of bullshit to him.
He also made prodigious use of KISS … everyone knows that one, Keep It Simple Stupid. He took this a step farther though in that he always made sure that when he was studying something he gave all his attention to one topic at a time. He did not believe in multi-tasking and felt that taking on too many tasks at a time weakened his ability to learn. 
That was another reason he allowed no interruptions in his work. His daily routine became regimented; even down to the daily sex he had with the ever accommodating hotel maid. A time and a place for everything, and God ya had to love the DR, but when he was done with her he was done, out she went.
Finally, he made a habit of asking ‘why’ five times to dig deeper. ‘Why’ did people suffer post traumatic breakdowns, ‘why’ did these breakdowns result in this type of behavior, ... ‘why’ this behavior responded to this treatment and not that one, and so on. 
So his convalescence was a productive one, and when he walked out into the bright sun just two months later he was a new man. He stopped and smelled the air and a feeling of deep satisfaction surged through him. The bright Caribbean sun caressed his still tender face. It helped suppress a shiver of pleasure as he thought of the dead maid so thoroughly stashed under the box spring of the bed in his hotel room. 
He wasn’t worried about being discovered. He had cleaned up every possible clue upstairs. He’d seen enough CSI and shows like it to learn a thing or two about evidence. There was not a scrap that could tie him there except for his new look and he’d always taken pains to hide that as much as possible. Like now, the Panama Hat and big glasses he wore … he could have been anyone. Besides, it would be hours, or even days before they found her. By that time, ‘Smitty’ would be long gone and ‘Dr. Campbell’ would be on to his next exciting chapter.
As the cab pulled up in front of him he thought to himself, “Lock and Load ‘Campbell’, and take no prisoners!” He climbed into the cool air conditioning and they pulled out into the teeming traffic. He did not look back.



Chapter 7

Campbell didn’t go far. He set himself up in a nicer hotel close to his next ‘university’. He wanted to put some of the things he had learned to practice; an internship if you will. And what better place for this than the Instituto de Dr. Reynaldo Pierre de Psicología? It was located in a great part of town, right there on Avenída Independencía close to la Zona Colonial? It had everything he needed. It was big enough that he could remain hidden, and though their major focus was the psychology of substance abuse and mental disorders caused by malnutrition, they also did a lot of work with PTSD victims. They even had one entire wing full of these types of disorders. This is the psychological area he wanted to concentrate on.
He did not waste any time. As soon as he checked into his hotel he got on the phone and made an appointment with Nurse Nedia, whom he had spoken with several times recently.  As his cab sped down Avenída Máximo Gomez, Campbell opened the Johnston and Murphy Messenger bag he used as a briefcase and checked to see that all his ‘credentials’ were in order. Satisfied he had forgotten nothing he closed everything back up and slipped the leather strap over his shoulder as the cab pulled to a stop. He found himself in front of a large nondescript building. He would have been surprised to know it was the place he was looking for had not a pretty girl in a nurse’s uniform walked out the entrance just then. 
He admired her ‘typical’ Dominican figure for a second when his eye was drawn to a subtle sign embedded in the building’s façade. The sign read, “Instituto de Dr. Reynaldo Pierre de Psicología” He looked at his watch and, noting that he was a few minutes late, shrugged “hey, it’s the DR” he thought, and he hustled up the concrete stairs.
 “Bienvenido al doctor Reynaldo Pierre Instituto de Psicología. ¿Cómo le puedo ayudar?” said the appealingly plump girl behind the reception desk. “Why is it every girl in the DR forgets to button their top four buttons,” he wondered in awe of her indisputable bounty.
Dr. Campbell responded, “I'm sorry, but do you speak English?”
“Oh yes, of course.” she smiled, happy to be able to practice. “You are American I think?”
“Yes,” Dr. Campbell nodded.  
“Welcome to the Santo Domingo Clinic of the Mentally Ill. How may I help you?”
“I believe I have an appointment with Nurse Nadia.” She smiled again and reached for her phone. Campbell continued and said, “It is a beautiful day today isn't it? Miss ... it is Miss, right? I mean I do not see a ring, so I just figured, you know, not married, and beautiful … Am I right?”     
She responded with a big open smile, “Yes, you are correct. It is Miss, Miss Mary … and yes it is a lovely day.”
Dr. Campbell rewarded her with a great big smile. Showing all of his teeth, he paused for a second and said, “Yes it´s a perfect today. Not like yesterday’s rain all day. 
Oh, I´m sorry, please forgive me. How rude of me, I´m Dr. Charles Campbell, did I already tell you that? No matter ... I´m the representative from ‘PRU’ ... ‘Psychology Research United’. If you would please call nurse Nadia and let her know I´m here, I´d appreciate it very much. I believe she is expecting me though. I called her earlier and told her I would be coming by.” 
Mary picked up the phone and hit a few numbers. She paused a second and said, “Nurse Nadia, this is the receptionist, Mary. There is a Dr. Charles Campbell here to see you.” She paused, nodded her head as if she was saying yes to herself and then said, “Fine, I´ll send him in. She looked up and smiled, “You may come back this way; Mr. Campbell ... I mean Dr. Campbell.”  
As Dr. Campbell walked past Mary he smiled at her again. He tapped his left ring finger and winked at her. He then focused on the hallway and walked down the hallway thinking, “this new look and life will be great.”  
Campbell stopped and backed up without turning around. He reached her desk in the same position as when he first passed by and he stared into her eyes. In a very low tone while leaning toward her he said to her “perhaps we might have dinner sometime since I am so new in town. I would love to speak to someone that knows the area.”  
His remarks took Mary totally by surprise. She tried to speak and swallow at the same time and nearly choked. She barely got out, “yes, yes sir – er, Dr. Campbell that might be nice.”  
Campbell smiled and thought, “h-m-m, that choking sound is so pleasantly familiar.” He shook his head. “Life is good,” he thought as he smiled and walked around the front desk again toward Nurse Nadia’s office.
As he turned the corner he saw who he assumed was Nurse Nadia. “Nurse Nadia I presume?”   
“Yes, and you are Dr. Campbell? What a pleasure it is to meet you.” 
Campbell offered his hand, “Well, thank you for your kind words, but, I have to tell you that it's my pleasure, I have been so looking forward to meeting you.”
She led the way inside her office. “Please have a seat Dr. Campbell.” He gestured for her to sit too. If you remember, we talked a few times in the past couple weeks and I called yesterday about me helping out here for a while doing research for the “PRU ... you remember, Psychology Research United.”
“Oh yes, of course I remember. Can you please explain a little what the research would be about?”
“Of course. Generally, we want to study PTSD, and more specifically, the use of cranial inject-able adrenalin immediately following the injury. This seems to be helping by reducing the acute cranial swelling and therefore helps the patient with long-term impairments. And of course, as the patient stabilizes we would follow with mood related drugs; specifically prescribed depending on their mental profile following the injury. We also hope to study patients that have social issues that torment them daily; or even hourly, that as you know will destroy their lives. The head trauma is interesting research, as is the social issue challenge. 
Back to the head trauma, we are trying to determine just exactly when vasoconstriction of the capillary bed is of most benefit to the area of trauma. Is it most beneficial for those patients that have suffered compromised head trauma in non-surgical, pre-surgical, or a post-surgical situation? Or, is it only during surgery? 
“It appears that with constriction of the vesicles the risk of increased pressure is reduced and therefore allows a reduction of the internal pressure, thus reducing the symptomatic complaints of headache, dizziness and most of all seizures.   
“And the big question is; can it be injected directly into the compromised region as a less-invasive procedure or is the reduction of pressure necessary via surgery; you know, by drilling bore holes as the first defence to reduce the intracranial pressure?
“We both know that even the smallest bore hole affects the grey-matter is such a terrible way. These are fascinating questions to which I can hardly wait to explore. And, if my hypothesis is correct and this procedure can be beneficial to the compromised patient with internal pressure it may prove that the need for surgery is less than we now think. Therefore, this may reduce the need for most seizure medications, allowing the patient to return to a more normal life faster, and without many of the post-surgical complications that we both know complicate the recovery process … not to mention cost the tax paying society millions of dollars.” He grinned, “ -- or in your case, pesos.” Nurse Nadia smiled appreciatively.
“It is exciting work and we at the ‘PRU’ are so grateful that you would allow us to conduct our study here. If my findings are positive, and I suspect they will be or I would not be here, the results will be published world-wide, ... increasing the exposure to your excellent clinic here I might add. 
In reality, it may change the recommended medical approach to patients that suffer with traumatic subdural as well as epidural hematomas ranging from the very severe cases to the very minor compromises, or as we call them, concussions. I can assure you that this is very exciting to all neurological medical personal. Do you agree?”
Nurse Nadia looked at him in awe while thinking, “Wow, a world renown research study here in this Hospital, what an opportunity!” She came back to the present and said, “I sure do Dr. Campbell. I have talked to our board members and they are all happy to have you here and have instructed me to help you in any way we can. 
“It´s exciting to have a person, such as you working here, a man, I mean a doctor with your credentials and experience. We are all in shock that you want to volunteer your time here; after all, you must have a million clinics or hospitals that would die to have you on their roster doing such important research.”  
“Thanks Ms. Nadia, you are too kind, it is Ms., right?” 
“Yes it is.” 
Campbell smiled and held her gaze a moment. He tilted his head a little and slowly said, “I apologize, but I took the liberty of looking at your left ring finger and I did not see a ring.”
She really couldn’t help thinking, “Wow he is amazing, look at that chest, look at those blue eyes, look at … ” She bit her cheek and gently chided herself, “if I am not careful I will look like a fool, come on Nadia, hello ...wake up ... get with the program.” 
She regained her composure and smiled as she thought, “I am going to love working with him. His smile almost makes me want to grab him now and get it over with at this moment. Easy there Naddy.” She had to take a deep breath. She picked up a pen, and grabbed a sheet of paper. She could actually feel her heart rate increase and her hands felt weak as they began to sweat. It was all she could do to stay somewhat alert. She told herself, “You need to relax totally before you make a fool of yourself; ... one, two, three …” she repeated in her mind; “okay, back in focus. Christ, I think I actually swooned!” 
She cleared her throat and smiled self-consciously, “So Dr. Campbell, what do you think of my country so far?”
Dr. Campbell looked at her. He noted her fiddling with pen and paper even though she had nothing to write. He thought to himself. “Damn, that fucker Sanchez did a great job. I thought I was hot before but now there will be no stopping me!” 
He looked at her, and tilted his head a little, smiling a bit lewdly. He began to talk, then paused and smiled. He answered her question that was obviously asked to allow her time to get her thoughts straight. “Well, Ms. Nadia. To tell you the truth I am intrigued by the beauty of your country and I am so tired of working in the cold. I owe it to myself to live in paradise and call it a job.”  
“That is our good fortune Dr. Campbell,” she said with a smile. “I am so glad to hear that ... and I know our staff, and even some of our patients will be thrilled when they hear that you are actually here. We are all so excited and hope to learn so much from you.” 
He looked at her and said, “perhaps we could have dinner some night. You know that I’m new in the city and perhaps you could give me some tips as to where the action is. I do need a social life too, you know. All work and no play makes Dr. Campbell a dull boy.” He showed his pearly whites and reached over and tapped her ring finger lightly. 
She felt her heart start to pound again and barely get the words out, “yes … of course, uh, that would be nice. Uh, ok, when?” He smiled as she interrupted herself quickly and said “I mean, when, when would you, like to, uh, see the clinic?”
Campbell thought, “man; this is so easy; a photo copy of a degree, a few BS letters of recommendation and the art of BS itself and I´m in. What a bunch of freak'n idiots! I´m in! It’s show time once again.” As he was thinking of how easy it was to get on staff at the clinic he asked himself how long it would take to learn to be a good enough doctor to fool them in the United States. “Not long,” he said to himself.
Nurse Nadia had gained her composure again. She spoke and asked Campbell if he would like a glass of water.
He had a little stunned look on his face for a second as he came back from what he was thinking. “Uh, yes it will be great to be here.” 
“No, Dr. Campbell, I asked if you would like a glass of water.”
“Oh, yes, yes please; that would be great too. But first I must thank you for your hospitality."
“You know, I´ve worked many years doing research and many times in areas that I did not really like or was not overly interested in. And at times, I felt like I was waiting for a time when I could do my research and give something back to mankind that I felt was worthwhile and fun to do.  
“Thanks to you, I now can do that and do it in an environment that has palm trees and beautiful weather and lovely ladies like you. Thank you for that. Imagine, right here with you, in paradise. I’m certainly a lucky man. God has graced me with you, this clinic and the opportunity to serve mankind. It is a great to be alive isn’t it Ms. Nadia?”    
“Yes it is,” she blushed at his directness and enthusiasm. 
“Nurse Nadia, one last thing,; may I say one last thing?” 
“Of course!”
“We, at ‘PRU’ really want to understand the ways of the post traumatic mentally ill. And I hope to learn so much. You have no idea how much this means to me and I truly feel that I will learn so much here.
“I feel as if I will be starting from the beginning and learning how to become a doctor all over again. I know that I have an incredible amount to learn from the doctors here; and you nurses too of course. It will be a great adventure and experience for me to be here and I have to thank you so much for the opportunity you have afforded me. From the bottom of my heart I thank you.”
“Dr. Campbell you embarrass me. You are the internationally renowned intellectual here! Please, don’t embarrass yourself. I am so proud to have you here. And as the lead nurse here I will be working with you directly. Would you like me to show you around as we talk?”   
“Please do,” he replied.  
“We try very hard to provide the best care here, but as you know we are a poor country and our resources are very limited.”   
“Yes I know. It’s a shame, but I understand. Regardless of the resources you have, it will be great to work with such a great staff and especially you. Please give me the tour.”
“Let´s have you meet Dr. Pierre first. He is the Psychiatric Department Head for Research and Therapy. He is a very nice man, about your height and size. You almost have the same smile.” She gave a little embarrassed smile. “You know, when I first saw you outside my office door I thought it was him ... uncanny actually.” She shrugged her pretty shoulders and laughed again. “I’m sure that you will like each other. He will be the one you contact if you need anything in that department, which I am sure you will.”
“Oh there he is now. Dr. Pierre, can I have a moment”? 
“Of course Nurse Nadia.”  
“Doctor, this is Doctor Campbell, you remember the doctor that we spoke of from the ‘PRU’? He will be here doing research on the post traumatic hematoma patients. He is so gracious to be volunteering here.”
“Oh yes, of course I remember. It is a pleasure to meet you doctor. Please excuse the faults we have here. You know we are a poor country, but we try. Perhaps we can go to dinner soon and discuss your research.” Both men were a little dumbstruck at the resemblance. 
“I´d love that,” Campbell replied. 
“Ok, great, we will do that very soon then,” Pierre said.
“Yes, that would be great. One question Doctor Pierre; where did you learn your English? I was told you were from Haiti.”
“Yes, but my parents were missionaries from New York and we moved there when I was very young.”
“Ah, that explains the slight New York accent.”
“Yes, a Haitian with a NY accent here is not normal. Please do not hold that against me,” he said with a smile and a slight laugh. “What do you say, dinner at my house soon Doctor Campbell?”   
“I’m at your service sir,” Campbell replied.  
“OK then, we’ll set a date very soon.” Pierre said as he began walking down the hallway.
Campbell looked at Nadia, “Let´s continue the tour now Nurse Nadia.”
“Perfect.” She opened a door and held it back for him. They entered a long hall with heavy oak doors flanking both sides. “Down this hall is where most of your patients stay. They are heavily medicated as they generally try to hurt themselves if not. Of course the majority have all had traumatic subdural hematomas and as you know are suffering from the effects of the internal pressure or the effects of brain damage. Many of whom have had surgery and the results are not as we would like. 
“Most will not make much sense when they speak although they might be intelligent in other areas.” She stopped and bumped her forehead with the ball of her fist. “Jeesh, why am I telling you this?” she laughed, “you are the expert. So, as you know then, the result of brain trauma combined with years of mental confusion is not a good combination. It is a shame that we have to, in essence, lock them up and keep them heavily sedated.”
“Yes, Nurse Nadia, if my research proves correct, maybe we can avoid these conditions in many patients in the future.”  
“Now that would truly be great.” She said with a smile, “and then we have some patients here that have other problems. Their problems are not related to physical trauma, but to years of child abuse or other occurrences. Many of these remain hidden within their minds. They generally come out as fits of rage, resulting in damage of property or physical harm. All are bipolar; you know, picking flowers one moment and holding a knife the other.” 
He looked at Nurse Nadia and said, “It’s all such a shame. Would I be able to visit some of those patients? I know it is not within the primary focus of my research, but as I explained before, we are also very curious about patients with chronic abuse issues. You know; the bipolar patient that might be dangerous to themselves and mankind.” He gave her a small wink and a smile as if it might be a little amusing to her.
“Doctor, I’m not sure what you are hinting at, but I’m sure you mean the best for our patients.”
“oh no ... of course, I was just ... oh I apologize. I meant nothing. Personally I have a great interest in the bipolar patients and I would like to learn more. About the records, will I be able to have access to the records as I need them?”
“Why of course doctor. You can have access to whatever you want here; to all records and all of the facility ... and all the faculty” She looked down at the floor. “Please feel at home.”
“You are so kind Ms. Nadia. Thanks so much for the tour. And again, I apologize for my inappropriateness a moment ago” he smiled.
“Oh, think nothing of that, understand. They are all crazy.” She lowered her head again, this time with a slight smile. “Yes they are!
“Of course Doctor, it’s my pleasure for sure. Please let me know if you need anything at all while you are here.”
Dr. Campbell looked at Nurse Nadia and without any concern of his being, he blurted, “OK then, I will. To start with I will need a list of all the patients; what meds they are taking, and why they are here. I’ll need their basic history and if they did anything criminal. And I especially want the list of their meds and why they are taking them.”
“Yes sir,” she responded, “right away.” She was slightly confused by his quick demand for the records. “I will have the records department get that information ready for you ASAP, hopefully within the week. You can start immediately if you do not mind going to the records department and asking for any specific file you might need. When would you like to start?”   
“I´ll be here bright and early tomorrow morning, I’m a bit tired today. I am going to go back to my hotel and get some rest and maybe make a phone call or two.”



Chapter 8

“Hello?” Michelle said as she answered the phone. A second later she turned and looked at her mother with a look of horror. She put her hand over the mouth piece and said in a shaky voice, “it’s him; I know it is, what should I do?”
“Hang up,” her mom screamed.
Michelle screamed into the phone, “Oh my god ... who are you? Why are you calling?” 
“loose ends, don’t you just hate loose ends?”  And then the phone went dead.    
Tears welled in her eyes. Michelle looked at her mother and said, “It´s Smitty again Mom. He said he is coming to get us. I know it was him! He´s watching us. He found us again and he´s going to kill us. I hate you for bringing him into our life, our home.  You knew all along that he was dangerous and has killed and you ignored it and tried to pretend what you had heard was not true.  Well it was true and you have ruined our lives”.  
“Shut up Michelle … just shut up. We´ll be ok! He’s not going to do anything. It’s been too long and he was just saying that shit to scare us. He gets off on scaring us!” She tried to calm her by changing the subject. “Come on, take it easy … it's your birthday, let's have some fun! Come on, they are waiting for us.” 
Evon took a deep breath. She reached out and tucked a stray tress of hair behind her daughter’s ear and attempted to lean toward her to hug her. “Please don’t tell Sherine that he called, OK? You know she’ll just get upset and it will take weeks for her to calm down.   It’s just better left unsaid!”
Michelle pushed her mother back and said, “It is always the same, isn’t it Mom? Just pretend it doesn’t exist. When are you going to wake up and face it? He will kill us and we all know it.”
Evon stared at Michelle and a tear dripped down her cheek, plowing a small furrow in her foundation. “You know it’s been a long time since that night when he finally left. He is not going to hurt us. He probably lives in another country by now.  He probably even looks different.  It has been so long! If he wanted to kill us he would have done it by now.”
“Maybe so, Mom, but you never saw his eyes like I did. You ignored it; you ignored all of his evils until he destroyed us. Come on Mom, you and I both know he will be back.” She shuddered and pulled a blanket off the couch and wrapped herself in it. “He told us the night he left he would be back. And you want me to smile and pretend everything is great? Ok, Mom, I will and when he returns and kills us then you will know I am right … he will return.”
With tears flowing down her cheeks now Evon said, “Michelle, I never knew ... ”
“Liar!” Michelle screamed, “you ‘never knew’.  That is bull shit! You knew it then and you know it now. Nothing has changed. You live in your dream world and that’s the way it will always be. Mom, you are the reason I am crazy at times and the reason Sherine is the way she is. I want to kill everything some times and it is because of you.” She rolled down off the ratty couch onto the floor and pulled the blanket over her head.
At that moment Spinner walked in. “Hey what are you two doing?” He took in the spectacle before him and he knew immediately what it was. “He called again didn’t he?” 
“Yes, Spinner, and he will kill us all!” Michelle shouted. 
“Not if I can help it,” Spinner sputtered. 
Michelle sat up and looked at Spinner, “I should have let you come over that night and kill him then.” She grabbed his hand and pulled him down on the couch and wrapped herself up in him.  
Spinner looked back at Michelle and stroked her hair. He forced a small smile and told her, “Easy baby, we’ll figure it out. I’m not going to let anything happen to you! Hey, happy birthday Michelle; ... baby, listen, take it easy. I love you. You have nothing to worry about. Come on baby, I won’t let anything happen to you! He's gone forever.”   
She flung his hand from hers and said, “Don't count on it. He is the devil and you cannot kill or get rid of the devil. He lives within us now Spinner!” He tried to hold her again but she slapped his arms away. “He is a killer! I just know he is and he will kill us. He told us that he would. You do not remember that fucking night! You did not hear him or see his face. I did! I know him and he knows that we could cause him problems.  We are ‘loose ends’ … especially Sherine! 
“The freaky fuck! I hate him! That’s why he found us! And he will clear up any loose ends. Mom, not even you knew Smitty like we did. He is evil. Open your fucking eyes for a change. We need a plan.”
After a few minutes of silence, Spinner told Michelle, “Hey, you are all still freaked out as if it was yesterday baby. Screw this guy!” Spinner turned toward Michelle with his back to Evon and said. “Fuck, screw your Mom too! She got what she deserved! But, you and Sherine do not deserve to live in constant fear. I wish she had paid attention and not let that monster into your lives.” 
Evon jumped up. She stomped her foot. “Well! I ... well I never ... Oh!” and she turned and ran out of the room, slamming as many doors as she could find.
Spinner chuckled and turned back to Michelle. “Well, what about Sherine?” he asked.  
“What about her?” 
“Have you talked to her?”
“About what?”
“You know, about living with us, she would be calmer with us.”
“Oh, yeah, ... yeah, she does. She wants to come and stay with us.”
“What does your mom say about that?”   
“Ha! Mom pretends that Sherine is normal and that it’s just something she needs to get over. She does not admit that someone is calling her and frightening Sherine.  Poor Sherine does not need this in her life.  She has never had a minute of normalcy in her life.  It is not fair for her.  She will probably never get over Smitty.   She does not talk about it ... ever!” Michelle  climbed back up on the couch and rolled up in the blanket again. 
“She gets the calls but whomever it is always blocks the caller ID and only says “loose ends.”  They call at different times too. It’s as if he’s just trying to make sure we know that he’s still there. I know it is Smitty. Mom pretends it’s not.”
Spinner said to Michelle quietly as he pulled her up off the couch and gently cradled her, “Sherine is capable of almost anything. We both know that. There is no way for your mom to control her now.  She actually believes that she’s normal and that everyone else is crazy.  She tells me that she hates living with your mom. 
“Somehow your mom blames Sherine for most of it and has the balls to tell Sherine that she needs to get over it. That makes Sherine go hide within herself  It is so sad to see her like that.” He wrapped his arms more tightly around her. Her body was still wooden. “
Sherine tells me of the men her mother brings home now.  He snorted derisively, “usually she’s posing in some mirror when she tells me that. Every time your mom brings home a new boyfriend Sherine sinks back into herself.  She says she wants to kill your mother one moment and then the next she smiles and says she loves her.  She is so sweet and so confused.  She needs to get away from your mom before she really does kill her or really goes crazy. We both know that she quit school and now she sneaks out all the time. Who know what she does.”
Michelle said, “Yea, yea, I know. I have been thinking that I should just tell mom that she is coming to live with us. She is old enough now, seventeen; the age I was when you came and got me and look at us. She tells me that she hates men but that she knows how to get any of the boys in the neighbourhood to do whatever she wants. She is very pretty now, and she knows it.”
“Sounds like you,” Spinner smiled. 
“Screw you Spinner, all I ever wanted was you. I did those others to make you jealous.”
He smiled again at her and said, “It worked.”
She laughed and punched him on the arm. “I think I will tell my mom that Sherine will be living with us. What do you think?”   
“That would be great; the guys would love to have a young fox to play with. You know bikers, they share.”
“Shut up you idiot,” Michelle said, “she is my little sister. No one touches her unless I approve, got it?  And besides she might cut off any hand that touches her.” 
“Yea-yeah-yeah, OK.” 
“I told her the night you came for me that I would come for her someday and now it is time.”
Subject settled on they headed into the kitchen. Michelle pulled out a bottle of Jose Cuervo and they had a miniature birthday party for her. As the party wound down, Michelle walked to her mother’s room and told her through the locked door that Sherine would be living with her and Spinner now and that she had nothing to say about it. “Mom you have done enough damage.” Michelle told her, “Sherine wants to live with us.”
Evon jerked open the door and glared at Michelle. “You little bitch, so now you think you are the mother here?” she screamed.
“Well Mom,” Michelle replied as she shook her head and headed back towards the kitchen, “at least no one will scare her without me knowing about it ... and if they do they will pay.”
Evon followed and screamed again, “No, no, you are wrong!”
Michelle looked at her mother for a few seconds in silence and gave her a slight laughing smile. She threw a dish towel on the counter and turned to face her, both hands contained on her hips. “Mom, you can live in your world of denial if you want ... ” and as she was speaking, Sherine walked up behind her mother and shouldered past into the kitchen. Michelle nodded at Sherine and Sherine nodded back. Michelle continued in a very stern voice, ... “but we’re out of here!” 
Sherine was sitting there in her pajamas now, relaxed. Her dishevelled hair framed swollen eyes. She’d obviously been sleeping ... or was very high on something. She had the Cuervo bottle tipped and was taking a long pull on the amber liquid.
“Sherine get your things, we are going home now baby!” She turned and interrupted her mom before she could speak, “Mom you have nothing to say! Go tell one of your slut boyfriends your problems, I don´t have time for it now, Spinner is waiting and we need to go. Sherine hurry up, they are waiting.”  
“Who is waiting?” she smiled sloppily.
“Everyone. Spinner is calling some of the guys now and they will be here any minute.”
Sherine sat up straight. Slightly scared now she asked, “where are we going?”
“Our house. I told you that I would come to get you when it was time and the time is now. Get your things and let’s go; come on let's go. Do you want to come or not?”   
Now Sherine glowed with excitement. “Of course!” she blurted out as she ran from the room to collect her shit. Sherine thought, “I can be free now! I can do what I want, I can have who I want and no one will tell me different and there will be no Smitty and no more  Mom. I will be free and safe.” 
“I knew you would come, I knew it,” a babbling Sherine told Michelle when she came back in the room, arms loaded. She headed back for a second load. “What do they think, I am crazy?” Sherine felt a weight lift off her shoulders. She was giddy with excitement. “Now I can start to live like I want.”
“Hurry up Sherine,” Michelle yelled, “we don´t have all day. They are pulling in now and we have a motorcycle meet to go to. Everyone will be there.” She opened the refrigerator and started pulling out stuff. There wasn’t much but she threw some bologna and mayonnaise in a plastic bag. As she reached up to start looking in the cabinets for some bread Michelle  stomped her foot, “Come on god dammit! Let´s go! Come on or they will leave without us and then I´ll be pissed and Spinner will flip out. Look, he is staring at the house now with a pissed-off look. Let´s go.”
“I´m almost there.” She reached under the sink and grabbed a big black garbage bag and started stuffing her things inside. She dropped it on the floor next to a boom-box type radio, a pink cracked-plastic box of hair curlers and some stuffed animals. “OK, I’m ready.”
“Get real,” Michelle said, “how in the hell do you think we can carry all that junk on a bike. Come on dump the BS and let’s go.”
“But Michelle ... ” 
“No, dump it and let’s go! We are late. Besides you don´t need anything but some pants and a few shirts. And you may not even need that if you hook up with one of Spinners friends ... ” She quickly picked through the stuff and dropped a couple items in the plastic bag, the rest she shoved away with a foot. She shoved the bag in Sherine’s arms. “There; finally! You are ready. You can jump on with Dirt Bag; he´s safe. Let’s go.”
They hustled through the front room and out the door. Outside, Sherine handed the bag to Dirt Bag and he secured it around his gas tank. She climbed up behind him and he said, “Hey Sherine, ever get drunk and laid in the same night or have you been hanging with those little kids too long?” 
“Shut up Dirt Bag,” Michelle said. She slapped him on the back as she walked by and got on the back of Spinner’s big Harley. “That’s my little sister you are talking to,” she laughed.
Sherine leaned forward and her chest rubbed his back. She whispered her hot breath into his ear, “Never with anyone that was only mine.”
Dirt Bag shivered and revved up his cycle. He popped the clutch and they went screaming down the road with Sherine barely hanging on. She was in heaven she thought to herself; free, with the air blowing and the sun shining. Sherine screamed, grabbed around Dirt Bags waist and yelled “Let’s go, I´m free-e-e-!!!” n her mind she could see her mom crying and yelling, “be safe, be safe.”
The next morning, Michelle woke with her head pounding, she looked at Spinner and said, “What a fucking night, do you remember anything?” She sat up abruptly. “Where the fuck is Sherine?” She ran a finger over her teeth and grimaced.
He said, “The last time I saw her she was chugging beers with Dirt Bag and a few of the other guys near the fire.”
“What? You just left her there? Where the fuck is she?” She jerked the sheets off his naked body and yelled, “Get your lazy ass up and help me find her.”
He rolled over, holding his head too and said, “No-o-o, I don’t remember much either. Christ Michelle, what’s gotten into you? No one is going to hurt her!” He reached over and shook a couple cans to see if there was anything to drink. He found about a half a cigarette and lit it with one of those half-sized Bic Lighters. He looked at it and wondered whose it was and then leaned back on both elbows and blew a blue cloud up towards the ceiling fan. “I'm the main dude here, remember Michelle? If anyone hurt her they know I´d kill them.”
“I know,” Michelle said placated a bit as she searched around for her underwear, “just find her, please!”  
Spinner stood up slowly, and walked toward the bedroom door. He groaned and grabbed the door casing to steady himself. He turned to see Michelle sitting up on the edge of the bed with her head bent forward, staring down through her knees. As she continued to hold her head she heard Spinner say, “she´s OK, she´s on the couch, look; … come on look, she´s sleeping. She got her clothes on and she looks fine! Hey, since it looks like you’re getting up anyway, go ahead and make me some food. He stumbled down the hall, “I´ve got to piss.”
Michelle laughed, “Who are you kidding, there’s no food in this house. If you want food, you better get on that bike and get your ass to the store. And maybe before you do that you might want to get your ass to work. Remember what that is?…Work? It’s something people do to buy food.”
“Screw you,” Spinner said through the open bathroom door. He grabbed a towel off the floor and wrapped it around a tattooed torso. “Clean up this dump and maybe I´ll show up for work.”
Spinner sat back down on the side of the bed holding his head too. He looked at Michelle and said, “Let’s forget the food and work, let’s go back to bed.”
Michelle laughed, then she shrugged and bumped her head into his shoulder.“Ok,” said Michelle. “Come on then Big Boy.” Michelle fell back into bed pulling Spinner by his hair and Spinner had just started kissing her breasts when Sherine walked in and said “Good morning.”
Spinner looked up and saw Sherine, he said, “Are you Ok?” He undid the towel and it fell away giving Sherine an eyeful.
Sherine grinned and dug a pretty toe in the ugly gold carpet. She said her head was pounding and Michelle said that hers was too, and Spinner said that was the sign of a great night before. 
Sherine said that other than a pounding head she was fine and that she had a great night last night. Spinner had stopped kissing Michelle’s breast but kept them exposed, gently rubbing and kneading. Michelle let out a small moan. He looked up at Sherine as she was standing over them now and asked her if she remembered the night. She looked at Spinner and paused for a few seconds, watching his strong hands. She swallowed and said, “Yes, of course, … well kinda ... ” She thought for a moment longer and admitted “huh, well, not too much really,” and they all laughed.
Spinner leaned over and took a nipple in his mouth and Michelle arched her back and leaned in. Sherine pretended that she did not notice, but as she watched. 
It was exciting for her to watch them. She had never experienced that before.  Watching them made her think of Smitty and her Mom and what he had told her about  sex and like a ton of bricks hitting her; how he left her terrified and  alone.   She got angry and had the now familiar feeling of pure hatred. She wanted to hurt someone or something. 
Her body stiffened up with her thoughts of rage.  Forcing her good side to take over she concentrated on watching her sister.  Michelle moaned again and rolled her head over, biting on the sheet. 
Sherine continued to watch and she calmed herself down. This time it was different. She reached into her panties and started to rub herself. Before she knew it she had climaxed almost at the same time as Michelle. Her knees buckled but she kept rubbing as she leaned back against the door frame.
Michelle and Spinner pretended to not notice her playing with herself as she pretended that she was not watching them. Just as Sherine climaxed her mind shifted to Smitty; the monster.  She wanted to cry.  Mom knew he was dangerous all along.  
She screamed and ran out of the room. Spinner said, “she is a wild hellion, but whoever breaks her in will have a good ride.”
Michelle slapped him on his chest and said, “Spinner, you are such an ass! She has deep problems,” Then she rolled over on top of him.



Chapter 9


“Doctor Campbell,” Nurse Nadia asked, “How is the young girl in room 306B. I see on her chart that you are working very close with her. Is she improving?”
“It’s hard to tell. She seems to be more relaxed and she is eating better.”
“Doctor, I noticed on the chart that you are prescribing more than the normal dosages of medications.”
“Yes, Nurse Nadia that is correct. At present, she is the star of my research. I will have a full report within a few months and if the results are as positive as I think they will be, I may have found that a slightly different approach; combining therapy with stronger medication will ‘throw out the devils’, so to speak, allowing the patient to resume a more normal life.”
“But Doctor, she is almost comatose at times and when she is not, she is not able to remember anything she said or did prior to the time she was given the medication.”
“Precisely,” Dr. Campbell responded, “see, by eliminating her memory, we are able to chase the devils out of her head. And with the high dosages of the epinephrine we can reduce the pressure and allow the brain cells to ‘regroup’, you might say. It is all part of the research. You do admit that she was in a bad state prior to the research; don't you?”  
Nurse Nadia replied, “Yes, but of course. But to see such a pretty girl ...”  
“Oh, Nurse,” Dr. Campbell interrupted and took her hand in both of his. He held her gaze and said, “you know that beauty is only skin deep and the fact that she is incredibly beautiful has nothing to do with the research. It’s her brain cells we are interested in, right?”   
“Yes doctor,” she said, a bit flustered. She stood and straightened her smock, “of course that is what I am interested in.” She wondered to herself, “Why is it whenever I talk to him I cannot concentrate.”  
Campbell was still talking, “... so please relax and allow me to complete my research, ok, Miss Nadia?”  
“Of course Doctor.”
Then he smiled and said, “Let me explain a little better. By giving the drugs in that form I am able to, in essence, force the patient to forget their past, erase their memory so to speak. It’s a long shot but worth the try.”  
“Doctor, I did not mean to question your expertise. Please keep me posted of her progress.”  
“I certainly will Nurse Nadia. Any other questions? I will make my rounds now. Remember, it is absolutely essential that these sessions be quiet and private. So please, when I am in the room with one of the patients, no one, not even you must be allowed to enter the room. We would not want any little thing to trigger a negative memory during the therapy.”  
“I understand doctor. I will be sure no one disturbs you during the therapy sessions.”  
He turned and smiled up at Nurse Nadia, “Nurse Nadia, it is such a great pleasure to work with you, a women of such high standards. Once again I have to thank you so much again for allowing me to work here.”  
“Oh, Doctor Campbell,” she tittered, “again I have to say; on the contrary, it’s us ... well, h-m-m, you know!” She busied herself straightening some things on a tray. “Well, ok, I guess I will be going home now for the night. I will see you tomorrow.”  
“Yes, of course you will,” he responded. He liked the way her supple body moved and the efficient movements of her slender hands.
As she was leaving she thought, “This is a strange therapy, but he must know what he is doing, after all he’s the expert. But still, it’s strange,” she shivered in the air conditioning, “and he is a little strange; ... attractive and sexy, but kind of scary at the same time.” She let the door close behind her as she walked down the sterile smelling hall. She shook her head and giggled to herself, “Oh well, mama always said I liked bad boys. I get the feeling he is one, but I really can’t put a finger on it. He’s definitely secretive though, very secretive.”
She continued her musings as she gathered her belongings, preparing to leave for the night. “It will be interesting to see the outcome. I sure hope he is right and will help all these poor patients, especially 306 B.” She sighed, “Oh well, I guess her beauty could cloud one’s perspective, but it is a shame to see her like that.”  
Dr. Campbell saw Nurse Nadia getting into a public car that had stopped out front. He walked down the hallway toward Room 306 B. He continued down the hall until he reached the door. Looking left and right down the hall, he slid his magnetic ID card in the slot. The door clicked. With a gentle whoosh it opened and he walked in and over to the bed. He stood over her inert body for a long time. His breathing quickened. 
He looked over his shoulder back at the door, and then he gently began to massage her legs gently and then harder and harder almost to the point of bruising.  “I can not leave any marks yet,” he told himself.   He was reaching for her neck when the door echoed a resonate click in the hollow room and popped open. Startled, he screamed, “no one is to interrupt me while I am in here!” He looked over and saw the back of a nappy head as it ducked quickly back out of the door. 
He heard a heavily accented female voice, “Sorry doctor, I thought you left. I apologize for disturbing you.”
Campbell quickly called back after her, “No, no, I was about to leave any way, but do not disturb me while I am with a patient, especially her.” Campbell walked out to find that whoever knocked was already gone; only the rapid clicking of heel on tile gave any evidence of the interruption. “Whew,” he shook his head, “that was close! I’ve got to create some sort of ‘Do Not Disturb’ sign, or ‘Doctor in Session’ sign to hang on the door! “
The next morning Dr. Campbell arrived and said his normal “hellos” to the front area staff. He had made a new ‘Doctor in Session – No Admittance” sign written in two languages. He had attached a thin chain to it so it could be hung on a door know, and he twirled this ‘round and ‘round from his extended forefinger whistling a lively tune as he wandered down the hallway toward his favourite patient. 
“Good morning Marie,” Nurse Nadia heard Dr. Campbell’s voice as he entered the room and the door was closing. She nodded approvingly at the new sign still swaying on the door handle.
Standing over the bed again, Campbell looked at Marie and said in a low tone, “How are you my little Princess? Are you taking all of your medications? Are you glad to see me?” He cupped her chin and stroked her eyebrow and temple with his thumb, rubbing gently. 
Her eyes were vacant, but she sunk her head back further into her pillows at his touch. He grinned, “You aren't, huh? That's too bad. I'm so glad to see you though. Have you taken your medications like I prescribed? Enough so you will never remember anything?” He leaned over and shined a small pen light into her glassy eyes. He flicked the light to the side, then stood back up and put the little flashlight back into his front pocket. “Ah yes. I see you have; you are in a complete stupor, how nice for us.”  
He let his eyes rove leisurely over her body for a second. After a deep breath, he continued, “I apologize for leaving early last night my little princess. It was a shame that we were disturbed. I promise I will prevent that from happening in the future.” 
He trailed a cool finger down from her ear to her collarbone where he lightly traced the arresting delineation of bone just under velvet skin. He licked a dry lip and murmured, “I do know how much you look forward to my visits. It’s ok sweetie, you don’t have to thank me.” He tucked his finger and let it slip down under her chin where he pushed into her throat noting how hard he could push before she began to labor for air.  Her chest was rising rapidly and she twitched and twisted a bit gasping for air.  “Gotta love it,” he remarked quietly. 
“S-h-h, it’s ok.” He soothed. “Oh, and by the way, I haven't had the pleasure of a young lady like you in a few days.” With a grin on his face he asked her, “now let’s see here, where were we? Oh, you can't remember? Oh yes, that’s right, you can't speak, what a pity. Yes-s-s, I remember, we were discussing your future and how you would need me to be your private doctor for a long-long time. Isn't that nice? Just you and me; doing private research? The kind of research I love. And, if you are a nice girl you may live. Now isn't that nice? I knew you would like that. Now please roll over, it's time for me to examine you; all of you.” 
“Oh, just as I thought, you are perfect, so so very perfect.”
Dr. Campbell repositioned Marie so she was on her back once more. He slowly and methodically straightened up her sheets. When he was done he straightened up and looked everything over one more time. He brushed off his pants and combed his hair as he walked over and opened the door only to see Nurse Nadia leaning against the wall reading a chart. She had been waiting patiently to talk with him.
“Oh, hello Nurse Nadia,” he said with more than a little surprise in his tone.  
She smiled and said, “sorry to startle you but you know I never did receive the official copy of your ‘PRU’ papers or even your official work records. I wonder what is holding them up. I am sorry to bother you about such trivial things, but Salud Publico will need them soon and I do not need them sniffing around here, if you know what I mean. Oh, one more thing.  The orderly reported that he young lady in this room must be having times when she is active because it looks like she has been bruising herself during the night.  Are you sure she is sedated properly?”
“She is fine. I will look into why and how she could be bruising herself and I completely understand your need for the papers.  I will have to request them again I guess.” His eyes probed, searching for a hint from her that she was aware of anything. He pulled out his I-phone and made a show of making himself a note. “No problem dear. I’ll contact them again later today. I’m afraid it’s perfectly normal for these bureaucracies and I apologize for the delay.”
Nurse Nadia, gave a sigh of relief, “There is no rush on my account but Salud Publico is asking almost daily now.”
“Yes-yes, I´ll do it again. I can call my office tonight and speak with June, my ex-secretary. She will expedite the papers and if I sweet talk her I may be able to get her to over-night them. How would that be?”  
“Dr. Campbell, that would be great. It would take a lot of pressure off me.”
“Oh, wait a minute, I can't tonight,” he told her. “I will be working too late. But I will call ASAP, I promise.” He gave her a reassuring smile and pat on the shoulder. 
She smiled satisfaction, “Thanks doctor, I hate to bother you again with this, but you know how they are.” 
“Yes, of course I do and it’s good that they check up on all the doctors here. You never know when a bad one might hurt some patients and we would not want that, would we?”
“Of course not doctor.”
As he began to walk away he reiterated for good measure, “I will get right on it Nadia.” But he was thinking, “Like hell I will. I know that Salud Publico will never be organized to do anything. She can stall them and soon they will forget. This is the Dominican Republic. I like it here and the education I am getting here in this dumpy third world mental hospital is incredible; I almost feel like a doctor.” He sniggered shortly, “It’s easier than I thought to be a doctor; just Google the diagnosis and there it is, all the information anyone needs, techniques, meds and treatment.  
“I’m glad I chose to be a doctor here. And it’s interesting that Dr. Pierre and I are mistaken for each other at times. This is something I will have to work on. He may be my savior.” He continued down the hall, whistling softly. “Ah, all is well.” He pulled up short. “Fucking loose ends!” 





Chapter 10

“I’m hot,” Michelle screamed from the bedroom. “Why’s it got to be so fucking hot?!” Sherine was trying to sleep on the couch; her sleeping space for the past couple weeks now. She could hear Spinner groaning for Michelle to shut up. Michelle stomped into the living room comically fanning herself with an old ‘Cosmo’. She plopped down on the couch on top of her sister. 
Sherine giggled and squirmed, punching her in her back. “Get up you big oaf ... it’s too hot!”
Michelle laughed, but slid her butt and settled on the floor. “We’re going on a three day run to the Ocala Forest; you know just north of Orlando an hour or so with a few friends, want to go?” 
“Of course,” Sherine excitedly sat up and threw her sheet over Michelle’s head. 
“Hey!” Michelle barked. She rose on her knees and turned to hold Sherine down by her arms. “Then pack! Keep it light though, you won´t need much. There are cabins there. I already called and got us a reservation but they will only hold it until two pm so get a move on.”
Sherine was excited, three days in the woods with Spinner, Michelle and their friends sounded great! 
She was older now and she was pretty much free to do as she pleased. Anyway, that’s what Michelle had told her! “I’m a full grown woman and I can do as I want!”
 Michelle and Spinner both had been very good to her. The three of them had been together now for what seemed a long time to the young and uninitiated. Things seemed to be pretty good. She hadn’t given up on her little mental game she played with herself though. 
She was excited about spending three days in a cabin in the woods, so her happy side told her to get excited. Even her sad side stayed quiet. “Why should I be sad about a trip like this” she kept asking herself. 
After the trip they walked back into their apartment and Michelle announced that she was exhausted. She wanted to take a shower and go to bed. A giddy Sherine told Michelle that she had had a remarkable time with her and Spinner. They were even closer now. The three days they had just spent together cemented their union. They had sat up all night by the fire drinking and laughing and doing blow, and, they had all slept in the same bed. She woke one morning between them.  
That was the night after they had finished off two bottles of vodka and so many Bud Lites that she had lost count. Now they were inseparable, and she thought it was great, “I love Michelle and Spinner,” she thought and her whole body warmed to it. “They are so good to me; just like the lovers I always dreamed of when I built my castles! And, I do not have to share them with anyone and no one will scare them off. No one! They are all mine.” The fact that she had to share one with the other didn’t seem to register.
She was sure that she had two people that would protect her now. No need to worry. Her happy side told her that she was finally free and that life was great. Her sad side remained subdued. She convinced herself she did not care what her sad side had to say. She refused to listen to it about Michelle and Spinner. She did what she wanted and what Michelle and Spinner wanted were all the same to her.  
She remembered passing out in Michelle's arms that Saturday night by the fire before they all went to bed. It was one of her favorite memories ever. That was the night before she woke between them in the morning. She knew she was safe then because Michelle would never hurt her, she protected her.  
It was the memories of her past and all the time she had spent alone arguing in her head what is good, what is wrong and who will protect her that terrified her. “but now I am safe. Now I'm with Michelle.”

Chapter 11

They were home now. Spinner said he had to fix something on the bike and that he would be back in a few minutes. Michelle lit a cigarette as Sherine called their answering service and listened to the messages. Over the weekend Sherine had tried a few cigarettes and actually inhaled a few puffs. Michelle always had them and said they calmed her nerves. Besides it was something else they could do together. At this point in her life she always wanted to be with her sister.  
Michelle raised a finger to her lips and hushed Sherine as the first message came up. A loud shrill voice came on and Michelle quickly pulled the phone away from her ear. The voice sounded forced and contrived, “Hi, this is your mother, please call me back, I want to see my little darlings, it’s been so long, and besides I want you to meet Peter.” Then the call ended as quickly as it started. 
“Sherine! That was Mom! Can you believe that? And she sounded like everything was so perfect, that bitch.” 
“I didn’t hear it, what did she say?” Sherine came closer to the machine.
“She wants to see us,”  Sherine said quietly and softly.
“I don’t fucking think so,” Michelle yelled. She turned on a heel and stomped off towards her bedroom. Sherine sat down with the phone still clamped between her nervously shaking palms. She heard Michelle’s bathroom door slam and the shower turn on.
Michelle finished taking her shower and came back into the living room where Sherine had dozed off. “The nerve of that bitch; calling here like we are one big happy family. I never want to see her again!”  
Sherine jumped at Michelle’s sudden outburst and then started to tremble. She could feel her whole body shaking and her mind went blank, a sort of white landscape unfolded in front of her. They hadn’t thought of Evon for a while now, let alone heard from her. And now it seemed like something evil was under the bed and going to get her.
She rocked back and forth looking up at her big sister. “What ...” She couldn’t get out any more than that.  Her sad side reminded her that her mother had known  that  the devil had lived with them for years and all the times she fell for his lies, tricks and emotions.   She held her head in both hands and pressed on her temples, “she made it impossible for me to trust anyone,  and certainly never love anyone.  But, she gave me Michelle and now Spinner!” 
Her happy side stroked and calmed her. It told her that the past was over and that she should see her mom again. It was late. She pulled a blanket off the back of the ratty couch and covered up. Two diametric poles continued their battle for supremacy. 
Finally she got comfortable once again. She lay there a while breathing shallowly until she finally dozed off into dream land. It was only a few minutes until she woke covered in sweat and shaking. She covered her head again until she calmed herself, drifting in and out of consciousness.
She dozed off and woke what seemed to be hundreds of times and when she finally woke for good in the morning she had no covers. She was still shaking and had bite marks that were bleeding up and down her right arm. She was absolutely exhausted. It was like she had never slept. 
She blinked at the harsh light coming in through the window and made out the silhouette of someone standing over her. Michelle was shaking her and saying, “Sherine, you need to wake up, you are doing it again! Look at your arm! See?” She pulled Sherine up into a sitting position and said, “It’s Mom, isn’t it? Sherine, you do not need to see her. If you do there is no telling what you might do to yourself. Look at yourself - and all you did was hear her voice.” Sherine jerked her arm back and threw her body back down pulling covers and pillows over her. She slept fitfully until late afternoon.
When she finally woke, Michelle reminded her that they had planned to go to Dirt Bag’s house for dinner. He was a prep cook at the Ale House restaurant on the Causeway in Merritt Island. It seemed he was the exemplary employee; he had taken some gourmet steaks home when the owner wasn’t looking. He was preparing a celebration dinner for them. Actually, it was to be a celebration for Sherine. It was their anniversary for the time she had been living with Michelle and Spinner. 
Sherine felt exhausted. She really felt she had no reason to celebrate, but Dirt Bag wanted to make her feel special. He was a nice guy even if he did look like a shit-heel biker. Michelle convinced her too that it might be good for her to think about something else. She wearily decided to go and as she cleaned herself up, watching herself in the full mirror, she buried it all and started to feel better.
The dinner was good. He had taken a long time to prepare it with all the right meat cooking techniques. He made sure Sherine was watching as he pulled out all the stops, pan-searing the beautiful rib-eyes and then finishing them off in the oven, explaining why he did each and every step. If anyone that knew him saw the meal he prepared they would never imagine that such a big ugly biker dude could prepare such a fine dinner. He completed the serving with cloth napkins, candles and several bottles of Elk Cove Pinot Noir. The wine mellowed everyone. 
As the steaks rested, he was explaining to Sherine why the best Pinot’s come from Oregon and she was actually listening. Michelle poked Sherine in the ribs and said, “Hey, who looks like they want a girlfriend?”
Sherine swirled her wine and leaning into Michelle’s ear whispered “I think you are right.” Sherine looked over at him and caught him looking at her longingly. She pinched Michelle on her thigh and said again, “Yep, I think you are right.” 


Chapter 12

“Hello ... , Oh, Hi, Dr. Pierre, yes this is Dr. Campbell ... Oh yes, I would love to go to dinner with you, it’s about time don’t you think? … No, no problem at all about the short notice … No, no, please, it´s my honor … sure I´ll meet you at Vescuvios. ... yes I know where; on the Malecón, near the Continental Hotel … Yes I know the restaurant. Great I´ll be there in an hour. See you there.”  
Campbell hung up the phone and said to himself, “Damn, I have to spend a dinner with Dr. Pierre. I know he’s gonna be asking me questions about my past practices; about my research, and why I joined the ‘PRU’”. He walked over to his closet and started pulling out some clothes. “Fuck, I can do this. They are all such idiots. It should be easy … and maybe even kinda fun.” 
He laid out some dark blue trousers and draped a lightly checked Hugo Boss shirt over them for effect. Next he chose a beautiful Hermes tie; a subtle blue print was just visible in the dressing room light. He held the tie up in front of him in both hands inspecting it. He brought both ends of the tie together in his fists and then snapped them out so the tie actually made a loud ‘POP’ when stretched to its limit. “Well, I guess it’s show time again.
“Pierre expects that Nurse Nadia has already checked up on me. Amazing but every time she asks me about my papers all I have to do is smile and tell her that she is beautiful and what an amazing women she is. HA! She melts and forgets about my papers. They are all the same. They are like sheep.  
“And Dr. Pierre … he is perfect for me. After all, I do need to learn how to be a psychiatric doctor too. Then I can finally make it back to the states as a professional and eliminate those loose ends that I left there. So far it’s been so easy to keep track of their where-abouts.
“No one will recognize me with my new look. And I am good, yes I am! Evon and the girls will be history soon enough. Too bad those will have to be for free. Marilyn was a score.  It’s more fun if you get paid for your work. That always adds a little excitement to the job, or the fun” He sat down on the edge of the bed about to slip his shoes on. “I did enjoy watching her sink as she floated away.”  
As Campbell walked in the front door of the restaurant he heard Dr. Pierre call his name. He was looking around in the dim ambiance when an alert hostess pointed him out just around the corner. “Oh señor, please excuse me for staring,” the hostess said as she gently laid a large dinner napkin in his lap. “You two must be brothers! For a second there I almost thought Dr. Pierre had gotten up for some reason!” Her white teeth gleamed against the smoothness of her inky skin. She handed him a table-sized menu and explained that Dr. Pierre eats there often and is a familiar face. 
Both men laughed and Campbell said, “Yes, brothers ... of a sort, wouldn’t you agree Dr. Pierre?” Pierre raised his glass.
Vescuvios is an elegant restaurant. It is open air, and sits alongside the water in the center of the historic district, ‘Zona Colonial’, in old Santo Domingo. Parts of Christopher Columbus’ old wall that surrounded the city were bathed in a soft up-lighting and tropical trees swayed in the gentle breeze. Ancient canons were still guarding the city as they have for over 500 years.
Vescuvios is known for its’ elegance and service. At times the President himself dined here. When he did it was always obvious because the road is blocked off and the noise of the traffic buzzing by stops. Most of the time the weather is perfect for outdoor dining.
 As Dr. Campbell settled in, Pierre stood and bowed a polite greeting. He held out a hand, “Dr. Campbell, it’s so nice to see you here. Please, what may I offer you to drink?”
“Thanks Pierre, it is very nice to see you too.” He turned to the hostess and said, “just a Perrier please, no lemon.” 
She nodded warmly and turned away. Pierre began. “I have wanted to talk to you since you started working at the hospital, but you know things are always so busy there.”
“Yes, I too have wanted to talk to you, but alas, as you have been busy, so have I. I apologize. I should have taken a few minutes out of my schedule to speak with you.”  
Pierre coughed lightly into his napkin, “Well, yes, ... and so here we are, finally talking.” He smiled warmly and tipped his wine glass in toast again. “I have so many questions to ask you that I hardy know where to start.” He smiled again as a waiter placed a glass of ice in front of Campbell and poured the Perrier. The light from the candle bounced gaily off the bubbles. “How about I start with the most basic question I guess?”  
“O.K., shoot.” Campbell cocked his head and assumed a look of ‘all ears’. 
Pierre smiled and said, “How do you like working with Nurse Nadia and living in Santo Domingo?”   
“Nurse Nadia is great and living here is like living in paradise. I love it.”  
“How is your research going? I hear you are doing great things and that you are doing especially well with Marie in Rm. 306B.”  
Campbell pursed his lips and shook his head mournfully, “oh, that poor girl. She watched her parents drown while they were fishing you know; and then when she tried to rescue them she slipped on some rocks and suffered terrible head injuries.”  
“Yes, I read the records.” Pierre said. He buttered a piece of Italian bread and offered the basket to Campbell.
Campbell continued. “And worse yet, it says she watched them flounder in the surf as she nearly bled to death, helpless to do anything. She laid there while they continued to scream and were slowly taken out by the current.” 
“It must have been terrible.” Pierre nodded. 
“Yes, absolutely horrible for her I’m sure ... traumatic.” Campbell chewed contentedly on his bread a moment. “To see someone drown must be a terrible experience; and for it to be family and to be helpless and not able to do anything, wow, just beyond words. I would hate to watch something like that.” He looked up at Pierre and smiled. “One can hardly imagine.”  
Pierre almost interrupted, but he waited and then said, “And after they floated out to sea she laid there, bleeding for hours, hypothermic and in severe pain. She lost so much blood they almost lost her.” 
Campbell shook his head, “Yes, it must have been terrible.” He then asked, “Has she ever spoken since?”
Pierre paused for a moment thinking, “Well, not to my knowledge. Certainly nothing coherent.  It is weird though,  she hardly ever moves and yet recently she had a couple small bruises just below her thyroid cartilage.  It looked like she might be.... not sure what it looks like.”  
Campbell held a second piece of bread to his lips. He smiled grimly and repeated what he had just said, “Yes, it is terrible. I could never imagine watching someone drown; so ... helpless. Such a shame.”  And he added, “It is weird about the bruises.  Nurse Nedia mentioned that to me just the other day.”
He popped the last bite of the fresh bread into his mouth. “Yes, I am taking a special interest in her. I visit her daily and spend more time with her than the others. She is very special. She actually smiles when I enter the room now.” He leaned forward and almost whispered, “I think she even hates to see me leave. I can see that in her eyes. I keep a close watch on her and I really think I am making progress with her. I fully expect that she will improve and may even start talking again.”  
Pierre looked at Campbell over the rim of his wine glass. “You do? You really think that she will improve?” He didn’t look like he truly believed this. “How fascinating! Well, I hope you are correct. It is a shame to see such a beautiful girl waste her life like that.”  
Campbell scrutinized his companion’s face, thinking. He then nodded at Pierre and agreed, “Yes, that would be a miracle, but I have seen plenty of miracles during my career.” 
 Pierre leaned in, “and to think, you are volunteering your time and energy for such a good cause. I often wonder how we can ever repay you.”
“Oh, such nonsense Dr. Pierre. My research is my reward. If my research is at all successful, perhaps someday we will be able to help patients that have these various traumas. Traumas that have shut them out of the world. It is such a waste of life. When I see Marie laying there in the bed it almost makes me want to take her in my arms and hold her and tell her everything will be OK.”  
“Sometimes I want to do the same,” Dr. Pierre smiled forlornly. “Oh, but that would be unprofessional, wouldn't it Dr. Campbell? Oh no! God forbid we show that much compassion.” He snorted dismissal at his sarcasm.
“Well yes, of course it would be. You know we must remain neutral and not allow the patients to affect us emotionally. But yes, I know Dr. Pierre. I agree with you whole-heartedly. Sometimes that is much easier said than done I am afraid.  
“As I said earlier though, I really think she will improve. She takes to the meds very well. By that I mean with very little side effects to note. And, she reacts very well to the personal therapy I’m giving her.
“Yes, I wanted to ask about the personal therapy side of it. Can you tell me about that?”
Campbell shifted uneasily in his seat, and then bounced back. “Well, I can’t go into detail about it yet but you will get a full report very soon. Let’s just say it involves a lot of stimulus – response therapy.” He smugly congratulated himself on that one. “She will be the center of my final analysis and reports. I hope to have the final report in a few months. I will be sure and give you a copy before it is published in the journal. With some luck this hospital will be in the spotlight worldwide.”  
“I would like that very much,” Dr. Pierre responded. “So tell me, why did you pick Santo Domingo, and why our hospital to work in and conduct your research. I know a doctor like you has the pick of hospitals all over the world.”  
“Well doctor, I love the people here and I love the climate and I hate flying. You know it is closer than India ... even South America. That was my other choice. Santo Domingo is only about two hours from the mainland so that makes it so much easier.”
“Well I’m so glad you chose to work here.” He waved the waiter over and asked, “Do you have any children Doctor?”
“I had two step-daughters once, but they died in a bad accident.” He hung his head like the mournful parent. “Yes, their names were Michelle and Sherine ... both beautiful little girls.” He wiped an eye with his napkin.
“Oh! I’m so sorry to hear that.” Dr. Pierre responded, truly affected.
“Yes it was terrible. That is one of the reasons I moved here too. I knew I would never see them again, alive I mean.”
“What?” Pierre blurted out rather loudly. “Alive?”  
Campbell quickly responded, “I mean, I can only visit their graves and that ... ” 
“Oh, oh oh! Please excuse me Campbell! I understand!” He reached across the table and rubbed Campbell’s arm. “I’m so very sorry! I hope I did not cause you ... .” He let whatever else he was going to say drop.
“No, it’s fine really; it was a long time ago.”  
Campbell politely asked Pierre about his life. “I was raised in NY and went to Haiti often as my parents are missionaries there. That’s why I travel to Haiti so often.”  
Campbell sat up, “Oh, I did not know you still travel there often.”  
“Yes, almost monthly for long weekends to visit my parents.”  
“Dr. Pierre, you are a rich man, you still have your parents and you have the time to see them. How nice is that? I would love to go there some time, it would be an adventure.”  
Pierre gave Campbell a curious look. “Dr. Campbell can I ask you a personal question?”
“Of course,” he bristled. 
“Well I was wondering, Nurse Nadia tells me that you live alone and do not date or have a special lady in your life. Would you like to meet my niece? She is very pretty and lives in Port’-au-Prince. That is just over the border in Haiti, about a five hour drive. I’ve actually already told her about you and she is interested in meeting you. She lived and was schooled in New York too. As you may remember, my family is from New York and they all work in Haiti when they are not in New York.”  
 Pierre continued saying, “I have to tell you that when she asked what you look like, I told her that you were tall, extremely good looking and very muscular. And then I added that you look like me. She laughed, but you know, it’s true? We do have a remarkable resemblance. I have heard that from many of the hospital staff and I have to agree with them.”  
Campbell laughed out loud this time and held up his glass of Perrier to toast, “maybe someday that will come in handy, who knows; maybe you will want to be me some day?”
Pierre stared at Campbell for a moment. He raised his glass and clinked Campbell’s firmly, “That would be an honor sir.”
“Back to your family and especially your niece,” Campbell said softly while wiping the corner of his mouth and was interrupted by Pierre.  “Would you like to go this weekend?”
 “Well, this weekend is a little sudden, but I would really look forward to seeing Haiti. That would be great. I would love to visit your family with you and meet your niece. Yes; and we can visit the hospital there in Port-au-Prince, can´t we?”   
“Of course we can,” said Dr. Pierre. “It is very poor but interesting, and I always take some shifts there whenever I visit. They need all the help they can get.”
After the waiter took their orders, the two men continued the conversation. They talked about the more trivial parts of their lives and as they finished the excellent dinner Campbell flagged the waiter over. As he said, “la cuenta por favor,” he turned his attention back to Pierre, “This one is on me.” 
As Pierre protested and started to reach for his wallet, Campbell reached across the white table cloth and gently held his arm this time, “No, no. I insist please. When we visit your family you can pay.” Campbell dropped several two-thousand peso notes on the gleaming silver tray, “and you can pay big time!”
They shook each other’s hand and said their goodnights. As Campbell walked away he grinned to himself and thought, “Amazing, simply amazing. Just as I thought things could not get any better, they get way better. It is fucking amazing!” He watched Pierre get in his Skoda and drive away. Once out of site he turned and went back into the restaurant. It was just about to close and he wanted a word with that hostess.


Chapter 13

Sherine was stopped at a stop light, her old Mustang ticking in the heat. She picked up her cell phone and called Michelle, “Guess what Bee-atch … I got a job!”
“Wow! That's fucking great! ” Michelle exclaimed. “Doing what and where?”  
“I´ll be selling expensive men's suites in the richest area of Merritt Island … to millionaires! All I have to do is look great and smile and make the customers think they look great in the suites ... and that is a natural for me! It's a commission job. I was told I can make lots of money.” She fished around for a pack of gum in the center console as she waited to turn left on to the Merritt Island Causeway to go back over to Cocoa Beach. “It really sounded easy to me; just getting men to pull out their wallets. I hate to say it, but finally Mom´s training will come in handy,” Sherine told Michelle laughing.  “You will do great Sherine.  Men like you.  Just be your sweet self and it will all come natural.”
Sherine put the phone in her lap while she struggled to open the gum. Once back in her ear again she heard Michelle say, “We are going to Dirt Bags and get drunk, meet us there.” 
Sherine said, “OK! Sounds great!” and she clicked the stop button on her I-phone and threw it in her bag. She tossed both on the floor board and grabbed a Big Gulp from the too small cup holder and slowly wiped it across her sweaty brow. 
The light changed and she sped through, slurping thirstily at her 'suicide’ as she called it; a mixture of Coca-Cola, Orange Fanta and Sprite topped off with Lemon Slurpee. She quickly dropped the huge plastic cup back between her legs and pinched her nose between her eyes trying to ward off the head-freeze. Too late, her eyes watered as she waited it out and tried breathing over the roof of her mouth. She shook her head laughing at herself but raised the cup and took another slurp.
Fifteen minutes later she arrived at Dirt Bags apartment near the Cocoa Beach Pier. He lived in a small apartment, but it was within walking distance to the pier and only about four blocks from A1A.
“Congratulations Sherine,” Dirt Bag said as she entered the apartment. She could tell he was already about half in the bag as he gave her a big hug. It was not the kind most would give a stranger or your sister. No, it was a grinder, like he was saying  “it’s time for us to have sex.”  Sherine wasn’t surprised.
Dirt Bag is a typical biker; more on the fat-tire side than the bicycle racer. He had lots of tattoos, a beard and some rotten teeth. When he smiled he looked terrible, so he did not smile much. Sherine thought “maybe someday, but not tonight!” That thought stuck with her most of the evening. She truly liked Dirt Bag and cared for him as he always had her.
Anyway, the devil had destroyed any real love or security she could have for men, at least that is what she found herself thinking most of the time let alone any sexual desire she might have for men. “But,” she thought, “with Michelle, my protector … my mentor, it’s so nice because Michelle ... well, she’s my Michelle. That says it all. No sharing, except with Spinner and he shares too! Yes, it’s totally different.” And with Spinner, when he touched her, she liked it. But it was only when Michelle was watching or touching too. If he touched her without Michelle there it was a different story.
“Let’s get drunk and make a pile,” Dirt Bag yelled as he opened the refrigerator and pulled out a few icy Coronas. “He handed Sherine her beer and smiled pointing to some fresh limes on the counter.”  
Michelle told him to stop smiling or fix those fucking rotten teeth. Immediately he stopped smiling and told Michelle to fuck off. Sherine felt sorry for him, but Michelle was right. His teeth were really bad.  
She could not help wondering why she thought that she might like to have sex with Dirt Bag. She thought about it as the night progressed and as she did she felt her crotch getting warmer and warmer. Lately the only time that has ever happened is when she  watched Michelle and Spinner make love. This was the first time she thought that she wanted to make love with anyone and she did not have to share her man with anyone, not even Michelle. 
 Sherine told herself that she hated all men and yet, here she was; wanting to screw Dirt bag. She kept asking herself, “What is going on?” She told Michelle what she felt and Michelle said, “then do it. What the fuck, it would be good for you. You need to have someone that you trust to screw at times.”  
Dirt Bag kept yelling, “Let’s party and all end up in a pile.” Everyone laughed and clinked bottles.
Michelle had on a short skirt made of very thin material. Both it and her top were almost see-through and she blessed them with no visible panties or bra. She made it a point to whisper it into Spinner’s ear. He grinned and pulled her down to him. They drank beer after beer and he constantly reached under her skirt just to watch her squirm. At one point he whooped, “I love this lady!” 
It was getting late and everyone had drank a lot. Dirt Bag had put the tequila on the table and dared Michelle to ¨knock down a few¨. They ate a dinner of Papa John’s Pizza which Sherine had re-heated in the dirty oven. They were all drinking more than normal and Sherine began having an argument in her head between her happy and sad sides.  
When no one was looking she went into the back bathroom. She quickly stripped off her clothes and stood there admiring herself in the big vanity mirror;  I am beautiful she told herself as she waved her head to see her long beautiful blonde hair swirl back and forth.  She listened outside the door for a second then she took off her panties and bra too. She swayed slightly in the mirror and steadied herself with a hand on the vanity. She slowly brought her hand up her thigh and crossed her taut belly, settling on her pouty left nipple. She raised a forefinger to her lips and wetted it, returning it to her nipple. She shuddered and pinched a little harder. She was ready. She was going to screw Dirt Bag. “I’m ready.  I can love.  I know I can.  I can feel his hands on me already!” she thought. “My heart is racing.  I trust Dirt Bag.” 
Her happy side said, “go and get him girl,” but her sad side was saying, “you hate men, they are the enemy, they will  leave you like a piece of used garbage. If you screw him you will remember the devil and destroy the wall of protection you have built, you idiot, you slut, you worthless piece of garbage.”
She spent what seemed to be an eternity in the bathroom, her battle of her happy and sad inner emotions never letting up. When she finally opened the door, she found dirt Bag passed out on the floor and Michelle and Spinner stumbling to the door.  
“Come on Sherine,” Michelle laughed, “where the hell have you been? We thought you walked home or to the pier or something. Ha! We actually forgot about you for a while there! We’ve been doing shots and we all fucking just lost it man!”  
Michelle was giggling and trying to put her shoes on the wrong foot. Sherine watched her and said, “what are you doing, you drunk Bitch?”
Michelle dropped the shoe and turned drunkenly. She smiled and said, “I love you Bitch!”  She somehow managed to stumble to an erect posture and loudly slurred, “come on Sherine we need to get back before it’s ... too late ... ” and then she hit the floor with loud thump.
The next morning when Sherine woke, it was to Michelle saying, “Come on Sherine pack for three nights.  It´s past eight and if you remember I told you that Spinner wanted to buy a new bike.” She tugged on Sherine’s arm. “Come on get up. Let´s go.”
“Ok, 0k, I´m up. Where are we going?”  
“What do you care?” Michelle said, “Just get your butt up and let´s go.”
When she finally got up and was dressed and ready she opened the front door. The sun fought with the clouds of her irises but she was eventually able to focus on Spinner, Michelle, and Dirt Bag on their bikes waiting for her.  
“Come on Sherine, we’re gonna be late! Get your skinny butt on Dirt Bag's bike and let’s go!” Michelle wrapped her arms around Spinner's belly and settled her soles of her feet on the pegs. “Let´s go!”  
Sherine climbed up behind Dirt Bag noticing that he actually smelled really good. “Ok, I´m ready, but shit! Sorry, but I need to Pee first! Hold on fuckers! The bike will wait.” She climbed back off the bike and squatted down right where she was and pulled her skirt up over her knees. She looked up at the three of them looking at her like she was crazy and said, “Ahhh, now I am ready!”
Michelle told Spinner and Dirt Bag, “That my friends, is my little sister ... just as screwed up as me!”
Michelle and Spinner roared off immediately, but Dirt Bag patiently waited for Sherine to get secured on the bike. He pulled out slowly but accelerated quickly once they were fully in the street. They rode in silence until they had made it to the intersection of A1A and had slowed for the stop at the traffic light there, Dirt Bag turned back and said, “Hey, I´m sorry for all that shit last night. I guess I had too much to drink. I am really sorry.”
She punched him tenderly on his back and said, “You should be, you drank all the tequila without me!” They both laughed but Sherine was thinking, “you idiot! I was going to screw you. You should be sorry!”
Dirt Bag tried to turn his head so he could see her but couldn’t manage it. He had a herniated disc in his neck from an old motorcycle accident and it always bothered him. He quit trying to face her and said, “Michelle and Spinner told me that there is a big three day bike rally starting today in  Deltona. All the brothers will be there and many other colors, do you want to go?”   
“Fuck yes, Dirt Bag, I am with you all the way!” Dirt Bag nodded happily as he dropped the bike into first gear and smoothly started through the intersection. Sherine thought, “this will be the first really big rally I’ve ever been to. So many colors, how cool is that?” 
She leaned forward pressing her breasts against Dirt Bag’s broad back and lifted herself off the seat a bit. The noise from the screaming wind and the growl of the big 1800cc motor was almost deafening but she placed her mouth right at his ear, “will you take me,” She asked. 
“Of course!” he yelled back pressing into her chest. He said, “I´m here to protect you!” And, after only the briefest pause, “I´m yours if you want me!”
“Ok then, if you are taking me and I can count on you to protect me, then I will go.” He punched the air with his left hand and then he slapped the shiny black gas cap. “Yee-haw,” he yelled and twisted the throttle back a notch or two, rapidly gaining on Michelle and Spinner.
After driving nearly an hour to the West of Melbourne they arrived at a dumpy house in the middle of West Melbourne’s swamp land. They were there to see what Spinner called a ‘rag bike’. “Good name for it” she thought. It was the ugliest bike she had ever seen and Spinner got pissed at the guy for lying to him on the phone. He had been told that the bike looked ugly, but that it was mechanically perfect.  
It was not. It was a piece of junk through and through. Spinner got so pissed at the guy that he almost punched him, but Dirt Bag grabbed his hand and calmed the tension. “Whoa bro’, don’t get crazy! We got a long week ahead of us!” 
Spinner just shook his head and pointed to the skinny fucker, “You got lucky ass-wipe!” and they all turned and left.
Later that night, after they had checked into a cheap motel just a few miles outside of Deltona, Sherine heard Michelle and Spinner arguing about money. She could hear her say, ¨You don´t work, you smoke pot and drink all day, how am I fucking supposed to pay the rent? And, you want to buy another bike!”    
Spinner screamed, “You idiot, that bike was going to be an investment! Let’s see you get your ass out there and figure a way to pay the rent! 
“Okay mother fucker. I will!” Michelle screamed back.

Chapter 14

Sherine went outside her grungy motel room to drink a few beers in preparation for the big rally event. There were a dozen or so bikes in the lot and many of the motel room doors were open; people were free to come and go as they pleased. The atmosphere and mood was festive and music blared from several locations at once. She was thinking about how great this was going to be. After all, Dirt Bag was taking her and nobody would mess with him; he was big bad and ugly. She smiled at that thought
Her sad side told her that there was something wrong. So, she worked hard and was able to  shut out her sad side. Was it her imagination or was she slowly getting better at that? This time she knew everything was great and nothing would interfere with that; not even her sad side. 
But, just for a moment, she felt the familiar black wall of sadness, insecurity and nervousness come over her. She heard Spinner yell at Michelle about his work and that they never had any money. Then she shut it all out again. Her happy side told her that they are her protection and that once they get to the rally everyone would be happy; drinking, smoking and enjoying the festivities.  
Finally Spinner and Michelle got over their fighting and both came out to see Sherine downing her third beer. They looked at each other and then downed at the beers both of them had clutched in their hands and laughed. Spinner said, “Are you about ready?” 
Sherine looked at Spinner and said, “No, but I will be after a few more of these Coronas.”  
He laughed and said, “Ok, but be sure you can hang on.”  
“To what?” Sherine said with a smile, “your dick?” He looked at her with surprise thinking, “Man, she is nuts! Up one moment and full of fun and then as fragile as a baby kitten.  I will never know how to handle her.”  
Sherine smiled and said, “Come on, I was just kidding, hold on to what?” 
Spinner said, “Dirt Bag!” He laughed. “Ya nut!”  
“Oh,” she said with a sheepish grin.
Spinner turned back to the door to their room and yelled, “Come on Dirt Bag, let’s go.”  
After a slow leisurely slow ride where they stopped frequently to talk to acquaintances, they arrived in Deland. There were thousands of bikes and bikers there, and parties all over. Wild ladies were flashing their breasts when the cops weren’t looking. They were on every corner. 
There were scantily dressed ladies walking around with bumper stickers covering their breasts. ‘Look Twice - Save a Life’ was a popular refrain. 
There were bikes everywhere you looked ranging from rag bikes to bikes that had to cost over fifty grand.. It was exactly what Sherine had hoped; fun everywhere and she was ready to join in with full force.
“Let the party begin!” Spinner said, as they got off his bike.   
Sherine was amazed at the sheer number of bikes and bikers.  She wore a short skirt and a tight shirt, with no panties and no bra and she looked sexier than ever. She knew that every man there wanted her and probably most of the women wanted her too. Dirt Bag was a little concerned because he had wanted her to be with him. She told him that she was with him.  She smiled and talked to any biker that even looked at her.  
She was taking sips from every drink that passed by her lips and pretending she was going to flash her breasts every time a biker would drive by screaming “show us your tits”. Her teasing drove them even wilder.
Sherine was the queen, and everyone there were her pawns. If she wanted a beer - poof! - there was one in her hand! Whatever was there, she indulged. She drank beer, did some shots and smoked the best hydroponic pot ever grown. She was having the time of her  life; no worries, no problems.
“Michelle, walk with me,” she told her sister. She giggled and said, “I am getting pretty buzzed. I need you to be my security. I do not want to have to kill anyone here.”
Michelle looked at her, trying to gauge if she was kidding or not. 
Stay with me,.”Sherine said again. Michelle shot her another hard look but decided she was just kidding. Sherine told Michelle that every man there wanted them and they needed to watch their backs. “It’s our job to tease all these bikers here! And if someone gets out of hand Spinner and Dirt Bag will take care of ‘em for us!”
Michelle looked at Sherine and told her to relax. “I’ve got a plan for you baby, but you need to be awake; so slow down a little on all the booze and dope!”
Sherine looked at Michelle with somewhat evil-happy smile and said, “A plan; cool. Does it include killing men? If so, I am there baby!”    
Michelle rolled her eyes and let that one slide. So there they were, strutting like a couple royal bitches in heat. It was true; every biker checked them out from head to toe. Sherine was determined to have fun and stop only when she wanted to. Skinner and Dirt Bag, following in the rear were watchful, but they were having their own fun too.
Sherine told Michelle, “We are safe bitch” She was really beginning to slur her words and over enunciate. “We can do anything we want and we will be safe. We are the queens; short skirts and no panties! Yee-Ha!!!”   
At that moment one of the bikers grabbed Sherine and started to pin her on the wall just outside of the public bathrooms. Dirt Bag walked up and grabbed the biker’s arm as Michelle pushed Dirt Bag back. He started to protest but then Michelle got in the bikers face and whispered something in his ear. She patted him on the chest and said, “so relax now ... the night is young baby.” 
The biker was a little confused, but he backed off and apologized for his behaviour and re-joined his buddies as they all slapped him on his back. 
Sherine felt good. Her two body guards had come through. She could be as wild as she wanted, tease every biker there and not worry about anything. She was finally safe.
Michelle was protecting her again she thought. “I love her, man,” she told herself and that made her feel good because she knew Michelle was the only one in her life that truly loved her and would never hurt her. Dirt Bag came up and told her that he was always watching her back. He would always be there if she wanted him to be.  
After about a zillion beers, lots of primo smoke and way more shots of who knows what, Michelle told Sherine that it was time for them to go back to their motel room. The boys drove them back in only a few minutes and started to come inside with them but Michelle told them to go on. “You boys can continue having fun. Let me and Sher have some time to ourselves.” 
They waved good-bye to Dirt Bag and Spinner and stumbled their way to into their room. Sherine could barely stand. Michelle told Sherine that she had an Oxycontin and that she would chew one and follow it with a shot of tequila if Sherine did. Sherine was all over it, but Michelle secretly held back and didn’t take either the pill or the shot.
Sherine woke in the morning screaming when Dirt Bag suddenly appeared and slammed Spinner in the face. Spinner hit the ground and Dirt Bag slammed him again. They beat each other until the other biker brothers pulled them apart. Both had lacerations and bruises all over and Spinner had a finger that was twisted ninety degrees the wrong direction. Blood flowed from his left eye and his lips. 
Sherine jumped up and moved out of the way of the commotion. Then she looked down at her arms and screamed, “What is going on here?” She saw that she had bruises on her arms, legs and face and she had terrible pain in her crotch. Her skirt and blouse were torn in shreds.  
She crumpled to the floor in the corner next to the window air conditioner. It was on full blast and she held her head over the air vents. She was not sure what was going on but she knew she needed her happy side because something terrible had happened while she was passed out. 
Michelle came into the room and was crying and telling Sherine that she needed the money and that she never thought it would be this bad. She cried and said, “I´m so sorry, please forgive me but everyone wanted you!” She looked ravaged herself. “Sherine, I’m so sorry,” she said again. “We needed the money and you ... you ...! So you would have a place to live! You were passed out, so I thought it would be okay. Then they all just forced themselves in and, well … Spinner told me either do it or … Here; I´ll give you the money... ”
Just then Dirt Bag stood up and told Michelle to get the hell out of there before he killed her. He picked Sherine up and told everyone watching to get out of the way. “The show is over fuckers,” and he carried her to his bike. Sherine’s head was still in a fog. “Where is Michelle when I need her,” she was thinking, her brain a muddled mess. But she knew. “She did this to me didn’t she? She and Spinner too.
“I hate all men; I bet she was right; he made her do this to me. I heard him bitching about money!  “Spinner! Where is he?  Still in a fog, Dirt Bag duct taped her to himself so she would not fall off the bike on the ride back to his house.   Sherine closed her eyes and felt the air and wind blow by as she went into her world.  “Michelle would never hurt me,” she repeated over and over until she fell asleep on the bike duct taped to Dirt Bag.
Later as she woke she saw Dirt Bag standing over her. He was pacing back and forth nervously pulling on his moustache. He saw her coming to and he smiled gently, “Hey baby, there you are, are you awake?”  
“Yes, where are we?”  
“In my apartment ... You can stay here as long as you like. You need to get away from all the crazies you have been with the past couple years before you start to act like them. Some of the brothers are saying that you’re dropping meds with the beers you are drinking. That’s why you go crazy, you know how you go into your own world.  You are too good for all the wars that are going on in your head”. 
          He continued and smiled gently; “hey, but look here baby; I have a cat and a dog that would love to meet you.”  
She was thinking, “a cat and a dog, I never had either, but I always wanted one.”   She fell back to sleep and slept for almost twelve more hours. When she woke she could see Dirt Bag looking over her again. She looked down at her aching body and saw that she was cleaned up and that she was wearing a big Harley T-shirt.
She welled up for a second but she said, “Thanks Dirt Bag. I really owe you once again. Tell me what really happened last night.”  
“Sherine, it has been almost two days. Believe me, you do not want to know. Besides, I never did really hear the whole story; what really happened. I  heard you screaming so I just acted, and here you are.” He sat down next to her and took her hand in his big paw. “All I can say is that your sister really blew it this time. Are you OK? I mean how is your head … er, uh, I mean your mind? You know; are you ok?” His big ugly face looked ready to crack. 


Chapter 15

“Welcome Attorney Gerrard,” the  sales manager said. 
“Ah, please, call me Joe.” The dapper looking gentleman grinned broadly. His smile was friendly and he had an air of confidence that was warm and inviting.
“Well; okay then Joe; thanks! What can we do for you today?”  
“I need a suit that will knock the socks off any jury.” He winked as he said this and his eyes scanned all the neatly stacked shirts in the display shelf between them. 
“You´ve come to the right place! We just got in a new line of Italian suites that are the best quality. We sent one to Senator Martin yesterday and I heard the boss on the phone taking an order for Donald Jones, the oil man. And if they like them you know they are excellent. Here, let me show you a few. When do you need it?” the clerk asked.  
“Not for a couple days.” Joe said and quickly fell in step behind the sharply dressed salesman.  
The manager disappeared for a few minutes and Joe noticed Sherine walk by and go into the office. He was shocked at her beauty. When the manager comes back, Joe asked. “Who was that women that just walked into the office?” 
The manager nodded an enthusiastic agreement, “That´s Sherine. She’s going to start working here Monday. Gorgeous; huh?”  
“Wow, she´s a knock out.”   
“Yes sir,” the manager acknowledged grinning, and then, all business-like, he continued, “Well, how about this suit? Is the color good or are you looking for something a little darker or lighter....?” 
“No, I’m not feeling it; that is totally the wrong style and color.”  
The manager looked confused and said, “This is similar to what you normally purchase.”
“Well, this time I want something different, maybe she can help me?”  
Surprised, but after an ‘A-ha!’ moment the manager said, “She starts Monday Joe.”
“Oh,” the attorney replied, “Um, well, I´ll just come back Monday unless you can get her to help me now.”
“Hold on sir, I’ll see what I can do.  He walked over to Sherine and softy spoke with her.
She nodded understanding and smiled prettily as she walked over to Attorney Gerrard, “May I help you sir?”   
He smiled as he felt a little spasm. He mustered a sheepish grin and said, “In more ways than you know.”
She smiled back and said, “Let’s talk about suites now and maybe other things later.”
He was surprised as he felt an instant arousal in his crotch. He kind of shook his head in wonder and squeaked, “Ok, suits, yes suits.”
Sherine didn’t really know what she was doing but she held several suits up for his opinion. “This one brings out the color of your eyes,” she said as she held a rich blue one up under his chin. She stood close behind him as she lingered, holding it under his chin. They both stood there looking at each other in the full length mirror.
After looking at several more options, Joe chose two and asked. “Do you still have my measurements on file?” He didn’t think he could take it if she were to start measuring him. She turned to the manager and he nodded.     
“Of course sir,” Sherine said and let her eyes linger on his face a moment a long moment.
“Will you be the one doing the delivering once they are ready?” he choked. “God, Why is my voice so squeaky?” 
She looked over at the manager again and got the same nod. “If you like, sir,” she replied and felt her face flush a bit. She gave him her best smile. 
“Great! Then let’s set a time,” he said. “Let me see what my schedule is.” He pulled out his iPhone 6.  
She touched him on the arm and held up a finger indicating she would be back in one minute, then went over to talk to the manager. When she returned she told Joe “I work Monday at noon sir. My boss says the suit will be ready by then.” 
Joe scanned his iPhone again and smiled, “That’s perfect!” he said shoving the phone back in his jacket pocket. “Please bring those two to my office at twelve-thirty. Uh, that's when I normally catch some lunch and I will have time for you to do the final fittings.” He eyed her up and down again involuntarily and blushed slightly as he thought of their next meeting. 
They confirmed everything as Sherine wrapped the two suits in plastic. After she stored them away she said her goodbyes and went out a door to the stockroom. Joe flagged over the manager and said, “Here is my card; like you need it, but just in case. And here´s a hundred bucks ... please schedule her gone for more than the normal time, ok? I would love to catch some lunch with her after she measures me for the suits.”   
“Oh you don’t have to do that” the manager says as he slipped the bill in his pocket. “I´ll arrange everything.”  
As Joe was walking toward the door he stopped and in a louder than normal voice he turned and asked “How much is that suit anyway? Ach, never mind, it doesn´t matter, I’d buy it at any price! I’ll have my secretary call with my credit card information.”
Joe stood there for a moment, his head in a cloud. “What’s her name anyway? I forgot to ask!”    
“Her name is Sherine,” the manager said with a gentle laugh, and repeated “Sherine.” Joe waved ‘OK’ to the manager and turned and slipped out as the door closed.    
Sherine had been in the back of the suit shop hanging some new stock on hangers and pressing a few pants to help a little; trying to make a good impression. She wanted to hear if Joe had said anything else about her anyway. She heard the front doorbell tinkle and walked back into the show room. 
The manager was absolutely giddy. “Wow, two suits and you haven’t even officially started yet! My goodness, that guy sure liked you!” He took her hand and held it and said, “do you know who that was my dear? His name is Joe Gerrard and he is one of the top lawyers in Melbourne. Oh my; what a catch, if I do say so myself! You know, he comes from old money too. His mother is from Columbia, Sophia Verdada. You see her all the time in all those high-society mags!” 
The shop was called “Luxury in Threads” and Sherine was ‘officially’ on the schedule to start work on Monday. She already knew that she had a delivery to make as soon as she arrived. The manager told her that she must not be late and to dress very elegantly as the client was including her in his lunch plans. 
She was excited about her new job as she continued to think how easy it should be and that she might be able to finally afford her own place. After all she only needed a couple hundred dollars more. 
That fucking Michelle had given her the four hundred and eighty dollars she and Spinner had charged the bikers that night in Deland.   “I had almost started to trust men,”she thought as a small tear slid down her left cheek.  “Michelle would never have done that without Spinner!” But she hadn’t talked to Michelle since that night either.  
As bad as it was that night, she convinced herself that she was responsible for what happened because she did not know what was going on so it had to be her fault.  Sherine would not allow herself to  believe that Michelle, her own sister would let all those bikers do what they wanted to her for money. She wanted only to hold herself and Spinner to blame but deep down she knew better.
Either way she had some money now and she could get her own apartment soon. “Once I’m in my own apartment, no one will touch me. I will be free. I'm beautiful, I’m smart and I want to have a normal life.  Others have one.  Why can’t I have one?    I have the power to do it.  I can have a normal life.  All I need is to get started; just me, no sister or men and no one will be able to hurt me again ... ever! And as for Spinner; he will pay for his sins someday too. Yes, soon I will be on my own and the world will not hurt me anymore”.
When Sherine got home, the feelings of failure were still with her. She stripped out of her clothes and stood in front of the bathroom mirror staring at her beautiful naked body. Her rage welled and she bit her arm and screamed out loud. “Why do I do that?”  
Worse yet, she knew that deep within her she loved it; she craved it and knew that it was the pain and the seeing of the blood oozing out that she liked. It was the only time she felt anything ... the only time she knew she was truly alive. She finally admitted it. She liked feeling pain.  “Why do I like my pain when after all, I’ve never actually hurt anyone else.” She laughed “’ ... yet’.” She understood both sides of it and knew it was life itself. Pain made her feel alive, conscious! It gave her a feeling of terror and excitement at the same time.  
She looked in her mirror so she could watch herself bite her arm again and again. When she finished she had blood oozing from several deep bites and a drop clung to the corner of her mouth. Watching herself in the mirror charged her body like nothing else. She was exhilarated. Her nipples were erect and she saw the goose flesh on her breasts. She felt alive and smiled at herself in the mirror. She squinted her eyes and smiled to herself and said out loud, “pain is better than sex!”  She calmed down in a split second and thought, “Maybe I am a little crazy.”
And then, as if someone had thrown a switch in her head she began to cry and feel sad. She questioned herself as to why she would bite herself. “Only crazy people do that shit!” she sobbed out loud. She looked for a tissue as she told herself,  “I’m so fucking tired of the pain;” the confusion wore her out. “I do not need any more pain in my life!” she wailed. “I just need to move on and begin a new life, a good life. A life that will make me happy.” She dropped her arms to her side. “But how do you do that when all you have ever known is pain and heartbreak? ... You don’t!” she screamed as she slammed her fist into the mirror breaking it into a million pieces. More blood – more pain- more heartbreak.
She fell back and slid down the wall, cradling her bloody fist. She felt sorry for herself as she reached up and grabbed a towel. Blood trailed down to her elbow and into her lap. She rocked and moaned softly to herself and she fell asleep that way, waking twenty minutes later to see the mess, the mess that was her life. Blood was all over the floor, mixed with shards of glass from the mirror. Dried blood was almost glued to her arm and hand. She was shocked when she woke, and screamed, “Who did this to me? Why me? Who was here? Why didn’t they just kill me?” she cried. “Why didn’t anyone help me?” She cried herself to sleep again. When she awoke, she remembered what she had done. She calmly got up and got a broom and a dust pan. She cleaned up the mess and took a shower. 
After her shower she climbed into her bed and pulled the covers around her neck. She remembered now that she had a new job and asked herself how was she going to explain what she had done to her arm and her hand, and how would she explain the mirror to Dirt Bag? She told herself that maybe her new job would be the beginning of a good new life; no more Spinners, Michelles or dangerous devils like Smitty. She would never share anything with anyone again, never!
Her mind was racing, looking for answers to questions that had been haunting her for years. “Just because I´ve never been alone does not mean I can´t,” she thought defiantly. 
“Please don´t cry,” her happy side kept saying over and over. She tried to sleep again but her mind raced on.
Our evil friend Rationalization crept in. “Michelle needed the money and besides no one really hurt you. Like Michelle had said.  Michelle had cried and begged her for forgiveness. “I need to get over it and learn how to get what I need. Mom taught me how to get a man to do anything; to pay for anything and love doing it. She was the best teacher for that, that’s for sure. It´s time to do what it takes to survive; stand tall, act smart and look great! Yup, that is the new me, take what I want, listen to only me and if someone crosses me, I will hurt them real bad and not look back and most of all never show emotion.  That is where they kill you, emotions.” She rolled over and turned out the light, “Sure, it is simple, but can I do it?  I do not really want to hurt anyone.”  I thought I had love once she told herself as she drifted off to sleep.


Chapter 16


Later that night, after Sherine woke from her nap, she dressed to go to the pool hall across town where lots of bikers hung out.  As she primped and prepared for her evening she kept telling herself that she needed to be strong and prove to herself that she can stand up for herself and do what she must to exist in this horrible world.   She nervously kept up a rolling sing-song manic dialogue with herself. “Wow, I´m so beautiful. My long legs look great in these heels and chaps, my breast are firm and perfect. I’m ready. Those bikers are not ready for me, here I come.  I hope I am ready.”
An hour later she entered the bar ready for whatever would happen. She was like a queen looking over her kingdom. She knew what she wanted and how to get it and it was the first time that she was on her own to get it all. 
“Look at that bitch,” she heard a biker at the bar say as she walked in. “I´d like to put my piston in her ... ” another said and they all laughed and pounded each other on the back. Sherine sat at the bar and ordered a tequila shot with and a beer.  
The bartender asked for an ID. She smiled and showed her ID and within seconds he slid down a shot of tequila and handed her a beer. He winked and said, “You ready for some fun, are you?  
She gently swollowed while she calmed herself and said, “You have no idea!”  She tilted her head back quickly to allow her thick blonde hair flow over her shoulders as she threw down the tequila. She straightened up, shook her head and gave a little “Whoop!” as she reached for a lemon.
“Sounds great, can I help?”  
She smiled and said, “I don’t know, can you?”  
He stared at her a second and said “Not sure, but I sure would like to try.”
“Well let’s just see how the night turns out then.” And she gave him back his wink.
Almost instantly a couple bikers came over and asked what club she was from. 
“I´m from the 'Gliders.'  You know, Spinner’s boys.”   
“What the hell are you doing in here? Those boys do not come to this neighbourhood unless they need their diapers changed,” one said loudly. 
She snapped back, “I had a little fall’n out and I heard that this bar gets some real bikers in it at times. Besides, I was thirsty and now I´m having a beer, what the hell do you care? Got any problems with that?”
The guy leaned in close and almost whispered, “No,” he said, “In fact, I like it.” He straightened back up and said, “Why don´t you let me buy you a beer?”   
“Why don´t you just relax for a while until I get the feel for this place, ok?”   
He looked at her and smiled and said,  “OK baby, just trying to be friendly”. “OK, friend, where is the toilet?”  A quickly pointed finger was offered.   
“OK, I can do this she tells her nervous self while looking in the mirror in the bath.  Mom taught me and I can get what I need.” 
Walking  past the pool table with her new friend watching,  she nodded at the pool table, “Ever play pool?” she asked.  
“Pool? That’s my game. You could say I’ve played it a few times,” he replied.   
She looked around and saw another biker sitting a few feet away and asked, “You know how to play?”   
“Hell yes,” he responded, hardly able to get up fast enough.  
“Want to play? Will you show me?” she asked dismissing the first guy with a shirk of her shoulder. 
“Do bikers love Hogs?” he said and headed over to the pool-cue rack. 
“Well then shake a stick big boy,” she laughed, “let´s do it!”
She went over and was about to put three quarters in the slots when he grabbed her hand and said, “little lady, let me do the honors.”  
She looked up and batted her eyes, “Well then; do it,” she said.  
He racked the balls and went ahead and broke the first set. The balls were all over the table but none fell in the pockets. 
“It’s my turn, right,” she asked.  
“Yes little lady, it’s your turn, need any help?”   
“No. I want to put that yellow one in that pocket way over there.”
“That’s a tough one.” he said.  
“I can do it,” She leaned way over the table; her skirt raised just enough to show the bottom of her butt. The whole room got quiet; the music even seemed to pause. Then she leaned a little more, feeling her heart pounding and her legs shaking.   Now her ass was almost half out of her skirt. All you could see was her tiny thong panties. She hit the cue ball and it went completely crooked and into the side pocket. “I guess that was a bad shot,” she said.  
“Not from where I was sitting!” some guy hooted from the bar. Two other bikers barked agreement. “Hot damn!”
She turned and looked at the biker square in the eye and said, “OK hot stuff, it’s your turn to show me what you got!” Another guy walked over and went to grab a cue stick and the fat guy she was playing with immediately walked over and told the other biker to sit down and wait his turn. He wanted to teach this fine young lady a few tricks first. The other biker sat down and mumbled to himself that he might enjoy watching the bitch stretch for the shots as much as playing anyway. He buried his face in his beer glass.  
By this time she had the attention of the whole bar and the bartender as well. Sherine thought to herself, “this is so easy, I have all these fat bastards in the palm of my hands and I’ve been here less than 20 minutes. I could be dangerous! Yup, and I think it will be tonight.”  She felt her stomach and legs calm down as she gained her confidence.  “Mom was a natural at this,  I am not.  I want to crawl into my cave and hide in the corner, but I will do this and make enough money so I can finally be on my own.”
She watched the guy sink three shots in a row. “It’s time to kill, or at least make them pay and pay and pay. Thanks Mom, I think I understand about a roof and food.” She could feel the rage of pain followed by sadness flow through her as she told herself to do what she was capable of; get all the bastards.  Her good side told her to leave now before she gets into trouble, but she stayed nervously. 
She deliberately missed each shot and in doing so set up the fat biker’s shots for him each time, so he sunk most of the balls. He hated to see the game end, but it did.  
“Ok little lady, the fat biker said, let’s play eight ball and I will give you the advantage of being able to move the cue ball anywhere you want for each shot.” 
Sherine brightened, “Ok,” and she thought “you fat ugly bastard,” “and since that’s not really fair, I tell you what; if you give me that advantage I´ll give you something worth winning for. I´ll put my panties on the table and if you win you can have the package they wrapped up. Deal or no deal?”  
His face dropped and he said, “With a prize like that I better play and not fuck around. I haven´t had any fresh pussy in a long time. What’s in it for you?”  
She threw her head back  letting her hair flow through the air like a movie star looking like she had not even thought of that and said, “Well; I guess I could use new panties, so you have to put a nice crisp hundred dollar bill next to my panties. Deal or no deal?” 
The guy knew he was being conned but didn’t care. “Little lady, I live so close to here we can walk to my crib. I hope you mean what you say, cause my old lady is waiting for me and she would love a piece of you too.”   
“OK,” she grinned, “throw a second crisp hundred on the table and we have a deal; you and your old lady! I need to buy lots of new panties and I feel like shopping. Let’s go!” 
He put another hundred dollar bill next the panties. She said, “You can sniff them if you like for good luck.” He didn’t wait to be asked twice. He smiled and said that he would numb that thing up as soon as they finish the game. 
“Numb it?! What the fuck are you talking about?”
“Yeah he leered, ‘Nyumb-nyum-nyum-m-m!’” Everybody in the bar cracked up, even Sherine.
“It was a great night,” Sherine thought as she left the bar, “what a bunch of pigs.” She got into her Mustang and naturally locked the doors. “All my training has finally come in handy and I don't even need to borrow Dirt Bag’s three hundred bucks now. I can get the apartment!” This thought really made her happy. She stuck the keys in the ignition and fired her up. “I’ll buy a few things and start a real job with a new clean life. I know it will be hard but I´ve never had a clean life and I’m ready!  
“Damn, where is it?” She hadn’t moved an inch but she had to throw the car back into park. “Where did I put my phone? Who would be calling me this late?” Sherine thought. She finally finished digging through the stuff in her purse and pulled out the phone, peeling off hair and clinging cigarette cellophane from it. She put it to her ear and said, “Hello, hello? … I can´t hear you.” She stopped in her tracks and screamed. “Stop it, stop it! Who are you?”  It the faint distance she could hear the caller say, “loose ends,” then a click.
She hung the phone up shaking and just sat there looking at herself in her rear-view mirror. “I need a couple beers and a couple vodka and tonics,” she told herself. “If I’m so tough then why do I want to hide every time I get one of those calls?”



Chapter 17

“Oh my God, look at the TV,” Nurse Nadia screamed as she stared at TV in the waiting room near the pharmacy. “Haiti has just had the worst earthquake of the century. Thousands are killed and they’re piling bodies up in the streets.” She reached for the remote to turn up the volume as people gathered. “Oh my God - poor Dr. Pierre! His family lives there. This is too much, I need to sit. Where is Dr. Pierre?” She screamed over and over. “Where is Dr. Pierre?”
“Call him and see if he is ok,” she yelled to the receptionist. At that moment Dr. Pierre rushed into the reception area and said fast and loud, “Nurse Nadia, I could hear you screaming for me, what is going on? You nearly scared me to death.”
“Dr. Pierre, have you seen the news?” Tears were streaming down her red cheeks and she was wringing her hands.   
“No,” he replied, but his eyes drifted to the TV. The sound was blaring now and a newscaster was ranting like the Hindenburg was on fire. 
She got up and stood next to him holding his arm. “Look, CNN is live and they’re saying that there has been the world´s worst earthquake in two hundred years. The entire city of Port-au-Prince has been destroyed. It’s terrible! The whole city is in ruins. Oh my God; I´m so sorry!”
Dr. Pierre looked as if he was in another world. He stared off into the distance and said slowly, “what can I do? My God; my mother and father; my God. I must go. I must go!”
 	“Dr. Pierre sit down,” she said, “think, you must sit and think. You cannot go now. You need more information. No one knows if the roads are even good enough to travel on. They are saying that they will have live pictures later today, as soon as they can. No one can get in or out of the city now. The roads in the city are all torn up and the military has restricted all vehicles unless it is for transporting the injured or for supplies. You have to think and make a plan that will work or you might get killed yourself ...” She had started to say “too,” but caught herself. CNN and all the other stations are broadcasting all that they can, but they just do not know much now. Dr. Pierre, you have to wait until we know more.”
“No I can´t wait. I will not wait while my family dies.” His face had gone a deathly pale white and there was a sheen of cold sweat on his forehead.  
“You have to wait.” Nurse Nadia walked over to the cabinet in the office behind the reception desk, unlocking it she took out a small bottle and poured out a pill. “You need to take this, it a Valium.” She handed him the pill and rushed back across the room to the water bottle. “We will know more very soon. Look! Look now! There are some pictures being sent from someone´s phone.” She let the water flow over the little cup and jumped. “Wow, look at that,” Nurse Nadia said softly, “it’s all gone, everything is gone. Oh my God. Oh Dr Pierre, I´m so sorry.  
“Dr. Pierre,” she continued in a steady serious tone, “you know that once you cross the border the roads are extremely bad. The mountains are high, and the roads anywhere near the city are terrible and hardly driveable at best of times … and that’s on a normal day! How do you think they are now? And it looks like if you do get into the city the military would not let you go anywhere. Look; here are more pictures.” They kept watching the TV in amazement. “See? They are saying just what I was just saying; it is almost impossible to get into Haiti let alone into Port-au-Prince. And what about the looters on the streets? You will get killed or at best beaten! You will not be safe there.” Like most Dominicans she had little good to say about Haitians anyway. “You just cannot go!” She reached out as she handed him the cup of water and held him by the shoulders.
“Nurse Nadia, I know!” Dr. Pierre almost shouted at her as he pulled away abruptly. With a stern voice he told her to Call Dr. Campbell now. “The other day he told me he would go to Haiti with me, maybe he will still go and help me find my family. Oh God I hope so. I am going and I need someone that will go with me. Nurse Nadia, where is Dr. Campbell?  Where is he? I must go. Where is he? Oh my God. Call Dr. Campbell now.” She had never seen anyone so distraught.  
Nurse Nadia picked up the phone and called Dr. Campbell over the intercom system. The desk phone rang almost immediately. She picked up the receiver and held it out to Pierre but he shook his head no as he listened to another news bite. She heard Campbell saying say, “Hello, hello, Dr. Campbell here, how may I help you? … What? ... Haiti ... earthquake ...  Sure I can be ready ... When? ... Nurse Nadia stopped him and said “Hold on, here is Dr. Pierre.”   
“Campbell, Pierre here. I’m concerned that my parents are in the middle of the earthquake. I’m leaving in the morning. Please come with me.”    
“Of course, when?”    
“In the morning. I’ll pick you up at sunrise, 5:30.”    
“I´ll be ready.”    
“Thanks. I owe you Campbell. You are a true friend.”  
“What do you want me to do?”    
“Just be ready when I arrive.”    
“I will be.” The phone went dead. 
Pierre handed the receiver to Nurse Nadia. He looked dazed as he met her eyes and said, “I am so glad he is going with me. I know we will need his expertise in trauma. I am lucky in a weird way.” He snapped to attention, in charge now. “I am going now to La Sirena Department Store to buy anything I can think of that might help us and those poor people over there. Let’s you and I see what we can put together here as far as triage stuff; bandages, antibiotics and the like. We better see if we can lay our hands on some blankets too. And water, I’ll buy as much water at La Sirena as I can load up!” His mind was racing a mile a minute.
That night, Campbell lay back in his bed. He stretched some as he remotely switched his TV to CNN Live. After a few seconds of watching, Campbell thought to himself, “how perfect is this? What an opportunity. Thank you God. My luck just keeps getting better and better. 
“Haiti; who would have thought of Haiti?” He marvelled at the workings of the universe again, “Of all the opportunities. I´ll be in the U.S. faster than I thought, and as a rich handsome doctor with all those comatose hotties. Life is good!” He smiled, “poor-poor Dr. Pierre,” he said aloud. “Poor-poor Dr. Pierre.” as he fell peacefully asleep even as CNN reported.
The next morning Campbell heard a loud firm knock on his door. He opened it to see Dr. Pierre standing there. “Buenas días,” he told Dr. Pierre. “I’m not quite ready, but can be in five minutes, ten at the most.” Campbell quickly grabbed his things and finished throwing them into his canvas bag. He drew the draw string together and tied a quick knot. Hefting the bag over his shoulder he scanned the room for last minute items and walked over to a table. He slipped his sunglasses in his pocket, looked up at the waiting Pierre and said, “Let’s go.”
“My car is gassed up and I have fifteen gallons of extra gas in containers. We’ll buy gas every time we see a station because I don’t know if we will be able to when we get there. That way we can keep the gas in the containers as a last resort.” He was rattling along, nervous and tense. “I also bought lots of canned goods and twenty gallons of filtered water. I scrounged a lot of gauze, sutures and the essentials for emergencies. I raided the stock room at the hospital and left a note for Nurse Nadia telling her what I took.” He looked terrible. His eyes were red rimmed and puffy and he’s wringing his hands like he just couldn’t decide what to do with them.” They walked down the hall together. 
“I just finished a couple hours ago. I’m tired, but ready to go. Perhaps you could drive the first leg so I could maybe take a nap.” He and Pierre walked quickly to the elevators at the end of the hall.
“You must have a large car to fit all of that in.” Dr. Campbell wondered aloud.
“No, not really I have a Skoda Fabia. It’s small Czech Republic car as you will see. I stuffed it to the max. I really wish I could have taken more. I’m sure water is going to be very scarce but that’s all I could fit in with all the other triage stuff.”  
The elevator was there immediately and as the doors were closing Dr. Pierre continued his nervous litany, “We will have to be really careful once we get near the border. The mountains are steep and the roads are bad once you get past Barahona. That means we will have to go slowly. And, that area is known for thieves. They force a car to stop and take everything from the people in the car and sometimes kill them. I brought a gun. Have you ever used a gun?” Pierre asked.   
“Yes, I used to target shoot, but I do not know if I could kill anyone. I am a doctor. I normally take out bullets, not put them in.” He forced a laugh that was insincere in more ways than one.
“Well, let’s hope for the best, but Haiti is bad enough in normal times. I know it will be really bad now and as you look like a rich tourist, that will make things a lot worse by attracting the bad elements. And after Barahona the roads practically disappear until we get to Jamini, the town at the border.”
Pierre stood thinking with his hands on his hips. He continued, “There will be military guards there. We shouldn’t have any problems there because we are doctors; but you never know.” The elevator doors slid open in the underground parking area and Dr. Pierre led the way to his parked Skoda. The car was small, but it was actually bigger than Dr. Campbell initially thought. 	It was a four door with a rear hatch back and with the seats folded down; Dr. Campbell saw that Dr. Pierre had gone all out. The car was jam packed. 
Dr. Pierre told him, “I’m glad I had the windows tinted when I bought the car. At least this way it won’t be so obvious to all the ‘ladrones’ out there that we are loaded with so many valuables.
“Speaking of loaded; what are you doing about money?” Pierre asked. 
“What about money?”   
“You know; where are you keeping it?” He stood with his hand on the raised hatchback door.
 “Well, uh; in my wallet?” Campbell had a puzzled look on an earnest face. Pierre has his attention now.    
“No, that won’t work. We need to hide it. I put mine in a thick plastic bag and put it under the battery. You need to do the same. The cops, the military or the ladrones … and they are all ladrones, will take it as soon as we are stopped for any reason.”  
“OK, sounds good; show me what to do when we stop.”  
“Let’s do it now. It will only take a second. You’ll be glad you did; I can guarantee that.” He slammed the hatchback and headed for the front of the car.   
A few minutes later they pulled out of the underground garage. “Again, as for the roads; as soon as we cross the border the roads get so bad that it’s hard to tell what’s a road and what’s a washout. They all turn to dirt and gravel. That’s if we’re lucky and they are not all rivulets of slippery water and mud! Caliche turns slipperier than snot, if you’ll pardon the expression, when it gets wet. And all the roads are made of Caliche out there. Then at that point I do not know what to expect, but it will not be good. I drove it a few years back and I swore I would never drive it again, only fly.
“That is where we will really begin to run into trouble. If the ladrones don´t get us the terrain will.”  
“You really make it sound fun.” A worried Campbell said, looking at Pierre worriedly. He bucked up at seeing Pierre’s resoluteness. “Well, we’re on our way now; we can do this! We can find your family and bring them the supplies and money they need to get out and get to safety. Come on, it can’t be that bad.” They pulled out of the parking garage and Campbell looked over his shoulder and wedged his way into the right lane. “Ok, Dr. Pierre, which way do we go?” 
“Let’s see, after we get through the Colonial area here in Santo Domingo we will turn right on the Malecón. We will take that all the way to San Cristobal then to Azua and on to Barahona, and finally to Jamini, the border town. 
“It is about six hours from here to the border and then from there it is about another six hours if we do not run into any problems. “Are you sure you want to do this? Now is the time to say so!” Dr. Pierre asked hesitantly. 
“Of course,” Campbell said as he waved his hand in a forward-down-the-road gesture. “I told you I would go with you and I will. I hope we have enough supplies, ... and we have your gun. Is it somewhere close?”   
“Yes, it’s under my seat here. Listen; if you are hungry we can get some food on the way near San Cristóbal. Let’s save our supplies until we need them. It shouldn’t be too bad until we cross the border and then there’s just no way to know what to expect. I think Azua would be better for food and maybe some additional supplies if we can fit them in the car. I left more room for you than you needed so we have a little space on the back floor.” Pierre pointed another lane change coming up. “Azua is cleaner and we go through there anyway. I really want to make the border before night though so we had better not dally.”
“Look at the traffic.” Campbell said as he laid on his horn, “at this rate we will be lucky to make Barahona by tomorrow. At least traffic is better going out of town. Look at that jam of cars heading in. I think half of Haiti must be headed this way!”     

Nine hours later. - Three pm.......

“Turn right at the next major road. “Campbell directed. He looked no fresher after hardly sleeping at all while Campbell drove. His clothes were rumpled and he needed a shave.
Pierre grunted, “Ha, where do you think we are, NYC?”   
“Well turn right at the next paved road then,” Campbell said testily. It has been a long eight hours.” They drove in silence for the next ten minutes or so.
“Here, this is it, turn here.”  
“OK.”  
“Yup, this is it.” Pierre turned, saw the road and said, “OK, slow down now. This is where the adventure begins. Just look at the condition of this road. We’re lucky to be able to go twenty-five KM per hour and it will be getting dark early in these hills. Look, deep pot holes everywhere. Be careful!” 
They were able to move steadily along for an hour or so when they rounded a tight curve. “Look out!” Pierre yelled, but it was too late. The front tire dropped into a hole the size of a bath tub and the whole frame of the car banged loudly. They screeched to a halt as the wheel bounced out the other side and both men bumped their heads on the low ceiling. 
The engine had stalled so Campbell threw the car into park and they stumbled out in the slick mud to survey the damages. “Damn, that’s just great, just an hour into this shit and we have a flat.” Pierre swore. They both headed to the back of the car and just then they heard a hissing sound. Sure enough the other front tire was flat too.  
“Well double fuck!” Campbell thought to himself. “Shit we have two flats. Now what?” 
Pierre slumped against the rear quarter-panel and shook his head. He looked around in the already fading light and straightened up. “Look up there. There is a truck with the same problem and the tire is off and he’s just standing there.” Pierre yelled to a man and two little boys standing near the truck, “Hey amigo, ayu'dame, what can we do? We have two flats and it looks like at least one of the rims is bent.”
The driver looked at Pierre and the listing Skoda and shrugged. “Wait a few minutes and the motorcyclist that is taking my tire to the station will be back and get yours too.”  
“Let’s jack up the car and go ahead and get the tires off,” Campbell advised Pierre when suddenly they heard a loud bang that made them cringe and duck. They turned back to see another small truck swerving to the side. It was loaded about eight feet high with plantains. The truck stopped and the driver and a passenger got out and checked their tires. They smiled at each other and got back into the truck and continue down the road.  
Campbell looked at Pierre and said, “Damn; if this is the beginning I hate to see the rest.” 
“It will get worse, I guarantee that! “Just wait. We are still in the Dominican Republic. Remember this is the easy part of the trip and we have not even reached the mountains.” 
Campbell pointed up the road, “Look here comes the cycle. Let’s push this thing over to the side a little before some jerk rounds that curve and rear-ends us.” The cycle stopped and the driver got off, balancing the big tire from the other vehicle on the back of his seat. He quickly began to put on the tire. Pierre walked over and asked him if he could take his two tires to the nearest town and get them fixed too.  
The wiry guy immediately nodded and said that he could but that it will take a couple hours. 
“Mierda! Ok, I guess,” Pierre said and turned back to Campbell with his hands in a what-are-ya-gonna-do shrug. In just a short time though, the very capable guy had the Skoda jacked up and resting on some large rocks he had managed to drag up. Both wheels were off the car and he was driving off towards the town; one tire balanced between his legs on the gas tank in front. The other he was holding with one hand behind him. 
“Damn, did you see that,” Campbell said slapping Pierre on the back. “Man, that guy can drive better one handed than I can with two!”
They watched him disappear around the next curve. “I sure hope he is honest,” Campbell said to Pierre. His worried look made his tired face seem drawn; longer even.
“He will be, he wants the pesos more than the tires. I’m sure he does this all day. Another ‘Dominican entrepreneur’ … he could easily have set up on the other side of this curve and warned people about this rut, but he can’t make any money that way. I’ll bet you anything he’s been waiting here all day for this and I’ll bet business has been good!”  
“It is a pretty good business if you ask me,” Campbell nodded in amazement as he tried to wipe orange looking mud off his pants leg.  
Pierre looked at Campbell and said, “Ha! I bet he put that big pot hole there too!”  
“Ha! I bet you you’re right, I’m sure he did.” Campbell laughed. They were both getting a little loopy by now. He shook his head as he realized the likelihood of this. “That’s pretty fucking enterprising!”
“Shit we lost almost three hours.” Campbell mumbled to himself as he watched the cyclist drop the car off the lift and grab the pesos out of Pierre’s hand. It was just past six o’clock by then. They had been going at it for over eleven hours. “Well, let’s hit it, we can’t stay here.”
An hour or so later, Pierre nodded knowingly. “Hey, we are getting closer to Jamini. Look you can see the mountains in the distance.”  
“Wow, they are bigger than I thought they’d be!” Campbell said as he scrunched down so he could see out the windshield up to the top of the shadowy range still a ways off. 
“Yes, the tallest in the Caribbean.” Pierre said, a note of pride in his voice. “Pico Duarte is the tallest and regularly has snow and ice on it!” 
Thirty minutes later, they were in the mountains attempting the first sizeable curve. There was a major washout on the side of the road.
“There is no way we can make it past this turn,” Campbell almost yelled. “The road is washed out and the embankment has collapsed.” You could hear the panic in his voice.
Pierre snapped back, “Campbell I have no choice, do I? If you want you can go back now, I’d understand. One of the trucks will pick you up. You are an American. They’ll take you back to the nearest bus station and you can go back to Santo Domingo; but I have to continue. My family is probably buried under a building somewhere. I am going to do it even if it seems impossible. I’ve got to continue.” Pierre looked at Campbell and bowed his head, “Sorry Doctor, I have to.”   
“No, no, I’m here with you and I will continue, but if we are going to die, let’s not die now, ok?”    
“Ok Campbell, you get out and walk around the corner and see if anyone is coming and if they are, stop them until I pass.”  
“Are you fucking serious?”   
“Yes, I’m ‘fucking’ serious, get out and guide me, but watch out. If a car comes by now we may both go over that edge. Come on, go see, we are losing time.”
“Ok, easy now.” A few minutes later Campbell signalled Dr. Pierre to continue.  
“Can you see my right side? How much space do I have?” Pierre called out the open window.
“About six inches and I’m a guy so my six inches may be exaggerated a bit!” The attempt at levity went unappreciated. “...and the drop is straight down.” He had tried to make light of a dangerous situation but his gut was feeling anything but light. “Stay to the left, stay to the left!”
Pierre yelled to Campbell, “I can feel the side of the car scraping the rocks! I can’t stay anymore to the left!”   
“Let it scrape, let it scrape, turn, hard ... harder!!! You do not have any extra room. Look out, look out! Stop!” Campbell started to scream, “Your tire is right on the edge!” Campbell screamed as loud as he could. He held up both hands to stop Pierre, even pushing against the front of the car. He looked over at the side and saw the beginnings of a small avalanche directly under the front tire. “The dirt is giving way Pierre! Go! Go! Go faster, hit the gas.” He screamed again at the top of his lungs, “Floor it!”   
Dr. Pierre slammed his foot on the gas and turned the wheels into the ochre colored rock wall as far as he could. The car leaped and lurched forward scraping the rocks and tearing off every piece of hardware attached to the side of the car. The mirror and all the trim curled up and grabbed at Pierre’s left elbow just sticking outside the Skoda’s window! Campbell continued to scream, “Go, go, don´t stop! Don’t stop!”  
A few seconds later Pierre slammed the brakes as Campbell motioned to Dr. Pierre that he was past the worst part and was ok. You can relax now!” He bent over grabbing his knees sucking air, his head resting on the big steering wheel. Dr. Pierre looked like he had been shot; his face was flush, his heart was racing and he felt that he had messed his pants. He raised his head and looked back in the rear view mirror at this very narrow escape. He crossed himself and uttered, “Thank God I’m alive,” and placed his forehead back on the steering wheel. Neither man moved for an eternity.  
Finally Campbell straightened up. He took one more deep breath and said, “I really thought you were going then, I really did. Remember I told you that if we are going to die make it after we arrive, ok? 
“Ok, it’s a deal! I will definitely remember that the next time we have a little adventure like that.” Both men were quiet for a time as they allowed the adrenalin spike to ebb.  
A few minutes later another car approached on the inside lane of the road. The road was wider there but Dr. Pierre was now forced to get next to the edge again. This time however it was only at the edge of a large ditch. Campbell told Dr. Pierre to stop and let the other car go by slowly. As recommended, he stopped, and the other car slowly inched by. The cars almost ground onto each other so Dr. Pierre slowly inched forward, trying to make more room. As he did this his right front tire was forced into the ditch and was buried up to the tie rods. 
“Can you believe this,” Campbell asked Dr. Pierre and slammed his hand on the wheel. “We survive being almost over a cliff and then five minutes later we are stuck in a ditch on the edge of the mountain.” He opened his door as another vehicle approached, apparently all trying to get out of Haiti. “Hey Campbell, look, he has a winch on the front. We are in luck in an unlucky way.”  
Pierre jumped in front of the approaching truck waving his hands. “Pare! Pare!” he yelled. “Back up!” We were forced into the ditch and we need you to pull us out. Back up please,” he yelled again.”
Slowly the other driver backed up and agreed to use the winch to pull Dr. Pierre up a few inches until the tires would grab.  
They hooked up the winch. “Stand back from the jeep, Pierre yelled to Campbell, “let’s see.” Very slowly the other driver pushed the button for the winch. Dr. Pierre’s Skoda inched forward. As planned, the tire caught and Pierre was able to get enough traction to make it back up to what vaguely resembled pavement. The other vehicle then backed up until the road was slightly wider where they could both get by. “I wish the first idiot would have done that!” he muttered to himself. 
“Ok, Dr. Pierre,” Campbell said, “from now on if the road is too narrow let’s not try to get by until we find a wider area, even if we have to go back down a few kilometers. Agreed?”   
“Yessiree buddy! No argument from me!” Dr. Pierre said in a shaky voice. “I´m so glad you are here,” Dr. Pierre told Campbell woozily. At this point he was thankful for everything and anything. “You are a real friend, to risk your life so I can find my family. Thanks Dr. Campbell, I will never be able to repay you. Thanks so much.”  
Campbell pooh-pooh’ed him, “You will be able to repay me someday.” As he turned away he said softly, “I’ve got big plans for you my ‘fren’.”
The road seemed to improve a bit as they drove on. “What does the sign say?” Pierre asked Campbell.  They had been making decent time now and the breeze felt good through the windows. 
“18 KM to Jamini,” Campbell answered.  
“The news last night said that it’s total chaos at the border. Trucks are coming and going, people are walking from Haiti into the Dominican Republic … the Red Cross and every other non-profit group in the world is there trying to either get their trucks and supplies in or their patients out.  
“The only hotel there is always full and even if it had rooms available we would not want to stay there.”  
“Why not?” Campbell asked. He rearranged the broken mirror and scraps of trim at his feet, trying to get comfortable.   
“It’s terrible, trust me,” Pierre smirked. “So, let’s continue driving a bit. It may be a little crazy, but let’s continue to drive even though it is dark. If the ladrones don´t get us, the roads will, so what’s the difference? We will stop at the first place once we cross the border and get past all the commotion.”  
An uneventful hour later, Campbell looked up and said, “See that?” 
“What are you looking at?” Dr. Pierre yawned. 
“The sign, it says ‘Welcome to Jamini´.”  
“I guess we are here. Stop so I can ask what is happening at the border.”  
“Ok, I´ll pull over here.” They parked the car and prepared to get out.
They sat there a moment stuffing valuables under the seats when suddenly a man seemed to come out of nowhere. He walked up to the car and tapped forcefully on Pierre’s window. Pierre rolled his window back down a couple inches. The man looked at Pierre and then stooped in and looked across at Campbell, appraising the situation. He held out his hand and asked for a few pesos. Pierre ignored this request and said, “Hola mi amigo, lo que está sucediendo en la frontera?” The dark skinned man had more wrinkles on his 
face than a thirty year old road map. He just smiled and pointed down past the Isla Gas Station. “I thought we were getting pretty close.” Pierre nodded as he handed the man a few pesos. 
 “Gracias, que tengas un buen viaje,” the man said but as Pierre put the car back into drive and started to leave the man flagged them to stop again. He walked back to the window. He asked, “¿estás aquí para ayudar en la clínica estadounidense?”
“No exactamente, ¿por qué?”
“Hay muchos Americanos aquí en la ciudad ayudando los pobrecitos. Hay muchas personas con lesiones en la clínica.”
Pierre looked at Campbell and said in English, “Maybe my family is here. I need to see.” He turned back to the man and held out a few more pesos, but remarkably, the man refused the money. “Do'nde estás la clínica,” he asked the old Dominican. The man pointed to the corner and said to turn left there and go about a kilometer and that it could be seen at the top of the hill. 
About ten minutes later they saw a large building on top of the hill, just like the helpful Dominican had said. Tents were already spread everywhere and flags from several countries could be seen hanging listlessly. The place was lit up with artificial lights and trucks were hustling all over the place. A huge American transport helicopter kicked up all sorts of debris as it was landing at a make-shift helicopter pad all lined with sand bags. At least twenty people, in various pastel-colored scrubs and clinic jackets were scrambling to get prepared for the landing and to transport the new incoming patients. People were scurrying everywhere and there was a lot of shouting. It was helter-skelter!
In minutes the back ramp of the helicopter opened and Campbell and Pierre watched as five crews; all toting gurneys, immediately entered the helicopter. A quick few minutes after this they all come out rushing back out again, each with a patient on a gurney and all racing towards the clinic, bending low under the still rotating ‘copter blades. 
Pierre and Campbell parked a safe distance from the commotion and got out of the car. They walked fast toward the two-story building toward what appeared to be more of an administration entrance than triage area; although the entire field was littered with the injured. 
On the way to the entrance, Dr. Pierre stopped one of the men following behind one of the gurneys and asked who was in charge. He filled him in very briefly about his family. The doctor immediately pointed toward the entrance and told him he can enter there, but there are no real records. “If your family is here they would either be in the receiving area downstairs or in the Post Op area over there. They could even be in the one of the tent villages springing up ... or the morgue he added softly.”  
He then pointed to a one-story building on the other side of the compound. It was past all of the tents where the volunteers slept. Pierre gestured thanks because at that moment the helicopter was taking off again making it impossible to hear any words.  
Pierre grabbed Campbell’s arm and tugged him and began to almost run to the entrance. Once inside he raced through the receiving area searching every which-way for his family. Seeing nothing, he headed for the Post-Op area.  
Later, after looking frantically through the hundreds of patients sitting all over the Post-Op area he said to Campbell, “no luck here; … well, maybe it is good luck. The people here are obviously some of the worst, so maybe my family is ok.” 
Pierre looked at Campbell, crestfallen, but still positive. He pulled him out of the way of two running nurses and said. “They could really use some help here!” He quickly explained to him that maybe they should stay and help out some, just for a couple hours. Basically the medical team was only rushing to do the bare necessities ... just saving lives as they were not set up for any more. They were sewing people up and setting bones where they could and just amputating the extremities of others when needed. That is relatively fast, so maybe they should volunteer and help.   
A startled Campbell almost choked and stuttered, then said, “Well yes, I suppose, of course.”  
Pierre again grabbed his arm and led Campbell into one of the American surgical suites. Not really surgical suite as one might think, but an area blocked by sheets and equipment. There were many areas separated by sheets to separate the various groups that had come to help. 
The group next to the American area was from Mexico. Pierre pushed the sheet aside and interrupted the surgeon as he had begun to cauterize a peripheral artery in preparation for the amputation surgery. “Doctor,” he started, “we are surgeons from Santo Domingo on our way to Port-au-Prince.” 
The doctor looked up and said, “Great, can you take that patient over there?” He pointed to a patient that was next to the wall, laying on a gurney. The young girl was conscious, but she was moaning and rocking back and forth. There did not seem to be any family members nearby for support, and her right leg was wrapped in blood-filled gauze, “Please prep her for surgery. She is next.”  
Pierre and Campbell walked over to the patient as does a nurse and an anaesthesiologist. The nurse looked at Campbell and said, “Doctor where would you like to work?” She pointed to an open area in the hallway and gestured, “is that ok?”
“Perfect,” he agreed. They rolled the gurney over and Pierre immediately began to undo the gauze. He stopped quickly as he realized that the gauze was wrapped very tight, to serving as a tourniquet too. Pierre turned to flag down a supply man that was pushing a cart from table to table delivering gauze, needles, lidocaine and other basic supplies. As he turned back, Campbell, trying to look busy, had loosened the gauze some not knowing what he was doing and thinking that he would continue what Dr. Pierre had started. With the Posterior Femoral Artery re-opened, the entire gurney was floating in blood within seconds. Campbell stood there in shock. Pierre pushed Campbell out of the way as the other surgeon almost dove across his patient to help. 
Pierre grabbed the patient, rolled her over and the other surgeon grabbed a large pan of haemostats and began jabbing them into the area where the most blood was spraying out. The patient was screaming and screaming as he stabbed the haemostats into her legs over and over again, finally finding the artery. He squeezed the haemostats, stopping the blood flow as the patient passed out from the pain and the huge instant loss of blood.  
Pierre yelled for someone to bring two bags of blood stat.  He quickly looked at the patients chart and noted the blood type and yelled it to the supply guy.  
He looked at Campbell and said, “We are both tired. Maybe we had better leave and come back later when we are rested. Besides, I really should be getting to Port-au-Prince ASAP.”   
As they walked out, the nurse that set up the IV to replenish the blood loss asked the other surgeon what that was all about. He responded by saying that he was not sure, but that it is a good thing they were leaving before they killed someone.
They made it back to their car and Pierre looked at Campbell for a few seconds, not speaking. He thought that what had happened was extremely weird for a doctor of any kind with so many years of experience, very weird. It was something that could not be explained in his head no matter how many times he went over it. 
After a very few more minutes of driving they reached the border. Pierre still in deep thought about the clinic incident focused his eyes through the heavy dust being produced by all the trucks and cars scrambling over the rocks and through the pot holes. Everyone there was wearing dust masks or hospital masks if they had one. He could finally see the guards at the border’s gate behind the long line of vehicles.  
“There it is, the border. Look through the dust if you can. I can hardly see between the dust and all this artificial lighting.” 
“Go slow.” Campbell said. He could not look at Pierre. 
“I have no choice, look at the road, it’s all big rocks. Now I know why the Haitians have a hard time coming into the Dominican Republic, look at those mountains, no one could climb them, and the pass is so small. Ok, get ready.”
At the entrance, there were several Dominican soldiers with M16 rifles; they were opening the gates for truck after truck. All were wearing the cheapest mask ever made, basically worthless.  
There were people all over, selling out-dated food, old clothing and anything they could while others were moving boxes from truck to truck. “Just like the news said, total chaos,” Dr. Pierre said as he eased the car forward. “Look at all the kids; they are all over the place.” He inched forward another couple inches and continued, “And they have no parents, they are the kids of the streets. It is terrible but you can buy one if you want.”   
“That is terrible,” Campbell agreed as he was thinking, “buy one, hum, never thought of that. Nah, don’t have time for any little shits, I like the bigger ones with money.”  
They jockeyed behind a large 18-wheeler truck that said “United Nations” on the side.  
“Great” Pierre said, “Where in hell is he going to go?”
“Right there,” Campbell said and pointed.  
At that moment one of the guards flagged them around the truck and pointed them to go through the border gate. Pierre seized the moment. He went around as directed and continued to go through without looking anywhere but straight ahead. “Phew, that was stressful but was actually fairly easy,” Pierre said. “And we did not have to pay anyone off. Damn, look at the road, just as we expected, no road, just holes and ruts.” 
They drove most of the night on dirt and gravel roads going no more than about fifteen KPH. They shared the driving and they tried to get some sleep, each in their own turn but it was pretty miserable going. They never saw any hotels or restaurants so they ate from the supplies Pierre had brought, chewing thoughtfully. They were both wondering what would happen next. They drove on and on silently until the sun began to come up. Pierre sighed, “Wow, what a night that was. I never thought we would ever see daylight again.”   
“What was that we hit back there?” Campbell asked as he turned his head to look behind them. Perhaps he thought whatever it was would still be dragging behind them. Perhaps it was another posterior femoral artery following them and it was spraying blood everywhere!
“I think it was a goat; but I’m not sure. At least I hope it was a goat. If it was not a goat it was a little kid and I wasn’t about to stop. Did you see the people coming out of the wood work to see what happened?” 
“Yeah, I did, and it looked like they were coming for us!” Then Pierre added, shaking his head in wonder, “This is a living hell here. Let’s get in and out as fast as we can; that is if we can.” 
Campbell almost yelled as he excitedly pointed a little to the right and straight ahead. “Look, a sign. We have only 10KM until Croix Des Bouquets it says ... and according to this old guide book there is supposed to be lodging there.”    
“God I hope there is.”    
 “You call this a town?” Campbell asked a while later?” He had nothing but disbelief on his face. “And that is lodging?”   
They pulled over and got slowly out of the car, their muscles punishing them. They walked up to the entrance, or what looked like an entrance. Walking in they were assaulted by one bright light bulb. They both made the mistake of looking at it a little too long and as they moved forward they bumped blindly into a small desk. As their eyes came back to near normal they saw an old black lady sitting in a worn wooden chair. She is staring into nothing. Maybe she looked too long in the light bulb too Pierre thought. “What do you want?” she asks in broken English. “You are white.  Why are you here?” 
Pierre answered in Spanish, “We want a room with a shower and we want to sleep for six hours. We do not want any trouble. We are going to help with the earthquake victims.  
She looked up and said, “a room and shower. Ain’t got a private anything. Water is on for one hour at eight am and one hour at eight pm. Want it? Roaches and mosquitoes are free.” She hacked a laugh at her own joke and spit into a dirty cup.
“What time is it now?” Dr. Pierre asked. If his tired shoulders drooped any more he’d trip over them. 
“Seven-thirty AM.”  
“Yes we want it. How much?”   
“Three dollars ... American. And if you want a towel that is another fifty cents American for each.”   
“We want two ... two rooms and two towels”  
“OK, that’s eight dollars American. Go down the hall, the second ...”
“Hey, you said three dol ...” Campbell stopped and shook his head. The old woman was laughing so hard she started a coughing fit ... big joke. “Ok gringo, seven dollars.”
“Everyone’s a comedian I guess. Well, I’m in no mood! Just give us the keys.” he said with disgust. 
The woman reached behind her and grabbed two keys. “It’s the rooms on the right. The shower is outside on the left.” She looked totally pleased with herself. 
Pierre looked at Campbell and quietly asked, “Did you see the way those three locals were watching us?”  
“Yes,” Campbell replied out of the corner of his mouth. He continued, “Glad we have a gun and the money is under the battery. I’m thinking once they have the money they would kill us.”   
“After we wash you sleep first and then I will. Only a couple hours, ok?”  
“Yes,” Dr. Pierre said through a stifled yawn. “Just tell me when you are rested, OK?” 
Hours later, Pierre patted Campbell on the back and said, “Time to go.”  
Campbell, groggy, looked at Pierre and asked, “has it been two hours already?”
“It’s been three, are you ready?”  
“Yeah, ready as I’ll ever be.” The yawning was contagious.

Chapter 18

“Can you believe it? My own apartment,” Sherine screamed out loud to herself. “No devils, no problems, no sister, no sharing, NO EMOTIONS; all by myself.” The apartment was located near Cape Kennedy in Titusville. It was a few blocks off A1A near the Dixie Crossroads Restaurant. She had found a tiny two bedroom on the second floor of a small building that housed a realtor on the ground floor. It even had a small balcony overlooking the paved street below and she walked out onto it now to enjoy her domain.  
The balcony was big enough for two small chairs. She’d stuck a small wooden box up against the railing and dressed this up with an old slightly yellowed doily she’d actually found up in one of the closets. She used this as a small table. 
The view wasn’t much, but it was hers. To her right, she could see a narrow dirt road where cars had to pull over and wait for each other when they passed. 
Looking across the street she could see into the bathroom of one apartment and the bedroom of another. She shrugged and picked up a can of bud from her little table. She took a sip and continued talking to herself. “Well, if I can see them … but who cares? It’s a great apartment for the money, only five-fifty a month.”
“Surely I can afford this,” she thought, “even without hustling the bikers or dating men for money.”  
The furniture was rough but it would do. In one corner sat a small leather chair; very worn, with a small lamp on a boxy table sitting next to it. She’d draped a pretty orange and green scarf over the lamp. Very Blanch DuBoise if you’d asked her. It was her favorite movie and she leaned toward the theatric in her debatable design sense. 
Next to them she had moved an old couch. It looked bad enough that it could be bug infested but Sherine hadn’t noticed any; nor did she have any bites after she woke from a nap she took when she first moved in. She knew they were a big problem in Florida so she wanted to be careful.
“The main reason the apartment is perfect,” she thought as she finished her beer, “is that it’s not near Michelle and no one knows I’m here except Dirt Bag!” Catching the bus got her to work in Merritt Island in only twenty-five minutes if her old Mustang would not want to start. And, it was within walking distance to the biker bar where she could stop by at times and get rent money if she was running short. She grinned as she got up to go back inside, “those dumb-ass bikers!”  
Suddenly she remembered she had to work tomorrow. She chewed on a thumb nail and thought, “Oh damn, that’s right, I start tomorrow. I wonder what this crap is about having an appointment with that lawyer. He wants me to deliver his suit? Ha! Looked like he wanted me to deliver more than that!
“This may be ok though. He was good looking and he had to be somewhat rich or he wouldn’t have been buying suits there! Maybe it’s show-time again.” She paused for a few moments, swaying back and forth in the sliding glass doorway. “Let’s see, this may be the first rich guy that I meet. First of many I wonder? Just like mom taught me. A roof, food and money, except this time no emotions.  Never again! Yup, I’m sure it´s show-time again! Only this time I´m playing for more than a measly few hundred dollars. I want to land a good one that will give me it all.”  
Sherine decided that what she needed right now was a few more beers and a couple Tanqueray and Tonics. She kept up her running inner-dialogue. It was almost as if there was two of her in the room. “That sounds good to me,” she thought as she poured a cold beer into a frozen glass. “Yup, I’m on my own now.
I wonder what’s going on at the bar. Anyone ready for some pool?” Within a few minutes Sherine was looking her best; high heels, a little makeup, incredibly short skirt, tiny thong panties and an attitude that would make any man bow and scrape. As usual she was an angel with the heart of the devil spitting fire and on the prowl with nervously shaking legs and a pounding heart.
As she was entering the bar, she heard a biker whisper loudly to his buddy sitting next to him, “Isn’t that the same bitch that kicked Jimmy’s ass last week?”  
“Hell ya, that’s her. Very cool … ,” Then he asked loudly, “Hey beautiful, what’s your game? Do you want to try me on?”   
Sherine startled. She’d still been in deep conversation with herself, trying to calm herself down. She turned and looked at the guy and sized him up with a professional eye. He was six foot or better, had large shoulders and good teeth … and a bulge in his tight jeans that made it hard for her to keep her eyes where they belonged. Sherine stared, almost mesmerized for a second. The same biker called again, “hey bitch, what the fuck do you want?”
She focused back up on his face and smiled prettily for him, “ … to see if I can have some fun.”    
That brought him back on his heels a second but he rallied immediately. He nodded up and down slowly, “Well alrighty then, let’s do it.”  
As Sherine broke the balls, her new challenger asked her, “How about we put some money on this one? Like say a couple hundred bucks? I heard you were a bad ass.” 
Sherine was a bit taken back and getting more nervous by the moment about this and wasn’t so sure of herself now.   She looked him over once again and then heard herself saying, “ok big boy, show me what you got,” as she swolled slowly trying to gain her composure.  She didn’t have anywhere near two hundred dollars on her or anywhere else but again, where would we be without our old friend rationalization. “Besides,” she thought, “I came to make money, not lose it!”
 A few seconds later the cue ball slammed into the rack and balls careened all over the table. One dropped into the pocket nearest her and she announced that she had solids. She gave ‘Six-foot’ a satisfied look and said, “five ball in the side pocket amigo,” and pointed with her cue stick. Thinking that she would have to lean way over the table and that this would distract him she did just that.  
As she leaned over the table as far as she could, she checked her audience out of the corner of her eye. She was just thinking she had them where she wanted when Mr. Six-foot-Dick-Wad reached over and grabbed her. He pinned her down on the table, with her feet just off the ground. 
She kicked and cursed, and almost got away but he leaned his weight into her and was just too strong. Keeping one hand crammed her into the back of her neck, he forced her face into the harsh felt material of the table top. She was helpless. He pulled her skirt over her back and continued to hold her neck. Tears of anger welled up in her eyes and she tried again to flail her arms and clawed at the iron wrist of ‘Six-foot’. 
She tried to swivel her head around looking for help when she saw Jimmy, the guy she had taken the last time she was here, coming out of the corner. Her eyes grew wild with fright as she recognized who it was. Seeing that he was lowering his pants, she bucked and screamed furiously. 
He duck-walked the last couple steps, holding his pants up around his knees with one hand and used the free one to reach for her panties. He tore them off her and tried to mount her from behind as she fought, but she was a little too high for him. Her reddened face was stretched and her teeth were bared. She was practically snarling as spittle and swear words were flying everywhere. “I’ll kill you!” She screamed and cried out with extreme terror!
Jimmy yelled, “Shut up bitch,” and slammed her on the side of her head. “You think you will hustle me? Well, hustle this.” At that moment Sherine managed to swivel her left hip up and resting higher up on the table. This change in leverage allowed her elbow to come up and she smashed ‘six-foot’ in his nose. The pain was like a stab of lightening and he quickly let go. She continued rolling to her right, her legs buckling but she grabbed her cue in both hands. Jimmy tried to reach for her but she stepped back and brought it down hard on his outstretched arms. Jimmy howled but only for a second because her second swing landed upside his temple and he went down like he’d never had legs. 
Sherine immediately turned and brandished the cue at ‘Six-foot’, giving it her best Pete Rose swinging for extra bases. The pool cue landed a sickening slap across ‘Six-foot’s’ left eye and the bridge of his already broken nose. 
Head wounds bleed and his was no different. So leaving one guy holding his nose and another cradling his head she sprinted for the door, pool cue in hand. Once outside she started running toward home as she bitterly fought angry tears. She had been taken totally by surprise, but she vowed never again. And, she vowed to stay away from every man forever.  Her shaking legs, her heart pounding and her head swimming with doubt, questions and answers she found  herself running and crying, almost tripping at times.  
She ran half way to her apartment and then began to walk. Her sad side began to show and she found herself smiling devilishly as she slowed to a very slow walk; looking behind her to be sure no one was following. She discovered that she loved the adrenalin rush she had just experienced and was thinking how much fun she could have when she really killed the next man that got close to her. “I will kill them all. I am better than them; I am free and I can take care of myself. Anyone that tries to mess with me will die.”  She bit her left arm as she stopped for a rest.  Sitting on the curb with her mind in the heavens the thoughts gushed from her and not once did she think how lucky she had been.
She limped back to her apartment as she had lost a shoe and now the shaking began. Now the reality set in that she could have been raped and maybe even gotten killed in that bar. She grabbed her bottle of vodka sitting on the counter. 
Very early in the morning she woke on her couch with an empty glass in her hand. She stumbled into the bedroom and passed out on the bed. When she woke a little later, her only thoughts were about what lay ahead. She didn’t give what happened last night another thought. 
As she brushed her teeth and began putting on some makeup, her only thought was about her new job and her meeting with the handsome Mr. Gerrard. And today was Monday, as good a day to start a new life as any.
Chapter 19

“I know his office is on the seventh floor; I know, believe me, you told me about ten times,” she smiled to the store manager. He had been telling her to smile and expect to go to lunch with the client.  
“I will, I will,” Sherine told her boss as she left the store. She caught the swinging door with a hip as she struggled with the two garment bags. “I think he thinks I am an idiot, like I don’t know why they want me to deliver the suit. Just come out and say it! OK? Keep the client happy, whatever you have to do. Trust me boss; I know what to do!”  
A half hour later Sherine arrived at the building and parked her car. She shut off the motor and sat there in the hot Florida sun a moment as the old Mustang continued to run even after she had pulled out the key. “What a piece of garbage that car is,” she mumbled to herself. “I´ll have a Mercedes soon!” She chanted to herself as she walked up to the high rise entrance. “I’ve got the power, I’ve got the power, just relax, take deep breaths and smile.” It was becoming her mantra. She stopped a minute to make some adjustments and looked herself in the mirrored glass of the building’s exterior. She turned around and looked back over her shoulder to check her ass. “Huh, no panty lines, wonder why,” she giggled to herself.  
She entered the cool sleek lobby and there were three elevator doors open. She stepped into the middle one and said “Seventh floor, please.” The old lady in the elevator pushed the button and asked, “Are you going to see Attorney Joe Gerrard?” 
“Well, yes I am, I have a package for him.”  
“Please tell him Marie said ‘hi’. He´ll know me,” she winked. “He is so hot. Don’t you agree? Why honey, if I was your age I would jump his bones.” The old lady chuckled and continued, “Did I embarrass you honey?”   
Sherine grinned and winked back, “Nope! I was thinking the same thing.” 
The old lady checked her reflection in the stainless steel doors and smiled. She wiped a bit of lip stick off her front tooth and added. “And you know, he’s actually such a nice person … and he’s a great attorney too. You know, he represents only the most famous and influential of Central Florida.” She sounded like a proud aunt.
Sherine looked back at her evenly, “Well that is interesting to know. Thanks!” 
“You’ll like him. He makes everyone feel so comfortable. I hear that juries just melt when he talks. Here´s the seventh floor sweetie; good luck!  No panty lines, smart”  
“Thanks!” The elevator opened directly into a sumptuous Law Office. “Wow,” she stopped and gazed around, “Jackpot! Shazam, baby! This will work!”
As the door closed behind her Sherine heard the receptionist ask if she could help. “Why yes please.” She held up the two garment bags. “I have a delivery for Attorney Gerrard.”  
“Oh, yes, he’s been expecting you; one moment. Please be seated. I´ll notify him that his package is here.”   
“Thank you,” Sherine said as she was thinking that his package is without panties. Looking around, she noticed many photos on the walls, “Tell me; are those lovely children in the photos Attorney Gerrard’s?”   
“Oh no they are Attorney Schwartz´s, Attorney Gerrard has no children or wife.” 
“Oh, thank you … again I guess,” she said with a little embarrassed grin. “Very good” she thought, “Perfect so far and getting better by the moment!” She sat down in a comfortable arm chair and draped the suits one over the other and hummed again, “I’ve got the power.”
After a couple minutes, Attorney Gerrard appeared in the hall somewhat breathless. He invited Sherine into his office. 
“Just as I expected,” Sherine thought, “photos of important people ranging from city council, state representatives and big corporate CEO´s. Not just a few, the walls are covered! And as if that’s not enough, one wall is nothing but copies of settlement checks, many in six figures! Very nice!” Sherine was almost trembling. “Very-very nice!”
“Hello again Sherine. If you remember we met briefly the other day in your shop,” said Joe as his big warm hands held hers.
“Of course I remember.” She looked up into his eyes and felt her pulse rate raise a couple ticks. 
“I’ve been expecting you, please, let me have those, and please make yourself comfortable. May I offer you anything?”  
She handed him his suit bags and said, “Oh no thank you Attorney Gerrard, I’m fine.” She sat down in the high-back leather chair and slowly crossed her legs. 
“Oh please, it’s Joe! Please call me Joe.” He lowered himself to sit on the edge of his massive desk. 
“Ok then, Joe. Thank you Joe.” she said. She gave him her favorite smile. 
“So, these are my suits, huh?” He paused for a moment as Sherine stood and walked over to look at more plaques, letters and awards on the walls. She noticed him giving her a full body scan so she casually turned three hundred sixty degrees so he could get the full picture. She stood on her tiptoes and stared at one above eye level and his eyes stayed on her flexed calf muscles.
She turned back around to face him, letting him know she had caught him staring. “Yes sir, er ‘Joe’.” They stood there a moment looking at each other. Finally she asked, “Would you like me to open it?” 
It took him a second before he realized she was talking about the suit bags. “Oh, yes, but before you do, why don’t you take off your jacket and put it over there on the chair. You might be more comfortable, and please allow me to help you with this package …”
“But of course,” she responded. She removed her jacket revealing her sleeveless arms. She gently and carefully opened the zipper and pulled out one of the suits and removed the coat from the hanger. She held it so he could slip his arms in. He slipped it on and shrugged it into place. He buttoned one button and turned for her approval. She gently smoothed the front lapels and said, “Oh my, there now, it´s a perfect fit. Not too tight in the chest, just right.” As she pulled lightly on the coat, she unbuttoned the top button to see how it would hang on his lanky frame. “Now then, that’s better. Now for the pants, … if you would like to be sure they fit perfectly.” 
“Yes, of course,” Joe replied. “I´ll just step into the bathroom for a moment and …” he turned and left for a few minutes. 
When he returned in the new pants, he did a mocking male-model turn, and leaned a pose on the door frame. They both laughed and he asked, “How do I look?” 
Sherine turned him by his belt loops and lifted the tail of his coat. She ran her fingers inside the waste-line as she admired his behind. She slowly massaged the fabric down the side of each leg, letting her hands linger just a second or two longer than is necessary. 
“Nice,” she almost whispered, “very-very nice!” Joe got a little jittery and accidently knocked a pen onto the floor. He was stunned for a second and felt awkward. He has always been the one that controlled the moment. This was the first time that he didn’t feel in control. When she touched his hand to check the sleeves, the shock caused him to take a step back. The intrigue actually scared him. 
He had an impulse to have sex with this girl no matter what the cost. “This is crazy,” he told himself as she continued smoothing out the material. He could smell her soft perfume and he literally wanted to throw her over his desk and take her at that moment. “Christ! I need to take control of myself now! I can’t do this here!” 
As she saw him floundering, she smiled again, She bent over and picked up the pen that he’d knocked off the table. Slowly and as sexily as possible, it’s all show. The “V” her long shapely legs made when they met the lower part of her ass made him harder and he moaned softly. Sherine was thinking of last night in the pool hall with the biker pigs. Same killer move; but definitely a different stage. And this time the stakes were a lot higher.  
The move seemed like a year to Joe. As he watched her bend and the skirt rise as she leaned over, he had a million thoughts in one split second. “I want her-I need her-I would die to get her-I’ll-I’ll do whatever it takes!”
“Thank you Sherine,” he managed to say with a mind of full-blown mystification. “I believe I heard I might have the pleasure of going to lunch with you.”  
Sherine said, “The pleasure would be mine, Joe. That is if you have the time. I’d like that very much!” 
“I have the time,” he blurted and then in an embarrassed tone. “I mean, I scheduled a long lunch hour and I would love to have a nice lunch with you. Is the Cocoa Beach Pier on the water OK? It´s close; only fifteen minutes and we can walk on the pier after for a few minutes.” 
“That sounds perfectly lovely Joe. I hope I dressed appropriately.” she said. 
Joe looked at her legs, butt, breasts and eyes in a split second for the fiftieth time. He could feel his hard penis stretching his new pants. “You look great Sherine, perfect. I mean you’re perfect for me. I mean you are dressed just fine.” ... “Whew,” he was thinking, “I feel as if I’ve never talked before; he shook his head, “and to think that I make my living lecturing at people.”
At lunch they had the usual small talk. He asked about her family. Sherine told him she had a great childhood; one sister and a great mother and that her father found God and decided to spend all of his time with the church. 
She never mentioned the devil. She told him that she had just moved to the Cocoa Beach area so she could enjoy the beach and maybe do some designing. 
“I just love it here,” she told him. “Most of my friends live around here and it is perfect for me to continue my studies as a designer.”
Joe ate up every word. “You are such a talented woman,” he told her. “You ran your family business, designed clothes and have ambitions.”
“What would you like to order?” Joe asked when the waitress appeared.
Blushing somewhat, she smiled and told him that she thought that he had beautiful eyes. She looked up at the waitress and asked her. “What do you think? Beautiful eyes, huh?” 
The waitress laughed and nodded her head emphatically “And more!” she said. They both laughed again, kindred spirits. Joe squirmed, his ego boosted more than a little. 
“I think I will have the sashimi tuna salad with a side of your ginger-lime vinaigrette. Please make sure you put the dressing on the side for me.”   
“That sounds perfect,” Joe said, “I'll have the same thing but you can toss mine with the dressing. And to drink, Sherine?” Her name was still tasty on his lips. 
“Water for me Joe,” Sherine smiled demurely, “I never drink in the afternoons and very little in the evenings.”   
“I´ll have a beer to celebrate my new friend. Please bring me a pint of the Anchor Steam,” Joe grinned. 
“Well, OK then,” Sherine said laughing. I guess it is a good thing to celebrate! I’ll have a beer too since you are.” Joe gave a gratified look at the waitress and a minute later she sat two frosty-cold beers in front of them. Sherine straightened his coaster under his beer for him and then lifted her glass to toast, “Here’s to the future.” She smiled and bated her killer eyes again.
“Here’s to our future,” said Joe, and they clinked glasses and stared into each other’s eyes.
Their lunch ran over by a good half hour. After the bill was finally paid, and the waitress sent off with an outrageous tip, Sherine looked down at the floor and mumbled something to herself. Joe heard her and asked what she was talking about. 
 “Oh nothing, I was just thinking what a lovely afternoon I had and I thought I should tell you, but, I don't want to sound, well, I didn't want to give you the wrong impression.”  
“Stop,” Joe demanded, “Sherine, I had a great time too and I want you to know that too. Sorry, but I did! And I love saying it. I had a great time and I want to see you again.” 
Sherine smiled and looked up, “You idiot, I am a trained killer compared to you and you are my prey!” But she said to Joe, “Thanks Joe, I thought I might be out of line; you know, pushy?”  
“Oh, Sherine, I feel so comfortable with you, let's relax and say what we think, OK.?” 
“Great!” Sherine said and they both nodded on it as if it was law for the future.  
“So, let's start over. Hi, I'm Joe and I am very excited to have met you.” 
“I too am very glad to have met you, Joe.”  
“Let´s get together for dinner later this week, ok?” Joe continued. He was practically breathless. “How about tomorrow evening?”   
She took a breath, trying to act out the moment, “Well, I have to do a couple small errands. I guess I could be ready and available around seven-thirty, how’s that?”  
“Perfect!” Joe said, “Where should I pick you up?”  
Sherine smiled and said, “I´ll be in the Merritt Island area, how about I meet you at say, seven-forty-five at the shop. Is that convenient?”
Joe grinned like a small boy with a new toy and told her that was perfect since he lived nearby on the Indian River.”  



Chapter 20
 
Frank was good at what he did. He cleaned up messes that David and people like him so often made. If a drug deal went bad, Frank would sweep up the evidence, eliminate the loose ends and do anything that needed to be done. This time, David had another job for him. Except, David had never asked him to terminate anyone before. This would be a new chapter in his relationship with David. He was the one person that David could and would count on; any time anywhere.  
He and David were convinced that Marilyn's lover had killed her although her body was never found. Frank figured that he’d dumped her somewhere off the coast. He had looked at the yacht the day she was missing and had noticed the fuel tanks were low. Besides, the dock hand thought he’d seen Smitty with a woman that ‘may have’ fit the description. He’s stated that it had been very busy that day and he wasn’t one hundred percent sure. 
Frank and David were sure though. In spite of the boat being immaculate, (a little too immaculate?) they knew. 
Frank was proud of his knowledge and ability in the world of computers, the information age and the internet. Although he had no real formal training in computers he had taken an interest in them for years and had become quite proficient in them. They had helped him before and they would again. He just had the knack.
He had been watching Marilyn and her lover for a while and always wondered how they could be that easy to keep track of. But David had told him that he would take care of them when the proper time came. He knew they were stashing away piles of cash and he thought he had an idea that would make it easy to get it when the time was right. Frank had agreed, let them hang themselves.
He had gotten copies of Marilyn's cell phone numbers. It was not hard for Frank to find out that she had called a Robert Smith a few times. The number was a local 407 Orlando number, and it came up many times whenever he reviewed her phone history. 
It only took Frank one call to a source he had. He was able to find out the address that Robert Smith had used when he got his number. He went to the address listed and it was the address of a disposal company in a commercial area; a bogus address. Frank wondered who Robert Smith was.
Immediately following their disappearance Frank went to his sources. He managed to get a copy of Robert Smith's records. Without too much effort, he put two and two together and found that Robert had called a number with the area code of 809 several times just after the date when Marilyn disappeared. Then the calls just stopped. “Too late asshole, I gotcha!” Frank thought to himself.
It was a Dominican Republic number; in Santo Domingo, their capitol city on the south coast. Frank reflected, “this is getting easier than I had originally thought.” He was proud that he had so much information in such a short time and wanted to tell David that he was making great progress.
“So, Frank,” said David, “Great work, but we’re not sure he actually went there. I have to think he would try to score on another drop.
“I want you to wait for as long as it takes and if he does not show up at one of their drop off points then I want you to head south to the Dominican Republic. I just can’t help but think he would be greedy enough to cash in on a few more drops. If he does not show for the cash pickups then we will know for sure that he’s fled. The question is; where? I think you’re probably right that he’s going or has already gone to Santo Domingo. When we are sure, you can go and find our friend old Mr. Smith, and bring back his balls, understand?”    
“Sure do, David. I will enjoy this one.” Frank thought that he would enjoy killing this guy and enjoy the trip too. “It's a win-win for me!
	“What an idiot, … what an amateur,” Frank kept telling himself. “All I have to do is call a few numbers and I am this close to our killer. This idiot used Marilyn’s Florida cell and all old Frankie had to do was call the numbers he had called.” 
When Frank had called the 809 number a young lady had answered and said in Spanish, “The International Clinic for Reconstructive Surgery, how may I help you?” 
Frank asked a couple questions. His Spanish was okay but he wanted to be clear. After he was sure, he hung up and Googled the name of the clinic and found where the clinic was located. “H-m-m; plastic surgery, huh? This guy is playing for keeps.”
Frank had traveled a lot, but he had never had a case outside the USA. He loved the opportunity to travel and this time he could mix fun with fun; the ladies and killing Marilyn's lover.   
He liked the Dominican Republic and was anxious to go, but he would do as David said and keep a watch here first. He had been to Santo Domingo many good times before; buying ladies and partying. He loved the women and the “houses” as he called them. 
He loved the way the ladies treated him there. He was a good looking man. He was a bit taller than average and weight had never been a problem. So that and the fact that he always had a few nickels to rub together made him very attractive to the ladies. Who’s kidding, the fact that he was a gringo was more than enough! He couldn’t understand why more single men didn’t flock there … especially the old geezers!
 He left the following morning; again, as David had instructed.    
Arriving about noon, he paid his ten dollar tourist fee and was breezed through customs with a big welcoming smile. As he walked out the exit, three colorfully dressed guys playing Bachata music immediately made his body start to sway with the Latin beat. Seeing the strong sun and feeling the high humidity he thought, “Ah I love the Caribbean!” and he practically danced out of the airport.   
“Taxi! Taxi!” several drivers were yelling at him. 
“Yeah” he responded, to one of the drivers. “How much to the Colonial Zone and what hotel do you recommend near the Capitol Building and the International Clinic of Reconstructive surgery?”  
The cabbie looked at Frank and smiled. “You look like a man that wants more than a pool and a view.” 
“How can you tell?” Frank laughed. 
“Well you have only one small bag and you made the mistake of showing that you are carrying more money than the average. You know that there are a lot of bad people here that would like to have that money; you had better be careful.”  
Franks frowned. He looked hard at the cabbie and said, “You know there are a lot of bad people that have wished they did not mess with me also,” but he put his wallet away even as he tucked his thick gold necklace back under his shirt collar.
“Ok-ok, lo entiendo! Usted es un tigre” said the cabbie as he laughed and pounded Frank on the back. He kept his hand on his shoulder and steered him towards a cab.  
“So what about a hotel; one near the Presidential Palace? One that has night life; ladies, you know.” Frank handed the driver his carry-on bag.
“I´ve got the perfect one, it’s called the Mystic. It has two ‘houses’ right next to it.  Thinking “I take all the gringos there.  All they want it women, drink and a cheap room.”  He continued, “There is also a restaurant on the corner and a casino about a block away.”   
“I want one that does not ask many questions.”
“Then you want the Mystic, no one will ask anything.”
“Where did you learn your English?” Franks asked the cabbie. 
“New York,” he responded and then the cabbie asked, “Where did you learn yours?”  
“Fuck you culo,” Frank told the cabbie and they both laughed.  
The cabbie threw Frank’s things in the trunk and said, “At the Mystic, no ID is required. It is just a fun hotel with a lot of hookers coming and going”. 
“Perfect, let’s vamos.”    

Later that afternoon, after Frank has partaken of the local color and the feminine side of Dominican culture, he asked himself, “What do you say I pay a visit to that clinic? That should be fun.” 
He walked out to the street and yelled for a cab. Immediately one stopped, and a quick ten minutes later, Frank entered the clinic. “Not bad,” he whistled to himself, impressed at the tall ceilings. The walls were adorned with tastefully done paintings of ladies in various states of undress; each highlighted by spot light. He smiled as he listened to his heels clicking on the marble floors. It certainly seemed an international clinic as the name implied.
“Hi miss, do you speak English?” The woman-girl behind the counter was dark and lovely. 
“Of course, how may I help you?” she smiled prettily. He got lost in her strong white teeth; shiny behind blush colored lips. She had a beautiful mouth. It was small but with lips firm and nicely shaped. Frank had a theory about women’s lips. He felt that a woman’s lips and mouth paralleled her pussy and pussy lips, even down to size and color. He was mesmerized now. 
She cleared her throat and he came out of his reverie, “Uh, I have a friend that told me this was an excellent clinic for cosmetic surgery and as you can see I could use a little lift around my eyes.” He winked at her. “OK, I´ll be honest, I need a full body job.” He held her eyes to gage her reaction. He knew he was ‘hot’ by almost any woman’s standards but he was particularly interested in this beauty’s. 
“Well sir,” she replied, “Perhaps; I mean, without insulting you, perhaps a little tune up might be in order.” 
Frank laughed to himself and smiled at her. “You are so kind, but facts are facts. My car needs a little tune up; I need a complete overhaul.” He’d always used self-deprecating humor to disarm girls.
“I was referred here by my dearest friend Robert; Robert Smith.” He pulled out a photo he had taken from a distance shortly before Marilyn disappeared. The picture was clear, but it was obvious it had been taken from some distance away, not the type a ‘friend’ would have.
She looked at the photo and suppressed a gasp. “OH, shit not him. This is not good. The doctor will not like this at all.”
Frank had been watching for her ‘tell’ and did not miss it. “I had hoped to see the same doctor that he did. Well anyway, perhaps you may recall my friend. He's taller than I am, slimmer too; and has a very good build. To be honest, I wondered why he even came here; he was so perfect to begin with. But I never ask a friend why they do things. If you do ask, often times I find they will not be your friends much longer. You know what I mean?” 
She smiled and then gently and quietly said, “Si senor, I know.” She was fidgeting and obviously trying to buy time or evade the question, “I once made the mistake of telling my good friend that she could come here and I could get her a discount on a little liposuction and she looked at me and told me I was crazy! She said that the men love her fat hips; and you know, we have always had a little wedge between us since then. It has never been quite the same. So, I do know what you are saying. Never question a good friend, only the ones you don't care about.” She got quiet now and waited but Frank just kept waving the photo gently in front of her. She sighed, “So do you know when your friend was here?”   
“He was here just recently. I'm not sure exactly, probably in the last week or so. It could have been as much as a couple weeks ago, but definitely no earlier. He will not talk about it. He says that he was not here, but I know he was and I want to see if you can make me look as good as him.” He laughed and said, “I doubt it, but I'm here. That’d be a good start, right? And my friend was here too, right? I am sure you would remember him, right?” he asked, letting a little menace come in his voice. 
That made her mind up for her. The change in her was meteoric. Whatever ideas she had about protecting Robert’s identity disappeared faster than a falling star. “He was very mysterious at times.” She said as she nervously played with a long curl of glossy black hair.
“Well, I can believe it,” Frank said, reaching to take the woman’s curl between his fingers. He stroked the soft hair with his thumb. “I know he did not want anyone to know that he was here. Can you believe it? He did not even tell me until I called him the other day. The surgery was a surprise for the wife too, or in his case, for his girlfriend.”
She looked up as she took a small step back gently pulling her hair from his strong fingers. She nervously said, “Ok, if I'm thinking of the same man, I don't think he did it for his girlfriend, he was almost perfect before the surgery.” She leaned back over the desk and whispered, “I could get fired for this, but I hope you are not here to cause us problems.”
“No, no,” Frank told her quickly. He once again moved into her personal space. “I am not here to cause you any problems, I promise.”
“I hope you are telling the truth senor. This patient made it clear we were not to divulge anything!”
“Oh I am.” He smiled as he leaned his square head even closer.
“Your friend was the worst patient we have ever had here and if I were you I would keep away from him. He seemed like he could be dangerous. He had us call him Mister Jones.”  
“Mr. What”?  
Yes, believe it. Mister Jones.”   
“That’s him all right,” Franks laughed. “Paranoid and weird.”
“Paranoid and weird you say. I say he was scary and dangerous.” She wrapped her arms tightly under her generous breasts. “Why do all Dominican women wear such tight shirts?” Frank asked himself. 
“I am so sorry if he scared you,” Frank said. He straightened up and he gave her his biggest smile.  
“Yes, that's it.” She says, feeling a little braver as he stepped back a bit. “Your friend is a real wacko and if I were you I would watch out who you call friends.”
“I know, but after ten years, I have learned to overlook his flaws and to appreciate his finer qualities.”
“Does he have any finer qualities?” She stepped back and randomly shuffled papers behind the desk.
“To be honest; not many. Did he mention where he went after his surgery? And are you sure we are talking about the same patient?”
“I would guess we are. Let me see that photo again,” but she kept the desk between them as she reached for it.
Frank let her hold it. Looking at it she nodded, “Yes, he was here. As I said before he would not tell us his name which is somewhat normal here; but his attitude was not normal. Even for the ones that don't want anyone to know that they are getting a ‘tune up’.” She gave the photo a final look, “Yup, definitely that is your ‘Robert’ and if the doctor knew I talked about him I could get in trouble. I was never so glad as when he left. Pareció al diablo!” and she quickly crossed herself.
She told Frank that she couldn’t give him any more information. Frank darted a look around and put two one hundred dollar American bills on the desk. She smiled, grabbed the bills and as they quickly disappeared within the enticing folds of feminine décotage she asked, “Gracias señor! Is there anything else señor?” 
“Who did the surgery?”
“I do not know, but I can look at the records.” 
“Forget that for now, where did he go?”   
She looked up after searching a few notes on the computer and said, “He is not your friend is he?” The money had warmed her up a bit and now she was willing to live with the danger. She couldn’t have said why, but she liked and needed a little drama in her life.
Frank’s eyes blazed as he responded, “Lady, you should not ask any more questions. Take the money and tell me where he went.”
Now she got extremely nervous and she squeaked a mumble, “Please do not hurt me.”
“I won’t, but might have. You are fine now. Just let me know where he went and I will leave and you will never see either of us again.”
The woman felt like she was walking a tight rope, one wrong move and down she’d go, but she pushed on. She sighed and shook her head and quickly said, “I’m pretty sure I heard the cabbie talking about hotels in Zona Colonial.”
“OK, that is what I need to know. Now who was the doctor that did the surgery?”
She said again that she did not know, but that she could look up his records and introduce him to his doctor.
Frank said, “That would be great. I had hoped to have a little chat with that doctor.” He rubbed another hundred dollar bill between two fingers. Her eyes did a bug-eyed goldfish and before he knew it, it too had disappeared.
“Yes, of course. Please be seated and I will pull his records and see who the surgeon was and see if we can arrange the consultation.” 
Shaking with excitement, she fumed as she looked through the computer. It was as if the record had been purged. She turned and started searching the many rows of colorful files behind her. After several starts and stops she pulled out a file. She put down the file and picked up the phone and called the doctor. Frank heard the page go out over the speaker system. “The doctor will be right with you,” she told Frank as she set the phone down. “His name is Dr. Sanchez, he said he remembered your “friend” for a couple of the same reasons I did.”
A few moments later, Dr. Sanchez entered the reception area. Frank stood up to shake the Doctors hand when the doctors said without any preamble, “I cannot tell you anything about your friend. That would be illegal and jeopardize my license. I am sorry,” and then he quickly walked away. 
Frank shrugged his shoulders and turned back to the receptionist. “I need to find this man. If you or someone you know helps me, there will be more money like I have already given you.”
She nodded that she understood and she accepted one of Frank’s business cards. She tucked it away in the Fort Knox of her bra and there it percolated.




Chapter 21
 
“Damn,” Joe was thinking, “it´s five-fifteen and she’s not here.” He began to pace in front of the shop where Sherine worked and stopped to look in the window for a minute. He paced some more, inexplicably nervous. The late afternoon sun was bouncing off the plate glass and though a cool night, he was starting to sweat. “I´ll give her a few more minutes before I call her. I don’t want to seem too anxious.” He stopped and tugged on an ear. Laughing to himself, he shook his head in wonderment. “God, I feel like a love sick teenager!”
Just then Sherine walked around the corner and immediately started apologizing for the delay. “I´m so sorry, Joe, I just could not decide what dress to wear. I hope I´m not too over dressed, … or under.”
Joe looked at her and felt a stir in his crotch. He focused on her firm breasts. Her small nipples were making lovely little orb impressions against the sheer material of her dress. He could see she had no bra on and, to him, they were picture-perfect. Her flowing blonde hair sparked highlights as it flirted with the last of the sun’s rays. He got his breath and said, “My God, I mean, I mean you look stunning Sherine!” 
She smiled and hung her head, truly pleased. “Are you ready? Dinner is waiting and I´m anxious to hear more about you,” She slipped her arm in his. “Where are you parked?” He pointed to the last car left in the small lot immediately in front of the store. “Oh its’ beautiful Joe,” she said sincerely. The big black BMW seemed oversized to her. He opened the door for her and helped her settle in.     
At the restaurant Sherine managed to keep the conversation mostly about Joe and his famous court cases. She was a good listener and he was enjoying himself thoroughly. He was a little reluctant to tell her about all his cases but she was able to get more information about him then he had told anyone in years. Joe was finally able to ask a few questions about her life and family. “So Sherine, it sounds like you’ve had an interesting life so far.” 
“Oh yes,” she replied, “my dad had a family business that I helped run for years and then he sold it. It was very interesting. He had a modeling agency. That is why I have an interest in modeling … and design of course. My mom was a model before she met my dad. She lives in San Diego now. I do miss her so.” 
She set her fork down and reached across the table and took his hand. Changing the subject she said, “Dinner was wonderful Joe, but I’m so full! Gosh, I haven’t eaten that much since last Thanksgiving I think!” She laughed and squeezed his hand. “Let’s go for a walk. Don’t you think that would be a good idea Joe? It’s such a pretty night. Hey, I know; you mentioned your boat earlier, couldn’t we walk along the water and go see it?”
“Yes, sure! That’s a great idea! It’s at the Canaveral Port Marina. We can have a couple drinks at the marina and then tour the boat. It isn´t much, but it´s perfect for a quick jaunt to the Bahamas.”
“Really,” Sherine said as she smiled. “That would be fun. I want to go someday.”
“Ok, it’s easy. We usually just motor down the inter-coastal to West Palm. I know all kinds of great places to stop and it’s really fun. Once we are in West Palm, it’s an easy straight shot of only about fifty miles to the Islands.” During the whole conversation Joe was feeling his Viagra burning a hole in his pocket. “How about we go and have a drink on her??
“Oh, on the boat itself?” Sherine asked sounding like a kid getting to go to Disney Land.
“Yes, of course on the boat itself!”
After they paid, they walked out into the warm night. The aroma from the sea air mingled with the great smells of food being prepared in the restaurant kitchens and even on the boats themselves. Their mouths watered even though they’d just stuffed themselves. She sighed and he smiled at her mischievously. He leaned over to whisper in her ear; “you know, my yacht's name is ‘Always Wet’.” They laughed as she gave him a gentle punch on his arm. He took her hand in his and pulled her to him, staring down into her shimmering eyes. He gave her a quick peck on the forehead then tucked her arm in his and they walked down the quay arm in arm. 
As they walked, he pulled out his cell, hit some numbers and waited a few seconds. Then, turning his attention to the person on the phone, said “Hello, I am Attorney Gerrard,” after a slight pause he continued to say “yes it is a little different for me to be here at night but, will you please put a bag of ice on the dock in front of my yacht with an order of those cheese things that I usually get? … OK, thanks. I’ll be there in less than 15 minutes, … thanks, yes, good bye.” He hung up and put his phone away. Looking back down at Sherine, he smiled and gave her a satisfied wink-nod. 
As he hung up, Sherine smirked thinking about the yacht’s name. As if she was slightly embarrassed by the boats name she said, “’Always Wet’ huh? That makes sense for a boat and for a lucky lady. You did say your boat was a she, didn´t you?” She gave him a little bump with her shoulders and leaned into him. Joe released her arm and put his own over her shoulders and held her closer. They continued walking in silence.
They strolled quietly through the marina area where there are several restaurants and bars. “Hey, we’re not in any hurry are we? How about we go over the Tiki-bar?”
With her arm around his waist she led him like a dancer towards the reggae music playing softly from the Tiki-bar’s golden interior. “Sounds great Joey,” she said as they approached the entrance. “Oh Joe, look how pretty everything is with the lights and the water all tinkling like shivering diamonds. Oh, I love it!”
They walked inside and headed straight to a quiet table overlooking the entire inlet. As they sat, she vaguely heard Joe ask her a question. She was not really listening; her head in sumptuous clouds.  She was more than a bit overwhelmed by all the plush accoutrements and lavish wealth she had encountered tonight. In her reverie, she didn’t answer him but, she gave him a slight nod while thinking of her how poor her family had been at times.  Coming to her  awakening of the conversation  she nodded her head again instead while Joe asked again, “Sherine what would like to drink?”  
She fully snapped back and he had her full attention. She slapped her hand lightly in the table and grinned. “Let’s celebrate Joe!! Give me a shot of tequila and a beer chaser.” When Joe heard what she wanted he had a million thoughts. First, he thought that maybe she was just trying to show that she could keep up with him. He was confused but he finally gave it up. He thought maybe it didn’t matter so much about the complete change in what he had expected. “As long as she is with me!” 
He remembered the Viagra again and thought “This girl could be the love of my life, so nice and so... I do not know,  just so whatever … not to mention the best lover I have ever had.” Frankly, the excitement of her perfect everything combined with her obvious readiness to party made him so hot that he wanted to jump on her right then and there. Looking at her silhouetted against the enchanting backdrop of the marina he thought about how sexy she looked. He managed to say, “that sounds a little strong for you doesn’t it?”  
She looked down at her hands while thinking that she is not what Joe needs, a poor girl that  grew up with issues, likes to drink, party and ….. while she is fiddling with a napkin. “Yes, I normally don’t drink like this; but we are celebrating, aren´t we?”    
“Well, yes, of course, Wow, then lets party! What should we toast to?” He took her hands in his.  He felt her calmness as she flagged over the bartender. 
“Us! New beginnings! The future! … All of the above she laughed!” They touched water glasses and even enter-twined their arms, laughing. She leaned into him and rested her head on his shoulder a second, and then whispered, “How about we just go right to the yacht and have a bottle and some beers delivered to ‘Always Wet’ and you can give me that tour you promised.”   
“Perfect!” he said as he waved over the bartender this time. “Give me a bottle of Patron Premium Tequila and a six pack of Dos Equis to go please.”
They stood leaning together at the bar, both feeling the heady rush of things to come. When the bottles arrived he paid quickly. He grabbed her arm and they headed to the yacht.  
On the boat the mood was festive and in just a few minutes Joe had three shots of tequila in him and was on his second beer. Sherine kept, if not set the pace. 
He was talking fine but was definitely feeling it, and even had a little difficulty walking on the slightly bobbing boat. Sherine was in her element; tequila, beer, and a man. Only the luxury was different and she loved that. “I´m finally right at home as sad as it is, yup I am finally right at home ” she was thinking. “He does not have a chance. Thanks Mom, at least you got that right!”  Damn you..and damn your  boyfriends.  I hated everyone of them.   Well, almost all of them. She hugged Joe as she hid behind his neck to wipe the tears that began to set sail down her cheeks.  
Joe on the other hand welcomed the embracement and felt her holding on strongly as he was thinking that if he could make this lovely sweet girl love him, then all of his ambitions would have been met; a good law practice, some very promising political ambitions, and a lovely bride. “Perfect!” he kept telling himself as he began to stumble a little.  
“That’s it honey,” she told him one time when he missed a step going in to the galley. “I'm here for you.”   
He looked at her and remembered thinking that Sherine walked onto the yacht like an inspector, rubbing the teak railings and remarking about the brass fixtures. She looked at Joe and said “I love the feel of the rocking; the gentleness of it and the rhythm. I love the sound of the slapping of the water and the reflection of the lights. It takes my breath away!” she whispered. Marilyn Monroe had nothing on her, and yachts are another of a girl’s best friends!
“Ok, now for the finale of the tour,” he told her as he slowly opened the master suite door. He entered first and then gallantly took her hand. He got quiet as he looked back at her, her beautiful body framed in the light. She had taken off her heels when she came on board and he was a little surprised at how small she was. He groaned as he pulled her quietly toward. 
Joe pulled her even closer and slid his hand over her round buttocks and gently but firmly squeezed. Sherine stuttered a moan and grabbed his other hand and put it on her breasts. His penis strained immediately, harder than he could ever remember as his pelvis naturally arched. She immediately hopped up and wrapped her legs around  him.
They fell back laughing on the massive bed and Sherine sat up.  She rubbed his hands over her breasts and arched into him some more. Kissing his strong hand she playfully bit his knuckle, “I have a lot in common with her,” she said as she undid his belt buckle and zipped down his pants.
“Her?” He croaked. He held her back a bit by her shoulders and asked, “who? Her?”
 “Your boat silly!” and then they were bucking into each other. They both wrestled her out of her dress and he rolled her over and quickened the pace. The boat took on a whole new rocking rhythm. Seconds later she arched, he arched, and both screamed through clenched teeth. “Ar-gh-gh! That was fucking a-ma-zing!!” he screamed.  He shuddered and rolled over on his side, pulling her close. He began stroking her soft hair and kissing her all about her eyes, cheeks, mouth and neck. They lay there panting, giggling from time to time but not saying a word. Finally Joe rose and propped his head up with his hand. He looked down at her red cheeks and smiled. “Hey my sweet,” he said as he brushed a lock of hair from her mouth. “what did you mean when you said you had a lot in common with my boat?” 
“Well, not your boat so much,” she giggled. She pushed him back slightly,  winking at him she said, “Joe, Your boat and I? We are both always wet Joe.”  Joe felt his heart miss a beat.  He laid back and let her play with him. “My god,” he thought, “I´ve never felt this alive before.” 


Chapter 22
 
Joe dropped Sherine off about mid-morning the next day. As she was closing her front door she leaned against the frame and looked back, watching Joe’s big BMW pull away. She smiled to herself and rubbed her hand over her sore labia. “That was fun,” she thought. “I feel alive finally.”
She turned and walked down the short hallway to her living room. Stopping at the entrance she looked around at her small apartment. She kept it neat and there were some nice touches to make it look homey and inviting, but she shook her head. Compared to the opulence she had just been treated to, it was a shack and she knew it. No amount of pretty scarves draped over old lamps or cheaply found ‘objets-d’-art' would change it.
She dropped her bag on an old stuffed chair and walked into her tiny kitchen. A minute later she had a tall glass of ice and the bottle of vodka that she kept in her freezer. She walked back out to the living room and flopped down on her huge over-sized couch. She poured a good three or four fingers of the icy vodka into her glass and then sat staring at the clear viscous liquid. The juniper smell of it tickled her nose and she took a long pull, reminding her of many times in her past.  
She shivered slightly as she wiped her hand across her mouth and hit herself in the head, like someone would that had just made a bad bet. “I'm alive.  I have it all.  I have Joe all to myself.  Then why do I miss it ,” she screamed.  After a few seconds she lay back putting her feet up, and tucked a soft old afghan between her knees. She sighed. She was tired. She and Joe had only slept about an hour. She basked once more in the pleasant memories of last night, but her mind was racing with all the possibilities. She started to cry a little. She thought of  her childhood.  She thought of Michelle. “Who has always been there for me and who always taught me everything? Michelle. That’s who!”  Sherine told herself over and over, the sweetish liquor already impacting her tired soul. “She didn't do anything that I am not doing now.”    She began to cry a bit more but she continued  thinking about her childhood and how she could cheer herself up by letting the good side take over. “Yes,” she thought, “I will call Michelle and invite her to my new apartment and tell her all about my Joe. I have to tell her about how I got this apartment by hustling the bikers too! She would be proud of me.” she continued to tell herself as she almost cried herself to sleep.
Instantly Sherine sat up and looked at herself in the reflection from a framed photograph and thought, “I´m hot and I can have any man I want … and I want Joe! I will get him and keep him. I will have a great life!  I will throw out the old life I will have his love and his check book. I will be his wife. Yes, I will even have his child and be the perfect wife.  I want to love him and I will.” She looked over to see a half full glass and drained it and then got up and poured herself another one, just covering the melting ice. Lying back down, she drew the afghan up around her neck and thought, “I can and must do what is right, although, I must always be in charge though! I’ve learned that lesson.”  She popped back up and threw the afghan on the floor. Chugging the vodka again, she firmly slammed the empty glass on her coffee table and shouted to no one, “No more sharing.  I have one of my own, finally!”
She shook her head in amazement at how tipsy she was already. “Man, that shit does the job!’ Reaching for the clear bottle again she held it up to the light to see that there was just over half a bottle left. “Whew! I guess a few hours of ‘playing games’ makes a  girl thirsty.” She smiled. “He was fun though. I was surprised. It was fun; the whole night was fun-fun-fun!  I’m finally alive.” 
 The next morning Sherine woke with the phone ringing. She rolled over slowly and her arm flopped against something hard and cold, making her eyes snap open, “Where am I?” she thought as a disgusted realization came over her. “Damn, I´m on the floor of the bathroom. I must have ... ” She pulled herself to a sitting position. “Wow  ... that vodka bottle is dry … wow. I really tied one on last night. I guess I had a good celebration of my new life.  
The phone started ringing again and she pulled herself up. She grinned at her ramshackle hair. She ran some water and rubbed her swollen face. “Who is that calling me?” she thought after she cleared her head some. “Oh shit, it’s the shop. I´m late!” 
“Sherine, even though you are late this morning, I have to tell you that you did a great job delivering the suite to Attorney Gerrard. He called and ordered two more suits just like the first, but in different colors and, he requested that you deliver them. But, please, do be on time from now on. OK?”  
“Oh yes Mr. Wilson, I´ll be here on time. I got carried away last night arranging my new apartment and fell asleep without setting my alarm. “
Within the hour Sherine entered the shop carrying flowers.  
“I brought some flowers; I thought they might brighten up the shop a little.”  
“Why they are beautiful Sherine, thank you.” He put them by the register. 
Later that afternoon Mr. Wilson brought out the suits and gave them to Sherine. She left the store immediately and drove in her sweltering little car to deliver them. On the way there she broke down and called Michelle. “Michelle, it´s Sherine, I just called to tell you I miss you! …  No, I have not seen Dirt Bag … Yes, I want to see you … Yes. I live near that pool hall where the other club hangs out, but ... No I do not want to meet you there tonight. I had a little problem there the other night. I’ll tell you all about it when I see you, OK? … No, forget the pool hall for now. Come to my new apt, but it will have to be after work. I´ll call you again later. Right now I'm delivering suites to Attorney Gerrard … Yes, the attorney that was on TV last year for that murder at city hall. And Michelle, you’re not going to believe this, but I made love to him on his yacht.  Yes, I did.  I finally did it and I loved it.  See I can be normal! … No, no, it's not BS, I am seeing him, we went out on a date last and he took me to Sunset Waterfront Grill out at the marina … yeah, Michelle, I remember. Mom used to call all nice restaurants ‘swanky’, and it sure was that! Anyway, it was incredible Michelle, and I bet he ordered these suits to get me to come to his office and do it again with him.   And if he didn´t, I don´t care. I’m going to give him the best he has ever had … Thanks for all you taught me, big sister. I am the queen now and I have pawns all over that will bow when I tell them to.  There is a long pause... Michelle asks,  “do you know what you did?”   “I know… I did it.  I let someone else touch me without crying or going into my world.  I am excited.  I showed some loving emotion”   “Yes, that is fantastic.  It is good thing. You know it has been years”  Then thinking to herself she thought, “Why am I always somewhere thinking about somewhere else.  Why do I dream of the future and think of the past.  Why can't I live for the moment?  And why do I cry?”
Michelle hung up and Sherine had that familiar feeling of despair and loneliness again and wanted to hurt herself to feel the pain of life.   She went into a deep instant depression for a few seconds and started biting her arm, even as she drove. Within seconds she could see bite marks on her arm so deep the they were bleeding. She looked up into the rear-view mirror and saw that she had blood on her lips and even her pretty white teeth had a crimson sheen. She saw too where some of the blood had already dripped onto her blouse and onto her pants.      
“Why do I do that!?” she asked herself. She shuddered and sobbed, “and how can I do it without realizing it? God!” she ran her tongue over her teeth and lips as she opened the center console of her car looking for a tissue. “why does it excite me to see the blood?” She pounded a tiny fist on her steering wheel, “You’re a freak Sherine!” she yelled out-loud. She found her tissues and mustered some spittle in her dry mouth. 
She had learned long ago that a person’s personal saliva was the best thing to remove their own blood stains. This wasn’t her first time cleaning up after herself. She wetted it and began dabbing furiously at the already clotted blood. Luckily, there were only two small drops. “almost like it is all sensation, the pain is pleasurable.” 
Within twenty minutes she was all cleaned up and she found herself in the elevator to Joe’s office.  Sherine looked at herself in the mirrored walls as the elevator as she silently sped upward. She had slipped on a light sweater that she always carried with her because she was always cold in air conditioning. She tucked a curl behind an ear, thinking it was her left but knowing it was her right. Mirrors always did that to her. The door opened and she stepped out into his office. The receptionist saw the large bag with the suites and smiled, “Ah, back again, huh? Attorney Gerrard is expecting you. Please, go right in.”  
As she knocked on Joe's door she realized that she was truly looking forward to seeing him again and how weird that was for her! Until she met Joe she only wanted to avoid all men, to avoid the pain they give! His door swung open immediately and there he was, his smile bracketing his handsome face. She actually blushed.
He reached out and took her by the arm, pulling her into him and closing the door at the same time. He put a finger to his lips and winked down at Sherine, “Sh-h,” he reopened the door a second “Hold my calls please Terri.”
When they entered his office, Sherine gently but firmly pulled her arm back. She headed to the bathroom where she could clean up her arm. When she returned, they both stared at each other for an eternal few seconds; two very happy individuals. Sherine purred huskily, “I’ve got a present for you Joe.”  
Joe cocked his head quizzically, “Oh yeah? What is it?” 
“Well actually it is really a lack of a present.” He looked at her wondering what she was talking about. “I left my panties in the car; doesn't that officially mean I have a present that is less than it was a few minutes ago?”  
Joe laughed but she had his attention, “I guess it does!”  
“So my present is me,” she said. She pulled up her skirt exposing the smooth tautness of her skin. He looked from there up to her light pink lips on her smiling face and had a moment of self-congratulatory bliss.
“My God!” he thought, “What have I done to deserve this? I’ve found heaven on earth with this girl.” 
Sherine stared into Joe's eyes as she slid her hands slowly around his waist and grabbed his ass pulling herself towards him. She bit his ear and whispered, “you want it, you got to earn, big boy.” She spun them around so she was now leaning back onto his desk and she pushed all the papers off. 
She wrapped her legs around him again using her heels as a spur, “love me,” she whispered hoarsely to him. 
Twenty minutes later Joe pulled up his pants and zipped his zipper. His face was red and they were both laughing and wondering how the entire building couldn’t have helped hearing their thrashing. He leaned on his office desk panting and looked long and searchingly at Sherine. 
He stroked her eyebrows and the side of her nose gently and she took his big hand in both of hers and kissed it over and over again. Then he shook his head. “I hate to say it Baby but, as great as that was, you gotta get out of here! I have work to do and the Mayor will be here any minute!” He shook his head again and said. “Wow Sherine, that was something!” He pinched her lightly on her wet thigh. “Hurry up now before I forget myself and cancel all my appointments! I’ll drop some Viagra and just fuck you all day instead and then we won’t have any money for all the fun I have planned for you!” 
She laughed, “O-o-o, don’t tease me like that! I bet you don't even have any”
“Oh My God,” he thought, “she is so sexy, oh my god my god!” He reached into his pocket and pulled out a half-eaten blue tab and said, “see, I was prepared like a good lawyer should be.” 
“Oh Joe,” she says, “on the Yacht you were great too.” She smiled and put her arms around his neck with her head on his chest. “I am leaving now Joe, knowing that I was blessed by the gods the day I met you. I don’t know what’s come over me Joe; I’m not usually like this. I’m afraid you’ll think badly of me!”
“Sherine, I couldn’t think badly of you. I’m not sure what it is either but I love it! I want to see you again Sherine, right away, like tonight!”
They made arrangements for the next night as Sherine told him she was sorry but she had already made plans. As the door was closing on her, Sherine looked in at Joe and blew him a soft kiss, “dream of me Joey,” and then she let the door click shut behind her. Joe was left smelling her perfume and their sex.  
He slumped down in his big desk chair and stared out the window, “What just happened? She is the sweetest and sexiest thing anyone could ever imagine. She blows in here like a storm, drops her “holier than though image”, fucks me like a rabbit and then leaves as fast as she came. And then she tells me to dream of her. Damn I won't be worth a nickle when the Mayor comes in.” He grinned to himself as he popped up and headed to his private bath to clean up. 
On the way back home from the shop at the end of the day, Sherine called Michelle again. “Oh my god, Michelle, it’s been too long since I’ve seen you, I´ve missed you.”
“Oh me too Sherine,” Michelle immediately responded, “You can’t believe how much I have missed you.” She started to update Sherine on everything that has been happening including the fact that she and Spinner are not talking much now. 
“I hate to hear that,” said Sherine “but I have so much to tell you. I want to see you as soon as I can. When do you think you can you come and see my new apartment?” 
“Where is it?”
Sherine gave her directions and they agreed that Michelle would be there at seven-thirty with a bottle of Vodka.  
Before they hung up Michelle said, “I need to talk to someone about Spinner. I am so depressed, Sherine. I´m really not sure what to do. Spinner thinks he can bring any biker babe home with him and that I will join him. Not that I mind when they are good looking, but most of the time they are dogs. Their tattoo-to-tooth ratio is high....  the more tattoos, the less teeth! I´m tired of it all. He has no idea!”  
Sherine told Michelle to come over and that they’d get wasted and work it all out. “You can tell me all about Spinner and I’ll tell you all about Joe!”
“Ah god that sounds great!” 
At eight-fifteen Sherine answered the knock at her door. She sucked in a shocked breath when she saw her sister. Michelle was standing there with her left eye blackened and a deep cut over a mangled brow. She was trying to smile while holding back tears. “Sherine, I love him, he was my life. What’s wrong with me?” She broke down and started blubbering as Sherine pulled her inside and sat her down on the couch. “I did everything he wanted me to. I did threesomes, foursomes … I lived in trash, collected his beer cans, picked up women for him …” She crumpled on the couch and drew her knees up into her heaving chest.
“I know Michelle, remember, I lived there too and I did a lot too. Come on Michelle, all men are dogs, you know that. Come on, it’s our time once again. Let’s knock down some frozen Vodka and chase it with a few beers …Throw the bottle in the freezer, will ya? Forget that fucker. Hey, ya got any coke?” Michelle asked like it hadn’t been on her mind all afternoon.
“Of course,” Sherine said.  Michelle sat up and wiped her eyes. Black mascara bled into her bruises. 
“Here, give me your purse and take a shot while I look for your stash … where’s your coke bullet?.... Vodka?  “It's not frozen yet.”  “Get it anyway.”
Michelle grabbed the purse as she handed the clear bottle to Sherine.  Sherine took a large swig and put the bottle in the freezer again while Michelle looked up with a triumphant shout, “Never mind, here it is, perfect.”
“I want a whole line.” Michelle said as she sniffed. She got up and grabbed her purse, searching for some tissues so she could clear her nose and ready it for the white assault.
“Me too. It´s time to party, I have my sister back … and screw  those guys!”
A couple hours later, both girls were slurring their words and feeling no pain.  “Hey Michelle what do you think about Joe? Is he good for me?”
“So who is this Joe guy?”  You haven´t told me anything yet.”
“Oh my God” She giggled. “I just sealed the deal in his office and he does not even know we had a deal to seal and I almost feel bad, almost. 
 “Why,”  Michelle asks.  
“Because I am, you know, in the past when I am in the present and I am in the future when I am in the present.  I am not sure where I am most of the time.  Well, that is not totally true.  I let him touch me as a lover.  I guess that is why I feel weird.  I liked it and he only wants me and I only want him.”  
“You are nuts.  We all know that.  Now let's get this party going, sis.”.  
“I am good,” Sherine said and raised her hand for a sloppy high five. 
“Yes you are, you were taught by the best.”
“Who?” Sherine asked as she cut two more lines of fresh powder. Michelle laughed as she lost her balance and slid off the side of the kitchen table almost landing on the floor.  
“Mom,” Michelle blurted out as she steadied herself. 
Sherine looked startled and then let out a loud laugh as she watched Michelle struggle to regain her composure. Then, she realized what Michelle had said. Sherine got a disgusted look on her face and said bitterly, “Yea, taught by the best of ‘em! Poor Joe.”
“Ok,” Michelle managed to say because she was laughing and so drunk she could barely talk anyway. “Tell me who the fuck is this ‘Joe’ anyway?”  
“He´s a famous attorney I’ll have you know. He’s rich, loves to be with me and that’s all I know, except that he dresses great, oh, and he has a yacht to die for.” She leaned over the table and snorted a fat line of coke with a rolled up dollar bill. “And I have him wrapped all around my little finger.” She held up a hand in Michelle’s face. “See? Look here, see him? There he is all wrapped all around it.” Sherine smiled and laughed.  
“Sherine it is so nice to see you smiling and happy.” 
“Yes, it is nice.  I feel alive and tingly.”
They both looked at each other and burst out laughing. Michelle almost yelled, “Yup, he sounds great, but only if he does not find out the truth about you.” Michelle said with a grin. 
“What truth?”    
“Well you know Sher; you are not exactly a Phd scientist.”
“Oh, whatever;  so I have a slight challenge mentally at times.  That shit is over. I’m a new woman now. I´m only going to be with him. And don’t call me ‘Sher”! You know I hate that!  And I am over the past now.  I will only love Joe.”   
“Whatever you say.” Michelle smirked with a slight giggle. .  
“Hey Michelle,” Sherine started to say as she stood up reaching for the freezer. Opening the freezer she reached for the bottle of Vodka but misjudged it and knocked it over. The bottle spun over and out of the freezer going across the floor spilling all over but it didn’t break. 
“Good thing it’s almost empty,” Michelle said with a laugh as she teetered to pick it up. 
“Yea,” Sherine says as she attempted to stand again, “that’s me, a new woman,”
Michelle snorted a derisive laugh. It came out a little louder than she meant ... shades of her big-mouthed mom. They both laughed though. “Well bitch,’ Sherine said as she pulled Michelle back out into the living room. “Do you see any nasty bikers here? Do you see beer cans all over?”  
“No, Sherine, you are right. I only see a few cans and one spilled bottle. That’s nothing and we have not seen the good stuff yet.” 
“Ok-ok, Michelle,” she said as she reached under the corner of the cushion on the couch and pulled out a small pill bottle with a few Xanax in it. “I know what you want!” She tossed the bottle to her sister who surprised both of them when she actually caught it.
Michelle smiled, opened the container and tapped two robin egg colored pills out into her palm. She clutched them in her fist as she looked for something to take them with, then shrugged and popped them both in her mouth and swallowed hard. She leaned back against the door frame and said happily, “Now I am fucked up or I sure as fuck will be in a few minutes,” 
Sherine stood and steadied herself with the help of the TV. “Hey Michelle, you had better spend the night. You can´t drive and besides I would love to have your company tonight,”
 She grinned and said, “I´ve really missed you Sherine.” 
Early the next morning the phone rang. “Damn that phone, who would be calling at this hour. What area code is six-nineteen?
“Not sure,” Sherine mumbled as she grabbed the phone. “Hello? … ” She cupped the mouthpiece and gave Michelle a stunned look. She removed her hand and said, “Mom, what do you want? … You´ll be in Orlando? … When? … Next week with your new man? … Ok, ok, your husband Paul … Yes I know where Michelle is, she is right here.”
Michelle was grabbing Sherine’s arm asking loudly. “What does she want … what did she say?”   
“Hold on Michelle, stop grabbing, stop it!” She turned away from Michelle and stuck a finger in her other ear to hear better. Michelle calmed down and waited. Sherine clicked the end button on her cell and sat there staring; a look of disbelief saying it all. She threw the phone down on the couch and looked at the waiting Michelle, “Mom is coming to Orlando next week with her new husband, Paul.”
Michelle jerked up straight, “What kind of BS is that? Her new husband? What a joke!” She stared hard at Sherine for a second then stopped to think. Then she asked, “Wait a minute, you want to see her don’t you? Do you? Do you want to see her?” 
“Well, yes, why not?” responded Sherine haughtily. “Remember, I’m a changed woman now.  I promise I will not let my sad side go crazy.  I will control myself, I promise.”
“Why didn’t you let me talk to her? I would have told her to go to hell! But no, you say, ‘Hi Mom’, like she’s your long lost friend. ‘It’s Sherine. Oh sure Mom, I would love to do this and do that.’ You have not forgotten have you? A killer living with us for years.... And the money... we lived like we did as he took away any hopes we had to do better. ”  
“No, how could I forget?  He was good to me sometimes.”  “Yea like a cat playing with a mouse.” Sherine got quiet and looked to the floor before saying,   “Do you think he will come back and kill us?”  
Not saying anything Michelle smiled and grabbed Sherine’s hand. “But you and I are good right? You and I are together again then, right?”   
“Yes!”   
“Great,” a relieved Michelle said as she slumped down on the couch.    
In Sherine’s mind her sad side was telling her that her mom was also the devil and that she will cause trouble. But her happy side told her that it is her mom and no matter what she did she should love her.  Sherine could feel her autonomic nervous system shift into high gear terrorizing her stomach and weakening her legs.  Her body was on fire. Her hands were sweating and her teeth were grinding. “Relax Sherine,” she told herself.  
Michelle grabbed Sherine and looked at her in the eyes and blurted out, “Sherine, relax, take a deep breath.  Come on, stop it before you destroy what you have accomplished this week.  Remember you can get through this.”
Staring deeply into Michelle’s eyes Sherine blurts out, “Can you believe that garbage? Coming here after all the BS of the past just like that.” 
Hey Sherine,” Michelle said as she dug through her purse with eyes barely open from all the drugs and alcohol from the last night, “here take a Xanax.  Have you ever taken one?”  
“You idiot, you ate some of mine last night.”
“Oh yea, I forgot.” She practically tittered.
“How about an Oxycodone?”   
“Yes, if you remember that is what you made me take at the bike rally where you sold me like a slave.
“Oh yea, I forgot again. They are great though, aren’t they?”
“Haven’t had very many.”
“Oh no? Well, ya knock down a few beers, chew a couple of these and your world will rock. Here, try one of these; go on, expand your horizons again, but this time in the privacy of your own home.”  Sherine looked at Michelle and gave her a quick punch in the shoulder and asked if there were any bikers hiding in the apartment somewhere.   They both giggled as Michelle told Sherine that it is as good as coke, but easier to get.”  
They both took a half a mg of Xanax, slammed two more shots of tequila that Sherine had been holding back. They walked back to bed.
Michelle looked at Sherine, “I love a good buzz first thing in the morning. It brightens up the day.” 


Chapter 23
  
“Dr. Campbell you have no idea how much I appreciate you coming to Port-Au-Price with me,” Dr. Pierre told Campbell. “I would be totally crazy by myself. I must admit, am extremely scared, confused and worried. I just know that my family is under a building somewhere. The town is in such ruins that I don’t recognize anything or anywhere.” 
Campbell nodded and told Pierre, “They told us that the US military is here.”
“Who told us?”   
“The radio; yesterday. The US doesn’t appear to care too much about this lost country. I do not see any U.S. troops anywhere. I think the news is being paid off by the U.S. Government because if you remember when we did have a radio signal it said the U.S. Military was here taking care of things. I do not see any. Hey look, it’s a fuck’n miracle. Look, there is a British soldier,” Campbell remarked.  
Pierre looked up and pushed Campbell aside and said with excitement, “I´ll ask him how to get to my family’s house from here. Maybe he’ll know which roads have been cleared.” He dashed over to the jeep waving his arms. “Excuse me sir.”
Pierre tried to speak but immediately the soldier butted in and stopped him, “you should not be here, this is a restricted area. You must go back the way you came and come through the north side of the town. This area is off limits unless you have family here.”
“That’s it,” Pierre screamed directly into the soldiers face, “I have, or rather, I had family here! I don’t know what I have now. My family lived near here on France Street.”
“Ok,” the soldier tiredly answered, “that street is three blocks over, but you cannot get there this way. You must park the car and walk over that pile of rubble. And if you park, you probably will not see the car again. Do yourself a favor and go back on the North side near the airport, security is a little better there. These people are starving and have no medical care. And if you think you can just come in this area with your fancy car, park and pick up your family and leave, you are crazy.” 
Pierre started to argue but the soldier stopped him, “listen to what I am saying chap,” the soldier continued in his British accent, “every idiot in this area is watching you and the minute you are not on your guard they will fuck you up, rob you and possibly kill you. Do yourself a favor and just go home; or at least get out of this area. If you don’t you will regret it.”
Campbell pulled on Dr. Pierre’s arm and timidly said, “Maybe he is right. We can park the car in a more secured area and wait till the morning. Then we can walk this area and see if we can find your family.”
Pierre jerked his arm back, “you might be right if this were a normal situation, but if my family is under a building I do not have the time to waste. You take the car and I am going to walk this area until I find out something.”
“Ok,” Campbell said looking around nervously, “Look there is another military guy over there, let’s park it here next to that military cop. Maybe he will watch it even if this other asshole won’t.”
Campbell got into the car and moved it up a couple hundred feet just out of view of the first soldier. He got out and asked the cop if he would watch the car; “a couple hours at most.” The cop just smiled and held out his hand. Campbell understood immediately and slapped some American dollars into it.
The cop looked around furtively and crammed the money in his blouse pocket. He smiled and said, “I will be here for a few hours, go and do what you have to do, but remember, if you turn your back on the wrong person you may be dead in a second.” 
Campbell smiled at that and thought, “Yup, you just can’t trust anyone can you?” He continued his sick smile as he saw all the bodies piled high on the sidewalk. “Wow, a guy could have fun here,  find em'  abuse em', cut em' and pile em'.  Like a dream come true” he told himself. Looking and the bodies he nearly tripped as he stumbled over the debris walking back to Pierre.  He looked at Peirre and mumbled, “ a guy could get hurt here,  I nearly tripped back there.”
Pierre ignored him, “Campbell, I’m going to need more than a couple hours I think! Look at this city, it’s in total ruins. I cannot find my family in a few minutes. Come on Campbell we are burning daylight! Let’s get started!.”
Campbell paused, “Look, the guy said a couple hours. At least it’s a start. We can search and see what happens. Maybe we’ll get lucky. If not, maybe we can find someone else to watch the car. But we’ve got to be smart. What if you find your family and we come back and the car is stolen or destroyed, what then?” He continued, “Then how do we get back? … The answer is, we don´t. And then what? Come on Dr. Pierre, take a look around. Do you see anyone that would help us? We are in the land of the walking dead here. All these people are just ‘dead men walking’… no more! 
“Look at the sidewalks, or what’s left of them. It´s nothing but piles of dead bodies. What good will you be to your family if you are dead?”  Campbell was thinking, “And what good will you be to me if you live and the car is destroyed, how will I get back?” 
“We cannot just leave the car here without being sure it is being watched. I told soldier boy over there we would only be a couple hours and I had to promise him another fifty dollars if everything is alright when we return.” 
Pierre looked at Campbell like he just wanted to kill someone and said, “No Campbell, two hours is just not enough time. We better do as the guy says and come in from the north. I can even see lights over there so that’s a plus. We’ll see if we can get back to this area fast. No BS though, my family is there, somewhere under the rubble maybe and I do not have a minute to waste.”
Campbell shrugged and was already half-way to the car when he looked back to see Pierre staring trance-like over all the devastation. “Ok Pierre, let’s go!” he shouted. 
Pierre jumped out of his stupor and got moving, “Turn that fuck’n car around; if you can, without running over any bodies.” Campbell did and Pierre quickly ran up to the driver’s door.
“Move over, I know this town. I will drive.”
Campbell slid over into the passenger seat and Pierre quickly got in. “The officer said to go about three kilometers and turn left whenever possible. 
Minutes later. “There! There it is! Turn there!” Campbell pointed to a narrow lane strewn with rubble and Pierre slowed and entered what looked like the road to hell. “I don’t think this one is paved with good intent,” he thought to himself as he navigated around some concrete blocks.
“Ok we need to go another two kilometers and then go left again. After a few minutes he slammed on the brakes and cursed, “Damn, the road is blocked; there is no way we can go past that mound of concrete!” He slammed his fist against the steering wheel in frustration.
“Turn around! I saw an alleyway a short distance back.  Moments later,  “That’s it, turn here.” They had only just entered the alley when Campbell grabbed Pierre’s arm, “What’s going on up there?” It was a large crowd and they were coming this way.
“That doesn´t look good,” Campbell yelped. “They have machetes, bats and rocks. They are coming at us! Turn around! Turn around fast!” Campbell was screaming more frantically now as the first rocks began pelting the car.
“I can´t!” Dr. Pierre yelled back.  
“Do it, do it  now!” 
“Those bodies are in the way.” 
“Screw them! Go over them, now, now, now! It is either us or those dead bodies.” A bottle of some type hit the hood and careened up the windshield.
Campbell fought for the steering wheel and managed to turn it a couple times. He furiously kicked Pierre’s leg out of the way and slammed his own foot on the gas pedal. The car lurched forward and bounced over some rubble before slamming into the side of a concrete retaining wall. The first attackers were at the door and he could see the blood lust in their yellow eyes. He’d never seen anything like it.
Then suddenly they were on them, crawling on top of the little car. Campbell threw the car in reverse and stomped on the gas again. Bodies bounced and the car rocked up and down running over whatever was in the way. The pitiful screaming pierced the cabin through the as yet unbroken windows but Campbell didn’t stop. He careened backwards back down the narrow alley running over anything in his frightful mad dash. He thumped over several dead bodies. The two frightened men held on for dear life even as their heads banged into the head liner of the little car. The hideous sweet stench, as bloated bodies burst, was immediate and vomitous. 
They lurched out into the road again and Campbell slammed the car into drive, tires squealing. “Go, go, go!” he screamed as he slapped Dr. Pierre to attention. Rocks and bottles pelted them as they watched the crowd recede in the rear window.
A few seconds later, Both men were panting in relief. An ashen faced Pierre looked at Campbell and wheezed, “Thanks Campbell, you were right. It was the corpses or us.”  
“I know man, I have some experience with the dead. “ Pierre looked at Campbell for a split second wondering what that statement meant,  then in a second he looked all around to be sure they were safe.  Because of the moment he did not ask what Campbell meant.  He just wondered to himself as woke to the moment again.   
Dr. Pierre smiled and, a bit more calmly now, said, “Let’s try another road, but this time I will be ready to react quickly. I don´t want to die here do you?”  
“Hell no!” Campbell said quickly and continued, “If we don’t watch everything we do here, we will die here. And I can guarantee that! It’s a promise,” He slapped him on the shoulder, “That was way too close.  Iam not sure about you, but I will get out of here alive.”   Pierre responded, “I will pay more attention and I too will get out of here alive, and with my family.  I understand now,  I really do.”
Campbell’s mind was in hyper-drive, “You dumb fucking idiot. You do not understand anything.  You will die here, but not before I find the perfect place for you. Why do I continue to have these adventures? I am the lion and I am king and I am on the hunt!” The blood lust always calmed him.
He came back to reality when he realized Pierre was talking. “I do not recognize this area.” He was saying as he slowed the car and ducked to peer through the windshield for a better perspective.
Campbell, somewhat startled, instinctively looked back again but the coast was clear. “No more fucking zombies,” he thought with relief and then he looked at Pierre and asked “Does anything look familiar to you here?”    
“No, I do not recognize anything. It’s hard to say really … everything is so completely destroyed!” Pierre rolled down his window and stuck his head out for a better look. “Everything is in ruins and I really am not sure where we are. I’m pretty sure that is the church my family attends, but it is so destroyed. Fuck, I'm not sure. If it is, we are only a few block away. Look at the people just walking around; like the zombies!” He quickly rolled up his window. “At least these look under control! This is fuck’n crazy; sixty seconds and the whole city is destroyed.”
“Ok Pierre, what do you want to do?”  
“Let’s stop here, in the middle of the street where everyone can see us. Maybe someone will recognize me! That may be safer than on a back street too. We tried that before! See that guy over there, the one with the bat, yea, well, I'll ask him to watch the car.”
“No, I’ll ask,” Campbell said. He checked once more then quickly rolled down his window. “Hey buddy, speak English?” The wary man nodded. “OK, great, will you watch the car while we try to find my family’s house?”  
“No problem, I'll watch it,” he yelled back but kept his distance. It seemed like no one trusted anyone. “It’ll cost you two dollars American.” 
“Ok,” Campbell waved. “Here.” He stretched his arm and the money was gone in the customary flash. He turned to Pierre, “Let’s go before it gets too late.”  
After walking a few blocks Pierre stopped and looked at a house that is completely in ruins. He turned to Campbell and whispered, “This is it. My god, it’s totally leveled. My god, my god! I pray they were not in the house when it came down. What am I supposed to do? What can I do?” He was close to losing all control. “Look at all the people in the street walking around in circles. They look just like they are not conscious man” he yelled again.“Crying, demented zombies! They’re all screaming and waving their arms as if they lost all hope.” He staggered up into the shallow front yard. “Look, there are people everywhere, digging and looking for their friends and family ... probably looting too! Oh my god, this is hell and I am in the middle of it. I have to focus and ask if anyone has seen anyone from my family.” 
“Get that guy over there,” Campbell told Pierre, “Yea, the older guy, he would know everyone around here, yell for him. Come on Pierre, get your shit together! That may be safer than on a back street too.” 
Pierre yelled at an old guy just sitting and staring forlornly at nothing. The beaten man slowly looked up and for some reason gave a huge smile, “yes?” he asked.    
Pierre thought maybe he knew the old guy. “Sir, sir, this is my family’s house. Do you know if, well, do you know anything about them; where they are?” The man looked back at Pierre, the blank stare back on his face. He managed to point to the pile of rubble and shake his head.”  
“My god!” Pierre screamed out, “No-o, no, it can't be-e-e!” 
Campbell waited out Pierre’s grief then said, we need to see if we can crawl through the spaces and get more inside. Maybe there is someone still in there.” Pierre agreed and they got down and started through one of the many small openings that led into an area of what once may have been the living room. A couch and a large chair supported the roof now. The crawl space entrance was only big enough to allow one person to pass at a time, but when they made it deeper into the living room, it opened slightly and allowed Pierre and Campbell both to sit up. 
Campbell crawled in deeper and shoved a piece of concrete out of his way with his legs. This allowed them to see into what used to be a kitchen. A thick cloud of dust and ash filled the air. Pierre could see someone under the rubble. “That’s my brother, my god he was sitting at the table eating!” He started crawling towards the kitchen. “I need to get in farther. Campbell help me move this chunk of concrete and maybe then I can dig my way past that post and see if he’s alive or if I can see anyone else.”  
He tried to move the concrete but it wouldn’t budge. “Campbell! Come on, help me. I can’t … Hey! What are you doing …”
Campbell was a couple feet behind the crawling Pierre. He reached forward and grabbed Pierre’s feet and pulled hard and yanked them out from under him as Pierre was attempting to crawl ahead. Pierre landed on his chest and his chin bumped into a pipe causing him to wince. He yelled, “Hey, what the fuck! Let go! What are you doing?”  
Campbell looked  at him coldly in the eye and laughed, “Preparing for a new life asshole … allowing you to join your brother… Having fun?”  
“What are you … ?” His eyes widened as he saw the look on Campbell’s face. His twisted smile highlighted a demonic suggestion that Pierre realized too late that he’d always known was there. He looked frantically around for something to protect himself or for somewhere to go. There was no escape.
“Actually, I’m having fun … the time of my life. And, I’m preparing for a new life. I do doubt you’ll be seeing your brother any time soon.”  
“I don't understand, what are you … NO! Please no ...?” The lead pipe in Campbell’s hands tore through skin and bone alike as it crashed into the side of Pierre’s face. Everything was in slow motion for both men. For Pierre though, he could almost hear a sucking sound as the pipe was pulled back from his torn cheek taking skin, blood and bits of bone with it. “What are you … ” 
Campbell raised the pipe again. “I told you, I'm having fun and preparing for a new life - a new life as Dr. Pierre.” He struck again, “I do so like the sound of that. You said you wanted to join your family? I’m glad I could be of assistance. It is my sincerest pleasure, Dr. Pierre.” Campbell was still talking to him conversationally as he swung the heavy old lead pipe and smashed him again on the head, this time catching him a couple inches behind his ear. Campbell liked the sound. He held the pipe against the wound trying to feel more of the damage somehow, like maybe it would resonate up the pipe and through his arms into his body. “Oh, did that hurt? Sorry about the pain, but you know; when you improvise ... sometimes the small details are left out. You know ... ” He swung the pipe again. “Like … ” and again, “your …” and once more; “pain? 
Campbell kept slamming the pipe into Pierre’s head, over and over again until it was nothing but an unrecognizable pulpy mess. He sat back panting hard, letting the pipe fall from his hand. “Oh, did I forget to mention that you were not going to return to Santo Domingo? Sorry about that.” He looked over and studied the gory remains. “But I do so love the sound of crushing skulls … so lush, ripe! What do you think Pierre, as a acclaimed psychiatrist would agree this is not normal or is it normal?  I suppose it is normal for a few.” He laughed, “Well buddy, it is for me and that’s too bad for you I guess.” He paused and inspected his hands. Blood splatter ran up and down his hands and coat sleeves. He looked down at his jacket front and it too had blood and bits of hair and bone on it. He wiped his face and smiled, looking at his bloody hand.
He struggled out of his jacket and wiped down his face, hands and hair with it and threw it over Pierre’s bubbling head. “Well, Dr. Pierre, you don’t seem to be listening any more. I do hate to run, but I have to get the car and clean up a couple details before I return to Santo Domingo myself. Oh, by the way,” he was saying as he reached into Pierre’s pocket. “You don't need your passport now do you? And you do not need your wallet, credit cards … ah, family photos, that’s a nice touch, license ... very cool. Very cool.” 
A few minutes later Campbell crawled back out to where they had started. Before emerging from the rubble, he scooped up a couple handfuls of dust and rubbed it over his face, hair, and neck to camouflage any tell-tale signs of blood. He peered out into the encroaching darkness and then crawled on out and stood up. As he dusted off his knees he looked back at the cavity under the house and smiled with satisfaction.
When he walked back to the car, the old man was still watching it. Campbell gave a little spurious bow and said, “Merci beau coup sir, it was very kind of you to watch the car. How much did you say I owe you?”  
The man smiled and said “C’est mon plaisir monsieur. It would be one hundred pesos or two American dollars”
“Perfect, here is five dollars; do keep the change, you did great.” 
“Merci monsieur. But sir, where is your friend?”
“My friend? Oh, he decided to stay with his family. He was dying to see them.” Campbell got in the car and laughed. He looked in the rear view mirror as he pulled away. “Nothing to see here folks,” he said to himself. Looking down at his hands, he noticed the dried blood under his fingernails and sighed like a sated cat. 
The twisting debris filled streets required all his attention now but he reminded himself that he needed to remember he was now Dr. Pierre. Dr. Pierre, the esteemed doctor from New York years ago … and more recently, from that steaming city Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic!. “Yup I've got some work to do. Guess I had better get going!”  
He pulled up to a corner where a young couple was standing. Rolling down his window he asked, “Excuse me please, is there a bus station here where I can get a ride to Santo Domingo?”   
“Yes sir, not anywhere near here because of the destruction, but at the next town. They go a couple times a day,” and he pointed the way.  
“Very good, thanks.”
“H-m-m; where to leave the car. I guess I'll leave it two towns over, pull the plate and get a cab to the bus station.” Every bus was full for two long days, but finally the new Dr. Pierre was on a rickety bus heading back to Santo Domingo. He settled back in the crush of so many people trying to flee the destruction. He’d been lucky to even get on. Money talks. 
He closed his eyes, but his warped mind worked, “Ah all in a day’s work. I do enjoy the sound of breaking bones. I am working too hard though. I need some rest. It’s so much work to steal someone’s identity these days. I guess that most doctors would call me a sociopath just because I love to feel the excitement of killing. But since I am a doctor and this is my second time being a doctor I would call it research.” He laughed so hard tears came to his eyes. “Yeah, research is exactly what it is. Continuing education at the very least”


Chapter 24

“Come on Michelle, please answer the phone.” Sherine thought as she paced and pulled on her lip. “Ah, there you are; jeesh, what took you so long? Oh never mind, Michelle, hey Michelle, did Mom call you?”  
“No! And if she did I would hang up on her.” 
“Come on Michelle, Mom’s different now. She has Paul and she says he's good for her. He is rich; or at least that’s what she says and he gives her plenty of attention. She says that she is happy and hardly ever thinks of the devil and before you scream at me, I need to try to be normal. Ya know,  a mom that I like”.  “Sherine, that is crazy, but we all know you are nuts, so ok”.  Michelle waits for a response and hears nothing.  “Sherine are you there?” 
At that moment she  thought of her mom, the look the devil gave her as he left and how she had told him to be careful and that she would miss him.  The mix of all the thoughts overloaded her brain.   Sherine lost her train of thought. She looked deeply into her mirror; her blank stare a clear indication she was somewhere else, many miles away. She drifted farther away and got that familiar feeling of deep hatred for her mother. He loved me and she drove him crazy too.  Maybe he threatened to kill us all because she made him crazy.  He taught me to play pool.  Quickly her nice side took over and she thought maybe it would be good if her mother did come.   Her mother loved him too.  She would not do anything bad.  She was her mother.  “Maybe I could get to know her again and see if she could leave the past in the past.”  Joe popped into her mind and she went into another dream,  “ah I have all the love I need now.” 
 Michelle was screaming in the phone loud enough for Sherine to finally hear her, “Sherine, Sherine, do you hear me? Sherine! What the hell are you doing?” Sherine jumped and immediately slipped back into reality.  She stared at herself in the mirror again, surprised at the new bite mark and blood on her arm. Still dazed somewhat, she grabbed some Kleenex from the end table. She wiped off the blood and looked again at her arm and shrugged, “H-m-m, not too bad this time,” She thought. “It’s healthy to feed my addiction to pain. I am only nourishing what keeps me alive.” It was at that moment she realized that Michelle was the one screaming her name and that she did not hear it in her subconscious.  
Startled and still hearing Michelle screaming over the phone, Sherine looked once more at the mark and then back at the chattering phone and thought to herself “I will never quit will I?”  
She could still hear Michelle yelling through the receiver. She . ignored the yelling and dropped the handset beneath a pillow on the couch. She walked out of the room and into the kitchen. She opened the refrigerator and stared into the emptiness. “What am I doing here? Why did I come in the kitchen?” 
She closed the door and stood up looking around. “Where did I put the Xanax? That is what I need.” She rummaged through a drawer and then a cookie jar caught her eye. “Oh yes,” she thought. “Come to mama!” She opened the jar and reached in, finding her Xanax. Satisfied, she walked back out to the couch and picked up the pillow. It sort of amazed her. The phone was right where she had left it.  She stood there staring at it. She could hear Michelle yelling louder and louder. But she didn’t care, she was off in deep thought as she struggled to get a fingernail between the foil on the Xanax packet. A few minutes later Michelle’s screaming stopped.  
Sherine popped the tablet in her mouth and swallowed it dry. She picked up the phone and put it to her ear and listened for a moment. “Hey Michelle are you there?” Sherine asked, knowing Michelle had hung up.
“Hey Michelle,” she continued in her sing-song way, “are you all right?” Sherine sing-sang in the phone as if she was talking to Michelle, I ain't going to school no more, no more.  I ain't going to school no more.  Oh yes, Michelle those little pills … once chewed up and chased by a couple beers, … you were right, they will expand your horizons. They help take me to my happy place.”  
Sherine picked the pillow up once more and hugged it to her stomach. She rocked her body softly as she paced a bit. When she found herself in her bedroom she lay down on her bed and pulled the covers up around her, shivering. In no time she was fast asleep. 
She awoke with a start to a loud pounding on the door. It was three hours later. It was Michelle.  
“Open the door goddammit!” Michelle screamed out loud in the hallway. She continued to pound and kick on the door “Sherine! Open this fuck’n door. Come on Sherine, open the door.”
Sherine stumbled to the door, opened it and stood there staring at Michelle with a half-assed smile on her creased face. She stood back to let Michelle pass and giggled, “Wow, you were right, those pills will kick your ass! I was sleeping so hard! Like a rock! I was having these wildly silly dreams too. I dreamt that I was a queen and all my army had big strong shoulders and would do anything I wanted and I had them all do it all. Whew, you were … ”  
At that moment Michelle grabbed Sherine’s arm and started to shake her and scream at her, “What the hell is wrong with you? I know you could hear me screaming your name on the phone! Damn, Sherine did you bite yourself again? What is wrong with you? How could you get that fucked up? Come on for Christ’s sake,” Michelle demanded.   
Sherine waved her hands in the air in a “Hey, I give up!” gesture. She pushed her away gently and smiled slightly, “Relax big sister, I’m fine, I can handle anything. You know that. You sold me like a sex slave and I still love you. And Mom made everyone she was with crazy.   He loved us and now he wants to kill us.   She made him crazy too.  So screw you. I can handle it all.”   
Michelle just looked at her and shook her head.   “Sherine, you are nuts but I love you.”  She saw that Sherine was not angry and laughed “OK, Sherine, you can handle anything, OK. But you are getting too high, way too high these days and you are acting crazy way too often. You are still obsessed with Smitty aren’t you? He's history; can't you get that in your head. Get – over – it! That was a long time ago, a different life; you were a different person then.  He threatened to kill us, remember?  You are wrong, he never loved us.  He used us. He hunts us now.  Please wake up while you can have a normal life.  You are so nice to everyone, so pretty and so challenged.  Please wake up  for me, please.”  “Do you think he will come back with more presents?  Not likely.”
“Come on Sherine, you have to get the demons out of your head and you have to do it now before they kill you.  If anyone kills anyone it will be you killing yourself with one demon at a time.”
Sherine yawned and tried to do something with her disheveled hair. “Yeah; whatever Michelle. Coming from you it kinda makes me laugh. Hey, remember, I can make any man do whatever I want and besides, I love your little pink friends. Where ever do you get them?”
They were interrupted by the phone ringing again. It was Joe on the other end. “Hi Joe,” Sherine breathed, “No you are not interrupting anything, Michelle and I were just doing some tummy crunches … ” Sherine covered the mouthpiece and looked at Michelle with a wink and a big grin. She whispered, “He is so easy. I will have him in no time.  I already love him.”  Michele shook her head in wonderment thinking to herself, “she has love in her, locked away, for a very special person.   I know she does.  I just hope he arrives before she over-doses.  I hope it is Joe.  
Sherine listened into the phone a second and then shook her head, “No, no,” she teased. I will not over-do it. But a girl’s got to take care of herself, right? “
Sherine put her hand over the phone receiver and smiled at Michelle once more. Michelle half-smile back and wagged a naughty-girl finger at her, but shook her head a little sadly. Sherine removed her hand and began to speak in the phone again, “Yes Joe, I would love to see you tonight, any time is good for me. … Ok. Seven thirty Joe, that’s perfect. I'll be ready. I'll be wearing a special dress for you. I know you will like it, short and sexy.” A pause and then she laughed “right, and no panties. Of course;” and she winked at Michelle again. “Bye for now Joe, I can’t wait to see you.” 
Sherine stood holding the phone against her heart, rocking a little while she was starred at a spot on the wall, her face a fathomless mix of expression. Michelle touched her on her arm and she jumped. “See Sherine,” Michelle said, “forget the monster. Joe is coming over. You will have a great dinner, great sex and sleep like a baby. And, after he leaves we can sit and talk. We’ll have a few drinks and solve the world’s problems.”    
Sherine stared at her like she didn’t know how she had gotten there and then said “Oh … um I know,” She nodded, “And do you want to hear something stupid? Something that I never thought I would ever say?”  
Michelle looked at her worriedly. She tilted her head and leaned forward indicating she didn’t want to miss a word of this. “What ‘something stupid’ do you want to say? Of course I want to hear it!”
Sherine dropped her head demurely and said softly, “I actually like being with Joe and I hope he falls in love with me. How is that for saying something stupid? Pretty dumb, huh? And I will forgot about Mr. Devil.  You are right he never loved us.  He wanted to kill us.  He beat you and with mom, not sure; for sure one of them made the other nuts.”    
Michelle smiled hugely and wrapped her arms around her sister, “No it is not Sherine sweetie. Not dumb at all!” She pressed Sherine’s head to her shoulder and then hugged her fiercely. “See my sweet little baby sister, it can happen! We can be normal and have a normal life if we really want.”  
Sherine shuddered in Michelle’s arms but did not try to draw away. “It’s just ... you know, the devil .  We loved him and now he's out there somewhere and he wants to kill us…”   “Sherine, hello, it has been years and we are fine.  Please believe it, we are fine. It was a heated night and probably a few bad numbers, that is all.  What mom she heard on the phone may not have been what she thought it was.  Maybe he was talking about a friend's dead dog that needed to be removed and disposed of.”   Sherine began to shake and tried to speak when Michelle quickly interrupted Sherine. She held her at arm’s-length, one hand on her chin so she had her full attention. “So what! Remember you are tough! Remember, you can have any man you want and get them to do whatever you want them to do! So you do not have to worry about him, he is history! Come on Sherine. You always scare me lately. I don’t know where your head is most of the time.”   
Sherine stared back into Michelle’s eyes, but her look was somewhere else. She came out of it and turned and started nervously straightening things on the couch and end table that didn’t need straightening.  “You are right.  I can make him do what I want too, like any man.”  That thought put a smile on her face.  Her sing-song voice was back a bit, while she very quietly sang “I ain't going to school no more, no more,  I ain't going to school no more.”   Sherine looked up at Michelle and with a smile said,  “You are right Michelle, when I see the devil again I will settle this.”   
Michelle grabbed her and shook her, “Sherine! You will never see him again! Get it through your head, he is the past and he will always be the past.”  “I know, but when I do, I will get him to do what I want.”
Sherine looked startled and confused at this reaction from Michelle. She asked, “Why are you crying, come on it’s ok.”




Chapter 25

         It was seven-thirty sharp when Joe arrived. He did a little jig in front of the door, and then tapped on it in a cute little melody. Sherine spat her last sip of breath freshener in the little sink; an attempt to cover the smell of a couple quick shots of Jack Daniel’s Green Label, and walked out into her living room. “Ah-h, that Jack sure starts an evening off just right.” she mused to herself as she crammed last minute items into her ridiculously tiny purse. “Oh,” she continued, “where did I stash those Xanax? I better chew them to get the full buzz.” She popped a .5 mg Xanax in her mouth and chewed, then she washed it down with a small sip of the Jack Daniels. She thwacked herself in her forehead. “Damn, why did I do that? Now I need more mouth wash.” She ran for the bathroom and took another swig. She cupped her hand under the running water to dilute the strong smell of the mouthwash and spilled water all down the front of her blouse.
The material was so sheer that when wet it was easy to see her breast. She looked at herself in the mirror and shrugged, then grinned. With her middle finger she tickled her nipple. She shivered and it immediately responded. She smiled again and headed for the door at Joe’s second more fervent knock. Opening it slowly, she leaned her head into the opening. She swung the door open fully. She stood there with one hand high on the door and the other on the door frame. She cocked a pose and as the Xanax and Jack kicked in, she smiled up at Joe and asked, “Who’s that knocking at my door, is it my sweetie or the big bad wolf?”  
Sherine took a quick glance at Joe noticing the large shoulders, his  beautiful face and his “everything.”  Damn, she thought,  this one will not try to kill me.  At least not unless it is sex related; then who knows.  
Joe only focused on Sherine’s smiling face for a second before noticing her wet blouse and the pert arc of her breast. His eyes opened wider at the sight of the nipple standing proud, calling his name. “It’s taunting me!” he thought. Joe felt his abdomen tighten and his heart miss a beat. He had a million thoughts in a split second, “Who is this chick? … What am I thinking? … She is either totally nuts or I am totally nuts for getting involved with her …” He put his hands on his hips and shook his head. 
He took her by the hips and began to sing the lyrics from the Fine Young Cannibals song;
“She drives me crazy, 
Uh uh, 
Like no-one else, 
Uh uh, 
She drives me crazy, 
And I can't help myself,”
They laughed and she opened the door fully to let him in. He grabbed her and hugged her hard as he entered, and they both lost themselves for a moment in the honest embrace.
“OK,” he told himself, “this is different; but do I care? No because she is a true beauty; way beyond any other girl I have ever dated.” He hugged her harder, “I don’t care what or who she is, I know there is something deep there and I just want her and I am going to make her mine.”
He stepped back, Sherine was standing there in her wet blouse, a short tight mini skirt, and high heels. She almost blushed as she smiled. She pivoted for Joe to get a load of her outfit and asked him what he thought. 
“About what?” He asked as he smiled, her curiosity piqued.    
“Come on lets go to dinner.” 
As they were about to walk out Michelle walked out of the bed room after a long nap in a long-man's 'T' shirt wearing nothing under.  Slightly yawning and stretching a little she stopped and said “Oh, excuse me. Hi! You must be Joe.”  
After a quick but obvious scan of her from her feet to her head, “Yes I am, and you must be Michelle. Sherine has told me so much about you.” He made a little bow and held out his hand.  
Michelle turned to Sherine and winked, “Have pity on him Sherine, he’s only a baby.” 
Joe looked at Sherine and gave her a quizzical look. Sherine answered his look, “Yes Joe, this is my sister, Michelle. She is unpredictable and will say anything that comes to her little pea brain; whenever she wants. She is sweet though.”  
Joe looked back at Michelle, “So this is Michelle; the sister that you spoke of … you know … the ‘free spirited’ sister.”  
Sherine said, “Yup, this is she, the one and only Michelle; my older sister who has protected me all of my life, the sister that I share everything with.”  
Joe grinned and looked back and forth between them “Um, everything?”  
Their laughter broke the sexual tension surrounding them and a recovering Joe said, “Well, it is very nice to meet you Michelle. I hope we become very close friends.” 
Joe grinned at Michelle, then glanced at Sherine and shook his head. He took a deep breath. He could feel his abdomen go into spasm again and his heart began to race. He thought, “Unbelievable, every time I see this chick I have no control; what am I doing?”
Michelle looked seriously at Sherine as she and Joe began to walk out the door. She told her in a stern voice, “You are right, Sherine, he's perfect.” And to Joe, “Do you have a clone, Joe? … A twin brother maybe? I want one too!” and she winked at them both.  
Sherine turned and looked at Michelle and said harshly, the joke completely erased, “Michelle, you leave him alone! He's mine and you cannot have him, unless I say it is o.k., none of him.”  
Joe looked at Sherine with a confused glance and then turned to Michelle. He fumbled for words, “Hey now, you ... you ladies are unbelievable, two of the prettiest ladies in the world.”  
“Come on Joe, let’s go!” Sherine was having none of it.  
Michelle looked at Joe again. She smiled and said, “we have been known to be a very, very close family, Joe.” As she smiled at him, her cheek muscles raised but her lips never parted. Joe coughed.
“Joe, are you OK, honey?”  
“Oh yeah; just a slight spasm in my leg.” 
Later at the restaurant, Joe looked at Sherine and asked, “When we were leaving your apartment, what was your sister indicating or referring to or… ah ... was she trying to tell us something?”
Sherine felt her stomach clench and she said to Joe, “Oh Joe, she is so funny at times, she did not mean anything.”  
Joe smiled and thought, “I know what she meant and I will not sleep for months unless I get my head back to normal. These ladies are really messing with my mind.” 
Not for the first time did he say to himself, “there is something almost spooky about this lady.” He looked at her sitting across from him, “but spooky can be fun can’t it?” 
At dinner he looked into Sherine’s eyes as he casually picked up his menu. He said,, “Oh, I thought she was hinting about something.”  “Who.”  “Your sister.”
Sherine responded immediately and dismissively, “No, not her, if she wanted to say something she would just say it.”
“Ok, that’s not important anyway.” Joe said, feeling a little tension, he continued and said, “I would like to discuss something that is important to me.” He surprised her when he went on. “Sherine, I know it has only been a few weeks, but I was thinking that since we are both so busy, wouldn’t it make sense if we both lived together?”
At that moment the waiter came up and asked what they wanted to drink. Joe asked for a beer and Sherine told the waiter that she would wait a few minutes.
Joe smiled, “Sherine you are perfect for me. So sweet; so intelligent. You have not shown me any baggage. And my god you are so sexy. I have waited for a woman like you all these years, and now here you are. Sherine, to be honest with you I had been, well, not depressed, but,  well,  yes somewhat depressed and  I had been drinking a little more than normal lately, but since I met you and I know that you do not drink daily, I have slowed. You are so good for me, and well I have been so happy,” he continued to say. 
“I want to ask you to think about living with me, I mean … actually that is not what I mean. I want to wake up with you every day with you Sherine ... I mean. Well. Now … I am not sure what I want to say next … or ... I mean ... how to say it.  Sherine … I ... ah; God this is weird for me.  I … ah shit, I love you! Is that too abrupt, is that too fast? I mean. I don't want to scare you. But I want to ... to be with you ... I want to live with you and actually I want to marry you. There ... I said it ...  did I scare you? I hope not. God I hope not.”
“Joe,” Sherine said as she smiled and pressed his hands, “you did not scare me. You make me happy. Oh Joe, if you knew how I have longed for someone to want me like that. Oh, I love you too. So when will we?” 
“What Sherine? When will we what? Oh god, does this mean?”  
Sherine leaned over and kissed his knuckles, “Yes Joe, yes of course. When do we get married?”    
 “You will marry me? It’s true?”  
“Of course I will Joe. I have dreamed of us being married since the first time I saw you. I want you and I need you and I need you beside me … and inside me too! Every day, every night, everywhere!” Sherine took a moment and thought to herself, “I want to love him and I want to be happy, but can I do it, please god let me be able to do this. I promise I will do what is right, I promise.”   
As she focused on Joe he got up and came around the table and dropped to one knee. They kissed and held on to each other and Joe whispered in her ear, “Unbelievable,” he said and held her tight, speechless. 
After a moment the waiter came back with Joe’s beer. Joe held her at arm’s length and looked deeply into her eyes, “Fantastic! Now let’s celebrate! He looked up at the waiter and blurted, “We’re getting married!” The waiter and several tables all applauded.  Joe stood up still holding Sherine’s hands. He looked around embarrassedly and then back down at Sherine. “You will celebrate and have a couple drinks, won’t you Sherine? This is a special occasion you know?”
She stood up and wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed him fully. The whole dining room stood and gave a standing ovation. She laughed and said, “Yes, Joe I will! Whatever you want!”  
Joe says, “OK! That’s great! A few drinks will not hurt. This calls for 
Champagne I think!” He held the chair for Sherine to sit and told the 
waiter, “A bottle of your Louis Roederer Cristal Brut 2005 garçon!” 
His Cheshire smile filled his happy face.
They were both a little giddy. “I know, Joe, maybe I'll get a little crazy more often with you if that is what you want.” She leaned into him as he pulled his chair around to sit closer to her. “You did notice I don't have any panties on, didn't you?” 
“Yes, of course I did,” he said as he dropped his hand into her lap and laughed.  She smiled and said to herself, “never again will my love be denied, betrayed, or taken for granted.  He only loves me and I know I have it within me to be perfect for him and I will do it.”  Her sad side crept in and told her she was nuts and she was fooling the world.  
She was on veritable pins and needles and she scooted her chair a little closer to him. “Oh Joe, I think I could have an orgasm right here, right now! You make me so happy.”   
“Let’s skip dinner and go to the yacht with some take out.” Joe was suddenly in a hurry now.   
“No Joe, I want some champagne first.” 
“Ok baby doll; whatever your little heart desires. But please excuse me for a minute. Will you please order the drinks while I go to the restroom?”   
A few seconds after Joe left the table Sherine flagged the waiter over and ordered. “I will have two shots of Jack Daniels, one double Vodka and Tonic and one single Tanqueray and Tonic too. Please, can you get me the shots immediately? And then put the double Tanqueray here.” She pointed to her side of the table. 
The waiter gave her a conspiratorial grin, and said, “Absolutely ma’am, right away.” He almost jogged to the bar and was back at the table quickly. Sherine threw a ten for a tip on his tray and grabbed the shots, wishing she had  thrown a 50 and told him to ring the drinks separately.  She looked over towards the exit to the bathrooms and then she downed them both instantly with another Xanax. The waiter picked up the two empty shot glasses and was already at another table when a minute later Joe walked out and asked if she ordered yet. Sherine’s rosy cheeks betrayed her calm but she managed to tell him that she had and that the drinks should arrive in a just a few minutes.   
The drinks arrived with the champagne. Joe looked at her questioningly and she explained that Champagne made her dizzy. He told the sommelier that they would be taking the champagne with them and to please not open it. 
Joe and Sherine sat and looked across from each other; neither saying a word. They finished their drinks in just a couple minutes though and Joe called for the bill. He pulled out his credit card and Sherine, worried the extra drinks would still show up on the bill, told him that it would be quicker if she grabbed the card and paid while he got the car at valet. She told him that she wanted to get out of there as quickly as possible. He smiled and handed her the card.    
As she took it from his hand she asked Joe, “Did I mention to you that my mom may be coming to visit Michelle and me?” 
“Yes you did mention that but you did not tell me when.”  
“I'm not really exactly sure yet, but I think it could be soon. I really miss her. She was such a good mother to the both of us.”  
“That is so nice Sherine. You will get to see your mom and her new husband. And I will get to meet them both.” 
“Yes I'm excited,” Sherine said a little quietly. “It’s been a while. She will love you, Joe.”
Joe left to get the BMW and Sherine paid the bill. Twenty five minutes later they arrived at Joe’s ‘Always Wet’ yacht. Sherine giggled again to herself about the name. As they entered the yacht, she said, “Joe this is the happiest day of my life.”
“Mine too Sherine. Now I have it all; a beautiful bride, love and a perfect life. It will be so good Sherine; us, our future, we can have it all and we have no baggage, unlike so many of my friends. Those poor souls, most of them have terrible wives; no love and no future. It’s like they are robots just going through life on auto pilot. Not me!” Joe continued to say, “No sir! Not me. I have the best girl in the world, sexy, smart and kind ... ”  
“Hey Joe,” interrupted Sherine.
“What?” 
“Shut up and kiss me! I mean everywhere. Get my juices flowing Joe. Take those muscular arms and use those perfectly toned legs of yours and carry me into the cabin and put me in ecstasy. I'm yours from now on Joe. Take me baby, take me hard, and take me now, you are so hot.”   
“Oh Sherine, my sweet beautiful ... ”


Chapter 26

That next night Sherine was talking to Michelle at the apartment. “Hey Sherine, so when is this wedding?”  
“Soon; very soon.”   
“So, what did he say?”  
“You know; that he loves me, craves me and can't live without me.”  
“Go-o-o-o-aaallll!!” Michelle yelled like a United Soccer League announcer. “Give me a high five on that one!” She said excitedly.
Michelle and Sherine slapped hands and they both laughed. Then Michelle said, “It will not last.”  
“Oh that’s great Michelle! I can’t believe you! You idiot! You are just jealous!”    
“No, I just think it’s funny. No, not funny, it’s ironic. You are mom all over again.”  
“No Michelle,” Sherine screamed at her. “I think I actually love him and that I need this. I’m going to make this work if it is the last thing I ever do!”  
“Wow, Sherine, if that’s true, that is really great news. Yes you do need this. I hope you are right! See, I kept telling you, you can have a real life.” 
Michelle started to mimic Joe as she danced around the living room. “’Oh Sherine, you are so perfect for me. Oh Sherine, I love you and I love it that you have no problems. Oh Sherine, I love it that you have a good mother. Oh Sherine’ ... ” 
Sherine tried not to laugh but she was in too good a mood. “Shut up Michelle, what am I supposed to tell him? That I have demons; that I want to kill at times? Or that I blank out and torture myself? Why don’t I tell him that I have a past that haunts me and that my own sister sold me for rent money when I was passed out and I do not know how many guys, oh whatever?   I am a new person.  Joe is my life now.  I can move past the devil.  I have to and I will.” 
Michelle stopped prancing. “Ok, Sherine!” She dropped down beside her, “God baby I hope it works for you. Maybe it will work out. But what are you going to do about Mom?”  
“Mom, yea mom..   Michelle, if she comes she will have to keep her big mouth shut, at least until the marriage.” 
“You told me that she was better now and that we should be nice to her and that you wanted to see her.” Michelle seemed truly contrite now. She sensed Sherine was about to undergo one of her transformations.
“That was before.” Sherine’s eyes had a strange fire in them.
“Before what Sherine; baby?” she asked as gently as she could say it.
“Before Joe proposed. Mom already screwed up my life once; I will not allow her to do it again. I hate her and I hate her new husband, whoever he is.”    
“So what do we tell her if she calls again baby?”   
Sherine stopped talking for a second then said, “Maybe we will get lucky and she will leave us alone again. Maybe she will be too busy with Bill or Bob or whatever his name is.”
“Maybe, but I doubt it. You know her, if she wants something she won't stop till she gets it.”     
“Yeah, she is the princess of all scammers all right. God, when I think of her and what she did to me and you, and that she pretended not to know ... I just want to ... ” 
Michelle was a bit shaken at the look on Sherine’s face, “What do you want to do Sherine?” she whispered. “You’re not saying you would kill her or something again? You gotta get over that Sher!”  
Sherine looked at Michelle and stared through her; hard and deep. She said slowly and steadily ... “It is not like I have not told you a million times that I will kill her. Some-day - I – will!” She said, enunciating each word. “That is exactly what I want to do, I will kill her.” 
They sat there in silence for a while. Sherine slowly got over her panic attack. Her ashen face regained some color. She looked at Michelle and patted her hand. “Take it easy there sis. I just get a little crazy there when I think of it all. You know I am only kidding don’t you?” 
Michelle's voice was shaky, “You scare me when you say stuff like that Sherine. And the look on your face … why, if looks could kill … “
Well, I am going to kill Smitty,  and if Mom gets in the way … ”
Michelle jumped up, “You are fucking schizophrenic! You just said that you loved her.”  Sherine looks at Michelle directly, “We all loved each other.  Don't you get it?  It is a love triangle of death.  It has to be; you, me, mom and Smitty... it is us or him.  So logically is has to be us all.  I know it, don't you?”
“Yeah, and then if you fail you would end up living the rest of your life in some filthy jail, or worse yet, in some stinking mental hospital sucking out of a straw! And then you would be really nuts.   Meanwhile, all the orderlies would be having their way with you and no one would even know they were doing it. Sounds great Sherine … real good plan!” Michelle continued.  
“Maybe you are right, but maybe it would be worth it too!” Sherine told Michelle. “At least I would have some closure!”   
“Yeah you would have closed your life and that is all you would be closing.” Sherine said, 
“Well, maybe. But maybe it would still all be worth it too.”  
Michelle looked at Sherine and told her, “You are crazier than I thought.”  
Sherine was already moving on to other things. “Yup I am. I am nuts – certifiable!” She got up and crossed the room. “Hey Michelle, do you remember where I put the vodka the other night?” She laughed, “I got really ‘certifiable’ that night too. I had a bunch of shots when Joe wasn’t looking and I took a couple of your Xanax. I could not see by the time I passed out. I thought I put it somewhere in the bedroom.”  
“There it is, under the bed.” Michelle told her after she spent a few moments looking around. “How did you manage that?”  
“Manage what?”
“Losing your best friend; the vodka bottle.”
“Hell if I know, I guess I kicked it. 
“Sherine you are a real case.” Michelle was laughing a little hysterically. Sherine had shaken her but now she felt the slightly obsessive pulse surge through her body at the sight of the vodka bottle. “So what did you tell Joe about your drinking?” she asked as she nonchalantly reached for the bottle. Her suddenly immense craving was precisely at the tip of her tongue.
“Nothing; why? What should I tell him? Actually he thinks I do not drink, or very little anyway. It’s easy; he only sees what he wants to see.”  
“You are kidding, aren’t you Sherine? You? The fish of all fishes, and he thinks you do not drink. That freaking takes the cake! Well, you might want to tell him that you have a few … dozen drinks each night!” 
“What, you mean as in, ‘Oh yes Joe, I only have one a night? Yeah, one after the other … after the other … after the … ’!” She laughed and Michelle had to join her at this old joke. “Really though; why? What good would that do? I need to get married to him. And besides he goes to sleep early; usually about the time I start to drink.  I will work on it as time goes on.   I just need to start slow, you know,I need some time to do what I have to do.  I will metamorph  into whatever he wants.  I will be the perfect“perfect” for him.”
           Michelle just sits and stares as Sherine continues, “Well, either way, it'll be fine. He loves me. It'll be perfect. You'll see.”
“Hey Sherine, what if I needed a place to live? I mean, well you know that Spinner and I are on the outs and I was thinking, maybe I could live with you.”   
Sherine looked at her sister, surprised at this idea but said almost immediately, “Sure Michelle, I don’t see why not. It’s a little early to pull this on him, but I'll mention it to him and see what he thinks … after we are married though, not before.” She reached back for the bottle and unscrewed the white metal cap. “You know? Now that I think about it, I'm sure it will be ok with him. The way he was looking at you the other night he might even like it.” 
Michelle cocked her head and asked, “And just what the hell are you thinking?”   
“Oh, come on Sherine, you know men, they love threesomes. But listen Michelle; let’s take this a little slower, ok? Joe is a good guy and I want to keep him.” 
“OK Sherine, but you’re right, it could be fun. He's strong, handsome, has the body of best and has a smile that could kill and anyone can tell, he loves sex.”  
“I know, but let’s go slow; besides I haven't even asked him what he would think about you being there let alone sleeping with us.” Sherine smiled at Michelle and added, “I think it could be like old times Michi ... waking up between the two of you. Except this time we would have a million dollar house, a yacht, new cars and service people. It would be a little different than waking with an empty refrigerator and no money for anything but beer and smoke.”  
Michelle smiled. She took the bottle back and tilted it up for a long pull. She shiver-shook her head and she wiped her mouth, “you’re right Sher, let’s go a little slower with Joe. We don’t want to scare him away ... ’blow’ a good thing if you know what I mean.”  
Sherine shook her head at Michelle and smiled, “yes a little slower, remember so far I do not want to kill this one.  That is a start.  Work with me on this, please.  He has allowed me to have feelings I lost so long ago I had forgotten them.  We need that marriage contract and that pretty gold ring on my finger before we do anything crazy.” It was Sherine’s turn on the bottle. “Do you understand Michelle?  I can do this with Joe.”  Michelle shakes her head slightly and mumbles as she leans into Sherine,  “I know you will sis.  I know you will.”   “Michelle I will talk to him immediately after the wedding, but not before. Until then you stay here in the apartment. Let me gain control of Joe before we take over, ok?”  
“OK baby. It’ll be great, you’ll see!”  
Chapter 27

Frank was about to walk out of the plastic surgery clinic when the receptionist stopped him. Señor, disculpa me; excuse me please señor. Please let me apologize for how rude Dr. Sanchez was. He’s not normally like that.
Frank wasn’t concerned. He knew there wasn’t much more to be gleaned here. “That’s quite alright miss. You were very helpful. You just remember what I said and you call me if you hear anything about our friend.
“I wonder though, could you recommend a cab for me?”
 “Why of course señor. I can call one right away for you.”  
Frank asked, “Do you have a specific one you use? I understand it can be quite risky to use the wrong cab company here.” 
“Oh yes, I know. Be careful with the cabbies here, you never know,” she shook her head, “sí señor, you never know. I'll call Lino Cab Co. They are priced right and they are always here in less than three minutes. Apollo is very good too, but mi primo works for Lino so ... ”  
“Perfect,” Frank said and continued, “This may sound weird, but do you know if Robert; you know ‘my buddy’ … your ‘Mr. Jones’; … did he also use Lino Cab when he left?”
“I’m not sure. You know it was a little while ago. I believe he just walked out front and called one. Chances are good that he would have used Lino though because they are everywhere. They seem to come out of the woodwork!   
“I will call my friend, Luis for you. He is actually mi primo … my cousin, a Lino driver. He normally sits close to here when he is waiting for a passenger. He is safe. He is honest too, and a very nice guy. He can even show you the local sites if you would like.”  
Frank smiled and said, “That would be very nice. My wife flies in this evening and it would be nice if I had a driver arranged to get her from the airport. Also, it would be a nice surprise for her if I had a fun day arranged for us tomorrow. Please if you will, call Luis for me.”   
“Of course, Señor Burns, it's my pleasure.” After a minute on the phone she told Frank the cab was already waiting at the curb out front. 
The cab flashed his lights; a signal to Frank. He walked over and got in. As they pulled away, he tapped the driver lightly on the shoulder and flashed some pesos in the rearview mirror. He held the picture of Robert out so the driver could see and asked, “Hey amigo, ever seen this guy?”   
“I am not sure señor. He looks familiar … something about his eyes. It would be very hard to forget those eyes señor.”
"It would have been a fare you picked up at the clinic here … oh, maybe four, five … maybe even six weeks ago.”
The cabbie sucked in his breath. “I am not sure señor. I pick up many peoples. 
Frank caught something in his hesitation. He tapped the guy on his shoulder again and held up three thousand pesos in the mirror. The cabbie nervously licked his lips but he caved.
“I have only picked up one fare there in the past couple months. I remember a man, but he was wrapped in bandages. His whole head was covered like he had a lot of surgery. But those eyes señor; grey, como un lobo … a wolf. If it is him, I took him to a hotel. He was a scary hombre señor. A very angry man. He almost stiffed me for the fare and it was only one hundred fifty pesos. He was not very happy - actually he was very rude and in a hurry to get to his hotel.”  
“Sounds like Robert.” Frank extended his hand offering the money, but when the cabbie reached for it, Frank held it tight. “One more question amigo, do you remember which hotel?”  
“Oh sí señor, claro. I sure do. I took him to the Mystic Hotel at first and then he changed and went to the smaller one next to the Mystic. He wanted it quiet, you know, no names. Yes, I remember him, No me gustó él – I didn't like him. Sorry to say but your friend is no friend of mine; I couldn’t wait to get him out of my cab!”   
Frank laughed and let go of the money. The cabbie looked around surreptitiously, even as they drove, and quickly stuffed it into his waist band. “Can you take me to the Hotel Mystic? I mean the one next to it.”    
“Sure, it'll take ten minutes at most.”   
“Perfect.” Frank dropped another five hundred peso note in his lap and leaned back satisfactorily. 
A few minutes later they pulled up in front of the Mystic Hotel and the cabbie pointed to the hotel next door. Frank jumped out. He thought to himself that if this guy left an easier trail to follow he wouldn’t feel like he was earning his pay. “He must not think anyone is looking for him. What an amateur! I will love ‘correcting the problem’, as David called it. This will be fun and I know there will be a great bonus in it for me. I know that as pissed off as David is, the sky is the limit! This will be great.”
When he got out of the cab, Frank leaned into the open driver window. “He held another thousand peso note out and told the driver, “Listen, keep your ears and eyes open and there’s more where this came from.” He tucked the bill and another of his business cards into the driver’s front shirt pocket. The driver shook his hand and nodded seriously.
Frank walked inside the dark lobby and up to a compact little man at the front desk, “Excuse me, I'm supposed to meet my friend here and I wonder if you have seen him. He hasn’t called and I am getting a little worried. Here, I have a photo of him.” 
The man squinted and scrutinized the picture. He scratched his leathery head and pulled on the straps of a scruffy wife-beater T-shirt with both thumbs. He nodded vigorously, “Oh yes señor, it is him. He look very different now, but he was here; for a while anyway. He pretty much keep to himself. He have a surgery you know? A facial surgery. It look good too, but he left after he remove his stitches hisself.” The guy leaned forward and whispered conspiratorially, “La policía were looking for him too. We find Josephina Martinez in his room! She was dead señor! Asesinado! Murdered. We find her stuffed in the bed a few day after he check out. She never miss work you know? And then the smell … La policía think he did it.”
“You’re kidding!” Frank said, truly amazed. “Did they catch him, your ‘La policía?”
The attendant smiled and said, “Nobody ever catch that man.” He cackled, “He turn hisself in, that when they catch that man!” He stopped for a second, really looking at Frank for the first time. “You say he a friend of yours? Señor, I no know this man, but I no think he could be a good friend to anyone. Su alma es muy malo. How you say, his ‘alma’ … his soul … He had an aura about him that make you want to leave the room.”  
Frank looked at the attendant and paused for a second while he thought about what to say next, “Yeah, he’s really not that much of a friend but I promised him I would help him, so here I am. Waddaya say buddy, any idea where he went?” He flashed his roll again. 
The attendant’s eyes bulged and he swallowed. His mind was working like a rat’s in a maze but he couldn’t come up with anything. “No, but, he did sit and have coffee in the bar a few times. Maybe the barmaid know something. She and him had an evening or two together, if you know what I mean?”     
“Yup, now that's Robert. Quite the lady’s man - or at least he thinks he is.” And to himself, “ … more like a lady killer.” He peeled off a couple hundred peso notes and threw them on the old seedy counter and repeated his bribe. “Pretty soon the whole fucking town will be on alert!”
‘Grandpa’ flashed a yellow grin and said, “She is on break, but will be … Oh, here she comes now. Si señor, ella es muy muy simpatico – very very nice, I’m sure she will help you. Pero, una pregunta por favor, one question señor  … Why do you waste your time with this hombre malo? El es peligroso … a very dangerous man I think!” 
Franks laughed slightly and nodded, “It’s a long story.”  
“Ok, yo comprendo, es privado … private.”  
“I guess you could say that.”   
The old man tried to flag the barmaid over but she didn’t see him. Frank waved him off and followed her up a set of stairs located to the side and a little behind the front desk. He yelled ahead to her, “Excuse me, senorita, I’m looking for my friend, Robert. Have you seen him lately? He pulled out his photo and showed it to her.    
 She stopped and turned. She looked at the photo and gasped, “Oh, that is hees name? I wondered ... he never tell me hees real name. Actually he never tell me any name. He say hees wife mi’ find out and he no want problemas weeth her. He a bad man though señor! A bery bad man! He keel my fren Josephina I tink!” She thought back and tears bubbled. “I thought bery weird that he would have surgery for hees wife and then stay here a couple weeks. She stiffened and then shrugged, “sí, es verdad, he hustle me … yeah sure, he a great huzban ... then he just leefe ... never say nothing ... just leefe.”   
“Did he call anyone from here? Any idea where he might have gone?”  
She replied, “No not really ... I heer him tell someone on el teléfono one evening that he was eentown an hees name ees Campbell … That bery strange to me you know? Heem being a doctor and all … eet no seem right to me ... He act more like a hit man en mi telenovela favorita than doctor.  
“He no seem like he be in beezness of healing peoples, more like he in beezness of desconecte las máquinas de soporte de vida. Entiende? I try stay away from heem after the first night but he tol me that if I deed not cooperate he mi’ have to persuade me … sí, that what he say, ‘persuade me’, … como mi telenovela! Eet was kinda like a threat, but weeth a smile you know? He scare me bery much.
Wheen he say thees I get sheevers en mi espina. I want leave but, you know seence I already been weeth heem I figure eet better por me to do wa’ he want. I no want take chance of geetting hur’. An you know senor, the cops here don care … they may have actually been on hees side.” She shook a miniscule red fist. “La policía change their minds wheen they find Josephina I tell you!”  
She fumed a minute over this and then continued, apparently not done. “He never tol’ me hees name but one nigh’ ... I tol’ you thees, … I don tink he know I hear him talking on el teléfono ... he ha’ a couple drinks so he was a leettle lou’. He say, ‘I tol’ you, yes thees ees Dr. Campbell.’ I was walking by hees room and the door no was e-clossed tight and he talk bery lou’, and bery politely. Not like he talk here ... here he ees demanding and rude. I never ask, but I though’ he up to something.” 
Frank is wowed by all this information and wants more. He asked, “You say he was talking very politely? What do you mean, why do you think he was talking politely. 
She shook her pretty head, “I no know for sure señor. Eet soun’ like maybe he wa’ maybe a leetle scared. He say ‘I sorry’ an’ ‘eet will neber happen again’ two or tree times.”
Frank chewed a lip at this revelation. “Anything else linda?” Out came the wad again. “How did he get around; cab, walk, bus ... ”
She smiled brightly. “I don know, he no leefe much. I go hees room a couple a times ... he act like he no like me there unless he there too, and I know he no like me to look at hees things. But sometime he come to the bar and ask me to stop in after work. I deed you know. There are not many interesting peoples here, so the first time I though’ he look good and … “She hung her head and tried to explain, “you know my opportunity to meet anyone that ha’ a yob here no es muy bien. I hope eet might turn out to be something, but after I see him the firs’ time, well ... le’s just say … I was bery glad he leefe ... at firs’ he was ok and then he kinda start to scare me a leettle … and then I was bery terrified of him. 
“You have been extremely helpful.” He tucked a thousand pesos and yet another business card in her revealing cleavage and winked. “Anything else you can tell me … ” but she was already shaking her head, ready to go and share her new found wealth. “Well thank you, thank you very much and ‘muchas gracias’! You have been so much help. Maybe now I can find my old buddy.”  
Frank skipped down to the lobby again. “Campbell, huh. This guy is nuts. I can't wait to find him. I hope David is sharpening up his darts, ‘cause I think I will be bringing home his balls sooner than I thought. Frank waved back at the old man and was outside on the stoop when he flagged down the first cab he saw, “Hey, where are the ladies amigo?” he asked.  
The cabbie looked at him like he was crazy. “Señor, no tiene ojos en su cabeza?” He chuckled, “Didn’t you look around. There are three houses on this block or, if you like, there are a few more about ten minutes from here. 
Frank laughed. He was in a great mood now. “Let’s go there then, I don’t really like this area and I'm ready for a little company, if you know what I mean.”  
The cabbie laughed too and said, “I sure do, nothing like a warm love’n lady.”
“You ain't kidding amigo ... warm love’n and cold beer. It's a great combination.”


Chapter 28

“OK Michelle, you deal with her.” Sherine told Michelle. 
Michelle instantly screamed back, “No fucking way Sherine! Don’t put that on me! I can't and I won’t. Remember it was your idea to have mom visit. And, if you remember, I told you that I did not want to see her ... as far as I am concerned she is dead to me! I will not have anything to do with her.”  
Sherine looked down and said quietly, “Please...I don’t want anything to do with her either, Michi. But then I want to go back to the beach, build sand castles and start over again.  Do you understand?  Of course you do not.  Oh, what am I saying.  You know I am crazy.  I don’t know what I was thinking when I thought I did. I must have been even crazier, but I do.... Oh, forget it.” She forced a chuckle. “You know I can be crazy at times.” 
Michelle echoed her half laugh, but softened. “You? Crazy at times? Like I don’t know you. I knew you would come to your senses and realize that if she is here at all it will be mean trouble. And what about her new husband, Paul?”  
Sherine steeled herself now. “What about him?” She responded, her voice a bit shrill. She paced in front of Michelle and continued, “well, I hope she comes and we all have a great time, but then again we can make her wish she had never called us again. I am sure she has given him some line of BS, otherwise he would have never stayed with her.   Michelle, my head hurts I don't want to think about her anymore, ok.”
“H-m-m, different might be fun after all.” Michelle smiled  devilishly as she pressed a sweaty glass of iced Coca-Cola against her temple. She set the glass down in a growing ring of water. “She gives me a headache too.  What are you thinking now Sher?”
Sherine smiled at Michelle, “That is the story of her life, and ours too.” She picked up Michelle’s glass and took a swallow before setting it back down on top of a cardboard coaster she’d brought home from some bar.  “… ‘things will always be better, just don’t say anything, do as you are told and look the other way’ ... It is such BS. She has a reason for coming and when we find out what it is we will be sorry we ever had anything to do with her again. So we have to be ready. God, what was I thinking!  Michelle, my head is pounding.  Please stop.”  Sherine holds her head in her hands, “Ok. You are right, Michelle, but we will not know why she is really coming until she gets here.” 
Michelle turned and told Sherine, “OK, here is the deal. We go along with her story until we figure out what she wants and why she is really here. Who knows, maybe you will get over wanting to kill her after we have some fun with her.”  
“I do not want to kill her.  Who told you that?”  Ok, Sherine, whatever.”  Michelle shook her head impatiently, “You are as screwed up as mom; one minute you want to kill her and the other you want to be her best friend. Sherine, I will never understand you. Did you chew a few of those Xanax? You did, didn’t you?” 
Sherine smiled and said, “Yeah, and I had a few shots of tequila and a great date with my vibrator earlier too if you must know.”  
Michelle laughed and continued to stare at Sherine, “Sherine you are going to kill yourself or someone else someday.”  
“Oh Michelle,  No.  I do not know where you get the idea I do not  want to kill anyone.  Well maybe I have a slight idea, but you know that is my sad side talking.  Come on Michelle.  I love you, please do not think of me like that.”  
“Ok, you’re right.  You have not killed anyone yet.”  Looking at Sherine, noticing a tear trickling down her right cheek she says,  “I know Sherine, you are good and I'll be nice until we figure out her angle or until she pulls one of her tricks and tries to get us to do something for her. When is she supposed to be coming Sherine?” 
Sherine was dazing off in the distance, not really hearing now. 
 “Sherine-Sherine-Sherine, you are not listening again. When is she supposed to be coming?”  
“Oh, ah, I don't know exactly she says as she reaches for a tissue ... tomorrow. Late afternoon-ish ... she wants us to meet her at the airport. I wrote down the time somewhere.” She walked over to a side table and sorted through a small pile of papers. “Here it is, Jet Blue at four-forty-seven pm.
“Christ, that’s right during rush hour! Tell her to get a fucking cab, I hate going to Orlando to that fucking airport!” Michelle spouted. “She’s rich now. See she is starting already. I told you, I’m not doing anything for her until I see why she is really here!” 
Sherine nodded at this and the decision was made. Michelle lightly punched Sherine in the shoulder several times, and laughed out loud, “Enough about the old lady, tell me Sherine, why aren't you seeing Joe tonight? Anything change? Did he find your Xanax? Bite marks? Your bottle of vodka under the bed?”  
Sherine jerked her arm away and looked at Michelle crossly, “Come on Michelle, I need your love now and you know that I need all of that to get through the day, okay? Once I marry Joe I will be calm and normal. And to answer your question, I told Joe I needed a night with my sister … and I do. I have been with him a lot lately and I need some space. I told him that I wanted to go to sleep early because I have to work in the morning.  He is so good to me.”
Coming back into focus Sherine picked at her cuticles in her lap, and then she looked back up at Michelle, “Yeah, like you are such an angel. Come on big sis, let’s knock down a few shots and chase them with a few beers.”  
“Sounds  like my baby sis is back again from her other side.” 
Sherine headed for the refrigerator. 
“Poor Joe.” Michelle called in after her. “If and when he knows, I wonder what he will do?”  
In the kitchen, Michelle was cracking open a couple cold beers when Sherine followed her in with the vodka bottle.  She poured two healthy shots. “So Sherine what about the wedding?” 
“What about it Michelle.”  
“You know, where are you going to have it, … are ya going to wear white … have a cake?”  
“Well, somewhere big. Joe wants that. And so sure, I am going to have a cake. I don’t know about white though, that may be pushing it even if Joe doesn’t know!” They both laughed and Sherine continued wistfully. “I have to find some big hall though. His family is huge and besides, I want all the bikers there.” 
Michelle looked surprised, “Well that may not be too cool. Remember Joe has no idea of our colorful past.”  
“You mean of the times we had together?” 
“Well, yeah, and of Smitty too for that matter. And what do you think he would say if he knew about us, and Spinner and … ”
“Yeah and you paying your rent when I was passed out.”   
Sherine handed her a brimming shot glass, “Er, yeah, I told you I was sorry about that, but yeah, and of countless other ‘little’ things ... like no panties at the pool hall.” They clinked their glasses and threw back the icy gin. 
Sherine changed track, “You know Michelle? ...” 
“What baby,” Michelle asked?  
“I liked it.”  
“What did you like?” 
“I liked leaning over the table while all the bikers were behind me. It was such a turn on, that power I had over them ... I still like it!”
“Yeah, for the whole bar to see.” They did another quick shot but Michelle coughed out as she swallowed wrong. She spit vodka all over Sherine and both girls started laughing hysterically and pushing and shoving each other. They ended up giggling in each other’s arms.
“let’s go down to the pool hall and make a few dollars. What do you think Sherine?”  
 Sherine smiled at this idea and told Michelle, “Excellent idea. But not this one, let’s go to the other one near the Pier. I have not strutted for a while and while I am still single. I likes to mingle!”
Michelle threw her arm over Sherine’s shoulder and headed for the bedroom so they could get ready. She sang, “We are sin-gle - and we likes to min-gle - we can get any man - to do what we wa-nt!”   
They laughed and Sherine threw open her closet doors. They started rummaging through clothes. She mimicked as she started holding up outfits and checking them in the full-length mirror stuck on the back of the door, “yes, we are so incredibly good looking and we can get any man to do anything we want!” She posed with a little black dress held up under her chin then wrinkled her nose and tossed it on the bed. “What do you think Michi? Are we are ready for a little wild sex with a new face … just the three of us?” She grinned as she poked an elbow in Michelle’s ribs pushing her out of the way of the mirror. “See? There is life after Spinner.” She nodded at her reflection. “If you are in, I want to put on this short black skirt, my CFM heels and this slinky blouse. What do you think.”
Michelle looked her up and down and blew out a breath, “Well, that depends if you want them to actually fuck you or come in their pants at the first sight of you! Damn girl! That’s H.O.T. Let me see what you have here that will fit me.”  
Sherine was in the bathroom and she started the shower running. “Hey Michelle.” 
“What sweet baby?” 
“Hand me the vodka bottle, will you?”   
She handed it to Sherine after she guzzled a long pull. Sherine took her turn. She wiped her lips on a towel hanging on the back of the door. “I want to get wasted tonight and celebrate my future wedding in my style.”
“What’s your style Sherine”?  
“My style? You know my style baby! Every  guy in that place wanting me. And me having the pick of the litter… taking control.  
 “I like your style, Sherine. Let’s do it.”

Twenty minutes later….

“Ok, how do I look now Sherine?”
“Bad baby ... like the bad girl you always wanted to be. What about me?”  
Michelle looked her up and down and Sherine twirled. “Wow, you look killer Sher. You’re gonna knock ‘em all dead!”
“Perfect let’s go ... the night’s not getting any younger!” They headed for the door but Sherine stopped. “Hold on Michelle, I want to chew a Xanax too.” 
Michelle stopped in her tracks and looked back at Sherine shaking her head, “I will have to carry you home if you chew them and drink like normal.”  
Sherine stared her down. She threw one in her mouth, chewed and swallowed. She opened her mouth to show Michelle it was all gone. “Then carry me bitch!” She continued on without a second thought, “I swear Michelle, if these heels didn't make my ass look so good I’d never wear them ‘cause they are killin’ my feet!”  
Michelle could only look at her and shake her head. She walked out the door, almost pulling Sherine out with her and said, “Lock the door then and let’s get going!”   
As they left the apartment, Sherine asked Michelle, “Hey, do you wanna walk to the bar just down the street first and have a beer and then drive to the Pier Pool Hall? Otherwise, it will be twenty minutes without a beer.”
“Sherine that is an idea I can live with. Man girl, that must be why they pay you the big bucks!”
 They had only walked a minute or so when a car pulled up along-side and slowed. It continued a few more yards and then did a quick K-turn in the dimly lit street.  
Sherine looked at Michelle and pulled her elbow. They stopped. “Hey Michi, see that car?”   
“I’m not blind girl.” 
“What are they doing? Do you know them?” 
“Don’t know, but they definitely got a bead on us.” 
They started walking again, huddled together but Sherine stumbled and fell on a garbage can lid. She landed on a small patch of grass without really being hurt, other than her pride. She started to laugh as Michelle sat down next to her and laughed with her, the prowling car forgotten for the moment.  
“What ass hole left a lid without the can?” Michelle laughed. Some ass hole left a lid without the can!”  
“No shit Sherlock, you’re a rocket scientist,” Sherine giggled at Michelle as she attempted to stand.  
“Hey bitch, we are both wasted, just remember that. Concentrate on walking straight and not falling.” 
At that moment the car came slowly by again. They turned and watched it go and Sherine smirked, “Wonder what those idiots  want?”    
“Are they cute?” Michelle asks Sherine.   
“Come on Michelle; see they are turning around again.” They started hustling toward the bar again. They could see the street lights streaming on the sidewalk through the front windows and music was beating. “See, here they come again.” 
For the third time the car passed them slowly, but this time it stopped, facing them. “Look they stopped.”
“No shit again Sherlock, boy, you are really on tonight,” Sherine laughed.
The car pulled up next to them. A window rolled down and a young Latino man poked his head out and asked, “Excuse us ladies, but do you know where ... ” 
Just then a car behind them started blowing its horn. They could not hear what the passenger said. Sherine stumbled up to the car but managed to look him squarely in the eyes.  She wobbled only slightly and asked, “Where what is handsome?”  Michelle stood slightly behind Sherine wondering if she needed to help stabilize Sherine. 
He smiled a big grin and said “You know, your apartment?”    
“What?” Sherine says.   
“Your apartment, you know, where you live. It’s gotta be closer than mine!” He grinned, his white teeth glowed in the dark interior.  
Sherine huffed, “What the hell are you talking about? Who  do you think you are talking to!” She straightened back up and waved him off with her middle finger. 
He opened his door and the passenger door opened at the same time. Two lanky Hispanics wearing dark cowboy hats and tight jeans jumped out. The driver grabbed Sherine and the other taller man was on Michelle before she could get two feet. He twisted Michelle viciously by the arm as he flicked open a knife, “Like I asked you, Linda, where is your fucking apartment?” and he gave her arm a savage yank.   
The driver hissed at them, “We want to party with you chicas tonight. We thought you might invite us back to your apartment. Both of you. Got it? Now you get in the front” and he shoved Sherine. Her high heel caught on the edge of the curb causing her to fall and she landed half in half out of the old car. He jerked her up and pushed her further in across the bench seat and threw his arm around her shoulders.  
“And you get in the back puta,” said the other guy. He grinned savagely and a gold tooth shone thru his dark goatee. He grabbed the back of her neck and bumped her toward the door with his hip. As he threw her in the back, he continued, “without making a scene too, or I'll end the party right now and right here and you will not like the ending. That’s a promise puta.”
As they peeled away from the curb, the guy in back told Michelle that he wanted her to suck him. Michelle eyes were wide with fear and anger. She looked at Sherine in the rearview mirror but the driver grabbed  Sherine forcing her head below the seat back out of the mirror's view while hearing the guy in the back speaking to Michelle.  “Listen cariña, we don't have all night, get that mouth of yours down there and don't make a mess, my wife would not like to see that. You swallow and keep it clean. And if I even begin to feel your teeth I’ll slit your fucking throat!”  
Michelle quickly unzipped Gold Tooth’s pants and started to do as she was told. Sherine looked at the guy she was next to and said seductively, “Hey, you’re pretty cute baby, please don't hurt us.”   
“Then start sucking puta and don’t forget the rules ... no mess, no teeth, got it?”  
“Yes baby, take it easy,” she told him, “I’m an expert at this and I probably will do it better than anyone has ever done.”   
He looked at her suspiciously. “Well then, baby let’s have a sample and if you are as good as you say you are I just might let you live.” 
Sherine looked at him and smiled, “No need to be hostile, take it easy lover, I love sucking and we can both enjoy this if you put away your blade and just relax.” 
Shocked, he gave her a hard questioning look, trying to read if she is being straight and if it is worth the risk. After a few seconds he nodded, “Ok baby, let’s see what you got,” and he folded the knife. She noticed that he kept it handily in reach though, in a pocket on the door. He leaned back and said, “Let’s party.” He turned slightly to watch Michelle’s head bobbing up and down furiously on his partner’s dick. The guy’s head was back and his eyes were closed as he moaned.
Grinning like a guy about to get a blow job he turned back toward Sherine. She already has his pants unzipped and his cock out. She smiled up at him and asked him, “so what’s the problem?” 
Sherine shook his limp dick a little and gave it a flick with her finger. She laughed, “Hey, anybody home in there little man?”
Enraged, he grabbed her by her hair and jerked her head up to his, barely an inch from her face, “Come on bitch, get it up and if you can't I'll have to teach you to do a better job.”  
She tried to get him hard but he was not able to. “Come on bitch, get me hard or I'll kill you.”  
She really started to get nervous now and started sucking on his flaccid joint furiously. Finally, he became hard as he started moaning. She was going as deep as she could and gagged on his penis. Without being able to control her gag reflex she vomited vodka and her late lunch all over his crotch.  
The man started to scream. “I told you bitch that I would kill you if you made a mess and now you fucking puke on me?! You fucking cunt! Get the fuck out of this car.” They skewed left and right as he grabbed a handful of her hair. Sherine struggled but he was too strong. He slammed her head with his fist over and over again, the car nearly out of control 
Michelle was screaming now too and the driver yelled, “Throw that loud bitch out, throw her out now.”   
Gold Tooth pushed Michelle back and slammed a fist in her face as he reached over and opened the door. In a split second Michelle flew out as the driver turned a hard left. She flew out like she was doing a doing a belly dive. Arms akimbo, she dove chest first and slid in the gutter. The gravel and debris in the gutter tore at her clothes and the bare skin of her legs, and her left arm slammed into the curb. She crunched to a stop and lifted her scraped and bleeding chin just in time to see Sherine go flying out the front passenger door.


An hour later …

“Please relax, Sherine” ... “your name is Sherine, right?”  
Sherine’s eyes were swollen slits, she mumbled and tried to sit up, “Yeah, … no, I mean yeah …wait, … I don't know. Where am I!” 
A nurse held her by both shoulders and gently pushed her back down on the gurney, “Shh-shh-shh now, take it easy, You are in Merritt Island General Hospital, you’re OK. You’re in good hands and you are safe. You’re going to be alright.”  
Sherine struggled to sit up again but there was a sharp stabbing pain in her forehead; right between her puffy eyes. She fell back and panted but continued to writhe. The nurse gently daubed her forehead with a cool and anesthetic smelling cloth. “There there now, easy now …” she sang softly. After the pain ebbed a little, Sherine’s eyes started to focus a bit. She looked around and let her eyes converge on the nurse. “The hospital? What happened?”  
The nurse relaxed visibly at this slight return to normalcy and held a small plastic cup with a bent straw in it to Sherine’s parched lips. She slurped willingly and with enthusiasm. “We don’t really know what happened yet sweetie. We’re trying to find out.” The nurse tucked the crisp but blood stained sheets under her chin. “We were hoping maybe you could tell us. You were found unconscious along the side of Danbury Road. Your sister was a few hundred feet away from you and she is as dazed as you are.” 
Sherine’s eyes bolted open at this and she started to struggle again. “Ah-ah! Take it easy. She’s going to be fine. She’s in the next room over and if you’re good, I’ll wheel her in here to see you.” She tucked the sheets once more, paying attention to shove them tightly around Sherine’s arms too. “You both arrived here late last night. We found your phone and saw that you have several calls to Attorney Joe Gerrard. For us to treat you past your emergency phase we needed someone to sign the release. We called him and he is in the waiting room. He claims to be your fiancé. Is that correct?”   
Sherine’s eyes welled and she rolled her head to the side. She stifled a sob and asked, “Is this true? Is Joe here?”   
“Yes.” She responded gratefully. “Do you want to see him?”   
“Oh yes, oh please.” Sherine said, The tears flowed from her defeated eyes. 

A few minutes later, Joe walked in and rushed up to her bedside. “Sherine, my God you scared me. I thought you were going to die!” He held her poor face in both hands, “What happened baby? I almost went nuts. I cannot lose you now. I love you Sherine. We are to be married. Oh God Sherine, what happened? Whatever happened can never happen again. I will never leave you alone again!”
Sherine cried with him, “I’m not sure. I … I don’t really remember. I was just walking with Michelle … to get some fresh air I guess. Oh, I don’t remember! There was a car, and men … two men. We were just walking and then there were the men … they, they forced us ... ” She struggled out of her linen straight jacket and held onto Joe’s hands madly. “ … that’s all I remember.”  
He held her tightly for a while and after she’d calmed he said, “Sherine, I’m so confused baby. The hospital said you had been drinking and that your alcohol level was high … extremely high, and that … and that you tested positive for narcotics.” 
Sherine looked up at Joe and somehow mustered the sense to say, “Joe, you know I do not drink much and I never get drunk.” 
Joe looked at her and said, … nothing. 
“Please Joe, just hold me and tell me that you love me”
Joe looked at her with tears in his eyes. Compassion took over and he held her tender face again, “Yes dear, … yes of course!” He leaned over and gently took her in his arms and held her tightly whispering in her blood caked ear. “Oh Sherine, I am just so glad that you are here and alive. Don’t you worry about a thing now. I will call the investigating officer in the morning and we will find out who did this to you.” 
Sherine looked up at Joe gratefully and the tears started flowing again. She sobbed “Oh Joe I love you! Hold me Joe … hold me!” 
After a while her breathing steadied and she seemed to have fallen asleep, but as Joe delicately disentangled his arms her head turned to face him and she said softly, “Joe, what about Michelle? Where is Michelle?”
“She’s right next door baby. Hush now honey and go to sleep. The doctors say she will be fine. They say she will be just fine.”
Sherine’s head somehow sunk deeper into the pillows. She smiled, “Tha’s good, tha’s very good.” She was quiet for a bit and Joe was about to turn and go find the nurse again when he heard her muttering. He leaned closer to her.
Sherine was smiling serenely and saying, “Joe, we did have a drink because we were celebrating. We were celebrating our wedding!” She rolled a bit to her side and stuck the tip of her thumb into her mouth. “Yesh, we, we celebrating Joe. Sorry though Joe. We were stupid. It was dumb of us. We were going to get some cigarettes for Michele … only going to be gone for a few minutes … “
Joe stroked her hair out of her face, “It’s OK baby, now that I understand. Because you hardly ever drink, it only takes a few drinks to really effect you, that makes sense to me now.” 
He wanted that to be it. He desperately wanted there to be no more, but he couldn’t help himself. He had to know. “Sherine, Baby, but what about the Xanax?”   
Sherine’s eyes bolted open. She started screaming and pitching wildly, “Oh, God I hurt ... tell the nurse! Tell the nurse I need something for the pain and I need it now. Nurse!” she screamed, “Nurse!” A startled Joe back peddled into the door and flagged down a nurse. 
When the nurse entered entered, she went into immediate action. First she rang an alarm. She began soothing Sherine and trying to take her vitals at the same time. Sherine calmed at her soothing touch. The nurse continued to take Sherine’s pulse and after she glanced at her watch she felt her forehead to see if she had any temperature, then she returned to her watch.
“The pain. Oh my God the pain.” Sherine moaned over and over again. 
“We can't give you anything until you get another MRI. You have a subdural hematoma, a fractured wrist and arm. You will have another MRI in two hours.”   
Sherine grabbed Joe’s arms now and pleaded, “Oh my God, I need something!” At that moment her eyes fell back into her head and she began writhing on the bed while clutching at her chest. The monitor started a long steady howl and Sherine passed out. 
Another nurse came running in response to the alarm. She saw Sherine laying there as if she was dead and Joe crying and in shock. She yelled, “get the crash cart, get the cart now!” Within seconds Joe was rushed out and a team of doctors and nurses hovered over Sherine all working as fast as they could. 
A couple hours later, Joe was still in the waiting room when Evon walked in with Paul. When she and Paul arrived at the reception desk Evon asked the duty nurse stationed there, “Where is Sherine Hughes please, I'm her mother.”  
Joe was sitting in the waiting room and heard her. He walked over. “Hi, I'm Joe, Sherine's fiancé; you must be Sherine’s mother.”
“Oh yes Joe, yes I am. So nice to meet you. Please Joe, where is Sherine? Do you know what happened? Is she going to be alright?” she asks in a rapid fire staccato. 
“She is still in Intensive Care I’m afraid. They do have her stabilized but she is still critical. I did get to see her for a few minutes, but she had some kind of cardiac event I guess it was and they kicked me out. Now she is not allowed to have any more visitors until after they give her a second MRI … if then, I guess it depends on the results. That should be any minute though. I mean the results should be in any minute, she already had it. Right now the doctor told me she is going in and out of consciousness. Evon, I must tell you, it does not look good.”  
“Oh my god … where is that doctor – I want to talk to the doctor … and Michelle, what about Michelle?” Evon asked. 
“Michelle is ok Evon; just shaken up pretty badly … no real injuries, so she will be released soon. I think they are just observing her. I was told that she can have visitors later but that she is fine.”  
Just then a doctor with a surgical mask pulled down around his neck walked out. He whispered something to the nurse standing there and she pointed to Joe and Evon. 
He walked over to them with his hand out and introduced himself to Joe and Evon. “Hi, I'm Dr. Chue. I’m the chief neurosurgeon here and I was called in for Sherine. I just looked at her second MRI and we need to do a surgery now. The bleeding is much worse and if we do not operate now she could … no, she will suffer irreversible brain damage. I am sorry to say, she may have already. 
“It is early and it is hard to tell much right now. She has a Glasgow Scale that is very low. They are prepping her now and she will be ready for me in about twenty minutes. I'll be out as soon as we finish and we’ll talk more then. Think good thoughts and keep praying. If we get in there in time, she could still be OK but, we have our work cut out for us ... ”  
Joe interrupted and said, “Doctor, you said she has a low Glasgow Scale?”  
“Yes, that is correct.”
Joe asked, “What is that? What does it mean … er, measure?”  
“That is a scale we use in the ER to give a quick evaluation for head injury patients. A lower number indicates she has a lower response to sound, touch or pain. We are hoping for higher … the higher the better, you understand.”   
“Ok doctor, thank you so much. Please pull her through doctor, we will be here.”
Four hours later Dr. Chue came back through the swinging door. He looked positively beat but he told Evon and Joe that the surgery went well. “ … but only time will tell how successful it was. She’ll be out for a while yet, but you should be able to see her in a couple hours if you keep it real short. But please, remember, she may not be conscious for hours or days.”
The doctor turned and began to walk away, then stopped and turned back toward Evon and Joe and said, “You know, there was one thing that was different … ” 
“What?” Joe asked hopefully. 
“Well, it was strange, she required way more morphine than the average to put her to sleep.” 
Joe looked confused and said, “I don’t understand.” 
Dr. Chue looked into Joe’s eyes. He took a deep breath and asked, “Has she had a drug problem, or maybe even an alcohol problem in the past?” 
Joe immediately got a little defensive. He told Dr. Chue in an haughty manner, “No, never, not her, she hardly ever drinks and she never takes any drugs; not even for a headache. She will suffer a headache before she would even take an Ibuprofen.” 
Dr. Chue gave Joe a quizzical look and said, “Ok, just weird that she required as much morphine as a two hundred and fifty pound man that has been on heroin for years.” He tugged on an ear and wiped his tired eyes. “Yes, quite strange actually … weird in fact ... “He shrugged his shoulders. “Well, it doesn’t matter now I guess. The surgery went well and that is all that really matters.” He shook their hands again and then Dr. Chue turned and walked away shaking his head. 






Chapter 29

“I love my new identity; Dr. Pierre. I like the way it sounds and I love being a psychiatrist. It sounds kinda sexy and very distinguished. I will make a good psychiatrist. It’s not like I can’t identify sociopaths.”   
Dr. Pierre got off the bus near Avenida Duarte in Santo Domingo. It was late so the usual din that bounced off the school bus yellow tiles was missing, but the place had the usual smells; cheap fried food, body odor and maybe something a little ripe … humanity. As he waited for the driver to get his bag a young lady came on to him and asked if he would like some company.  
He took in tight dark curls poking through and around the blue plastic snap tabs of a ratty baseball hat. It was sitting backwards on an egg shaped head and then his gaze rested on yellowed eyes. He gave a little incredulous laugh. She stiffened visibly at this and rubbed her wide nose with the palm of her hand and sniffed. She had a vicious scar on her forearm. The raised welts of the old wound were a chunky blister and he admired these before he nodded and said, “Sure baby, how much?” He leaned over and picked up his bags.
She looked him over like she was the runt of the litter; not sure what she could get away with. She licked thick brown lips, “Uh, three thousand pesos ... guapo”  
He barked a harsh laugh. “Cheeky bitch aren’t you? Are you freak’n crazy?!” He laughed again and looked her up and down. “You are not worth more than five hundred sweetie, and that’s because I’m feeling generous.”   
She looked at him, the hurt showing clearly on her face. She looked around at the growing emptiness of the bus station and sighed. Five hundred was better than nothing. She wiped her nose again and said, “okay,” and under her breath whispered ‘tacaño, five hundred.” 
He smiled and said, “That is more like it, come on, over there; the ‘baño,’ let’s go.”  
She stopped and raised her eyebrows, “here Señor?”  
“Do you want the five hundred or not?” They got to the dingy door and he held up a wait-a-minute finger and ducked inside. There was no one else there. He yelled back for her to come ahead and a second later she entered, her cheap heels echoing off dirty white tile.
Instantly he was on her. He shoved her across the tiny space and as she bounced off the sink counter he quickly shut and locked the door. 
Grabbing her by the hair her hat fell off. He opened a stall door and began slamming her head into it three; four; five times and then shoved her inside and bent her over the seat-less porcelain bowl. She bucked and fought, her body twisting. One of her elbows caught him on the side of the neck, but it was nothing. She tried kicking back with her leg, but he was too strong. He forced her over and stood, applying all his weight, forcing her nearer and nearer to the pitching water
She used both hands, pushing against the cold rim but he raised her and slammed her head into the lid of the tank. “No-o … plea…” Her voice was nothing but gurgle. He held her head under the water as she continued to struggle. She didn’t struggle long.
His heart was beating so fast it was pounding in his ears. He lifted her enough to look into her face as water streamed off her nose and chin. He dropped her unceremoniously on the floor and stood up and arched his back in a gentle stretch. He kicked her with a toe, but she was dead. He was certain of that, he’d been there before.
He bumped open the stall door with his hip and walked over to the sink and stared back at himself in the polished aluminum mirror and turned on the water. He rinsed his face and hands and ran his long fingers through his hair. As he did this, he glanced back and said, “Oh, by the way, your pay is that I did not break your jaw, got a problem with that? ... ”  
As he walked out of the station he instinctively avoided looking at any possible surveillance cameras. No big deal for him, he always did this. He felt like he had a ‘runner’s high’ going through him. He was almost giddy. He thought, “Damn that was too easy. Dangerous though,” he laughed. Fuck I love that part! The thrill of it’ of the possibility of getting caught. Man, that’s almost as good as the killing!” He practically skipped down the stairs, bags in hand, and out the swinging door into the cool night. 
He walked around the corner, ignoring the few cabbies that called out to him. He knew he would find one easily and thereby avoid any direct witness’s that could tie him to the station. He stretched his sore back again. “Damn, that was the worst bus ride ever. The bus from hell, all those dumb Dominicans, chickens, sweaty bodies and shit food.   
Yes, life is good though ... Robert, Smitty, Campbell, and now Dr. Pierre ... the illustrious Dr. Pierre. I think I will like this identity best. I think I will keep this one for a while. At least until I take care of the loose ends in Cocoa Beach. 
I wonder how that Sherine looks now. My god what a luscious creature she was. I may have to entertain her one last time before I correct the situation there.” 
He settled with a cabbie and slouched back in the seat as he pulled out into traffic. “Ok, matters at hand … let’s see … ,” he pulled Dr. Pierre’s wallet out of his back pocket and scanned his ID. “Ah, Pierre lived near the Zona Colonial, a few corners from the Parque Colon ... His address is … HA! … was, the Colón Building; corner of Mercedes and Americana, apartment #204. That should be easy to find. Thank you Dr. Pierre. You were so helpful.”
About twenty minutes later he had the cabbie pull over about a block from the apartment building. He gathered his two small bags and strolled the wrong way around the block. He rounded back to the apartment and was standing in front of Pierre’s door looking at a key ring, “Ah, this key should work ... perfect; first try opens the door.” As the door swung open enough for him to look in he had to whistle, “Wow, this is nice … never would know it from the outside.” He shut the door softly behind him and slowly took it all in. “Too bad I can't stay, but duty calls … gotta run,” he said with a smile. “Yup hate to steal and run; especially from someone that I actually liked before I killed them.”
As he walked around the apartment he mentally checked off items that might be useful. Then he started gathering them in a neat pile on the massive ebony dining room table. He gathered Pierre’s laptop, check books, diplomas, and family pictures. He found an IPhone on a charger on the kitchen counter and shoved that and the charger in his pocket. “Combined with his wallet and passport, this should be about enough to convince any of those idiots out there. Yes sir, the new Dr. Pierre is on the loose. This time I actually have all the documents I need should I decide to work in a hospital again. I do love the drugs and patients.” He found a large suitcase in the master closet and loaded everything inside. 
“Now let’s see, gotta make it look like a break in; … quietly though.” He made another loop through the apartment. He pulled out every drawer and opened every door, tossing things on the floor. He stashed a few valuables in the suit case also. “Now, a little scraping at the door… and … that … should do it.” He made a last circuit admiring his handiwork, “Perfect,” he thought. “Of course, I'm not just good, I’m the best. Adios Dr. Pierre, nice to have known you; nicer to be you.” He backed out of the door and closed it quietly, but left it unlocked. “Can’t have anyone finding it too soon now can we?” 
	He slunk towards the fire exit stairs whistling softly.


Chapter 30

A couple hours later, Dr. Pierre was ready to leave Santo Domingo. He’d checked into a Cabana … a per-hour hotel famous for rendezvous and trysts. He thought again to himself, “I need to go somewhere that is good for me; somewhere where I can relax and plan my new life. That trip from Haiti really made me tired.” He had decided on Las Terrenas, a small resort town on the Dominican Republic’s north coast.  
“According to what I heard it is a one-horse town with a few Europeans mixed in with some Dominicans. It sounds like a town where I can do what I want. Maybe I can find some fun … my kind of fun! Maybe I can get a girl that no one will miss. And so I can do whatever I want to …” 
“Where did I put that hotel number that the front desk lady raved about? Damn, what was it called?” He fumbled through some papers from his pockets, his hands shaking a bit. “Oh, this is it, the Casa Del Mar Neptunia Hotel.
“Thanks again, Dr. Pierre.” Pierre said to himself as he pulled out his recently acquired laptop and looked up the hotel on Google. “There it is ... H-m-m, looks nice, … quiet and perfect. Wow, it has some nice awards even … there’s Lonely Planet and Trip Advisor … great reviews … yeah, I can get lost there for a while. H-m-m, Las Terrenas … never heard of the town before, but I never heard much about the Dominican Republic before either; until lately.   
He reached for his new IPhone and dialed the number given. “Hello, yes please, I'm interested in a room for a week or two, … yes, with A/C. Perfect, … Yes, the name is ah, ah, Dr. Pierre, … yes, Dr. Pierre, … Really? Ten percent discount if I pay cash, huh? Well I was planning on paying cash anyway so that’s great! … Ok, thanks, it'll take me a few hours, so I should arrive close to four. Ok, thanks.” 
He threw the phone down on the bed and began packing the few items he had removed from his huge suitcase. “I'll call a cab and get him to take me; it’s better than a bus with all the stuff I have to take.” He picked the phone up again and pulled a crumpled business card out of his pocket and dialed the number for Apollo Taxi. “Yes, I need a taxi that can take me up to Las Terrenas. How much would that be??”  
“Las Terrenas? That’s three hours.”  
“More like two and a half, but how much?” He asked in a voice that demanded attention.   
The voice over the phone didn’t balk. “It is two hundred US, or one hundred sixty Euros señor.” 
“Ok, I’ll pay dollars.” He quickly arranged for pick up in front of the hotel, then scanned the room once more. Satisfied he’d left nothing he headed out to meet the cab.
The elevator touched down on the first floor and Pierre walked out through double glass doors, keeping a low profile as usual. Just as the doors bumped shut behind him a taxi pulled up under the portico. “Amazing the fast service one gets here in this backwater dump,” he mused.
The driver jumped out and popped the trunk. As he was man-handling Pierre’s bag, Pierre asked, “Ever been to Las Terrenas before?” 
“Oh yes, many times since they build the new road. It used to take six hours, but now it’s only two and one half to the mountain, then maybe another thirty-five minutes to get over the mountain … unless you will pay the toll for the new extension that goes around the mountain.”    
“Take the new extension; I want to get there well before dark. What is the old way like anyway?”
“It’s only fourteen kilometers but its slow, steep and dangerous.”   
Pierre smiled and told the cabby, “Dangerous, huh? That sounds like fun. I like danger.”
Now the cabbie was wondering … something was telling him this guy was trouble. He looked at Pierre and said, “I don't know about that being fun. That’s not my idea of fun. It may be yours, but many people have died crossing that mountain; mostly due to being drunk or a drunk hitting them.”  
“Take whatever way you want then, but get this piece of shit going.” Pierre asked, “Do you know the Casa Del Mar Neptunia Hotel?”  
The cabbie answered. “No, but I have a guide book. It will be easy to find. Las Terrenas is not that big.”
“Ok, as I said, I want to be there before it gets dark. I don’t want anyone to rob me or hurt me. I don’t like to walk at night by myself. You don’t know who you will meet at night. I just want a warm bed and to finish my book.” 
It was several hours later when they arrived at the Hotel. They had had two flat tires on the way so it was just getting dark and it was hard to see the small unlit sign. The cabbie studied his guide book and said “It should be just up here on the right. 
They almost drove past it but Pierre spotted the sign and told the cabbie to stop. They had driven about one hundred feet down a one-lane gravel street. Pierre got out and immediately stepped in a mucky muddy puddle. The thick orangey looking water filled his shoe and he shouted “Damn this garbage!” 
As he leaped across the puddle trying to keep his other foot dry, he almost bumped into a lean wiry guy with a neat pointed goatee and a big smile on his face. His eyes sparkled behind his glasses as he reached out to steady Pierre’s balance by his elbow. “Sorry about that, we have had a lot of rain the last few days and the entire road is flooded. Welcome to Las Terrenas, I’m Miguel.” A big brown and black dog stood behind the owner. His fur bristled, and JMiguel reached down and quickly held him by his thick collar just as he lunged. Miguel struggled with the big dog for a moment. “Easy Chico! Easy!” Chico calmed a bit but kept an agitated eye on Pierre.
Pierre just looked at the dog and stood stock still. He looked up at Miguel and questioned with his eyes.  Miguel nodded his head. “Ah, sorry about that too, Chico is never like this, he loves everyone.” He laughed a little nervously and positioned himself between Pierre and the dog. He shrugged his shoulders and grabbed one of Pierre’s bags. “This way sir.”  
They ducked through an arch in a small flower studded arbor and Miguel nodded ahead, “It’s just right here Mist ... er, uh, Doctor,” Jim said as he pointed to a small quaint building with a thatch roof on the right. Pierre could see the receptionist standing behind a small desk. It was lit by a small dull lamp and she was writing something on a pad. She looked up, “Well, welcome to the Casa Del Mar Mundo Hotel. I’m Sarah, I see you’ve met my husband there and Chico too. Dr. Pierre I presume?” Chico was still straining against his lease. Suzanne gave a questioning look, and then cocked her head back towards Pierre.
“es.” He said as he stared down at his orange shoe again and tried to shake the thick mud off it.  
She looked down at the shoe and grimaced. “Ach! Just leave that outside your door; we’ll get it cleaned as best we can for you. Anyway, glad you are here, we have been expecting you.” She arranged two check-in cards on the counter before him. “It took you a little longer than we had thought. Did you go over the mountain?”   
“No we took the new extension, but the rain was pounding and we had two flats! And I just fucked my shoes because your road is terrible and I stepped into a puddle. Nice ... ”   
“Oh, I am sorry for that. Samana is the rainiest province in the DR, you know … and sometimes the roads … ” He interrupted her very rudely, “I know, so I’ve heard …  it was flooded. I already heard that excuse from your husband.”  
“Oh!” she exclaimed, surprised at his vehemence. “Well, I am truly sorry; … you want your room now. I can tell. Can I please see your passport?”  
He looked at her with disdain for a second and then shrugged and started to dig through the large bag holding his laptop. He located the passport in a front pocket and pulled it out and handed it to her. “Here is my passport.” 
“Thanks,” she says and continued, “Oh, I see you are from Santo Domingo. I lived there for years until I came to this paradise.” She quickly made a copy and handed it back to Pierre.
He replied, now with a calmer, more settled voice, “Yes, it certainly is paradise here.” There was a refreshing breeze coming out of the North-east and he continued, “I have only been here for a few minutes, but I can tell by the palms leaning over the ocean and the lovely mountains in the distance that it certainly is paradise here. I hope to stay here a while and relax’ I've had a busy month. I had a good friend die and it really changed my life. He died in the Haitian earthquake. Perhaps it has, uh, made me edgy.” 
“Oh, I am so sorry to hear that!” 
“I know. It was terrible. He had his head smashed in by a falling concrete block.” He shook his head like a dutiful friend. “I need to relax, find some new friends, if you know what I mean?”  
“Oh, I certainly do,” she said, “God that earthquake was just so terrible. So many displaced people. Again, I am so sorry to hear about your friend.”  
“Oh thanks, it’s ok,” Pierre says, “I will always have a portion of him with me.”  
“Yes, I understand.” she consoled, “Please try to enjoy your stay with us. If there is anything you need, call us. We serve the breakfast that is included in your price until ten AM. That’s the only meal we serve, but there are tons of restaurants; many within walking distance.”   
“Got hot water? I’d really like a shower,” he said as he looked down at his ruined shoe again.
“Yes, of course, but you may have to wait a few minutes for it to arrive. The heater is on the other side of the hotel.” 
“No problem.” Pierre said, “I’m very easy to please.”  
She smiled, but inwardly rolled her eyes. “We are so glad you are here, I wish we had a thousand guests like you. If we did, my job would be so much easier.”
Pierre looked at her but missed the sarcasm “Oh don’t worry about me. I can take care of myself.” 
They finished the little bit of paperwork and she handed him a key on a ring with a large shell attached. Room number twelve was painted on the shell in a curlicue script. This somehow reminded him where he was. He calmed visibly and actually grinned a bit and then he lifted the shell to his head in a mock salute and turned away. As he was walking away he noticed that there appeared to be a small convention taking place at the hotel just across the gravel road he had just come in on. He turned back around and asked, “Excuse me, uh, Suzanne. Do you happen to know what is going on at the hotel next door?”  
She looked through the open window at the hotel and nodded, “I’m not really sure, but I heard there is a conference with psychologists or, maybe it is psychiatrists, or … well, I don't really know.” She squinted through a natural fence of beautiful Caribbean shrubbery as though something might hint at an answer for this discomfiting man.  “I think it is doctors that work with the mentally challenged though … it seems I remember seeing a sign or reading it somewhere. And I’m pretty sure it just started this evening … I think. I had originally thought that you were here with that group. The hotel has meetings at times and we get their overflow, sometimes they get ours.”   
Pierre couldn’t believe his ears. “Interesting,” he said and turned back towards his room. “Maybe it’s show time again. Let’s see how well my new training works and my new ID. I think I will take a shower and walk over there and register for the conference. After all I'm a psychiatrist - twice now.” He shook his head, amazed at himself, but his eyes narrowed at the possibilities.
Number twelve was towards the back of the small garden. He stepped up to the pastel painted porch. There was a small table with two chairs and a cane rocking chair sat to one side. Next to the rocker was a cramped end table piled with books. He leaned over and looked. Most were in French but there were a couple in English. All seemed to be Beach-escapism novels. He sighed and opened the louvered door to see inside. “Ah, a good bed, a hot shower … how nice. I've really been working too hard,” he muttered. He walked in and flipped on a light. An overhead fan came on at the same time. He scanned the immaculate room. It had bamboo furniture and jungle vines, leaves and birds had been painted on the colorful walls. The ceiling fan was whirling briskly now. He turned and sat in the rocker and undid his shoes, placing them on the stoop as instructed.




Chapter 31

After a long shower Pierre got dressed, brushed his hair and put on his last pair of clean shoes. He got his new ID’s in order, looked at his laptop and thought “I had better look through this and see if there are any photos, letters or other documents that I may have to know about in the future.”  
He hit the “on” button and walked over to the small refrigerator and grabbed a cold green bottle. He looked at the label and shrugged and then riddled through a drawer finding a cork screw with a bottle opener on the end. He popped the top and had a nice long pull, then wiped the icy bottle across his brow and sighed. “I could get used to this I think.” He spent an hour or so searching photos and personal items that he thought he might need to be aware of. After he turned off the laptop he put it on the floor and leaned it at a forty-five degree angle between the corner of the wall and the concrete floor. He stomped down hard on it and smashed it in half, destroying the screen, motherboard and the hard drive. “Yup, that should do it,” he told himself as he picked up the pieces and threw them in a small shopping bag he found under the sink.
He carefully looked to see if anyone was watching as he tip-toed around the sloppy puddles to a dumpster just outside of the hotel entrance. He quietly put the smashed computer inside and covered the broken pieces with a wet cardboard box. Then he walked across the narrow muddy road being careful not to step into any holes.
The hotel was similar to the one he is staying at; ubiquitous thatch roof and all; but there was a pool in the center surrounded by lounge chairs and umbrellas. The lights in the pool harmonized nicely with the ground lighting that accented the palms; tall and short. That same great breeze was gently rocking the palms and the shadows seemed to dance with the soft Caribbean beat that simmered from the open doors. A huge colorful Bougainvillea bush was trimmed to form three walls around an outdoor shower. 
As he walked to the area where the conference was, he noticed a “Brugal Rum Welcome Center” sign. A cute young lady wearing impossibly tight jeans was pouring Brugal Extra Viejo in small iced glasses. Her ass was like a caricature ass out of a Super-heroes comic book. He let out an appreciative whistle and she heard it and turned towards him smiling. Her Brugal T-shirt was tied in knot under her impressive chest and her bare belly was smooth, taut, and the color of espresso foam. 
She appreciated him appreciating her and smiled hugely, looking him straight in his eyes. He couldn’t help notice they were shockingly green. This really surprised him, and for a moment all he could do was stare. He thought they looked stunning against her smooth burnished skin as he heard her ask if he was with the group. After he slowly nodded his head, she responded and said. “Well then, Bienvenidos doctor, care to have a drink of Brugal?” 
“Well yes, and also a Presidente Light, please.” 
“Sorry sir, but I only have Brugal. As you can see we represent Brugal. They are serving Presidentes in the bar though.”  
“Oh yes.” Pierre said and continued, “How stupid of me! Yes, I would love a Cuba Libre with Brugal. Is it really the best rum in all the Islands?”  
As she was pouring the Cuba Libre she smiled at his question. Her strong white teeth glowed like another crescent moon. She really was dazzling. “Brugal sure knows how to pick ‘em,” he thought.
He leaned over and very quietly asked, “Excuse me miss, can you tell me please; where is the conference registration?” He gave her his best smile,  “and how long will you be here tonight?”
As she handed him his drink she smiled coyly and says, “Sure, go down this walkway and turn right, it’s in the Queen Palm room. I get off at twelve.”
He smiled as he was thinking, “God damn! How easy! She would be a killer!”  
“Thanks, I’ll be back,” he said as he took the drink. With a smile he gently massaged her hand. She wasn’t even a little startled or taken aback. She smiled and allowed him to hold her hand for a few seconds as they both stared into each other’s eyes. She felt a warm sensation go through her body which surprised her. She swallowed in an attempt to catch her breath while she caught her composure.  
Pierre let go of her hand and said, “I will be here looking for you after I register.”
She smiled and said, “I will be here.”
“Perfect, then maybe if God is willing we will meet again.”   
“Now that is one hot Gringo!” she was thinking, “And a Doctor too! He is perfect. Why can’t I ever meet a gentleman like him?”
Pierre turned toward her as he began walking away and gave her a big smile and a wink
A couple seconds later Pierre was walking toward the registration desk when a man walked up and introduced himself. “Excuse me,” he said. “I seem to be turned around. Would you be so kind as to direct me to the lecture hall?” 
Pierre said, “Well, I just got here myself and I don’t know where the lecture hall is, but the registration desk is right down this walkway and to the right, I think. I am going that direction myself, care to join me?”  
The other doctor smiled and thanked him. He said a little too loudly, “I would consider it an honor to walk with you. Where are you from my good man?” 
Pierre looked at the doctor and said, “Many places, but most lately from across the street at the Casa Del Mar Neptunia.” The doctor smiled and laughed slightly. 
“Of course you are,” he said jovially. He’d obviously visited the Brugal tent beforehand.
As they walked up to the registration desk the young lady there looked up and smiled. Pierre said, “Will you please be so kind as to register my friend … ”
He turned to his new friend with a question in his eyes. “Oh, I am Dr. Garcia.” Garcia said and held out his hand.
They shook hands and the girl looked down at the preregistered guest list and said, “Yes, yes, here it is ... Dr. Garcia, from Orlando, Florida. Sure, we are expecting you. Welcome sir.”  
Pierre said, “Oh, you are from Florida? Our gorgeous Sunshine State, huh?” 
Garcia looked at Pierre and said, “Yes sir, I am. And you? I mean other than from the hotel across the street?” 
Pierre felt a little nervous and confused, but just for a split second. He stumbled with his words and said, “Ah, well, I’m from Santo Domingo.” Dr. Garcia looked at Pierre curiously. 
Pierre recovered, “I had to think where I’m from because I am from New York, Port-au-Prince, Santo Domingo and a few other locations; depending on the chapter of my life. But, lately it is Santo Domingo.” 
“Oh, I see,” Dr. Garcia said. “I’ve had the same problem at different times in my life too.” Garcia looked at Pierre and asked, “First time at this conference? I don’t think I have ever seen you here before.”
“Yes,” Pierre answered and continued, “It's beautiful here, I would live here if I could.”
Garcia interrupted, “No I mean at this conference. How did you hear of the conference?”  
“I, uh, heard about it from a colleague,” he said as he adjusted his collar
“Are you sure?” 
“Of course, how else would I have heard of it?” “Man, I am not on my A-game tonight! Get it together Smi ... fuck! Pierre!”
“Gay life ...” Garcia said with a crooked smile. “It is a gay conference. Did you know that?”  
“Yes,” Pierre said. He looked about him at the other guests wondering how he had missed those signs. “Well that explains a lot!”
Garcia said, “Good, because I wondered if maybe you had just seen the action and wandered in.”
“No, I am here because I came to hear a specific speaker.” 
“Oh?” he said, his interest piqued. “And who is that.”
At that moment Pierre saw a title on the schedule; ‘How to Testify’. Pierre continued, “He writes about testimony under oath.”
“Oh, you must mean Dr. Andrews.”
“Yes, I couldn’t think of his name for a second there. Yes, Dr. Andrews.” He breathed a sigh of relief.  
Garcia gave a small smile and said, “I knew a Dr. Pierre years ago that also was from the United States and now works here. He was from New York, but I have not seen him in years. Shoot! It has been so long I probably wouldn’t recognize him if I did see him. He was a nice person though; volunteered in this country too if I remember correctly. But I really don’t remember all that much about him. Ever meet another Dr. Pierre in Santo Domingo?”
“No, can’t say I have.” Pierre said and in order to change the subject he quickly asked Garcia, “Where do you live? I know you live in Florida but I forgot what city?”  
He stopped and held out his hand and said, “I work in the Psychiatric Hospital for the Criminally Insane; in Orlando, Florida. I'm the director there. And how about you?” 
“Oh me, I'm … presently … from the Colonial Zone of Santo Domingo, and as you know, from New York before that. I worked in a clinic there, but now I'm semi-retired. I'm thinking of maybe going to Bermuda.”
“Really? That’s interesting … and so young!” Dr. Garcia remarked as he cocked his head, inviting further information with the gesture.
Pierre smiled and said, “Yes, I like the Islands so much, and I have an offer to work in a clinic there; as a director and a research department head.”   
Garcia nodded and, warming to the subject now, he answered, “I can tell you it is hard to find good doctors that want to work, especially in research. I’m sure they are lucky to get you.” 
Pierre smiled and said, “Yes, I suppose. I know the salaries are lower, but I am retired or almost anyway, so the money is not really an issue. I love research.”  
Garcia was curious. He said, “Even with the liberal laws they have in Florida it’s hard to find a good research professor. Most of them want to work in California where the psychiatric ‘climate’ is better.”
Pierre’s ears perked up and he asked, “What do you mean liberal laws?”
Garcia looked at him and before Garcia could answer, Pierre said, “Hey, before you answer that, how about we go to the bar and talk about it over a drink?”
Garcia brightened at this, “perfect, there are no lectures tonight, only registration and if you like Rum that is free.” 
“So what are we waiting for? Christmas?” Pierre laughed. 
They turned back towards the garden and Garcia asked Pierre, “Have you had the free Cuba Libres?”
“I had one a few minutes ago and they’re pretty good.”
However, Pierre wanted to avoid the beautiful girl at the Brugal Bar so when they walked down the hallway and he saw a small bar he steered Garcia inside. When they entered they found a small table toward the back. The bar was a softly lit Tiki Bar. Overhead fans were doing their job and the music was livelier than before. As they were sitting, Pierre asked loudly over the pulse of the Bachata music, “Ok, now what do you mean liberal laws?”
Garcia said, “Well in Florida, many times a doctor can get in through what is called the Fifth Pathway. It is not really any specific path, but accumulations of different ways a doctor can get a dispensary license without doing a residency or without passing the USMLE - or even both sometimes.” Pierre’s eyes widened at this. They both order Presidente Beers when the white shirted waiter stopped by.
Pierre looked at Garcia questioningly, “Fifth Pathway ... ? I’m sure I never heard of it.”  
Garcia waved his hand as if shooing a pesky fly. “HA! The licensing boards sure don’t boast of it because it shoots a hole in the theory that all MD’s have these incredibly high IQ’s and that their education is ‘second to none’. Actually, the real truth is that there are thousands of licensed MD’s out there that have substandard educations and have never even taken any licensure exams.”
Garcia continued, “For example, if a prison needs a doctor, the state can hire almost anyone and after three years, that person will get a state license with no tests. They count their work time as their residency. It’s the same at my facility.” They paused once again as their waiter sets two more icy cold Presidentes on fresh napkins. “Wow those look cold,” he said admiringly as he ran a fingernail down the icy layer of hoarfrost clinging to the dripping bottle. 
They clinked their bottles and each took a drink. “We are lucky to get an orderly let alone a doctor. And we would never be able to get one with any qualifications. So if we need a doctor, we have to hire a non-licensed foreign graduate that has never worked anywhere, has no experience and that could never pass any boards.”  
Pierre interrupted and asked, “And then; after only three years they would qualify for a license and then they can open their own private office?” Pierre could barely contain his incredulity at this.
“Yup,” Garcia said. “But on the other hand it is often very difficult for a non-licensed doctor to find a position because many foreign doctors are always applying. But you know how it is,” he leaned in and said, “it’s who you know and not what you know.” 
Pierre asked again, “So do you ever hire foreign doctors?” He picked up his napkin and wiped the table nonchalantly where his beer had left a wet ring. Garcia had one hundred percent of his attention.
“Oh yes, every few years we do. You know, as their three year license time is up and they realize they can go on their own we inevitably have to try to find another one. The problem for us is that we have to train them. We start over each time, re-teach them. Then, by the time their three years is up they finally know the system and then they leave. The poor patients really never get the care they deserve. It would be great if we could get someone like you; someone that wants to help heal the sick and would stay! We really need someone that is already knowledgeable in the areas of psychiatry.”
Pierre leaned over, his elbow on the table and got a little in Garcia’s space. He supported his chin with his hand and said, “That is very very interesting Doctor, I had no idea!” He shook his head in wonder.
Garcia looked back at Pierre, a little surprised at the intimacy. “Well, anyway, we really should get another cold beer. ‘Bien fria!’ as they say down here! They taste mighty good tonight.” He nudged Pierre, “must be the great company!”
“Yes, you are right,” Pierre laughed, “about the beer and the company!” 
Pierre said to himself with a big grin, “Well it looks like I'm going gay for a while. Haven’t played that game in a long time. But, that is why I get what I want, ‘cause I will do what it takes. Looks like I'm moving to Orlando too. Yeah, that would be perfect. I do love those patients, and it gets me closer to my loose ends again. I couldn’t have planned it better! Orlando here I come.” 


Chapter 32

The Jungle Drums of deepest Africa have nothing on the Coconut Telegraph of the Dominican Republic. News travels fast … especially good news.
Frank had been back in the states for almost two months when one of the seeds he had sewn on his last visit to the DR came to fruition. He received a call and when he saw the area code on his caller ID his heart skipped a beat. It seems his bribes had paid off. 
It was the bartender he’d had a conversation with on the stairway at the Hotel Mystic. She had news for him. Her cousin’s boyfriend’s uncle’s something-or-other was a cab driver and he had picked up a man who matched Campbell’s description several times. He had driven him to the Instituto de Dr. Reynaldo Pierre de Psicología. She was positive of the identification.
Frank was on the next flight out. “This sneaky fuck has a lot of balls.” 
As he entered the Santo Domingo Hospital for the Criminally Ill Frank thought, “He’s smart, but I’m smarter! Soon I will deliver his fucking gonads on a silver platter to David and he can have the pleasure of throwing darts at them; … and leave mine the fuck alone!”
Frank continued talking to himself as he walked toward where he thought the administrative offices were. At the end of the hall an old was man sweeping the floor. His broom had all the bristles bent in all the wrong directions. He swept from one side to the other and back again, moving the dirt from right to left; left to right without really accomplishing anything. “God, how old is that fucker,” Frank thought. “He looks like a cartoon of a person.” 
It was impossible to say what age he was. “How many years do you have old man?” He thought of the way Hispanics thought about age and had to agree it was better. It’s not how old you are; it’s how many years you have. 
Either way, this guy had some anos! His weathered features were old and wizened, but there was an unmistakable strength in his ropy arms. He gave Frank a toothless smile. The way his bald head on his skinny neck poked out of his over-sized shirt reminded Frank of a turtle. 
“Hi,” Frank said as he slowed and walked up to the man. The old man nodded his head and smiled back. He kept sweeping without missing a stroke. “Where can I find the waiting room?” Frank asked him. 
The old man just smiled and kept sweeping. Frank asked again, “where can I find the waiting room?” Turtle head smiled again and pointed to the bathrooms. Frank looked at him curiously when it dawned on him he must be a patient there. 
He smiled again and then looked up and said in broken English, “I don't speak much English, but if you want the bathrooms, they are there. But be careful not to put soap on your hands before you check to see if there is water or you will have to wipe the soap off on your pants and then you will not be allowed to eat. You know the water never works here. You have to remember that if you want to eat.” 
Frank laughed, surprised at this wealth of information. “Ok, I will be sure I remember that,”
The man repeated, “don’t put the soap on your hands until you check to see if the water works, but the water never works so why would you put soap on your hands?” He bent his head to his sweeping again, mumbling to himself and shaking his head at some sort of inner turmoil. 
“Thank you, sir,” Frank told him. He patted him lightly on the shoulder as he walked by him on down the hall. 
Frank heard footsteps ahead and a security guard rounded a corner. Frank stopped dead, his mouth popped open and his hands went up reflexively. The burly guy was carrying a fully automatic rifle in the shooting position and he gruffly asked Frank what he was looking for. “Easy buddy; tranquillo! I’m just looking for the receptionist.” 
The guard looked at Frank’s hands, and then down at his weapon. He nodded acquiesce, but said, “senor, this is no place to be running around alone; please follow me.”
 Frank shook his head and raised his hands again placatingly. “Yes, yes, I understand, I must have come in the wrong way. Please, can you lead the way?” He fell in step with the guard.
A couple minutes later, Frank was talking to a receptionist. “Hi, I´m looking for a good friend of mine.” He pulled out the picture of ‘Pierre’ again and showed it to the receptionist. 
“Oh,” she frowned and tugged nervously at the top button of her blouse. “That’s Dr. Campbell.” 
“Yes, yes … ‘Dr. Campbell’. He may be working here; or maybe he was working here. Perhaps you know him? He is my friend and I have some sad news for him.”
She looked away nervously and said, “He has not been here for almost a week. Do you have business with him?”  
“Oh, well yes I do. As I said, he is a friend of mine and I was hoping to meet him here because I have some news for him about his family.”   
She told him that he had gone with Dr. Pierre to Port-Au-Prince to help Dr. Pierre find his family. “They have not returned yet,” she finished.
“I hope they are ok,” Frank told her, watching her closely.
“Oh, I'm sure they are ... at least we hope so. Dr. Pierre is a pretty smart guy.” she continued.
Frank asked her, “Is there anyone here that may know where they might be staying? I know the area is terrible, since the earthquake and all. I just thought that there may be relatives there or a specific hotel they are staying at.”  
“I'm sorry, I’m not sure. All I know is that they left pretty much right after the earthquake. Let’s see, that was Friday wasn’t it? So they probably left Saturday morning and we have not heard anything since then. You might want to speak with Nurse Nadia. She spent most of the time with the two doctors. She may be able to help you.”
“Thanks, how do I find her?” 
“She is in her office. I will see if she will see you.”   
She had to use the eraser end of a pencil to dial because of her ridiculously long fingernails. Frank marveled at these and imagined her tickling his cock with them. He grinned. She pushed a few buttons on the phone and a loud squeal erupted. She quickly slammed the phone receiver down and the squeal stopped. Frank heard a voice on speaker say, “Yes?”   
“Nurse Nadia, can you hear me?”
“Barely,” the voice said.
“There is a man out front here that wants some information about Dr. Campbell and Dr. Pierre.” 
The voice returned, mixed with a loud squeal and said, “What? There is a what? A salesman that wants what?” 
“No, there is a man here that is a friend of Dr. Campbell’s and ...”  
The voice came back and Frank heard, “Oh, a friend of Dr. Campbell’s; please send him right in Christina … wait a minute, on second thought, tell him to please wait. I will come out in a few minutes. I'm trying to call Dr. Pierre now, but all the land lines are still down and he is not answering his cell.” 
Christina looked up and said, “these old phones need to be thrown in the garbage. I personally think it is easier to just walk over to the door fifteen feet away and knock; but she is the boss.” She was in flirt mode.
Frank grinned back at her, “Um, excuse me, but I was wondering if you could tell me how long Dr. Campbell has worked here?”
Nurse Nadia’s door opened and she stepped out into the hall. Overhearing the question she said, “Not long, he just started a research program here through the PSYCHIATRIST UNITED WAY. Why don’t you come in and have a seat,” she said as she held the door for him. 
She followed as he walked in and motioned for him to sit in an old worn out chair in front of a huge old metal desk. “Please, sit, uh, Mr …
“Frank, you can call me Frank.” Frank sat and continued, “I am looking for my friend, Dr. Campbell.” 
“Okay, that much I gathered.” She replied.
Frank said, “May I show you a photo of my friend so you can tell me if I have the correct person? I showed it to your receptionist and she said it was him. But after all, Campbell is a common name in the US and I would hate to come all this way and find out that I am finding the wrong Dr. Campbell.”   
Frank held up the photo. “Oh, yes, that is him. He is so handsome and such a nice person. Everyone here; all the females especially, loved seeing him. You know we all wondered why he wanted to work here and how such a nice, kind, and loving person could stay single all these years too. 
“Oops, I’m sorry, that is probably more information than you wanted, right. You know? … well of course you do ... you are his friend ... you know that he has opportunities all over the world to work and do his research. It was amazing that he wanted to research here.
Anyway, he’s gone for now. He graciously went with Dr. Pierre to Haiti to help find Dr. Pierre’s family after the earthquake there.” 
Frank nodded. “What was he doing here? I’m just being curious. We have been friends for years and I have always been amazed at his ability to help.” 
“He was working with our psychiatric and trauma patients doing research with head traumas and emotional problems. He had one patient that he had spent more time with than most. It is a shame though; the young lady that he prided himself died just minutes before he left with Dr. Pierre.  It was very strange.  She had a  ruptured blood vessel in her frontal sinus that caused a hematoma in her brain.  It looked like it was traumatically induced, but there is no way she would have been subjected to any trauma.  The report says she hit herself in the nose in a way as to force the cartilage up into the cavity.  She could barely open her eyes; how she could do that is a mystery.   They are saying she hay have fallen out of the bed. 
 She stifled a sob and had to get it out. “Her name was Maria. She was a nice girl, but with a lot of problems. Dr. Campbell always spent more time with her than with any of the others. He told us that she was making good progress. 
“He asked that we not talk to her without him being in the room because he did not want us to bring up the wrong memories of the past. He feared that it might upset her and cause a setback. Dr. Pierre told us that we were fortunate to have Dr. Campbell and that we should respect his research and allow him to do as he wanted.” 
Frank listened very intently and as she paused he asked, “Do you know what the research was?”
“Well not exactly. As I said, something about post traumatic effects of sub-dural hematomas and hyper amounts of medications. 
“I do know that Maria was taking lots of meds and that the doctor seemed to think she was improving - although, I must admit, I did not see much improvement.”
“Subdural hematomas?” Frank asked.  
“You know, head injuries where the blood pools and causes brain damage,” she answered.
“Oh,” Frank said, “so this young lady had brain damage.” 
“Yes. All the patients here have some sort of brain damage. Most, like her, had emotional problems too.”  
“Did she die from a complication due to the initial head-injury?” 
“No, that is the funny thing.” Her face reddened and she covered her mouth with a delicate hand. “Oh! Please excuse me! You know what I meant … of course nothing is funny about someone dying. As I said before,  It was the day the doctors left. Dr. Campbell told one of the nurses to give her her meds at the normal time. When she went into the room to give the meds, Maria was sleeping and was hard to wake up. The nurse force fed the meds and it wasn’t much later when she died. It looked as if she overdosed at first, but the nurse had given her the same amount she always took.  The final report shows a traumatic hematoma if the frontal region.”  
Franks asked, “Was an autopsy done or any lab work or just a quick exam?”
She smiled sadly and shook her head, “Oh no, we don't have the money for anything like an autopsy.”
“Do you think anyone else could have given her any meds before the nurse or come by just after?” 
“No, the only person to see her that day was Dr. Campbell. He saw her twice that day before he left to go home and get ready to leave for Haiti.”  
“That’s sad; it’s just too bad. Does Dr. Campbell know of her death?”  
“I doubt it, he has not returned since she died, and, well, you know, the phones … ”
Nurse Nadia continued, “Actually, I am beginning to get worried about Dr. Campbell and Dr. Pierre. They went to Port-Au-Prince right after the earthquake to see if they could help Dr. Pierre’s family. They live there as missionaries and Dr. Pierre had not heard from them since the earthquake.” She balled up a small fist and held it to her quivering lip. And now, I have not heard from either of them since they crossed into Haiti. And that is not like Dr. Pierre. We have worked together for years and he knows what a worry-wart I am. I do wish he would call. So Mister ... er, Frank …  
He smiled and nodded encouragement.
“Well Frank, how else can I help you?”   
“Please listen to what I have to tell you. It is not nice. Maybe you should sit down. 
First, I must tell you that your friend, Dr. Campbell is not so nice, and he is not a dedicated worker.” 
“But he spent hours with our patients and especially with Maria ... ” she cried.
“Yes, you told me about Maria. Overdose and trauma, correct?”
“Yes; that was so sad and quick. Poor Dr. Campbell will be so upset when he hears about her death. He really took a personal interest with her. He personally gave her all her exams, tests, meds and counseling. But that is research, you know, … all you can do is make the study and watch.”  
“Have you seen documentation; charts or anything else that might show that he was actually doing research and not here for some other reason?”
She hesitated, “Well, no, now that you mention it ... ” Her eyes widened. “Just what are you getting at sir?”
“I thought as much,” Frank said motioning again for her to sit back down. “Nurse Nadia, please listen to what I am about to tell you, but first I need to ask you a few questions.”  
She wrung her hands and paced, but pulled out her desk chair and sat. “OK. Yes; I suppose I must. What do you want to know about?” She chewed a thumb. 
“Well for starters, did you verify the credentials of ‘Dr. Campbell’?”
She didn’t like the way he said the name. “Well, yes, I mean, kinda; … well actually we are still waiting for them. Dr. Campbell assured me that the delay was because his superiors in the PUW are in the midst of a corporate move. He told me that the files have all been archived and until the move is finished; from New York to New Jersey you know; the files are buried and that it would be impossible to retrieve them.
“Oh!” she said as reality dawned on her. A look of dread passed over her face and her eyes widened even more. “He said that the minute he heard things were back to normal he would get them. And you know, we are always so busy here, and … and I just … ” She pumped her fists in her lap, disgusted with herself. “How could I …?” She sat up. “I remember he said something about how the nonprofit tax structure was better in New Jersey than it is in New York … and that the move could take a couple more months … Oh it seemed so legitimate!” Her stomach roiled with the thought that she may have been duped.
Frank shook his head sadly and said, “So can I assume that you did not see any real credentials?”  
She looked more than worried now and sighed resignedly, “Well not the originals, … but notarized copies?” She tried to cling to a morsel of hope, but it faded fast.
“Yeah? Notarized by whom?” Frank responded and looked at her, truly distressed for her. He thought, “God, people just don’t ever know how evil this world can be.”
Nurse Nadia looked up slowly at Frank and admitted, “I’m not sure.” She was shaking her head and chewing on her thumb in earnest now. “Mister… I mean Frank, I thought Dr. Campbell was a friend of yours. You sound more like a cop than a frien.”d … ”
“Nurse Nadia, I want to tell you something that you should know. I'm not really Dr. Campbell’s friend. As a matter of fact I have not even met him. I'm actually a private investigator. I have been hired by a gentleman in Florida. We have reason to believe that Dr. Campbell killed my employer´s wife and fled down here to change his identity.”
“Oh Dios mio,” Nurse Nadia practically squeaked as she crossed herself. “That can't be; … please don’t let that be! That is impossible!”
Frank waited for her to compose herself and then pursued further, “I know that you did not see any of his research papers but did you ever see any of his notes, records or any prior writing … anything that might help me get a lead on him?”
“Not exactly. I mean he flashed a few articles in front of me; read a little from them and told me of his prior research.”
“So you never actually verified anything.”
Nurse Nadia was very upset now and had a hard time talking, “Well, yes, no, … I tried, but it is so hard here, you know? I, uh, oh God! No, I did not! I just trusted … Oh my God, oh my God, what have I done? He would come in and tell me that he spoke with his superiors and that he was informed that the move of the corporate office was nearing completion and that he would soon have all the papers I needed; and he seemed so …” 
“Nurse Nadia, please get hold of yourself. You couldn’t help it! He is a professional at this kind of thing. A con artist! He knows how to use and manipulate people. Believe me, you were no match for him! 
“Now, please tell me about Dr. Pierre. Would you have any photos of him?” 
“That’s his portrait over there on the wall.” Frank’s heart traded places with his stomach. The resemblance was uncanny. 
He heard her say, “He has been here for years and he is my good friend. He is originally from New York. He came here from Haiti. He had lived there with his parents for years. They are … were missionaries there.” Her eyes welled with tears and one rolled down her cheek and fell on her clenched arm. They lived in Port-Au-Prince.
“That’s where they went … He and Dr. Campbell went there to see if Dr. Pierre could find his family. I get confused over who lives in New York and who lives in Haiti. They come and go, but his parents live there most of the time. They are getting older now so they do not go to New York as often.”
Frank listened. When she stopped talking he was looking at her. He said nothing for a few heartbeats. With a sad look he told her. “Nurse Nadia, I am convinced that Dr. Campbell is a cold-blooded killer. Without knowing the young girl that he supposedly was studying here, I would bet he killed her. He killed my boss's wife and has probably killed Dr. Pierre. Have you heard anything? Anything at all from Dr. Pierre?”  
“NO!” she exclaimed, the panic rising. “No, nothing.”  
“Have you tried to contact him”?    
“Yes, many times.”
“When did you last hear from him?”
“Right before they entered Port-Au-Prince.” She looked at her desk calendar. “Yes, here it is, let’s see, that horrible earthquake was January 12th. I remember it perfectly because that was a Friday. That’s the day we get our pharmaceutical delivery. I was checking it in when a nurse came running in and told me. He said it was terrible and so we turned on the TV and it was just incredible.
She got hold of herself and returned to her calendar. “So Dr. Pierre and Dr. … er, Campbell … ” She looked up questioningly. “They left early on Saturday … and today is the eighteenth so … ”
Frank rubbed his chin. “So, about six days ago or so.” He shook his head and tut-tutted. “And then basically, you lost contact?”
“Well, yes ... I mean the phones and … ”
Frank leaned over the desk and said calmly, “From what I hear, many cell phones do work there. Even on CNN they show the Haitians using cells.” 
“Yes I know, I wondered about that … but it was spotty wasn’t it?” She rocked back and forth, her nails chewed to the quick now.
“I hate to bring you bad news, I really do, but I would not expect to see Dr. Pierre again.” Her body shook as she broke down. He rose and came around the desk and patted her on her shoulder. She leaned into him. 
She was stunned and crying hard, sobbing uncontrollably now, “I-I-I don’t know what to sa-a-y. I’m in shock.” She stopped rocking for a second, thinking hard. “Do you have any proof he killed these other people?”
“No, but I will. I have been following him since he killed my boss’s wife in Florida and I can tell you that he has many names and many faces.”
Her eyes widened with a new thought and she sucked a breath of air, “What will you do when you meet up with him?”
“I’m not sure, but it will not be pretty.” He paused for a second, maybe trying to convince himself. “Please, can you get me the names of Dr. Pierre's family, their address or any information I can use? I guess I'm going to Port-Au-Prince. I’d like to search his office too if I may.”
“Why yes; but of course. But can I see your passport first?” He chuckled; she was not one to repeat mistakes he could see. 
“Good idea,” he concurred.
She looked it over and then scanned a copy of it into her computer; even going so far as to email it to some unknown soul. She nodded an affirmation to herself as she handed it back. “If you will wait out front I will give all the information I have to my secretary and she will bring it to you.”
“Thanks, I’ll …”
She interrupted him, remembering something else. “Oh, you’re welcome ... I mean ... oh, I don't know what I mean.” She was obviously disgusted with herself again. “Frank, uh, before you go, this may be of interest to you. I was told that Dr. Pierre's house was broken into the other day and his computer and many personal items and such were taken. Do you think … ?”
“I sure do. Where does he live? Maybe I will not have to go to Port-Au-Price after all … maybe he is still here or somewhere close by. You say the computer was taken too?”
“Yes, I'll get you that address too. Do you think he would steal only items that prove someone else’s ID?”
“As I said before, Dr. Campbell has been many people in the past. Maybe our Dr. Campbell is now Dr. Pierre and is in Santo Domingo, or at least still in the Dominican Republic.”
“Oh my God!” Nurse Nadia said as she noticed her shaking hands. “Oh my God. This is all my fault! How stupid I am … How horribly-horribly stupid. I may have killed Maria and Dr. Pierre. I killed my friend and a patient, Oh-o-o! No, no, no-o-o!” she moaned.




Chapter 33

“Knock, knock,” Joe whispered as he quietly opened the hospital room door. “Sherine honey, it’s Joe. I’m here with your mom.”  They both entered slightly. 
Sherine looked up in a daze. She took a few moments, rubbing her eyes and suddenly screamed, “My mom! Oh God, my mom. Evon, what in the hell are you doing here?” She shook violently as she twisted the sheets in her hands.  Evon turned and stepped back into the hallway with a nod from Joe. 
Joe was taken by surprise. Evon was not.  She had expected something like that to happen.   Joe walked towards the bed and he grabbed Sherine’s hand while leaning over her, hugging her, and he tried to sooth her, rocking back and forth, “Sh-sh-sh, baby, it’s ok … I’m here … Sherine honey, I thought you would love to see her.”  
Sherine pushed Joe away and scooted as far away on the bed as she could and screamed, “Yeah over my dead body!” Her face contorted into a Kubota mask. After a pause she continued, “I'm her mom, I'm here. She drifted back into a  trance  that lasted for a few seconds and then waking up some she silently said to Joe.... “I’m so confused.” Joe wrung his hands and paced back and forth in front of her.
“Oh Joe, I’m sorry! I was not thinking straight, I – I was dreaming! Where is she?”
Joe’s look was a mixture of relief and wonder. “She is standing in the hallway waiting for me to tell her it’s okay for her to come in. She wanted to give us a moment alone.”
Sherine, took a breath and said “Yes Joe, I’m sorry! I would love to see her; I've missed her so … it was just the dream honey. I’m alright now.”
Joe started to tell her that he would call her in but Evon had stuck her head around the door. She walked in when Joe beckoned her forward. Sherine said in a voice so unwelcoming Joe was again flummoxed. “Hi ‘Mom’.”
Sherine turned to Joe and sweetly said, “Joe honey, can I have a moment with my mom in private please? I want to tell her how much I’ve missed her. It’s been a long time since I’ve seen her and I’m afraid I might lose it and I do not want you to be here if I do. You can understand, right?”   
“Yes of course, I understand.” Joe agreed; not understanding at all. He walked to the door and opened it, then turned, “I had imagined you would be overwhelmed to see your mom since it’s been such a long time.”
He stepped out and the door closed slowly behind him. Sherine looked up as her mother came hesitantly closer. She dared as far as the foot of the bed. “Listen ‘mom’, I don’t know what in hell you are doing here but you had better not blow it for me. Joe is rich, successful, and powerful. Not to mention good looking. And he loves me mom. And I actually love him. Got it?” Evon stood still nodding her head like a yes-man to his capo.
“For the first time in my life I actually love someone and if you ruin it for me I will kill you. Don't say anything about my past, got it?”
Evon looked at Sherine and immediately defaulted to denial mode again, “Oh Sherine, what are talking about?”
Sherine slapped the bed covers along her thigh. “Still the same; aren't you Mom? Pulling the same old denial Bull Shit!” Sherine hissed. 
“I don’t know what you mean Sher … !”  
“Drop it Mom! Just fucking drop it … That’s right; you heard me! You just be sure to keep up that BS smile and living in your dream world. Not a fucking word to Joe! 
“Where is Paul, or Pete, or whatever the hell his name is?”
Evon smiled now; glad to change the subject. She tried to rub Sherine’s feet but Sherine quickly moved them, tucking them under her. “It’s Paul honey. He is at the hotel waiting for me.”  
Sherine stared at her mom with a look that could kill. “Good, I’m not ready to bullshit two people now. Joe is enough. Call him in; and remember, you had better not say anything that will mess up this relationship. I will marry him and I will love him.”  “And his money?”   “Mom!!!”   “Oh Sherine, I only want the best for you.”  
Evon looked at Sherine; eyes wide with feigned innocence, “Now honey I really have no idea what you are talking about. I have always wanted what is best for you.”  “I wish I could believer that.”
Evon looked at Sherine as if she was surprised and said, “Now Sherine, you are not feeling good, you need your sleep.”
Sherine took a few seconds to slowly get out of her bed. She tried to sit on the chair in the room but in her weakened state she missed the edge and nearly fell to the floor. She grabbed the edge of the chair and caught herself as she fell back, collapsing like a rag doll. She sat breathing hard for a few seconds and then looked at Evon and said again, “You taught me good Mom, so back off now and don’t do anything that will change my life.”  “Sherine, honey, I really do not understand your attitude.” 
Evon looked at Sherine and said, “Oh, by the way. His name is Paul; you know, my husband.  Since we are letting it all out immediately, I will tell you what I think you want to tell me. If you ruin my relationship with Paul I will kill you, got it? Don’t think you are the only one capable of that! I’ll kill you when you least expect it! I’ll kill you when you are in one of your drunken stupors!” Her face was so deformed even Sherine was stopped in her tracks. 
Both women stared at each other for a long time; their ragged breathing subsiding. At some unknown mutual signal they slowly nodded at each other.  Sherine shed a tear again from her right eye as Evon stared and grinned.
“Well then.” Evon continued almost evenly now, “Since we are talking about it, I see you are still taking drugs. Don’t you think Joe will get tired of you always being drunk?”
Sherine smiled and said, “Mom, I have the power over men that you so lovingly taught me and he loves me and I drown him in my love and I will screw him into ecstasy.” 
Then it was Evon’s turn to smile, “Honey, now that we understand each other let’s get to know each other’s new rich lover.”  
Evon opened the door and called for Joe, “Joe, my dear, your lovely fiancé would love to see your lovely smiling face now. She loves you so much and needs you by her side.”
An embarrassed Joe said, “Thanks Evon, I am so glad you are here. I know she missed you so much. She always tells me how much she misses you and that she has been looking forward to your visit.” Joe leaned over and gave Evon a gentle kiss on her cheek. As he started to pull away Evon cradled his head in her hands and pulled him back down. She kissed him on the forehead and said, “Joe, you have no idea how much we love each other; even though we have not seen each other for some time.”
“Oh I know the love you both have for each other Evon. Distance is not a barrier when there is sincere love.” 
Evon smiled and walked back over to Sherine, “Sherine I love you and I am so glad I can tell you that. It hasn’t always been easy on us; especially after your father left.”
Sherine shot her a warning look. She tried to stand up again. Joe grabbed her and told her to stay in the chair. She smiled up at him. “Oh Joe, I'm so glad to have you here and my mom too. Thank God I have such wonderful people here with me. It's so nice. Joe” She slumped back in her seat and continued dreamily. “When I was almost dead I kept seeing you drifting away Joe. I could not touch you, speak to you or hear you; only see you drifting away. I was so scared!
“Joe I want to get married right now, right here. I don't want to lose you. Will you do that for me? Will you Joe?”
Joe looked at Sherine and said, “Sherine whatever you want. I'll call my secretary and she will get all the legal papers done and we can be married as soon as possible if that will make you happy. We’re in the right place for our blood tests,” he joked.”
Sherine started at this but quickly recovered, “Oh Joe; that will be so nice. Where is Michelle?” 
He held her hand and said, “She will be here any moment. They are finalizing the reports to release her. And, while they do this, she is actually talking to the police.”
Joe looked deeply into Sherine’s eyes, “And my dear, I will marry you today; right here, and love you forever. But please,” he laughed, “if you ever celebrate in the future, do it with me and only me! No more drinking like that! You know you cannot do that, your tolerance … uh, … well, you scared the life out of me!” His eyes were bright with happiness.
He included Evon in his hug and said, “Sherine will be so happy to have her mom nearby. She has truly missed you so much! And, we are really looking forward to meeting Paul. 
 “Soon this whole event will be over and we will all be celebrating the wedding with a great family reunion on our yacht … ” Neither Sherine or Evon missed the significance of the ‘our’. “ … on our way to the Bahamas!”
The door banged open and Michelle was wheeled in. She had several dressings covering her scrapes and scratches. Her wrists were almost all yellowed bruises from where she’d been held down so brutally. She looked at the blissful trio and just smiled. Then they all chattered on happily.

“With the power invested in me by the State Of Florida I now pronounce you man and wife. You may now kiss the bride … gently.” The notary said.
As Joe leaned over to kiss his bride, Sherine sucked in a gasp. She pushed Joe’s head to the side and grunted painfully, “Wait a second Joe!” And she doubled over in pain holding her head in both hands. “Nurse,” She screamed, “Agh, the pain! I need more meds.”


Chapter 34

Frank was back in his hotel room and decided to call Mike, his computer guru. He had Dr. Pierre’s email address and a couple other leads he felt he could put to good use. He put the call on speaker phone so he could take notes. 
After the small talk he said, “Hey Mikey, I have a dumb question for you. Can I track an IP address on a computer to get a physical address? You know, specifically I need to know when it was logged in to a new address? I mean when it was last logged on and has acquired a new IP address … and where by the way?”
Mike answered, “Well, there are ways of locating where a computer is, generally. But whoever you’re chasing would have to be an idiot to use the computer if you’re looking for him.”
Frank laughed, “Hey, who says I am chasing anyone? It’s not really ‘chasing’ if a guy leaves trails so big a bulldozer could fit in it.”    
“Ok,” Mike said, “so who are you not chasing?”    
“You know that Dr. Pierre, the research doctor I told you about?” 
“Yes, the one that lived in Haiti that went to find his family, right? I remember you talking about him. He was originally from New York, right?”  
“Yes, that’s him.” Frank popped some fresh pineapple in his mouth and talked through the chewing. It was as sweet as simple syrup. “Yeah, he’s gone missing and I need to locate him”
“Well, let’s see, if he has been working on research with any of several websites, we should be able to track him. If anyone logs on to a computer at any time and uses any one of a number of programs that run in the back ground, the computer will report back to the main server; … not only where they are, but also when they logged on. It will report the specific city location, as well as other basic information like the time and user name.”
“Really,” Frank said perking up now. “So what do I do next?”   “Look online at a few websites; try Seti-At-Home, or maybe Folding-At-Home first and then there is always Lojack for Laptops. You know like the car. If he had that, you can find him in a few seconds with no effort.”  
“Thanks Mike, you always come through.”  
“Hey what are friends for?”
“Mike, this guy has been so sloppy up to now why would he get any harder to find?”   
“He probably doesn’t know such a smart guy like you knows an even smarter guy like me!” Mike teased. “Good luck and call me if you need anything else.
“Will do Mikey! Thanks!” Frank switched off the speaker phone and sat back in his chair. He chewed another piece of the sweet fruit. “I’ll find you my little pretty!” he thought to himself.
A few minutes later Frank looked up Seti-At-Home. He found out the codes for locating computers and there it was. The computer had been used in a city called Las Terrenas. It was on the Samana Peninsula on the northern coast of the Dominican Republic. “This guy is an idiot!” Frank thought to himself, “A real minor leaguer. Well it looks like I´m going to Las Terrenas. But first I´ll call David to give him an update on my progress, he´ll be very happy.”
Frank hit the button on the phone again and dialed the United States. When David answered Frank said “David, Frank here. I´m sure I found him.”
“Take me off that fucking speaker-phone; you know I hate that shit,” David barked; always Mr. Nice Guy.
Frank hit the button and listened for a second “… Yeah, he´s in the north of the country. … Yea, I´ll leave in the morning. He´s an idiot David, his trails are easier to follow than bread crumbs. Of course when you have a genius like me … No, I’m not sure where he is staying yet, but I looked up the town and it is really small. … Yeah, it’s sort of land-locked. It is surrounded by mountains. The pictures make it look like a village in Hawaii or something. ... yeah, it should not take more than a couple hours to get there, I’ll leave early. I´ll call you when I´m there and give you another update. Get ready to throw some darts.” Frank laughed and said, “Yes, I’ll cut them off clean so you can mount them. … Got it, call you tomorrow.”  
Frank started to hang up but he heard more talking. “David, are you still there? I didn’t catch that.”  
“Yes, … Oh, what? … No, he doesn’t know me at all. …”
He heard David say, “Don´t let him know that you are there. Find a way to talk to him without him knowing anything about you and who you are. Let´s watch him for awhile and find out what he is doing and why he is doing whatever he is doing. Who knows? Maybe we can use him or have some fun with him. We own him and he doesn’t even know it. A guy like that is always up to something. This may be an asset we can use in the future. 
“Just do what you do best Frank. Keep an eye on him, play with him and maybe even play friendly with him and have a couple drinks. You know what to do. Keep him in sight and let´s see what he´s all about.”   
“Okay,” Frank nodded, “I’ll work him out and see what he is made of, but remember, David, he’s no pro, but he is sneaky … and dangerous.” 
“Well, you’re dangerous too, and you have the advantage since he doesn’t know you. Just b e careful and be smart and get me what I want!” 
 “Gotcha. Adios”  
“Frank,” Frank sat up at David’s tone and stopped chewing, “that market there in the Dominican Republic is ripe. You know for our business. I’ve done some talking to a few good friends and that country has no underground web. We may need you, you know what I mean? You play your cards right here Frank, …”he let the bait drift.
“Yup, sure do, David, sure do.” 
“It´s only a rag tag band of locals that run the show there and the show is really small, so far. Who knows … maybe we can test the waters with our new friend and see what price he will pay to live a little longer. You know, do a market survey.”
“Very cool,” Frank says, “I like it and I get to enjoy paradise while we do the survey.”
“Ok Frank, be cool and just keep an eye on him while I make a few more calls to see how we can use our new friend before he pays the piper. 
“I´ll call tomorrow when I arrive in Las Terrenas. Adios.” Frank clicked off this time and tossed the phone on the coffee table. He stabbed another piece of yellow fruit and tapped it against the side of the bowl watching the nectar pool. He held his other hand under it as he guided it in his mouth and munched contentedly. “That David is a smart fucker all right. He’ll use that guy like toilet paper, then throw him in the pot and flush him down the drain!” He slipped his shirt over his head. “A nice hot shower is what I need, and then it’s a night on the town for this ol’ boy!”



Chapter 35

“Hey Michelle, please answer the door, will you? It’s probably Mom, she called and said she was coming over.”  
Michelle stopped dead in her tracks and turned to Sherine. Her jaw fell open and she stared at her bug-eyed. “You’ve got to be fucking kidding me Sherine. Why the fuck is she coming over today?”  
“Oh, I know, sorry! I told her she could see the house. She wants to see what I married into. Come on Michelle, she is our mom and besides she is better now that she has Paul and his money. If you didn’t know her from the past you’d almost think she was ok ... sort of,” she grinned. “Please be nice.”
Michelle gave Sherine a disgusted look and shook her head, “Those pills you conned the doctors into giving you must be working overtime. Otherwise you would be the one I would have to hold back from killing Mom!”
“Yeah, I know, they’re pretty sweet! Michelle relax, she will only be here for a few minutes.”  
“Well I wish you’d give me some!” Michelle said as she stomped over to the door, “Okay, I’ll answer the door and let her in, but if she starts talking like she is perfect and we need to find God or anything I may have to kill her myself.”
Michelle opened the door and as expected, there is Evon, dressed like she’s worth a million bucks. Michelle looked at her and said, “Mom what are you dressed for, a party?” 
Evon laughed as she stepped through Sherine’s ten foot tall front door. She walked in a bit further and turned around slowly, “Wow … Sherine, Joe sure has a castle. I mean … well, damn! This is way beyond what I thought when you told me.” 
Sherine smiled and touched the wall next to her possessively. She rubbed it slightly and said, “Mom, you mean, what we have. And I love him and he loves me!”  
“We?” Evon says. … 
“Yea Mom, did you frget? I’m married, I have a marriage certificate that says, you know … fifty-fifty.” 
Evon looked at Sherine and said, “Come on Sherine. Wise up. With Florida law, you have to be with him for a while before you get fifty percent.” 
Sherine was too happy and too proud to rise to the bait, “Mom, you taught me well. Do you think the biggest lawyer in Central Florida wants his pretty little lady screaming negative things to the press and them digging in his life? And I keep telling you, I love him. 
“I actually have times when I am happy now, … finally.” She got serious, “So don’t start Mom! Please stop being yourself and stop trying to ruin it for me again. It may not be fifty-fifty yet, but it sure will be … millions! I can easily tie him up for a while and get a bunch.” She stopped herself and stood tall. “Besides, I do not need to think that way now. He and I are perfect for each other.  
“He loves me and I want to love him. I am not doing what you taught me to do all those years! Because I don’t have to! Can’t you just be happy for me?”   
Evon looked at Sherine scrupulously, “and you are saying Please now.  How nice.”  She continued in her very sweet and innocent voice, “Why Sherine, what are you talking about? I taught you to be a good church going young lady. I have no idea what you are talking about. And I am happy for you!”  
“Mom, you know what the hell I mean ... ”  “Did I strike a cord”?  “Oh, Sherine, you need to get over Smitty!” Evon interrupted. “That was years ago.”   
Michelle jumped up knocking over her drink on the marble coffee table. She got in Sherine’s face and said, “See, I told you that she would come here with her holier-than-thou attitude and act as if she’s perfect, … like she never did anything wrong!” 
Evon quickly picked up the spilled glass. “Now Michelle you need to understand that I did not know … ”
Michelle screamed, “Know what, Mom? That he was crazy in every way possible and that he was dangerous and might have killed us at any moment.  Talk about an emotional roller coaster. What about after we heard what he had done.    Did that make any difference to you?  No.  You pretended everything was perfect.” 
Silence fell on the room as all three glared at each other. Evon looked at them both, “Now girls, let’s please move on from this. That was so long ago. It is time for you both to grow up.”    
Sherine sighed. This was too much, even for her drug mellowed mood, “Mom I grew up living with a killer that you made me love and fear when I was too young to know what was happening.  I  grew up scared and full of hate.  I have wanted revenge my whole life, but now I only want Joe.” She slumped down on the couch and wrapped her arms around a pillow.
Evon said, “And you’ve got him honey! I like Joe. I do feel sorry for the loveable sap, but I do like him …, God, if he only knew … ”  
This was too much. Sherine cut in and said, “Knew what, Mom? That my mom brought home a killer and told us he was our new loving father and that we all lived in fear mixed with a sparse amount of love for years so you could pretend we had a normal life? And what about the money?  We went through all of that only to find that he had taken every penny we would ever have, every.”  
“No, I was going to say, that if he knew his wife is a bipolar drug addict.” Evon smiled as if Sherine and Michelle were praising her for all the good things she had done all their lives.  
Sherine stared at Evon, incredulous “Come on Mom, anything else to say? You’ve never been one to hold back, … unless you had something to gain!”  
“Yeah, I see you are drinking already, what is it noon? Good girls, you made it all the way till noon.”    
“Mom shut up or get out. I will do exactly what I want now. I don’t care what you say or think. It is finally my time to do what I want and if I want to get smashed at noon I will. If I want to tease the pool guy I will!” She lowered her voice and stared straight at Evon and threatened, “And if I want to really play with your emotions like you have done to me for years I will.   So where is Paul?”  
Evon stood up and grabbed the empty glass, threatening, “You stay away from him! He’s mine and he thinks you are a sweet young lady and I want it to stay that way!” She looked at the glass in her hand, surprised. She regained her composure and set it back on the table.  “yup, he is yours. Smitty was yours too, not ours, but yours.”
Sherine laughed, “Mom, if I didn’t care so much about Joe I'd  be sure Paul knows how you smile and take and take.  I shared you with that  killer-devil  my entire life. I am still sharing my life with you and the devil and I am not able to do anything about it. But now we are loose ends.  You know.  The calls keep coming.”
Evon looked sadly at Sherine and said, “I thought I taught you better. I tried to ... ”
“Mom you taught us to get what we can, take what we can and move on.  Sound familiar? And we are all still paying for your greed.”
“Come on Sherine, I didn’t know, I DID-NOT-KNOW!”  “Know what? That he was a killer, mentally and physically, almost like you, except as far as I know you have not killed anyone.  He got what he wanted and we are lucky he did not kill us all.” 
Sherine screamed, “You are still in denial. Why did you come back into our lives? You should have stayed where ever you were and not come back.”  
“And you Sherine, you need to grow up, you are a grown lady. Grow up and move on.”  
“Is that all you can ever say? I am tired of hearing that I should move on. I have moved on! But I will get even some day with you and that monster before he kills us all.”
“Sherine, stop it, stop!” Evon stepped toward her and wrapped her arms around her. Sherine fought but was too sedated. She tucked her head into Evon's chest and sobbed.
Michelle screamed, “I have had enough. I’m going to meet Spinner at his house, screw him and see if he has anything to say that I want to hear … like maybe he has a fucking job!”
“Michelle you have to stay away from him. He is not worth anything and will only cause you problems.” Evon stood back up.
Michelle turned and pointed her finger at her mother, “He saved me from the devil and you had better shut up and drop the subject.” She, turned to Sherine and asked, “Where’s that vodka, I want a couple shots before I leave.”
“Me too,” Sherine said “And I want to go with you to see Spinner.” She turned serenely to Evon and said, “Mom it’s time for you to leave.”  
Evon looked aghast, but she huffed and picked up her purse and walked toward the door. She opened it slightly and paused for a moment as if she wanted to say something else. She banged her head a couple times softly on the door frame. She started to open her mouth but Sherine said, “Just leave for now Mom. We will call you. Maybe we can go to lunch someday soon.”  
Her shoulders slumped and she sighed deeply but she stepped out. Sherine walked over and closed the door. She looked at Michelle and started to bite her arm just above her bicep. She bit hard and this time she punctured the skin deeply. Michelle shook her head and grabbed her. “Sherine, knock that shit off! You are fucking crazy! I’m beginning to believe that you will kill Smitty someday … if you ever get the chance!”  
Sherine spit out the blood from her mouth and said, “I will torture him slowly first, and then kill him, just like he has done to me all these years.” She licked a drop of blood from the corner of her mouth. 
Michelle looked at Sherine and said, “Look, I told you that Mom is a witch and will do nothing but destroy you and I … and Joe … and everything else she fucking touches!”
“Yeah, you are right.” She said looking at her arm and wondering how that happened. “OK, let’s go and see Spinner. Get me a paper towel will ya please?” She looked again at the blood on her arm and said, “Maybe we can have one last good time again with him and that may make me happy. Joe will not be home for four or five hours.”  
Michelle grabbed the paper towels and the gin bottle out of the kitchen as Sherine dug through her purse to be sure she had her medication. She looked at Michelle and said, “I’m not sure about the three of us now that I have Joe.” She then took a deep breath, pulled out a bottle from her purse. She smiled and said, “Oxycontin, good stuff.”



Chapter 36

An hour later they pulled up in front of Spinner’s house. Michelle looked at Sherine and said, “This sure brings back memories.”  
Michelle aped, “Do ya think?”    
Sherine chewed on an OxyContin as she said she would with a smile, “I remember waking up between you two many times and loving it. OK, this will be the last time. So what do you think? Agreed? One last time for the road?”  
Michelle leaned over and gave Sherine a long hug and said, “sounds good to me baby.”
Michelle knocked on the door and Spinner answered a minute later. “Oh shit, look who's here, the Bobbsey twins. What do you two bitches want?” 
“What do you think we want? We came to play.” Michelle said and playfully poked him in the ribs. 
“Re-he-he-eally.” he said with a smile. “Well then, come right in.” He hesitated a second, then warned, “Hey, no funny stuff though ... , I mean you’re not here to cause me trouble, right?”  
“No way babe,” Michelle said. “I'm over that. We missed you and wanted to see if you were okay.”  
“Ah, so you missed me huh? I can understand that,” He laughed.  
Michelle smiled up into his eyes. She brushed his long hair back behind his ear letting her hand trail slowly down his chest to his belt buckle.“So, let’s get in a pile and see what happens.”   
Spinner looked down at her hand and sucked in his gut, “Cool,” he said, taking her hand. “Come on in then,” and he led them inside.  
They entered and Michelle looked around and said, “It sure looks like you miss me here. The place stinks. There’s shit everywhere and what in the hell is that?” 
“What?” he asked as the three walked towards the bedroom. Spinner turned to look at what she was pointing at. “Oh, that. That’s just part of a transmission from Dirt Bag’s bike.”  
“Damn Spinner,” Michelle said, that is disgusting. You’re lucky the landlord never comes around. That grease is ruining the whole table and floor.”   
Spinner smile and shrugged, “Fuck it. What do I care? It’s not my house.”  
Sherine grabbed Michelle’s hand and pulled her back. She whispered, “Hey, how about a repeat tonight with Joe? You know he’s about ready for us. I've hinted many times and you see the way he looks at you when you are by the pool”
“Yea, like a dog in heat.”   
“A threesome Michi, it may just persuade him to agree to let you move in.”
Michelle smiled. “Sounds like a good idea to me. This could be a great day after all.” 
A couple hours later they were driving back to Sherine’s new house. Sherine told Michelle that her headaches were getting worse since she left the hospital, “Sometimes they’re just unbearable,” she complained. “I need to get more meds because I’m chewing them at night when I’m drinking. I barely have enough to take during the day for the headaches. That’s why I haven’t been sharing them.” And then she laughed as she pulled one out and chewed it.   
“Well fuck Sherine, we’ll figure out where to get more,” Michelle said. “I really need one; I’ve got PMS like terrible! Please Sher, give me one. We’ll find more!”  
Sherine reached into her purse and opened the bag. She reluctantly gave an 80mg OxyContin to Michelle. Michelle smiled too and asked, “What about Joe?”
“What do you mean? ‘About Joe’ what?”   
“What does he say about you drinking and taking the meds together?” 
“Oh, he doesn’t know. Remember, he thinks I don't drink, smoke or take any drugs. He thinks I only take my prescription medication as prescribed for my headaches. He knows I see the doctor for my headaches, so he doesn’t pay too much attention. He is too busy working and making money to pay attention to what I do when we are not sitting next to each other. He's a typical male; as long as he has great sex, good food and my attention for an hour each night, he’s happy.”  
“Very cool,” Michelle said. “Well, let’s party then,” and she popped the little brown pill in her mouth and swallowed it without chewing. 
Sherine closed her eyes and rubbed her temples with both hands. “You mean let's get blown away.” She reached back in her purse and took out another OxyContin and threw it in her mouth. She gave it a few quick chews and drank the last of the gin they had taken from Spinner’s house. She shook her head and puckered her face, then screamed out the window of the car for all the world to hear, “It’s been a great day, let’s party!!!” She brought her head back into the car and asked Michelle, “Hey Michelle, what, do you think? Do you think you can drive?”   
Michelle looked perplexed and said, “Why do you say that?”  
“Because you’re all over the road!”she laughed.  
“Oh damn, this shit really hits you fast!”  
“I know,” Sherine said, still giggling. “That’s why I chew them with a few shots; instantly I am blown away. I hope we make it back alive.” They both laughed.


Chapter 37

Somehow they made it home and as they stumbled into the house, Sherine told Michelle her head hurt and that she wanted to lie down on the couch for a while. “What time is it anyway,” she asked. 
“I don´t know.” Michelle said and plopped down on the over-stuffed chair across from the couch. “I think it’s a little past five. I’ll wake you when Joe arrives.”
Twenty minutes later Sherine was woken by Joe. She looked at him blurry eyed and asked “What are you doing home?”  
He stiffened, “Uh, I live here, remember? What are you doing? You look drunk.”   
“I am.” she admitted.
“You are? In the early evening? You don't even drink. What is going on, Sher?”
“I did today.”  
“I can see that.” 
“Yep.” she giggled. “Sure did.”   
“Sherine you are not making any sense.”  
Sherine put on a big grin and said, “I have a present for you, baby, and I want you to see it.”    
“See what?” Joe asked hesitantly. He looked around the room for a clue. 
She looked at him and said, “A present, yeah a present.”
“Come on Sherine, you’re wasted and I don't know what you are talking about. I don’t like this!”   
“Hey Joe,” she continued as she flopped back down on the couch pillow. “I have a present for you.” Her words were sloppy.
“Ok, ok, I get it! You have a present for me. What is it?” He held her hand and rubbed it vigorously trying to revive her a bit.
“It's, it’s, it’s, us!” She giggled again, barely getting the words out of her mouth. 
“What do you mean ‘us’,” Joe asked.
Sherine stood and tripped. She barely caught herself on the arm of the couch.
Joe looked at her and shook his head. He leaned over and steadied her with a hand on her hip. Sherine grabbed his hand and pulled at him, but lost her balance again. She leaned into him to keep from falling, her arms resting on his shoulders.
“Come on Joe, help me.”
“Why Sherine?” the pain in his eyes went unseen by Sherine. “You’re too wasted for me.” He tried to unhook her arms from around his neck.
“I told you, Joe ... It's ush. It's us” she laughed. She pointed to the bedroom upstairs. “Come on Joe, help me baby.” She half way fell again, bumping into a small table. She turned and sat on the couch’s arm. “Shut up Joe. Just shut up Joe and follow me upstairs. I love you.”
She reached for him for support and attempted to stand again.
“Sherine I love you too, but I don’t like this and I am getting angry.”
“Angry, ha!” she said as she stumbled up the stairs laughing. “Wait before you get angry.”
“I don’t like the way you are; the way you are talking to me! 
She turned and gave him a big drunk grin. She covered her mouth as she laughed, “Shut up and follow me.” She staggered and he took her by her arm. “You will love it baby! You will forgive me soon. Damn, it’s hard to speak.” She began to stumble up toward the last stair, mumbling. “… like it Joe, just shut up and follow me.”
Joe was getting very angry now. He’d had a hard day at the office and was in no mood. He said, “Sherine, I demand that you stop this game and tell me what is going on.”
She slurred, but managed to get out, “Jush Shut up and help me up the last stair.”
Joe looked at Sherine teetering. He hurried up the last stairs to help her before she fell. He made it up to the top of the stairs just as her knees buckled. She said “let’s have sex Joe baby.” He pulled her up the last step and she freed herself and turned left. Instead of going to the end of the hall to their bedroom, she entered the first bedroom on the left. Sherine held open the door and said, “It’s us Joe, it’s your present.”
As they entered the room Joe saw a nude Michelle, She was passed out on the bed. He turned to ask Sherine what the hell is going on. He was even more surprised to see a naked Sherine weaving toward the bed.
“This is your surprise Joe. It’s us.” 
Joe looked again at his beautiful wife and then back at the equally beautiful Michelle dazed on the bed. She looked up and gave him a seductive smile, “Hi Joe, remember me?”
He looked back at Sherine as she lay down and snuggled next to Michelle. She reached out a hand and pulled him down toward the both of them. He thought to himself as he let them pull him on top of the warm writhing mass, “Whoa, this is not what I expected!” One of the girls, he couldn’t tell which, was tugging at his belt and the other was pulling his shirt. “I’m a complete idiot.” 



Chapter 38

“Pull over here, yeah, here. The Palo Coco Hotel.” The cabbie did as instructed. He continued creeping slowly up near the registration building and stopped. The nose of the car nestled gently in a giant wall of Hibiscus. “Great, this is perfect.” He opened his door and met the driver at the trunk where he retrieved his bags. “Ok, that was two hundred bucks, right?”
The cabbie nodded and grabbed Frank’s bag. He handed it to him with a big Dominican smile; the fifty dollar tip would make his wife back in Santo Domingo very happy. “Gracias señor! Pasa un buen tiempo.” He climbed back in, backed out and quickly drove off; spinning tires and throwing mud. Frank was left standing there looking around when he saw the receptionist coming his way. “Do you want to register sir? We have rooms.” 
“I guess I´ll check in then.” He was still a little jittery after coming down the side of a mountain with steep twisting curves. He had to admit though, the views had been spectacular. They had just driven from Santo Domingo; the last thirty minutes of which consisted of hairpin turns and steep cliffs. The cabbie’s car had seemed safe enough at first glance, but was really a beater when up close and personal. Way too personal for Frank.
 He stretched his legs some as he leaned over at the waist trying to get the blood circulating after the two and a half hour trip. He straightened up and looked back toward the mountain. “It was a beautiful drive, but I don’t think I would never want to go over that mountain again. And I can’t even imagine it at night! That was almost a suicide trip.”  
He turned back and saw the receptionist chuckling agreement. Together, they walked up to the ubiquitous bamboo front desk, passing tropical plants and lovely gardens. He saw an old pool just past the reception area that was surrounded by incredibly beautiful plants of every color. He thought to himself that this place made Florida look like New Jersey in the winter. “This place is incredible,” and he smiled as he looked at the receptionist.  
“Hola señorita. Yes please, I will take a room.” 
“Very good señor, it´s two thousand pesos a night, and that includes breakfast. Are you American?”she asked.
“Yes,” he said laying his passport on the polished blond wood. 
“Oh good,” she smiled, “we don’t get a lot of Americans here; lot’s of Europeans though ... and Canadians.” 
Frank shrugged and smiled, “Uh, sorry, two thousand pesos ... what is that in dollars again?”
She pulled out a small calculator and slapped a few buttons like she could do it in her sleep. She held the calculator so Frank could see the result and said, “that would be fifty US dollars. So, will you be paying with a credit card then, or cash?”  
Frank asked, “No, I have cash … American dollars. What is the exchange rate now anyway?”  
“Oh, I’m sorry, we do charge ten percent less if it is cash. Currently our exchange rate is 40:1. You can actually get 42:1 at the money exchangers but my boss feels like if he is the one that has to make an extra stop in the day to exchange your dollars he is going to make a little on it. Sorry about that.”
Franks looked puzzled, “Well that’s great! Nothing to be sorry about! He threw a hundred dollar bill on the counter. 
She put the money in a cigar box below the counter and counted out his change in pesos. Frank asked, “Oh, I forgot to ask. Does the room have A/C?” She looked at Frank shaking her head and laughed.  
Frank chuckled at her infectious snicker, “Don’t tell me; that’s another five dollars US, right?”  
She grinned, “No, that’s another ten, and……”  
Frank interrupted her and said, “and no ten percent off, right?”   
She grinned mischievously and said, “Now you are getting the idea.”  
“OK,” Frank said, “I do need the A/C if I want to sleep well.”
“How long will you be staying sir?”
“That´s a good question. I hope for a while, but you never know, it ´s business.”
“Oh?” She came more alert now, “what kind of business?”
“Well, uh, pharmaceuticals. You know, I sell to pharmacies.”    
“Really. Are there are reps here,” she asked.  
“Well yes, of course. There are reps everywhere,” he said.
“Oh, of course, I wasn’t thinking … Oh, I see, you must be here for the convention of the psychiatrists.”   
Frank’s head jerked to attention “H-m-m, psychiatrists, very cool, old Dr. Pierre is probably there getting to know some of his cronies.” He came back to reality and focused on the lovely lady behind the desk, “Well yes, the psychiatrists and others.”   
“Very good,” she said, “I hoped we would get some of that traffic. It has been a little slow here, especially for February.”  
He looked directly into her eyes and gave her a little smile, “Are you married?” 
She laughed and said, “Maybe and maybe not, are you trying to pick me up?”
“Well, maybe I am. Do you know a good restaurant we could go to later? Maybe you could show me some good clubs after a nice dinner?”
She laughed and said, “That sounds nice; and no, I am not married, I have no kids either. I live with my parents and my dog and I, uh … “She stopped herself and laughed. “Well, what else do you want to know?”
Frank smiled, “that’s probably enough for now, except for one more thing.”  
“Yes?”
“Where is this psychiatric convention you were talking about?”
She looked a little relieved and told him, “It’s just down the road. At the fork you need to stay to the right. Then, go until you reach the road that runs parallel with the beach. Go about a two hundred meters. On the right, look for a pizza restaurant; Pizza Coco … you can’t miss it. Turn right there on that little dirt road and go down it for only about fifty meters or so. It is a dirt road and narrow … and probably muddy right now. Go until you see the hotel on the left; Casa Robinson. You should see all the cars and the doctors. You will not miss it. It will be the only hotel with lots of nice cars parked out front.”
She scrunched her nose, “aren´t you a little late? The conventions started Monday I think.”
“Well, I, uh, had a little problem with my flights and you know… ”  
“Oh, yes,” she said, “I know, you got tied up with a girl, right?”
He looked at her and said, “If we went to dinner I bet you would be a lot of work.”
“Well I guess you’ll find out?” She came around the corner and stood a little too close.
Frank grinned, “Hey, I really was traveling and I did get held up in Santo Domingo. There was no girl.”
She gave a little giggle and said, “So what you are telling me is that you are gay.”
Frank almost choked when he heard her say that. He looked at her with a grin and said, “I am not sure if I could handle you if we did go to dinner. Gay? What would ever give you that idea?”
“Well yes, the convention is gay, right?”
“Gay; wow! Now that is interesting.”
“Frank, it’s ok if you are gay.”  
“I’m not gay!” He assured her. “And I did not know the seminar was gay.” He shook his head, “Is it really a gay convention?”
“Yes. You really did not know that?”
“No, I really did not!”
“That is actually funny in a sad way. You came all that way and you did not know it was a gay convention.”
“Hey, they all buy drugs. It will be fine.” He winked at her, “I will just have to smile more.”
“HA!” she barked, “I guess that’s true!” She posed prissily and held out her hands like she was holding a cup and saucer. Her pinky finger was sticking out and she mimicked taking a dainty sip. Frank laughed, nodding his head.
 “Ok funny girl, so where is my room?”
“It is the second one on the right just past the pool. Remember, the price does include breakfast … they serve ‘til ten thirty.”
“Maybe we’ll be having breakfast together”
“Well maybe we will,” she grinned.
“What´s for breakfast?” he asked.
“Well what would you like,” she asked Frank as she pulled back her hair.    
Frank smiled and said, “You.”  
She looked at him and feigned disgust, “Men, they are all dogs!” she laughed. “Well I don´t think I´m on the menu, but things could change. I´ll be sure to let you know.”  
“I bet you will,” and he marveled at how comfortable the sexual atmosphere was in this Garden of Eden. “I’m likin’ the Latino blood! Hot-hot-hot!” he thought as he took one more lingering look at the Dominican morsel in front of him before he turned and headed to his room.




Chapter 39

An hour later Frank arrived at the convention. He was walking around when one of the coordinators spotted him and introduced himself. “Hi, may I help you? My name is Brendan Murray. I’m one of the coordinators for the seminar. If you will excuse me for saying so, you look like you are a little lost. I thought that perhaps I could offer you some assistance.” He was a friendly looking guy with a shiny red face and a shock of bleached white hair surrounding his thinning pate. Frank thought his accent sounded Irish, or British … maybe Australian … one of those, he was never sure which.
Frank looked a little startled said, “Well yes, maybe you can. Actually, I´m looking to see if there is an area where I could set up a booth. I’d like to show some of our latest products. I’m with Perk Pharmaceuticals.” 
Brendan grinned and took a long drink from the icy glass he held in his hand. “I´m sorry, I´m not sure if we have any more room in the vendor area. Since this is such small gathering we are not really prepared for more than a few vendors. Have you prearranged your booth?”
Frank, looked surprised, “I´m sorry, please allow me to introduce myself. My name is Frank, uh, Frank Murphy. Hey, you’re Irish aren’t ya? I’ve got a little Irish blood in me somewhere.” 
“Well for fook sake Frank, would you like a little more Irish in ya?” Brendan’s eyes teared up at his own joke. He wiped them with the back of a red hand that looked like it could have used a bit more sunscreen today. He slapped Frank on the shoulder. “Sorry,” he laughed. “Just a wee joke ya know.” 
Frank acknowledged the joke with a hearty laugh and tried his best Irish accent. “Ha! My dear ol’ mum told me to be careful of the Irish. There’s always one that wants ta stick ya with his pot o’ gold! “Er, anyway, I must be a bit confused. I was told that I would have the opportunity to meet doctors here and show our latest products and that I did not need to register as a vendor.”  
“Well fook me, I’m very sorry if you were told that.” Brendan’s round friendly face and his relaxed manner put Frank at ease.  
“Yes, well; no problem really, I’m sure.” Frank said. 
Brendan’s white eyebrows rose, “Not to worry laddie, I will try to make sure your trip is not a total loss. We do have a party tonight and since you traveled all the way from … ?”
“Oh, um,” Frank said, “from Miami Beach, uh, Florida.”
“All the way from Miami Beach,” he smiled, “well I’m sure we would be more than happy to have you as a guest joining in the festivities; but please register and I will see if we can set up something for you. Near the pool would be nice for you I should imagine. And then you can meet our guests. What company did you say you represent?”
“Oh, I am a rep for Perk Medical. We make diagnostic and therapeutic equipment as well a whole line of pharmaceuticals. I´m sure you have heard of us?”
“Well for fook sake,” he said again. “Everybody has heard of Perk. It is our pleasure to have you here.”
“Great,” Frank smiled, he decided he liked this guy; gay or not. “This will be a fun weekend after all and don’t worry about that table for now. I can see that I will have plenty of opportunity to meet doctors either way.”
“It looks as if the open bar is certainly in full swing,” Brendan said as he finished his drink. “You can meet some of the doctors there and drink some free Brugal if you’ve a mind. They are sponsoring the bar so Brugal is the drink of choice there. All others you have to pay for. 
“We have attendees from all over; although most are from Europe. A few others are from the States though. You know they love the fun and sun; write it off and call it business. And you were right, I am from Ireland myself.”   
“Well Jaysis, Brendan,” Frank mimicked, “Erin go Bragh! Let’s have a tot!”
Brendan laughed, “Well for fook sake then, right this way!”


Chapter 40

Dr. Pierre sat in the bar wondering to himself if he could hitch a ride back to Florida as Dr. Pierre. He thought about the fun he’d had working with the crazy patients in Santo Domingo; especially the sweet Maria. “Getting the nurse to double the normal dose was brilliant, if I do say so myself,” he mused. He could do anything he wanted and that was so much fun.
He chose a table in the back of the bar. He wanted a table that was obscure enough that he would be able to have some privacy with Garcia when he came in. He didn’t want to miss him so he sat facing the door, watching the foot traffic.
A waitress in a shimmering white dress walked up and asked, “Hi sir, would you like anything to drink?” He took her in, admiring her, but was surprised to find such class. Her hair, makeup and dress were all very nicely done.
“Why yes,” he smiled. “I would like one of your famous Cuba Libres, … a double please, with extra limon.”  
“Will that be all?” She let a knee brush against his leg.
He smiled and said, “Well that will be all for now, but do you know Dr. Garcia?”  
She looked at him and frowned, “Are all the men here gay,” she wondered. “Isn’t he the doctor with the rather large; excuse me for saying, belly and the smile that makes you think of Santa?”  
Pierre, smiled and said, “Why yes, that is him. What a perfect description; … Santa.” He laughed and slapped the table lightly, “I would have never thought of him like that, but Santa. Yes, he looks like and just may be my Santa.”  
She looked at Pierre and furrowed her brow, “What?”
“Oh nothing,” Pierre responded. “it’s a personal thing, sort of an inside joke.” 
“Oh.” She said, thinking “What a shame … so good looking and he probably likes fucking old fat guys!”
“But if you see ‘Santa’, will you please tell him that Dr. Pierre is here and would love to have a drink with him?” He said this he slipped a ten dollar bill onto her cocktail tray. 
She looked at him and said, “for me?”
“Why of course.”
“O gracias sir, muchas gracias! I will be looking for him and if I see him I will be sure to direct him to you.”
“Very good, thank you.” He leaned in and crooked a finger at her. “And by the way I could not help but notice how pretty you are,” he almost whispered.
She smiled at this, thinking maybe she was wrong after all. She said, “Thank you sir. I will be sure to direct him here.” She turned and walked away with a little more slide in her glide.”
Pierre thought to himself, “I will really have to concentrate and stay focused hard if I am going to come on to that fat pig Garcia when there is so much good looking trim here. I really must get back to the US as a psychiatrist. Fucking loose ends. I should have taken care of that long ago. What the shit am I doing? I have a ton of money from the money I ripped off from David.
“What an idiot he was. I killed his wife and took almost two million in cash and he never had a clue. I guess once I am in the US again as Dr. Pierre I will be able to settle down and then finish those loose ends; Evon, Michelle and Sherine.  To get ahead in this world you have to be able to adapt. That is what I was told and it is so true.”
A few minutes later Pierre saw Garcia walk into the bar. He saw the waitress walk up to him and say something to him. Then she pointed to where Pierre was sitting in the back of the bar.  
Garcia saw Pierre and waved. As he walked toward him, he smiled. “Hello Pierre, I mean, the renowned Dr. Pierre! How are you?” He was certainly in a jolly mood. “I’m all cleaned up now and I feel so much better. It is so hot and sticky here.” As he pulled out a chair, he questioned with his eyes if he was invited to sit. “I have been thinking about you and I am so glad to see you again.”
Pierre had watched Garcia sashay over. He thought, “Man, this guy is as gay as Truman Capote at a gay pride parade or I am not a psychopathic killer.” Pierre stood up and shook Garcia’s hand. He pulled him toward him and gave him a hug, making sure it was a full body hug. He subtly ground his genitals in Garcia’s willing pelvis.
Garcia was a little surprised but definitely did not attempt to back off. Pierre thought, “He just passed the first test.” As they separated, Pierre said, “I am so glad to see you. I don’t know anyone here and I was really hoping to have a drink or two with you, … or three or four,” he winked. “Please sit.”
Garcia smiled broadly and said, “Well good, that sounds fine!”  
Pierre captivated Garcia with his eyes. It worked on his women, so why not this asshole? “Dr. Garcia, I, uh, have been … , well, I mean, you are intriguing to me and I don’t want to sound forward but do you think we could … Ah, forget it. Let’s have a few drinks now and learn some new medical techniques tomorrow.”
Garcia read between the lines, but not without some confusion. He did not overestimate his appeal so having a good looking guy like Dr. Pierre come on to him was new. He felt a familiar tingle of excitement course through his groin though, so he managed to calmly say, “Dr. Pierre, I enjoyed your company very much today. With a big grin he continued, “and, I especially enjoyed the greeting you just gave me.”
Pierre leaned over the table and whispered in Garcia’s ear. “Dr. Garcia, you are like a winning lottery ticket to me. I came here to learn new techniques and I was fortunate enough to meet you. It is such a momentous moment in my life. You are the champion in your area and I have the privilege of sitting here at the same table with you. I am in awe.” He rested a hand on Garcia’s knee.
Garcia smiled and ate it up like a red-headed stepchild. He told Pierre, “you are too kind, but I am just a director at a hospital and nothing more.”
Pierre shook his head at Garcia. He kicked off a shoe and gently rubbed his foot on Garcia’s lower leg. “I think you are more than a director, I think you are my mentor.”  
Garcia shivered at the sensation. He smiled, completely taken in, “Dr. Pierre, I think you and I need to have all those drinks you were talking about and that we may be a little late for class tomorrow. He turned and waved at the waitress.





Chapter 41

Later that evening, after a ton of drinks, Garcia told Pierre that he needed to retire to his room. Pierre acted a little disappointed but acknowledged that it is probably best because tomorrow would be a busy day.
As Garcia walked off Pierre decided he would go to the midnight banquet he was invited to. He walked a little tipsily over to the banquet hall. He’d been very conscious of his drinking and had allowed Garcia to out-pace him at least two to one, but he still felt a little befuddled and he didn’t like it. Some food would help and he chastised himself for not eating beforehand. 
It was a small banquet. There were two long tables of food though. About twenty or so doctors were sitting around at tables set up on the lawn. Snatches of English, French, Spanish and a couple other languages colored the air. They were enjoying the cooling breeze and chatting amiable. Pierre nodded at them as he passed and quickly filled a plate with rice and beans. He scooped a small piece of something in a brownish sauce that he hoped was beef, and then nibbled a piece. “Ugh, think that’s got enough fucking salt in it?” he thought disgustedly. He looked around and then threw the rest of the meat back into the serving dish. Scooping up a couple of chunks of fresh pineapple mixed with papaya and mango, he added some sliced cheeses and then turned and left.
He carried his plate around a huge hibiscus bush figuring he would see if he could hustle the Brugal girl he’d met when he first arrived, but the booth was closed. She was nowhere to be seen. He shook his head but turned on his heel and walked back across the little muddy street to his hotel, the Casa Del Mar Mundo. He entered the hotel grounds under a small wisteria arch and his feet crunched lightly on the course white gravel of the foot path. He was thinking he might see the receptionist he had seen there when he first came to the hotel. 
As he walked up to the little office, he heard a small voice on his left whispering and giggling “oh doctor, oh doctor”. The voice was coming from near the entrance to the little restaurant.
Pierre stopped for a split second and smiled. “Ha, she wants me; I knew it! I‘m going to get this bitch,” he thought. He did his best matador pirouette and made a deep bow, only to see her talking to another doctor. They hadn’t even seen him. He took a step towards them; pissed off and embarrassed. Then he stopped. He took a deep breath and slowly shook his head, hands on his hips. He turned and stomped back across the street toward the bar in the convention hotel, not even thinking about all the puddles.
In the bar he sat in his back corner table again so he could see the doctors coming and going. He was mumbling to himself, “that bitch … no one humiliates me … I swear I will slap her face off.”  
As Pierre mumbled he heard a voice from the dark table just to his right say, “They all need to be bitch-slapped sometimes.” Pierre sat up with a bolt and whipped his head around. The guy was sitting back from the table, but he leaned forward into the light of the candle and Pierre saw a tall slim guy smiling back at him. The guy winked at him, then turned and waved, trying to get the attention of the bartender who expertly ignored him. “Damn,” he chuckled. “For a friendly country, these people sure don’t know anything about good service!”
Pierre said, “What the hell did you just say to me?” 
Frank turned and looked directly into Pierre’s eyes and said, “Hey, I was agreeing with you, that’s all. They all need to be bitched slapped at times. I am sure she needed it. Relax, buddy, I’m on your side.” He held up both hands and made a calm-down motion.
Frank looked at Pierre and said again, “Look buddy, they all need it, right? That’s what you said just a minute ago. It is just something they all need. They like it too, you know? They like a big strong guy and when you beat them you get their respect.” 
“Holy shit,” Pierre grinned, “You get it, don’t you? You know what I am saying.”  
“Sure do.” Frank leaned over and said conspiratorially, “I like it when they scream and give you more reason to beat them. I love the feeling of the power over them. You know? Like, I love what they have … like in Iraq or in one of those sand nigger countries. Fucking cunts know their place over there.” 
Pierre’s eyes lit up. He cracked a big smile and said, “Man, let me buy you a drink, buddy. Finally a smart person. Women are here for one reason and only one reason … to satisfy us and … well maybe there are two reasons; to satisfy us and then to satisfy us again. And if you get to punch them around some, well, that is a bonus. Know what I mean buddy.” 
Frank smiled hugely and said, “I told you, man, I definitely dig it.” He paused and leaned in closer, “I hear ya man. That is the problem with this world, fuck’n bitches! They want to run everything now and think they can do as they want. Well, when I get a mouthy bitch with me, I can tell you that she learns real quickly.”
Pierre said, “So tell me buddy, what are you doing here?”
“Oh, I’m here to sell drugs,” he smiled and sat back for a second, looking at Pierre with hooded eyes. He waited a beat to see the reaction and then continued with a chuckle. “I’m a drug rep.”
Pierre laughed and said, “oh, … got ya. Ya had me going there. I was thinking, you know, ‘drugs’...”
“I know,” Frank grinned, “I like to see the reactions I get when I tell people that.”
Pierre looked Frank over and said, “I’m here with the convention. I am a psychiatrist … you know I treat people that are nuts.” This time it was his turn to grin.   
Frank smiled and said, “I heard you have to be nuts to be a psychiatrist.” 
“I guess that would help,” Dr. Pierre chuckled.
Pierre’s phone vibrated and he stood up. He gave Frank a ‘just-one-moment’ finger and walked out toward the hall.
Frank waited a moment and pulled out his cell and hit a speed dial number. He watched the door as David answered. “David? … yes it is him. … yes I am sure, it’s definitely him. I am in a bar having drinks with him right now. Can you believe it?” Frank was excited to be so close finally to his prey.”I know it is him. … Yes, Okay. I understand. … Ok, forget the Dominican contacts. When? … Tonight? How?” 
He paused for twenty seconds or so as he listened to David’s instructions, “OK, good idea. … No, David, no way! I won’t underestimate him. But he ain’t that fucking smart … look how easily I found him! … Ok, I’ll be careful! I’ll have his balls by morning. Thanks David. Thank you so much. And about that bonus. … Ok! I know! Get the job done first. Ok, he is as good as dead. ... Ok, I will call.” Frank clicked to end the call. He smiled and thought, “Wow, my first kill. This will be a night I will never forget.” 
Frank stood and walked over to the bar to ask the bartender where the bathrooms were. The bartender pointed in the direction that Pierre had gone. Frank saw Pierre pacing the hallway in an obviously agitated state; turning every few feet. Frank caught up with him. He smiled and nodded as he continued toward the baths. He heard a little of Pierre’s conversation but couldn’t make too much of it. He slowed and bent down nearby pretending to adjust his shoes. 
“Oh yes,” Frank heard, “Yes, I do, Yes I want to very much … Ok I will call you tomorrow … I know … It won’t be long. Tell me again how long does it take before I can work? … Yes, I know … Great, got it … Merritt Island Hospital …Yes, that will be fun!” 
At that moment Pierre turned quickly and almost tripped over Frank. Pierre’s face flushed and he said, “What the hell are you doing there?”   
Frank said, “The bathrooms; … any idea where?” 
Pierre pointed down the hallway and continued to talk on the phone. He watched Frank open the door to the bathroom. The light coming from inside silhouetted him in the door frame. There was something about him he didn’t like, but he turned back to the phone at his ear and said quickly, “Yes I can hear you Doctor … the Hospital in Orlando. Ok, fine … call me tomorrow.”
Frank came back out of the bathroom. He saw Pierre still talking on his phone and he stopped. He posed a polite stance as if waiting patiently to apologize to Pierre for almost tripping him. Pierre hung up and slid his phone in his pocket. He looked at Frank and said, “What the hell do you want?”  
Frank leaned back and said, “Oh, chill buddy, I felt I needed to apologize for almost tripping you.” 
“Oh; … ok”. 
“Hey, how about a drink? The night is still young!”
Pierre held out his arm and with a small bow said, “After you my friend.”
Frank hesitated for just a second, “Hey, I’ll join you in just a second; I want to get some cigarettes.”
Pierre sat back down. Immediately the waitress that he’d given the ten dollars to stopped in front of him. She asked, “How well do you know that man you were talking with?”
“Not well at all, I just met him, why?” He swallowed a burp of acidy trepidation and had the eerie feeling of a black shadow passing over him.
“I overheard him talking on his cell when you left and it sounded to me like he wanted to hurt you.”  
“Hurt me? I just met him,” but his survival instinct was immediately on red alert. 
“I’m sorry, I am probably crazy and I am not sure, but you seem nice. You need to be careful here. Life is cheap here.”  
Pierre pulled out his money clip and handed her a hundred dollar bill. He didn’t have to insist too hard. “Thank you baby. Do me a favor; keep your ears open for me will ya?”
Pierre was a little surprised but not shocked. “Hurt me? Why that dirty cock sucker! H-m-m, maybe I have more loose ends than I thought.” 
Frank returned and sat next to Pierre. They ordered another drink from the waitress. Pierre looked at Frank and asked him where exactly he is from. “I’m from Miami.” He answered readily.
“Really? Where in Miami?” 
Pierre asked him a few more questions about the Miami area. 
Frank evaded some answers by saying he had not lived there very long. Pierre decided that the waitress was correct. Frank didn’t know anything about Miami. 
He asked if he ever traveled to Central Florida and Frank said that he had. Pierre was sure then that he was sent there by David. But how did David know about him and how did he know he was in Las Terrenas? “I’ve got to be more careful in the future,” he said to himself. “
Wow! They tracked me down though, I gotta give them that,” he thought almost admirably, “And it’s got to be about Marilyn … Marilyn and two million bucks that is. Fuck, I should have known they wouldn’t let that drop too easily!” He stirred the dark liquid in his glass and made a decision. 
Chapter 42

Joe was seated in the conference room at his law office. He shared the long mahogany table with his head partner and long time friend Dan. 
Dan greeted him warmly. “Joe, we’re lucky that you are in the office at all these days; let alone on time. What’s going on, what’s on your mind?” He hesitated a second as Joe took his seat. “You definitely seem to have something going on. I’ve never seen you like this.” The senior partner said this as he reached for the bottle of Tums that were never too far from his grasp. His short dark hair was hardly flecked with any trace of white, but his neatly trimmed Van Dyke beard added a silvery patch on his chin. This gave a somewhat angular look to jowls that were just beginning to sag. 
Joe settled in and with a surprised look said, “What? Oh, yes, I have been occupied some I guess. You know; new life, new marriage; and lots of stuff going on. But it is basically Sherine … she seems so different and I cannot decide if I like it or not.” 
“What do you mean?” Dan asked. He burped softly and got a sour look on his face.
“Well I mean, she is not at all like I thought. It’s not a big deal, but it is confusing.” 
Dan looked at Joe as he poured two fat Tums in his hand and said, “What do you mean she is not like you thought?” He quickly tossed the pastel colored tablets in his mouth and started chewing gratefully. 
“Jesus Dan, I, uh, I don’t really know. I should not be saying anything, but … can I tell you something without you telling anyone else?” 
“Come on Joe, how long have you and I been partners? … Friends?”  
“Oh I know Dan … over fifteen years, or more?”
“Come on then Joe, talk to me. I see you are preoccupied and it’s not good. It’s not good for you and it is not good for our firm. Talk to me Joe.” He pushed back some papers and leaned forward on the polished table. He nodded his head indicating Joe had his full attention.
“Ok, Dan, are you sitting down?” He gave Dan a sheepish look. “The other night when I got home, I walked in and Sherine was blasted. I mean messed up beyond what I have ever seen her and beyond what I have seen anyone in years, like… since I was in school. I tried to talk to her and it was a waste of time. And then,” he looked around nervously, “you won’t believe it, but she led me upstairs and there in bed was her sister and I don’t remember if you have ever seen her sister, but she is as beautiful as Sherine. She was as naked as the day she was born Dan!”
Dan looked at Joe, his eyes wide as dinner plates. Joe really had his attention now. He shook his head and said, “Wow! You’re kidding, really?!”
“Yeah!” Joe nodded unequivocally, “She had her sister upstairs in bed!”… 
“Christ, was she wasted too?” His mind was running with it, envisioning the heady potential of it as he shakily poured water from a silver pitcher.  
“Yea and nude; … and staring at me with these come fuck me eyes; … and smiling and pulling me toward her.” As he thought back over it, he squirmed in his big leather chair, swiveling it back and forth and tapping his toe.
Dan set the glass down without drinking. He paused a moment and a huge grin spread on his face, “So what is the problem again Joe?”
Joe stopped fidgeting. He turned and faced his friend, “Come on Dan. She never even drinks. This is not her.” His shoulders sagged and he continued, “So I am thinking, what the hell is going on? This is nuts! … But as usual, my dick gets hard and starts doing all the thinking and, well; I couldn’t help myself. I’m ready to have them both. But, like … You know Dan, I just couldn’t really enjoy it … oh, don’t get me wrong; I enjoyed it, but the whole time, I was going nuts not knowing what the deal was.”
“God! So you had them both? I gotta tell ya, this sounds like heaven to me, but then again I’m sixty plus and those opportunities are long gone for me!” Dan joked, “so, two minutes later, after you crossed that little treat off your bucket list … you have second thoughts? Again I gotta ask you, so what’s the problem? I don’t think you should look a gift whore in the mouth!” he chuckled and punched Joe’s arm.
 	“Come on Dan you know what the problem is … this is not Sherine.”
“So were you pissed or excited,” Dan asked, getting serious again.
Joe replied, “Fuck, both I guess. I mean at first when I walked in the door and I saw Sherine all messed up I wanted to kill her; but then when she started to rub me and lead me upstairs ... fuck; I’d had a hard day and I was tired … and I just didn’t feel like fighting. And let’s face it, I got excited. And when I saw Michelle there in bed I just wanted to do them both and worry about life later.”
Joe gave a smile of chagrin and said, “So that’s it Dan, that is the problem … I’m not sure whether to be angry or happy. And to put the icing on the cake; when I was leaving the room after all this great sex, the two of them were kissing! They were taking shots and talking about chewing Oxycontin again. 
“She has never acted like this, or at least I have never seen her like this. All I could do after was to go downstairs and watch the news and try to erase what had just happened.” 
“Well Joe,” Dan said, “you actually have it made. Just go with it and just relax. When you wake up with her holding a knife at your throat; that is when you need to worry. Till then enjoy it you lucky guy, because it won’t last! Some guys have all the luck, enjoy it.”
“Ok, Dan,” Joe sighed.  “I need to go home now and see what other surprises she has in store for me.”
“Ok, Joe, we’ll see you tomorrow … on time please! And thanks for telling me what’s up. Just get it under control; we have too many important clients that need what only you can give them Joe.” 
“I have to admit, I am a little nervous to go home now. Did I tell you that Michelle is staying with us now?”
“Damn Joe; you had better stop and buy some Viagra.” He smiled as he patted his pockets and felt for the familiar lump. “Here you go, take these,” and he slid a foil packet across the table.
“Thanks.  I ran out.  My doc says I should stay away from it because it might give me a heart attack. What a way to go, huh? They are great aren't they.   Dan ran a finger around his collar, loosening his tie a bit.
Hey Dan, what do you think? Now that I am preparing for crazy sex, I bet they’re home making dinner; all dressed in overalls and not horny at all. Isn’t that the way life is?”
Dan suppressed another belch and lifted the Tums off the silver turntable again. He smiled, opening the wide mouthed plastic bottle, “Either way buddy, let’s get out of here and if the gods are looking down on you and they give you two gorgeous wild ladies to sleep with, thank them. Do not worry about it. You earned it, right?” He tilted the bottle in his hand again and then tossed his instant relief in his mouth like he’d had a lot of practice. 
“Thanks Dan, I feel better actually, getting that off my chest. I knew I was letting you guys down but I did not know how to approach it. Either way, she is my wife and I will try to live with that thought. I am kinda stuck for the time being that way anyway. Hey Dan?”
“What buddy?” 
“If I don’t return, remember that Sherine is nuts, ok?” 
Joe’s serious tone gave Dan pause; he gave a reassuring smile though and said, “yeah nuts, like she is going to screw you to death. I wish my wife was half that nuts; … Me? I’m going home for a cold shower!” 
“I hear you.” Joe said as they both stood. He extended his hand and when Dan took it they turned it into a soul handshake.  Joe patted Dan on his shoulder and thought, “I’m a lucky guy to have friends like this!”
At about seven-thirty that evening, Joe returned home. As he walked in he saw Sherine and Michelle cooking dinner. Both were nude and there were shots of tequila lined up on the counter. They had the table set with their elegant dinnerware and the old 99 Luftballoons video was playing full volume on the large flat screen TV mounted above the marble countertop. The girls were dancing and singing at the top of their healthy lungs; using large utensils as faux microphones. Joe cleared his throat and said “Hello-o-o?”
Sherine started and quickly turned to Joe. She gave a big smile and said demurely, as Michelle used the remote to turn down the music. “Joe, dear, we were not expecting you for another twenty minutes.”  
“Oh,” he said slowly as he looked around the kitchen and then back at Michelle and Sherine.  
Michelle smiled again, “I hope you don’t mind that we have a little party planned for you.”  
Joe’s eyes widened. He is taken by surprise, although he thought he was mentally ready for anything. Slowly he smiled and said, “no; uh, well, I mean…..”
He was abruptly interrupted by Sherine as she snuggled up to him and gently rubbed his crotch with an old fashioned egg beater. She gave the little red handle a few slow turns, the beaters doing their job; in other words, mixing it up! She looked up into his eyes with a mischievous grin and said, “Joe, if you would like us to get dressed and go out to dinner, which would be ok too. But, we do have a great time planned here, and we’ve already gone to so much trouble ...” She poutedly let that hang like a fat ripe plum. Joe decided it was just within reach.
“No, no, I mean this is fine. Just not, er, normal, … I mean what I expected was … I mean I did not know what to expect after the other day … I mean, shit, I don’t know what I mean!”
Michelle started to laugh as she looked at Sherine. She reached over and pulled Michelle closer. Tossing the mixer on the counter, and while holding on to Joe’s hand. 
Joe's anatomyresponded immediately and with no help from any artificial stimulant. Sherine pulled away from Michelle and bit Joe’s ear and whispered, “this could be the normal thing for us Joe.” She continued darting her tongue in and out of his ear like a hummingbird in a hibiscus. 
His abdomen went into a spasm again and his heart started to pound. He actually got light headed and he reached for a bar stool that was tucked under the kitchen island. Sherine laughed and said triumphantly, “That is what I thought!”  
Come on Michelle; let’s finish the cooking and let Joe get ready for dinner.  By that time Joe had calmed down and was smiling. “Wonder if I can even walk?” he chuckled to himself as he tried to make some room in his too tight slacks. “Maybe what Dan said is right; relax, go with the flow. Maybe some guys do have all the luck!”  
He remembered the Viagra and told the ladies that he needed to wash up. He stiff-legged it out of the room and returned in a few minutes. He was smiling, and thinking, “I will be king this time … Yup!” He thought, “I must be one of those guys, the guys that are the luckiest guys in the world. I have two of the most beautiful ladies in the world and they are so damn sexy.” He shook his head in wonder. “Damn I am lucky!” 
As he sat back down at his barstool, he reached for the girls. He ran his hands over two satiny-smooth butt cheeks, “OK girls, what’s for dinner?”
Dinner was served in a most elegant fashion. They used the dishes they had received as a wedding gift from his law firm. Everyone at the firm had pooled their money and given Joe and Sherine a beautiful dish-wear set from Niemen Marcus.
Joe remarked about how beautiful the dishes were and asked Sherine where they came from. Sherine had to remind him; shaking her head and thinking “Now that’s just like a guy that has always had everything!” Joe was not really concentrating on the meal though. He was wondering if he was crazy or if he was dreaming now. He could feel his blood pressure increase from the Viagra and he already had a massive hard-on. It seemed as if his vision was tunneled and slightly trimmed in blue. 
He was so excited and nervous at the same time that he could hardly speak.
Michelle sat next to Joe after dinner and casually threw her smooth leg over his. She asked Joe if he had ever had sex while he was high on Oxycontin and shots of tequila. Joe came out of his hypnotic trance instantly. He looked at her as if she was crazy. He remarked that he had hardly ever been really been drunk and certainly had never taken any drugs with any alcohol.  
Michelle smiled. She began to rock her leg up and down across Joe’s lap.”  He nervously rubbed the top of her thigh. “I need to relax and just do as I’m told. This will be the ‘time of my life’. 
He told himself over and over, “just relax Joe, just go with the flow. Whatever happens will be fine.” He remembered what Dan had said just a few hours ago; ‘Some guys have all the luck’. Then he remembered something else Dan had told him years ago, “Women makes you brave, be careful.” 
Joe was certainly feeling brave. He thought to himself, “I am feeling brave and I am ready to do it all. ‘Time of my life’? You’re damn right it is the time of my life! I’m going to let these ladies show me a great time even if I regret it in the morning.”  
Michelle lifted her leg from across Joe’s lap. She slid it between his knees and swung it back and forth. She started to whisper in Joe’s ear all the wild things she wanted to do to him. Sherine was listening and smiling. The whole time, her hands were exploring him. 
She was talking to Joe also, but Joe was not really listening. Sherine leaned closer and said, “Ok guys, let’s get this party started. She pulled out a small bag of cocaine. There were Oxycontin pills in it. 
She put three eighty mg Oxycontin pills on the counter. Using a large heavy tablespoon she began crushing the pills. She worked methodically and assuredly, crushing the pills into a fine brown powder. She then pinched open the little plastic blue baggie and, turned it upside down. She dumped the coke on the hard marble next to the powdered Oxycontin. She reached into a front pocket of a skimpy little maid’s apron she was wearing and pulled out a black credit card. Quickly she folded the sparkling white coke into the slightly chunky powder of the Oxy and mixed them together thoroughly. With a practiced dexterity she quickly cut out three lines about the size of her pinky. 
While Michelle deftly rolled a crisp one dollar bill into a straw, Sherine poured out three shots of tequila. She sat down and looked at Joe and Michelle with glistening eyes. She smiled and said, “Ok who is first”?
Michelle said, “Come on Joe, you start with the shots.” 
Joe smiled and said, “Ok.” He only hesitated a second before reaching out and taking the glass of tequila, throwing it down his throat in one swift movement. “Next?!”
Michelle and Sherine followed his lead. Sherine stood up and said, “Joe take off your pants, get comfortable. Joe smiled and stood up and they both helped him off with his pants. Michelle got on her knees and buried her head between his legs. 
Joe leaned back and said, “Okay, I could get used to this.”   
Sherine stood behind him stroking his neck and ears, “Oh Joe, you have no idea of what you could get used to.” 
He looked up and grabbed the back of Michelle’s head and said, “I think I have a general idea now.”  
Michelle pulled her head back and stood up. She walked over to the counter and played with the three piles lovingly; pushing them back and forth across the shiny surface. She said, “Come on Joe, do it.”
Joe hesitated now. He looked torn. “I have never done cocaine.” 
Both girls laughed, “Here, you just take this rolled bill and use it like … no, wait a minute, I’ll show you.”
Sherine took the rolled bill and quickly snorted half the powder with one nostril. She squeezed her nostrils together and her eyes watered a bit, but she had the bill in her other nostril in just a second. She bent over and snorted the rest, moving the ‘straw’ all around so she would not miss a flake. She went through the same sequence again  squeezing pantomime again as she looked at Joe and said, “See? It is easy.”
Joe grabbed the rolled bill and snorted the coke in three tries. He blew some on the floor when he coughed and sneezed at the same time. “Wow!” His eyes watered and his sinus system burned like someone had poured hot lava down it … no he decided; it wasn’t that bad. He swallowed and it tasted like the coke smelled.
Michelle jumped up and screamed, “Joe, we are going for a ride, hold on … here we go”. She stood up grabbed the shot glass, downed the tequila and then grabbed the rolled up bill and took the entire line of cocaine in one breath four times faster than Joe.  
Joe just stared as Sherine grabbed the other shot and followed Michelle. Then they both turned toward Joe and said together, “Joe, it is your turn.” She quickly poured him another shot. “Come on now!” 
Without hesitation Joe grabbed the shot glass, and nailed it. “That I‘ve done before.” He grinned and wiped his mouth.
Michelle and Sherine gave each other a high five as Michelle said, “Joe is as cool as you said he would be.” Sherine had cut out the rest of the drugs in six nice sized lines.
Joe said, “I am with you ladies!” He coughed twice and said, “Here I go,” and did another half line. He choked and blew the rest all over the counter top. .  
Sherine and Michelle both laughed; as did Joe after he stopped sneezing, choking and coughing.
Michelle said, “Come on Joe, what a wimp you are. Here, take another shot of tequila. Do you think that three is enough?”  
“No, ten is enough,” he laughed and downed the fiery amber liquid. 
“Now we are talking!” Sherine screamed as she danced across the floor trying to mimic Michael Jackson’s moon walk.
Michelle looked at Sherine and told her to sit down before she fell down. 
“Screw you, at least I can sing.”
Joe, “What are you two talking about?”
Angry with Michelle, Sherine said, “let’s chew some of this Oxycontin.” Sherine gave one to Joe and instructed him to chew it and then to follow it with another shot of tequila.  
Michelle interrupted and said, “look Joe, do it like this.”
Joe was totally wasted but wide awake. The coke was roaring through his brain now. He felt invincible and wanted to solve all the world’s problems … right now, this minute! He said, “piece of cake, here give me that shot.” He chewed the Oxycontin and threw down the shot.
Sherine said, “let’s go upstairs and show Joe what his future will be.” Joe stood up and tripped over his pants still down around his own feet. He landed on the floor laughing, as were Michelle and Sherine. He stood up and followed the ladies upstairs tripping several more times as he struggled to kick them off.
Once upstairs, Michelle pushed Joe onto the bed and immediately started massaging his chest as she kissed him. He rolled over and laughed and could not stop smiling. He pushed Michelle over and climbed on top of her. 
Joe inserted his throbbing rock hard penis into Michelle; started to pump slowly and then began to pump faster and faster. He grabbed her shoulders, fell to her with a thump and laid there limp, not moving at all.
Michelle was startled. She yelled “Ride ‘em cowboy, come on Joe; do me, do me.”
Joe did not move. 
Sherine screamed, “he’s dead!” 
“What the hell are you talking about?” Michelle screamed at Sherine.
“He is dead! That’s what I mean,” Sherine screamed back.
When the ambulance arrived the medics ran upstairs and tested his eye reflex. He yelled “he’s alive, get the Defibrillator.”
The medic grabbed the paddles and rapidly applied the wet gel, “One, two, hit it.” Joe’s body bucked and the medic quickly tested his vitals. “Again!” he yelled. They waited a moment for the Defibrillator to gain full charge and then the medic hit him again. 
“Give me the oxygen,” another yelled. “Come on, he’s barely alive, come on hurry up! EKG, come get the leads!”  
“Got ’em … okay, looking better, almost stable … there, stable, pumping like a baby.”
Twenty-four hours later at the hospital Sherine was told that Joe will not let her in to see him. Three days later she got the notice that her marriage had been annulled.




Chapter 43

Frank looked at Pierre and asked, “Hey, do you have a car?” 
“No, I came by cab from Santo Domingo. Why?” 
“Oh, I thought maybe we could take a ride and check out the sights; maybe go up the mountain and see the lights of the city along the water. I bet they’re beautiful in the evening like this. And besides it’s not that late and I haven’t seen what this town has to offer, have you?” 
Pierre shook his head and said, “No, not really. I have only seen this hotel.” 
Frank grinned, “Hey, I have an idea. Do you know how to ride a motorcycle?”
“Sure, been on ‘em all my life, why?”
“Forget the car. I bet I can talk a couple of the motor-conchos to let us take their cycle for a couple hours for a few pesos.” 
“What’s a ‘moto-honcho’?” Pierre asked. It made him nervous not to know what he was getting into.
“Ha!” Frank hooted. “Moto CONcho, not Honcho! That’s what they call all the motorcycle taxis here. I bet I could slip anyone of them a few pesos and they’d take a night off … with pay!”
“Yeah Frank, that would be fun, let’s do it.” Pierre was suddenly into it.
They walked for just a minute and came to the main drag. They found themselves in front of the Pizza Coco Restaurant. There were at least half a dozen moto-concho drivers across the street. They were all whistling at them; all trying to be the first to get their attention. They walked on across the street and approached the drivers They were all crying out for attention in earnest now.
Frank’s Spanish was okay and he explained what they wanted. When he finished he said, “So, how much to use your bike for a couple hours?”
The first told them four thousand pesos and Pierre jumped on it. “Perfect,” he exclaimed and pulled out some bills. Frank started to protest that it was too much but Pierre waved him off. “Aw, let ‘em make a little cash, they’re all so damn poor!”
The next guy told Frank that he couldn’t rent his bike, but that he would take him where he needed to go. Pierre spoke up and told the concho driver no. 
They proceeded to the next guy and passed because his headlight emitted only a dim glow.
Within a minute though they found what they were looking for and had struck their deals.
“Ok, mount up,” Frank told Pierre and pulled on his helmet.
Frank hopped on. He was just drunk enough to be feeling a bit reckless. He yelled, “Ye Haw, let’s cruise.” 
Pierre gently pulled out, getting used to the bike’s mannerisms. “Yes, this is fun.” He yelled back “Let’s go up the mountain where we can overlook entire city.” 
“Very cool,” Pierre responded and he popped open the throttle and lurched ahead. 
They headed directly south and in less than twenty minutes they are grinding up the side of a steep winding road going almost directly up the mountain. What the little 125cc bikes lacked in power, they made up for in determination. After several minutes, Pierre pulled over at a small spot where they could see the lights of the city sparkling before them in 180 degrees.
Pierre walked over to the guard railing and looked down the sheer cliff. He shook his head at Frank and said, “Sure would hate to fall here. No one would find you ever and it sure would be a terrible way to die.” 
Frank peeked and then stepped back. “Ya got that right, buddy. He stepped over to some trees that were lining the gorge and started to take a leak. He kept a sly eye on Pierre and when he was looking over the cliff he stooped and picked up good size rock. He walked up slowly behind Pierre, holding the rock tightly in his right hand, just behind him like a bouquet of flowers.  
Pierre had his foot on the guard rail and was leaning forward looking at the lights below. As Frank neared he raised the rock preparing to hit Pierre on the back of his head.
Suddenly, Pierre pushed backward ferociously off on the guard rail. His body slammed into Frank taking him completely by surprise. He fell flat back on his ass and the rock rolled away.
He immediately tried to get back up but Pierre had turned as Frank was falling. He swung the moto-concho’s helmet in a wide arc. All Frank saw was a flash of shiny blue plastic as it crashed across his temple. 
Pierre laughed and walked over and grabbed Frank’s rock. He hefted it in his hand. “Not bad there ol’ Frankie-boy,” and he lifted it and smashed it into the still dazed man. He heard the cheek bone, fracturing in his entire face. 
“Still alive?” Pierre dragged Frank by his ankles to the edge of the cliff and said aloud, “I love the sound of smashing bones,” and he gave Frank one more vicious thwack with the rock, this time directly smashing his occipital bone. 
He was proud of his new-found medical knowledge and he told himself, “that was fun; not sure why I love that so much. It must be a sociopath thing. I will have to ask some of my new friends why I love that so. I will add it my list of things to do”.  
He picked Frank up into a sitting position being careful not to get any blood on his clothes. He leaned him over the rail and steadied him with his knee. Without leaning out too much he smashed Frank once again in the back of his skull. “Ah yes, this is music to my ears. I was needing that.” He leaned over the unconscious Frank, “That was just for fun bud … and thanks for it.”
He gently pushed Frank over a gap in the rail and waved good bye as he watched his body tumble down the cliff. He smiled as it hit a particularly large boulder and was catapulted out further. He watched until the bouncing off the rocks stopped and thought about how badly the body was torn into pieces. 
He breathed a sigh of satisfaction and then walked over to Frank’s bike and hit the start button. He walked it over to the gap in the railing and pulled in the clutch. He put it into first gear. Revving the engine he popped the clutch and the bike spurted over the side in a nice swan dive.
The ride home was brisk and relaxing. He truly loved the twinkling lights below. “I guess it is time for me to go to Florida and find some more fun. That should only take a month or so to arrange everything with the good Dr. Garcia.” He frowned for a second working out the logistics; then smiled brightly. “Ah life, it is so very fleeting!”


Chapter 44
     “What the hell is he doing? It has been three days and I haven’t heard from him. I knew that idiot would screw this up.” He was pouring another Johnny Walker when the phone rang.  
“Hello?” He dropped his glass. “Oh, no, everything is fine.” 
The voice on the other end said, “I hear from friends in the Caribbean that you had a loose end and that it got worse.”  
“No, everything is fine, I assure you, I have it all under control.” David felt a drop of cold sweat run down his spine. 
“That is not what I hear.” The rumor I hear; and you know I have ears everywhere, is that you have had a loose end there for months - or longer … not good! I think we need to have a talk … face to face.”
David heard a click and the phone was dead. He mumbled to himself, “Damn, he blew it and the organization knows. Shit I have to leave. Damn it – damn it – dam it! It’s all over for me if I stay here. Damn you Marilyn! I should have just killed you and your lover myself.”

Chapter 45

“Mom wants to come by today.” 
Sherine looked at Michelle and screamed, “What? Are you freaking nuts? She is the reason I … ”Sherine picked up a pair of scissors and threatened to cut Michelle’s hair for even talking to her. Michelle reached back and slapped Sherine. She grabbed the scissors and pushed Sherine against the counter and told her she better get a grip.  
Sherine stood up and told Michelle to get out of her way, “I’m going for the Oxycontin; if you even try to get in my way I’ll kill you!” 
Michelle backed up and watched Sherine as she left the room looking for the Oxycontin. Michelle had hid them. She heard Sherine tearing apart the room in a fit of furious rage.
About twenty minutes later, Michelle heard Evon pull up out front and in just a couple minutes the door bell rang.
Evon stepped into the foyer when Michelle opened the door. Without preamble she asked, “Michelle, where is Sherine?”  
“Hi to you too Mom!” She turned and walked into the small living room with Evon on her heels. “Sherine is more nuts than ever now since Joe divorced her. She is in her room destroying it in a rage. You better be careful with her now.” Michelle slouched down into the cheap sofa. “She wants to kill any man that walks, and if you thought she was bad before, you ain’t seen nothing! Now I think she might actually kill the first man that looks at her. And she is blaming most of it on you!”  
Evon looked at Michelle and said, “You girls are really in it now.”  
“What do you mean ‘in it’?” Michelle asked. She tucked her feet under her making more room for Evon.
Evon sat down beside her and said “Come on Michelle, Sherine is nuts and always has been. We both know that; but now she might be dangerously nuts. What should we do? And you are almost as bad. Which room is she in?” 
Michelle pointed to the first bedroom door. Evon got up quickly and stormed toward the door without saying anything. She slammed it open to see Sherine standing on the bed laughing and jumping like any five-year old would do while also sucking on a vodka bottle.  
Evon walked up to the bed and yelled, “Get down, now!”   “Ok Mom in just one second, ok?”
Instantly, Sherine turned and with all of her strength and raised her leg and slammed Evon on the side of her face.  She followed the kick with a slam of the bottle also across her temporal region.  In a split second Evon flew across the room bouncing off the sagging dresser. She slumped to the floor unconscious.
Sherine screamed out like a rabid wolf; spittle flying,  “I did it.  Yup, I did it. And she thought I never would.... Showed her”  She sang in the same sing-song voice, “I did it. I did it. I fi-nall-y did it.” She laughed and whooped and continued singing, “ain’t going to school no more, ain’t going to school no more.” 
Breathing heavily, she stopped and yelled to Michelle, “Hey Michelle, I think Mom has a headache. What do you think?” She started laughing uncontrollably collapsing  onto the bed shortly.  In a daze she wrapped her arms around her knees and rocked back and forth.
Michelle ran in and saw Evon on the floor.  She looked at Sherine on the bed and grabbed her cell and called 911. They picked up Sherine that afternoon.


Chapter 46

         “Dr. Garcia, Dr. Garcia, please report to the administration office; Dr. Garcia, please report to the administration office” was heard throughout the hospital over the PA. Dr. Garcia ignored it. 
He stopped as he walked down the hallway of the West Wing. This was where the new patients were observed and evaluated. As he walked by Room W18, he stopped and asked a nearby orderly, “Excuse me orderly, who is in that room?”
The orderly had almost walked past Dr. Garcia, but he stopped and turned back. He pulled two ear buds out of his ears and said, “Dr. Garcia, I apologize, I did not hear you at first. You said W18?” At Garcia’s nod he said, He looked at the door for a moment like that would give him the answer. “Yes, W18, that is Sherine Hughes. She arrived yesterday. Not sure what her history is, but she arrived in a restraining jacket.” He leaned in conspiratorially, “she was singing ‘ain’t going to school no more no more ain’t going to school no more no more’. It was weird because the tune is ‘ain’t coming back no more’.” 
“Yes, yes, I remember the tune. But what is her history?” Garcia walked over to the door and he looked through the small observation window. He said to himself, “Wow, she is a beauty!” He turned back to the orderly and asked, “again, I will ask, why is she here?”  
The orderly was leafing through a stack of papers fastened haphazardly to a clipboard. There was an ‘Eat, Sleep, Skate’ decal stuck on the back. “Ah, here it is; … oh, my, it seems she tried to kill her mother.” He read on a moment and said, “and there is some verbiage in her preliminary report that basically says that she hates men. I quote, ‘she is a danger to herself and to society, particularly men.’” He looked back up at Garcia and shook his head, “apparently she hates.”  
Garcia looked at the orderly and said, “Her? She looks too beautiful to hurt anyone. Ah, looks deceive don’t they? She may be a handful; be sure she takes her meds. Please tell the nurses to be careful with her, at least until we get to know her. You do know that Dr. Pierre will be working this wing, right? Once he arrives?”  
“Oh yes sir,” the orderly replied. ”We were briefed.”  
“Good, be sure that Dr. Pierre gets to evaluate her and if he feels comfortable with her let the office know that she is to be assigned to him. His specialty is patients with a history of suicide attempts or homicide.”
“Ok, sure will.” The orderly shoved the clipboard under his arm and headed back the direction he was going. He replaced his ear buds as he walked.
Dr. Garcia heard his name being paged again over the PA. Garcia turned and said to himself, “this place is nuts tonight. I wish Pierre would hurry up and get here, I need some company. It has been a while since I have had sex. It is a good thing I like men, ‘cause that new girls sure is hot and I could get into trouble with her. I love being king here with all the pawns on drugs and under my control. Life is good.”
Garcia arrived at the administration office. The administrator in charge of credentialing waved Garcia over and quietly mentioned, “Dr. Garcia. I do not know what to do about Dr. Pierre’s papers. They are all really unorganized. Although they look ok as far as I can see, they are a mess and I cannot be responsible for him if something happens.”  
Garcia looked confused and told the administrator to get the papers organized because he was expecting Pierre to arrive soon. “OK, I will do my best. I just wanted to call it to your attention. As I said, I cannot be held responsible … ”
“OK-ok-ok; just let me know if you need something more. I’m sure when he gets here we can get it straightened out.”  
Garcia walked away. As he got out of ear shot, the administrator mumbled to herself, “I bet Pierre is one of Garcia’s boyfriends. He is such a disgusting fat old man.”  
At that point Garcia turned and stared at the administrator. He gave her a hard look and said, “and put a rush on them.”    
“Yes sir, right away sir” She was embarrassed, thinking he’d somehow heard her. 
Garcia walked away, “That lady has got to go!”  
As Garcia turned the corner in the West Wing that splits off from the main hallway the same orderly walked toward him. Garcia stopped him and asked, “About that girl in W18?”
“What about her sir?” He had a puzzled look on his face as he dropped his ear buds yet one more time.  
“Is she compliant or is she a fighter?”  
“Not sure yet, sir, but she loves her drugs. She smiles and mumbles to herself that she ‘ain’t going to school no more’, singing that same tune over and over again, with the wrong words. She is pretty nice it seems. However, I read in the notes that she almost killed her mother while she was high on coke, Oxy and booze.” He looked at the chart again. Says here that just a few weeks ago she was in the hospital. She suffered a beating that resulted in head injuries that put her there for over a week. Perhaps she had a relapse.”
Garcia looked at the orderly, and tilted his head in curiosity. He said, “She will need special care; as I mentioned before, be sure Pierre is assigned to her.”  
“I know sir, … I mean, I will sir. When is he arriving?”  
Garcia, answered, “Not entirely sure, anytime now.” Garcia walked away wondering about his new patient.
  

Chapter 47

“Sherine, Sherine, Sherine … Do you hear me?” Dr. Pierre and Dr. Garcia looked at each other and each gave a sympathetic shrug. “Sherine,” Dr. Pierre tried again. Sherine looked at Dr. Pierre with a blank stare. After a few more tries all she could manage were a few incoherent mumbles. She slipped back into her own world and her constant refrain “ain’t going to school no more, no more”.    
“I told you she is unreachable,” Garcia told Dr. Pierre. He stood directly behind Pierre, the ever ready clipboard in hand.
Pierre turned and told Garcia to relax, “It will take quite some time, Dr. However, she will respond. They all do at some time.”
Garcia shook his head and said, “Well, time is one thing you have plenty of so you can have all the time you need. She is ours for the next twenty years or so and probably more. Dr. Garcia gave Pierre a reassuring pat on his shoulder. He let his hand linger just a tad longer than necessary, and then he turned on his heel and walked out of the room. The door sounded a solid click when it closed.” 
Pierre looked at Sherine and thought to himself, “she really looks good.” He stared at her, looking and looking. “Amazing to see you here, just amazing.  Oh... we had some good times together” he says almost out-loud, “remember as a loving family.  You did feel the love didn’t  you baby?   Too  bad your mom had to worry about minor details like who got in my way and small details like bank loans.  I guess all good things must end.  I was almost comfortable there.  I had hoped you would not have been one of my loose ends, but as I have said before, shit happens.” 
Pierre looked around to be sure the door was closed and that no one was watching. He softly put his hands around her neck to “get the feel” and then he lifted her blouse and kissed her pert breasts. He said in a soft tone, “My, my little princess, I will see you tomorrow my little princess.”  
As Pierre started to pull away, Sherine bolted upright. She swung her arms and screamed, “you left us, go away! You left me. I hate you!  You are the devil.” Her body contorted and convulsed. She spasmed, then shuddered a gasp of hot breath and collapsed back on the bed. 
Pierre jumped back, startled, totally taken by surprise and said to himself, “wow, that was not what I expected. I better let her relax and pass out and then see what happens.” After a few minutes, he approached her again. He slid his hand again gently around her neck as if he was practicing how he would take care of this loose end.   He slowly ran his hand up her thigh and stopped. 
Her body arched as he rubbed his finger across her thighs.  She moaned and arched her body again and he said, “Oh, you like that my little princess?”
Her body stiffened. She did not move.  He stood there a second of two just looking. Then he whispered “I will be back, my, my little princess.” Abruptly, as if he had pushed a button of destruction she sat up. She torqued and swung her arm out, pivoting from all the way across her body. Her forearm caught Pierre across the bridge of his nose.  He fell back against the side table knocking a small lamp, a box of tissues  and the water pitcher onto the floor. He managed to keep his footing, but blood gushed from the gash on the split bridge of his nose. His eyes watered and the pain felt like a lightning bolt had hit him. 
He stooped and picked up the box of Kleenex that had fallen to the floor, pulling a few out while  attempting to wipe off the blood on his face he realized he had to stop and think before doing anything else.  This was very different for Dr. Pierre.   After a couple minutes he had the bleeding under control, but the cut would certainly be noticeable if one would really look. He grabbed Sherine by the throat and forced her back on the bed. “I will be back, my little princess … don’t you worry about that; but you obviously need more medication next time!   This loose end is about to be corrected. I'm thinking a small needle through your sinus, just enough to flood you lovely brain with blood. You know, like Maria.  I enjoyed that style a lot.”
A few days later, Pierre was walking down the hallway when Dr. Garcia came by. “Pierre, Sherine is making progress, isn’t she?”  
“Yes, of course.  If you are careful to choose your words it is possible to control her.  She seems to have words that trigger her neurosis. So if I choose my words carefully, she is calm.” He thought to himself, “and I can do whatever I want to with her.  I look forward to the day when I really have my kind of fun with her. Ah, if life was always this good!”
“Oh great, that’s so nice to hear!” He leaned in and reached for Pierre’s arm, holding it intimately. “When do you think you will you be home? It is getting late.” to get my papers correct or I will have to eliminate him and go back to the Dominican Republic. But then again Pierre pulled his arm away and ignored Garcia’s question. He walked away thinking, “That fat pig needs, I do like the selection of bodies here, especially my Sherine.  It is amazing the number of patients that die here; simply amazing, especially from non-reported trauma.   He gave a little snigger and thought, “My little princess is right. A little more time here won’t kill me.  And besides Garcia seems to be some reviewing more of the death certificates a little more carefully..  
Just as Pierre closed Sherine's door the  West Wing orderly walked by. He glanced surreptitiously at his superior as he passed and wondered” What the hell is that asshole doing working so late?” 
Pierre motioned him over. The orderly gave a little kow-tow bob of his head and stepped forward. Pierre let him stand there a minute, knowing he was making him uncomfortable and liking it. Finally he said, “For Sherine; you know Sherine in W18, right here?” He nodded his head compliantly. “I want you to increase her meds, all of them by twenty percent.”  
“Yes sir,” the orderly responded rapidly and loudly; happy that he was not getting a lecture from Pierre. Before he could ask Pierre when he would get the signed orders, Pierre said, “I will change the orders in the morning.”  
“No problem, have a good night Dr. Pierre.” He looked at the floor as he walked quickly away. “God that guy gives me the creeps!” He shivered again.
Later that evening the orderly was completing his rounds and came to room W18. He looked down at the remaining row of tiny paper cups and picked up one that was nearly brimming with many colored pills. He sighed and swung open the door and walked up to Sherine’s bed. “Sherine, Sherine, wake up beautiful, you have to take your medications now.” He gently shook her shoulder. 
Sherine sat up and automatically held her hand out mumbling feverishly, “he is not my father, he left me!” She trembled and the orderly patted her shoulder trying to calm her. “He is the devil,” she continued. He is the devil and now he is back. I know it. Why is he here?  He will kill me and then I can be with the angels.” She practically wailed. Her body was shaking violently now. “I thought I was safe here. Don’t let him …” The trembles stopped. She leaned over with her head between her legs and mumbled, “I am so tired, I have to sleep, where are my pills, I want my pills. Just let him kill me.” 
“Here they are Sherine … they’re in your hand honey. Be careful now, don’t fall off the bed.” She pulled herself together and sat back up staring in awe at the pills in her hand. 
The orderly handed her the little cup of water and she eagerly swallowed pills. “There you go Sherine, good job … come on now, one more Sherine. Okay, lie down now. It is late.” She lay back down and he tucked the covers up under her chin. She had a tear in her eye and it rolled down to her ear.
“There there now sweetie; relax now. Dr. Pierre wants to see you tonight before he leaves. Can you hear me? Sherine, can you hear me?” 
He got no response, just a blank stare. The orderly looked at her and said to himself, “God, she is so beautiful, and so messed up. I wonder what is going on in her mind. That is the most I have ever heard her speak.” He shook his head and clucked his tongue. “Maybe Dr. Pierre is making some progress with her after all.”  
A few minutes later he left; gently closing the door. About half way down the hallway, he spotted Dr. Pierre.  Pierre waved to catch his attention. With his attention, Pierre motioned the orderly to come over. He asked, “and Sherine, how is she doing? Did you increase her meds?” 
He looked back over his shoulder at the door to Sherine’s room and said, “Yes I did. I just now gave them to her and she is sleeping; passed out. But she did speak and for the first time and I could understand some of what she said.” He had a puzzled look on his face and he added, “Well, ‘understand’ would be a stretch, but I could make out the words.”
“Really? What did she say?”
“Well, I‘m not really sure, but it was something about her father and a devil … whatever that means!”
Pierre looked back at her door as well and nervously replied, “well, with that increase in her meds she might say a lot of things that make no sense; but at least she is talking some.”
The orderly scrunched his face and thought, “That’s weird, I just gave her the increased dosage,” but he held that one back. “She really has some deep problems Dr. Pierre. I hope you can help her.”
Pierre looked questionably at the orderly. He smiled and said, “actually, she is better than she was when she arrived. I am quite pleased with her progress. She is better. I can see that.” 
Pierre told the orderly that he was doing a good job with her too and reassured him that she will get better. “I have worked with many patients like her in the past. After they learn that they are safe and allow time to takes its course they come around.”
“OK, Dr. Pierre, if you need anything let me know. I will go home soon.  All the patients are sleeping; so remember to lock your office door before you leave.”  
“Ok, go home now, I will.” 
A few minutes later, Pierre opened Sherine’s door slowly. He stuck his head in and looked in to see Sherine sleeping.   He tiptoed over to her. With a quick backward glance at the door, he reached and grabbed her neck putting a light but firm grip on her throat.    His heart was racing as he stared down at her beauty thinking and smiling to himself that he would have the most fun ever when the time was right; maybe something special... Yes, a small pin through the nose into the brain.  A slow entertaining death.  It had been a while since he had a young beautiful girl to tear apart.  Especially one that he had anticipated for years, even fantasized about.  The excitement was building; it excited him so that he had an erection.  
             He leaned over and rasped in her ear, “my, my little princess.”   
She exploded! He felt her entire body stiffen up and then go into almost an epileptic fit, with her entire body shaking and jerking fiercely. Pierre immediately backed up, almost tripping over the small stool next to the bed. He thought to himself, “wow, she is really having some emotions. What would a real doctor do?” 
She calmed down after a minute and Pierre convinced himself that it was the medications she was taking. He approached her once more and slowly slid his hands down her legs again. He was still aroused and couldn’t help himself.
“Ah, calm and ready; that is what I like,” he said in soothing voice. “See there now honey? This is not so bad.” He leaned over and gave a gentle peck on the cheek whispering in her ear, “see sweetie, this is good.” He started stroking her again. “That’s right, nice and gentle for now … that is MY LITTLE PRINCESS.”  
The devil came out in her she reared up and slammed Pierre in the face with the back of her head. He flew back, tripping over the stool causing the  metal bed tray to go flying, making a horrendous clatter. He fell and slammed his head on the corner of a heavy wooden linen cabinet and slumped to the floor. Blood puddled over the floor near him and he lay there, startled, dazed, and totally confused.  
Sherine sat with her legs tucked under her. She cradled her head on her forearms and wept and her chest heaved with her sobs. Pierre roused himself and when he was finally able to stand he was dizzy.   He saw her sobbing all tangled in the sheets with her pillow on the floor and the metal bed tray almost across the room.  
He looked at the floor again where he had fallen. It was covered with blood. Then he looked at his forehead in the mirror and at his clothes, all covered in blood. “Shit,” he thought, panic rising in his throat. “I have no idea what to do now, how can I clean this up and look calm? She almost killed me. That bitch will have to pay for this ... And I mean big time once I get this mess taken care of.”
At that moment Pierre heard a gentle knock on the door. He about jumped out of his skin as he heard the levered knob catch in its lock. The orderly shouted through the door and Pierre saw his round face in the observation window. “Dr. Pierre, are you OK?  I thought I heard a loud crash”.
“Yes, yes,” he answered. “But it’s a good thing you’re here! She tried to kill me!” He limped over to the door and pulled it open. “Come in now, hurry before she tries again.” 
The orderly pushed through the door and flipped on the light switch, illuminating the shocking mess within. He stopped and quickly scanned the whole room, surprised at the blood, the huge laceration on Pierre’s forehead and the way Sherine was laying, on her knees holding her head in her hands. 
He quickly ran up to Sherine and bent to take her in his arms to lift her back into bed correctly.   He noticed the bed tray that had been flung across the room.  Although he was helping her Sherine had collapsed on her side, still tangled in the sheets.  She said nothing. She lay there whimpering. He stood there is awe, and turned back to stare at Pierre. His accusing eyes said everything.
The orderly told Pierre that he would get the mop and bucket and clean up the mess. Pierre interrupted and said, “Please keep between us. I am so glad you came in. It is important for you to see how dangerous she is and why I need to give her more meds than normal. I do not want anyone else to know about this because they might want her to be restrained.” He couldn’t help the pleading tone as he continued, “That would be so sad since she is so sick and she has enough problems. She does not need more.” Pierre’s mind galloped. “If she is restrained then she will go to another ward and I will lose her as a patient. I cannot have that.” Pierre looked at the orderly and told him, “I feel so sorry for her and I only want to see her get better, so please keep this between us, ok?”  
The orderly stood silent for a second. He looked back and forth from Sherine to Pierre, confusion in his gaze. He tucked her in and retrieved her pillows making sure all was in place before he turned back to Pierre.“Yes, of course Dr. Pierre, of course. She really needs your care, now more than ever. I can really see that now. I had no idea that she could be this violent. I will do whatever you want.”  
“Good, let’s clean up this mess and let her sleep. She will not remember this anyway, so no harm done as far as she is concerned.” 
“I will clean it up for you Doctor.” 
“Thank you son, thank you very much.”
Pierre left the room and left the orderly there to clean up the mess. The orderly looked at her and thought, “I wish I really knew what happened. Why Dr. Pierre and why only him?” He asked Sherine, as if she would respond, “what happened, why would you attack the good doctor?” 
He looked down at her sleeping peacefully now. Stroking her hair lightly he said, “I wish I knew. Maybe someday.” He looked at her and thought, “she was trying to tell me what happened. Why me? I could see it in her eyes. It was there.” He smiled at her and told her, “come on Sherine, tell me, what is going on in that pretty head of yours?” As usual she did not respond.
Sherine knew the devil had finally arrived. After years of waiting he had returned. Sherine’s mind saw her life all over again, all the false love, the tricks, the sharing, her mother, Michelle, the money, even telling him to be careful … every comment, everything that she had been a victim of. Like an explosion; all the years of emotion she had tried to hold back surfaced.
It was totally overwhelming; love, hate, destruction and creation all jumbled up in one package. She was trapped in her drugged body, wanting to talk but unable to with her befuddled mind and her fairy-tail life.  
She felt her soul leave her body and float over herself. She was looking down onto herself helplessly.
She screamed and there was no sound. She fought back with no control. All she could do was hover over herself and watch while her past flashed by, each vision a painful stab in her heart. Her body did whatever it wanted. She had no control. Her mind was about to explode and then she felt herself go over her own limit and instantly she was dancing with the angels again. It was like she had slipped over a waterfall and was just being carried away.
She had left her body and found peace. She was with the angels she had danced with so many times before when she was young. She knew they were the same angels that had brought her peace years ago. They were the same angels that had guided her hands when she made her sand castles. She knew their names and they knew hers. Smiling, and dancing, she floated above it all. It was all good now.  She met the devil again and she knew she was about to finally reach heaven and in heaven there are no devils; no one to leave her or to hurt her. She did not have to share anything with anyone. She would finally be free. She would be in heaven.
Sherine woke the next morning with little or no memory of the horror that had happened to her the night before … bits and pieces of memories of angels, and sand castles, and of floating above the earth. She did see the bruises and bit marks on herself though.  She became bitter and felt her normal familiar rage return. She wanted to kill anything that moved. 
           A couple days later, Sherine was asleep. She was dreaming deeply about her childhood and the love she once had and still has hidden deeply within her. She was happy dreaming. In her dreams, all of her love will again come out and she will finally be happy and relaxed and not want to kill every man she sees.  
She dreamt that she could finally have peace and happiness. She met the devil again and he would show  her how to go to heaven to be with angels. The angels knew the devil was here, they told her so and that she could have the devil if she wants. She could kill the devil now and set herself free or she could love the devil and let him deliver her to the angels.   She could do what ever she wanted.  It was her choice.  She had control now. “The devil is here and I can trap the devil and do with whatever I want with him.” She repeated the same thoughts over and over in her dreams. 

She stopped taking her meds.

A couple day later Pierre entered the room cautiously and walked over to her bed. He leaned over and whispered into her ear, “Sherine I missed you my little princess” as he softly wrapped his hands around her neck, slowly tightening his grip.  Sherine felt his grip and was waiting to see the angles again.  She felt the grip and remembered making castles on the beach.  A life-time of experiences  flashed before her.  As she lost her breath she felt herself drift into the world of the angels.  “Welcome Sherine” she could hear, “Welcome.”  
 At that moment, the door flew opened and Garcia screamed, “what are you doing? Sherine gagged as Pierre let go.  Pierre turned as Sherine tried to grab his hand to tell him it was OK.  “I want to be with the angels, please kill me now.  I am ready. I am tired” 
 Garcia lunged at Pierre screaming, “you, you are the one.  I knew it.  All those poor patients” his rage a volatile mix of trapped anger, jealousy and compassion for Sherine.
Sherine woke and started to scream, “You are Smitty, you are Smitty! Michelle, it's Smitty! Michelle, Smitty is here! The door slammed open again and the orderly burst in to see Pierre on the floor with Garcia kicking him and kicking him over and over. Pierre’s head slammed brutally into the hard floor.
Sherine watched Garcia beating Pierre with his kicks. She calmed and sat up and was smiling, yet floods of tears were rolling down her cheeks. Pierre was barely alive. He could not move. Garcia stopped kicking Pierre and he walked to the corner and gently sat down with both shoulders rested comfortably on the walls. His chest was heaving and tears and snot were covering his beat red face. He covered his head in his hands and sobbed. 
Sherine began smiling and singing quietly as she could see Pierre was barely alive, but alive; unable to move.  She continued to sing to herself as she attempted to wipe her tears, but there were too many for on or two wipes. The orderly quickly left the room screaming, “Call 911, anyone call 911!”  
After a few minutes Sherine laid down in her bed. She closed her eyes and kept mumbling over and over, “Smitty is here! Michelle Smitty is here. He will not scare me anymore.  He will never leave us again.  He can’t move, Michelle. He can’t move. Mom, you will not be with him anymore. I did it. I am free.” She went to sleep smiling and singing one of her childhood happy songs.
After making sure 911 had been called, the orderly walked back in carefully. He slowly looked all over while shaking his head. He looked at Sherine lying in bed, sleeping quietly. He smiled at her and said “Hi Sherine,” knowing she would not respond. 
Sherine opened her eyes and smiled back at him. She looked at him for a few seconds and said, in a clear voice, “Hi Steve.  The devel  is mine now.” Then she dozed back to sleep.
The ambulance arrived with the police.  
One month later, the orderly knocked on W19, Dr. Pierre’s room. He heard a faint voice say, “Enter.” He pushed through the heavy door and saw Sherine sitting in a chair next to the bed Dr. Pierre was in. She was holding his hand while her head was resting on his thigh. 
           As he walked over to the bed he asked, “Is he any better?” She raised her head and said, “No, but he will be. I will not leave until he is better.”
The orderly told Sherine that he needed to give Dr. Pierre his meds.  He looked at her with a slight grin and asked, “After, would you please give Dr. Pierre his sponge bath?”  A smile from Sherine was all he needed to see.   And he continued to say, “To think that he once was a famous doctor and now he cannot even speak, walk or ever give any signs of emotion. Dr. Garcia kicked him once too much I guess. It is so nice of you to visit him every day Sherine. I think he really appreciates your visits.” 
Sherine glowed and told the orderly it was the least that she can do, after all he healed her. She leaned over to whisper in Smitty’s ear and said. “I will always be here for you. I have always loved you My Little Prince. I will always have you now. Finally, I do not have to share you with anyone; not my sister, not my mother, not with any of your lovers, … no one. You are all mine and I know you will never leave me. Life is great, My, My Little Prince.”

The end



