



Nothing Gained


by




Angela B. Mortimer




Nothing Gained
PUBLISHED BY: 
Angela B. Mortimer at Smashwords
Copyright © 2014 by Angela B. Mortimer
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
This book is a work of fiction and any resemblance to any persons, living or dead, or places, events, or locales is purely coincidental. The characters are productions of the author’s imagination and used fictitiously.
Adult Reading Material
*****
Chapter 1


‘Ok Addy; open your eyes.’
Adrienne giggled as she did so, ‘Oh Joe, it’s beautiful,’ she said, looking out of the large window at the Thames. She turned to her husband. ‘You’ve bought it, haven’t you?’
He shook his head. ‘No, but if you like it I will.’
Adrienne ran from room to room. Slowly Joe followed her, watching as she opened cupboards and looked out of all the windows. She turned to him. ‘It’s wonderful, huge, loads of space. Joe, it must be worth a fortune?’
‘No, a couple.’
She hugged him and looked up into the lean, handsome face she loved so much, ‘Can we afford it?’
‘You just can’t believe anyone can be as rich as your old man, can you?’ He said it with a smile, but Adrienne lowered her head.
‘Sorry,’ she put her head on his chest.

Adrienne was tall, but Joe towered above her by nearly a head. She loved the feel of his hard-muscled body and the way they fitted so well into each other. He may be fifteen years older, but since they’d met three years ago, she’d never looked at anyone else.
 ‘Well, baby?’
‘Yes, please,’ she said lifting her lips to his, they kissed long and sensuously.

They’d met at one of Joe’s clubs. Adrienne sneaked out with a couple of friends, after telling her parents she was staying the night at one of their homes. She’d rushed out of the house before her mother could ask where, and turned her phone off so she couldn’t be checked up on, she‘d be in trouble when she got home, but she didn’t care, she wanted danger, and doing the opposite of what her parents wanted, was dangerous.
All the other girls escaped the same way. It was the school holidays and they were staying at Amanda’s house, her parents were away in Portugal, and her older brother promised to keep quiet as he was having his girlfriend over.  It suited him to get his younger sister out of the way for most of the night. This was the first time the girls had gone out to an adult club, and they were excited at their wicked escape from adult supervision.

Adrienne and Joe’s eyes met, and before anyone else could get near, he asked her to dance. He stayed with her most of the evening and took them all home afterwards. As the other girls got out, he gently held Adrienne back and asked her out.
He behaved like a gentleman for weeks, until the full force of their feelings for each other got the better of them, and he made love to her.
Not long after, her suspicious father hired a private investigator, and as soon he read the report, he forbade her to, ever see Joe again. Adrienne was as tough and as strong-willed, as her father was, so she refused, running out of the house with nothing, to be with her Joe. As she was sixteen, by law she could leave home, but not marry, so she and Joe married on her eighteenth birthday. If Adrienne wanted something badly enough, you couldn’t change her mind, and she wanted Joe very much.

Contrary to everyone’s expectations, their love deepened and she had no regrets, only her mother was alone with her very autocratic father, when he was home, he spent a lot of time away.

They made love in the kitchen. Then they heard a sharp knock and the door opening, Adrienne quickly pulled down her skirt and put her knickers in her handbag, while Joe zipped up his trousers. Adrienne giggled.

The estate agent came in with his usual fixed smile, ‘Well, what do you think? Marvellous views aren’t they? As I said, you will have to make your mind up quickly, these river-view penthouses go very quickly.’
 Adrienne sneaked off to the bathroom, while Joe and Mr James got down to business. When she came back into the kitchen, they shook hands over the deal.
‘Congratulations Mrs Branston, it is a beautiful property and a very good investment too.’
‘Yes, it is,’ she agreed, ‘thank you, Mr James, ‘
‘We can get the papers going right away, it shouldn’t be long being finalised, you can move straight in once it’s all gone through, no chain,’ he said, with the same smile glued onto his face.

Mr James couldn’t fail to notice young Mrs Branston was a beauty, tall, nicely built, long, shiny, black hair like a shampoo ad, a real looker. Realising he was staring; he looked over to her husband and made another positive comment about his choice. 
The pair seemed incongruous. She was posh, and Joe Branston a rough diamond. You could tell by his accent, long hair and heaven forbid, tattoos on his arms. It takes all kinds he thought, lucky sod.
He saw them down to their car parked in the basement. That too shouted money - a brand new Jag.
‘Mr. James, I have a few cars I drive regularly, any chance of getting more than two car spaces? I don’t mind paying above the odds.’
‘I can ask around, I know some of the older tenants don’t have cars, there’s plenty of public transport nearby,’ he said, still in selling mode. ‘May I ask how many?’
‘Two more would be fine. Cars and bikes are my hobbies. I’ll still keep my present property as there’s plenty of room to keep the others there, but I’d be grateful if you could arrange something.’
Mr James knew then it was Joe Branston who had the money, and not his very lovely wife.
‘Of course, I’m sure if you offer enough, someone will take you up on it, I’ll get onto it right away.’
He watched and waved as they drove away, then grimaced. Rich bastards like that always got the best-looking women, just like his boss, but he’d take Mrs Branston over Miriam Steel any day. 

‘Are you sure Joe? You won’t be able to keep all your cars and bikes handy.’
‘Doesn’t matter, I didn’t expect to, as I said before, the garage isn’t the sort of home I want for us in the long term, but I’ll still keep it for my cars, and John can keep his downstairs flat. We can still have our get-togethers upstairs in our space. The old flat’s a great place for parties and keeps the new one nice.
‘What a great idea Joe,’ Adrienne agreed.

Joe had sixth staff, or his gophers as he called them, working at the garage; his converted warehouse was in a much less salubrious area than the proposed penthouse. Bermondsey was up and coming, the garage was stylish and open plan, but he wanted better for his wife.  Three gophers were mechanics, they kept his many cars and bikes in top condition, and Joe let them do the odd private job in the garage. Steve Preston cooked and cleaned, and ran errands and helped out as needed, and Joe’s driver, John Clark lived in the downstairs flat. A couple of these men were distant relatives, another two he’d been at school with. Frank Anderson was his business manager, who did all the paperwork and had worked for his dad. They all agreed Joe was a great guy, none better, and his besotted wife agreed with them.
She looked with great tenderness at her husband and smiled.
Joe smiled back, ‘What’s the matter beautiful?’
‘Nothing, only I love you Joe Branston.’
‘And I love you back Mrs Branston. I fancy a pint. I know a great pub not far from here, how about something to eat?’
‘Yes please, I’m starving.

Six months later Joe was dead. It was just two weeks before Adrienne’s twentieth birthday.
Chapter 2


Joe rarely left Adrienne alone for any length of time; he saw to his various businesses and then came straight home. Knowing his wife, no one was surprised he didn’t go on the prowl for skirts anymore, even though there were skirts in plenty at his clubs.
Adrienne was very worried, it was four o’clock in the morning, and he hadn’t come home. She’d expect a call if he’d been tied up somewhere, he’d said he’d be home around midnight. She couldn’t sleep, but prowled around the penthouse, ringing his mobile at intervals. She’d already confirmed he left the club at eleven. She rang every person who might know where Joe was, without luck.
It was light - dawn washed the sky with strange yellow-grey light, as the clouds and sun vied for dominance.  Adrienne clutched yet another untouched cup of coffee when she heard the intercom go. She was half-relieved and half-furious. ‘Joe?’
‘Mrs Branston, it’s reception. There are some people on the way up to see you?’
‘Who?’
The guard was reluctant to tell her, ‘The police….’

The phone slipped from her hand and she felt sick, the front door buzzed. She let them in fearing the worst, and then they were telling her the bad news. She didn’t take it in at first until they repeated it.
‘No, it’s not Joe - you must be mistaken.’
‘He was recognised Mrs Branston, is there anyone who can come with you to identify the body?’ asked the young policewoman gently.
She thought about her mother, and then her father’s face appeared, and she shook her head. All she could think was, why wasn’t she crying?
‘There must be someone,’ the woman insisted.
‘Only John Clark at the garage,’ she said at last, as he came into mind.
‘Do you have the number?’ the woman persisted, although Adrienne still wasn’t listening, so she repeated her question.
‘I’m sorry, on my phone,’ Adrienne pointed to the table.
The younger uniformed policeman picked it up.
‘Mrs. Branston perhaps you should get dressed?’ the woman said gently. This was worse than usual - what a very pretty girl, and so much younger than she expected.
‘Yes of course.’

Adrienne went into the bathroom to brush her teeth and comb her hair. Looking into the mirror she didn’t recognise the pale face staring back at her, she had no colour in her face or her lips. Going back into the bedroom, she opened the mirrored door to the walk-in-robe, but then saw Joe’s oriental dressing gown reflected in it, the one she’d bought him last week, it was thrown over the small couch. After shakily getting dressed in jeans and t-shirt, she rummaged around in her jackets, she pushed hangers back and forth for what she wanted until she pulled most down in a heap, she grabbed the one still hanging, it hardly mattered if it matched.  She looked at Joe’s robe once more, before walking back into the living area.

‘I hope you don’t mind Mrs Branston? I’ve made you a cup of tea while we wait for John Clark to get here.
‘No, of course not.’ Why wasn’t she crying?
She couldn’t drink the tea because she couldn’t get the cup close enough to her mouth, her neck refused to bend far enough and her hands shook. She put her cup down and squeezed her hands together so tightly they went white.

At last, John Clark arrived and sitting next to her, put her hands into his large, rough ones. 
‘I am so sorry Addy, Joe was the best.’
Now she cried, ‘It might not be him, John,’ she said between sobs, and put her head on his substantial shoulder. He shook too, and let Adrienne cry all over his best leather jacket.
The police left, leaving the address with John. When Adrienne stopped weeping, he took her to identify the body.

There was no doubt, it was her husband. He still looked beautiful to her, even if he looked like a new zombie and worse, smelt awful. She fainted. After she’d recovered, she still couldn’t get the awful plastic cup of tea to her mouth without spilling it. John was busy, making calls on his mobile, while Adrienne sat next to the police officer who first told her the bad news. Adrienne suddenly realised she hadn’t asked how he died? Wasn’t that the first thing they did on the television shows? She felt an overwhelming desire to giggle suddenly and stopped it with an odd sigh.
‘How?’ she managed to say.
‘The details aren’t finalised yet, not until after the post mortem.’
Why would anyone want to kill him? Everyone loved him, except…’
‘Except?’
‘My father, but he would never…’

John took her home, as she was still in shock, he rang an aunt of Joe’s to come over and see to Adrienne. She’d refused his offer to ring her mother because it might bring her father too.
Joan Petrie was an old fashioned East-Ender - tough on the outside but a bit of a softie inside. She had been a nurse until recently and soon had Adrienne undressed and in bed. She also called Adrienne’s private GP. He came over quickly and gave Joan a script for a sedative to help the girl to sleep. John went out to fill it.

‘Poor kid.’ said Joan to John over a cup of tea. ‘I can’t believe it, everyone liked Joe and they were so happy.’ John saw tears in her eyes. ‘Such a pretty child, they were both so attractive. Shame they didn’t have a baby.’
‘You know as well as I do Joan, nowadays the youngsters wait a while before starting a family.’
‘And look at what happens? She’d be grateful enough for a baby now to take her mind off things,’ Joan replied with her usual sharp tongue. ‘You look like you need a nap too, John?’
‘Yeah, I feel lousy, to be honest, Joan, but I need to get back to the garage, they’ll want to know what’s happening.’
‘I can stay with the girl today John, but you know my old man, he’ll want me home to cook his tea for him, or he’ll be in a foul mood.’
‘Don’t worry Joan. I’ll come back soon, so you can go home. I’d better spend the night here. I’m too old and ugly to cause a scandal. She won’t ring her mother - I’ve tried to talk her into it…’
‘Snooty lot; Joe wasn’t good enough was he?’

They interviewed Adrienne again later that day - just after Joan left to make sure her old man had his tea on time. Adrienne still looked terrible thought John, and the sedatives made her sound slow.  Even pale, and without her usual vivaciousness, she looked pretty and vulnerable, how tragic this was.

An older man interviewed her this time. Adrienne still wasn’t functioning, so John took the business card offered, and went into the kitchen, leaving her alone with the two plainclothes policemen.
‘I am so sorry for your loss Mrs Branston, but if you are up to it, we need to ask you some questions?’ Detective Inspector Gerrad asked.
‘Yes?’
‘Can you think of anyone who would want to hurt your husband, Mrs Branston?’ Adrienne shook her head. ‘You mentioned your father?’
It took a while for Adrienne to find her voice. ‘He hated Joe, but my father would never kill him, or have him killed’ she added, a little sharply, Gerrad noted, ‘I admit he can use his money to make life difficult if someone is in his way, but Joe is too smart for that.’
‘So he made trouble for your husband, at his clubs perhaps?’
She didn’t want to elaborate, she’d only overheard the gophers saying Joe had fixed her old man messing in his business. Joe had not told her. John would know more.
‘I’m not sure of the details, I just overheard something, I’m not even sure who said it,’ she said truthfully.
‘Is there anyone else he may have mentioned?’
Adrienne shook her head, ‘Not as far as I know, he didn’t discuss business with me, only if he wanted to buy a new car or go on a holiday.  Frank Anderson, was his business manager, he may know more.’ Adrienne found the past tense hard to cope with. ‘How was he killed?’ she asked again.
‘We should be able to tell you soon Mrs Branston. But I can say it was foul play. We will need to speak to everyone he employed.’
‘Yes, of course, John will help you.’
‘We may need to speak to you again Mrs Branston?’
Adrienne nodded.

Adrienne dressed carefully for the funeral. She found a black suit she’d worn for one of Joe’s elderly relatives send-off, as his family called funerals. She wore a hat too, determined to show her husband every respect, his family would expect it, but the hat and suit made her pale face look even paler.
Joan Petrie went in the car with her, she still hadn’t contacted her parents, making an excuse when her mother wanted to see her for lunch, because of course, she would tell her father, and he’d interfere, as he always did.
The service seemed to last forever, everyone wanted to get up and say nice things about Joe. It felt to Adrienne as if it were a stranger’s funeral until the coffin slid behind the curtains, then it felt real, and for a brief moment, she felt an overwhelming desire to leap after it and stop the burning. Joan, sensing her feelings, put her arm around her and handed her a tissue, as at last, she started to weep.

As she walked out, she saw her parents standing at the back of the room. Her father’s face was hard and unyielding, but he made an attempt at a smile, for all his strictness, even hardness when his daughter crossed him, she knew he loved her. Her gentle mother had tears in her eyes. Adrienne looked away and walked passed them.
She still avoided them when they came back to the large flat above the garage for the wake, the one they used for happier parties. As expected, Joe’s noisy and gregarious family had taken over, and Joan and other aunts and cousins were seeing to the catering.
It seemed an endless afternoon, everyone diligently paying their respects, and Adrienne having to come up with suitable replies, but at last, everyone was leaving, most were going on to one of the local pubs. Adrienne smiled sadly and refused many invitations to join them. She was exhausted and John was ready to drive her home. Her parents stood away from most of Joe’s family. Adrienne still hadn’t spoken to them, but it seemed they would not be leaving until she did.

Joan felt guilty leaving her. ‘If you want me to go back with you, my old man, says he can get something to eat at the pub.’
‘No Joan you go, you’ve been wonderful, thank you for your help, I’d never have managed without you.’
Joan gave the pretty child a big hug and left, glaring at the Scott-Ramseys as she passed. John discreetly left Adrienne alone with her parents. Her mother stepped forward and Adrienne returned her hug, but she carefully avoided any contact with her father.
‘Why not come home darling?’ asked her mother carefully, ‘you can’t stay in the flat on your own.’
‘Why not, it’s my home now.’
‘Don’t be silly,’ said her father, with his usual lack of tact.
‘Silly, is that what you think I am? I’ve just lost the best husband anyone could have had, and you call me silly?’ Adrienne was shouting.
‘Andrew, please don’t be so insensitive,’ said her mother. ‘He doesn’t mean it like it sounds darling. Just come home for a few days until you are feeling better, then you can go back to your flat.’
‘No mummy, I want to stay at the new flat, I’ve lots of things to do. Thank you for your concern, but I’m fine.’
She glanced at her father’s face and for a moment thought she saw sympathy, but as Andrew Scott-Ramsey rarely showed emotion, especially any positive one, it was short-lived. 
‘Come along Felicity. I said she’s bloody stubborn.’
Surprisingly, her mother almost shouted back at him, ‘And where does she get that particular trait from, I wonder?’
‘Please mummy I’ll be fine, I’ll ring you tomorrow.’
Felicity hugged her daughter tightly and they left. John came in soon after and locked up before taking Adrienne home, the gophers would clean up tomorrow.

The flat was too tidy. The fridge and freezer filled with ready-made meals. She didn’t feel like eating, but the thought of getting ill and her father saying, ‘I told you, you should have come home,’ forced her to make an effort with a small piece of lasagne, John heated in the microwave. She told John, it was very kind of him to offer to stay again, but she’d prefer to be left alone and would ring him if she needed any help.
She wandered through the rooms unable to settle, thinking about what she needed to do next. The worst thing would be going through Joe’s clothes.  John could take everything to the garage, the gophers might like some things, Joe’s clothes were expensive and fashionable.

It was getting dark, but she didn’t turn on the lights, just stared unseeingly across the river. Eventually, she had to move, she walked to the kitchen and when she switched on the main lights, they seemed brighter than usual, and hurt her eyes for a moment. She opened the kitchen cupboard where Joe kept cigarettes, not for himself, more a habit from his father’s days, in case a visitor wanted one, just like his dad. They never did, but occasionally someone smoked on the balcony. She took the pack and Joes father’s old gold lighter and went outside. Joe hated anyone smoking inside, as a long-time reformed smoker, he couldn’t stand the smell. She smoked three, one after the other, and she hadn’t smoked for a long time, not since she was thirteen, and being deliberately very naughty in the school grounds, giggling with Stephanie and feeling very wicked indeed. She felt dizzy at first and had to sit down at the outdoor table.
She soon felt cold and had to go inside when it started to drizzle. She opened the cupboard where they kept the drinks and found a bottle of Scotch - Joe’s favourite. She drank one quickly, poured another and went outside again to have another cigarette. She didn’t feel the cold and rain now and kept going inside and out until she didn’t feel able to walk outside again.

She woke up at three in the morning, still on the sofa. Her head ached and her mouth felt foul, ugh, how could anyone smoke? She managed to get to her feet, drank a glass of lemonade and brushed her teeth before she crawled into bed - their bed. Since Joe’s death, she’d been sleeping in the spare room, and John had the pull-out in the television room, but now he was dead, and she couldn’t pretend he wasn’t, and the bed felt too big.
Chapter 3


The next few months passed in a blur. Frank Anderson, Joe’s business advisor and accountant, helped her make sensible business decisions.
Joe had a lot more money than expected. As suggested by Frank, Adrienne accepted a good offer on the clubs and some other real estate, which had dubious tenants. But she couldn’t face selling their old home in the warehouse, or any of the cars he had loved so much, and certainly not sack any of the gophers. Joe would have been horrified. So life went on as usual at the garage, the mechanics took on more clients, and John still lived in the downstairs flat.

Although she now saw her mother more frequently, she never wanted to go back to her parent’s home, until one day, after having lunch at the flat, Felicity bared her soul to her daughter. She had bottled her feelings up for years and her pain tumbled out in a torrent.
‘I’ve decided to leave your father,’ her mother said suddenly, over coffee and cheesecake. Adrienne looked shocked and didn’t say anything while Felicity carried on, now anxious to tell her daughter how she felt. ‘We haven’t slept together for years. I knew he had mistresses, he only stayed with me because of you. He loved you more than he ever did me.’
‘Mummy?’
‘Well, perhaps he did love me at the beginning, but somewhere along the way he stopped. When you left and married Joe - it nearly broke his heart…’
‘He doesn’t have a heart,’ replied Adrienne quickly.
‘Yes he does, although I admit he usually buries it deep. Adrienne, I’m 42 if I don’t break away now I will grow old, shrivelling under his indifference, until one day one of his women persuades him to marry her, and he’ll just dump me. Can I stay with you until we sort something out?’
‘No,’ said Adrienne sharply, her mother looked surprised. ‘I don’t mean you can’t stay here, but after all, it’s your house, not daddy’s, your grandmother left it to you, and nearly all the nice art-deco furniture you kept was hers too. No, he should move out, not you.’ Adrienne was out of her chair and pacing up and down in front of the windows until she heard her mother sob, and quickly went back to comfort her. ‘Next time, he’s away on business, I’ll come over and help you to pack up his stuff and get the locks changed. I’ll find somewhere for him to live. I’ve got a list of Joe’s rental properties and I know one is empty, he can live in that flat until he makes alternative arrangements and sorts out his life. I’ll get Joe’s lawyers to help with the practicalities and sort out the money side of things. You don’t need to worry about money mummy - Joe left me lots of the damned stuff.’
‘Adrienne dear, wouldn’t it just be easier if I came here?’
‘Yes it would, but why let the bastard have everything you value, and get rid of grandma’s furniture? No, we’ll do it my way.’

By the time her father was due to go on his next prolonged business trip, Adrienne had arranged everything. The smart flat in a house in Kensington was cleaned, freshly painted and furnished. They boxed up all his personal belongings, and thanks to Adrienne’s gophers, moved everything into the flat. Felicity had no desire to see the place Adrienne chose for him, so she stayed at home while the move was underway. Adrienne felt as if she had won a battle at last, and felt better than she had since Joe’s death.

Liam, one of the younger mechanics drove Adrienne back in the moving van. It was a warm day and he was only wearing his singlet. He was good looking, Adrienne always noticed, but not how well-muscled his body was, and before she could stop herself her eyes went down between his legs.
She knew he had seen her glance because of the slightly suggestive way he asked. ‘Is there anything else you want me to do Addy?’
She felt such a rush between her legs, she would like to say yes to what he suggested, managed not to, but blushed instead as she shook her head. She sensed his disappointment when she finally said. ‘No, I think we’ll leave the rest for my father, thank you, Liam.’
‘What about a drink then, there’s a pub just on the corner?’ he said putting on his shirt.
‘Yes I’d like one, I’m a bit hot, it’s very humid, perhaps there’s a storm coming?’
‘Yeah, they say it’ll rain tonight. It’s nearly twelve, might as well get something to eat, what d’you  say?’
‘Yes I’m hungry, shouldn’t we ring the others to come too?’
‘Nah, they’ll be back at the garage by now.’

Against her better judgement, she walked down the road to the pub he suggested and followed him into the gloom.  She wanted him and Liam knew it. They talked about mutual friends and issues, and Adrienne knew if she had been anyone else, he’d have made a pass by now.
They had two beers by the time the meal finally came, and the feeling between her legs was worse, and wouldn’t go away. Liam wasn’t even pretending now - his eyes said everything he felt, can I fuck you? Then his hand moved up her leg, Adrienne gasped and jumped up saying she needed the loo.
She didn’t sit down again. ‘I think we should go, Liam,’ she said.
Liam helped her up into the van, as he did so he put his hand between her legs. She paused for a moment as he did so and then got in. He got in the other side and was about to kiss her, but she quickly said, ‘I do fancy you Liam but…’
‘But what?’ he didn’t add the word bitch, but she knew he thought it.
‘Liam, I’m sorry if I led you to believe I’d sleep with you.’
Liam was bright red with anger, ‘Suit yourself.’

They didn’t speak again or look at each other until they reached Adrienne’s building. Liam parked in the goods vehicle only space, but Adrienne didn’t get out.
Liam recovered his good humour, ‘So Mrs Branston can I come in?’
‘Oh god Liam, you’re too close.’
‘You mean if you didn’t know me, you’d let me fuck you?’
‘No!’
‘Addy you know as well as I do, next year I’m getting married. I love Jan, she’s a great girl, but I’ve always fancied you. I’m not going to make a big song and dance about sleeping with you, I’ll not tell anyone. Addy, you need a good fuck, and I want to give you one, why not a friend?’
She looked at him, ‘You promise you won’t tell anyone?’
He smiled, happy now. ‘On Joe’s memory, Addy.’
‘Ok,’ she suddenly felt embarrassed again. ‘But you can’t leave the van here, park it, and come upstairs, I’ll tell reception.’ She jumped out and practically ran into her building while Liam drove off.

She waited by the door, it seemed ages before he buzzed. As soon as she locked the door, he grabbed and kissed her, then his hands went to her breasts, and he looked at her as if asking her for permission. She hadn’t noticed before how very blue his eyes were.
‘Christ, you’re so fucking gorgeous Addy.’
They didn’t get any further than the mat in the hall the first time, but it was far better for both of them the second when they took things slower in her bed. They lay naked, letting the air cool their bodies.
‘You’d better have a shower, and then go Liam. I have to be at my mothers - daddy is due back tomorrow, but he might come back sooner and spoil everything.’
His short blond hair was wet with perspiration. He grinned, ‘Are you dismissing me, madam?’
‘No, don’t say it like that, it sounds so - y’know?’
‘I don’t mean to, as I said we’re friends doing each other a favour. Didn’t you like it?’
‘You know I did,’ Adrienne sat up and put her feet on the floor, ‘Please get in the shower, there’s another one off the spare room,’ she said going into her bathroom.’
He popped his head around the door; ‘Don’t worry, I’m not going to do anything silly, like asking you to marry me,’ he grinned, and left for his shower.
Joe, she said to herself as the water poured over her body, I hope you don’t mind?
Chapter 4


 Adrienne spent the night in her old room at her parent’s house. It looked just the same as when she lived there, apart from those missing smuggled possessions her mother gave her, such as her old teddy bear.
They enjoyed their evening together watching Felicity style films, but just before they were due to go to bed, Felicity became nervous Andrew might suddenly turn up. Adrienne gave her a large brandy and tucked her up in bed with a kiss, went to her room and climbed into her old bed. It felt secure here, but memories soon surfaced. She tried to dismiss them by thinking of the afternoon she had spent in bed with Liam. Oh god, she wanted him again, she touched herself.

Felicity gave the staff most of the day off. Andrew’s man Meadows had, not surprisingly, decided to stay with Andrew, and was busy packing his belongings after she connived to move her father’s belongings on his day off. Adrienne factored it into her plans, so he had a room waiting too. She demanded Meadow’s phone that morning when he arrived back from the usual visit to his mother and had one of Joe’s men watch him in case he forewarned her father.
Now they waited. He’d phoned that morning to say he was coming home straight from the airport, not going to the office, and to expect him about five in the afternoon. The clock was very slow in moving around, and at last, at five passed the hour, the doorbell rang. One of Adrienne’s gophers had changed the locks.

Adrienne stood up to answer the door, her heart was in her mouth, but she looked full of resolve, unlike her mother who was shaking with fright. ‘I’ll go mummy.’
‘Hadn’t I better come with you?’
‘Yes, after all, this is your house, not mine,’ Adrienne agreed.
Andrew Scott-Ramsey knew something was wrong as soon as he saw his daughter at the door. ‘As you must realise by now daddy, mummy doesn’t want you here anymore.’
He pushed his way past her, his face almost purple with fury. Felicity, standing with her back pressed to the door to the morning room, bravely found the courage and her voice. ‘This is nothing to do with Adrienne, it is my decision. Andrew, I want a divorce.’
‘Don’t be ridiculous Felicity.’
‘I’m not ridiculous now, but I was as your wife. I know all about your mistresses.’
‘What do they matter for god’s sake, you’re my wife!’
‘You haven’t slept with me for years Andrew!’ said Felicity, angry now at her husband’s bullying tone.
He had no real answer, ‘I had no idea sex mattered to you Felicity,’ he said sounding surprised.
‘Of course, it mattered, how could you think it didn’t?’

Adrienne saw tears starting in her mother’s eyes, and sensed she weakened - it wouldn’t suit her if her mother forgave her father. She deserved better than this. She moved to her mother’s side and put her arm in hers. ‘You’d better leave. I’ve arranged a flat, Meadows is already there, with your belongings, getting it ready for you. It is one of mine, stay as long as you like, just return the keys to me when you find somewhere to your taste.’ She held out an addressed envelope. ‘Wait outside, John will pick you up and take you there.’
Andrew Scott Ramsey looked at his daughter, he was so angry he looked as if he would explode. ‘This is your doing - your mother doesn’t have the guts. Oh, you are mine all right.’ He was spitting, Adrienne blinked. ‘I never had any doubt about that.’
‘I do have the guts Andrew,’ Felicity said, her voice getting louder. ‘Please leave my house.’
Andrew took his eyes off his daughter and looked coldly at his wife. ‘Very well, I will organise my solicitor to meet with yours,’ his eyes returned to Adrienne. ‘Have you got what you wanted? To pay me back for your damned husband from the gutter?’
He saw a flash of anger in Adrienne’s lovely blue eyes, dropped his own, grabbed at the offered envelope, yanked the door open, and walked out.

Both women seemed to sigh and diminish a little. ‘Phew I never thought he’d take the keys,’ said Adrienne, her legs shaking.
‘Neither did I,’ said her mother and burst into tears.
Adrienne led her back into the morning room and went downstairs to make her a cup of tea.
As Felicity held the cup and saucer, her hands shook. ‘I nearly weakened,’ she said to her daughter as she sniffed.
‘I know, I saw it.’
‘Of course, I would have regretted it?’ It sounded like a question.
‘Mummy I’m not forcing you to do anything, if you want him back, I will swallow my pride, and beg him to come back to you. I can say it was my fault.’
‘No, of course not. I am relieved, really I am. He was hardly home anyway, and when he was, he just read the paper or something from his briefcase, he hardly ever spoke to me.’
‘Oh, Mummy!’
‘No Adrienne, we will leave things as they are, we did the right thing.’
Adrienne nodded. ‘I’d better ring Jean and Cathy and say it’s over. Why don’t I see if they want to go for a drink tonight?  Jean’s kids are old enough to leave alone now, even if her husband’s on a night shift.’
 ‘It was very nice of you to give them money to go shopping, I’d hate to lose them, it doesn’t worry me so much about Meadows going.’
‘So shall I ask them if they want to go out with us?’ Felicity looked puzzled as if to say, what, with the cook and the housekeeper? ‘Oh mummy, don’t be so stuffy, haven’t they been your friends for years? Imagine being alone in this house with no Jean or Cathy to talk to.’
‘Yes, they have both been wonderful. Oh dear, your father would be mortified.’
‘So? This is your house now, let’s celebrate - I’ll book a posh restaurant and we’ll all get pissed together.’
‘Adrienne!’
‘Oh mum, it is about time you had an education and not the one you got at Cheltenham Girls. Now Meadows is gone, I’ll get one of my guys to chauffeur us about in the best Rolls, it will be a laugh - promise.’

Jean, the cook and Cathy the live-in housekeeper were overwhelmed and excited, at Adrienne’s invitation and of course, they both said yes. Andrew Scott-Ramsey called them Thomas and Barnes as if they were in Victorian times.

John, in his tight, rarely used, chauffeur’s uniform, picked up Jean, and then Felicity and Cathy. They were suitably dressed for the evening.
As Adrienne expected, Felicity had a wonderful time. She’d never seen her mother laugh so much. Felicity had lived in the house with widow Cathy for over ten years, and Jean employed for almost as long, ostensibly as a cook, but she usually helped Cathy at various duties in running the house. Felicity asked them the usual polite questions as to how they were, and about their families, but she didn’t know them well as individuals.

Adrienne finished off the night at one of the clubs Joe used to own, she watched as the other women started getting louder, including her usually soft-spoken mother. The club had scantily dressed waitresses, and normally the surroundings would have shocked Felicity, but thanks to the others, her inhibitions were forgotten.
At three in the morning, they decided they had had enough and John dropped everyone off at their respective homes, which just left Adrienne to take home.

‘Janice is my niece you know -’ John started.
‘Yes, I’ve met her, she’s a very nice girl.’
‘She’s pretty, works in a building society and has just a few thousand in it. She can’t compete with a beautiful woman with millions.’
‘I don’t understand what you are getting at John?’
‘You and Liam, that’s what.’
‘What has he been saying?’ Adrienne wondered if he could be trusted, after all, it hurt and she felt sick.
‘Nothing - he hasn’t said anything, but it’s obvious the way you look at each other lately, something is going on between you. Like tonight, he said he’d drive you all if I was too tired, and the look on his face when I said I could manage, spoke volumes. I’m no fool Addy.’ John sighed, ‘Why Liam, you could have anyone you wanted, why take Jan’s bloke?’ John's voice was quiet and respectful, but Adrienne knew he was angry.
‘I’m not taking Liam away from Janice.’
‘Then what are you doing?’
Silence. How could she explain she needed someone to hold her even though it was only for a short time? ‘It just happened.’ They arrived at Adrienne’s building and John parked before the door to the manned reception. ‘You are right John, I shouldn’t have - I’m embarrassed.’
‘So am I, I know I should keep my mouth shut, but I’m very fond of Janice, she’s a good girl, kind, and goes without while they save up to get married.’
‘It’s nothing serious.’
‘Excuse my frankness, Mrs Branston,’ the change to her title made this serious, ‘It may be nothing to you, but what about Liam?’
‘No, we agreed, it wasn’t going anywhere.’
‘Agreed to what? You are naïve if you think Liam wouldn’t take you over, Janice. A rich wife, who’s a real looker, nearly every man alive would jump at the chance.’
Adrienne felt terrible, she looked at John. ‘I’ve upset you haven’t I? You’re right of course. I’ll stop it.’
‘Do you love him?’
‘No, of course not.’
‘Of course not?’
‘I’m not being patronising, god, John, you know me better than that.’
‘Do I? They say everyone reverts to type. I know I should’ve kept my mouth shut. You’ve been good to all of Joe’s boys. There was no real need to keep us all on, you could have managed with just Steve Preston, but you know how hard it is to get a job now, especially us older ones, and we are all grateful, but I have to speak up even if I lose my job.’
‘Of course, you won’t lose it, you’ve been a good friend to Joe and now to me. I promise I’ll stop seeing Liam.’
‘You’re bloody beautiful Addy, get a man of your own, you must be ready if you need Liam. Joe wouldn't want you to mourn him the rest of your life, besides you’re still a kid.’
Adrienne felt the tears welling up, and John handed her the box of tissues he kept handy. He saw her inside before going home in the car.

She couldn’t sleep, she knew John was right, she and Liam were both kidding themselves if they believed their affair would hurt no one. She’d finish it tomorrow, but how? At every safe opportunity, they ended up in bed.

She met him on neutral ground, in a pub.
‘What’s wrong?’ he said, sitting next to her and taking a sip from the pint she’d ordered for him.
‘We have to stop.’
‘Stop what?’ he knew what she meant, his voice was sharp.
‘You know exactly what I mean, seeing each other out of work.’
Liam put his head down for a moment, ‘You screwed the help, and now tell me to get lost - I like your style lady.’
‘Liam, I am stopping this before we get too close, and it’s all wrong, isn’t it? What if Janice found out?’
‘Oh fuck you Adrienne Branston,’ he said and got up. Adrienne grabbed at his arm.
‘Liam please sit down, and have a drink with me.’
‘No fuck you, and fuck your job.’
‘Can’t you see I’m right Liam? Look at how you behave, we are getting too fond of each other. Yes, it started as just a screw, and now look how mad you are because I want to end it.’
He looked hard at her. ‘Yeah you’re right, I’m getting ideas above my station.’
‘Liam you know it’s not like that, I’m not ready to replace Joe, I may never be. I’m using you, and you are doing the same to me. Let’s stop now before someone gets hurt, and remain friends, and for god’s sake keep your job.’
He relaxed and sat down again, ‘Ok, then buy me lunch.’
‘I won’t change my mind.’
‘Just lunch, boss.’

Later after their meal, Liam told her the truth. ‘You were right Addy, I wanted more, Jan’s great but…’
‘Don’t say it. I was in the wrong, I believed I could have a screw with no strings, but we were both getting a bit too intense.’
‘On my part you mean, I’ve never been bright - Jan’s got the brains.’
They changed the subject and started talking about anything but themselves. Adrienne insisted on walking home on her own. When she walked into her flat, she realised how lonely she was. Steve Preston had cleaned, and no doubt there was something in the fridge to heat up for later. She wondered why none of them went looking for other jobs. She supposed they all believed they had to take care of Joe’s widow.

‘I’m so lonely Joe,’ she said to a photo she recently had enlarged, ‘Oh Joe why you?’


Chapter 5


Felicity’s new life was the making of her - she often went out with the girls. She was blooming away from her husband’s neglect and looked years younger. Adrienne saw her mother more regularly and was studying hard to get her A levels, so she could go to university.

Another couple of months passed. One day, when Adrienne was having lunch with her mother, Felicity said to her, ‘Your father wants to meet with you, he’s booked a table at Rinaldi for seven tomorrow.’
‘Have you seen him?’ Adrienne’s voice sounded harsher than she meant it to.
‘No, I haven’t, but he’s telephoned a few times.’
‘Has he asked to come back?’
‘Don’t be silly, his pride wouldn’t let him.’
‘Mummy I am hardly going to meet him for dinner am I?’
‘Why not? He is your father after all. It wasn’t only he who disapproved of your choice of husband, I did too remember.’
‘Yes, but you didn’t disown me, mummy.’
‘Neither did your father, you were always his heir. Please go.’

All the next day Adrienne wondered what to do, one moment she was going, but only to tell him exactly what she thought of him, and the next, let him sit there alone stewing with anger. However, she still looked through her wardrobe for a dress he’d never approve of and found one. She rang John to drive her.
She saw his look as she got in the seat next to him. ‘You don’t like this dress do you?’
‘No, not without an escort.’
‘But I will have one, thanks for the appraisal - it means my father will hate it.’
It was dark bronze shot with green, a tight-fitting halter-neck, which showed too much at the front and back, and was so sleek you couldn’t wear anything underneath it. Joe had loved it. If the wind turned cold she’d freeze, but she didn’t care.

Adrienne had been there many times with her parents, but not since she met Joe, even so, she was immediately recognised and led to her father, waiting in the plush bar. She stopped at the doorway, he wasn’t alone. Their eyes met, and Adrienne turned around to walk out again, but her father caught her up.
‘Wait, Adrienne,’ she stopped, and he gently manoeuvred her into a less public place.
‘Why ask me to dinner, after all this time, and have other guests, I’d better go. I didn’t want to come anyway.’
‘I thought about us being on our own, we would have argued.’
‘Isn’t it worse we argue in front of your guests?’
‘I work with these people - you must remember Alex Gardiner, my accountant? One day the company will be yours. I asked you to come because it is time you became familiar with our business.’
‘For god’s sake, I have enough to do without learning the family business.’
‘I built this company up for you, do you think after all my hard work, I’d let strangers take it over? It’s yours, my god, if I thought we could be friends again you could have it now.’
Adrienne was amazed. He nearly said he was sorry and then he did. ‘I am sorry Adrienne, sorry I called Joe all those names, sorry I tried to stop you seeing him. It was my fault you ran to him.’
‘I would have gone anyway daddy, I loved him.’ She hated the tears forming, and she saw tears in her father’s eyes too and was even more amazed. She put her finger to his eyes to catch one. ‘I’ve never seen you cry daddy, not even when grandma died.’
‘Please Adrienne, may we try again?’ Adrienne nodded. Then Andrew said, ‘I love that dress - you look gorgeous. I can’t wait to show you off.’
Watch it Adrienne, daddy’s clever, she thought, don’t let him suck you into doing what he wants.

‘This is my daughter, Adrienne, you know Alex of course, and this is Sean Penthrick.’ They shook hands.
Alex Gardiner remembered her and tried not to be shocked at the change from the pretty schoolgirl to the very glamorous woman. He was older than her father was and had worked for him for many years. On the other hand, Sean Penthrick was a newer employee, and unlike Alex who didn’t quite know where to look - he looked her straight in the eye.
He was handsome, in a classic, well-bred way, very different from Joe. Sean Penthrick was suave, cool and surely untrustworthy, as far as women were concerned.

Alex left early, before they went into dinner, as his wife was under the weather. As soon as they were shown to their table, her father went outside to take a phone call.  Sean Penthrick was an accomplished charmer. ‘I must say I never imagined Andrew’s daughter to be quite so devastatingly beautiful, everyone here can’t take their eyes off you.’
Adrienne arched an eyebrow. ‘And you are as charming, as I’d expect from daddy’s right-hand man.’
‘Touché, I am sorry I sounded gauche. Andrew says you are as smart as you are beautiful. He is very proud of you.’ He deliberately let his eyes travel down her body and looked again at her wedding ring.

Andrew sat down again. ‘Alex wants to retire next year, his wife needs better weather for her health, they have a home in the South of France. But he will still be able to offer help if you need it when Sean and I are away. Good man Alex.’
‘Excuse me daddy, but what are you trying to say exactly? I never said I’d come and work for you, what the hell do I know about it, I don’t know what you do. You were a Merchant Bank once,’ her father nodded, ‘but now you are in all sorts of things.’
‘And I have the best people in their fields to help me, for example, Sean here, like Alex and I, has a background in banking.’
‘I have enough to do. I’ve sold off Joe’s clubs, but I’ve his other business interests still on the go, like you I have help, but it’s still a lot for me to do, and I’m sure you know I mean to study for a while too.’
‘Joe?’ asked Sean a little too sharply. Adrienne felt a sense of relief he didn’t know about Joe, this wasn’t such an obvious set up as she first thought.
‘My late husband.’
‘Oh I’m sorry,’ Sean sounded relieved and it irritated her.
‘Not as sorry as I am Mr Penthrick.’
‘Sean, please?’
She saw her father looked pleased and went back to her original idea her father was trying to set her up with perfect Sean Penthrick. She nearly got up and left, but started to enjoy the play so she stayed. ‘Daddy I have no intention of working for you.’
‘But if you are to take over eventually, Mrs.?’ Sean asked.
‘Branston.’
‘Sean leave it, let Adrienne think about it. I know my daughter, the more you pressure her the more she will do the opposite.’
‘A chip off the old block Andrew?’ Sean smiled.
‘Exactly.’
They ate, making the usual dinner chat, Andrew and Sean avoided work and tried to bring Adrienne into the conversation. Sean was even better at being charming to get what he wanted than her father.
Finally, Adrienne gave an enigmatic smile. ‘Thank you for a lovely meal, but it’s late, I think I should go home. I’ll ring John to say I’m ready, would you excuse me,’ she reached for her bag to call him.
‘Surely I can drop you off?’ suggested Sean.
‘No, I don’t think so,’ she said in a sweet voice.
‘I’ll drop you off,’ said Andrew. ‘Ring your chap and tell him to go to bed. Will you excuse us Sean, Adrienne’s right, it is late,’ he gestured for the bill.

Her father was driving his car - no Meadows, and not one of his work limos.
‘Weren’t you a little curt with Sean, Adrienne?’
‘Daddy, what are you up to?’
‘All I am up to is what I’ve planned since you were born, to leave my company in your hands. My great grandfather started it, and I want my descendants to carry on the tradition, holding the largest number of shares in the company.’
‘I have more money than I know what to do with. Joe was a good businessman too.’ Her father didn’t answer. ‘And what has the charming handsome, Mr Perfect, Sean Penthrick got to do with it? All this was a set-up to get me to meet him, I’m not a fool.’
‘I agree Sean is the sort of chap I imagined you’d marry, but it’s not what you are thinking, he’s invaluable to me. I want you to get to know him.’ Adrienne didn’t reply, just looked out of the window. They were soon outside her building. ‘I know we have to take things slow and rebuild bridges, but at least bear in mind what I’ve said?’
She nodded.

Next day she went to her mother’s home for lunch after her morning English Literature class. She needed to talk to Felicity as her father’s offer of a job upset her.
‘Daddy’s got a cheek expecting me to drop everything, and learn the business.’
Surprisingly, Felicity didn’t agree with her; ‘Your father always expected you to. He built it up for you after they had a bad patch in the late nineties, and they survived the latest downturn better than anyone else did. He never made a secret of the fact it was all for you. Without you to carry on, all his hard work would have been pointless. I do hope you will consider it, and of course, you will have time off to go to university and take the necessary courses. He is very proud of you Adrienne.’

Adrienne suddenly realised something disturbing, ‘Mummy do you still love him?’
Felicity looked away for a moment before replying, ‘Is it obvious? Things have not been right between us for years, but I never stopped loving Andrew. This is my fault anyway after you were born…’ she paused, ‘I was depressed, and I didn’t want him to touch me. By the time I’d recovered, it was too late, and I knew he had a mistress because I had someone follow him. Then, of course, I just couldn’t bear… I couldn’t bring myself to sleep with him. Very stupid of me. In hindsight, I should have fought harder to get him back. I expected one of his lady friends to get her claws into him and get him to marry her.’
‘Oh, mummy why didn’t you tell me?’
‘I thought you knew what was wrong between us?’
‘I’m not psychic…. If I’d known all this I would have tried a reconciliation, not suggest you throw him out. I’m so sorry.’
‘No, you were right, it was all for the best. It was hell for me living in the same house, and he so cold and polite. I’d left it too long, it was my fault our marriage was a sham.’
Adrienne took her mother’s hand. ‘I should never have interfered, I almost bullied you into throwing him out, if you had told me everything, we could have tried something else, not interfere as I did.’
‘I’m glad you did. I feel much better, my tummy doesn’t turn over when he says goodnight, and goes to his room. I used to feel diminished somehow as if I were less than nothing. I have no talents, I’m not particularly bright, so I don’t want a career, and I couldn’t even keep my husband. Even my daughter left me. Perhaps if Andrew and I had been communicating we could have discussed Joe. Perhaps then, I could have mediated some kind of truce, at least had you and your father speaking to each other, but you know how I am, too scared to stand up to him, scared to meet Joe in case he found out. Please forgive me, darling, I should have got to know your husband, and see why you loved him so much.’ Tears pricked at Adrienne’s eyes so she got them a tissue and handed one to Felicity. ‘Please Adrienne, at least have a look at the new offices, as I said he will want you to continue your studies.’

Chapter 6


Adrienne was busy for the rest of the week, her old school friend Caroline was back in town, after completing an art course in the West Country. They’d always kept in touch. Caroline was the complete opposite of Adrienne, she was plump and plain, but with such a warm, exuberant personality, which more than made up for her lack of beauty. When her eyes shone with the warmth of her inner spirit, she looked pretty. She’d never been short of boyfriends and finally settled on William Harris, whom she’d met at Bristol University, and she asked Adrienne to be her matron of honour.
After the wedding, Bill was taking her to settle in Derbyshire, where he had his first job as a vet. Adrienne liked him too, he was a lot like Caroline, the same warm smile, and sparkling kind eyes, and stout body. His sandy hair was already receding. He was the only younger man Adrienne felt comfortable with, and they were great friends.

Caroline had no idea Adrienne was paying for the luxurious honeymoon in Paris. She persuaded Bill to take the gift and not to tell Caroline, for her friend was proud and would insist on paying Adrienne back. Her mother was a single parent, and a kind aunt and uncle paid for all her schooling, and most of the wedding too, so Caroline already felt she was taking too much. To put her off the scent, Adrienne bought her a smart dinner service as well. Bill was not as proud, he knew Adrienne had plenty of money and was grateful. Caroline went to powder her nose.
‘Thanks, Addy.’
‘That’s fine, if I can help in any other way just ask Bill, I’ve got more money than I need, I’d rather give it my friends than the Lost Dogs Home – sorry, I forget you’re a vet, and yes I do give them money!’ Adrienne started to giggle. ‘Stop making me laugh, seriously, where does she think the monies coming from?’
‘I lied, I told her my great aunt, the one who died not long ago, left me a bit more than she did, but I will tell her afterwards.’
‘No don’t, leave it for a while, she’s proud, and hates taking money from anyone, she feels her uncle has done too much for her already, and now he’s helping with the wedding too.’
‘They’re great, they’ve no kids of their own, and he’s a dentist, well they both are, and have plenty of money and they love Caroline, and she needs that more than the money they give her, it upset everyone her father left without a word.’
‘Yes, I know, I remember.’
‘Addy, will you come and visit us as soon as we are settled?’
‘I’d love to. I’ve not spent much time in the country. Dad hated it, he took us to nice civilised places like the South of France, and we did go to the West Indies, twice actually.’
They both laughed.
Caroline came back; ‘What are you two laughing at?’ she asked.
‘The places my father used to take us for holidays when he did take us. Bill says I must visit soon, can you imagine me trekking the Dales?’
‘Yes, I can. Please say you’ll come. I don’t know a soul there,’ urged Caroline.
‘Caroline, everyone will love you - you’ll make lots of friends.’ Adrienne knew she would.

Afterwards, back in her lonely flat, she felt envious of their love, and even more lonely than usual. They were so lucky to be so much in love, with no angry parents getting involved in their affairs. For a moment, she decided not to accept her father’s offer of a job, and then just as quickly changed her mind. I need something to do, she thought, what do you think Joe? As if in answer the phone rang, it was her father asking if she would join them for lunch tomorrow at the office. She took it as a sign and said yes, putting the phone down she looked at Joe’s photo and asked again, aloud this time. ‘Should I Joe?
She laughed, as she imagined he gave her a brief smile. ‘Oh Joe, I need to get out more.’

She dressed with care, in an expensive grey suit with a matching silky shirt underneath, just a few shades paler. She looked in the mirror and decided she looked the part her father expected of her and wondered if her father had asked Sean Penthrick to be at the meeting? Of course, he had, he was Andrew Scott Ramsey’s idea of the perfect son in law.
As she expected, her father was again showing his usual lack of wisdom as far as his daughter was concerned, for who else came to the reception desk to show her up, but Sean Penthrick.
‘Your father’s tied up on a call. I’ll take you to him, Mrs Branston. How do you like the new offices?’
‘Yes, they are very impressive.’
He was very good looking, even in the daylight. His perfect tan complementing his perfect suit, shirt and tie, his shoes were shiny and looked new. You are so vain Sean Penthrick, she thought. I wonder if you keep that tan up all year round via a dangerous sunbed, or make regular trips somewhere warm and sunny. She gave a little smile as she followed him to the lifts. She sensed the curious glances as she walked through the large open plan office, to the much quieter executive area. She was here for her mother, she told herself because at some point she was going to attempt a reconciliation. She’d been selfish in the extreme, manipulating her mother, she should have known what she was feeling, instead of thinking of getting even with her father.

Sean escorted her to a small, smart room containing just a table, chairs and a long, very elegant sideboard, and the table was set for three, and of course, number three would be Sean Penthrick. It was warm in the room so Adrienne removed her jacket, she rarely wore a bra and the silky shirt didn’t hide much, and she knew it. A young woman poured champagne into glasses. Sean took them from her, and handed one to Adrienne, as the woman left, she took Adrienne’s jacket off the back of the chair and hung it up in a hidden cupboard.
Sean couldn’t help it, his eyes moved down, she knew exactly what she was doing and decided he was a worthy adversary when with a mischievous smile he said. ‘It’s a bit too warm, we get the afternoon sun in here, I’ll turn up the air conditioning,’ he said opening another invisible small cupboard full of interesting new technology.
He was always one step ahead, but she knew this round was already hers. It suddenly struck her she assumed he wasn’t married, not all men wore wedding rings, or he might be engaged, or in a long-term relationship. So why did she just know he wasn’t? And why the hell do you care? She thought as he answered the phone. It was her father, he was on his way.

It felt strange as her father kissed her cheek, and put his arm on her shoulder, she resisted an urge to shrug it off. ‘I’m so glad you came, Adrienne. I hope you don’t mind me asking Sean to join us? He knows a lot more about the day to day running of the company than I do, and he has agreed to show you around after lunch, as I am tied up with a meeting most of the afternoon.’
Her look said, really daddy, you know just how obvious this all is. As usual, Andrew Scott Ramsey ignored it. Another game we are playing. She had doubts again, she shouldn’t have come, her father was a seasoned player and she barely knew the rules.

Lunch was excellent and with no mention of the business yet, just small talk. Her father left promptly at five to two to go to his meeting, and Sean no longer pretended he didn’t find her breasts in the thin, silk shirt fascinating, and his fingers very deliberately brushed against them as he helped her into her jacket. Adrienne felt shocked as she realised she wanted him too, this was not at all what she’d planned.

Most of her father’s business was unknown to Adrienne. She was an intelligent and sensible girl, but soon realised she’d have to work very hard and go on lots of different courses to be able to understand what was going on. She liked the idea, she decided. She could use all this unused energy in becoming as proficient as Sean - no better than, she decided. This would now fill her empty life.

She had to admit Sean Penthrick knew his stuff and Adrienne’s head was spinning by the time they finished the tour, and she wondered how he felt about her learning the business? Surely, the last thing he would want was his bosses’ daughter on the scene. Wouldn’t she be a rival? Not if he married her - no wonder he was so keen to show her around. He wasn’t hiding how he felt about her either, she knew he fancied her. The euphoria of the champagne was wearing off, but not Adrienne’s lust. She struggled to concentrate, wondering if he would be a good lover or a sad disappointment. She had a good idea she’d soon find out.  And so it seemed, did he?

He took her home around five and said, ‘Where shall I park the car?’ That was all, worse she told him. He followed her into the lifts and seeing the security cameras did not touch her, but as soon as she closed her door he grabbed hold of her, kissed her and said, ‘I want you, Christ I want you.’
If she’d been sensible she’d delay the inevitable, but as she felt just as he did, she led him into the bedroom where he undressed her and then was quickly out of his clothes. For some reason, it gave her satisfaction Mr Perfect left them in a heap on the floor.
He didn’t hurry, he knew he had to make a good impression, and he did.

It was nine pm and they had a shower together. Adrienne sat at the dressing table brushing her hair, Sean came up behind, kissed her neck and undid the towel she had wrapped around her. ‘You are beautiful, but of course, you must know.’
Adrienne wished straight away she never said what she said next. ‘So now daddy will be happy too, I suppose this is his plan, using you as bait to get me to work for him?’
Sean stopped touching her. He looked at her in the mirror and his face hardened. ‘You fucking bitch,’ he said angrily. ‘Is that what you think this is all about?’
‘Well, I suppose if you charm me into marrying you, your ascension will be certain?’
‘You are the old man’s daughter, aren’t you? Leading me on until I couldn’t think straight and then this... Jesus, you fucking bitch.’ He pulled his crumpled clothes on - he was so angry, his face was bright red. ‘Don’t bother to show me out Mrs Branston,’ he said, and Adrienne heard him slam the door behind him.
Adrienne gazed at her reflection in the mirror and realised the last thing she wanted was for him to leave. Why had she said such a bitchy thing to him? Why, because she couldn’t stand the thought of her father getting what he wanted!

He’d left his wallet, car keys and phone on the chest of drawers. She hoped he’d come back for them, but he didn’t. Finally, she got into bed, feeling very alone. She decided she’d return his belongings tomorrow, and apologise and hoped he would forgive her.
Chapter 7


She smiled sweetly at the car park attendant. ‘Mr. Penthrick kindly loaned me his car, can you tell me where his parking space is?’
Adrienne went up in the lift from the car park to the floor she knew he had his office, close to her fathers. Again, she dressed with care, but no longer the smartly suited femme fatale, instead wore a pair of jeans and casual jacket. She saw him standing outside his office talking to his secretary. He watched her as she walked over to him, and his face gave nothing away. She stood outside his door.
‘Gwen, would you get us a cup of coffee please,’ he said before closing the door.

She put his belongings on his desk and turned to look at him. ‘I am sorry, I spoke out of turn. Perhaps I was surprised I’d slept with you so quickly after we’d met, it’s not like me, but I’m not behaving very me at present. Look, I am so sorry I said those things. I was trying to explain not to you, but myself, I was thinking about daddy being happy about us liking each other. Sorry, I’m not making much sense.’
‘Andrew never says sorry,’ he was non-committal.
‘I’m not my father, please may I take you to lunch?’
‘No, I’ve got a lunch meeting.’
‘Fine,’ she knew she sounded disappointed, and turned to go.
‘Wait, what about this evening - did you bring my car back?’
‘Yes, it’s in your spot,’ she turned back to face him.
‘Then I’ll pick you up at seven?
‘Yes,’ she said, ‘by the way, how did you get home?’
‘I walked, I had no money, phone, nothing, and I’ve huge blisters on my feet. I wore new shoes.’
She giggled. He came closer and put his arms around her. Her response to his kiss answered both their questions. His secretary knocked and started to walk in before they pulled apart. It was just as she’d guessed, Sean Penthrick and Andrew Scott Ramsey’s beautiful daughter looked as if they were becoming an item.

That night at dinner they started again. For the first time, they talked about themselves. He was thirty-two, had never married, yes, he always had a girlfriend, but never been conned into living with anyone as yet, no girlfriend so far was wife material, and he had time to find the right one. ‘I finished with Kate this morning,’ he said, wondering if she would take the bait?
‘Why, not because of me, surely? I thought you hated me this morning?’
‘What do you think? I was over my anger by the time I’d got home. I thought about calling you, but it would have seemed as if I were begging. I was trying to come up with a way of talking to you, without appearing weak. You played a flawless part, and I fell for it, of course, I am still hooked. I could never settle for Kate after meeting you. She is beautiful and nice, if a little bit dumb, but I think I prefer beautiful with a bitchier attitude, makes life more exciting.
‘You’re not exactly easy either are you? To be honest I got caught in my net.’ Adrienne admitted.
‘I know - god I was desperate to touch you, that shirt had me crazy.’
‘It was meant to.’
He smiled warmly. ‘You are like your father, you could be a very formidable enemy if you wanted to. You know when you look like that, with your head on one side and your eyes pretending to be so wide and innocent, you look just like Andrew. Not a look I trust, it usually means trouble of some kind.’
She made a face, ‘You know my father and I haven’t been on good terms for years, not since I met Joe?’
‘No, to be honest, he never discusses his personal life. Not once in the four years, I’ve worked for him.’
‘What did you do before?’
‘I worked for a few companies, slowly climbing the corporate ladder and adding the odd degree as I went. I started out doing English and IT at university, and somehow got caught up in the admin side of things. Your father asked me to join him when he was taking over my old firm.’
‘You must have impressed him? And let me tell you, it’s not an easy thing to do.’
‘As I said, he never mentioned you, and I was surprised when he said he had a daughter, and he wanted me to help you learn the business, even help you choose the right courses to take.’
‘Seriously Sean, didn’t it upset you, weren’t you considered the heir apparent?’
‘To be honest, it did. It was a bolt from the blue, but I knew what was expected of me, and never said anything to the old man, and then I met you…’
‘And?’
‘Fishing for more compliments Adrienne? You know I wanted you the minute I saw you. I never expected you to look like you do. I thought you’d have a beak of a nose like your father.’ 
‘I just have his colouring - the rest is from my mother.’
‘Then Andrew’s a very lucky man.’
‘No, he isn’t, they’ve separated.’ Sean didn’t seem surprised. ‘You know about his lady friends?’
‘Yes, everyone does.’
‘Except me. Oh well, be careful Sean, Daddy may be planning a wedding?’
‘Blunt and to the point aren’t you?’ he laughed. ‘Well, the way I feel right now I think I’d say yes, but what about you?’
‘No, quite the opposite. I’m in no hurry at all, it’s not long since Joe died and I’m only twenty, and going back to school makes me realise I have a lot to catch up on.’
‘So we wait and see what happens?’
She smiled.

That night as she lay in his arms, all she could see was Joe’s face, and she wondered if this relationship would last? Being married to Joe had been marvellous, surely, she could never be lucky twice. Mr Perfect, husband material and to daddy’s taste, so why did she like him so much? No one is perfect, she told herself, and right now, her priority was to get her parents back together in a real working marriage, and all his mistresses gone. Adrienne believed she was capable of achieving anything she set her mind on. But was she really falling for Sean, or was it she was lonely and needed a man in her bed, and he fitted the bill perfectly, perhaps, she wasn’t sure.

Sean got up, showered, and made her a cup of tea. It was still very early and Adrienne never liked getting up in the mornings. He sat on the bed after he’d put her cup down. She moaned and opened one eye slightly and then quickly closed it. He stroked her hair and pulled a stray lock from her mouth. ‘Good morning, sleepyhead.’
 ‘God is it? It’s not light yet.’
‘It’s nearly six o’clock. I’ve got an early important meeting, so I have to go home, change, and check my notes. Can I see you tonight?’
‘What day is it?
‘Friday.’
‘Is it, oh good, no classes today, yes fine.’
‘Why don’t you come to the office at six, we can go out from there.’
‘Mm.’
‘Is that a yes?’
‘Mm.’
 He bent down to kiss her. ‘I’d like to stay.’

She heard the door close, went to the bathroom and drank a little of the tea before falling asleep again, she didn’t wake until late.  She had an appointment at a beauty salon for a massage and she was late, she quickly pulled on her casual stretch pants and a hoodie over a t-shirt.
Steve was getting out of the lift. On Friday’s he gave the flat a clean, and as he always had to have a chat, she missed the lift. It was only a short walk, no use taking the car, she’d never find a parking spot. It was raining, so she pulled up the hood and ran to the salon.

She felt marvellous when she came out, the sun was out and she felt excited at the thought of seeing Sean again. She was just about to cross the road near the flat when a voice behind her said, ‘Mrs Branston?’
She turned around, she had a good head for faces, but she didn’t recognise this one. A very tall man wearing an expensive trench-coat mac, he had the collar up though the rain had stopped.  She noticed his very light-blue eyes first. He seemed to be in either his late thirties or forties, it was hard to tell, with a rather bony face, and light hair, a cross between blond and grey.
‘I’m sorry, but do I know you?’ Adrienne asked politely.
‘No, I was a business partner of your late husband, but we never met.’
‘I’ve never seen you before?’
‘No, Mrs Branston, in effect Joe was a silent partner.
‘I don’t understand Mr…?’
‘Helleyer.’ Adrienne felt uncomfortable, the look in those blue eyes was cold. ‘Perhaps if we had lunch we could talk further.’
‘I’m not exactly dressed for lunch Mr Helleyer.’
‘I’ll be in the pub down the road, there on the corner. The one with the hanging baskets, shall we say in an hour?’ Without waiting for a reply, he gave a quick nod and turned and walked away.

Intrigued and feeling more than a little worried, she phoned Frank Anderson as soon as she reached her flat. Steve was still hoovering, but he’d finished her bedroom and she closed the door against the noise.
‘Frank, it’s Addy, do you know a man named Helleyer.’
‘No, can you describe him?’ Adrienne did.
Silence for a moment then Frank came back on, he sounded a little guarded. ‘No one I’m aware of…’
‘Odd, he says he was a business partner of Joe’s, but he just doesn’t seem Joe’s type at all, sort of military looking, posh voice but a slight accent.’
Silence again for a moment, then, ‘I’ll check the records, Helleyer you said?’
‘Yes.’
‘It will take some time; do you know the correct spelling?’
‘No, I didn’t ask.’
‘I’ll ring you back immediately if I find anything, and I’ll check with the solicitors too.’
‘Thanks.’
Adrienne put the phone down. Damn, why hadn’t she asked Frank to lunch too, it might be a very public place they were meeting, but Mr Helleyer made her feel uneasy. She picked up the phone to ring Frank back and ask him to come to the meeting with her, but then put it down again, no - what was the danger in a pub?

She chose a plain black suit and white shirt, very bland and non-committal, and went to meet Mr Helleyer. He was sat in the bistro, and stood up as she approached, and politely asked what she would like to drink?
‘Lemonade please.’
He courteously moved the chair so she could sit. The pub was busy, they were lucky to have a table. She noticed he was drinking a boutique beer. She watched him at the bar. His mac was over the back of his chair. The dark grey suit was expensive too - he looked a little out of place here, as if he should be having lunch at the Ritz, not at the pub with the local office workers. He sat down and smiled, but his eyes still looked cold. He looked directly into her eyes, she was used to the admiration she usually got from men, but this was another look entirely.
‘How about the fish pie?’ he said handing her the menu.
Again, she noticed the slight accent, could it be Scots? ‘Yes, thanks, with the salad, no chips.’

He got up again and ordered the meal while Adrienne pretended to read the menu. She put it down when he returned and in her usual direct way she asked, ‘What is this all about Mr Helleyer?’
He seemed to like her direct approach, this time, his eyes joined in his smile. ‘As I said, your husband and I were business partners.’
‘So why have I never heard of you? My solicitor and accountant went through everything with me and there was no mention of a Mr Helleyer.’
‘No, of course not.’
‘Perhaps then you should explain?’
Their meal interrupted them, they both leaned back in their seats in silence as the waitress placed the huge plates in front of them and brought them cutlery.

‘This isn’t the place to discuss it. Why don’t I come back to your penthouse so we can discuss it in private?’
‘I don’t invite strangers into my home Mr Helleyer.’
He smiled again. ‘Joe said his wife was something else, it seems he didn’t mean you were just very good looking.’
‘Perhaps we should make an appointment with my accountant instead. He looks after everything for me.’
‘No, it’s not so simple. Joe had something he was holding for me, no one else was involved. Besides, it’s time for the second instalment, and then our investments will start to pay off.’

Adrienne put down her knife and fork, she hadn’t eaten very much, she started to feel threatened. ‘Let me be frank Mr Helleyer. I may be a young woman, but I am far from being alone in the world, and I’m not stupid. Something about you and your story doesn’t seem right. Whatever you and Joe were involved in is over, I’m sure you know he is dead.’
‘Of course, why else would I need to speak to you? Oh, you are not stupid Addy, just very innocent, very. Do you think Joe was just a businessman, who owned clubs and property? Well, your precious husband had another side to him.’ Adrienne’s heart pounded, she looked away from Helleyer’s cold eyes. ‘What are you worried about? I’m not going to hurt you, I just want to talk. Wouldn’t you like to know what Joe was really up to, and how he made so much money?’
‘No,’ she said, grabbed her bag and then ran out of the pub.
It was starting to drizzle again, so she ran back home, more out of fright than worried about getting wet. She ran all the way.

Steve had nearly finished and was putting everything away. He didn’t notice Adrienne’s agitation. She was uncertain what to do, but knew she needed help, this man frightened her. She could ask John Clark for help, but no, this man was way out of any of the gopher’s league. Her father perhaps, oh no, wouldn’t he love to know Joe was a crook of some kind? No definitely not. Sean perhaps? She changed her clothes.

She still was unsure, but was recovering from her fright enough to phone reception to tell them, on no account were they to give access to a Mr Helleyer, and gave them a thorough description. She came back into the main living area, but suddenly becoming nervous, she decided to check the main door was securely locked.
The front door was unlocked, Steve was obsessively security conscious, surely, he hadn’t left the door open?
She felt a new sense of panic and locked it, but when she turned around, she saw Helleyer sat in her living room, she tried to unlock the door and get away but he was there before she could. ‘You owe me two million pounds,’ he said, ‘and I want it.’ He moved quickly, grabbed hold of her, dragged her into her bedroom and threw her onto the bed. Adrienne felt real fear. ‘You see Adrienne, if I don’t get it, I’ll lose four and I have no intention of that, after all the hard work I’ve put in.’
She found her voice with difficulty, ‘I can’t get you two million pounds just like that.’
‘Oh yes you can, I’ve checked. Ring Anderson and arrange for the monies to be transferred to me.’
‘No,’ she said, but she didn’t feel brave.

The man’s eyes changed, a look she knew only too well, and she tried to get off the bed.
‘Oh you’re nice all right, but a fuck isn’t the same as two million pounds.’ He grabbed her around the throat. Adrienne was terrified and tried to fight, but he had a grip of iron and it was getting hard to breathe, although he wasn’t trying to throttle her. He let go for a moment and pulled something from his mac pocket. Adrienne expected a gun but it wasn’t, it looked like a pen. She knew it wasn’t either, then she felt the prick in her arm, and the last thing she remembered was him bending down to kiss her.

Chapter 8


Sean wasn’t worried Adrienne was late until it got to seven. At first, he was more concerned she’d changed her mind, but as he continued to get no reply from either the flat or her mobile phone, he started to worry. He knew then how he felt about her, and couldn’t bear the idea of not seeing her again.
As always when he was in London, Andrew was still in his office, so Sean made his way there. ‘Andrew, I’m concerned, Adrienne was going to meet me here nearly two hours ago and I can’t contact her.’
‘Perhaps she’s with her mother? I’ll ring Felicity,’ he did so, the call was short. ‘No nothing, her mother said she always calls her after lunch and didn’t, she’s been trying too.’
‘Christ, then what’s happened to her?’
‘There’s probably a good reason Sean. She is my daughter and knowing her, the last thing she will do is to make anything easy, for either of us.’
‘It’s not like that Andrew, we’re getting on well, she wouldn’t start playing me for a fool again.’
Andrew knew Sean well enough to know he never panicked. ‘Then let’s go over to her place and make sure she’s all right.’

The guard let them in, he knew Sean and seemed to know Andrew too. The flat was immaculately tidy, not a thing out of place. The guard went back down to check her car and soon returned. ‘Her car’s gone sir, if you don’t mind, I’m needed downstairs.’
‘Yes of course,’ Andrew dismissed him, ‘We will take it from here.’ The man left. ‘Sean I’ll have to ring her mother again, but I don’t want to frighten Felicity just yet, I’ll say I need to contact her, and she’s playing silly buggers,’ he did so. Then he turned to Sean. ‘She has a phone book in the kitchen in the drawer under the security phone.’ Sean didn’t find it odd he would know. He found it and brought it to Andrew. ‘We’ll take alternative numbers…’

No luck, ‘Andrew we should call the police.’
‘Why, because she stood you up? Be reasonable Sean, it’s far too early, they won’t take it seriously.’
The phone rang, Sean picked it up. ‘It’s reception, the other guy on the desk says she left some instructions earlier, on no account were they to let someone into the building, she described him as a tall man with greying, blond hair and a trench-coat, and he goes by the name of Helleyer. Andrew, you must call the police.’

They came because he was Andrew Scott-Ramsey, but said it was far too early to presume she was missing, but they still took all the details. Until Sean handed them her bag and her mobile phone he’d found in the bedroom, and finally, the two young policemen agreed, Adrienne wouldn’t go anywhere without taking her phone.

Adrienne opened her eyes. It was dark but she could see a bright, nearly full moon through a chink in the curtains. She tried to lift her head, but it gave her a throbbing headache, she was cold and very thirsty too. She was still dressed in the t-shirt and track-pants she’d changed into after her terrifying lunch date, they felt damp. She heard a movement and a dim light went on beside the bed, it was Helleyer.
‘I said I wanted to talk to you Adrienne and I meant it.’ She tried to reply but could only croak. ‘Thirsty?’ She nodded, and her head throbbed with pain again. ‘You’ll feel fine by the morning,’ he said as he held a glass to her lips and helped support her head. ‘But now I want you to phone Sean Penthrick and tell him you are fine, just called away on some unexpected business, which after all, is the truth. Keep it short and sweet.’
‘Please more water first,’ she could smell his aftershave as he helped her into a sitting position. Adrienne tried to take hold of the glass, but she shook so much she spilt it.
With a creepy smile, he suggested, ‘We’d better get those wet clothes off before you catch a cold, it was raining hard when I brought you in.’
‘Don’t touch me!’ 
‘You’re shivering, it’s cold in here. I should have turned the heating on, but I don’t feel the cold much.’ He got up and took a blanket from an odd-shaped cupboard by the side of the chimney breast.
‘Take it off under this as you are suddenly shy, and I’ll get your clothes dry.’
‘I need the bathroom.’
‘Then I’d better help you,’ he took the blanket off and picked her up as if she were a child and carried her down a long corridor. This was an old house, and not lived in - there was a slightly musty smell. He sat her on the wooden seat on the lavatory. ‘I’ll come back in a little while. I mean it, take off those wet clothes. There’s a bathrobe behind the door. I’ll turn the heating on so we can dry them.’

Adrienne felt strong enough to stand up on her own, but her head still hurt if she moved. She managed to wash herself a little and to brush her teeth with a new toothbrush.  She’d fumbled with its packaging, her hands weak, and then put on the short towelling robe, it was one of his, and huge on her.
Surprisingly Helleyer knocked before he entered, ‘I’ve food for you downstairs, it will help you to recover. As I told you, I’m only interested in getting my money, but if you want to give me a bonus, I won’t complain, and will certainly oblige you.’
Adrienne nervously pulled the robe closed and refused to let him help her, and walked down the narrow stairs unaided. He showed her into a pretty, but sparsely furnished room. There was an artificial gas log fire in an authentic Inglenook fireplace. This looked more a large house, rather than a cottage.  She sat down wearily in the chair close to the fire, pulled her cold feet underneath her and laid her head back, so it wouldn’t ache so much.

Helleyer left her there, she should try to escape, but felt too ill, besides Helleyer was no fool, they must be in the middle of nowhere from the lack of any sounds from outside, and she wouldn’t get far in a white bathrobe, with shaking legs and bare feet.
He came back in with, of all things, a steaming cup of cocoa, ‘This will help you warm up,’ he said handing it carefully to her to make sure she didn’t spill it.
‘Where are we?’
‘A place of mine, it’s very isolated and a bit on the basic side, but there again, I don’t have a partner to give it a woman’s touch.’ He sat down and watched her drink as if he was worried she might spill it. 
The cocoa was wonderful, she had already drunk half of it before wondering if he had put something in it? But at least her headache was going. ‘Why?’
 ‘As I told you earlier, I wanted to get your attention. I am very serious about getting what is owed to me, and you don’t want to listen to any criticism of your precious Joe.’
‘It still doesn’t explain why you kidnapped me, how can this help you get your money?’
‘But I haven’t kidnapped you, as I said earlier, this is an impromptu business meeting, and as soon as you have finished the cocoa you will ring, no, not Sean, but your father, and tell him that. No stalling on the phone, just keep it short and don’t get into any conversation with him. Understood?’
‘No.’
‘Oh yes you will, or the alternative will be I keep you prisoner and I’ll ask your daddy for my money instead, and your precious Joe’s memory will be mud. No more perfect husband or Mr Nice Guy, because Adrienne, and I know you refuse to believe me, Joe wasn’t nice at all.’ The first thing, which came into Adrienne’s mind, was, was he cheating on me? As if he could read her mind, he leaned closer. ‘No, he never wanted anyone else, but his Addy. Now I see why. Why waste all that money on an inferior whore, when you are waiting at home? Finished? Good, then it’s time to ring your father. If you do exactly as I tell you then we can get along just fine, and be good business partners, but if you don’t, I’ll just screw your old man for the money and fuck you stupid…’
‘And then kill me?’
‘Oh no, I’ve no intention of killing you, Addy.’

Chapter 9


Sean and Andrew were still in Adrienne’s flat. Andrew was deeply concerned for his daughter’s safety, but his gut feeling told him she was still alive, and he’d always trusted his gut. He would have been pleased at any other time, as he watched Sean’s devastated reaction to her disappearance. His gut had told him to offer Sean Penthrick a job, and his gut had been right there too, and it said Sean was perfect for his daughter. She’d made quite an impression on his right-hand man, no surprise to him, for his daughter wasn’t just beautiful, but smart too, and very like him, even if she wouldn’t admit it.
Andrew jumped when his phone vibrated in his pocket, he knew it was Adrienne. 
‘Daddy?’
‘Adrienne, we’ve all been so worried.’
‘I can’t talk for long, I’ve been called away on business. Please apologise to Sean, it was very sudden, and I forgot my phone.’
‘Adrienne, where are you?’
‘Sorry, I have to go. I’ll see you in a few days, bye…’
‘Something’s not right is it?’ said Sean, looking at Andrew’s face, ‘I can feel it.’

‘Well done,’ said Helleyer, taking the phone from her. He put one finger on her lower lip.
Adrienne was gaining confidence as her headache receded. He might want to bed her, but he might just as easily kill her. He moved his finger around her lips, there was no doubt at all as to what he intended, Adrienne moved her head away.

Helleyer stood up and left the room, but was back soon with a bowl of pasta and sauce. Adrienne had an urge to throw it over him but resisted. She was hungry and needed to keep her body fit, and even more importantly, her mind alert. He put her food down on a nearby table, and then sat down and ate his, all the time watching her. She found it hard to eat as he watched, her throat felt constricted and her stomach didn’t want the food, but she persisted. She supposed it was hard going because she was so frightened.
Helleyer quickly finished his meal and took his bowl out, coming back with a bottle of wine. He opened it, and took out two glasses from a cupboard, poured the wine and handed one to Adrienne.
‘No thank you.’
‘It will help you eat.’
‘I’m not hungry.’ It was true, now her head was pounding again, and she could hardly hold her head up, never mind get the fork to her mouth.
‘It’s a good wine, just taste it.’
‘I’m feeling too ill to eat.’
‘Then lie down,’ he helped her up and onto the couch, and pulled his chair closer. ‘Open he said, holding the wine glass to her lips, ‘this will help you relax a little.’
She took a few sips and he did the same with her food, feeding her like a baby. He was being kind, perhaps he wouldn’t kill her after all? Then their eyes met, and she knew he was only being kind because he wanted something.

As she ate and drank at his bidding, she went over her options in her mind. If I gave in and pretended I liked it, would he learn to care for her? Adrienne decided it was very doubtful, he was ruthless, and she was just being naïve if she believed this type of man might come to care for anyone. So what might happen if she refused? Simple, he would rape her and perhaps then treat her badly, possibly hurt, if not kill her? Would it matter if she let him fuck her? After all, she had sex with Liam purely because she wanted a man, not because she felt anything more, so could she do what was technically the same now? Forgive me Joe she thought, and then saw Sean’s face, and she repeated to herself, no forgive me, Sean.

He was right, she did feel better after the food and wine. He filled the glass up again and left it where she could reach it, while he cleared away. Adrienne found it odd such a frightening man could be so domesticated. She was almost asleep when he came back in. He sat down and stared at her again, her gown had slipped open, and his eyes went down to her cleavage. Adrienne pulled the robe closed.
‘You are a fine looking woman, Adrienne, well only just a woman. I supposed you would still be described as a girl. I didn’t believe in the power of love until Joe told me he only wanted to fuck you. Hell, for years we’d been fucking any decent bitch we could get hold of. Then one day he said to me, ‘I’ve found my wife, she’s bloody beautiful and innocent, and I don’t want your whores anymore’. I didn’t think it would last, I thought after a few months he’d be back to his old ways, but no, he never did. I was fed up of hearing about you - Addy this, Addy that. He never suggested I might meet you. Do you know why? He said you were too innocent and pure, and he was changing his life, so there would be nothing in it he could be ashamed of, and when we decided to go our separate ways, he agreed to give me two million each year. He was making too much money, he needed to get rid of some…’

Adrienne was fascinated.  Helleyer’s eyes never left hers, and then the words she knew were coming. ‘All the time you believed your precious Joe was a nice, regular guy. Do you want to know the real Joe Branston? His father may have left him the clubs and his money, but Joe was already richer than his old man. He started stealing cars and dealing when he was just a boy, and he just got better at it, and so richer and richer. He never got caught, no one ever told the police what a very naughty boy he was, hard to believe isn’t it, he never got caught? He stole prestige cars, and sold them to the US, the Middle East and Africa, anywhere there was a market. Hence, the real reason for the garage. John Clarke knew all about it, and so did the others. Frank Anderson was his father’s accountant, yes, but Joe’s too, and he knows all about his real business, you could say he is in deep. Steve Preston who helps you with the flat now, was one of his dad’s minders.  Do you know why Joe’s father died? Because he refused to pay a very bad man an outrageous sum of money for protection. So do you know what Joe did about it? He got his revenge, slowly and surely, bodies turned up in the river, and there are plenty buried in concrete too. Everyone who had anything to do with his father’s death died. Then Joe killed the three men he’d hired to help conduct his private war. That’s the kind of man your Joe was.’

Adrienne’s heart pounded and her head hurt again. ‘You’re lying.’
‘Am I? Think about it.’ Did she believe him? She didn’t want to hear any more terrible things about Joe, but Helleyer continued. ‘The cars were lucrative, yes, but the drugs he smuggled more so. You see, he used the cars to smuggle in the drugs, nothing new, only this was the early days and Joe didn’t get caught, now everything is so much harder. So he used alternative methods, and again he didn’t get caught, and he got rid of anybody who might lead the police to him. Bad, bad boy Joe was.’ Helleyer smiled. ‘Oh he certainly was, clever too, no one put his name to anything because he never left any loose ends…’ Adrienne shook her head. ‘There was just one person bad boy Joe was frightened of - me.’
‘You are lying,’ Adrienne repeated, looking away from those cold eyes.
‘You know I’m not, and your father had a good idea too, and proof of some of the milder stuff, just as well it was mild, or Joe might have got rid of your daddy too. But Andrew Scott-Ramsey’s no one’s fool, he knew the man his darling daughter married was a very bad man.’
Dad had something on Joe and didn’t tell me? Of course, he wouldn’t, I’d never have believed him. I am so naïve, she thought. Curiously, she believed everything Helleyer told her, but it cost her dearly.
‘I want two million, ok?’ She nodded. ‘Good, but that’s not all I want.’ She knew exactly what was coming. ‘If you don’t let me fuck you and be nice about it, I’ll kill Sean.’
‘If I do, will you let me go home?’ she sounded like a little girl, not the usually self-possessed, rich bitch.
‘Yes, I will,’ he said undoing the belt on the bathrobe, ‘Let me see what my bonus is, so this is what Joe wanted so much.’ He put his lips to her breasts and gently sucked at her nipples as one hand went between her legs. He smiled and looked pleased. ‘You’re so fucking wet.’
He gently pulled her onto the rug in front of the fire. ‘I want you to remember this.’

He was a selfish lover, so unlike the three men, she’d slept with previously, he seemed to take forever. Adrienne contributed nothing and yet she still had an orgasm. Helleyer felt it and smiled and then thrust even harder, grabbing her breasts so hard it hurt. His face was cruel, Adrienne couldn’t bear to look at him, so she closed her eyes until she felt him shudder before he ejaculated.
It was then it dawned on her he hadn’t worn protection, and he said he’d been with prostitutes. So had Joe, her little voice said.
‘Next time Adrienne I’d like a little more input from you. I know how much you like to fuck, and just how athletic you normally are.’ Adrienne turned her eyes towards the flames of the fire. ‘I’ll run you a bath,’ he said as he pulled up his pants.

Joe was frightened of him, Adrienne thought, and so am I. Oh, daddy, I’m so sorry, you were right. He helped her back into the bathrobe and led her back up the stairs. She sat quietly as he ran her bath. Then, as if she were a baby, he lovingly washed her. Exactly how Adrienne felt, a stupid, naive little girl.
He dried her and rubbed in body lotion, even her moisturiser. That was when Adrienne started to feel violated, not so much at the rape, but at the delight, he took as he carefully rubbed in the lotions, but because he knew the brands she always bought, even her toothpaste. After he dried her hair, he put his nose into it. Every gentle, motherly touch made Adrienne more and more terrified.
She would never get over this, even if he did let her go, she’d always feel as if he had some kind of hold over her, she would never be free of him. She tried hard not to panic.
He put hot-water bottles on her side of the bed, pulled the bedclothes back and tucked her in, then kissed her forehead. She heard him having a shower. She should try to escape, but she just lay there. I suppose I’m in shock she thought.

He came in naked, he had a well-defined and muscled body for his age, with not an inch of fat, and she could see he was proud of the way he looked. He got into bed and turned out the light. Adrienne felt tears coming as she tensed, expecting him to take her again, but all he did was to hold her close as she sobbed.

It was early in the morning when he had her again. She had lain awake for ages needing the lavatory, and yet too scared to move. In the end, she had to. He was awake when she came back to bed. Why had she, why didn’t she try to escape? She knew why she told herself, it was because they were in the middle of nowhere, and she had no idea how to break into a car, or start it, like on the movies. Ironic when you consider what her husband’s real trade had been if she’d known she would have asked him how. She stood there looking at him, worse she felt slightly hysterical as if she wanted to laugh.
‘Come back to bed darling, I want you again,’ she did as he asked. ‘You get on top, this time, you fuck me. He was ready for her and she put him in her. ‘You fuck me this time,’ he repeated. She closed her eyes, trying to pretend he was Sean, wondering why she hadn’t tried to escape, worse, she had another orgasm. Then he rolled her over and kept going. ‘I’ll fuck you until you like it - until you stop pretending I’m Sean Penthrick, even if we have to do this all day…’

He kept her another two days - each day a repeat of the previous one, lots of sex, and Adrienne finally stopped pretending he was Sean. He loved to wash her, feed her, touch her and then on the last morning, he gave her freshly laundered clothes, and took her to another car parked next to hers, in a large barn-like garage, and handed her the keys.
She felt numb, but she had to drive, she fumbled as she looked for an ignition key.
‘Just press the button, Addy. Keys are in the dash drawer. The main road is left. Drive safely darling,’ he said sarcastically, ‘I’ll be in touch.’

Adrienne didn’t remember driving home, parking the car, or letting herself into her flat, nor how long she’d sat on the couch staring into space, before getting up, and shakily pouring a very large Scotch. As before, it was hard to get the glass to her mouth and she spilt some of it, as the liquid relaxed her she wondered what to do. He’d kill Sean, he would kill anybody who got in his way. Finally, she made a decision and a phone call.’
‘Daddy,’ she said, ‘please can you come over to my place now. Alone, and come quickly.’
Chapter 10


When Andrew saw his daughter’s pale, frightened face, he was shocked, even more so when she hugged him and started to cry.
‘Adrienne darling, what’s wrong?’
‘Oh daddy, he said if I didn’t do as he wanted, he’d kill Sean.’
‘Come and sit down and tell me what’s happened? You are shaking. Who said they’d kill Sean, this Helleyer character?’
‘How do you know?’
‘You left a message at reception saying he was not to be admitted.’
‘Oh yes, of course, I did.’
‘We came here after you failed to turn up for your date with Sean.’
‘Oh please, don’t tell him or mummy what’s happened?’
‘Darling start at the beginning…’ Andrew looked angry. But he held her hand and found a clean handkerchief, immaculately laundered as always and gave it to her. ‘What did he… want?’ he couldn’t say do.
‘He wanted two million pounds he said at first, but then when he … had me… he never mentioned it again. He said if I didn’t let him, he’d kill Sean.’
‘Oh god, Adrienne.’
You were right about Joe,’ she said waiting for a reaction. There was none. ‘Helleyer said you knew all about him… but you didn’t tell me?’
‘Why upset you, even more, he seemed to have turned over a new leaf, if I came to you with my findings, wouldn’t I have alienated you even further?’
‘Yes,’ she admitted.
‘So I kept quiet, but I continued to have him followed. Describe Helleyer to me.’
‘He’s tall, fairly slim with very short, light hair, sort of blond/grey mix. I’m not sure, anything from the late thirties to forties, he may be even older. He has a very slight accent, again I’m not sure what, Scots perhaps. He is very well dressed.’
‘I believe he met with Joe several times. I have photos, he had a different name, Davison I think. I’ll get them sent over. I’ll phone my secretary for the file.’
‘Tell her not to tell Sean, please.’
‘Why because you slept with Helleyer?’ he asked gently.
She nodded and started crying again. ‘I believed him when he said he’d kill Sean.’
‘Do you care for Sean?’
‘Yes, but it’s over before it started, when he finds out what happened he won’t want me any more will he?

She sounded so young, Andrew fought to control his temper so as not to frighten her even more. ‘Darling Sean’s a grown man he won’t…’
‘Yes, he will… I can’t quite put it into words…’ she said, her eyes wide with fear. ‘He didn’t use any protection,’ she said embarrassed, ‘but it wasn’t just that - the way he treated me - I feel as if I belong to him now. I’m not making any sense am I?’
Andrew understood what she was trying to say and it worried him. Just when she was getting over Joe’s death and found a decent boyfriend. He would have to tell Sean, fuck what a horrible mess. He should have fought harder to get her away from Joe Branston. But Adrienne saw her husband as a good man. She was still a child and knew nothing about life. As for Felicity, how could he tell her, she knew even less than her daughter, his beautiful little girl traumatised by that animal, whatever his name was?
‘Daddy, I’m sorry I thought I hated you, but I didn’t, not really and I made mummy kick you out and I shouldn’t have. I should have tried to get you back together, she still loves you, and I’ve stuffed everything up.’
‘Well at least we can fix that up Adrienne, I still love her too, I realised when you threw me out.’ Now keep calm Andrew. What if my baby has AIDS or something, she must be thinking the same thing, poor darling.

He got up to phone his secretary, his mind racing as to what to do next, first find out who the hell Helleyer is? It was time to call in favours, and he had a lot of powerful and useful friends. Adrienne would need a decent bodyguard too, not one of Joe’s wide boys. Blood test too. He was a hard man who made hard decisions every day, but this was his daughter. And he loved her more than anything or anybody. True, he was still very fond of Felicity, but he had believed she was only interested in having a comfortable life. He’d never thought of replacing her, though many of his mistresses tried. Andrew Scott-Ramsey knew Felicity was an asset in many ways they could never be, she never let him down.

He hadn’t smoked for twenty years but he wanted a cigarette now. He poured himself a scotch and topped up Adrienne’s glass. At least she’d stopped crying, but she looked awful with her pale face and red eyes, even her lips had no colour. ‘Have you a cigarette?’ he said not finding one in the box in the cupboard where Adrienne kept her drinks.
‘Yes, I don’t fill the box, there are some in the kitchen cupboard, I’ll get them, but I’ve never seen you smoke, only a cigar once, the one mummy hated the smell of.’
‘Ah yes, when I got control of the old building society.’
Adrienne came back with an unopened packet and an expensive gold lighter, which must have been Joes.
‘I smoked too after Joe died,’ she said handing them to her father. He offered her one too, and she took it.
‘Adrienne you must never see this man again, and especially not alone. I know you won’t like it, but I’m going to organise some proper security for you. Now don’t argue…’
‘I wasn’t going to. He’s not going to give up, believe me,’ she sounded calmer, more like her old self. ‘Even if Sean doesn’t want to have anything more to do with me, then that’s fine, at least he will be alive. Helleyer is capable of anything and he will do as he says if we aren’t very careful. I feel as if he intends to try to control me. I can’t quite put my finger on why, and I said I’d give him the money, it’s the easy bit, but if I think it will be the end of it - it won’t. He said Joe used to be a womaniser before he met me…’
It relieved him, she had to be feeling a bit better, but there again she was strong like he was, nothing like her gentle mother Felicity, who needed cherishing, loving and understanding. He had failed her utterly, but he knew he hadn’t failed Adrienne.
Andrew’s mobile rang; ‘No that’s fine Diane, I’ll deal with it.’
‘What’s wrong?’
‘Sean caught Diane with the file and said he’d bring it, she couldn’t stop him, he’s on his way over with it.’
‘No please, I can’t face him. I’m going for a shower, please send him away.’
‘Shouldn’t we call the police first and get a doctor to examine you?’
‘You weren’t listening, it wasn’t rape - not really. I decided to have sex with him, it seemed sensible at the time. I had to do as he asked. I’ve had sex without love before. I knew I could again.’
‘Oh my god, Adrienne!’ Andrew got up, brought over the Scotch bottle, and then reached for another cigarette. ‘No, I don’t understand, why did you agree to sleep with him as if it didn’t matter.’
‘I agreed because I was under duress, yes I admit it. Haven’t you had lots of sex without love, you must have, or you would have dumped mummy years ago and re-married?’ Another dig at her father. ‘It wasn’t so bad, most of the time it wasn’t bad at all. I can’t explain my feelings, but I do know I can’t see Sean.’
‘Adrienne, as you say I do know the difference between sex and love, and I’m sure Sean does too. Most sensible men know women aren’t different.’
‘He didn’t revolt me,’ Adrienne admitted, looking directly at her father, ‘in fact something was compelling about him, strong and powerful as if he were barely under control. Odd, but somehow I felt safe with him like I do with you, and yet another part of me was terrified because this was a stranger. He said if I didn’t do as he asked he’d kill me, but daddy I think he didn’t want to. Worse, I think he may have murdered Joe, they never found the killer did they?’ She swallowed her pride and admitted what she didn’t want her father to hear but he must. ‘He said Joe… was not a good man, although no one knew how bad he was, and  you only had hearsay, nothing concrete you could use against him, then I wondered if you had would you have used it?’
Andrew shook his head, ‘No, no I’d never do anything to hurt you.’
‘Daddy, I know he will come back for me.’
‘We’ll get protection for Sean too, and your mother and I admit I’d better have someone to watch my back too.’
‘Yes,’ Adrienne sounded calm, as if talking candidly about her experiences rationalised everything. ‘I’ll have a blood test tomorrow, but I don’t want to see Sean.’ She got up, went into her bedroom and closed the door. Andrew continued smoking his cigarette.

Chapter 11


Few men would ever consider disobeying Andrew Scott-Ramsey, and Sean Penthrick was one of them.
Adrienne sat at her dressing table drying her hair. She felt better after her shower, and even more so after being so candid with her father, funny how she could always tell him anything, whereas she was much more careful with what she told her mother. She felt safer knowing he was with her, and yet if she thought about it, what protection could he give her against a man like Helleyer? She finished, and as she combed her hair into shape, heard her father shouting, another voice answered the same way, it was Sean.

She made another decision, she couldn’t just hide from the world, or Helleyer would win the battle for her mind. She quickly pulled on a pair of track pants and a long-sleeved t-shirt, unlocked the door, and went out to the living room.
‘I’m not going anywhere until I see her…’
‘She’s in no state to see anyone,’ Andrew shouted back.
‘That’s enough both of you, stop it.’  They both stopped at her words. ‘Daddy, I’m sure if you try, you can make an instant coffee, can you leave Sean, and I alone for a moment please.’
Andrew felt relieved if he and Adrienne were right about Sean, then he would stick by her, if not, then best they found out now. He nodded and went into the kitchen.

There was no door in the kitchen, so Adrienne motioned for Sean to follow her into the television room, where they could close the door.
‘Please won’t you sit down Sean?’ it sounded as if she were talking to a stranger. Adrienne sat on the other couch. ‘This isn’t easy for me to say, but I have to face you.’
‘You don’t think you can love me?’ he sounded guarded.
‘No,’ Adrienne was honest with him, ‘quite the opposite. I believe I could fall deeply in love with you, even though we haven’t known each other very long.’
‘So then what is this all about, I saw the file - it’s this person Helleyer isn’t it?’
‘I haven’t looked at the file.’
‘Andrew says you can’t see me right now, but won’t give me any reason as to why not.’
This was much harder than her frank conversation with her father. Although she didn’t want to lose Sean, and she had just told him she was falling in love with him, and she believed he felt the same about her.
‘You may want to call us off when I tell you was has happened Sean, and I won’t blame you.’ She couldn’t meet his eyes but was gazing at the empty screen on the large television. ‘I couldn’t meet you because - oh Sean, this sounds so crazy, because I was with another man, no that’s not right either, wait a minute, let me try again.’ She paused for a few seconds. ‘I met him a few days ago, he said he was a business partner of Joe, and I owed him two million pounds. He frightened me and at first, I was unsure what to do about him. I decided to ring my father and ask him for help, but before I had the chance, somehow Helleyer got in here and drugged me. I woke up in some old house miles from anywhere, to be honest, I was so traumatised I couldn’t find it again, at least not now, perhaps later…. He made it obvious he wanted more than my money. It was really scary, he looked after me as if I were a small child; he bathed me, fed me...’ Oh god, he knew what she was saying. ‘I let him, partly because he said he’d kill you if I didn’t,’ she felt like crying again. ‘I knew he would do as he said, and to be honest, even if he hadn’t said I’d have let him, you see I was so frightened I thought it easier…’
Sean came over and sat next to her. ‘Oh, beautiful, I don’t care.’
‘There’s more,’ this was the hardest thing to say, it made her feel more ashamed than anything because it was in the present. She leant against his shoulder. ‘He didn’t use...’
Sean interrupted, ‘I know what you mean. We’ll sort it out, I promise.’
Adrienne wept over Sean’s expensive suit.

It was Sean who made her get into bed and stayed with her until she fell asleep, the scotch helped, and then he went to see Andrew who was staring out of the window.
‘I hope you are as fond of my daughter as you appear to be?’ said Andrew, handing him a much-needed drink.
‘Yes, I think I am.’
‘Think? Sean what will be will be. I’m realising I can’t order everything in my life to go just as I want it to. Adrienne's right, I did pick you for her, because you are the total opposite of bloody, Joe Branston. I thought, at last, she likes someone I like, I was right about him, and everything was going my way. My way mind, not Adriennes. Still, she seems to reciprocate your feelings?’
‘I believe so.’
‘Think so, believe so, you are not convincing. What if she has some horrible disease from this man?’
‘We don’t know Andrew, I’ve never seen you so negative,’ Sean was angry, but he wasn’t sure who with.
‘I know it’s not the way it should be, but my daughter means more to me than anything, ask my wife, she knows just how much.  I stuffed up there too. Felicity was a perfect wife, elegant, decorative, and said just the right things and never let me down - not once, while I let her down constantly. I loved her yes, but took her for granted, nothing else mattered but my beautiful little girl ran into my arms when I got home, nothing else, and nobody else mattered. It got worse as I realised how bright she was, what an heir she’d be, and I’d build her a company second to none, and she could take over, a real chip off the old block. I should have realised little girls grow up and leave their daddy, and I would just have Felicity, and now I don’t have her, and I regret that too. Sean, if you have any doubts you can’t cope with what is going on, I would prefer you told me right now. If you can’t, well it might be best we part company, not with any rancour on my part, in fact with a large handshake and an excellent reference, you’ll have no trouble getting another job.’
‘For god’s sake Andrew, what sort of person do you think I am, I’m staying, as you say Adrienne is a special girl. I’ve never met anyone who pisses me off as she does, I want to strangle her one minute, for being such a perfect bitch, and then….’
‘Good, I feel the same way, she’s been like that since she was eleven, never with her mother, just with me.’ Andrew looked relieved.

Sean stayed in the spare room. The next morning Meadows was in her kitchen, she refused a cooked breakfast, but accepted a cup of coffee. He was polite as always but as cold as ever, she was surprised her father liked him, probably because he was so devoted, as well as efficient. She had hated him as a child and played endless jokes on him. Once she glued his suit pockets shut, she knew she owed him, because he never told her parents, just chastised her, which was in some ways worse. After all, he was very good at telling her off, and he made her feel ashamed. After that, she’d stopped the jokes and avoided him wherever possible.

Her father came about midday, to see how she was, she looked better but her eyes were still heavy with crying. He took the file from the coffee table and showed her the photos his secretary Diane had looked out for him.
‘Yes, that’s him.’ she admitted. ‘I’m fine really, don’t worry,’ she lied, looking closely at the photos. She felt far from fine.
Andrew nodded. ‘Sean is going to stay with you for now, and so is Meadows. I’ve arranged with the body corporate here to add extra security at my own cost, as well as getting you both personal minders - that’ll ensure your safety from now on.
Adrienne didn’t tell her father, she didn’t feel safe anywhere right now. Her father left again, and her private GP came and took some blood. He’d been her doctor since she’d been born, a canny Scot like her father. He was more professional than usual and didn’t ask too many questions, and Adrienne was grateful.

That afternoon she watched TV with Sean in the television room. He insisted on putting his arm around her, but both of them knew, for now, their sexual relationship was on hold. Adrienne felt a little safer with the extra security, but she was frightened more for Sean than herself. She knew Helleyer would do as he said, and kill Sean, but what about his feelings for her, was it just lust, or something weirder. Whatever it was, Adrienne couldn’t stop thinking about the last few days. She felt naïve and vulnerable, and she didn’t like it.

Andrew Scott-Ramsey had been to school or Oxford with many who were now in positions of power. He’d played the spy game before, so he knew to take several taxis and a very convoluted route, walking through several markets and alleyways to MI5 headquarters.
He was quickly shown to the chief’s office. They had never been close friends, but like many old Eton boys, they’d stuck together. After lunch, and an expected offer of help, he took yet another route back to Adrienne's flat. At least he now knew exactly whom they were up against, and the bad news was, he was a very cunning adversary. Just like Joe, nothing concrete only rumours. He considered telling Adrienne and Sean a watered-down version of the truth, but those two were canny, they knew his every nuance, so it would have to be the truth. Meadows discreetly went to make a pot of tea.

‘It’s not good news is it?’ Adrienne asked bluntly.
‘No, it’s not.’ Andrew admitted.
‘Then who the devil is he?’ asked Sean.
‘His real name is Peter Schulman, an East German by birth. His father was a member of the Stasi, the East German equivalent of the KGB. Long before the wall came down, he quietly left, taking his young son Peter with him, he went to the USSR, and when it fell apart too, he and his son became many things, all bad. Mainly dealing in selling arms to anyone who wanted them, using stock from the collapse of the Soviet Army, lots of people did the same, now fantastically rich oligarchs, un-touchable. Drugs too, I knew your Joe was involved, many people did but weren’t keen on telling anyone.  MI5 have photos of Joe with Schulman, whom they are more interested in. A few years ago, Joe dropped off their radar, and we know why he did. Adrienne, I’m so sorry, perhaps I should have told you?’
‘No, I’m glad I didn’t know. I’ve grown up a lot these last few days.’
‘Yes I know darling, but there’s more I’m afraid. The main reason Schulman is of interest to MI5 and 6, is not the drugs, nor the weapons, but the contact he has had with known terrorists, possibly as some kind of instructor. They know him as Colonel Rudi Schlatt. He was pulled in, in Italy years ago, but they didn’t have enough on him to keep him. He’s a very clever bastard, as Rudi Schlatt, he had black hair and brown contact lens, until then no one had photos. He’s amassed a huge fortune in banks all over the world, but most of it in countries, who don’t ask questions. No known family, not involved with a woman in a relationship, except for once, he was married, when he was very young. There are suspicions about what happened to her. It is believed he is a ruthless killer if anyone stands in his way, again all hearsay, but it is believed he often does the killing himself…’ Andrew couldn’t go on.
Sean looked worried, but Adrienne didn’t look surprised. ‘And I thought he was a Scot,’ she gave a quick laugh. ‘Sean, you must stay away from me.’
‘No!’

‘Sean, Adrienne's right,’ insisted Andrew, ‘If he sees you as a rival he may kill you. Though my contact says his interest in you is surprising Adrienne, he’s always been considered cold-blooded as far as the opposite sex is concerned.’
‘Oh he knew what he was doing all right,’ Adrienne said before she could stop herself.
Silence.
Andrew broke it. ‘Nevertheless, it is felt to be unusual as far as Schulman is concerned. I have been offered assistance, and to be honest they would like him out of the way if they can get something concrete on him. My friend Jeremy Coulter would like to interview you today Adrienne. I said you will co-operate.’ It was a statement, not a request.
She nodded, she remembered Jeremy Coulter, he’d been a guest at their home on several occasions. At first glance, nothing was interesting about the large man with a florid complexion, except perhaps in the perceptive way he looked at you as if he could see inside your head.

Surprisingly, he came to see her, although he waited out in the hall near the little-used stairwell, they were unsure if they’d cleaned all the surveillance equipment from the flat and wanted another look.
‘It’s a little chilly outside Adrienne. You will need your coat. My car’s waiting underneath, we’ve already cleaned the area, so it’s now private, nothing interesting found in the Lexus he gave you by the way. Andrew you’ll need to clear out too, while my chaps bring in more technology and have another look around. I’d suggest there still might be some things here which shouldn’t be, even if we’ve found a few obvious ones. Don’t worry, your father and Sean will be quite safe Adrienne, I have some of my best men here to look after them. If you like Andrew, you can return to the office, you must have a lot to do.’
‘I’d like to go with Adrienne,’ said Sean, anxious not to let her out of his sight again.

Jeremy put his finger over his mouth and led Sean deeper into the corridor. ‘Sean, I do understand how you are feeling, but I have known Adrienne for many years, she doesn’t need your protection, I’m not going to bully her. This is not a game, Peter Schulman is a cold-blooded killer, and now for some reason, we can’t work out, it seems he has taken a shine to your girlfriend, which means you must be sensible and stay away from each other, doesn’t it?
‘He’s right Sean,’ agreed Andrew, ‘What use will you be to Adrienne six feet under? Come on old chap leave Jeremy, and his men to do their job. I’ve managed to get a lease on one of the lower flats for the new security firm to base themselves. Just stay down there until they’ve checked out this place again. I’ll bring back your laptop from the office …’

Adrienne slipped a casual jacket over her clothes. Jeremy Coulter led her down the stairs to an elderly Rolls, with dark windows, and his chauffeur opened the door for them.
‘This is my alternative office. Try to relax as we go for a drive, and while we do, please allow me to offer you some champagne.’ With difficulty, because of his size, he pulled out two glasses from a hidden cupboard and then the champagne, it looked well chilled. ‘The last thing I want you to think is this is an interrogation Adrienne.’ She nodded. ‘In your case, it may be easier because I have known you since your christening, but her Majesty’s Secret Service seems to terrify anyone who unwittingly gets involved. Our reputation precedes us, and with all the spy films, and television portrayals, well, it’s hardly surprising. I want you to take your time and answer at your leisure,’ he handed her a glass of champagne, but left his in the groove on the table,
‘He bugged my flat as well as the car park?’ Adrienne asked.
‘Yes, but we can’t be sure if it’s all found yet, we expect to find more. Relax Adrienne, this is very good champagne,’ he topped her glass up. ‘I am surprised Schulman is taking such a great interest in you. I’ve always thought you a fine-looking young woman, like your mother, however, apart from his use of some rather expensive call girls, Schulman has not had a permanent relationship with a woman since his wife, and that was over twenty years ago.’
‘Do you know what happened to her?’
‘Only she disappeared, it’s generally assumed he killed her. She was not faithful, nor discreet about what she got up to.’
‘I don’t understand why you, or the police, don’t arrest him for something?’
‘Ah, if it were only as easy as it is in the movies, to bring bad men to justice. His father was grooming him as a future member of the Stasi as a very young child, but the family left East Germany at the first sign of trouble and went to the USSR, where they did pretty much what they liked. Of course, everyone knows about Soviet corruption, it’s difficult to deal with, many die on both sides, even these days. There is nothing on Schulman, which gives anyone any evidence there is something in his past we can try him on, anywhere in the world, and the Russians certainly wouldn’t volunteer it if there were, unless it suits them. He is a very clever man and has not left a trail, so all we can do is watch him, hoping he makes a mistake, and you seem to be that mistake. Now, why is he taking such an interest in you?’
‘I’ve been thinking a lot,’ she said slowly, trying to get her thoughts and ideas into perspective. ‘He said Joe, my late husband, was a great womaniser before he met me, and then he changed drastically, and became a perfect husband overnight. Helleyer, I mean Schulman,’ she corrected, ‘wondered how a woman could change a man. That’s not it though is it, it can’t be so simple?’

Jeremy topped up her glass again. ‘Have you ever met or seen him before he intercepted you in the street?’
‘No, never. Joe always conducted his business away from home, now I know why. He did give me the impression he’d been following me for a while, but I don’t remember seeing him, though he could have had others doing so, I suppose?’
‘Your husband was murdered I believe, it looked as if he had been mugged, but they weren’t convinced. And as he’d been a long time suspect too, he was soon identified. No killer, no leads, no apparent reason, so the police put it down to his owning several nightclubs and a few pubs, and he’d probably fallen foul of some nasty heavies, a protection racket perhaps? Like his father? They appreciated he wasn’t dealing anymore.’
‘They didn’t tell me.’
‘No? Now I wonder why they didn’t delve a little into your late husband’s past and ask you a lot more questions than they did, it was as if they already knew about Joe, and your husband was very clever wasn’t he, and never got caught, but I bet if we pushed we’d find a large police file on him?’
Adrienne nodded. ‘He must have been clever, to get away with everything, the police knew who he was when they saw the body, and it did seem strange at the time, but I wasn’t thinking clearly. As you say I may only have the television and movies to go on, but it seems to me the police always know about the criminals…’ she couldn’t say, Joe,  ‘even if they can’t prove it, especially car theft and drugs, and he owned clubs? Joe was strong physically and very careful, the murder seemed - odd somehow. You think Schulman killed Joe don’t you?’
‘Do you?’
‘Yes, I’ve wondered, but I don’t want to believe it?’
‘Why not, surely you would like to know who killed your husband?
‘I don’t want it to be Schulman,’ she sounded desperate. 
‘Why not?’  She put her head down and shook it. ‘Do you find him attractive Adrienne?’ Jeremy asked in a calm, matter-of-fact way. She shrugged her shoulders. ‘Adrienne?’
‘I suppose so,’ she said eventually, ‘he’s a lot like my father in some ways, strong and powerful. It took a lot for me to stand up to him, it still does, but it made me stronger because I do. But with Schulman it’s different - he is always in control. I’m not explaining this very well, am I?

Jeremy Coulter knew exactly how she felt about Schulman, even if Adrienne couldn’t understand it. There wasn’t much he didn’t know about the complexities of human nature - he had made a life-long study of it. ‘Sean Penthrick strikes me as a fine, young man by female standards, I would think?’ he asked, changing the subject. Adrienne nodded and looked up again. ‘And yet you seem determined to encourage him to leave you?’
‘Yes, I have to, Helleyer - Schulman, will kill him otherwise.’
‘You care deeply for Sean?’
‘Yes, I think I might.’
‘Perhaps love him?’
‘Yes I think so, although we haven’t known each other for very long, I believe I do.’ The champagne was doing its job, she was far more relaxed.
‘And Schulman?
‘No, I don’t love him!’
‘But you want him?’
‘Yes... no, I’m confused. No, I’m not, I’m frightened of him, I wish he were dead.’
‘So then you wouldn’t have to choose between Schulman and Sean?’
‘You are twisting my words.’
‘No Adrienne, I’m trying to understand what is happening between you and Schulman, just as you are, and the only way we can both understand is by you admitting your real feelings. Does Schulman love you?’
‘I don’t know,’ she looked out of the window, ‘sometimes in his eyes, I saw something, tenderness like when you look at a baby, or a puppy or kitten. Then his eyes would change as if I were a threat. No, it was as if he felt threatened by his feelings for me. Why I was so terrified because the signs he gave me were so conflicting. Can I go home please Mr Coulter, I’m not feeling very well?’
‘Just a little longer Adrienne my dear. Is he coming for you?’
‘Yes, I’m certain he will.
‘Do you know when?’
‘I’m not in league with him. Is that what you think?’ Adrienne felt angry suddenly, and frustrated.
‘I know. I’m not taking you back home. With your father’s agreement, it is felt you would be safer in hiding for now. I have arranged somewhere more secure for you to stay, somewhere Peter Schulman doesn’t know about.  Just while we try to find him, better we are hunting him, than he is you. We don’t want to make things too easy for him do we?’
Chapter 12


The house was in a character-less north-western suburb, in a new pocket of expensive, detached homes. The old Rolls Royce looked very out of place, even if the circular drive leading to the house was impressive, this was BMW territory.
Adrienne finished off the bottle of champagne and joined Jeremy Coulter in a fine cognac. It had been a very long drive, with several stops, and probably in circles too. Adrienne was a little unsteady when the Chauffeur opened the car door for her. Once Adrienne was out, he then opened the boot, pulled out a case and took it inside.

Coulter didn’t get out of the car, as a woman came out to meet them. ‘This is Susan Bright, Adrienne, she will look after you. I will be in touch if there is any news for you.’
‘What about my parents and Sean, where we followed here?’ She whispered. 
‘We took precautions, and he didn’t see you getting into the car.  I will look after them for you, but for now, you need to stay here. Goodbye, be a brave girl,’ he said as if she were six years old.

Susan Bright looked every inch a policewoman, but she had a pleasant smile. ‘I’ll take you to your room, Adrienne. Chilly old day isn’t it,’ she said conversationally as she led Adrienne up the stairs. ‘It’s at the back,’ she showed her into a pretty room, which looked as if it had been decorated for a young teenage daughter, about twenty years ago, in a house not that old. The furniture was ordinary and the room bare, empty of anything but the basics for sleep and small wardrobe and drawers.  ‘The bathroom is next door. Please don’t go near the windows, especially if the curtains are open and the lights on. Aren’t those nets horrific? My mother put those on my bedroom window, and I hated them.’ The small case was on the bed. Adrienne opened it. It was obvious Meadows had packed it for her, everything was perfect.
‘Why don’t you put your things away, while I make you a cup of tea. Are you hungry?’ Adrienne shook her head. ‘There’s a buzzer by the bed if you need anything push it. I’ll show you around later, not that there is much to see.’

Adrienne automatically unpacked Meadows work of art, it seemed a shame to disturb anything. Susan Bright was soon back with a mug of tea. ‘When you are settled in, come downstairs and meet the others.’

She went downstairs. There was a young man sat at the table with Susan. The window blinds angled carefully so no one could see inside.
‘Just pop the mug on the draining board, Adrienne,’ said Susan, ‘I’ll put the machine on later, after dinner. This is Lucas,’ she introduced the fresh-faced young man. ‘I’ll introduce you to the others as we see them. We have a car and a van parked close by, so there are plenty of people looking out for you.’
Adrienne tuned out, as Susan explained what she had to do to avoid being seen from the windows again, and what was being done to keep her safe. Lucas, on the other hand, seemed to be a man of few words, quite the opposite of the pleasant, but very gregarious Susan. Adrienne smiled as she finished, and said she was tired and wanted to have a nap. Susan gave her a glass of cold water from the fridge to take up with her after Adrienne refused a sandwich. 
‘Lucas will sit outside your door from now on, until someone else relieves him, so don’t worry if you hear noises outside on the landing. Now don’t forget, close the curtains before putting the light on.’
Adrienne nodded and said thank you.
She stripped down to her t-shirt and panties and got into the single bed. The sheets felt a little cold but she soon fell asleep.

She woke up suddenly, it was dark and someone was in the room. It was Susan.
‘Sorry, Adrienne I didn’t mean to wake you, just checking if you closed the curtains. We’ve eaten but I saved you some pasta. Shall I reheat it for you?’
‘Yes please, I’m hungry. I won’t be long.’
‘We’ve DVD’s to watch, you’ll get down in the dumps if you stay up here all the time. There are some paperbacks too.’
Susan was impossibly jolly, Adrienne decided, especially when she felt so depressed, although she knew she meant well. ‘Thanks, I’ll be down soon.’

Susan introduced another two men, both older than Lucas, and just as reserved. She ate a decent Bolognese and started to watch the comedy film, but she really couldn’t concentrate on it, instead, she kept going over her conversation with Jeremy Coulter.
Did she want Schulman? If she was being honest, yes she did, but differently than she did Sean. I want to be Sean’s wife and have his children, even help him run the business. So why this sexy, horrific, fascination with a man who terrified her? She wanted him now, oh god no, how could she, knowing who he was, and what he may have done?
Susan was talking to her but she didn’t hear her at first. ‘Hungry?’
‘Sorry, no not really.’
‘I’m making cocoa, and these guys always want something to eat for supper. Roy’s gone for some Chinese?’
‘No thanks, not for me, but I’d love a cocoa, thanks.’

She found a book and took the mug upstairs. Outside her door, another man had replaced Lucas. As soon as she drank her cocoa, she left the mug outside the room so house-proud Susan wouldn’t disturb her. She brushed her teeth in the bathroom, and then climbed into the bed, still in her panties and t-shirt, she couldn’t be bothered to change.
She read for a long time before finally turning the light off and falling asleep. She awoke to noise, she assumed it was Susan checking on her, but then a gloved hand went over her mouth.


‘Shush baby.’  Adrienne was fully awake now. He switched on the bedside light so she could see he held a gun close to her throat. ‘I’m going to take my hand away, if you scream or do anything silly, I’ll shoot you, understand?’
Adrienne nodded and he slowly removed his hand. She thought he was going to kiss her, but at the last minute he changed his mind ‘Get dressed,’ he said, ‘I’ve got a car waiting, hurry up.’
‘I’m not going anywhere with you again. Kill me now and get it over with.’
‘You silly bitch,’ he said, ‘get dressed, or do I have to put you to sleep again?’
‘No,’ Adrienne shook her head.
He let her get up, and she pulled on the clothes she’d worn earlier. He watched her dress like a cat watching a mouse. Then he grabbed her again and opened the door pulling her with him. The man outside her room had been shot in the head, and there was another body in the hall - Susan, no not Susan! All Adrienne could hear was the sound of the television, she knew he’d killed all of them.

There was a car waiting in the drive. He made her get in the driver’s seat, and holding the gun discreetly so it pointed at her ribs, made her drive east to the coast. It was light when he directed her into an old shed, in a field close to what looked like an empty farmhouse, he locked the car up. From here, they walked down to an old harbour where several boats were moored, most were battered, old fishing boats, but a few looked like expensive leisure craft.
She had no idea where they were, following Schulman’s directions instead of road signs, if she had registered anything else, it was lost deep in her mind, for terror had made her actions automatic as if her mind had shut down in fear. If one part of her mind was in limbo, the other was working overtime. Wondering, could she grab the gun, but no, he was far too strong and above all, she wanted to get out of this alive, if possible. He held tight to her arm as he guided her onto the jetty, answering pleasantly to any nods or hellos. He led her to a large, new-looking boat and once he had her aboard, handcuffed her to a towel rail in the smart galley, while he went topside.

She felt the engines start, and then saw the boat moving away from the jetty. About a quarter of an hour later Schulman came down and undid the cuffs.
He looked at her with many different emotions flickering over his face. ‘Miss me,’ he asked. She didn’t reply but looked away from him. ‘Up the stairs, I need to keep an eye out for traffic. He sat her in the pilot’s seat and then he did kiss her, she didn’t struggle, but neither did she return his kiss, although part of her wanted to. ‘I missed you baby, too much. I couldn’t stay away. As you told your father, I wasn’t going to give you up.’
‘You listened to everything we said?’
‘Yes. It wasn’t rape. I made a decision which seemed sensible at the time, to do as he asked… Of course, I was listening baby. I got hard as I listened, so I decided I couldn’t wait to fuck you again, and I brought my plans forward.’
She knew she shouldn’t, but she had to ask. ‘You killed all the people looking after me didn’t you?’
‘Baby, it’s my profession and I am very good at it. They were just amateurs. Don’t worry, I’ll make sure our children are very good at whatever they do.’

Adrienne looked shocked and tears came into her eyes. ‘Please let me go, and I hate it when you call me baby like that. If you love me let me go.’
‘Love? I’m not sure I know what love is? Isn’t it what you expect me to say? I suppose we can lose the baby if you don’t like it,’ he held her shoulder too hard.
‘You’re hurting me.’ he released his grip. ‘Then why?’
‘Why? I’m retiring, and I want to settle down with a beautiful, young woman and have a family, what’s so unusual?’
‘You know what I mean, why me?’
‘It seemed Joe was onto a good thing. I’d offer him a beautiful and very expensive call girl, and he’d tell me no thanks. You should see my wife, she’s fucking gorgeous, beats any whore of yours… he says it over and over, and afterwards… Well, you were available, and yes, you were exactly what I wanted. I wanted to check first though, not go through with the full plan, if you didn’t taste, and feel as good as you look, it wouldn’t have gone this far, the first time I was making sure.’

She knew for certain now he’d killed Joe so he could have her, but she kept calm and only said, ‘And if you hadn’t liked me, you would have killed me wouldn’t you?’
He gave a slight smile, ‘Of course, but you were a sensible woman and you made a sensible decision didn’t you?’ The right one for both of us, besides you, weren’t pretending all the time, you wanted me too, you couldn’t hide it. So now I’m taking you to our home.’

Inside she was shaking, she let him make love to her, and if she were honest with herself, she enjoyed it. However, it didn’t mean she wanted to stay with him, she’d go along with him, until her father found her, she was sure he’d never give up looking for her.

Chapter 13


Peter Schulman planned everything perfectly. First, they reached an obscure port on the Portuguese coast, but this wasn’t their final destination. He locked Adrienne in one of the small cabins while he loaded on supplies, and took on what looked like extra fuel. As soon as they were at sea again, he came down and let her out.
‘You still haven’t told me where we are going?’
‘I have a beautiful home waiting for us in the West Indies, you’ll love it. I’ve had it decorated to your taste, and there are servants to do everything for you. There’s a nursery,  and there will be a lady to feed our babies so you won’t be tied down too much, besides you have such beautiful breasts…’
‘And I’d like to keep them that way for a while, I’m far too young to be starting a family.’
‘No, you are at a perfect age for it. I’d like two at least, three or more if you breed easily. As I said, you’ll have lots of help to look after the children, so we can still have a life outside the home. I promise we’ll have a good marriage, I’ll make you happy.’

What could she say in reply? Adrienne turned away and sat on the seat at the stern and watched the foam behind the boat. It was cold, Peter brought a jacket and slipped it over her shoulders. She hated it when he was thoughtful, and it wasn’t an isolated occurrence, it was obvious he wanted to please her. However, it made her believe he wasn’t all bad, and she had to keep remembering he was evil, why he’d killed nice, Susan Bright hadn’t he? She kept seeing her smiling face, she’d never forgotten it? She had to keep remembering Susan, or she would fall in love with him, he was so compelling somehow, and as he already knew, she didn’t mind at all when he made love to her, quite the opposite in fact.

The boat took up most of his time, but a day after leaving Portugal another similar boat pulled up close to theirs, and two men jumped on board after throwing on their bags. They both had very short hair and the look, which said military. They called him Sir, or Colonel. Peter didn’t make any attempt to introduce them to Adrienne, who was lying at the stern working on her tan. Peter spoke in German to the darker of the two, before they both went down to their cabin.
Peter sat near Adrienne. ‘Those are Fuller and Presenquez, they will take over the boat for the rest of the way, so we will have a more relaxing time getting you pregnant.’
‘I told you I’m not ready for babies yet,’ she snapped, ‘what is your damned hurry?’
‘I have an overwhelming desire to pass on my genes,’ he laughed. ‘Besides, who knows what tomorrow holds? From what I know of your father, he won’t give up looking for you, he loves you more than anything or anybody, did you know?’

Andrew Scott-Ramsey felt diminished - powerless for the first time in his life. He told Felicity what was happening, he couldn’t keep it from her any longer, and of course, she was nearly hysterical, so he stayed the night in his old room, smoking and drinking nearly a full bottle of scotch, but still, he couldn’t get to sleep. He was trying to work out what he could do to help find his daughter, and about his wife just a few doors away. Why the hell had they stopped at Adrienne? Felicity had been an excellent mother, their daughter turned out well, apart from her being too stubborn, just like he was. It’s not too late, his little voice told him, and Felicity is still young enough to have more children. He had a mistress but he wouldn’t dream of having children with her, or any of them, just Felicity. Perhaps it was time to say goodbye to the current Samantha, and try to ask Felicity to forgive him, but he wouldn’t blame her if she said no….

Early that morning the house telephone rang, and Felicity came in with the house phone, she was pale-faced and looked worried. ‘Andrew your phone must be turned off, or the battery needs charging. It’s Jeremy, he won’t tell me anything, he insists on speaking to you.’
She stood there as he took the call. Jeremy told him Schulman had kidnapped Adrienne again, and in the process killed six of his operatives. Felicity had gone when he looked up, and he went to look for her in her bedroom, the one they’d shared a long time ago. She was sitting on the bed crying. He sat beside her and pulled her head onto his shoulder.
‘Perhaps I should stay here awhile Felicity?’ She didn’t answer.
He had to tell her about Adrienne, but he didn’t mention the six operatives Schulman had killed in the process. Sean was on his way to god knows where? Felicity was inconsolable. He felt empty - he pain of losing his daughter again was too much. Survive Adrienne, just survive, I promise I won’t stop looking until I find you.
He’d have to ask Alex to take over for a little while, he would tell him the truth so his wife would understand. Then start his search, he’d keep looking until his last breath or last pound, his gut told him he would bring her home.

Chapter 14


With Adrienne gone, Sean was not in imminent danger, so they sent him home. He went straight to the office. Andrew was in a meeting, Diane said, but it wasn’t long before Sean was asked to join them. He found Andrew with a tall, dark man he didn’t know.
‘I heard you were home Sean, but is this wise? I still think you should lie low,’ said Andrew in a more than usual terse manner. ‘You may still be a target.’
‘I may be, but me being cooped up, didn’t help Adrienne, now did it? Damn the fucking danger, Andrew. I rang your home for information, but your wife was crying too much to speak to me. All I heard was the same fucking, bastard kidnapped her again.’  Andrew slumped back in his chair. The silent, lean man in the chair opposite looked impassive. ‘I’m through with hiding, it doesn’t matter about me anymore…’

‘I take it you must be Sean Penthrick?’ It was more of a statement than a question, from the man he still hadn’t been introduced to. He had an American accent.
Sean looked at him, the man didn’t move, but studied Sean in the same way Sean was studying him.
‘Who the hell are you?’ asked Sean, sitting down.
‘Sorry Sean,’ said Andrew, more in control, ‘this is John Stanbourne. He will help us find Adrienne. Jeremy Coultard’s lot have come up against a brick wall, they will keep on looking and will help out if we need it. Jeremy put me on to John here. He says if anyone can trace them, it’s him.’
‘What the hell makes you more capable than our secret service?’ asked Sean, trying to keep his voice level.
‘Calm down,’ said Andrew in a tired sounding voice. ‘We must both remain calm if we are to succeed. Stanbourne is an expert at finding what is lost.’
‘What if she’s dead?’ asked Sean, voicing his real fears.’
‘From the information I’ve received so far, I’d say it’s unlikely,’ said John firmly. If he wanted her dead he would have killed her the first time.’
‘Why did he let her go?’
‘My belief is, it was just a test run, to see how she reacted to him. He was trying to make his mind up as to her suitability.’
‘Suitability for what?’ asked Sean.
‘Companion, mate, even wife, an object of desire in one of those categories, and all the more interesting because someone else wants her too. I believe your girlfriend is quite a looker, is she good in bed?’
‘How dare you talk about Adrienne that way,’ Sean was furious, ‘Andrew?’
Andrew didn’t answer.
‘I understand how you feel Sean, but first, we need to find out why he took her and what his intentions are before we try to find her. If I’m right, he will be trying to impress her, so I doubt if he’s hiding her in Siberia, or a mud hut in Africa. I guess he’s prepared this well in advance and has set up home somewhere luxurious, where he believes he can make her happy.
‘Happy?’ Sean was not happy at all.
‘Sean, you must realise she might find him attractive in a dangerous way, not in the same way she finds you, but in a way she doesn’t understand. From the data Coultard has given me, she does seem to be a little confused as to her feelings for him.’
‘Oh fuck you,’ Sean leant forward in his seat.
 John Stanbourne continued; ‘She told Coultard she loved you.’
‘Sean,’ said Andrew at last, ‘it’s true - listen,’ he found and played part of Adrienne’s conversation with Coultard.

Sean Penthrick was not a weak man by any means, but the sound of Adrienne's voice and the pain she felt, brought tears into his eyes. ‘And you care deeply for him?  Yes, I do. Do you love him? Yes, I think I might, I haven’t known him long, but yes, I believe I do. He tried to shut out the words about her feelings for Schulman.
‘Sean,’ said John, ‘we need your help.’ He nodded. ‘When we find Adrienne, I believe it might be wise if you are with us. She will be under a great deal of stress, and I know from her father, she has a strong character, but if he is clever enough, he may be able to change her, and you could be the one to bring her back into this reality. I’ve managed to persuade Andrew to stay here, and carry on as best he can with his usual work, just helping us if required. Sean, it may take a long time to find her, and I am very expensive,’ he gave a brief smile and stood up, he was leaving.

Sean and Andrew were not small men, but John Stanbourne was half a head taller. He was swarthy, with a strong, carved face and piercing, almost black eyes, and his dark hair was long, and curling over his shirt collar. The clothes he wore were expensive, if casual.
‘I’ll start by recruiting suitable staff, I’ll need more than I have on permanent payroll. I’ll keep in touch Andrew,’ then he turned to Sean. ‘Pack a bag Sean, we could be going anywhere at a moment’s notice. Wait at your flat, I’ll pick you up later today.’ He was gone -  Andrew went out with him.

Sean looked out of the window until he heard Andrew come back in. ‘I couldn’t just hide Andrew, Coulter must have agreed with me, they gave me a choice whether or not I wanted to remain in hiding.’
‘I know and to be honest, I would have been disappointed if you had.’
‘I’m sorry I rang your wife, but your mobile’s only taking messages, I was desperate for news, but now I wish I didn’t know what’s going on.’
‘Sorry, I meant to get back once I’d spoken to John. Sean, please listen carefully, we are very lucky to get John Stanbourne overseeing Adrienne's case.’
‘Fine Andrew, but I’m still confused as to what’s going on, can you tell me what you know so far?’
‘Jeremy had Adrienne taken to a safe house, well the bastard didn’t have any trouble at all in finding her, and he killed Jeremy’s operatives, all six of them.’
‘Oh my god!’
‘Yes, oh my god is right. Jeremy put me in touch with Stanbourne. He finds people for a living, people like Adrienne, but he’s not cheap. I’m lucky I’ve got the money. Money isn’t his only motivation, sometimes he works for nothing, but when he can, he fleeces rich buggers like me, to finance his freebies. Sean, he has a good success rate.’
Sean was silent for a while before he asked. ‘He thinks she went with Schulman because she wants to?’
‘No, I had a good talk both with Jeremy and Stanbourne too. They think she is confused, because falling in love with you so suddenly, was to her mind, just too good to be true, too convenient. They said this man doesn’t repel her, but she is terrified of him. If the choice was hers to make, then she’d choose you.’
‘I can’t believe she willingly sleeps with him, that’s what hurts most.’
‘She doesn’t have a choice. She slept with him because she believed it was the only way of stopping him killing you, and perhaps her too. Sean, after all of this, do you still feel you can love my daughter?’
‘I wouldn’t feel so bloody awful if I didn’t. God, Andrew.’
‘She will need a lot of love when we get her back.’
Chapter 15


Her prison was pleasant, as John Stanbourne suggested. It felt like a dream and not a bad one. In this dream, she sunbathed in an expensive bikini on the back of a luxurious boat, and Schulman treated her like a queen.
Adrienne watched the sea rolling by, sometimes she considered jumping into the waves, wondering if she might kill herself, but she wasn’t serious, and she knew she wasn’t contemplating death, she wanted to live. The feeling she wanted to throw herself overboard diminished as they neared their destination. The seas were often calmer than they had been and the skies usually blue, different from the grey sea and skies she had left, and since the arrival of the two men, she was no longer locked up, but able to go where she wanted. The men kept well out of her way but treated her in a similar deferential way as they did Schulman.
They reminded her of her own gopher’s back home, just much better mannered, and she hoped her father would look after them. Liam and Janice would be getting married soon, it seemed forever since Caroline and Bill’s wedding. The thought of marriages brought her thoughts back to herself. Did Peter mean to marry her? She knew he wouldn’t accept a negative reply so she would have to go along with it. If, as she hoped, her father found her somehow, would she lose Sean, no, she’d already lost him. What if she conceived a child by Peter? She had taken the pill when she met Joe, waiting until she was twenty-one before considering starting a family, and it felt years away at the time, but she might be pregnant now. Oh god, Joe, why didn’t you tell me the truth? No, it wouldn’t have helped, it may have changed the way she loved him. Surely, Schulman hadn’t killed him just for her, no, there had to be more, that was madness... She shivered.

‘Cold?’ Schulman asked, sitting next to her.
‘A little,’ she lied. 
He wanted sex, she could see from the look in his eyes. ‘Come to bed beautiful, and I’ll warm you up.’
She never refused him, and followed him down to the cabin, wondering when her period was due, she had lost track of time. What if it didn’t come? She didn’t want any child of Peter Schulman, and she’d forgotten about her blood tests, what were the results? Deep down she believed they were fine, Peter was no fool. He hadn’t mentioned the money again and he hardly looked as if he needed it, she decided the story was a smokescreen to get to know her.

They reached their destination a few days later, Terre-de-Haut, an island in Guadeloupe, strange it was the West Indies, did he know how much she had enjoyed those rare holidays here when a child? It wouldn’t surprise her. Before they moored, a small launch came out to meet them. 
‘Is everything ready for us, Joshua,’ shouted Schulman.
‘Yes sir,’ the man’s West Indian accent was thick and slightly French.

Schulman helped Adrienne climb down into the small boat, she was beautifully dressed in shorts with a matching top and flat loafers. He’d planned this for a while, including the clothes for the trip to paradise.
As he helped her onto the jetty he smiled, and said, ‘Welcome home my darling.’
Home? Adrienne smiled a little on the outside, but inside she heard prison gates close -CLANG.

Thankfully, she wasn’t pregnant, she’d been dreading that from her first encounter with Schulman. As Peter lay beside her, Adrienne would talk to her father in her mind, if only he could hear her. It’s beautiful here daddy, it has the most beautiful bay in the world they say, if only I were with Sean I’d be in heaven. I am treated well, but please hurry up and find me, I’m terrified I may get pregnant. She wondered if Schulman might try to kill her father too. No, she had to believe Andrew Scott-Ramsey was invincible, just as she always had.

Sean went home, packed and waited, but it was the next day when John Stanbourne finally picked him up in an expensive hire car.
‘Where are we going?’
‘The airport.’
‘So are we going somewhere?’
‘Not yet, my office is necessarily a mobile one. My plane has very sophisticated equipment. I use it as a base, saves time and moving things around. I have half a dozen of my permanent employees on board to monitor every piece of news, which may or may not, be relevant to this and other cases. These men are the best in their fields and passionate about what they do. I also have an office in Washington.’
‘Ex CIA types I suppose,’ said Sean, a little sarcastically.
‘Just two,’ he said, not elaborating, ‘I was army trained. You don’t seem to like American’s very much,’ he sounded amused, not affronted.
‘Individually most of you are fine, but I don’t always like your politics, or corporate corruption, it’s spreading around the world, affects us too.’
John Stanbourne laughed at Sean’s broad assessment. ‘Don’t worry, I only work for them on my terms.’
‘Just how successful are you at finding people?’
‘We find the victim about sixty-per cent of the time.’
Victim, the word hit Sean hard, ‘And alive?’
‘Not as good as we would like - about thirty-per cent of those, but it varies, a lot depends on why they are missing, if it was out of choice, we stand a better chance. Kidnaps? Not so good, many are murdered a few hours after they go missing.’
‘Not very good odds.’
‘I don’t like statistics, we’ve had some very good results. Sean, every case is different, this isn’t about money, he may have asked Adrienne for money, just a ploy to meet her and watch her reactions. This is all about power and sex, Schulman is a complex character, built by a less than satisfactory early life, and his first choice of career. From what Andrew says, Adrienne is not a straightforward little rich girl either, she seems to be a sensuous combination of fire and ice. Tough, but vulnerable because of her naivety about a sometimes nasty world, she is still learning about.’

Sean nodded at Stanbourne’s assessment. ‘As soon as she walked into the restaurant I fell for her. Andrew kept his family life to himself. Anderson knew them well of course, but he’s not exactly a gossip.’
‘You were surprised, perhaps upset, when you found Andrew intended to give the company to his daughter, weren’t you expecting to be his heir?’
‘Yes, I was angry,’ Sean admitted, ‘he asked me to teach her about the running of the company and to advise her as to what degrees and qualifications would be best suited to help her. Yes, I was mad, but the old fox knew I wouldn’t be mad for long, not once I saw her. She’s beautiful, but there’s more to her than the way she looks. You can see from her eyes she is intelligent and was assessing the situation and me. We fought a lot, she wasn’t going to make it easy for Andrew, or myself. Then it all happened so quickly. One moment I am the luckiest man in the world and the next it’s all taken from me. I thought I was happy before I knew her, I thought I had everything I wanted - I didn’t,’ he shook his head.
‘Is she good in bed?’  Sean looked at Stanbourne. ‘I’m not asking to offend your gentlemanly sensibilities, Sean. I need to know everything I can about Adrienne, as well as Schulman.’
‘Yes, she is good in bed, and she likes to have sex often.’
‘There, it wasn’t so hard, was it? You English have a real hang-up relating to very simple questions about sex.’
‘It’s not that.’
‘Really, then what is it?’
‘It’s like stripping her naked and making her walk down Oxford Street.’
‘I need to know everything you know about her. You may not have known her for long, but you may know things about her, her family and friends don’t. I will, of course, interview her mother, her employees and her friends and I want you along. Let’s say you will be learning about her too.’
‘Seriously Stanbourne, will we find her alive?’
‘It’s possible, we have a good chance from what I’ve learned so far. It is even feasible Schulman may love her, in his perverted way.’
‘Perverted?’
‘If you loved someone, and they didn’t want you, would you kidnap her and take her away from everything she loves.’
‘Of course not.’
‘Exactly, but it does happen, more than you’d imagine, although sometimes it’s not as simple as it first appears. I’ve known men, and women too, emotionally blackmail their intended victims, so although they are not strictly speaking kidnapped, they might as well be.’

Stanbourne’s plane was impressive, much bigger than he expected and modern too, this business must pay well. It was full of equipment Sean had no idea about and had cramped living quarters too.
‘You can bunk in with me,’ Stanbourne indicated where Sean could put his luggage, ‘It’s a bit restricted but better to be here than in a hotel, we sometimes have to move quickly.’
‘But as you say these men are technicians, won’t you need armed men when we find them?’
‘Yes, as you say, these men are mainly intelligence-getters, don’t worry I’ve plenty of the type of men you have described, on permanent standby, and I can get more if needed. I told you this is an expensive business, so just as well Andrew Scott-Ramsey has deep pockets isn’t it?’

Stanbourne introduced him to the others.  It was then very obvious, these were not the sort of men who rescued those in distress. They nearly all had the lean, bespectacled look of ardent scientists, only John Stanbourne looked as if he could take care of himself.

‘Right now,’ Turk the oldest of the group said, showing Sean what he was doing, ‘I’m getting all the information I can on Schulman, and you’d be surprised just how much data is available nowadays - if you know where to find it, and have the right contacts.’  There was a photo on the screen. Sean didn’t like what he saw of his rival. He knew he was younger than Andrew, but still, he was very good looking in a handsome Germanic way, although those blue eyes looked icy. ‘Pleasant looking guy eh?’ asked Turk.
He saw Stanbourne watching his reaction, as Turk showed him the photos on the screen. ‘What’s puzzling you?’ he asked.
‘I thought this guy was some kind of criminal, so why is all this information so easy to find, I thought they didn’t have any photos of him, apart from Andrews, and if they do know what he looks like, then why isn’t he in prison?’
‘This face he shows to the world is as a bona fide businessman, he may show different faces for his other work. It’s not easy to find anything if he is hiding it. He has a lot of aliases as you have heard, we have to look for each one. There is a lot we won’t find about his early days in East Germany, and when he went to Russia, and also when he started on his very successful early career as an arms dealer. Turk, show Sean the photo of Mrs Schulman.’
She was a pretty blonde. ‘She’s nothing like Adrienne,’ said Sean.
‘Good, which means if he loses it, then hopefully he won’t confuse them.’
‘He killed her didn’t he?’
‘It’s believed so, but we have no proof, no body was found.’
‘Do you think if we try to rescue Adrienne he might kill her too?’
‘Unknown at present, which is why we need to build up psychological profiles of both of them, we must understand our prey before we hunt, and find it.’

The interview with Felicity was by far the hardest, she was very labile and they had to stop several times whilst she collected herself. John Stanbourne was a skilled interviewer, Sean wondered what he did in the military?
Felicity was as well-groomed as ever, but it could be seen from her red eyes she wasn’t bearing up very well to her daughter’s disappearance. ‘So you are Sean,’ she smiled sadly, ‘I do wish we met in happier circumstances.’
‘So do I Mrs Scott-Ramsey.’
‘Felicity, please.’
‘Felicity, this is John Stanbourne. Your husband has hired him to find Adrienne.’
‘Yes, Andrew told me. I’m sorry, please forgive me if my manners aren’t what they should be - these past days have been very unpleasant.’
‘Yes, I know. I wonder if I might ask you some questions about Adrienne?’ asked John politely.
‘Yes of course.’ There was a knock at the door and Joan came in with a heavy tray. ‘I asked for coffee instead of tea Mr Stanbourne?’
‘Thank you, yes I prefer coffee.’

Sean was struck by the thought Adrienne was nothing like her mother, even taking into account their ages and the changes in customs over time. They looked alike but had completely different mannerisms and personalities. Felicity was a very well brought up, rather old-fashioned English lady. He couldn’t imagine her taking the initiative in the bedroom, in the way Adrienne did. He knew, as did everyone else, Andrew had various mistresses, he’d met two of them, and they were different from his beautiful, elegant wife. He knew Andrew respected Felicity, perhaps even still loved her, for he’d never considered replacing her with one of the other women. Sean stopped his reverie, he must listen carefully as instructed.

‘Tell us about Adrienne, Felicity?’ asked Stanbourne.
‘I’m not sure where to start.’
‘Back to when she was a baby, what sort of child was she? I hope you don’t mind if I record our conversation.’
‘No of course not, I’ll do anything which might help.’
Sean turned on the tiny recorder.
‘Would you prefer if I asked you questions?’ asked Stanbourne in the same soft voice. Felicity nodded gratefully.  ‘How was your pregnancy, Felicity?’
‘Not easy, I had morning sickness, very badly, and it didn’t stop until the last two months. I had to have a caesarean, after an awful time trying to give birth naturally. Then I was depressed, and I hated feeding her. I was far too naïve I suppose, and much too young. Nowadays girls know a lot more about that sort of thing and usually wait a while before having a family. She was a good baby and rarely cried, but she was always hungry and as I said, I had trouble feeding her. Andrew wasn’t home very much, but I have to admit he arranged for a very nice girl to help look after her. She was an excellent nanny and I recovered from my post-natal depression after about a year.’
‘I suppose after your experiences you didn’t want any more children?’
John knew he had hit a nerve when Felicity blushed. ‘I wish I had, especially now.’ Then her control broke again, and she rushed out of the room saying, ‘I’m so sorry would you excuse me?’
Sean turned off the recorder. ‘Are all these very personal questions necessary? Mrs Scott-Ramsey is upset enough as it is, and she’s not the type of woman who finds this subject easy to talk about.’
‘Yes, they are, as I told you I want to understand Adrienne's character completely, so I can assess how she will react under pressure, and if she can make hard choices if she has to.’

Felicity came back clutching a handkerchief. ‘I’m sorry, I’m so worried, I keep bursting into tears,’ she explained as she sat down again.
She continued under Stanbourne’s careful probing to tell them all she knew about her daughter. She broke down again a few times, and kept repeating ‘She is so like her father’.

The staff repeated what Felicity had already told them. Joan gave them the address of Adrienne's nanny. Meadows told them Adrienne was very fond of playing jokes as a child, and her father had tried not to spoil her. But in some respects, he had failed, as she was very wilful when crossed. Even so, she was a good girl.

The nanny was married now and lived in Bedfordshire, so they drove there after they finished interviewing everyone at the house. The traffic was appalling and it was close to midnight when they got back to the plane. When they walked in, it looked just as they had left it that morning, nearly all the staff still at their computers. Sean was exhausted, but he assumed it was due to stress, he hadn’t felt well since Adrienne had been kidnapped the first time.
There was a surprisingly good stew waiting to be-reheated and Sean wondered who had cooked it. As before, he noticed John Stanbourne had a good appetite, but both men were tired of the endless cups of tea and coffee, and the cakes or biscuits, which went with it.

After they finished eating, John washed the dishes up in the galley and then came back with a bottle of scotch. ‘Well Sean, what did you learn from the stories we heard today?’
‘A lot, mainly Adrienne was a naughty child, but loveable too.’
‘Yes, even the cold fish Meadows likes her, although I doubt Adrienne knows it.’ John smiled
‘We are not cold at all when you get to know us Stanbourne.’
‘John, for goodness sake man,’ he said with a smile. ‘Tell me in more detail what Adrienne is like in bed.’
‘What the hell’s the matter with you?’ Sean was angry.
‘My trade, you might say, I’m a psychologist, and I was before I joined the army. You’d be surprised what strange emotions lurk in even the sanest of people’s psyches. Have another scotch it might help. I’m not a perverted nutcase Sean, who gets their rocks off hearing about other people’s sex life.’
Sean nodded and drank the scotch in one gulp before he started talking, but he still felt embarrassed telling a stranger about his love life. ‘Sometimes she likes a lot of foreplay, sometimes she can’t wait, it depends on her mood, but she often takes the initiative, she’s very hot…’ he gabbled quickly to get it over with.
Stanbourne topped up his whiskey glass. ‘Almost done, tell me, Sean, what moment do you remember the best?’
‘The first time, all she wanted was me inside her…’

Surprisingly, he felt better after he told Stanbourne all about their brief, but very intense relationship. Stanbourne didn’t speak for a while, he seemed to be processing the information he’d collected, and when at last he spoke he upset Sean again. ‘She sounds like the sort of woman who could keep a man like Schulman happy. I suppose you know he was probably watching you having sex?’
‘I heard about the bugs, I put two and two together. How do you know she could make him happy, explain what you are insinuating, I’m not a psychologist.’
‘No, but you’ve done psychology as part of your education.’
‘Only enough to suss out the competition.’
‘And what if Schulman is the competition?’
‘Touché.’

‘Les has done a preliminary report on Schulman, mainly from Interpol and local files sent by Coulter, everyone knew he was up to all kinds of things, but he is clever and never got caught. I’ll print it off, I’m old enough to still prefer a hard copy, computers give me backache.’
It didn’t make for easy reading. ‘He didn’t like the prostitutes, that’s obvious, but he didn’t kill them did he - just his wife?’ Sean didn’t know what to think. ‘Why, was she unfaithful?’
Stanbourne shrugged, I doubt we’ll find out now, perhaps she was just a mistake. He was very ambitious, and Henny was far from classy, from what we can see. She worked as a waitress in a sleazy club, obviously bleached her hair and wore too much make-up, as you said earlier, she couldn’t be more different than Adrienne. Adrienne said she thought he’d been interested in her for a while, and she believes he killed Joe…’ John said thoughtfully.
‘What did you think about what the second call girl said about him?’
‘The London one, Tina Bow?’
‘Yes.’
‘She said he didn’t want any show of pretending affection, just sex and he never looked her in the eyes when he was fucking her. He once told her not to pretend she was enjoying herself. Sometimes he liked to hurt her, not too much, just enough to make it more unpleasant for her.
‘That worried me, John.’
‘Adrienne is very affectionate isn’t she?’
‘Yes, she is. Are you saying it’s a good thing, or bad, after what Tina Bow said?’
‘Sean I’m sorry, but I’m beginning to believe he may love the beautiful, classy Adrienne. She is everything he dreams about, the sort of wife, a man like he would like to have.’

Chapter 16


The idea was also beginning to occur to Adrienne. They had been on the island paradise a week now. He owned a pleasant villa, a little way from the beach and away from other homes.  If not for the constant fear and the sense of being in a prison with no escape, she might believe she was on holiday, but when she woke up, he was lying beside her - usually watching her. It made her feel very uneasy. She could never quite work out his expression and was still feeling her way, trying not to upset him just in case. Awake and dreaming she still kept seeing Susan Bright’s body. However, this particular morning, she forgot herself.
‘Why do you keep staring at me?’
‘I can’t believe you are here,’ he smiled.
‘It’s very disconcerting to wake up and find you staring at me every morning, don’t you sleep?’
‘Not much, I like looking at you while you sleep,’ he touched her lips with a finger, she could taste his salt.

Instead of letting him touch her further, she got up from the bed and quickly went into the bathroom, she didn’t want him to see the fear in her eyes, it must show. She looked in the mirror as if to confirm it. She was tanned and looked healthy, but her eyes looked wary.
Schulman’s face appeared over her shoulder. ‘What’s wrong?’
‘You know what’s wrong,’ she said with the flash of anger she tried hard to suppress. ‘I hate being imprisoned like this.’ She still looked at him through the mirror and searched his face for a reaction. He smiled, but his eyes were icy.
‘I want you, Adrienne come back to bed for a while.’
‘And when you are fed up of me in bed, what will you do with me?’ she asked, her fear and anger making her bolder than sense dictated.
That odd look on his face again. ‘So you are frightened of me?’ he seemed almost relieved.
‘Of course, I’m frightened, you are not exactly safe are you?’ she grabbed her toothbrush and started to brush her teeth, anything to stop her saying too much, but when she finished he still hadn’t moved, still watching her.
‘I wish you weren’t so frightened of me,’ he said at last. ‘One day I hope you might learn to love me, choose to stay. I know you don’t find me repulsive Adrienne, do you?’ he stroked her hair, and then her neck.’
No, I don’t find you repulsive,’ she admitted, ‘but I didn’t choose to be here and I value my freedom.’
‘I wish I’d courted you more naturally, and you would be here willingly, but no, I’d left it too late, giving you too much time to grieve for Joe, I was losing you to Sean Penthrick, Liam didn’t matter.’
Adrienne felt cold. She knew he’d bugged her flat, Jeremy Coulter brought in the equipment to find them. ‘How long have you been following me, since Joe died?’ she was shocked he knew about Liam, had he watched her having sex with both of them?
‘No, before,’ he said vaguely, kissing her neck.
Adrienne's heart pounded, she had to pick her next words very carefully. ‘Why?’
‘I had to have the woman Joe Branston was so in love with.’ Their eyes met in the mirror again. ‘Ask me, Addy, ask me what you are trying not to think about?’
‘I can’t,’ she said, her eyes huge with terror.’
‘Then come back to bed.’

He was gentle, wanting nothing more than to please her and make her happy. Afterwards, Adrienne lay sobbing in his arms, as if grieving for Joe again. Then he said it, exactly what she didn’t want to know. ‘He didn’t suffer, I wouldn’t let him, but I had to have his pretty, child-wife.’ So here it was, all out in the open. ‘I don’t want you to suffer either, why I waited. I had to tell you, your suspicions were coming between us. Now we have no secrets, and you know I’ll never let you go. If I can’t have you, then no one else will, but if I have to hurt you then I don’t think I could live. I would have to kill myself. I love you, Adrienne. The only other woman I loved was my mother. Then when I was thirteen, she was murdered and mutilated, and I never loved anyone after that.’
‘You were married?’
 He shook his head. ‘I tried, I wanted a normal life, but I chose a whore who slept with men who could help her career, she wanted to be an actress. She was a bitch,’ he said turning onto his back and putting his hands behind his head.  A few moments later he said ‘Perhaps I have been a little cruel keeping you to myself. There’s a bar on the beach, and a few shops you might want to look around. Have you enough clothes?’ She nodded. ‘When I can trust you, we can go to other places and shop, Florida’s not far. Rio is fun, you’d look glorious even beside those Brazilian girls. But first Adrienne you will have to prove I can trust you.’

She was in the shower but had a flash of light in her eyes, and her neck was getting stiff and she realised she was having her first migraine. She found analgesics in the cupboard, just four, Peter wasn't taking any chances. Now, what did her mother do? She took a tablet and lay down in the dark for a while. The usually healthy Adrienne was shocked at the intensity of the pain. She moved the pillow and lay on her stomach still in her bathrobe.
Thirty minutes later Schulman came in, he had been in his gym for nearly an hour.
‘Please don’t open the shutters.’
‘What’s wrong?’
‘I believe I’m having a migraine, my first,’ she said bitterly. ‘Can’t say I’m surprised after what you told me.’
‘I’m sorry, lie there and see if it helps, I’ll shower in one of the other rooms.
He was soon back and he sat on the bed beside her. ‘Any better?’
‘No, not really, but it’s easier lying down. I need to sleep, that’s what my mother does.’
‘Do you need anything?’
‘No.’
‘I know what may help.’ Pulling the bathrobe down, he massaged her shoulders. Surprisingly, he seemed to know what he was doing and it did help.
‘I wish you were not so kind to me, so I could hate you as much as you deserve.’
He stopped a moment, kissing the back of her neck before continuing the massage. Then he helped her out of the bathrobe and under the thin sheet and made sure the fan was at maximum before leaving her to sleep.

Chapter 17


They completed the interviews over the next three days, going as far as to visit Caroline and William now settled in Derbyshire. Caroline was devastated at her best friend’s disappearance. Stanbourne interviewed her, leaving Sean to talk to her husband, accompanying him on his rounds to the local farms.

‘I am so sorry Caroline,’ said John as she blew her nose rather forcefully.
‘Please find her Mr Stanbourne, we’ve been friends since we were eleven.’
‘Where you there when she met Joe?’
‘Oh yes,’ Caroline smiled at the memory. ‘All the boys were crazy about Addy. She was choosy though. The rest of us had to work hard at it, but not Addy - they just flocked.’
‘Did that make you jealous of her?
‘No, not me, but some of the other girls were. I loved looking at her. I suppose I had one of those schoolgirl crushes. Seems very silly now, but she was everything I wasn’t, she never said the wrong thing, or wore the wrong clothes, like the rest of us. And no amount of makeup made me beautiful, while she didn’t need any. One day out of the blue, she said ‘Caro you look like you have fallen face-first into your paint box,’ and she made me up so I looked almost pretty. I’m sorry, I’m gabbling aren’t I?’
‘Not at all, I want to know all about her, but what about the meeting with Joe?’
‘Oh yes - sorry,’ she paused a moment.’ The other girls were jealous, he was so good looking and kind of dangerous, you know, not quite the thing, obviously working-class background, the accent and well, he looked a little like a drug dealer or an undercover policeman. Stanbourne nodded, she might have been describing him too, how he loved the British class system, still alive and well after all these years. ‘I was a bit worried when she danced with him all the time. He didn’t touch her or try anything he shouldn’t like some men try to, but they never took their eyes from one another all night. Then he got a bit stuffy and said it was very late and he would drive us all home, sounded like your average father. We were staying with Sandy - her parents were away in Portugal. Addy sat in the front with Joe. She stayed in the car a bit longer than we did, and he asked her out, and after, I helped her see him. It upset Addy a great deal having to leave her mother. She was worried Mrs Scott-Ramsey would be all alone, her father wasn’t home very much.’
‘How did she feel about her father?’
‘Everything was fine until she met Joe, then Mr Scott-Ramsey came down hard for the first time, and of course, Addy rebelled. Her father could be kind of scary, you know, hard. I always admired how Addy had the nerve to stand up to him, but it was a shame about her mother, she’s nice.’

Sean and Stanbourne were both tired when they had finished the interviews. Again, although it was late, most of the men were still working away at their computers.
‘Was it really necessary to speak to all those people?’ asked Sean.
‘Yes, I believe it was, we have a very good understanding now of Adrienne's personality, don’t we? Sean, I know you want to see results but you can see everyone here is working very hard to find her. They have already come up with a great deal of data about our enemy. Sooner or later we will find a little hole somewhere we can make bigger - we’ll get him.’
‘Why am I here, you think she may go feral don’t you?’ Sean asked bluntly.
‘Do you think she might? Under stress, human beings do very strange things - quite out of character. We know she is suspicious Schulman killed her Joe, but Joe let her down too. We know Adrienne is a survivor, a chip off the old block, young yet, but with the Scott-Ramsey toughness will further develop as she gets older and wiser. Now let’s be honest Sean, they will be fucking each other, and women are great forgivers, believe me, finding excuses for their lovers very obvious shortfalls.’
‘I don’t call murder and god knows what else, a shortfall John.’
‘No, perhaps not, but we can’t deny Peter Schulman had a lousy start in life, unlike the pampered, little, rich girl Adrienne Scott-Ramsey, and she will be feeling guilty about it. He will tell her all about his mother and how his wife betrayed him - make things up, to gain her sympathy. Then he will build on it, tell her she’s the only woman he has ever loved, so she will feel she can save him from himself, and if she loves and nurtures him he can be reclaimed back into the human race. Women are strange beings, Sean. Stronger than us in many ways, and far more complex.’
‘I’d just like to shoot the bastard.’
‘Of course, you do, you are angry. But tell me, are you brave enough to pick up the pieces when we find her and bring her home?’
‘To be honest, I’m scared she won’t want me, after all, we were only just getting to know each other. I’ll be there at the end, I promise you, even though I know I may still lose out.’
Stanbourne nodded. ‘Perhaps you may, as I said, women are very complex. Can I suggest some reading matter?’
‘No thanks, I’ve seen what’s on your shelves. I’d rather concentrate on what’s happening and don’t forget, we are due to meet with Andrew tomorrow, and we need to give him some facts, he’s not too keen on psycho mumbo jumbo.’
‘I’m quite aware of what Andrew expects from me. I’ve sent for some field men, the rest are on standby. We are already researching several leads. Next step is reconnaissance and we’ll keep on until we find her. We are still waiting for replies from some of the less efficient police forces around the world. I can furbish Andrew with plenty of nice facts if that’s what he needs. As for us, we are going to start splashing money about, there is always someone more desperate than sensible and we will find that person. As I said, make the hole bigger.’

Andrew Scott Ramsey didn’t bother to glance at most of the paperwork offered to him.
‘John, I respect your track record, but is this the best way to find my daughter,’ he wanted more to hope with than the information supplied.  Andrew had lost weight, Sean decided and looked ill.
‘We both know Schulman is a very clever man and ruthless,’ said John, ‘even now he’ll have his men watching us. He knows you are not the kind of man to sit back and just let him keep your daughter.’
‘There were no bugs found here or at my home or flat.’
‘No, but there were plenty at Adrienne’s, and in all of the cars, including yours, he would have had your phones cloned too - he’s a clever bastard. Coultard is taking no chances, he’s watching your back.’
‘You’ve made your point. I’m just not very good at inaction.’
‘Neither am I, Andrew. We are starting to see patterns in his behaviour, which will help us find him. I have men observing all his known real estate, as we find more we’ll get more men on it. As I said, it is only a matter of time. A lot of the people who have dealings with him are ordinary, law-abiding people who know nothing about the real man. These are the leads we are looking for, as they are not too frightened to say yes, I know Mr. whatever, I sold him a house in….’
‘What do you think Sean?’ Andrew asked him.
‘He is very thorough, I believe he can do as he says,’ agreed Sean.
‘Everyone agrees on one thing Andrew, Adrienne takes after you. She will survive until we find her,’ insisted Stanbourne.

The next morning Peter took Adrienne into the town and they walked around the few shops. Some were surprisingly elegant, and he bought her a few more clothes for her already full wardrobe. Then they walked along the beach. Everyone looked at the beautiful woman in the pale, blue shorts and skimpy top, and her handsome companion, and wondered who they were, they had to be some rich and famous couple? A few times Adrienne resisted a terrible urge to run up to some of the English tourists and beg for help, but she knew she’d only cause their deaths, and then they would have to leave and go elsewhere. She knew the longer they stayed in one place the better the chance of her father finding her.

She paddled in the sea for a while, trying to regain some control. Adrienne was no fool, she knew she was changing - part of her was quite happy fucking Peter and he made sure she was.  Then came the guilt, and she would feel panic. He had killed Joe and others, so he could have her. This guilt was like a pain. She had all the time in the world to assess her feelings, and she knew too Peter worked on her, trying to manipulate her feelings and he was succeeding. She did feel compassion for him, but how could she after what he had done? He’d killed her husband, kidnapped her, raped her, and what else? Susan too - Susan.’
What was the saying a dangerous liaison? Yes, she wanted him, and she shouldn’t, mustn’t. She prayed to any god not to let her fall in love with him, for she felt herself weakening. She knew too he felt her inner turmoil and feelings, for he always said the right thing at the right time.

‘People are thinking, isn’t he a lucky so and so, look at his beautiful partner,’ he said smugly as he joined her in the sea. She was shocked at what came next. ‘I’ve arranged for a woman from one of the bigger islands to come and make you a wedding dress.’  She felt cold for a moment and then terrified, as he put his arm around her the cold spread out and then disappeared. ‘We’ll be married in the pretty, old church on the hill. I don’t want my children to be bastards as I was, not knowing their father,’ he lied. ‘You haven’t said yes, Addy?’
‘What point would there be to say no, you would just go ahead with or without my consent, threatening to kill someone I love if I don’t do as you ask.’
‘I thought we had moved on from there.’ The conversation was surreal, no one around them would ever believe the strange conversation they were having. ‘Addy, I don’t want to cause you pain.’
‘No, of course not, as long as you get what you want.’
‘The bar’s open. They make great cocktails, let’s have a couple before lunch. We can continue this discussion later.’
She drank her first cocktail far too quickly, and Peter ordered her a few more to try. She assumed she was drunk, but she felt sober. ‘Peter, why do you love me, or isn’t it love, but something else I don’t understand?’
He looked uncomfortable for a moment. ‘I started by being intrigued because Joe wanted to be faithful to you. In my experience it’s rare, and for Joe, I thought impossible. So I had you both followed because I wanted to be proved right and see your relationship fail.’
‘How long did you follow us?’
‘I started a few months before your wedding. I admit I liked the way you looked, but there again, beauty alone doesn’t keep a man happy, there had to be more to you. At first, I had no intention of ever meeting you.’
‘So what changed your mind?’
‘I like children, wanted some of my own, I have for a while, but finding a suitable wife was not easy. I looked carefully, but no one I met ever seemed right somehow, however as I got to know you, I thought you’d be a perfect mother, as well as a wife.’
‘So you killed Joe because you wanted me to have your babies?’ Adrienne had tears in her eyes.
‘We’d better go home,’ Peter said and stood up, but Adrienne couldn’t move, he waited and then took hold of the back of her seat. Mechanically she stood up and even took his hand as they walked back to their property in silence.

They reached the gate, which led into the grounds, she turned to him and said. ‘You have caused me so much pain Peter Schulman and still, you expect me to love you?’
‘Yes, I expect you to love me.’
‘You can’t order love, Peter. I will marry you, although I can’t say willingly, but because I love my family and friends.’
‘You don’t hate me though do you?’
Adrienne waited a moment before replying, she was unsure. ‘I do hate you sometimes when you threaten me or tell me why you killed Joe, but the rest of the time, no I don’t hate you. I should and because I don’t, I feel ashamed. I know you are very clever and are trying to make me feel sorry for you.’
‘I am just telling you all about me, as lovers always do.’
‘Joe didn’t did he, he didn’t tell me anything about his life before we met? Well, I do feel sorry for you, because the only reason I’m marrying you is I am frightened of you.’
‘I know you like the way we make love.’
Love? She thought, not love, but wisely answered, ‘Yes, I like it,’ then hated herself.

Chapter 18


All the known property of Peter Schulman and his other known names was now under constant scrutiny. Then MI5 pulled in a man following Andrew. He was only a private investigator, and honest, he was just following his boss’s instructions. But others were tailing him too, as well as those watching Felicity, and attempting to watch Sean and Stanbourne.
The firm of Glenroy and Associates, private detectives, was a well-known established company, with no known link to any crime groups. Of course, as soon as MI5 was involved they had no trouble at all in co-operating with them.  They knew nothing of Schulman, as was expected, but they had been working for a man named Thompson for quite a while. Again, there was no direct way in which to contact him, although they did have a description as he collected reports as well as paid in person in cash, and he used a disguise.

Stanbourne took Sean to the meeting MI5 operatives had with Glenroy and Associates, they protested they had no idea they were working for a possible killer and kidnapper. At last, Stanbourne felt they were getting closer. The leads led mainly to dead ends, but one man was working for the group, who seemed to know more, and he promised to meet them and sell information, but he didn’t turn up.
Instead of being angry, Stanbourne smiled. ‘This man knows something of the reputation of our friend, and thought it best not to betray him, even for money to pay off his gambling debts, you might say he is the closest we’ve got so far, our first real lead.’
‘Why are you smiling, he didn’t turn up?’ But Sean thought he knew what John was getting at.
‘Ah yes, but someone who knows Schulman well enough, to have second thoughts about speaking to us, must be of use. MI5 will track him down. It is so much easier working with these people instead of against them.’ The cryptic remark was not lost on Sean.

As expected Scott-Ramsey was increasingly scathing to John, but for once he wasn’t getting the last word in. Stanbourne knew how to manage men like Andrew. Grudgingly Andrew had to admit he liked John Stanbourne, but it was Sean who kept assuring him they were making inroads to finding Schulman, and therefore Adrienne.
Andrew was courting Felicity again. At first, he pretended he was doing it for Adrienne, but he knew the truth was Felicity and he needed each other. Their mutual fear for a much-loved child brought them together again. Andrew knew he had been at fault - he hadn’t tried to help Felicity through her depression after Adrienne's birth. Instead, he took the easy way out, and found other arms very willing to hold him, or was it his money and position they’d been so willing to hold? As soon as any of his girlfriends made the slightest move to something more permanent, he would send a generous gift after a goodbye dinner. It worked for him, but not Felicity, they had not recovered their early passion and slowly they had their own bedrooms and own lives. He told himself Felicity, his excellent wife, was no longer interested in sex, but he had never tried to find out if it were true. It took only a couple of weeks after Adrienne's disappearance for them to sleep together. Her passion surprised him, and he knew now he loved her for herself, not just their daughter.

‘I’m sorry Felicity, I’ve been such a fool.’
‘It was my fault too, I just let you do what you wanted, never criticising you, in case you left me. Adrienne would never have behaved as I did, she would have fought harder to keep you and told you exactly how she felt.’
‘Yes, she would. I think our daughter is a better person than either of us.’
‘Andrew I’m so frightened for her.’
He thought but didn’t say, Felicity, let’s have another child, maybe two. You are still young enough. He had to bide his time, besides another six children could never take the place of his first daughter.

Adrienne had to smile, as the very large lady from Basse Terre clucked over the exquisite girl, who pretended to everyone around she was happy. But she couldn’t fool Madame Bouverie, or Marie Martin as she was. For she saw the wariness and fear, even pain in Adrienne's eyes, and for all the girls’ show of bravado, she was truly frightened of her strange, cold fiancé.
Marie started to ask questions, normal questions, but Adrienne’s answers didn’t feel quite right to the old woman, something was very wrong here. She stayed in the house for a week finishing the dress. Schulman’s servants were peculiarly tight-lipped too and didn’t gossip about the couple at all. This may look like paradise, but something here was evil, and it wasn’t the child.

She was relieved to get back aboard the launch surrounded by her boxes and bags. The old devil had been generous, even sending two of the house-boys to help her carry her many bags back to her shop, still, for some reason, she felt frightened. After three days, the feeling persisted, but after a week passed, she felt sufficiently secure, and then she started to gossip, of course only to her cronies. She talked about the beautiful white child who was going to marry a man old enough to be her father, and the man had the look of Ligahoo. Now she believed the danger was over, the story gave her a thrill as she retold it, but Marie was right to feel frightened.

The wedding went well, only the staff attended. Adrienne looked as beautiful as everyone expected. However to Adrienne everything felt unreal, it was only a real wedding in Peter Schulman’s head, not hers, and if it were the case, it could easily be forgotten when her father found her - but it was real. Peter paid a great deal to get the marriage certificates made out in their real names, and in the register as Richard Groves and Adele Peters, as they were known here. As she went through her promises, Adrienne begged her father to find her, fearful of becoming pregnant by her glorious monster. In her mind at least she would never belong to him, or be his wife...

Children of the staff threw flowers over them as they got out of the car and walked to the beach where they were having the party. The beauty of the surroundings, the glorious bay, and the simple joy of people having a lively party, was not lost on Adrienne, and it made her spirits rise a little, but Peter wanted her and walked her back to the house. He was rougher than he had ever been before as if he had to consummate the marriage before Adrienne vanished in a puff of smoke, or was taken away by the spirits, because he had killed for her, bought her with evil, sullied her innocence and naivety. He seemed driven by something, which frightened Adrienne.

He threw her onto the bed, pulled down her pretty silk underwear and not taking his trousers off pushed straight into her. He hurt her, and his zip dug into her thigh. He tried to pull down the boned bodice but it wouldn’t move and her breasts hurt as the ribs dug into her. Thankfully, he had his orgasm quickly, for once not caring about Adrienne's pleasure. She felt sick, but it was fear at the sudden change in him. Was he going to kill her now he had what he wanted? No, he wanted children he said, and why would he go to all this trouble just to kill her?
As usual, he sensed her fear and kissed her gently, and tried to smooth her dress which was now badly creased. He didn’t speak to her. Her veil was on one side of her head, and she longed to get the bodice off and change into something more comfortable, but she just lay there wondering what he would do next? He arranged his person and sat down next to her. She tried hard not to think about those slender, strong hands around her neck and swallowed hard.
‘I frightened you, I’m sorry,’ he said his face expressionless. ‘I had this awful fear you weren’t real, and any moment I’d wake up somewhere without you. But you are real, and my wife at last.’ He bent down as if to kiss her but Adrienne flinched and closed her eyes. ‘Darling I was a little rough, but I’m not going to hurt you,’ she noticed a slight tremble, as if of fear in his voice, as if he were shocked at his sudden lack of control and it did nothing to allay her fears.
She forced her lips to move, ‘I was frightened, you were so different than usual, just like the first time, at the cottage. Why I was scared, I was so frightened you were going to kill me.’
‘When will you believe me when I tell you I love you?’ She could see he was getting into a bad mood, and it wasn’t like him either.
‘I don’t know, I don’t feel safe yet, give me time, perhaps I will eventually feel I can trust what you say, Peter… Perhaps we should go to the party,’ she suggested, and he helped her to her feet. ‘It should be fun, no boring speeches, just lots of music, and food and drink. Perhaps though I should change?’
‘No, not yet, I’ve seen you in the dress in my dreams for so long, please leave it on just a little longer…’
‘Peter, I looked like I’ve been fucked,’ she said.
He smiled. ‘I’ve never heard you swear before, it sounds strange.’

The party was fun. Adrienne drank too much and danced with everyone. The dress was wet now after some of the children chased her into the sea. She told Peter she was going to find something else to wear and he nodded. She took three of the women with her to help unlace it. They were all worse for drink, and giggling, and removing the dress took a while to achieve, at last, Adrienne stood there only in her silk underwear.

One of the women, the very large mother of one of the house boys said. ‘You too skinny girl, get some meat on those bones of yours.’ French might be their native tongue, but most spoke English too, many came from other islands. Adrienne smiled. ‘Men like me too sweetheart,’ she said her huge frame quivering with laughter, ‘men don’t care as long as they can fuck their women.’
That made the other women, who were attempting to hang the wedding dress up, giggle even louder, as it repeatedly fell off the hanger.
Then Schulman walked in, and the happy atmosphere changed abruptly and the women, now in a sober mood, left. It was as if winter had walked in. He hadn’t noticed the change, or if he had, he ignored it.

‘They say I’m too skinny,’ she said to lighten the atmosphere as the women hurried out.
‘Not for me,’ he closed the door.
Adrienne felt desire as he knelt before her, he explored between her legs, first with his finger and then licked her, pulling at her gently with his teeth. ‘Please don’t stop yet,’ begged Adrienne.
He pushed her back onto the bed and continued to lick her until she begged him to stop, then he entered her and she tasted herself on his lips. She was ready for more, and she pushed him so he rolled onto his back and as she sat astride him, she moved up and down as he sucked at her nipples. Adrienne had another orgasm and Peter followed soon after.
She lay down on him as they recovered, and when they had their breath back, he kissed her again and she returned it.
‘Happy now my darling, was that better than my earlier attempt as a married man?’ he smiled at her. She smiled back at him and traced a finger over his face as she looked at him. Her eyes changed suddenly and Peter noticed. ‘What’s wrong?’ he asked.
‘I almost forgot who you were, I almost told you I loved you,’ she admitted.
He smiled, really smiled at her. ‘All you have to do is begin to trust me, and not be so afraid.’
‘I don’t think I can Peter.’
His smile faded but only a little. ‘Darling this party will go on all night, and we won’t get any sleep, let’s have a shower together and go back.’

Marie Martin was found dead two days after the wedding. It was said she had been robbed, and they tried to burn the little shop and her body by setting fire to her paperwork, but the shop and Marie didn’t just go up in flames. She’d been strangled with one of her ribbons.

Turk scanning the news for anything, which might be interesting or unusual, read it, and then went onto the next article, but something nagged at him, and a little while later he went back to it. Turk may be a logical man, but he would have been the first to admit there was a lot to be said for those gut feelings. Why was the paper-work burned, why set fire to the place at all? If a few local yobs had robbed the till, why not wait until the old lady was asleep, safer all round. The ribbon was a bit theatrical too, a blunt object over the head was the easiest way. It was late, but he knocked at Stanbourne’s room wall.
‘Boss, I know it’s late but I’ve got a feeling about an item of news from Barbados.’
Stanbourne was trying to sleep but was quickly out, he slept in a light tracksuit. ‘What have you found? Hell Turk, it’s nearly two o’clock. Don’t you ever sleep?’
‘You know me, boss, sometimes all day.’

Sean found them looking at the computer, he rubbed his eyes. What’s going on?’
‘Turk’s found a story about a wedding dressmaker being killed in the West Indies,’ explained John.
‘What sort of lead is a wedding dressmaker strangled in a robbery?’
‘Read on Sean. They burnt her files. Now doesn’t it strike you as convenient, and as Turk says, strangling her with a ribbon, isn’t the way a cheap robber kills anyone, it says I like killing, I’m good at it. Sean, Turk’s right, I think we are on our way to the sun at last and I won’t mind at all, I’m fed up after all this damned rain.’
‘I’ll ring Andrew,’ Sean said.

As Sean expected, Andrew wanted to come with them. It appeared Stanbourne had contacts here too, for the investigating policeman, Inspector Luc Bonfils came to meet them at Guadeloupe’s Basse Terre airport. The killing of Marie Martin was assumed to be just another drug or alcohol-related robbery, and as yet there were no leads. Luc Bonfils was interested why a man of Stanbourne’s reputation, had come so far to look at the case.
‘Marie was a popular woman, but she foolishly kept too much money in the shop.’
‘Inspector, may I see what is left of the filing system?’
‘Of course, but may I ask why you’ve come all this way? I agree with the ribbon, it does seem a bit of overkill, and the fire too. I assumed it had been done to hide the crime.’
‘Perhaps hide another?’ suggested Stanbourne.
‘I don’t know what you are getting at. If the neighbours hadn’t smelt smoke and called the fire brigade, the whole place would have gone up. Still…’
‘Still?’
‘Her friends…’ he paused.
‘Yes?’
‘They said she’d seen Ligahoo.’
‘A demon?’
‘Yes, as good as,’ Luc Bonfils looked impressed at Stanbourne’s knowledge.
‘Would you mind if I interviewed these friends?’
‘You can try, but they are remarkably tight-lipped, usually, you can’t shut them up.’ Stanbourne was even more intrigued. ‘You are very interested aren’t you? Right, I’ll get you the names, and one of my men will come with you to make it official, and help with translation if needed.’

‘Ligahoo is a name used in some parts of the Caribbean for an evil shape-shifter,’ said Stanbourne reporting the findings back to Andrew.
‘You think this Ligahoo alludes to Schulman don’t you, isn’t it a tenuous connection at best? Andrew asked.
‘Yes, but it is just those tenuous leads which often lead to success. Turk has solved many a case on his gut feeling, and strange stories like this, crimes, which don’t run to the accepted pattern, can come up with interesting twists, and I have learnt over the last ten years to go with his feelings. It was well known Marie had been away for a week, making a wedding dress for an important, rich client. She often does calls away from the shop, leaving a relative in charge, many of the smaller islands have few amenities and Marie was the best around, she was seen coming back by boat, the sea is the best highway to keep things secret. I think Schulman is seriously interested in your daughter, and in the normal world, it often leads to marriage…’ Andrew looked horrified. ‘Bear with us here Andrew, if he does, he’ll want the works, but no time perhaps to send for a fancy dress from one of the fashion capitals, this man is in a hurry. He will want this wedding to be legal, he wants the normal life he has previously been denied.  Now it gets interesting. One of Marie’s friends was a bit more forthcoming, mainly due to dementia. She said Marie had seen the devil, and this devil was planning to marry a beautiful girl with black hair and white skin, Snow White she nicknamed her. Now, Andrew, does that describe Adrienne?’
Andrew felt a pull in his gut too. ‘She used to look like Snow White, when she was a little girl - I used to call her that.’
‘The local police are helping us. Soon we’ll have lists of foreign house owners on the nearby islands, as well as those leased or being rented out, and they are checking on recent marriages too. If he is here, we will find him.’
Andrew Scott-Ramsey still wasn’t entirely convinced, although the reference to the girl as Snow White unsettled him. Sean, however, was convinced John Stanbourne was on the right track. He imagined Adrienne living on one of the secluded and beautiful tropical estates with this demon. He believed in Stanbourne and Turk’s methods, he had been living with them for weeks and had also learned something of their methods and their past cases, and many were solved on less than was offered here.

Felicity flew over a few days later, unable to stand the waiting without Andrew to comfort her. Sean was surprised, and pleased, to see the couple appeared to be over their estrangement and were sharing a suite at the hotel. She was as well dressed and elegant as always - never casual as Adrienne often was. Her blond beauty had a fragility Adrienne did not possess, although Felicity was tall and had a good figure, she was not fashionably thin. Sean decided her fragile air came from inside, rather than from her physical being. Her air of good breeding suggested Felicity Ramsey-Scott in jeans and t-shirt would be completely out of character. He wished Adrienne were here to see her parents together again.

Nearly a week passed, and they sifted through all the data the police found for them, then Turk came up with another lead.

Adrienne was in bed and waiting for Schulman when she heard his phone ring.  It was rare, and she felt a surge of hope for the first time in weeks. Funny, she thought, how we always believe in a god when you want something and forget he or she exists when you don’t need them. Please, god, her lips moved, please help my father to find me. She laughed softly because she was here in bed waiting eagerly for her husband’s killer to join her. For the umpteenth time, Adrienne tried to analyse why she wanted him to make love to her. Why she wanted a man she despised and was terrified of, and wished so often he would die so she could be free. Then he’d make love to her, and she forgot for a while her fear. Her reverie was interrupted.
‘Get up quickly Adrienne, we are leaving. Just put on something comfortable for travelling. I’ve bags already packed, leave everything else.’
‘What’s wrong Peter?’
‘No time for explanations, just get dressed. Hurry darling.’ He was efficient even cold, but he didn’t seem at all worried. He was dressed in jeans, a t-shirt, and a sailing jacket, so Adrienne chose something similar.

It was a dark, moonless night. And as neither boat used their lights, Adrienne found the walk down the jetty nerve-racking, never mind having to get in the shallow boat, as well as the transfer to the vessel. The ladder could barely be seen, there was no moon, Adrienne found she was shaking with the concentration the short trip required, in the almost pitch black, or was it fear again. She didn’t ask where they were going, Peter was in no mood to answer any questions. Still no lights, even climbing down the steps to the living areas of the boat was disconcerting. Schulman led her into their cabin, she wondered if he had the eyes of a cat, to see so well in the dark. He stayed with her as they waited for other men, no doubt the so-called estate security to board as well. There were more military types on the estate besides the mysterious Fuller and Presenquez. She rarely saw them and said no more than hello when she did.

The engines finally started, and a little way off the Island they had to turn the lights on, because of the small reef offshore, and the tide was going out. But it was later still when Peter switched on the light in the cabin itself.
‘They found us didn’t they Peter?’
‘Yes, but by the time they get here in force, we will be long gone. I’m sorry to disappoint you, he lifted his hand and gently stroked a few loose strands of hair from her eyes. ‘I wonder when I will be able to trust you Adrienne?’ he asked. ‘Perhaps when we have those three lovely, bright, little children, and you finally believe I love you, for I do love you and I won’t hurt you unless you force me to.’
She shut her eyes. ‘How can I not be frightened of you when you keep saying that, and how can we have a normal married life when we are always running away?’ she opened her eyes, he continued to stroke her face. ‘Perhaps if you had tried meeting me in the normal way, never telling me about Joe and you, and what you did together, what you did to him, perhaps then I might have loved you. But you didn’t try, because you couldn’t believe I might have wanted you?’
He smiled. ‘I made an error of judgement, didn’t I? Because you are attracted to me aren’t you, although you still wish you weren’t? Now you are too scared of me to let go of your fear and love me. See how I understand you? Let’s go to bed, and you never know if tonight we will conceive our first baby.’

The next morning they were a long way from the island, and Adrienne realised she felt even more homesick for her home in England.

Felicity stayed behind, while Stanbourne, Sean, and Andrew accompanied the police to Richard Groves small estate. There was no trouble at all gaining entry, no heavy security guards, no gunshots, just the gardeners watering the grounds.  Stanbourne knew immediately they were too late and felt no surprise. It was his fault because he had involved the police and it took them too long to get organised, next time he’d bypass them and get his men to raid. 
Sean looked around the house, it was just as he imagined. He found their bedroom, and opening the wardrobe saw the clothes Adrienne had worn for Schulman and the cosmetics in the bathroom. He was so angry and frustrated he flung a bottle of moisturiser against the shower screen and cracked it.

Stanbourne walked in with Andrew. Sean explained his frustration. ‘She’s been here and there’s a wedding dress in the wardrobe.’
 Andrew walked around, his face pale and expressionless. ‘Worse Sean, the staff says they have married - just over two weeks ago at the local church.’
‘Now, what the hell do we do John?’
‘It was partly my fault,’ admitted John, ‘we should have stayed away from the police, they were too slow, and somehow the bastard heard about the raid. He must be paying someone in the police to feed him information. We know they have taken a boat, although a long, sea voyage wouldn’t be recommended in a small vessel. I imagine he will stick to sea travel, air travel is much tighter controlled than it used to be, and I’d guess his next base will be a long way from here.’
‘Why should it be?’ asked Sean.
‘What I would do, but we never make assumptions, and will still look at all the alternatives. I know how disappointed you both are, but we were so close to finding them. Andrew and I have found out useful information about their relationship…’

This was all repeated to Felicity in detail back at their hotel. ‘Felicity, I am so sorry we didn’t find them, but we do know from the staff on the estate he is treating her well,’ Stanbourne assured her.
‘Thank goodness,’ said Felicity with feeling.
‘All the staff agree, nothing is too much trouble for Mrs Groves, as they called her. One of the staff described her as a beautiful, young lady with good manners, and sad eyes. She did laugh sometimes, she said, but mostly her eyes were sad. Still, we’ve had nothing but good reports about their relationship; they seemed happy, everyone said.’ Stanbourne looked over at Sean as he said it.
‘So we know our daughter is alive and well Felicity,’ added Andrew.
‘Just as we suspected,’ added Stanbourne.
It was Felicity who asked what they all wondered. ‘John, do you believe she may have feelings for this man?’
‘On the surface, it may look that way, but we don’t know what is in her mind, we only have what the staff saw, and we can’t assume because they appear to be a happy couple. My personal belief is she is surviving by not crossing Schulman, she doesn’t want anyone else hurt either.’
‘Yes, of course, Andrew says she has married him, but surely when we find them, it can be annulled can’t it?’ Felicity was pleading.
‘That’s for our legal people to work out darling,’ said Andrew patiently, ‘let’s first concentrate on tracking them down.’
Felicity again said what none of them wanted to say. ‘I have heard captives get to have an odd dependence on their captors.’
‘Yes, I know just what Felicity means,’ said Sean, concerned at the reports he had heard about the couple’s happy relationship.
‘You have both been watching too many movies,’ John reassured them, ‘but yes, always possible, part of Adrienne's psyche may indeed like Schulman, while the other part hates him. Their relationship is more complicated by far than any normal, married couple. I believe no matter what he does, she would still prefer to be home with her family, and you Sean. How would you cope in her situation Felicity?’
‘Do any of us know how we would react in such a situation, living in terror? I can’t imagine sleeping with a man I don’t love, never mind marrying him, but if I were scared enough - and as I am a coward, I probably would. My first thought though would be to try and escape, preferably after I had killed him, so I couldn’t be followed, but I imagine I would find it very difficult indeed to do so.’
Sean nodded. ‘Adrienne is a very different character than you Felicity, so why don’t you believe Adrienne wouldn’t try to get away or kill him but instead go along with Schulman?’
‘She’s like her father,’ answered Felicity, ‘she weighs up the situation and does what she believes is the best at the time. She is far more flexible than I am, but her ideas are never set in concrete, in that respect, she does differ from her father.’ Everyone smiled, even Andrew.
‘So we can say if she had never tried to escape, then she believes she can’t succeed? I think there is more,’ added Stanbourne, ‘she believes in you, doesn’t she Andrew? 
‘Yes, she knows how much I love her, and I’ll keep on looking until I die.’
Stanbourne felt a little sorry for Felicity, there was nothing sinister in the relationship between father and daughter, but Andrew loved his daughter more than anyone or anything, even more than his wife. They all knew, and Sean wouldn’t have an easy life when they finally succeeded in their quest. ‘Andrew, until we get another lead, I think you and Felicity should go home. We will stay in the general area trying to track the boat, it’s time for me to pull in all favours owed to me from my government,’ he didn’t elaborate, ‘Once they hit a port, our job will be even harder.’

Chapter 19


Peter kept Adrienne informed as to what was happening, so she knew they headed for a small port called Paramaribo, in a country she had barely heard of, called Suriname. There was a container ship there, Russian by nationality, and this would take them onto Australia.
Adrienne felt numb after the narrow escape. Peter refused to discuss it, but the only reason they had to leave at short notice, must be because someone had found them. The only time she felt anything now was when she had an orgasm. The rest of her life felt like a pleasant dream, and Adrienne knew she had to shake off this feeling of stupor.  Frankly, their love life couldn’t be better, and Peter was very pleased with her response, but the rest of the time she couldn’t concentrate on anything for long. This could be dangerous, she was retreating into herself, and she feared for her sanity. She couldn’t go on living this sybaritic life of luxury, it added to her insecurities. She told Peter the truth as to her state of mind, he laughed, but not in any dismissive way, and said he understood her feelings, and as soon as they were settled again she would feel better. From that moment, their relationship changed into a real alliance, and Peter tried his best to keep her better occupied. As Sean feared, she was becoming a real wife to the enemy.

There were more men on the yacht this time, and Adrienne didn’t feel as comfortable on deck, as she had when just Fuller and Presenquez were with them. For privacy, she lay on their bed doing her best to read a book, she was struggling to read more than a few words at a time.
Peter came in sat down beside her and ran his fingers down her bareback. ‘We will reach Paramaribo tomorrow, how are you feeling?’
‘Bored I suppose.  Will we be going through the Magellan straights?’
‘Yes?’
‘Why did you pick Australia?’
‘A great place to bring up our kids, it was always our final destination.’
‘Peter, we can’t just walk in?’
‘Hush, I’ve prepared everything, don’t I always look after you?’ he kissed her, and the book fell onto the floor.

It was hot and sticky in Paramaribo, and not the sort of place Peter wanted Adrienne to see too closely, so they were soon aboard the ship. After the new, luxurious and airy craft, this ship looked old and shabby. Adrienne felt a moment’s panic when shown to their cabin, the ship sounded old too, as the engines started up. Their cabin might be the best onboard, but it was hot, and now Adrienne felt as if she were really in prison.
While she showered and changed, Peter pulled out his laptop and tried to find out what Stanbourne might be up to. His contacts were numerous, and well paid, to send him the news in a code he had invented. He liked the challenge of Stanbourne even more than Adrienne's father, this man was an expert, he always liked opposition, even taming his lovely wife had been a challenge, the nicest he had ever had admittedly, and he was so close to making her his. The challenges Stanbourne and Scott-Ramsey held for him were quite different, and both worthy opponents. He shut down the laptop as he heard Adrienne get out of the shower, and locked it away from her, although out here getting any kind of satellite cover was difficult, and would be more difficult as they moved further south from the equator.
‘How’s the cabin?’ he asked.
‘Fine,’ of course they both knew it wasn’t. It might be the best aboard but it was still cramped and grubby looking.
It struck Adrienne they behaved more like a normal, married couple, and wondered if she should tell Peter she thought she might be pregnant, No, she wanted to be sure, after all, this stress might be affecting her periods. ‘How long will it take to get to Australia?’
‘Several weeks, we have other ports of call on the way. We can take strolls along the deck.’
‘Always accompanied by Schlat, or Berger, or one of the others I suppose?’
‘It’s probably safer that way, and I don’t want you walking around on your own.’
‘I thought you said the owners were friends of yours.’
‘In my business, friends are the first people to be wary of.’ 
As Joe found out. she thought to herself. As usual, he seemed to guess her thoughts and looked at her. Neither of them had mentioned Joe since their marriage. That look came in his eyes, the one she knew well, and as he started to make love to her, Joe vanished from her mind.

The sea journey was as boring as expected. It got cold as they headed south, and the seas were more terrifying than she could have imagined, but in a crazy child-like way, she enjoyed it, but as they headed across the pacific the weather improved. As she expected her period didn’t come, and she wondered how to tell her husband, she believed she was pregnant. There was no doctor on board, just a male nurse, so she decided to wait until their destination, before trying to confirm it.
She was concerned as the life inside her grew, she forgot its father’s real identity. She finally admitted she cared for this murderer of her first husband. She still thought often about her parents, but not so much about Sean, he was part of her beautiful memories, and far less real than this odd life she lived, she didn’t want to remember him.

Schulman did his best to put Stanbourne off the scent. He had two of the men take his boat back into the port in northern Portugal, it was found eventually, but not until several weeks later. Stanbourne was becoming irascible. Only two men had come ashore from the boat, and then disappeared, Mr and Mrs Schulman must have changed transport, he would have to backtrack to the Caribbean, if only they had found the boat earlier.
‘So the spy satellites aren’t as good as in the movies then,’ suggested Sean, he no longer looked like the suave executive in the expensive suit, now his hair was over his collar, and he usually wore jeans, and a leather jacket.
‘I’m getting very fed up of our Mr Schulman’s games Sean, but I have to admit he’s a hard nut to crack. If only I could find more bank details, I might have a better chance. This man has been playing these games all his life, longer than I have. I think they headed south first, I’d bet my last dollar on it. I’ll get Turk to look again.’
‘And I’ll ring Andrew with the bad news, he won’t be happy.’

Felicity was pregnant, she was convinced of it. Why on earth hadn’t she taken precautions? She was far too old for babies, and Andrew was fifty. What would he say? Despite the horror of Adrienne going missing again, these last few weeks had been like their first honeymoon, no, this was much better, she’d been far too young and inexperienced then. If not for the loss of her daughter, she would be happy, but the loss of Adrienne was a deep pain, which would not go away. Could she have an abortion if he asked her too? This time, if she had depression, she would know not to be ashamed, but get help.
Andrew promised her he would never again take a mistress, and she believed him. She suddenly remembered their first baby would be twenty-one soon, in this nightmare they had forgotten, she assumed this maniac of a man, she was supposedly married to, would celebrate it and buy her presents.

She poured a sherry as she waited for Andrew to come home. When he came in and kissed her and she gave him his usual whisky, she just blurted out the news. ‘Andrew I think I’m pregnant,’ she knew from that moment she’d never get rid of this child.
‘You wonderful, clever girl,’ he smiled, ‘I hoped we might, but with Adrienne gone, I decided it wasn’t fair to you to discuss it.’
‘I know Andrew, no-one can ever replace Adrienne for either of us.’
Andrew’s face clouded a little, ‘No, of course not. They’ve found Schulman’s boat, but no sign of them. Stanbourne believes it was left as a decoy, and they got off weeks ago.’
‘Oh no, Andrew.’
‘They will find her, and hopefully before her brother or sister is born.’
‘It’s been months Andrew, and I have to admit I am worried she may like this man.’
‘Yes, so am I? Strange, after all, they are pretty sure he murdered Joe. At least she is alive, and it seems he cares for her. I’d know if she were dead.’
‘Yes, I believe you would.’

There was an inspection in New Zealand and they had to hide while the authorities searched for drugs. They found neither drugs nor the Schulmans. Now they were on their way to Australia. Before nearing the coast, another smart launch came alongside, and with much difficulty, they were lowered on to it. It was a rough sea and not an easy descent.
On-board were another two of Schulman’s men. One handed out the passports and other relevant documents. ‘You are Mr and Mrs Nigel Craven, he said as he did so, ‘English immigrants, Mrs Graven is twenty-six and you sir, thirty-eight.’
Schulman smiled, ‘I hope I can manage that.’

Adrienne had a horrible suspicion and made an excuse to go below. A few moments later Schulman followed her into the stateroom. ‘It’s not what you are thinking Addy darling, two people were paid to pretend to be our new identities, you know how long I’ve been planning this.  Australia was always going to be our final destination. I had to plan carefully. Our doppelgangers have set up our identity, they set out from Adelaide, then to Melbourne, and from there to Queensland, to retire to a better lifestyle in the sun, the Aussie version of Spain, they are now back in England. We’ve got a flat in Melbourne, so we can settle in for a few weeks, before the trip north, I knew you needed time on land before we set off again.’ What he didn’t tell her was the original Cravens were buried somewhere in the deserts of South Australia.
‘Peter, look at me, is it true?’
‘Yes, of course. I haven’t killed anyone for their identities.’
Adrienne lowered her eyes from his, trying to pretend she believed him. ‘Peter please let me contact my parents to say I’m fine and tell them our news, I think I’m pregnant.’
The delight in his eyes made her forget her fears. ‘I had a feeling, but I wasn’t sure, you haven’t been sick in the mornings at all.’
‘I don’t think you have to be, it’s just more usual, I suppose.’
‘I’m so happy, yes, of course, they would like to know. Write a letter and I’ll make sure it’s delivered.’ Adrienne knew the timing of the news he was so desperate for, would make him more amenable to her request, and it seemed her careful planning had paid off. ‘Why have you never asked before?’ he said, suddenly suspicious.
‘I didn’t think you would let me?’ she said truthfully.
‘I might have.’
‘Oh Peter,’ she started to cry.
He held her close - for some reason, she felt secure. ‘I love you, Adrienne,’ he’d insinuated those words before, but never said them with such real sincerity.
‘I love you too,’ she answered. She was shocked at her words, she hadn’t meant to reply like that, why had she?
What those few words meant to Peter were all over his face, his expression was full of joy. ‘I knew we were meant to be together from the first moment I saw you. Will you be all right at sea for a few more weeks, darling?’
‘Yes, so far I’m fine, but I will need a doctor when we get there.’
‘You know you will get the best of everything. You look tired, lie down and get some rest. I’ll go on deck, and leave you to sleep.
She lay down but couldn’t sleep, she felt guilty. Joe, I just told the man who murdered you I loved him. Oh dear god, surely I didn’t mean it, what is happening to me?’

The letter arrived a month later, as Mr and Mrs Nigel Craven has started their slow voyage up the East Coast of Australia to their new home. It arrived by normal post to the house, but it had a strange postmark - Vladivostok. Felicity had a strange feeling as she looked at the envelope and quickly opened it. Andrew came home as soon as she phoned.
They were relieved as they read it, but the news Adrienne was not only married but also pregnant gave them mixed feelings. She said she was happy, and even reading between the lines, Andrew knew she wasn’t lying, but still, there was something she was trying to say to them, she hadn’t said don’t try to find me. Andrew took it straight away to Jeremy Coulter and sent a copy to Stanbourne.

Stanbourne watched Sean’s face as he read it. ‘Fuck,’ was all Sean said, and as he handed it back added. ‘I’ve lost her haven’t I?’
Stanbourne raised an eyebrow. ‘I told you what might happen, Schulman is clever, and he knows how to manipulate.’
‘But John, he killed her first husband, and Adrienne’s no fool.’
‘No, she isn’t, their relationship started with her just needing to survive, and you can be sure Schulman knows what she is thinking. He’s doing everything to make her happy. As her terror diminishes, her dependence grows.  The only obstacle to their marriage succeeding is, one, he killed Joe, and two, she misses her family and is unable to visit them.’
‘I hate the way she just says sorry to me, and to get on with my life, perhaps I should, but John, I don’t feel as if I can just give up after all the hard work we’ve put in these past months. I don’t feel as if we are over.’
‘She feels guilty about you. How does she know you won’t find it easy to get on with your life?’
Sean gave a faraway smile, ‘I told you, the moment we met, I knew she was the one I’d been looking for, and she felt the same. We were crazy about each other, and not just in bed. I asked her if she liked diamonds, she knew just what I meant, and didn’t mess around, said blue or pink and laughed, she knew I wanted to marry her, and she didn’t try to put me off, just said she wanted to wait. Oh fuck, fuck, fuck.’ He repeated, kicking the metal desk with his foot.
Turk looked at him with sympathy, in the last few months, Sean had become one of them.
‘Sean this marriage, and the baby, is nothing to do with her feelings for you, didn’t she go along with Schulman to keep you alive?’ He took out the usual bottle of scotch from the drawer.
‘Don’t be nice to me.’
‘I’m not, when have I ever been nice. When we get her away from this bastard, she will recover, and with your help far more quickly. I tell you now Sean, I’ll get him, and I’ll bring Adrienne home alive, her baby too.’
‘Yes, her baby. Jesus - the baby of a fucking, psychopathic killer.’
‘Sean, if you don’t think you can go all the way with this, get out now, forget her, find another girlfriend. Adrienne will be messed up enough, without you suddenly rejecting her or her child. Well?’
Sean downed his whisky. ‘I’m staying, fuck you too Stanbourne, I’m staying put.’
Chapter 20


They took their time sailing up the East Coast of Australia. Adrienne loved what she saw of this vibrant country. They would stop off regularly, and Schulman would take her to luxurious resorts to stretch her legs. Adrienne had always been healthy, and she had a few days of morning sickness, but now over.
However, she had more and more vivid dreams, usually about Sean or her father. She hadn’t told Schulman about them, but he sensed her rest was disturbed, and he was worried as to why she was having such wakeful sleep.

At last, they reached their new home. It was reminiscent of the previous one, set back from the beach amongst trees. They took the dinghy ashore. All the staff looked like ex-army types here, no more houseboys and jovial black cooks, and Adrienne felt the change keenly. These new people, male and female did their respective duties efficiently like military personnel, but Adrienne felt alone as if she only had Peter for company, so different than the more relaxed non-military West Indians. There were boardwalks to the beach, but as it was so isolated, this was always empty. Schulman had an airstrip and a small plane not too far from the house. He was finding her dependence on him reassuring. The house was very luxurious but needed everything brought in - there was an air-conditioner in their rooms, run off solar panels, now she was pregnant, she felt the heat more.
‘Do you like the house darling?’ Schulman asked, ‘I know it is a bit inaccessible, and the plane is used a lot for supplies, but I’ve bought another one, so we can be sure we can get you to a hospital if we need to.’
‘Yes, it’s lovely, although a bit too quiet Peter.’
‘We don’t have to be here all the time. I’ve also bought a house in Brisbane. It’s a long flight, but we can fly to Cairns and get a regular flight from there, internally there are few security checks. Once we’ve settled in, we’ll fly down and find you a doctor. We’ll stay there all the time when you are near your delivery date.’
Adrienne nodded and returned his embrace.

Turk and the others searched everywhere in South America electronically connected. No one thought North America was the destination, because of the added security since the terrorist attacks. This long investigation cost Andrew Scott-Ramsey a great deal of money.
Then one of Turk’s men came up with a story, which set his guts into action. He smiled as he shouted at Stanbourne. ‘Break out the champagne boss, I think Schulman’s luck may be running out.’
It was a plea from the South Australian police, for help with a couple, found in shallow graves in the Simpson Desert north of Cooper Pedy. It was only by a fluke, their identities were only discovered because the man had a police record in the UK, and his DNA was on the record.
‘Paul Riley and Susan Clark were identified from forensics, and computer enhancements. They told their families they were going to be away a couple of years while they travelled around Australia. Not a trace of those names anywhere, not a hotel registration, no credit cards and guess what, there’s a bigger than usual age gap between them, and both families say it was an unexpected decision to go, they hadn’t known each other long. Irregular calls home. No forwarding address…’
‘Why do you think there is a connection?’ asked Sean.
‘It’s the best lead we have so far, we’re pretty sure Schulman’s had this planned for a long time, Paul Riley was nearly forty, and a failure in all respects, a gambler, and had money worries. Then we have Susan Clark, twenty-three, older sister a prostitute, mother in a private nursing home with a debilitating disease, her bills paid by a lawyer from an unknown source. Both murdered, and the bodies hidden in an isolated place, we are very lucky two prospectors found them. Now we have to go through all the immigration records, from that time and try to find them, because Sean, they didn’t go through the airlines as Paul Riley and Susan Clark, and no visas were issued to those names. Turk’s right, these people were Doppelgangers for the Schulmans. Interested in placing a bet?’ Stanbourne asked.
Sean still wasn’t convinced, but he drank the champagne in his whisky glass anyway.

They flew Stanbourne’s plane to Australia as soon as they got the permission to fly. Andrew and Felicity would follow if the leads were fruitful. Again, the Australian Federal Police met them, and they were quickly through customs. Sean wondered why an American like Stanbourne knew all the right people wherever they went.
They went over the police records, interviews with everyone who had anything at all to do with the case, and finally immigration lists, and help with interviewing those people. Obstetrician’s too, Adrienne would need a doctor.

In the end, it wasn’t hard, and Andrew and Felicity were sent for. They knew their names here and found the doctor in Brisbane, his secretary recognised the photo the Federal Police showed her, and they got the necessary permission to access the doctor’s notes, and when her next appointment was due. They were not at the address on their records, but the smart upmarket address had been used at some point. It was watched, and now it was just a matter of waiting those few days until Adrienne's appointment was due.

Sean was having dinner with Andrew, Felicity was tired, and having a light meal in their suite. ‘Thanks for all the work you’ve put in Sean. How are you enjoying the change of occupation?’
‘It’s different.’ There was an unusual silence between them, each re-assessing the other. ‘I have to find her Andrew, that hasn’t changed. I’m still very driven to do so. The work is usually boring, endlessly looking through data, going over statements, and re-interviewing everyone. If it was ever exciting, well it’s worn off now. John’s people never give up, I admire them. Now we are close again, I’m scared.’
‘I often wonder about your obsession Sean, considering the brevity of your relationship.’
‘So do I. Perhaps, what I’m scared off is I’m making a fool of myself, Andrew, perhaps she never thinks about me now?’
‘I doubt it, after all, she was thinking of you, when she didn’t want to upset him, wasn’t she? I know my daughter better than you, it’s not like her not to fight. My worry Sean is, she has no fight left anymore and the bastard has ruined her spirit.’
‘And why she wants to stay with a man, who supposedly killed Joe Branston?’
‘You’ve been around that shrink Stanbourne too long,’ Andrew’s voice was sharp.
‘I have been reading a lot, all manner of strange things can happen.’
‘I’ve been reading too. Adrienne is neither a fool nor weak-willed.’ He said contradicting his previous comment, and being Andrew, he realised just how vacillating he sounded.
Sean changed the subject, they were just going around in circles when it came to Adrienne's mental health. ‘Her appointment is in three days, they assume they will go to the flat first, everything is ready, sometimes I think the police here are more interested in catching him for his immigration fraud than anything else more serious.’
‘That is all they can get him on, a smart lawyer will say, he bought the identity, and knew nothing about the fate of the English couple.’
Neither man mentioned the fact Schulman may be armed, and if in danger of being captured, might shoot Adrienne and, or, perhaps himself, instead of getting caught and losing her.

They didn’t go to the flat first but went straight to the doctor’s rooms. Schulman was driving a Mercedes convertible, he kept in a small warehouse by the airport. Husband and wife were well dressed and looked rich, and Adrienne wore some of the jewellery Peter gave her, including a massive diamond engagement ring. She looked very well and happy, and they frequently smiled at each other, no one would guess how strange their relationship was. Peter was very solicitous of his wife, taking her arm to help her cross the road, it also said to anyone looking at her, this is mine.

They were half an hour early. It was the secretary who gave the game away. Schulman saw from her expression they had been tracked down, even Adrienne could see something was wrong. They didn’t sit down, but Peter gently steered his wife outside the office. There was no one around, they were six flights up and he didn’t want to use the lifts. ‘Darling, can you manage the stairs?’
‘Of course, but why Peter, what’s wrong?’
‘I’m not sure, but I’m not taking any chances.’
Although pregnant, Adrienne was still nimble, she felt more comfortable holding her tummy as they ran down the stairs. They went down into the small basement car park, and out by the staff entrance. He knew it was no good going back to the car, so he hurried Adrienne to a taxi stand. Schulman guessed they must be under surveillance, and he could hardly believe they were out of the building safely. To be on the safe side, he changed taxis several times, in the hope if they were being followed, they would lose them. The airport wasn’t safe, but he had a boat moored in a marina, and they would make their getaway in it.
Adrienne didn’t say anything but knew Peter was worried, especially as his boat had been moved from its usual mooring, no time to wonder why his perfectly set up plans were not working, he had to remain calm. ‘Adrienne, we have to backtrack to the port office, and find out where the boat is.’
‘Shall I wait here for you?’
‘No darling.’
She knew better than to interrupt him when he had that look on his face, but she was feeling a bit faint in the sun, after rushing about. He had his gun, even in this summer heat, he wore a light jacket to hide it.

She felt a sudden emptiness, which was replaced by first fear, and then confusion. She might be rescued soon, and Peter locked up, perhaps killed, and then a knot of fear tightened, and in response, the baby kicked her. Her throat constricted so she could hardly breathe.  Schulman was moving like the predator he was, but this time, as if he were the one being hunted, his body was tight, alert, as if he were ready to spring, but he knew Adrienne struggled, so he made her sit down on a bench.
‘I’m fine Peter, it’s just the baby’s kicking harder than usual.’

Schulman saw he was cut off by several AFP officers, he cursed under his breath, unsure if Adrienne was aware of what was happening. He knew he could never harm her. ‘I’ll be back for you and our baby,’ he quickly kissed her and started to run along the jetty.
Adrienne heard a call for him to put his gun down, and to lie on the floor, and heard his reply, a single gunshot. She got up and started to follow him, and it made Schulman unwilling to open fire, in case they shot back.
She couldn’t keep up. Schulman was just about to dive in the water when it looked as if he had been hit. Adrienne heard a scream, realised it was hers and forced herself to run to where he had fallen in the water and tried to look for him. She knew for sure now, she didn’t want him dead, but until he was, she would never be free of him.

Her father insisted on taking charge of her, as soon as the police pulled her away from the edge. There was no sign of Schulman. ‘Did you get him?’ she heard as he put his arms around her and pulled her to him. ‘Oh thank God Adrienne at last. Thank God,’ he repeated.

Adrienne saw very little of what was going on around her, only there were people everywhere, but she did notice, Sean. Not the Sean she remembered, he looked different without his suit, and his hair was much longer. He looked apprehensive. Why was he here? If only he was the baby’s father, and she’d never met Schulman, and never knew who Joe was. Their eyes met until she forced herself to look away. Peter wasn’t dead, she knew they wouldn’t find a body, and she would never live happily ever after with Sean.
‘He’s not dead,’ she whispered into her father’s chest, and then looked over to Sean, standing without moving.
He knew too from the expression on her face, it still wasn’t over for they said, stay away from me Sean, you must, and he knew then Schulman wasn’t dead, because if he was, her eyes would tell him a different story. His mind was made up - with or without John Stanbourne, he would still look for Peter Schulman until he was dead or in prison, dead preferably. He could do what he was sure Stanbourne would baulk at, he would kill him himself.
An ambulance came for Adrienne, she was doubled up in pain with a dragging down feeling in her lower body, her father got in with her, and he called Sean over to go with them. As soon as she lay down she felt better and the pain went. How could I worry more about Peter, than the baby she thought? Realising her mad run along the jetty might have put her child in danger. She rubbed her hand over her tummy saying silently, sorry baby, so sorry.

The baby was fine, and when told Adrienne started to cry. Felicity arrived at the hospital and shooed the men out of the room. Sean still hadn’t said much to her, he felt as if he didn’t belong here, and it disturbed him. Adrienne was overjoyed to see her mother. Felicity sat down, and after a hard hug, held her daughter’s hand, they were both crying. Neither woman was sure why, perhaps just tears of relief, relief her baby was safe, relief her parents were here, and back together, relief Schulman might be dead or was it he was still alive. Her tears stopped and she smiled at her mother.
‘I’m so happy to see you, mummy, I have missed you. When is my brother or sister due?’
‘Four months, and my grandchild?’
‘Just under three. I’ve made a real mess of my life, haven’t I?’
‘It’s not your doing darling. I’ve always believed in fate, you and your father used to laugh at me, gullible you’d say, Mummy how can you believe in the stars, that’s the only thing you read the paper for. And when I started with the Tarot cards, I had to hide them, you both ganged up on me…’ Felicity gabbled on in the same vein, unwilling to bring up any subject, which may be unpleasant to either of them. Her mother’s inane, nervous babble made Adrienne feel safer than anything her father or Sean, could do. She was home again.
Chapter 21


Adrienne left the hospital later that day, and her father kept everyone away until the next morning, saying his daughter needed to rest, and she would answer questions then. Such was Andrew’s presence, no one ever argued with him. Felicity too was emotionally exhausted, and he felt torn between who needed his comfort most. In the end, it was Sean who slept on the settee in Adrienne's sitting room.
Adrienne might be sleeping, but not Sean, his mind was racing. Feeling restless, he crept into the bedroom to watch her sleep for a while, before heading back to the couch. Still no sleep, he wondered how he could learn the necessary skills to take on Schulman, and kill him. He had already decided to tell Andrew of his intentions, and he knew he’d agree with him, it had to be done.  He knew too, he would argue they should find someone else to do the deed, but who else would burn with this peculiar fanaticism? He wondered if he were going mad? Of course, Schulman was still alive, just as Adrienne insisted, no body had been found.
As soon as Sean was back in England he would find someone to teach him how to fight, he knew how to use a gun. His grandfather had taken him shooting when he was a boy, but he did not know modern guns. Thanks to the irascible old man, he was a good shot. He heard Adrienne shout out and went to see if she was all right.
‘Sean, I forgot you were here, sorry if I woke you, she said sleepily, ‘I had a strange dream, I’m fine …’ she didn’t elaborate on her dream and was soon asleep again.
Perhaps soon I will be in your bed again, Adrienne, once I’ve finally got rid of the creature who stole you from me, he thought as he pulled the covers over her.

The next morning Adrienne was up early, mechanically she showered and dressed in clothes, borrowed from her mother, and had breakfast in her suite with her parents, and Sean.
‘Are you quite sure you are up to answering questions?’ her father asked.
‘I just want to get it all over with and go home.’
‘How on earth are you going to cope with two pregnant women in one house Andrew?’ asked Felicity smiling.
‘I’m not coming home mummy.’
‘Oh yes you are,’ said Andrew, in a voice, Felicity knew only too well. The voice, which made Adrienne do just the opposite.
This time, Adrienne remained calm. ‘No, it will be much safer for you both, if I go back to the flat for now,’ she didn’t want to frighten her mother, but Andrew and Sean both knew what she was getting at.

The police questioning was not difficult, she just told her story from the beginning to the incident at the wharf. To her ears, it sounded as if she were talking about someone else, or a script for a film, not her experiences. The police believed Schulman was dead, and although they couldn’t find his body, they assumed currents had taken it elsewhere. Adrienne however, said he was a strong swimmer, and believed he was still alive, but she didn’t argue the point with them. The police seemed happy with her statement and left soon afterwards.

She was about to be debriefed by Stanbourne and knowing he was a psychologist, was nervous. He asked to see her on her own. Introductions made, Andrew left them alone. For a moment they silently assessed each other. He could see why Schulman, and Sean, were so fascinated by her. She was more than just a beautiful woman, they were two a penny, she was vibrant, and he knew, very intelligent. Schulman could have killed her on the jetty, but he hadn’t, that in itself might be out of the character for the profile they had assumed for him. Yes, she was carrying his child, but this all confirmed Stanbourne’s belief, the man loved Adrienne.
He spoke at last. ‘How are you feeling Adrienne?’
‘I’m fine thank you.’
‘Are you? I find it strange, considering what you have been through these last months, you must have been living in terror all the time.’
‘No, it wasn’t like that.’
‘What was it like?’
Adrienne couldn’t answer. What could she say? In a way, she had enjoyed being with Peter Schulman, at least most of the time, as for terror? Yes, there was at first, but as time went on she knew he wouldn’t kill her, but loved her as he said. Strangely, she loved him too, and yet part of her wanted him dead, wanted her freedom back.
‘Tell me what it was like Adrienne,’ Stanbourne’s voice was persuasive. ‘What was it like to be kidnapped, not just once, but twice, and repeatedly raped?’
‘It wasn’t rape,’ said Adrienne curtly.
‘So you wanted to sleep with this man?’
‘No, it wasn’t like that either.’
‘Then what was it like?’
Adrienne stood up as if to leave. ‘I’m sorry I’m tired, and I don’t want to answer any more of your questions.’
‘Sit down Adrienne, you know I’m trying to help you, and I’m a psychologist. You have had a very traumatic episode, even though you believe you coped well with it, you need to talk about it.’
‘Traumatic episode - is that what you call it?’ She said, walking over to the window.
Stanbourne was unperturbed; ‘So you believe your husband is still alive?’
Husband? Adrienne had almost forgotten Peter was her husband. They were legally married she supposed, even though the minister sent a fake certificate for registration, theirs showed their real names. Peter’s money to the church, had been enough to build a new one, Adrienne hoped Peter didn’t have the minister killed. ‘I know he’s alive.’
‘Without proof?’
‘Yes, he is not easy to kill.’ Adrienne sat down again, the baby kicked.
‘Your father has spent a great deal of money trying to find you.’
‘Yes, I know, I will have to pay him back,’ she snapped.
Stanbourne leant forward in his chair. ‘Adrienne, this is the time to admit to both of us exactly what your feelings are for Peter Schulman?’
‘I would tell you if I knew.’
‘You feel confused?’
She was angry, but not at Stanbourne, at herself. ‘I’ll tell you how I feel. I wish I’d never set eyes on Peter. I wish this baby was Seans, I wish I were married to Sean, but I’m not, and while Peter is alive, I never will be, because he would kill Sean - but I don’t want Peter dead.’
‘Why not, after all, he put you through?’
‘I don’t know.’
‘Yes, you do, admit it.’ Stanbourne insisted.
‘All right,’ she shouted, ‘I love him,’ her voice dropped, and cracked with emotion. ‘He killed Joe and despite it, I love him. I was frightened at first,’ her voice got stronger again, ‘and I let him make love to me, hoping he would want me again, instead of killing me. We made love so well together I enjoyed it, almost from the start, as if the fear were an aphrodisiac. Then slowly I stopped being afraid of him all the time, just sometimes. He was so happy when I told him I was pregnant, but I wasn’t sure then I loved him…’ she paused, ‘not until he fell off the jetty, and I didn’t know if he was dead or hurt. He loves me, I believe he’ll never let me go, he will find me if I try to hide from him, and I must tell another man I love too, to go away. A decent man, who would have given me a normal life. I loved Joe, but he wasn’t the man I thought he was. Now I find out I love a psychopath, who kills people, like Joe, and like Joe did, and I think he likes to kill, and I’m carrying his baby, and god knows if this baby will be anything like his father, and break my heart too.’

Adrienne felt the tears roll down her cheek and ran into the bedroom to get a tissue to dab at her eyes. Stanbourne sat motionless until she returned.
‘I’m sorry I forced you to face it Adrienne, but admitting to your real feelings, will help you to recover, and don’t worry about the baby, it is your baby too, and I’m sure being brought up in a secure and loving family everything will be fine.’
‘But it won’t be secure, will it? I think it’s a boy, but I said I didn’t want to know beforehand…’
That was when Stanbourne decided the case was not yet over, he had to keep looking for Schulman, and he wouldn’t charge Andrew for this extra service unless he needed a big outlay. No, this was not finished yet, she needed to be free of this monster, like Adrienne, he was convinced Schulman was alive, and already plotting to take his wife back.

The flight back to London was long and tedious in Stanbourne’s plane but it was thought safer than an airline. Andrew Scott-Ramsey, in true Scot’s fashion, had never considered buying his own executive jet. John Stanbourne’s plane, Sean’s home on and off for months, would soon be headed back to the States, or wherever their next job was. Andrew smiled to himself, it had cost him a lot more than an executive jet to get his daughter back, and he didn’t begrudge a penny of it. He knew too after a discussion with John Stanbourne, this wasn’t over yet, and like him, believed Schulman would wait until after the birth before making a move.

Adrienne noticed Sean staring at her as she looked out of the window, and she smiled at him, he sat in the empty seat next to her and put his hand on hers. She had too much time now to think about what she had said to Stanbourne, and although she should have pulled her hand away, Sean’s touch gave her comfort. But she mustn’t give in to her real desires, because it would mean his death for sure.
As yet, they had not had the conversation both dreaded, when she had to tell Sean as long as Peter was alive, and he was, he must forget her, they couldn’t be together, but of course, she didn’t want such a finality. Her love for Sean was different from the strange emotions Peter stirred in her. Sean was straight forward, not corrupt, and she knew too if she lost him, as she had to, she would never find another man so perfect. What was worrying was she suspected Peter meant to find a way to kill him, without alienating her, and he was clever enough to succeed.
Chapter 22


Adrienne had her way and went back to live in her flat, but with an entourage of bodyguards, chosen by her father to protect her. It was no use arguing, or telling him if a whole platoon of Royal Marines were on her case, they wouldn’t stand a chance against Peter. Worse, she had people doing everything for her, and Adrienne felt the lack of privacy, she had more with Peter. She found a larger house close to her parent’s Queen St address in Mayfair. Andrew, forever needful of finding somewhere easy to defend against the monster husband, took time off from his office to help her look. They found just the right house in less than a week - a paranoid art dealer owned it.

Joe’s gophers helped her move, but she knew their earlier relationship had changed, now she knew more about Joe, she no longer fully trusted them. John Clark, closer to her than the others, asked her outright what was wrong?
‘What do you mean John? Everything is much better now I’m home again.’
‘The others haven’t noticed but I have, I know you better than they do. We all know you’ve had a rough time with the weird geyser, but your attitude to us has changed.’
She knew he was right, ‘I’m sorry John,’ she paused, ‘I know the truth about Joe.’ It was a relief to tell someone.
‘I see, so we are all guilty by association?’
She nodded, ‘I suppose so, I just can’t help it.’
‘No of course not, you're posh, you wouldn’t understand how people like us stick together. I agree we did run some dodgy errands for Joe. Where we come from that sort of thing is normal. Hell in my youth, half the local plods were on the take too, how we all grew up, as I said, we stick together. Joe didn’t use us for anything heavy, that side of his life was separate. I’ll admit to stolen cars, but nothing else, though of course, I knew he smuggled the drugs in them in the early days, before customs wised up, he wasn’t the only one neither. After he met you, he got out of everything - just kept the clubs and the properties.’
‘Yes, I found out about it all, to my cost John. Schulman knew all about Joe,’ she didn’t add he had killed him too, but John was no fool.
‘So are we getting the push and what about the garage?’
 ‘No John, you’re not getting the push. Liam’s just got married, I would never be that mean. I want to sell all the cars though, I want rid of them. If anyone wants to find another job in the car trade, I will supply great references. If not, then I’ll find them an alternative, my dad will help too, or perhaps they might run a car repair business together, I can get them started.  As for you John, you’ll always have a roof over your head, I promised you, and my father knows all this too, he will see to this if anything happens to me. As for selling the garage, I can’t make my mind up, it’s useful - I just wish it were nearer, so I could use it as a real garage. I’m loath to sell the flat too, so many memories, too many perhaps John, but I think I will.’
‘You should be safe in this place, it’s like Fort Knox.’
 ‘I wished I believed it.’

Sean went back to his old job, but he was still trying to come up with a plan to get rid of Schulman when he turned up again. He was having lunch with Andrew.
‘What’s wrong Sean, you seen to have lost some of your enthusiasm since you got back?’
‘Sorry Andrew, but to be honest I don’t feel as if I am back yet. There is unfinished business with Adrienne, why I asked for a working lunch in privacy. Andrew, we all know the bastards not dead. I want to go after him, and finish this once and for all.’
‘Don’t beat about the bush Sean, say what you mean. If it helps I’ve been thinking the same thing, but I want to hire someone to do it.’
Sean gave a quick laugh, ‘I might have known. I’ve thought it out Andrew, to be honest, I have trouble concentrating on anything else, because until I see him dead, Adrienne and I will remain at this impasse. I want her to be my wife, and the only way I will is by killing the fucking bastard myself.’
‘Sean, my idea is the best, get an expert in and pay him to do it. It won’t be easy, Schulman’s an expert killer, you’ll only put yourself at more risk.’
 ‘So I should just wait until he decides I need to die, would you?’
‘No, I’d do just as you want to, but Sean you’re a businessman, good at your job when you have your mind on it, but could you kill a man, how do you know you could?’
‘I don’t have any option, you know as well as I do, he doesn’t want any rivals. Adrienne keeps saying we shouldn’t be alone anymore, she knows his intentions as well as I do. He intends to kill me, but he doesn’t want to alienate Adrienne, or I’d be dead now. He is probably watching us, and it’s not paranoia speaking. I daren’t show your daughter any affection at all, even less than I would if we were just friends. She thinks he’s watching too, you should see the fear in her eyes when we are left alone even for a moment, she can’t get out of the room fast enough.’
‘Yes, we have all noticed her reluctance to be alone with you, but doesn’t it tell you she cares about you?’
‘That’s not the problem, I can read her true feelings in her eyes.’
‘I know you are a brave man Sean, hell, no one apart from my daughter has ever dared take me on as you do, Stanbourne’s impressed too. But I repeat can you kill a man, even a monster like Schulman?’
‘Yes, I know I can, for Adrienne, for god’s sake Andrew back me up here?’
‘God isn’t getting himself involved in this, if he were, none of this would have happened to my girl, including the gangster Joe Branston.’
‘Why didn’t you tell Adrienne when you found out about him?’
‘It would only have made matters worse. She’s stubborn and would have stuck with him just to annoy me. I waited for her to find out for herself the ilk of the man, eventually, he would have made a mistake, and she would dig around for herself. I had it all planned, and when she found out, I’d offer my support to help her leave him. I expected him to fight for her, I rejoiced when he was murdered and felt no guilt, but of course, I didn’t know it would then get much worse. Joe was bad enough, but Schulman is the very devil. Ok, then we are both in this together, but we have to take it slowly. I will carry on here as if nothing is happening. Stanbourne and I both agree it might be wise if you and Adrienne have a very public break-up, in the hope Schulman goes off the idea you are still a rival. As both my wife and daughter are pregnant I need to spend more time here, so you will take over most of the travelling, and stay away from Adrienne.’
‘Bloody hell Andrew, you knew what I was planning didn’t you?’
‘In your place, I’d do the same. I’m damned if I’d wait around to get a bullet in my head. I thought about killing him myself, but you are younger and fitter and stand a better chance of success. Besides, I can’t take Felicity for granted again, especially with the baby coming. To be honest, if we hadn’t been on the same wavelength, I would have been disappointed in you.’
‘You ruthless bastard,’ said Sean smiling.
‘It takes one to know one. I have some more interesting news - John Stanbourne wants the same outcome we do.’
‘Stanbourne? No - he’s just a shrink.’
‘No he’s more, Jeremy hinted as much. There’s more to him than meets the eye, he’s a bit of a vigilante I think. He is leaving someone else in charge of his usual operations, while he joins in the hunt with us. He believes Schulman won’t come for Adrienne until the baby’s born, because she’s safe here, near good medical care.’
‘Andrew, Stanbourne doesn’t seem the type to break the law.’
‘No, then listen to this, if they catch Schulman, all he can be charged with is Australian immigration fraud, not the murders of the British couple. Stanbourne believes Adrienne won’t testify against him because she knows a prison won’t hold him for long. There’s something else too, I’m sorry, he believes she loves Schulman.’
Sean went cold, ‘Christ!’
‘Wait, Sean, don’t despair, it not simple. He also believes given the choice she’d choose you. She told him she wished the baby were yours, and Schulman didn’t exist. You are her choice for a husband, but this bloody kraut has a hold on her.’
‘He explained the theory to me, but I don’t believe it.’
‘I refused to at first, because I couldn’t imagine my daughter would ever become a victim, she’s too strong and too smart, but I can see the pain in her eyes. She can’t sit still for long unless she is exhausted, and can’t sleep at night either. Worse, she won’t confide in her mother about her experiences, but she did mention to Felicity she is worried about the baby’s possible character. Stanbourne asked her about wanting Schulman dead, and it was when she admitted she cared for him. Why I am saying is this, we must be very careful not to alienate her, and if you want to eventually marry her…’
‘I understand - if I kill Schulman myself she may not forgive me. Andrew, I just don’t get Stanbourne.’
‘I do, he has a profound sense of justice, hence his present profession. He knows, like Adrienne, no one can keep Schulman locked up for long. The man has many very loyal employees, many psychotic as himself - he’s a man who keeps loyal followers. He is responsible for, or has committed many murders, drug and weapon smuggling, but try as hard as we might, we’ve no proof and little chance of getting any. Sean, Stanbourne is worried about you, but he smiled too when he said you were a good man and knew what needed to be done, and I think Adrienne struck a chord with him too.’
Sean looked drained and changed the subject. ‘So where do we orchestrate this argument?’
‘How about a family dinner in a very public restaurant, no, on second thoughts, as both our ladies get a little tired in the evenings, how about Sunday lunch?’
‘Fine with me. I think killing Schulman will be easier than arguing with Adrienne. I know this is a good idea Andrew, but what if she takes it to heart and doesn’t forgive me?’
‘She will, Stanbourne says she’ll know exactly what we are up to, and he says she won’t want too much detail about how Schulman is killed, but she will want to see the body so she knows she is free of him.’
‘If you ask me, he’s a damned, queer psychologist.’
‘Maybe, but he got my daughter back didn’t he?’

The plane was on the next assignment, but Stanbourne left Turk and some equipment set up in a house not far from Adrienne’s new home. Feeling as if he was getting into his new part, wearing a wool hat pulled over his ears and old clothes, Sean climbed over the back wall of the house in the darkness and opened the back door with a key Andrew gave him.
The house was in darkness and he fell over a chair in the kitchen. The light went on soon after, it was Stanbourne. ‘Is that the best you can do,’ he said, ‘the whole neighbourhood must have heard you swear, this is supposed to be a secret meeting.’
‘Oh fuck you too John,’ Sean grinned. ‘I was doing fine until you put the chair right in front of the door.’
‘Come on, I’ll show you what we have set up.’
Stanbourne led him up the stairs up to the large attic room, where, reminiscent of the plane, Turk's equipment was set up. ‘To all extents and purposes, Turk has bought the house, he is supposed to be a writer, hence his reclusive manners. Never try to enter by the front door, or you may give us away. There are bound to be Schulman employees in this area close to Adrienne's new house.’
‘I’m not stupid.’
‘Just new to this game we play. Here take this,’ he handed him a mobile phone, ‘it looks like your common cell but will give you direct contact with Turk here, so don’t lose it. It’s got a fancy scrambler chip so it can’t be traced, and it’s not on any of the usual networks but piggybacks whatever’s the best signal, the little toy is worth more than your car. ‘I’ll show you how to use it. Are you packed?’
‘Yes, as you instructed, I have a hired car ready, a few streets away.’
‘Good, Turk we’ll be off. Keep in touch.’
‘Hurry up and catch the bastard boss. My wife thinks I’m not getting enough leave, especially with the new baby.’
‘Yes, but face it, Turk, she loves the money which goes into your account every month.’
‘You said it.’

They left the way they came in, over the back wall. Stanbourne had a bag with him. He threw it over the wall, and very nimbly for his age scrambled over, Sean, much younger, struggled. Andrew was right - this man was no ordinary psychologist. Stanbourne drove, and Sean asked where they were going?’
‘We are basing ourselves in a less expensive area where, as long as you don’t wear Armani, we shouldn’t be noticed. How did the argument go?
‘She knew straight away what I was doing and played her part well, but I don’t know - sometimes the look she has in her eyes is as if she is being hunted.’
‘She is, Schulman will be having her followed, she knows.’
‘She kicked me in the shin and stormed out. It set Felicity off after her, and then Andrew, and I was left looking like a dork, asking for the bill. Luckily it’s not a restaurant I frequent, and I’ll never go back again.’
Stanbourne laughed. ‘I wish I’d been there. She’s a beautiful woman Sean.’
‘Yes, she is. John, why are you helping us?’
‘I like you, and from what I’ve seen of Adrienne, I like her too. Now and then I take a little vacation like this, mainly because some cases shouldn’t be left unfinished.’
‘What if we don’t get him?’
‘As to get him, I or one of my team will be the one to get him. Sean, you are with me to keep you away from Schulman.’
Stanbourne knew they were being tailed and cursed, this clever, evil adversary was always one step ahead, he made a phone call.
‘John what’s wrong?’ asked Sean.
‘We’ve got company already. I’ve asked for help to get them off our tail, be patient.’

They sat in a car park in Kingston upon Thames and waited for MI5 to pick-up the man following them. But no one intercepted the man in a grey hoodie and black reefer jacket. Schulman smiled, he liked a challenge, but right now he held all the cards. He had plenty more men to tail everyone. He had to kill Sean, but it must look like an accident. Still, there was no hurry, Addy was no fool, she hadn’t gone rushing into his rival’s arms, she knew what he’d do if she did. Sean would die a long, slow death, not a merciful one. No, there wasn’t any hurry to do anything right now, not until after his baby was born, then he’d take them both to the new home he’d arranged.

Adrienne went back once more to the now empty flat, where she and Joe had been happy. She’d decided to sell it, and the garage too, those once cherished memories were now sullied by her new knowledge about her late husband’s real character. The mechanics set up their own company with Adrienne’s help, and both Steve Preston and Frank Anderson were retired with a very generous package. John Clark was still her chauffeur, driving the new Jaguar. Joe’s cars were sold. John kept one at his home, under his new flat in Marylebone, one of Adrienne rentals, and with a contract saying his for life, and a new basic Honda, she garaged nearby. But for now, John only took it for the odd drive around the block, as everyone said, she mustn’t go anywhere alone. She thought about it, the car was to disappear in, once the baby was born and thriving, Adrienne would deliberately argue and fall out with her parents, take the ordinary car, drive somewhere without surveillance, and wait for Peter to come for them. That way no one would get hurt.

She opened the doors to the balcony and there was a single red rose lying in her path. She knew it was from Peter, and picked it up and smelled it, although there was no scent. She wondered if he were watching her, and held her tummy for a moment in an expression of love for her baby, but in her head she said. Oh, fuck you Peter, another few months and then you’ll be back again, it’s no use at all in any of them trying to stop you, I know, so I’ll make it easy. But you’ll have to promise to leave Sean alone in return for my loyalty. She was desperate to make a deal, and lived in dread he’d get rid of Sean before she could ask for his life in return for her love.
She kissed the rose, convinced he was watching. She didn’t take it with her but threw it over the railings, resisting looking over to see where it landed. The slamming of the heavy front door of the flat made her heartache, and Joe’s face came to mind.
Chapter 23


Stanbourne was uneasy, Turk wasn’t answering the phone. The next night they secretly returned to the house, and as Stanbourne feared, Turk was dead and cold.
‘He’s been dead a while, I’d say soon after we left him last night,’ admitted Stanbourne, feeling sick. ‘Fuck Sean, he was my friend, as well as my best tech. Now, this is personal. I’ll get every man I have to smoke out Schulman. He is playing with us, he says I am identified, and he will be coming for both of us.’
‘You said he’d alienate Adrienne if he killed me?’
‘Yes he knows the danger it would have to be a convincing accident, even if she is suspicious, he knows how to get around her, she’s accepted he killed Joe.’
‘Now I feel confident, we have to get him first.’
‘The best chance we have of getting him is after the baby. I’ll bet he tries to see it while Adrienne is still in the hospital, although he’ll leave it a while before trying to take them back. Sean, it is time to call in the cavalry.’

MI5 was alerted and helped to move Turk's body back to his wife in the US, so no police investigation would get in the way. Sean was beginning to agree with Andrew, he was out of his depth, all the more when Stanbourne handed him a hand pistol. ‘You said you could shoot?’
‘Yes, but pheasants, grouse, and rabbit, with a shotgun.’
‘I’ve arranged practice with MI5.’
‘This isn’t legal is it?’
‘Let’s tell you how we get around it, right now you are working for your government, on secondment to me, you might say.’
‘Come off it John, what a load of crap, it doesn’t work like that.’
‘It does now. My government and yours, don’t always see eye to eye in the spook stakes, but right now this is a special favour. I admit without Andrew this would be impossible, he has friends in all the right places. Like Special Branch and MI5, you can’t go shooting your gun off like Butch Cassidy, or like our, FBI do in the movies. This is England after all. Here, take this if you don’t believe me.’ He handed Sean an envelope, inside was a card with his photo on it. ‘This gives you access to the MI5 building, and the gun, with the proviso as soon as this is over, you retire, but you may find you like the work?’
‘Like hell, I will, I prefer the fights in the board room with words than fights with weapons which means someone dies, the only person I want dead is Schulman. I still can’t believe in this country where the press gets into every crevice nowadays, this won’t be leaked, and all over the front-pages.’
‘The press wants you to believe it, same in the states, but in reality, there is still a lot going on they don’t know about. What about the boardroom, does everything which happens in there get leaked to the press?’
‘No, Andrew wouldn’t put up with it, as you say he has important friends. I take your point. John, are you connected to the CIA?’
‘I was for a while after I left the army. I still have tenuous links to them, hence the help I get. They even helped start me up. As you know, I use the money from rich clients to fund most of it, and believe it or not, I get some hefty donations from people who either have benefited from our work, or their friends have. Turk had insurance, paid by my company, and I’ll always make sure his family are fine too, as I would for my other employees who might get killed or injured on the job. I take a salary, a good one, and all my expenses are reimbursed. I have to pay well so I get the best, but everything else is put back into the project, no one is making millions out of it, and it operates as a charity. I help people everywhere, and I’ve been at this for ten years now, so I know a lot of people in many parts of the world.’
‘I knew you were more than just a psychologist playing games.’
‘Perhaps I am most of the time, but I like good, final results. When Schulman killed Turk, he offered me a challenge. I don’t like to be bested at any time, but that’s nothing now, he killed a good family man for no real reason.’
‘But why did you decide to stay in the first place, before he killed Turk?’
‘I might like you Sean, and Adrienne, but yes there is more. I must admit I expected you to waver long before now, and get out the little black book you told me about.’
‘That life is long gone. Like you, I’m obsessed with getting this man.’
‘No choice in the matter Sean, you know your life is on the line, and as your friend, I don’t want that. And we have no way of bringing him to justice, the Australian police and immigration officials have cooled off, Schulman is in the too hard basket. I know Adrienne could tell us about him, but she won’t, perversely to save your life and her family too, so we only have one option.’
‘You’ve done this before, haven’t you?’ asked Sean, with a feeling he couldn’t describe.
‘Once I had to, I was shocked I could, but the man was a cruel, murdering rapist and we couldn’t prove it. Strangely, I felt better afterwards. I thought I’d feel guilty but I didn’t, I won’t about Schulman either. Usually, I just pass on the information and let the correct authorities deal with the miscreant. This particular man preyed on and killed more than twenty women we knew about, but there were more, and he was walking away - no matter what we did, we had no proof, and he was going to do it again. I arranged for an alibi with a like-minded colleague, and I shot him with a gun they couldn’t trace and threw it in the river. They didn’t look too hard for the killer.’
‘So you know how I feel?’
‘Yes, and because of Turk, I feel the same about Schulman, it’s personal now. As a student of psychology many years ago, I would have said John Stanbourne was incapable of killing, even with good cause. I joined the army because I wanted to help people who had to do just that. I’d already worked with some as a student, and I know what many suffered. So why didn’t I suffer when I took the final step? I should have, and I should have felt guilty.’
‘I don’t know John.’ Sean changed the subject. ‘No girlfriend or wife, you don’t mention anyone?’
‘I was married years ago, but it broke up soon after I took on this job, couldn’t blame her, I was never home. She’s fine now, got three nice kids, we’re still good friends - her husband is an old friend of mine.’
‘Don’t you get lonely?’
‘Sometimes, I still have a current little black book, but I admit I’m crossing off more names than adding. I wonder what I’ll do when I am too old for this job, I guess I’ll end up a lonely old man. There’s a lesson in that Sean.’

Sean continued to impress Stanbourne. He soon got the hang of how to use the pistol and yes, he was a fine shot. With Andrew’s help, instead of the company plane, they set up a base in an old factory down by the docks, which was due for redevelopment, and soon the place was a hive of activity.  Now there were more than just techs, there were ex-military, and many who didn’t fit any category Sean or Andrew were aware of.
‘Impressive,’ said Andrew when he first visited, they had no doubt Schulman knew all about it. ‘I take it he is watching, let’s hope he is distracted?’
‘I don’t think anyone can miss this, now we are up and running again,’ said Sean. ‘All of Stanbourne’s people are very efficient.’
‘Rum isn’t it, all this going on and with the secret approval of the home secretary.’
‘You know him too Andrew?’
‘Yes, I do,’
‘How can they explain all this?’
‘It’s a combined US and UK terrorist exercise, haven’t you noticed the firemen, police and their smoke bombs next door, we will hardly be noticed?’
‘And the soldiers too - you cunning old fox Andrew.’
‘Trouble is we can’t stay here forever. In two weeks the exercises stop. Adrienne is due soon after.’
‘How is she?’
‘Huge. Poor Felicity has put weight on all over, but Adrienne looks the same apart for her lump.’
‘Does she ever ask after me?’
‘No, how can she?’
‘I suppose not, it’s just…’
‘I know she cares Sean. You know I’ve been thinking, perhaps you should leave all this to Stanbourne, go to the New York office for now.’
‘No Andrew, I’m safer here with him.’
‘Yes, but what will this achieve in the long turn, it was better in the plane, it was easier to secure?’
‘More than tech, they are planning a few scenarios, with the men who will be called on for the end phase. Making sure they understand the quarry. They are ready, and one day they will take him down, wherever he is.’

In the last six weeks, all the Schulman operatives they could find were pulled in for questioning, and most let go again. As usual, he used private detectives who said they were working for a client, and they thought it was all kosher. He used a convoluted series of communication channels, which never led anywhere. He must be having a good laugh at their expense, and the British taxpayers too.

It was an easy birth. John took her to the hospital, and Adrienne's son was born a few hours later. She refused to name him, saying she hadn’t yet made up her mind, but she knew she waited for Peter to tell her. She knew he was close, because of the red rose on her pillow after she came back from delivery. That made her nervous and she found herself jumping at every noise.
Next day, a huge bunch of red roses arrived without a card.  But soon after, a note appeared under a plate on her lunch tray. ‘Clever girl, didn’t we both like Carl for a boy? I love you.’ She hid it in her toiletry bag, anxious anyone might find it. Adrienne had no idea what Sean and Stanbourne were up to, only they were still looking for Peter.
She was resting on the bed after feeding the baby. There were two men outside her suite all the time, but there was a knock, the door opened and he walked in. She knew it was Peter straight away, although his disguise was perfect, his hair a carrot red, his voice too, with its thick Scot’s accent, better than any her father could do.  ‘Sorry to disturb you, madam, the nurse asked me to bring ya’ some freshwater.’ He closed the door, but one of the guards opened it again.
‘Thank you,’ said Adrienne, struggling to keep her voice normal. Their eyes met saying more than a million words.
‘First baby madam?’
‘Yes, he is.’
‘Och, I’ve had four of me own, my old lady would have kept going too, if I had’na put me foot down,’ he moved over to watch his son sleeping peacefully. ‘I’d better leave before I wake the wee bairn,’ he smiled at her and left far too quickly. She heard him talking to the guards and laughing, and as soon as they closed the door again, she was up and retrieved the letter he left in Carl’s crib.
My dear, most loved wife, I’ll not rush you, get used to being Carl’s mother first. Every time I see you, you are more beautiful than I remember.

She went home after four days, noticing the man with the red hair as they left, and tried her best to ignore him. Andrew helped her choose a nanny and she arrived the same day, but as yet, there wasn’t much to do, for Carl was a good baby and slept most of the time.
Andrew loved Carl, at first sight, Adrienne was worried he might react differently, considering the pain his father subjected them too. It was hard not to tell her father about her husband contacting her, but she knew it wiser not to, he would do all in his power to stop her leaving with him when the time came.

She liked to take Carl out for a walk in the park each day and alone, although she was never alone. This particular day it was chilly, so she made sure Carl was well wrapped-up. He was nearly a month old. As always, she sat on the same bench, and today there was a man, in a thick woollen overcoat, reading a newspaper. It was Peter, he had one glove off to turn the pages and she recognised his hand. ‘Be ready,’ he whispered, ‘about three weeks after your mother… pack a small bag for you and Carl.’
‘Please Peter, don’t hurt anyone?’ she whispered back, as she bent down to see to the baby.
‘Just for you, I will do my best. You had better go - one of your minders is getting suspicious.’

Adrienne stood up and continued her walk. Now the wait was nearly over, she felt apprehensive, and she couldn’t help but think about Sean. She knew she was jealous of whomever he slept with, and that was far from fair, considering she was supposed to be married. He would find someone eventually, and it might make him safer, but she didn’t want that. How much easier life would be if he were her husband instead of Peter?

Sean thought about her too, mainly before he went to sleep on his bunk. He wanted to hold her, put his face in her hair, everything a man did to tell a woman he loved her, but he hadn’t seen her for weeks. He knew she’d had a baby boy named Carl, Andrew kept him up to date with all the news. Funny, if, no, when, they succeeded in killing Schulman he would probably be bringing up his child as his own. That is if Adrienne still loved him?
They were still on exercises, but the paid mercenaries finished manoeuvres and some were waiting at a secret base ready to move quickly, the rest was extra security, as soon they’d move back to the aircraft.

Stanbourne was frustrated at not finding Schulman at the hospital. He was beginning to believe Adrienne had heard from him and not told anyone. He understood her motives were good, she didn’t want anyone to get hurt, especially her parents, and Sean.  However, she hadn’t denied she cared for Schulman, she’d admitted it. Of course, if she willingly went back to him, what she hoped was to keep everyone safe - her sacrifice. Sean should get out his little black book as soon as this op was over. Hell, there were a few attractive girls here, who wouldn’t knock him back, but he didn’t show any interest in any of them. Andrew was paying for most of this, but even he didn’t have bottomless pockets. Soon they would have to wrap this up and go home. But it didn’t suit him at all, he wanted to put Turk to rest, right now he was having trouble sleeping, something he rarely had trouble with before his friend's death.

Felicity had her baby by caesarean section. Adrienne left her precious baby with the under-worked nanny and rushed over to the hospital. She did as Peter asked, and had bags packed in her dressing room ready to leave at a moment’s notice. She knew he would not take her away from her mother at this time, he could be cruel, and yet thoughtfully kind.

‘I wanted to call him Andrew,’ admitted Felicity, but your father said no, so what do you think about Cameron. As Adrienne and her mother for the last few months talked about little else but names, she was relieved, her mother’s last choice of Macbeth had made her, and her father, cringe.
‘Love it, very Scott-Ramsey. I’m so pleased for you both.’
‘Your father is already thinking about more children, but at my age, it is not as easy.  Darling, I know I’m being morbid, but if anything should happen to me, will you bring him up? Andrew agrees.’
‘Of course mummy, but it won’t happen. You will both live into your nineties.’ She didn’t add she wouldn’t be here to help.
‘Oh dear, I hope not. Your father has changed a lot since…’
‘I had to go away?’ suggested Adrienne.  Felicity tried to ignore everything to do with the time her daughter spent with the husband who wasn’t - as if it had never happened. ‘Mummy you are tired, get some sleep before daddy comes back, I’ll come again tomorrow. Now daddy has someone else to take over the business,’ she said smiling at her baby brother.

Her father walked in, ‘Oh no, that’s yours, and hopefully Sean’s business. This son of mine might be like his mother and want to be a poet or a painter.’
‘Once you would have fought against it, but you’ve changed.’
‘Yes I have, and for the better, I hope.’ Felicity had fallen asleep, so he whispered, ‘I know you’ll hate me saying this, but can you imagine your mother, the perfect wife, and mother, running a company. She’d hate it, but you have the right attitude. How about coming to work, just part-time to start with, when you’ve stopped feeding Carl. You have a great nanny, who is always complaining she hasn’t enough to do.’

Adrienne felt sick and longed to tell her father the truth - soon she’d be gone again, but she’d planned this time. She would tell Peter she wanted to keep in contact with her family, have a more normal life, but it might take time for him to agree to it. ‘Daddy let me enjoy Carl a little while longer, please?’
Andrew knew his daughter well and sensed something wasn’t quite right, but wisely he put it down to those mysterious female hormones and said nothing.
Chapter 24


Felicity had been home for two weeks when Peter came to get his wife and son. He brought several men with him and true to his word, he didn’t hurt anyone. It was five in the morning, and a fully dressed Clare Burns, the nanny, waked Adrienne. ‘Mrs. Schulman, Adrienne, wake up your husband’s here for you.’ She already had Carl in her arms.
‘I don’t understand.’
Schulman walked in, ‘She works for me, darling. Clare, take my son downstairs.’ She did so. ‘I wish we had time for sex, but we don’t, hurry - don’t worry about what you look like, get into something warm and comfortable. Where are the bags I told you to pack?’
‘In the dressing room.’
Adrienne got out of bed, he watched as she slipped off her nightdress. ‘You still look great.’
‘I worked hard at it, but you know that. I won’t be long,’ She’d hidden a note for her father she prayed would be found.
Sorry, daddy. I am sure Cameron will be the son you want and run the business like a real Scott-Ramsey when he grows up. Tell Sean, it’s over - to find someone to love him. I still love him, but there’s little hope we will ever be together now. Peter loves me and treats me well. I doubt I will see you for a while, but I intend to work out some agreement so I can see my family because I love you all very much. My solicitor has instructions for you.

Following Peter downstairs, she saw the house staff lying on the floor in the big, nearly empty sitting room, she’d left instructions for her father to keep the house going, it was a shame she hadn’t finished decorating it, but she would be back. John looked up and one of the men in ski masks growled and told him to lie still.
‘Leave him,’ Adrienne said in a strong voice. ‘John, I want you to stay here and look after the house for me. Tell daddy all the instructions are at my solicitor…’
A car waited outside. Peter got in beside the driver with Adrienne and Clare Burns, and the baby safe in a travel cot between them. She saw others leaving and getting into cars and prayed Peter had kept his word.  ‘Peter?’
‘I didn’t hurt anyone.’
‘Thank you.’ Adrienne wondered if it included the men protecting them, the ones she knew nothing about.

They drove to a private airport a few hours away and boarded a small plane, which took them over the channel. There they changed into a bigger aircraft at another private airport. Peter was in a hurry, he knew there would be questions asked about their flights. As they settled in the next plane, he told Adrienne what she had been dreading, their destination.
‘Sorry darling, this time I can’t offer you a tropical paradise like the Bahamas, we are going to Russia, Stanbourne won’t find so many friends to help him there.’
‘Peter, you know how I hate the winter.’
‘Yes I do, I’ll keep you warm,’ he said with a grin.

It was freezing, despite the elegant mink coat and hat, and fur-lined boots, Adrienne felt her breath hurt as she breathed in, even Carl was fur-wrapped. The house was deep in the Russian countryside - Adrienne had no idea where she was and felt disorientated. It was an elegant relic from Czarist days, very grand and Adrienne was thankful when she saw it had central heating. Most of the staff spoke very little English, Peter spoke Russian like a native. She must ask him how many languages he spoke.
They had been on a very icy road for several hours, after one night in a St Petersburg hotel, and Adrienne was tired. Peter took his son from his mother, smiled as any besotted father would, and handed him to Clare.
‘You have a beautiful mother my son, and soon you will have more brothers and sisters to play with.’
‘Not just yet, I’m on the pill.’
‘Good.’ However, Adrienne sensed he didn’t mean it.
Clare walked upstairs with Carl, and staff members carried their luggage.
‘Clare is only a nanny, nothing sinister, all she knows is my father-in-law, a very powerful man, does not approve of his daughter marrying a man old enough to be her father, and has made life very difficult for us. The large salary I pay her makes her blind and deaf to whatever she suspects, so don’t worry, I’d never put our son at risk.’
‘Yes, I know.’
‘As for us, I’ve got a bottle of French champagne and good Russian caviar waiting in our rooms,’ he said, as he helped her from her coat and hat, which a waiting maid took away.

The rooms were very beautiful, and the plumbing better than Adrienne expected. It looked freshly renovated but in keeping with the original style, and the ornate furniture looked antique. Nearly everything was painted white, and the raised patterns picked out in gold leaf; to Adrienne, it looked like a house from Dr Zhivago, the film she had been forced to sit through as a child.  Her mother was enthralled, but Adrienne could only notice how old-fashioned the film looked, and as for Julie Christie’s hair and make-up, well! The memory made her miss her mother.

He was anxious to have sex, and as soon as the door closed behind them, he started to undress her and looked at her with hungry eyes. Adrienne too was eager, she’d been a long time alone in her bed. ‘God Addy, it’s been too long, last night was wonderful, I’ve been going crazy wanting you.’
‘I’ve not slept with anyone else Peter,’ she said pointedly.
‘I know, if you had he would be dead. It was wise of you to send your lovelorn friend away. I was very close to killing him until I saw you push him away.’

They made urgent love on top of the bed, not noticing the chill still in the room, which the central heating and the old stove in the corner could not quite dispel. Then he covered her with the eiderdown and opened the bottle of champagne, and brought the glasses back to the bed and got in beside her.
He proposed a toast, ‘To us Addy, may we have a long and happy marriage, and many sons, and daughters as beautiful as their mother.’
‘Not too many,’ interrupted Adrienne, ‘I don’t want to get fat, and then you will fall out of love with me,’ she said pointedly, her real meaning clear.
But Peter only laughed, ignoring what she said. ‘I’ll be the one getting old and fat long before you do, I’ve twenty-five years on you.’
She thought of Sean, she couldn’t help it. ‘I’m hungry,’ she said to distract them both. ‘It must be the cold.’
‘Caviar for my wife,’ he said getting up again, and bringing over the eggs on the most delicate pieces of thin, white bread.

It wasn’t long before they made love again, this time slowly, enjoying each other as they used to. Adrienne now realised she had been fooling herself into believing she loved him, she didn’t. Wanted him yes, he was a good lover, but there was an emptiness inside her afterwards. She wondered if it was because she was no longer afraid of him, she should be. If he guessed she no longer loved him, he’d kill Sean for sure, and eventually her too, if he thought he couldn’t win her back. Go away Sean, get out of my head, she said silently.
‘Penny for them?’ asked Peter.’
How well he knew the English language. ‘I was wondering how long we have to stay here in Russia,’ she lied.
‘A few years perhaps. It’s not bad here when you get used to it. We can order clothes from Paris, Milan, anywhere you like. I know it’s quiet here after London, but there are very smart parties in Moscow and St Petersburg, and there is the Ballet of course - you like the Ballet. I can’t wait to show you off.’

Adrienne knew she had to be very careful, she had to stop him finding out she had lost whatever feelings she once had for him. True, she was no longer afraid, but the emotion, which had taken the place of love, was a feeling of utter hopelessness, trapped in a marriage with a man she didn’t love, and the only hope of escape was if he died, or for that matter she did. She certainly couldn’t kill him, she didn’t exactly hate him, although she should, instead, she felt pity for him and she shouldn’t, she knew his past, he’d killed people and amongst them Joe.
‘You are miles away again,’ she heard him say, and forced a smile.
‘I’m sorry Peter, It’s just I can’t imagine staying here for too long. The house is lovely, like something out of a fairy tale, I may get used to it. I worry for Carl too, are there good doctor’s here if he catches pneumonia?’
‘Darling, he won’t, and I’ve money to send for the best doctors in Russia and the best drugs. Whatever either of you needs my love, you just have to ask. When the heat has died down, we’ll move to a sunnier climate, and I know you are thinking about your mother and your new brother, I won’t let you lose contact. We will exchange photos and letters this time, so they know you are well looked after.’
‘You are very good to me Peter,’ she meant it, and oddly felt a brief return of the love she once had for him. There he goes again, making me feel guilty, stirring up my pity. Please if there is a God up there, help me to get through this without going nuts.

John didn’t wait the five minutes they’d been told to remain on the floor but got up as soon as they had left.
‘No John, wait’ said Stella, Adrienne's housekeeper.
‘They’ve gone Stella,’ he said going straight to a phone, it was disconnected. ‘Quick, who has a mobile handy, they took mine?’
‘In my bag in the kitchen,’ said Stella getting up, ‘unless they took that too?’
John ran into the kitchen, Stella’s phone was turned-off so he handed it to her. But she was so shaken-up she couldn’t remember the code. ‘For god’s sake calm down, and it will come to you.’
‘Don’t shout. Oh god, I remember,’ she put in the code and handed it to John. ‘Ring 999.’
‘No, if her dad rings, it will get everyone here quickly, and in greater numbers. Stella the number must be in the book in the study.’ Stella was already on her way.

John was right, Andrew Scott-Ramsey did have the power to get help in minutes, and he arrived too, followed soon after by Sean and John Stanbourne. Both were distressed and angry. Adrienne’s note to her father she’d left hidden in the wardrobe was found.
Andrew read it and handed it to John Stanbourne. ‘She knew he was coming for her and didn’t tell any of us,’ John said, not sounding surprised. He handed it to Sean.’
‘Why would she do that?’ Sean asked.
‘She has her reasons,’ said John, ‘the main one being is she doesn’t go along with it, then he will kill you Sean, and if Andrew interferes, he’ll be on the list too. We’ll find them again, it’s only a matter of time, he can’t hide as well with a family in tow.’

Adrienne did her best to fight her depression, but Peter knew something was wrong, her smile was forced, her laughter too. To make matters worse, he had gone back to looking at her with that strange expression which unnerved her.
One morning she was staring unseeing into her mirror. Peter came behind her and kissed her naked shoulder, and she stupidly flinched. She realised from the look in his eyes she had made a mistake. ‘Oh I’m sorry Peter, you startled me,’ she smiled what she hoped was a warm smile, and the warmth returned to his eyes too.
Adrienne closed hers for a second with relief. She might be over her initial fear of her husband, but another far more complex fear had replaced it, and at its worse, it was as if her soul were empty. Pull yourself together, she said silently, as she opened her eyes, and he touched her gently, inflaming her loveless desire.

‘Darling, I know you desperately miss everyone at home, and it takes too long to get replies to your letters.’
‘Yes, I do understand why I feel a bit low Peter. It doesn’t help being cooped up. I know the snow is pretty, but you can’t stay outdoors for long, and it’s months until the spring.’
‘In your next letter, why don’t you suggest to your father he calls his dogs off.  After all, I’m not wanted for a crime anywhere, except Australia, and they have more than enough to do without chasing me, all they know for sure is we were using fake passports, everything else is hearsay. There is no proof of a crime unless you testify against me, and you won’t will you?’
She shook her head. ‘Of course not.  I’ll try. If daddy agrees, can we go back to London? But surely they would arrest both of us for wasting police time, or perverting the course of justice, or something?’
‘Your father has very powerful friends, I’m sure he can work something out so we are not arrested. All you have to say is you are sorry for all the trouble we’ve caused, but you did come with me willingly, you were frightened of your father’s reaction to our relationship, after what happened when you married Joe.’
Adrienne smiled. ‘You have it all worked out, don’t you?’
‘I hope so, will you try? I know you worry as to how your mother copes.’
‘Yes, I am. Very well, I’ll try, but I will need reassurances I, at least,’ she smiled mischievously, ‘won’t be going to prison. If you like I’ll stop the pill?’

‘You can’t be serious,’ said Sean angrily, ‘he’s a murderer.’
‘Yes, but as Adrienne says, there’s no proof.’ Andrew wasn’t happy, but it was the best he could hope for, at least for now.
‘What about Turk?’ asked John.
‘I haven’t forgotten anything he is guilty of, but at least we get Adrienne home. We can still go ahead with our plans, it will just be easier now, surely you can see?’
John nodded, he thought the same thing, but Sean was so angry he wasn’t rational.
‘He kidnapped her, everyone knows. And he committed immigration fraud in Australia.’
‘This time, she went willingly. Sean, for now, take the job I’ve organised in New York,’ insisted Andrew.
‘No!’
‘Sean, I agree with Andrew,’ Stanbourne added his weight to the argument. ‘Take the job and I’ll pretend to go back to the plane, and carry on as usual, but we will find a way of getting rid of him. Even if he was tried, and convicted for taking Adrienne and Carl, from their home using violence, and went to prison, he wouldn’t be there long and you can be sure no one would testify against him. I don’t know why, but he has played into our hands. Adrienne will need you when this is all over.’
‘No, he’s up to something, he always outwits us. I keep losing out.’ Sean shouted.
‘I lost Turk, and I’m willing to wait a while,’ said Stanbourne.
‘Sean we’ll get him,’ promised Andrew.
‘Oh yes, a few months of his charm, and you’ll both take the easy way out, Adrienne loves him for god’s sake.’
‘No Sean,’ said Andrew, ‘she will get over it. I want no more Joe Branstons in my family, I want her free.’
‘And I’ve been twice now to see Turk’s wife and kids, and I promise you, I won’t forget,’ said Stanbourne just as firmly.
‘Ok, I’ll go to New York, but I’m not staying long.’
Chapter 25


Andrew insisted John Clark took his very generous retirement cheque and get as far as he could from the house. He refused at first, saying only Adrienne could sack him, and she’d asked him to stay. It was only when Andrew explained why he needed to leave he agreed, how could he live under the roof as the man everyone suspected was Joe Branston’s killer. He finally agreed saying, he’d like to kill the bastard himself. All the other staff would be those chosen by Peter Schulman.
It was three months later Mr and Mrs Peter Schulman and a few staff members landed at Heathrow airport on a flight from Moscow.

Adrienne saw a subtle change in her husband on the trip, no one else could see it but her. She was used to every nuance of his body language, what each small sound or movement he made meant. She supposed she was so aware of everything because of the on-going psychological battle she waged inside. So far, she was winning the war, he still believed she loved him. At times, even with the wonderful news they were going back to London, she still felt depressed, but not as often. She accepted her life, and their son was gorgeous. He had to believe in her, or he’d never have risked the move. She was grateful and put her hand over his and he smiled at her, it was getting easier to fool him. She still thought about Sean a lot, dreamt about him too, and was worried she might call out his name as she slept.

Adrienne was nervous as they landed, scared in case Stanbourne, or the police would be waiting for them. Only Andrew waited, as Peter arranged. She ran into her father’s arms. She was in tears, and Peter noticed Andrew had tears in his eyes too, they were soft with love for his daughter.
As the introductions were made, those eyes changed to be as cold as ice. ‘Mr. Schulman?’ the voice was guarded, and just below anger.
‘Peter, please Andrew,’ he answered with one of his most charming smiles. No one would ever guess from his manners just what his true character was.
‘How’s mummy?’ Adrienne quickly distracted her father, he wasn’t a good actor.
‘Fine, no sign of depression this time, although she misses you terribly. She’s still got a few extra pounds, says she knows you’ll help her get them off.’
‘Yes I will, but we can’t go to the gym together yet, because I’m expecting another baby,’ her eyes pleaded with her father. Make the best of it, please don’t be angry.
After a pause, he said the right thing. ‘Congratulations. Your mother isn’t keen to have another one.’
Adrienne hugged him again. ‘It’s so good to be back.’

Back at the house, she noticed John had gone, and understood why, but still, she would have liked to choose her staff. She was still pleased with Clare Burns and believed Peter when he said she was a qualified nanny, nothing more. She soon settled back into her home, got used to the new staff, and felt much better now she was back in London. Peter noticed the difference too.
To all intents and purposes, Andrew and Stanbourne had given up the chase. John Stanbourne had gone back to the U.S. where he was back with the plane, working on two cases. It was six months later he returned on the pretext of another client. True, but it was a simple case of finding a relative for an inheritance. It gave him the perfect opportunity to assess what was happening.
Sean was called back to London too.

Adrienne had her daughter Helena a few weeks beforehand and took Carl over to her mother’s to play with Cameron. Schulman never left her side and sat next to Felicity drinking tea, when Andrew walked in with Sean. The atmosphere in the room changed. Peter watched both their faces carefully as they politely shook hands. Sean had practised hard for this moment, but his eyes gave him away, he looked wary, his eyes cold, uncertain. Adrienne knew then she still loved him, and her eyes told him. She quickly dropped them and made an excuse to see to the children.

After that moment of truth, Adrienne had her feelings under control. Sean’s American girlfriend was coming over to meet everyone. Felicity looked puzzled for a moment, but her manners were always excellent. ‘Do we know her Sean?’ she asked politely.
‘I doubt it, Felicity, we met in New York,’ he lied. For Christie Hartford was not his girlfriend, but one of Stanbourne’s employees, beautiful and clever enough to play the part, and hopefully keep Schulman from the truth, Sean still wanted Adrienne.
Sean had only seen photos of his rival previously, and he was surprised how different he looked in the flesh, he looked healthy and fit, and much better looking than he’d imagined. For a man of nearly fifty, he could get away with a decade before. His once blond hair may be nearly grey, but it gave him distinction instead of ageing him. If he were honest, Peter Schulman looked like a Hollywood leading man.

Shaking Schulman’s hand politely, as if they knew nothing of each other, was the hardest thing Sean had ever done. He struggled to smile, and go through the pleasantries, just as he had practised. When he got back in the car with Andrew, he was shaking.
‘He’s not what I expected either,’ said Andrew guessing his thoughts.
‘No, he’s very good looking and charming too. Why shouldn’t Adrienne be in love with him?’
‘She’s not Sean. She’d have told her mother or me if she was. The new baby helps, and I have to admit the bastard is a great husband and father.’
‘Then why not just shoot him, as you said it will be covered up, why wait?’
‘It’s not so easy, he is clever. He is always with Adrienne or one of the children or surrounded by his minders. Stanbourne’s right, we have to lull him into a state where he feels secure you are no longer in love with Adrienne, and I, seeing what a good family man he is, will forget how we all came to this. Added to that, we have to try to make it look as if he died of natural causes - the stress in his line of work can’t be good for his health after all. Be patient Sean, we’ll get the bugger.’

Schulman wondered what was going on, he had up to date news on Sean, and Chrissie Hartford was very new on the horizon, hardly a serious girlfriend. He carried on charming Felicity, half-listening to her conversation until she joined Adrienne on the floor, playing with Cameron and Carl. Left to his thoughts he felt uneasy, he had always known this madness for a woman he forced to be his, would be his downfall. He tried to deny it, but it would. In his youth, all he had wanted was a secure family life, like other children, but it was as if he were damned then, for the crimes he would later commit, he made all the wrong choices. He had loved Adrienne from the first moment he had seen her laughing happily with Joe. She was every woman to him - mother, sister, wife, all the girlfriends he never had, and he knew too, she was his nemesis because he was not worthy of her. He knew Andrew well, he was sure as soon as the opportunity arose he would find a way of killing him. Of course, if he were a wise man he could just leave Adrienne and his children, but no, what sort of life could he have without them? What would be the point of living? And he couldn’t take her away again and see her struggling with loneliness.

Adrienne was very surprised Peter was so keen to have another baby so soon after Helena. ‘We agreed the children will grow up closer if there isn’t much time between them,’ he said not asking her, but almost begging.
She looked at him as if to say tell me what you are thinking Peter, for she knew something was wrong. Since Sean had come back to London, he’d been different. No one else could see it, but he was. Peter had his lawyers make his will watertight and were busy selling off enterprises Adrienne could well do without. He told her in case anything happened to him, she and the children would be fine, his legal business interests could easily be added to her own. He said every wise man made sure his family were protected if anything happened to them. She said she had enough money without needing anything from him, and he’d said with a smile he was much older and could die of a heart attack at any time. If it did happen, best everything was easy for her.

All this seemed out of character for Peter Schulman, mortality had always been a long way from his thoughts as if he were not alive anyway. Adrienne knew she felt love for him. Especially when he showed vulnerability or the simple delight he took in playing with his children, or at their antics if they did something funny or clever. She loved him then, and he could see it in her eyes, but then almost against her will, the warm feeling would disappear to be replaced, not by hate, but the old feeling of being trapped, having no real say in her life. Then she felt depressed, in the pit of her stomach. Then she wanted him dead, so she could be free. Those feelings would go too, and Adrienne would be left with no feeling at all, just emptiness.
She was lost in her reverie and when she looked into his eyes, she saw the strange, almost cold look she never understood, as if he were trying to read her thoughts, or could read them, and was unsure what to make of them.
‘I’m sorry Peter,’ she apologised, ‘I was thinking about what you said. Fine, I’m willing to have another baby, but that’s it, at least for a few years, is that a deal?’
Life was back in his eyes again. ‘You will never know how much I love you, Adrienne. I know you don’t feel as much for me as I do for you.’
 She didn’t answer, she never did when he said something along those lines, but as it always did, her stomach contracted with fear again. As if he knew, he moved his hand over her tummy to take away the pain, as he imagined it full again with his child. His hand then moved down between her legs to give her pleasure, at least when they made love she was his.

Stanbourne and Scott-Ramsey worked out a plan. They met up with Sean and his shadow Chrissie. Chrissie had unwisely fallen for Sean but he had not taken her up on her offer of sex. He told her straight he loved Adrienne, so he’d just be using her, and as he valued their friendship, let’s just stay friends.
She had replied, ‘Not the old line,’ but to do her credit she had smiled. Odd, she thought, how Sean, apparently a normal man on the surface, was just as obsessed with Adrienne, as that kooky guy she was married to. So they became good friends, and Chrissie slept with Stanbourne.

‘This is what we propose,’ said Andrew as if this were a plan for a merger, not a murder. ‘I’m going to buy a country property, lifestyles change when you have children and grandchildren. Adrienne will give me hell because she wanted a country house with a pony like her friends, and she called me a tight-fisted Scot. I am worried my sudden change of mind may tip off my daughter something strange is going on, so I want this kept from her until we’ve found the right place. Schulman can read her like a book and we don’t want to tip him off. I can say when the time comes I am sorry I deprived her of the pony and I want to be a better father to Cameron than I was for her.’
Sean smiled at the thought, and Chrissie looked at him. Poor Chrissie, Stanbourne thought having to settle for me, instead of Sean.
‘John?’
‘We find the right house and set a plan in motion. Jeremy Coultard can’t help with the deed, but he has offered to help us clean up. We know Schulman is a master killer, for want of a better word, so this is a very dangerous job. We all know we cannot imprison him, even if we could get something on him, all we can do is to kill him, before he decides to get rid of us instead. I have finally persuaded Andrew, he does not have the necessary skills to be in at the kill, and he also has a future relationship with his daughter to think about. And Sean, I know you will argue, but the same goes for you. You must both leave this to my experts.’
‘Where the hell do you get all these men willing to kill?’ Sean asked.
‘Same as everyone else does, they don’t come cheap, most will be those we involved earlier, although as you know, Schulman and his men killed some of those guarding Adrienne when he took her to Russia. He is a tough adversary,’ said Stanbourne. ‘But this time the game is ours, not his.’
‘It is still going to take a while to get everything ready.’ Andrew said, and Sean nodded he understood. ‘Felicity believes Adrienne is pregnant again.’
‘What you are saying is, am I prepared to take on a ready-made family, and the children of a crazy psychopath, I don’t have any choice do I?
‘It is ironic Felicity says I am still not home enough and I should take a leaf out of Schulman’s book, for the man couldn’t be a better father.’
‘And husband too?’ asked Sean angrily.
‘Sean as much as I am fond of you, if I believed Adrienne was really happy with that monster, then I might leave things the way they are, but she’s not. He controls every aspect of her life, and I can assure everyone here, there is nothing Adrienne hates more.’

It took another three months before they came up with the right house. A sprawling juxtaposition of different eras and styles, in Somerset, set well away from any neighbours. Its last owner rarely visited, preferring the warmer climes of Tuscany. Andrew outbid another interested party, paying far too much for it. He was running out of easily available money, soon he’d had to sell off more important assets to keep the plan going. He was prepared for it to take all he had. Now they were ready, he told Felicity and Adrienne about the house.
‘A country house Andrew?’ said an amazed Felicity, ‘but you hate the country.’
‘Yes, but I always remember Adrienne asking me to buy one, somewhere she could keep a pony. I thought now there are so many children in the family, I’d try to make it up to her. The children could play safely, and get fresh air.’
‘Yes you are right, but Andrew we would need staff, have you any idea just how much it would cost to run it?’
‘Of course, it’s a large house but I got it very cheaply,’ he lied. ‘I did it for Adrienne too, it’s not too late, she’ll have her pony. Felicity, it’s a bit run down and needs some decorating.’ He knew his wife loved decorating.
‘Andrew I think it’s a lovely idea, but will Peter let Adrienne and the children come?’ She was more astute sometimes than she let on.
‘You will have to use your charm Felicity, Peter likes you.’

It was as if he knew. Andrew watched Schulman as he watched Adrienne and Felicity getting excited about the house. He offered his son-in-law a large scotch. Andrew hated him for hurting his precious daughter, but it was as if this hate were a monster inside of him he had to control, it threatened to burst out sometimes. He knew too, he didn’t fool Schulman as to his real feelings. How did a man so terrible, love so much? Their eyes met as Andrew handed him the glass, and he felt a tremendous cold as if Schulman were made of ice.
‘Please darling, can we go down with them next weekend?’ Adrienne sounded excited. ‘I asked daddy to buy a house with stables years ago. Of course, in those days he was too tight-fisted. Please say yes?’
‘Yes, we will all go,’ he said quietly. 
‘You can bring some of your staff if you need to?’ said Andrew.
‘Will I need them?’ he said. Adrienne was too preoccupied talking to her mother to notice the nuance in his words.
‘Of course not,’ said Andrew smiling.

Peter didn’t take anyone, and Clare often had a weekend off when they weren’t busy. He did, of course, have his gun. Peter drove the family down himself. He hadn’t seen Adrienne so happy for a long time. He knew she was always careful of her actions, and her thoughts, in case she’d say something to upset him, especially about Sean. He must tell her he won’t hurt him or her family, no matter what happens, perhaps then she could relax more. He was still uncertain about Andrew, but if he knew Adrienne was really happy, then he believed he would come round to her choice in time. He knew he had made a mistake in letting her come back to her family. He knew when he suggested it, but seeing her as depressed as she had been in Russia hurt him, and this was the only way to make her happy and he was willing to take any risk. He looked at her, she glowed with health and looked so very much alive, he felt as if he were not in the same world suddenly, a wraith, divorced from reality, worse, as if Adrienne and the children didn’t need him, as if he was superfluous to their needs.
‘Darling?’ Adrienne's repeated, ‘you’re not listening. Carl is asking, you need to stop and, it’s urgent.’
‘Sorry Carl, daddy will pull over now,’ he stopped on the grass verge and got out to help his son do his wee-wee. The sight of his fine, blond hair all ruffled up, and damp from sleep made him feel the great love he had for him, and then inexorably he felt fear. This was a setup, and he wasn’t ready to die yet - no, not now, not when he had the life he had always dreamed of, and once believed he never would have. Before his family, it didn’t matter if he lived or died, why he had been so successful in his field, but now… he wanted to see his next child born, and to see Carl and Helena grow up…’
Adrienne changed Helena’s nappy on the back seat of the car. Even that simple act was full of beauty, and even more beautiful was her smile as she looked at him. Once the children were strapped in again, Adrienne got back in the front seat. She looked a little dishevelled, Helena loved to pull at her mother’s long hair.
‘Happy darling?’ he asked her.
‘Yes, we’ve never been on our own before, either Clare’s here, or Jackson is driving, or another car follows us. I feel free, it’s wonderful.’
Peter started off again, she didn’t see the change of expression on his face, it only lasted a moment, but she had a sudden insight. My god, Peter is alone and so vulnerable, and my father hates him. She almost said let’s go home, but a little voice said, no daddy wouldn’t, not with the children around, but wouldn’t you like to be free of him? No, she decided, not if it meant Peter’s death. I’m confused again, but no, daddy would never… she settled back into the seat and relaxed again.

The house was everything Adrienne dreamed of as a little girl. She loved London but sometimes it would be pleasant to escape to the countryside and still be home. When the children were older, they could play here in safety, unlike the local parks where you had to watch them like a hawk.

Her father conducted them on a tour of the house. ‘Does it meet with your approval, Adrienne?’
‘Daddy, I told you years ago what I wanted, but this is huge, I meant just a few acres and a cottage, with a barn we could use a stable.’
‘The trouble with spoilt, rich little girls is they think their father is an endless source of money. When you were asking for a pony, my money was needed to grow the business. I had no money to fritter away on horses, so you could show off to your friends,’ Andrew said it with a smile, so she took it the same way.
‘All right point taken. I was a little self-absorbed,’ her father raised his eyebrows, ‘I was difficult, I admit it,’ then she stopped, she thought of Joe for a moment, he was in her mind less and less lately.

Andrew watched Peter from the corner of his eye, he had Helena in his arms and was bending down to hear what Carl was trying to say to him. Felicity was right, he was the perfect father, Andrew’s resolve wavered, and it wasn’t for the first time. Sometimes it was hard to believe all the horror stories about the man. Then he remembered Adrienne's early experiences with him, and how she’d suffered, and still did, and his resolve hardened again. They were prepared, get him away from the women and children, and kill him. The dummy ambulance, fake death certificate; everything was ready. It is murder, said a voice, no it is retribution, said Andrew back to his conscience.
Carl toddled off and his mother went chasing after him. To avoid speaking to Peter, Andrew took Helena from him, and talked to her instead, so his son-in-law could help his wife.

The best killers Stanbourne could find were ready and waiting. Sean would be surprised just how many men could kill a man like Schulman without a thought, so many men were vigilantes at heart and this time, they had the British Government to tidy things up afterwards. He’d done the same once before, and then his own government’s department was all too pleased to cover up that murder too, considering the crimes involved.
It was up to Andrew and Sean to get him into position for his execution, while Chrissie distracted the others. He knew his conscience was already troubling him, funny, the first time he just felt relieved.
John knew why, Schulman’s children loved him, and perhaps Adrienne did too. Her father had told him she didn’t, not really, but he wished he could ask her himself, the trouble was getting her away from a very possessive husband. Besides, if anything happened to Sean or Andrew how would he feel? Then Turk’s face came into his mind, and his conscience was pushed aside.
Chapter 26


Sean and Chrissie joined the party a few hours later. As usual, Chrissie sought out Adrienne for a chat. Chrissie might be jealous of the love Sean had for his old flame, but despite that, she couldn’t help but like her. Adrienne too had selfishly wished them well in their relationship, and Chrissie was fun, a little older, but still young enough to be interested in the same clothes and media. Chrissie though, like any other woman who loved hopelessly, saw every painful glance between the star-crossed lovers, and she worried Peter Schulman did the same.

The next day the sun disappeared - it was cloudy and looked like rain. Sean, Chrissie, and Adrienne played darts and billiards with Peter, who always beat them. Andrew watched with hooded eyes, waiting for the perfect chance, but missed each one. The men had been in position before they got here, there was another well-hidden entrance via the stables, and a convenient wildwood hid the men entering the night before.

Sunday was bright and sunny again, and after a long, tranquil lunch, Peter tried to stop Carl and Cameron fighting. Cameron was a born troublemaker, and he always watched with satisfaction his son was the peacemaker offering his toys to Cameron but refusing to be bullied out of them.

He was a happy man, he and Adrienne made wonderful love last night, and he still felt bathed in its relaxing glow. Watching his children, he felt the love and pride in his family threatening to burst out from him, if he had a singing voice, he’d have opened his mouth and sang of it to the world. Adrienne was happy too, for he had told her she must not worry about Sean any longer, he’d not harm him, because he knew she loved him not Sean, and wisely Adrienne told him, yes she did.

Suddenly his mood changed, the new staff Andrew employed worried him. They were the type of men he recognised, even the decorator Felicity had asked to come today, looked too muscular and fit, even if his clothes were suitably eccentric. The more he thought about it, there was something not quite right here. He watched Sean and Chrissie, he had done a search on her and she checked out, but there again he hadn’t gone any further than a normal search. He checked out the house, and sent men to look around the day before they came, they reported nothing odd. And the man watching it hadn’t seen anything out of the ordinary, he believed Andrew when he said he wanted a country house for the children. Peter Schulman was getting stupid in his ideal world. The way Sean looked at Adrienne was still the look of a man in love, although he tried to hide it, and as for the way he looked at Chrissie, it was with fondness yes, but not with love. Did it matter if he married Chrissie on the rebound? Of course, the man was still in love with Adrienne, if the roles were reversed could he forget her? He wished he had not sworn to Adrienne Sean was safe, but he couldn’t break his promise - she’d know. Still, if in the future he found a safe way to get rid of his rival, well, it might be wise…’

As if echoing Peter’s dark thoughts, the thunderstorm struck, the rain ran down the windows, it got so dark and gloomy, they switched on the lights. Felicity hated storms, they usually gave her a migraine, and she felt one starting now, so she made an excuse and went to bed, so Chrissie and Adrienne had their hands full with the children. This was the perfect time to try to get Peter where they wanted him. Sean barely drank all weekend, but Andrew was doing his best to get Peter a little merry, deliberately using a nearly empty bottle of the best whisky, he had ever tasted, to ask Peter to accompany him to the cellar to help retrieve more.

Andrew started what had been echoing in his head all weekend. ‘Damn Peter,’ he sounded a little drunk, not too much, just enough to explain why he suddenly wanted to be sociable with Peter, whom he usually avoided. ‘We’re out of whisky. You haven’t seen the wine cellar yet, have you? I’m thinking about starting a real wine cellar, seems a shame not to use it,’ he slurred.  ‘Come on, I’ve several more cases of this excellent brew down there. Come and help me carry some bottles back.’ Schulman noticed Sean wasn’t in the room, and he hadn’t noticed him leave. He got up to follow Andrew. ‘The wine cellars are hidden off the old library, the sort of place Adrienne would have loved to get up to mischief as a child.’
‘I heard that daddy.’
‘I’ll show you and Chrissie later when the children are in bed.’
‘If you keep up the scotch at the rate you have been going at it, both you and Peter will be asleep before dinner.’

Andrew led the way, as per Stanbourne’s instructions, he must not follow Peter down the steps, but drop the trapdoor and stand well away from it. The slight elation he felt was not from any alcohol, but because if all went well, soon Adrienne would be free of this manipulating monster. On the other hand, Sean was feeling far from elated, as he waited in the dark to finally see his rival defeated.

Schulman was nervous, with all the instinct of a cornered animal, he felt his hands going clammy, and resisted checking his gun. If he had to kill them both then he had to… but Adrienne? She could never forgive him, even though it had been self-defence, he would lose whatever way it went, and of course, Sean and Andrew were no match for him, but there again the staff… perhaps why they looked more like his staff than anyone Felicity would hire. It meant Russia again, but the thought of her earlier depression made his gut ache with fear, a fear she would no longer love him. His life might as well be over.

‘The cellar sold the house. I might start up a wine business when I retire, you wouldn’t believe just how extensive the cellars are.’ A hidden door in the library led to a, strangely shaped, windowless room, cold and empty but for a heavy wooden trapdoor, and the way into the underworld Peter thought. Andrew pulled it up with difficulty, it was thick and heavy. The stairs leading down looked recent, the wood was raw looking. Andrew reached for a new looking light switch on the floor next to the trapdoor frame. ‘Go on down,’ he urged.
He knew he should have refused, but he went down anyway. The trapdoor slammed shut as soon as he was down far enough, and of course, the light went off too. They were bloody fools if they thought they could take him out, his gun was already in his hand, and he listened, he’d trained for years in the dark, his ears straining for any sound. He crept down the steps thinking this was perfect, he’d kill Sean in self-defence, and if he got the chance Andrew too, oh my love will grieve, but knowing the circumstances she will eventually forgive me.

Adrienne was curious about her father asking Peter for help and asked Chrissie to mind the children just a few moments while she followed them. ‘No wait, we’ll both go and have a look later, look at Helena she is trying to stand up,’ Chrissie said, trying to stop her.
‘I won’t be long Chrissie,’ said Adrienne with a smile, and went in the direction her father had indicated to Peter before Chrissie could stop her.
She shouted for someone to come to the children, and quickly followed Adrienne.
When she entered the strange little room, Adrienne confronted her father. ‘Daddy don’t do this, open the trapdoor!’
‘Do what darling, it’s just a joke.’
‘No, you don’t joke, open the door!’
‘No, I won’t, he is a monster.’
‘Not to me, and the children adore him. Open it!’ she screamed.
From the corner of her eye, she saw Chrissie coming and spun around to push her away. Despite her pregnancy, Adrienne was still agile, she pushed Chrissie into her father, and they both fell awkwardly and heavily against the wall. With the strength born from fear, she opened the trap door and found the light switch, before Chrissie was on her feet again and down the steps before she could reach her. ‘Peter!’ she yelled.
‘Here my darling,’ he whispered from the shadows, ‘don’t come down, I’ll come up to you.’ But it was too late, she was coming down the steps. He grabbed her, putting her in the front meaning to go back up the stairs. Adrienne was shocked at the number of black-clad men surrounding them, and Peter no longer felt confident he could win this.
‘I know you won’t hurt her Schulman,’ yelled Stanbourne from the shadows. ‘You love her, the perfect woman. You love her more than your mother, she was flawed. But Adrienne is perfect, isn’t she? A good, faithful wife, and loving mother, everything you ever wanted and never thought existed for you. If you kill her, you will hate yourself, and what of your children, and your unborn?’

Adrienne knew Peter would never harm her, this was just a ploy to leave the cellar, but she was shocked to see Sean amongst the men holding guns on them, the expression on his face was one of determination.
‘Darling,’ Peter whispered, ‘Please go back up the stairs, he’s right I don’t want you hurt or our baby.’
‘No Peter, they will kill you,’ Adrienne was no fool, this was a lynch mob.
‘Go back up as soon as I’m away.’ he used Adrienne as a shield until he reached a wall, then ran off towards another cellar, meaning to try and fight his way out.
‘Sean,’ said Stanbourne in no hurry to pursue their trapped quarry, ‘please take Adrienne back to her father.’
Sean moved towards her. ‘No, don’t you touch me,’ she turned to Stanbourne. ‘Please don’t kill him, he’s not all bad, you are wrong about him.’

Andrew came down the stairs. ‘Adrienne, have you any idea how many deaths he is responsible for? And no matter what he says to you, Sean’s life is in danger, he’d find a way to kill him without you believing it was he. Come up the stairs, this is for the best.’
‘No daddy, it’s not.’ Sean started towards her again, but she struggled from his grip and ran off in the direction Peter had gone. She heard shots. ‘Peter!’ she screamed, running for the sound, she felt disorientated in the dimness, but the lights suddenly went on. She moved forward and saw Peter standing against the wall. He was still upright, but she could see blood on his shirt. Adrienne didn’t see the body on the floor and nearly fell over it. By the time, she reached her husband he’d slid down the wall leaving a bloody smear as he did so.
‘Peter!’ she screamed again and then softer, ‘Oh Peter, no.’ He was still alive but couldn’t move. ‘Get help please,’ she shouted, but no one moved. She bent down to him, tears in her eyes, and dropped to her knees before him, sobbing.
‘I knew you loved me,’ he said as she tried to hold him.
‘I do Peter,’ she admitted, for everyone, not just him.

Andrew and Chrissie watched. After a few moments, Chrissie went over to her to try to comfort her, but at first, she refused to leave Peter’s body.
When at last Chrissie got her up, and out of the cellar, Andrew said, ‘What a bloody fucking mess, she wasn’t supposed to see any of this. She’ll never forgive us now. Fuck you, Peter Schulman, you won after all.’

Felicity woke to find an ambulance outside and ran downstairs in a panic to find out what was happening. Chrissie took Adrienne to her room to get her out of her blood-stained clothes and into her dressing gown, while Chrissie found her something else to wear. Adrienne lay on her bed sobbing.
‘Andrew what’s happened?’ asked Felicity white-faced.
‘It’s Peter, Felicity,’ said Andrew, looking grey with fatigue. He’s had a heart attack, and he’s dead.’
‘No surely not, he always looked the epitome of good health. Oh my god, where’s Adrienne.’
‘Upstairs, with Chrissie.’
Felicity ran upstairs to her daughter. ‘Oh my dear, what’s happening, I can’t believe it.’

Chrissie’s heart was in her mouth, as she waited for Adrienne to answer. ‘He’s dead mummy, I can’t believe it either.’

Chrissie relaxed, thanking God, Adrienne hadn’t told her mother the truth. She’d thrown the bloodied blouse and jeans into the bottom of the cupboard just in time. ‘Felicity would you mind seeing to the children. I had to leave them with one of the men, and I don’t know what he knows about children. I’ll look after Adrienne, and relieve you as soon as she is feeling better?’  Felicity was torn between her daughter, and her son and grandchildren.
‘Please Felicity I won’t be long, I’m finding Adrienne something fresh to wear.’

Felicity still hesitated and then nodded, but first, she touched her daughter’s shoulder.
Chrissie sat on the bed waiting for Adrienne to stop crying. When she had, Adrienne said, ‘You were part of this plot weren’t you?’
‘Yes, I’m not Sean’s girlfriend, I’m one of Stanbourne’s operatives. Sean is so much in love with you.’
‘Yes, I know.’
‘Adrienne it had to be done, it was only a matter of time before Peter found a way of killing Sean, without you believing he’d done it.’
‘He promised me.’
‘Perhaps he did, but could you be sure he meant it? After Sean, it would have been your father, tell me, Adrienne, could you have lived with that too?’
‘No, he promised me. I made sure he was happy, so he wouldn’t.’
‘And what sort of life was that?’
‘Not so bad, believe it or not, and I know you will choose not to. In a way, I did love him and when he died, he knew it. Oh god, why not leave things alone, how could you all? My babies - how will I tell Carl? He loves his father so much.’

Andrew chose that moment to knock and enter his daughter’s room. Adrienne got off the bed. ‘Get out,’ she shouted, ‘get out, this is Joe all over again isn’t it?’
‘For God’s sake Adrienne, the man kidnapped and raped you, then forced you to marry him. What the hell did you expect me to do?’
‘I hate you and Sean too, you didn’t have to kill him. Get out and leave me alone.’

Stanbourne waited for him in the dining room. Sean was sat, his head in his hands. When he looked up Andrew could see he’d been crying.
‘She told me to get out, she hates me,’ Andrew admitted.
‘Of course, she did. Not only has she been through a horrific experience but she is grieving,’ said Stanbourne. ‘We all knew she cared for him, but even she wasn’t sure just how much. She’ll come around, she has to admit Sean, whom she says she still loves, was in real danger from this man. I’ll talk to her soon.’

Whatever Stanbourne said to her, she hardly remembered it, although they were alone for hours. He went through her life with Schulman, trying to explain the complexity of her feelings, her confusion and real fear of him, as well as the strangely compelling, but also repulsing love she felt for Peter Schulman.’
She cried again and then slept from exhaustion. In the end, she agreed with John Stanbourne, she was free at last, but as for now, the cost to her was too high.

Everyone was in bed, but Andrew and Sean who drank whisky, both were sober, even though they’d nearly emptied a bottle.
‘Well?’ asked Andrew as Stanbourne entered.
‘She agrees with our logic, but emotionally it will take time. The children will help. Chrissie asleep?’
‘Yes, she helped Felicity get the children settled, they know something odd is going on, they had trouble, especially with Carl.’
‘How’s Felicity?’
‘Better than I expected. I was surprised Adrienne didn’t tell her what happened.’
‘She cares for her mother, she wouldn’t want to hurt a person she sees as innocent of the deed. Well, she told me just what we knew, she loved Peter for his vulnerability. So, Sean, it’s now your turn to act vulnerable. I gave her something mild to help her sleep, but Sean might I suggest you are there when she wakes up. If she screams at you and tells you to leave, stick it out, don’t leave, tell her how you feel. If you back off, she will take the easy way out.’
Sean nodded and stood up. ‘Thanks for the tip, but I doubt she’ll forgive me.’
‘She will, after all, she went along with him at the beginning, because she didn’t want any harm to come to you.’ Sean gave a ghost of a smile and left.

John Stanbourne sat down and accepted a scotch. ‘Now I can relax. I owed Turk that, but to be honest this revenge never tasted sweet. What if Peter was reformed, had found god so to speak?’
‘I don’t believe it. Adrienne was kidding herself, but to be honest, I had no idea she cared so much for him. I hope she forgives Sean, he went through so much to help her. As for me, well I’m used to being the bad father.’
‘She loves you, Andrew.’
‘She loved Peter Schulman too.’

The incident was tidied up quietly by MI5 - the official cause of death, heart attack. Adrienne made no fuss and went along with everything. Still, she grieved as hard for Peter as she had for Joe. She had the baby and devoted the next few months to be both a mother and a father to her children.

Two years later after a slow and often painful reconciliation, she finally married Sean, and they quickly had two children of their own. None of her children by Peter grew up like their father, and they never found out the full truth about him, only he’d died of a heart attack when they were very young - she owed him that. They were a happy, noisy family, including Felicity and Cameron in all the family outings. They sold the house where Peter died, and Adrienne and Sean bought their place in the country, complete with ponies, everything Adrienne was once denied.
However, her relationship with her father never fully recovered, although for her mother and brother’s sake, at least on the surface it appeared to be fine. Sean took the business over from Andrew, and he, in turn, groomed Cameron to take over when he was ready. Unlike his father-in-law, Sean was never happy separated from his family and spent as little time as possible away.

Adrienne was not unhappy, married to the man of her choice, but she was never quite the same after Peter’s death, she had grown up yes, but the hard way. She placed Peter and Joe’s ashes in a folly in the garden of the country house, and always placed fresh flowers there. She couldn’t forget because she had nightmares about them, she would wake up in terror, in a cold sweat. It was Peter though, who haunted her. It was as if his spirit was always with her, waiting for her. In the dark, as Sean lay sleeping beside her, she could almost hear Peter whispering; I love you, worse, his eyes seemed to be staring back at her from the shadows…. waiting for her to come to him...


