PACK OF LIES
By: Rebecca Winters
Copyright © 2013 Rebecca Winters
All Rights Reserved
First Edition
First Originally Published by Page Publishing 2013
ISBN: 978-62838-221-1 (pbk)
ISBN: 978-1-62838-222-8 (digital)
Printed in the United States of America
About Rebecca Winters
Rebecca is a married mother of four whose husband is active duty.  She has always enjoyed writing since she was young and has written since middle school where she won multiple Editor’s Choice Awards for poems written while in school.  After being injured in the military and unable to work her husband encouraged her to write some of the stories she had been talking about wanting to tell.  When Rebecca finally sat down, she wrote her first book within the first two months.  Her husband sat day after day listening to her story, giving her advice, and helping her edit and decide whether she should keep something in her story or take them out.  He was also very helpful taking care of the kids allowing Rebecca to have time to write her stories.  Rebecca always says she knows she would not have been able to write her first book or her second book, especially while going through school.  Rebecca is very blessed to have her husband and kids as well as the rest of her family that is supportive of her writing career. 
More Books from Rebecca Winters
Pack Of Lies
Deceit Among The Pack (Coming September 2015)
A Growing Pack (Coming March 2016)
A New Alpha (Coming September 2016)
Connect with Rebecca Winters
www.facebook.com/Rebecca.winters.author 
www.twitter.com/Winters7612 
Rebeccawinters2012@outlook.com 


This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Smashwords Edition, License Notes Thank you for downloading this ebook. This book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy from their favorite authorized retailer. Thank you for your support.

Cover image produced by Eddie Photozine
https://www.facebook.com/Lightandshadowphotocreations/
Cover model: Danni Romero













Prologue
When some people look back on their lives they wonder how they got to the point that they are at and what they could have done differently to change their life.
Well that’s exactly what I’m thinking about while lying on the wet asphalt with my blood slowly oozing out of the gunshot wound that I just received from a 9 mm and a man in a mask. 
“Way to go Rain”, I think to myself. “Now what?” I try to move only to realize the wound is up to high and the more I move around the faster I lose blood.  “Dammit!” I scream as loudly as possible because it’s the only thing I can do.  After everything I survived up until now, my once mundane life turned upside down by one man. Who the fuck is it?  I wish I could get to him to see, to rip his mask off.  I look around.  He’s gone.
What now?  What can I do to save myself?  If I don’t do something soon I’m going to leave my children behind.  That’s the one thing I refuse to do.  “Get up Rain! Find your cell phone, Rain! Call for help, Rain!  No matter what this Bastard can’t win!  He will NOT beat me! I don’t care how much he wants me dead and away from Logan, I will not let him dictate my life and my loved ones!” 
Slowly, I climb to my knees and spot my cell phone.  I crawl over to it and dial 9-1-1.  “9-1-1 Operator how can I help you?” Silence. “Hello I can’t hear you.  You’re going to have to speak up for me to help you.”  Again silence.  I made it to the phone and was able to dial it but the amount of blood I was losing pumping from my heart was too much.  I black out.
Luckily for me 9-1-1 has a trace locator on all calls that are placed.  Now the question lingers as to whether they’ll reach me fast enough. Pray they do reach me in time for my son and daughter’s sake.

CHAPTER 1
Everything Ends Where it Begins

4 Weeks Prior
In the heart of Atlanta there is one of the biggest Software design companies in the country called Stiltner Software Design.  It makes and distributes software in every aspect of the online world, from Military Security programs to educational games for children.  I work in the Military Security Design Program Division.  Here everything looks like one big rat race.  Hundreds of cubicles crammed together with everyone working so hard in an attempt to outdo the next person.  That’s definitely a rat race I’m not going to be a part of any longer than I have to be.
I’m 26 years old and all I do is secretarial work when I know how to do these morons jobs better than they do.  God forgive me if I ever made them think that or suggested that because I can’t afford to lose this job. Rory and Jesse are depending on me to take care of them and boy it’s just the easiest thing in the world being a single mother.  NOT!  All I know is 2 more years and my degree will be finished. Then I no longer have to be this kiss ass secretary that has to correct the simplest of mistakes for these overly educated idiots. Yeah...overly educated. Laugh out loud because that is actually a hilarious concept.  Apparently, as soon as they graduated and got those degrees they forgot all about their education.
I have a 2 year old and a 4 year old.  When I finish my degree who am I going to get to watch my kids while I’m at work? It’s not secretary work on a 9 to 5 schedule.  Crap! There’s another problem I need to fix before it actually happens.  A profiler for the Department of Defense doesn’t exactly run on the most of normal hours.
I glance at the clock only to realize that it’s already 1 A.M. and I’ll have to be back to work soon.  I had put the kids to bed a few hours ago and started on my homework feeling like my life is one big repetitive cycle that I can’t seem to get off of anymore.  Kids, work, home, kids, school, bed and repeat.  I was sitting and looking at my computer screen for so long I had lost track of time.  Here it was 1 a.m. and I still had yet to finish my assignment before bed.  I was completely stuck.  How could I write a paper for Sociology about human interactions and the way their behavior changes when they fall in love if it’s something I don’t know myself?
*Ring, Ring* Shit now who is it, it’s after midnight?  “Hello”, “Hey Chris. Yes I know what time it is. Do you?  Well don’t you think it’s kind of rude for you to be calling me at almost 1 a.m. when you know I have to get up for work tomorrow and I’m in the middle of finishing my assignments tonight?  I know you didn’t think about that and it’s not a problem this time but…”. 
“Rain, I know you’ve been dodging me but the fact of the matter is, you don’t go out with anyone.  Maybe you think you’re too good for everyone, I don’t really know for sure but what I do know is you’re not getting any younger, you don’t have a degree, you’re nothing more than a meager secretary and you should be more than happy I’m even offering to take on the responsibilities that come with dating you.  Most men wouldn’t accept a woman that has two kids with no father.  Are you going to go out with me or not?”
“No Chris, I haven’t changed my mind.  I’m still not interested in going on any dates with you or anyone else for that matter. Please don’t take it personally but I have 2 children and school to worry about on top of work and I just don’t have time for men right now.  Yes, I know perfectly well how old I am.  Thanks so much for reminding me.  I understand I’m not getting any younger and I should be very grateful to any man that would be willing to take on a woman that has 2 children, but right now that’s just not my concern.  I can take care of my kids by myself just like I’ve been doing since the day they’ve been born.”
“So, basically what you’re saying is you don’t think I’m good enough for you.”
“OK, you can think what you want, that’s fine.”
“You do understand that this is my final offer for you and then I’m going to stop being nice to you and giving you the opportunity to have a man that has a good job and is willing to accept your brats and provide for them and instead I’ll move on to someone with less baggage, that’s also better looking.”
“Yes, Chris, I accept that this is your final offer before you move on.  Thanks for calling me and giving me the opportunity.  Just for the record though, if you ever refer to my children as brats or baggage again you will be eating all of your food through a straw from now on.”  
CLICK! What an IDIOT!!!  Like I’m supposed to be grateful that some middle management loser is trying to goad me into going out with him because he thinks I have a lack of options.
“Mommy, what’s wrong?” 
“Nothing baby just a wrong number, what’s wrong?  Why are you up this late?” 
“I’m thirsty”, says Rory. 
I just love the way you hear a 2 year old say they’re thirsty.  After giving Rory a drink and putting her back to bed I went back to finish my assignments and finish cramming for this Interview with this guy, Logan Something or other that has some bits and pieces in our company and I have no idea what they are although I handle almost all of the company’s finances and assets.  I have to say, this irritates me a little more than I care to admit. Logan Winters, that’s what his name is.  What the hell does he have to do with our company and why the hell are they sending me instead of some other big shot that’s supposed to be in charge.  I don’t like it, but then again what can I do besides bite my lip and do as I’m told.  Who loves to take it up the ass when management says?  Apparently, this girl.
		.	.	.	.	.	.
OK, its 9:30 a.m. and this jackass was supposed to be here a half an hour ago and he still hasn’t showed up yet.  If he’s not here in 5 minutes I’m out the door and the damn bosses can do their own damned meeting. Tick. Tock. Tick. Tock. Still nothing ten minutes later.  THAT’S IT! I’ve had enough of this bullshit of keeping the secretary waiting because she’s a nobody.  I’m Outta here!! 
“OH, FUCK ME!!!” That big ass door just flew open to damn near catch me in the face as I flip backwards rolling across the table.  As I look up I see a sexy man gaping at me in surprise as I smooth my dress back down.  Holy Hell, this is one sexy man, and his arms look strong when they’re reaching out as if in an attempt to try to catch me.  Oh my God I can smell his cologne and it smells so good.  What the hell is this man wearing?  Not to mention his face.  He isn’t the typical version of sexy you’d see in most men with an arrogance I’d love to smack out of them, but more of a shy unknowing version of sexy.  Almost shy like.  Wait, I have got to get away from this man.  The last time I was this weak to a man it got me two kids, and left on my ass to fend for us all and no clue as to how to deal with it since I wasn’t enlisted anymore.
“You can stop staring at me now, whoever you are.”
“My apologies, my name is Logan Winters and I’m your 9 a.m. appointment.”
“Well, that’s all well and good for you, Mr. Winters, but as you can tell it’s currently 9:45 a.m. and to say that I am a less than patient person is putting it mildly.  Now I’ve waited this long out of respect to yourself and whatever connections you have to my job, but now I have a job to get back to.”  
All the while, I make sure I’m making my way, slowly, further from this man because just the smell of him, the sight of him, is making me weak at the knees.  I can’t afford this.  I have too many people depending on me to stay focused and not let my emotions cause any problems.
The further away from this man I moved the closer he moved towards me. He seemed to be closing the distance faster than I could get away from him.  What the hell does this man want from me?
“Mr. Winters, what exactly is it that you want from my company?’
“I don’t want anything from your company Ms. Harvey, what I want is from you.”
“I don’t understand Mr. Winters, you called for this meeting.  You were forty-five minutes late, then you tell me that you don’t want anything from my company, but something from me?  What can I possibly do for you?”
“It’s very simple Ms. Harvey.  I only hire the best and have had many investigators checking into all of my personnel and the personal and professional lives of probable candidates.  To say that your name has come across my desk more than once is a vast understatement.”
“Mr. Winters, I still don’t understand what it is you want from me seeing as how I already have a job.”
“Ms. Harvey, I understand you have a job at the moment but that is also contingent upon how this conversation goes.  I’m going to be frank with you, I get what I want, and right now I want you.  Personally and professionally.”
“EXCUSE ME?!?”
“I don’t know what part of that statement was unclear.”
“Well, let me see? First of all, my job is threatened if I don’t agree to come work for you, and to be frank, I don’t like to be bullied. Secondly, WHAT THE HELL DO YOU MEAN YOU WANT ME ON A PERSONAL LEVEL!?!’’
“Please lower your voice Ms. Harvey as there are other employees working here.”
“GOOD! Maybe then they’ll see what a controlling prick you are”
At that point Mr. Winters burst into a fit of laughter.  Once he finally stopped laughing he finally spoke.  
“You see Ms. Harvey this is exactly why I want you here.  You’re fiery and hold nothing back.  You’ve been through a lot in your life and you don’t take any shit from anyone.  I respect that, and that’s exactly the kind of person I’m looking for.  Someone that can take shit from other people and not be intimidated and give it right back without hesitation.  From what I’ve seen from you over the last three years you don’t date, you are very professional but very blunt all the while maintaining your professional courtesy.  Once you’re done you go home to take care of your kids and study to earn your degree.  You’ve been a single mother for the past 3 years almost, seeing as how your ex left you before you even found out you were pregnant with your second child, but instead of letting it destroy you, you ran with it to make yourself better so you can be a better mother.  Does that pretty much sum it up? Oh wait, I forgot, you have a Chris Ingle from Middle Management at your company that’s been hounding you for a date and you keep refusing.  What was his latest argument? Oh yes.  You’re not getting any younger and you should be grateful any man would consider you with the baggage of 2 kids and an unfinished degree.  Is that right?”
After about 10 seconds of remembering how to close my mouth my cheeks flamed red, I stalked up to Mr. Winters while watching him back away as quickly as I stalked toward him and as I leaned into him I quietly said, 
“You forgot my bank information, rent, annual salary and children’s names if you’re going to go that in depth on my information. And what the hell are you doing, tapping my phone or something because that conversation just happened last night.  However, since were sizing each other up here or dick measuring if that’s more of a preferable term for you then let me give it a try.  You’re single and have been for at least the past 6 years.  You grew up poor because your parents didn’t want you to know money since they were too selfish.  You, Mr. Winters definitely over compensate with everything including your office, staff and attempts at relationships but are failing miserably this time.  You can take your disaster of a giant messy office and shove it up your ass along with your black marble desk and leather furniture.”
As I started walking away, Mr. Winters flipped open a folder and started rattling off some information.  
“Currently you have less than $200.00 in the bank, pay $675.00 in rent for a shit hole apartment that doesn’t quite accommodate your family, annual salary of $22,000.00, and children’s names are Rory Harvey D-O-B 7-26-10 and Jesse Harvey D-O-B 4-6-08.  The really sad thing about this is you have truly gifted children Ms. Harvey that deserve to be in a school for gifted preschoolers, yet that’s something you can’t afford.  I thought all you wanted was the best for your children, Ms. Harvey?”
This made me see red! I turned on my heel and marched over to Mr. Winters and gave him the best right hook I could manage.  After seeing him fly through the air and bounce off the bookshelf, then the chair, I felt satisfied.  He stood up and dug out a handkerchief from his lapel and wiped his nose and mouth and started to speak, but before he had a chance to I cut him off.
“Mr. Winters, I have now and always want the best for my children and would have and will do whatever it takes to give them the best I possibly can.  I may not be able to give them much now, but they have what they need.  I will do anything and everything it takes to give them the life I messed up for myself.  I don’t want them to struggle like I’ve had to.  If that means that I have to work all day, spend my evenings with them and then spend my nights finishing my degree then that’s exactly what I’m going to do, but I will not sit here and listen to some Bastard saying he thought I wanted what was best for my children when I’m doing the best that I can right now which is obviously something you’ve never had to do a day in Your life. Now, if you’ll excuse me I have a job to get back to, and children to support.”
My heart was thrumming a hundred miles an hour, my fist hurt and to top it all off I was attracted to this man and for the life of me, I couldn’t figure out why.  Sure he was good looking but so was a lot of guys that I’ve met and been asked out by.
Maybe it’s his piercing blue grey eyes. Eyes with blue around the outside and green around the pupil. His straight Roman nose, or perfect face with no blemishes like a model. He has the physique of an athlete, yet he took the hit fairly well, almost with a hint of amusement, which was irritating yet somehow attractive.  Before he started on his bullshit tirade about my failings as a mother all I wanted to do was undress him.  The most irritating part of everything is I have no idea why I feel this overwhelming sense of desire to be next to him.
As I was walking out of his office his security team was running in, I thought they’d stop me but they never did.  Once I made it out of the building I realized I never asked what job he wanted me to do for him, but then again why would I want to work for such an arrogant asshole?  I made my way to work and was there by 10:15.  I finally got settled into my office and got a call from my boss and was told I needed to be in his office by 11.  “OK Rick.”  I was wondering what the hell this has to be about.  Most likely because the meeting took so long and I didn’t get to work until after 10.  
So about 10:55 I decided it was time to go deal with the wrath of Rick.  Once I stepped in the office I stopped short.  Low and behold, there sat Mr. Winters, busted lip and all, across the desk from Rick.
Rick and Mr. Winters smile at me and Rick calmly says, “Rain, please have a seat here so we can begin our conversation.”  Nervously, I take my seat beside Mr. Winters and across from Rick, my boss.
As soon as Rick opened his mouth I couldn’t believe what I was hearing.  Rick started out with this: “Now Rain, it’s come to my attention here that Mr. Winters has offered you a promising position with his firm and instead of politely saying no, you’ve hit him.”
I sat there with my mouth agape for I’m not even sure how long because I couldn’t even believe what I was hearing or who I was hearing it from. Rick. The man that I’ve pretty much done his job for the past few years by myself, is now trying to ship me off to a different company and I was unsure why, not to mention the fact of the man and the company he’s trying to send me off to.
Mr. Winters finally looked at me and said, “Well what do you say Ms. Harvey?”
“What do I say? I say you’re insane! First of all, you never offered me a job, second of all, I told you I already have a job, and third of all, what makes you think I would want to work for an egotistical, maniacal, self-absorbed, pretentious, spoiled bastard?”
Rick says, “Rain! I think you need to be showing a lot more respect to the person who not only signs your checks but convinced us to hire you in the first place.”
“Excuse me! What the HELL do you mean convinced you to hire me? I have done my job as well as yours for the last 3 years without missing a beat and the entire time I have caused you to get more clients, yet you didn’t want to hire me to begin with? Well, FUCK YOU and your job and have fun trying to do it yourself and see how far you get without me!”
I stood up to walk out without hesitation or thought as to what I would do to provide for my kids, but got grabbed, not only by Rick but Mr. Winters as well.  This didn’t create too good of a reaction from me, because without thinking, Rick came over his desk and landed in Mr. Winters lap and Mr. Winters was in the middle of teetering in his chair to try to keep it on the two legs it was on, and try to get it back to four legs.
On my way out I was chased down and stopped by Mr. Winters. “Wait, Wait, Wait! Ms. Harvey, How did you do that?”  I spun on him and he withdrew 2 steps automatically.  First of all, I have 11 brothers, 6 sisters and I’m previous Military Police slash Special Forces.  Do you really want to keep grabbing me when I tell you to leave me alone?”
“OK, you’re right Ms. Harvey, you have a point.  I won’t grab you anymore without your permission.”
“Well that’s good to know seeing as how you’ll never get my permission.”
Mr. Winters smiles genuinely, “Are you sure, Ms. Harvey?”
“Mr. Winters, the day I ask you to touch me will be the day I sleep with you, and the odds of that happening isn’t even close to slim to none, it’s none!”
“Promises, promises, Ms. Harvey”
The look he gave me as he started to walk away both made me melt inside and yet infuriated me at the same time, yet I still can’t figure out why.  All of a sudden he stops and turns to hand me a business card. “Ms. Harvey, I’ll be expecting your phone call by the end of the week so we can discuss the plans for you to start working for my company, seeing as how you no longer have any other job and need to provide for your family.  I’ll have the job description couriered to you within the week.”
All I could do was sit there with the card in my hand, staring in the direction he walked away.  When I looked at the receptionist she was standing there gawking at Mr. Winters as he walked out the door.  Once he finally made his way out the door she turned to look at me with pure jealousy.
I looked at her and told her, “Don’t worry Kim, he’s not worth the effort.”  She replies with, “What are you talking about?  That man has been here so many times over the past 6 months asking for you and getting all kinds of information.  That man is nothing but interested in you in every way possible.  Are you sure you think you can resist him because he’s awfully gorgeous?”
“Sure, he’s gorgeous, and arrogant, and egotistical, and self-absorbed.”
“You do know who you’re talking about don’t you?”
“Not really, all I know is from what I seen of him this morning.  Why? Who is he?”
“Mr. Winters is one of the biggest philanthropists in the country, if not the world.  He owns multiple different companies that were left to him by his family, which technically, he didn’t want to begin with but decided to keep them going because they were family businesses.  He owns well over 500 different businesses in different aspects of all the business community and most of his income goes to the military and their spouses and other non-profit organizations.”
“Gee, thanks Kim.  That makes me feel so much better.”
I left with the card in my hand and the information that Kim gave me in my head, going home to see my babies and wondering what the hell I was going to do now that I just walked out on my job.  Am I going to have to call Logan and take him up on the job offer now?  God, I hope not!  I don’t think I could bare being around that man day in and day out.
That night I lay awake trying to sleep and couldn’t because I couldn’t get Logan out of my head.  He was the most arrogant man I’ve ever met, yet he still had an effect on me like no other man ever has. I wasn’t sure how long I lay there replaying he day’s events in my mind but at some point I fell asleep and reality turned into a dream.  
It was easy for me to know I was dreaming because I was back in Iraq with my squad and we were on our way into the heart of the city surrounded by insurgents and our mark’s personal bodyguards.  Well, this is going to be fun.  I signal for Cobra, Striker, and Hammer to go around back while Black Widow, Ghost and I go around through the front.  The Iraqi insurgents inside are supposed to have Intel as to how we can get into their boss’s place undetected.  This was info we needed and had to have now as we weren’t leaving until we got the big boss.  On the count of three we stormed into the shack to find it rigged with explosives and as soon as we were in we had to turn and head right back out before everything exploded in our faces.  The explosion went off and as we lay there face down in the dirt I was pissed.  
I yelled out “Everyone okay?” 
Everyone checked in unharmed but I was beyond pissed at this point.  As we were getting up we all met back where we started on the side of what used to be the building.  
“What the hell is going on Shadow?  I thought no one knew we were coming on this mission except the few higher ups that made the call.”  It was Cobra asking.  
“Cobra, I don’t have a fucking clue as to what happened and what went wrong but believe me when I say, I fully intend on finding out.  For right now I think it’s best we get to moving our asses out of here before the rest of the Iraqi force comes down on us and we have to do more damage than what we were sent to do.  Let’s move out!”  
We turned and started running back the way we came to meet up with rendezvous and brief them on what happened when another small explosion went off behind us.
I sat straight up in a cold sweat.  Holy fuck!  I haven’t had flash backs about that in years, much less felt like I was reliving it.  Obviously, this Logan Winters has more of an effect on me than I originally thought because he’s the only thing that’s been different in my routines up until now.  He has to be the trigger for this memory.  I don’t know why and I don’t care, all I know is something’s been going on lately that’s starting to stir the bee hive and I fully intend on finding out what the hell it is!
The rest of the night all I did was toss and turn.  I couldn’t fall back asleep.  I kept replaying the dream and my meeting with Logan over and over in my head trying to figure out what could have caused the sudden memory to appear out of nowhere when I haven’t thought about my past since I left.  
Daybreak was starting to peak through the curtains so I got up knowing the kids would be up soon. 
Thursday, the papers arrived from Mr. Winters describing the job position he had intended to hire me for, and the position requirements and benefits.  I nearly shit myself.






Chapter 2
Terms of My Contract

A note was included with the rest of the paperwork. As I took everything out the note caught my attention first and foremost. 
Dear Ms. Harvey:
Here are the papers I promised to send over.  Please look over them carefully and on Monday let me know if you have any changes you’d like to make to them.
Looking forward to seeing you on Monday,
Logan Winters.
I flipped to the next page, Job Requirements:
I.	Ms. Harvey is now the Vice-President in charge of operations of all companies owned by Mr. Winters, past, present, and future, and will stay such until Mr. Winters finds her work to be insufficient, or Ms. Harvey decides she is no longer interested in working for Mr. Winters.
II.	 While working for Mr. Winters, and if in the event of leaving the Company she must wait at least six months before accepting another VP position with any other company, especially a competitor.
III.	Ms. Harvey will oversee Research and Development, Human Resources, Marketing, Head Hunting, Business Contracts, Asset Purchasing, Business Separations,  Collaboration, Construction, Consulting, Distribution, Employment, Franchise, Indemnification, Joint Venture, Leasing, LLC,
Loans, Management, Manufacturing and Supply, Mergers and Acquisitions, Non-Competition, Offer Letters, Partnerships, Promissory Notes, Sales, Services, Severance, Shareholders, Stock Purchase or any other function deemed necessary by Mr. Winters.
IV.	All decisions for any financial aspects have to be approved by Ms. Harvey.
V.	Ms. Harvey will be required to carry a work PDA and any other office equipment deemed necessary by Mr. Winters.
VI.	Ms. Harvey will oversee all Human Resources decisions and can revoke any and all decisions made by anyone in the company excluding that of Mr. Winters himself.
VII.	Ms. Harvey will dictate the amount of funding that goes to each charity including Military personnel or their families.
VIII.	Daycare will be provided on site, free of charge, in the building, as is for every other employee.
IX.	All employees’ children are subject to receive scholarships to any school of the employee’s choice as long as the child seems fit for the school and it is approved by Ms. Harvey. (You’re children have already been accepted into the school for extremely gifted toddlers starting Monday morning. Tuition for this school comes out of the Company’s funds.  A car service will be around to pick them up for school, as well as you for work daily, as approved by me. They then, will be transported to the onsite daycare facility as to be close to you so you can see them as much as you would like. Also a full time Nanny/tutor/pediatrician is going to be moving into your new house with you, this weekend so you have 24 hour help with the children, so all responsibilities, professional and private, can be taken care of without any interruption or hesitation, and without worry for a suitable caregiver.)

Benefits:
I.	As stated above your Children’s tuition is on the company, as they have already been accepted into the School for gifted preschoolers.
II.	You will have a car service take you around from this day forward, to make sure yourself and your family get to where they need to be swiftly and safely, as this job has the possibility of coming with some dangers.
III.	From here on out, you and Your Children will each have their own personal bodyguard provided by the Company, which will consist of 24 hour surveillance.
IV.	You will have movers at your apartment on Saturday morning to move you and your family to a better place and a more secure location, compliments of the Company.
V.	Each year you will receive 1 months paid vacation starting the day this contract is signed to be taken at your discretion.
VI.	All equipment needed for Company use will be provided by the company and expected to be used.
VII.	Your degree will be paid for by the Company as well as all your student loans repaid as long as you are working with Mr. Winters.
VIII.	You will be provided with multiple Credit Cards that are enclosed in this envelope and just need to be activated. All are for business use and expenditures except the three kept separate which are for personal use while you are working with the Company.  Keep in mind none of these cards have credit limits.  Seeing as how you’ve managed your finances in the past I have no worries this is a benefit that will not be taken advantage of.  However, I do expect you to make a certain amount of purchases on each card each month to keep them active.
IX.	My Company has its own Salon/Spa for employees, free of use, as well as an onsite Gym, both of which are on the 25th floor, and pass keys are enclosed in the envelope, as well as your new Employee Id which you will need to get into the building and onto the elevators each day.
X.	Your office is on the top floor, floor 62, adjacent to my office with only a meeting room and a receptionist.  You must have a password to put into the elevator to get to this floor as well as your name badge.
XI.	All Furniture will be picked out and arranged for you before Monday when you arrive, however, anything that is unwanted will be returned and the office will be set to your requirements.
XII.	The Entire building is equipped with a video surveillance system, so you can look in on the Daycare facility through your office computer at any time as well as check in on any employee or part of the company.
XIII.	My buildings are set with only the best security detail there is available.  You have the authority to use this security for whatever you deem fit.
XIV.	Starting Salary for this Position is $480,000.00 anually.
XV.	You will be provided with full Health, Dental, and Vision insurance for yourself and your family at a low premium and a 401k that has a minimum of $250,000.00 deposited into it as a bonus for new employees of your stature.

Printed Name of Potential Employee 					Date

Signature and Date of Potential Employee			Date

Signature of Mr. Logan Winters  					Date

***PLEASE BE AWARE THAT THIS IS A LEGAL AND BINDING CONTRACT BETWEEN AN INDIVIDUAL AND A COMPANY AND IF BROKEN IS PUNISHABLE BY LAW TO THE FULLEST EXTENT***






CHAPTER 3
A Conversation with the Devil

I sat there completely dumbfounded after reading the contract.  This man has to be completely and utterly insane.  This contract has got to be a hoax! There’s no way someone’s going to take a simple secretary that hasn’t even finished their degree and put them into a position like this, much less with this many responsibilities and benefits.
Where the hell did I put that damn card he gave me? Shit, how’d I lose it knowing he was going to be sending me this paperwork and I was going to need to get a hold of him. WHAT THE HELL! Shit I’m so anally organized when it comes to anything to do with business and school, and yet I lose a simple business card that I just got handed 2 days ago. That’s bullshit. There’s no way I could have lost it. I emptied my purse on my bed, then my briefcase and still nothing. So I went back to putting everything back and organizing it in my purse and briefcase. Damn! 
I finished dumping out the contents of the envelope that was sent over, and to my disbelief, although I’m still not sure why it’s disbelief because this man has come through on everything He’s said, so far anyway, there lay 7 Credit cards, four for business purposes and three for personal use. To be honest, I didn’t like the fact that this man that I’d just met was already controlling my life in so many ways, and in so little time.  Also included in the Envelope was a top of the line Laptop that I have never even heard of yet being out in the States, and with my government connections that was hard to believe, a Smart Phone that is also top of the line, an Ipad, my new ID badge for work, a piece of paper with 5 codes written on it, and keys.
Well that’s odd.  The rest I get are for business purposes, I think, but what the hell are the keys for?
I decided enough with the mystery, so I picked up the phone and just as I suspected it was already programmed with many different numbers, but most importantly, Mr. Winters’ home, fax, and cell number.  Without thinking twice, before I had a chance to change my mind, I dialed Mr. Winters’ cell number.
*Ring*Ring*Ring* Finally after what seemed like forever, and in the middle of my inner battle between telling this man off, asking if he was insane, or wanting to jump him. He finally answered a groggy hello.  “Hello, this is Logan Winters, Is there a problem at any of the Companies?” 
“Hello?”
I finally got up my courage to answer.  Shit my black ops missions were easier than this. “Yes, Mr. Winters, I believe we do have a lot of problems.”
Immediately his voice cleared up and he sounded almost happier, of course that could have just been the inner woman in me wanting that to be true, since for some reason, even over the phone just hearing his voice caused that pulling in my lower belly unlike anything I’ve ever experienced before, even with my children’s father.  That has to make me a bad person.  What the hell am I thinking?  What the hell am I doing? Shit! Well I have him on the phone now so there’s no backing out now. So, I put as much steel in my spine as I could and tried to complete this conversation with as little complications as possible.
“Ah, Ms. Harvey, I have been expecting your phone call, although, I didn’t expect it to be this late.  I take it you waited to open the package until you absolutely had to because you were dreading what was inside, am I right?”
What the fuck? Does this man have a camera in my house?
“Actually Mr. Winters, I have many issues with your contract, things that I don’t believe can wait until Monday, and need to be addressed now.”
“Such as?”  
God, just the arrogant way he says things, with that hint of amusement in his voice, annoys and attracts me even more, and I really don’t know why.
“Well, for instance, I have movers coming the day after tomorrow to move myself and my family to a place that I have no clue as to where yet, a live in Nanny and Bodyguards, a car service, You paying for my education debts and my children’s education, Their daycare, a spa and gym, as well as this new place, the high pay and benefits and personal and professional credit cards for starters.  What the fuck are you trying to do, buy me? What are you thinking? Do you think this is somehow going to get me to sleep with you or something because if that’s what you think, you’re sorely mistaken and the small hit you took today will be nothing compared to what I’ll do to you the next time I see you.”
Again he is dying laughing at me. This enrages me even further.
“Look Logan, You’re not the only one with connections, there’s quite a bit I know about you, some of which, I’m sure, you don’t want aired, now stop fucking with me and tell me what the hell it is you really want!”
That seemed to get his attention.  “Now Rain, there’s no need to make threats because I’m sure when it comes to certain things were equally matched.  To be honest, I’m not insane, no, I just know what I want and I want you. To be clear, I know you’re the best, whether you have a degree or not, and as I said, you have the backbone to get the things done that I want.  
“I want my company ran a certain way and I believe you can help me do that.  I take care of my employees, especially the most valuable ones, and that’s what I’m doing now.  It’s part of the job requirements so you may as well get used to it. As far as trying to buy you off, or sleep with you, no.  I may be a self-absorbed egotistical prick, or whatever it was you called me earlier, but I am not a pimp and don’t treat anyone as if their my property, and if that’s the impression I gave you I apologize.  I know I come off strongly, but as I said, I get what I want and what I want is you, at my company, Monday morning so we can get started. 
“Enclosed, you found the credit cards, your ID badge, the floor your office is on, the laptop, phone and Ipad are for work, as I’m sure you figured out, so bring them with you on Monday. The paper with the 5 codes on it are as follows: #1. Is to get you into the building after hours if need be.  #2. Is to access the elevator to get to your office.  #3. Is the combination for the safe in your office which I fully expect you to change when you get there. The safe is big enough to hold your weapons you carry and any other important information you want in there assuming you carry weapons.  #4. Is the combination to unlock your office door, which again, I expect you to change because I know how you are about your privacy.  And the fifth is for the alarm system at your new place; again, feel free to change that once you get there.  
Don’t worry about packing or unpacking, the movers will do all that.  The car service will be there to pick you and the kids up at 9 A.M. sharp to take you out for a day on the town since it’s been a long time since you’ve done that.  Get the kids new school clothes and whatever else they want, and get yourself new work clothes and whatever else you’ll need or want.  There’s a designer coming to your new place on Sunday to help you pick out new furniture and such. You will meet your new Nanny and bodyguards Saturday when you’re all picked up.  The keys I’m sure you’re still holding and looking at with that cute confused look on your face, go to your new place.  Enjoy, and I’ll see you on Monday, unless you need anything sooner, call me on this number.  You’re one of the few people that have my direct number so please feel free to call anytime with anything.  And oh, by the way, I am curious, how did your military past not come up on any of my searches, when I have the best in the world? How can someone with your skill set get past all the red flags, and not have anything like that come up?”
“You may have the best in the world but I AM the best in the world in what I do.  Those sorts of things stay off grid, to where no one can access those files, not even a spoiled brat like you, Logan, so do yourself a favor and drop that subject before someone drops it for you.”
“Yes Boss!  Funny, I’m your boss and you’d think it was the other way around.  I don’t know, I think I like it though.  It kind of turns me on to have someone that isn’t intimidated by me, and speaks their mind even if it can be detrimental to their career.”
“First of all, please don’t disgust me, you’re not my type. Secondly, there’s nothing you can do to my career that I couldn’t do worse to yours, Mr. Winters, so if you want to make idle threats and compare the size of our balls, why not start right now, because I’m sure it’s a battle you will lose!”	
“WOW! That was blunt. I’m not sure if you’re serious or just dishing it back out, but I’ll leave it alone, for now.  As far as me disgusting you goes, let’s not play games with each other.  You’re just as attracted to me as I am you.  The only difference is, I don’t hide it. Goodnight, Rain.  Oh, and call me Logan from now on, after all, we are going to be working together, very intimately, for quite some time.” *CLICK*
I stood there holding the phone in one hand and the keys in the other for minutes not sure what to do or say.  How can this man just breeze into my life and take control?  This isn’t me.  I’m not this person that lets someone control her like this.  What the hell is going on with me?  Why does this man affect me so much? How the hell does he know I’m attracted to him?  I’m pretty sure I hid that pretty well when I sent him over his desk and sent Rick into his lap.  DAMN! DAMN! DAMN!  I’ve apparently been out of practice with dealing with normal men seeing as how all that I’ve been dealing with lately are immature little boys that think with their dicks.  I guess I’ll have to work harder on hiding that.

























CHAPTER 4
My Weekend

Wow, it’s a Friday and I get to spend the day with the kids.  This hasn’t happened in so long that I can’t even remember when.  The kids are so excited.  Rory and Jesse want Chocolate chip pancakes and orange juice.  OK. That sounds like something I can handle.  After breakfast I took them to the park where I swear if I only had half their energy I could be superwoman.  Oh wait, according to the Government I am superwoman.  After the park we came home and had lunch.  I have never seen two kids more excited that they didn’t have to go to daycare, and instead, they got to stay home with Mommy.  I explained to them that we were going to move to a bigger and better house tomorrow so they had more room to play, and they absolutely loved that idea.  The jumping up and down and excited yells almost broke my heart.  How could I say no to a job that can give my kids everything I’ve wanted to give them for so long?  And if I have to work with this man until I finish my degree in two years to make sure they stay happy and healthy then why am I even second guessing this?  Oh yeah, because this man has a pull on me that no man ever has.  If this is what it will take to make my kids happy, I’m going to take full advantage of every opportunity I can to do just that, and give them what they deserve, even if it means I’ll be uncomfortable.
	.	.	.	.	.	.	.	.	.	.	.	.
Promptly at 9 A.M. the car service was in front of the apartment as well as the movers.  I opened the door to find three huge bulking men, nothing I couldn’t handle if I wanted to, which makes me wonder if they knew that, and a woman in her mid to late 40’s.  She has a sincere smile and amazingly the kids take right to the bodyguards and the nanny. My bodyguard, the smaller of the three and I’m assuming because I can take care of myself as well, is named Justin.  Jesse’s bodyguard, a big burly man that looks like he may be a body builder is pretty much a kid at heart and takes to Jesse right away, but he is also very receptive and cautious scanning the streets every three seconds or so, which I appreciate and believe he is good at his job.  His name is Ben. Rory’s bodyguard is completely different.  Andrew, the biggest of all, is obviously prior military, as are the other two, and a father himself.  No man can look at a little girl that way and instantly be willing to give their life for them if they don’t have children of their own.  Immediately, I like Logan’s choice in bodyguards which I try not to let bother me too much.
The Nanny I was still assessing.  Her name is Becky, she holds degrees is early childhood education and as a pediatrician but for some reason has elected to be my nanny?  It doesn’t make sense to me, and I plan on getting to the bottom of things, but right now, I plan on spending money that’s not mine, spoiling the hell out of my kids like they’ve never been able to be spoiled before, and then finally ending the day with seeing our new place.  I’ll worry about the nanny and decorator tomorrow.
Our driver is also a woman, Cera.  She’s a small woman with short brown hair and looks like a kid, definitely not old enough to be working for a company like Logan’s, especially as our chauffer.  There’s something about her eyes though that catch my attention.  She smiles and introduces herself to me and the kids, but even the kids look at me and shake their heads.  Instead, they go back to their bodyguards.  I shake her hand and introduce myself and give her a printed schedule of what our week will be like every day: Pick-up’s, Drop-off’s etc…  She looks at it and files it away into a folder she has lodged between her seat and the center console, then, turns back to me.  There’s something about her that’s not right.  I’ve been to countries all over the world and faced all kinds of enemies, and this feeling is something I’m familiar with.  There’s something wrong with Miss Cera, and I fully intend to find out what.  
To my advantage, Logan hasn’t mentioned my past military career, so no one knows what I’m capable of, or the fact that I always carry and am an expert shot.  Miss Cera has made my watch list in the 15 seconds I’ve known her.  Not good for her, but I fully intend to find out what it is that’s irking me.  Again, that’s a matter for later.  My kids deserve my full, undivided attention and everything they’re about to get spoiled with.
We spent the day going from store to store; I’m sure looking awkward with 3 burly men and a petite woman tagging along.  The kids got so many new clothes and toys you’d swear it was Christmas.  I bought lots of new business suits, shoes and handbags for work, as well as a new briefcase and a dress that can’t exactly be used for work but it caught my attention and I couldn’t pass it up.  Hell, it’s not my money.  
After 6 hours I finally convinced the bodyguards and nanny to refer to me as Rain and not Ms. Harvey.  After all, we’re going to be working with each other very closely for a while.  I even got them to open up about their pasts over lunch. Justin, Ben, and Andrew are all three previous Devil Dogs (Marines) and Navy Seals.  
Andrew got out for his family, which unfortunately didn’t go so well for him, because 2 weeks after being discharged his wife and children were the victims of a home invasion when he was at the market for his wife.  All were killed instantly except his 3 year old daughter, which hung on in intensive care for 3 weeks before passing.  The assailants were never caught.  So, since he couldn’t protect his own family he vowed to protect others, and seeing as how he’s very good at what he does, and Logan pays well, he now has my Rory girl to protect.  Honestly, it explains that look he has when he looks at her, and makes me feel better because I can tell he’d do anything to protect her.
Ben, on the other hand, got out strictly for the money.  Logan approached him when he was nearing the end of his contract and offered him a position as a bodyguard.  Ben has two little boys, 7 and 4, so it’s easy to see why the money was alluring, and less danger in a sense, not to mention he gets to spend more time closer to home, seeing his kids and spending time with one the same age as his own.  Again, this information makes me feel more comfortable about him for protecting Jesse, because I know he’ll protect him like his own.
Justin is a completely different story.  He has 2 kids with his ex, that she refuses to let him see, and he won’t fight her because no matter what, he still loves her and wants her to stay happy.  She’s currently trying to get him to sign off on his kids.  To be honest, he’s kind of her doormat, and his family’s, from what he tells me and I see.  He also took the job for the money because the ex is money hungry, and he gives in and gives her practically everything he makes, instead of only what he’s supposed to pay.  He doesn’t seem as dedicated to his job which would normally concern me, but the fact that I can handle myself in any situation lessens that concern.  I’m sure whatever he’s lacking, I can more than make up for.  Hell, after being a spy, posing as a prisoner of war four different times, 18 black ops missions, desert missions with little, to no ammo and water and my regular military police patrols, anything I encounter here should be a walk in the park right?  My senses have always gotten me through, so far, so all I can do is keep trusting them.
Becky, is in her early 40’s, and was married once to a man that beat her and didn’t want her so much as out of the house, much less to finish her degree.  He beat and raped her daily, which she tolerated because she thought that she had no other options, and was ashamed to tell anyone.  Finally after her 9th miscarriage, she left him.  As soon as he’d find out she was pregnant he’d beat her so bad she’d lose the baby, and no matter how hard she tried to hide it, he always found out.  After that, she finished her 2 degrees and started working with kids, because she had always wanted them and eventually met another man.  She fell in love with him instantly and thought he was the one.  After being with him for a year and a half she found out he was also with someone else he was engaged too.  It was an accident she ran into him that night with his fiancée, but Jason couldn’t stop her from running.  She almost married this man and wondered how she was so stupid that she didn’t see the signs he was with someone else, much less engaged to someone else as well.  So, instead of concentrating on the bad she put all her energies into working with kids.  She was a pediatrician in the ER at night and a kindergarten teacher by day until Logan convinced her to come be my private nanny.
After lunch I treated all 4 of them to a new outfit and Becky and I to Bath & Body Works.  They were all very skittish at first because they thought Logan wouldn’t appreciate it, but I explained that now all personnel go through me, that seemed to break the ice some.  We even picked out some stuff for all of their kids.  I immediately bonded with the bodyguards and the nanny, but there’s still something about Cera that’s bothering me.  I’ve kept an eye on her throughout the entire day, because there’s something about her I don’t trust, and until I find out what that is I refuse to take my eyes off her.
By 8 P.M. the kids and I were completely worn out and had just finished dinner.  We were on our way to go see our new place when our last ounce of energy sprang to life.  We were in an area of town I’ve never been in and frankly it was easy to see why.  There was no way I would ever be able to afford anything even remotely close to this area.  After about another 10 minutes Cera pulled into the driveway of a 2 story brick Victorian house.  I was stunned.  We were quickly ushered out and into the house.  On the way in, I noticed there was a gate in the front of the driveway that has to have a combination to get in, which I will know soon, and will be changed.  I opened the door to the house and the kids took off up the stairs, along with their bodyguard right behind them.  I followed them up slowly.  
Once reaching the landing, I looked to my left and there were 3 humongous rooms. One was set up for Jesse, which he was already jumping on the bed in and playing in, while Ben stood in the doorway smiling and watching him.  The room next to Jesse’s was Ben’s I learnt quickly, and the other room next to that was Jesse’s T.V./Playroom.  At the top of the landing is a bathroom that was set up like something you’d find in a master suite, only bigger and better.  It had 4 sinks, 4 separate stalls for toilets, 2 separate showers and 1 tub.  To say I was more than impressed already was an understatement.  Then to the right was the same setup only it was Rory’s princess room, Andrew’s beside that, and finally Rory’s T.V./Playroom on the other side.
At the bottom of the stairs was the front door directly in front of me, which was the most eloquent door I’ve ever seen. To the right of that was Becky’s room.  It was a nice size suite.  Almost as big as my old apartment, but I learnt that it also included her own bathroom, a walk-in closet and a separate room attached to it which is a classroom so she can tutor the kids.  I really liked that idea.
The living room, family room, den, and kitchen were huge, as was another bathroom downstairs.  Then we came to the master suite.  It was enormous.  I couldn’t believe this was my house, and it is actually my house, no one can take it from me, because on the dresser as I walked in the door I noticed a piece of paper.  It was the deed to the house, in my name.  I own this.  Oh my god. There are enormous walk-in closets on 2 sides of a small hallway that leads to the master bath, which is amazing.  A ceiling to floor length, wall to wall mirror on one wall, dual sinks on another, a walk in shower that could easily hold 8 people, and a tub that I could swim in. Wow! When this man wants to impress he sure does it in a big way.  I approach another door only to find I have an office in my room.  The office is the size of my apartment at home.  Now, I see why Logan is sending a decorator; because I’m definitely going to need furniture to fill this place.  Although, he already has the home office taken care of.  There’s a note on the desk: 
Rain, 
I hope you like the new place and all the employees.  Remember, You’re in charge!  My decorator will be there tomorrow so get whatever you need to fill the house.  DON’T WORRY ABOUT THE COSTS LIKE I KNOW YOU’RE DOING NOW!!! Just enjoy it.  After all you’ve been through in your life so far, this is the least you deserve.  I’ll see you in a couple days.
Sincerely,
Logan
I put the note down and wondered how this man knew me so well already when he just met me. Oh well, to hell with it.  It’s been a long day so I go to empty out all the bags from the car and suddenly it hits me, where in the hell is Justin’s room? I turned to ask him but he was already coming out the door to help with the packages.  After we finished I sent Cera home and immediately changed the combination to the gate with specific instructions that she is not to receive the combination, but to be buzzed in when necessary.  Although the guys didn’t quite understand, I think they were starting to catch on that I wasn’t the normal client to guard.
I went up to put the kids to bed but Ben and Andrew were already doing just that.  I liked that, but then I didn’t.  I’m so used to doing everything on my own; I don’t know how I feel about other people doing my job.  I simply smiled, thanked them, kissed the kids goodnight and went downstairs.
Once downstairs I had my question answered as to where Justin’s room was.  There was another door in my room I didn’t see at first, and that is where his room is, attached to mine.  I’m really not sure how I feel about that, but I guess I’ll take things one day at a time and see how things go before I start making decisions and changing things or people.  Although, Cera is still on the top of that list to be replaced.
.	.	.	.	.	.	.	.	.	.	.	.
Sunday.  Promptly at 11 A.M. the buzzer for the front gate sounds and it’s the new decorator.  After letting him in, I find he’s a very pleasant man, but definitely in the closet.  It really is a shame that he feels he has to hide who he really is.  With one gay brother I can spot a homosexual a mile away.  I love being around them though.  They’re always so cheery and happy.  They definitely don’t fit the stereotypes everyone labels them with, but then again most people don’t.  After spending 5 hours with Michael, we finally got everything situated and picked out, and after seeing the price tag for it all, I was so glad I wasn’t paying for anything.  Then again, I can afford these things now.  Hmmm….I wonder whether I will be paid weekly or salary, and what that is and how frequently.  That’s definitely something I’ll have to talk to Logan about tomorrow.  
And there it is, that strange pull at the pit of my stomach that’s starting to get deeper, when I don’t even know the man, and have no idea why the hell I feel this at the mere thought of him.  I wonder how well this working situation is going to go.
About 6 P.M. the buzzer for the front gate goes off again, and it’s Cera.  I buzzed her in and met her at the front door.  I wonder what the hell she wants right now.  When she parks in front of the door I notice there’s three other people in the car with her, and immediately all my senses are on edge.  What can possibly be going on so soon and why wasn’t I informed she’d even be coming, much less bringing more people with her I don’t know?  She stepped out of the SUV with a confidence that made me want to beat out of her for some reason.  I don’t know what it is about her that’s sparking this aggression, but obviously something’s wrong.  
After what seemed like an eternity, but was only a matter of a few milliseconds, the other three passengers step out.  
An older gentleman, in his fifties possibly, definitely ex-military but gentle.  He doesn’t spark any red flags. The next is a woman in her late sixties, kind of chubby with those big, rolling pin arms that tell you she’s a grandma and a cook.  No red flags seem to spark for her either on my radar.  The last is a young girl that looks like she may be about twenty tops.  She’s small and shy, but definitely much more alert than the typical person.  Again, no red flags go up on my radar.  
I make these assessments so quickly in my head that I don’t think anyone noticed my hesitation, but then again, no one here knows my past, so they wouldn’t be expecting it.  The only blip I have on my radar so far is Cera who is currently icing me down with her looks before she notices I’m still keeping track of her out of the corner of my eye.  Finally, once she realizes she’s been noticed she makes the announcement of why she’s here and who the people she brought are.
“Ms. Harvey, This is your new Butler, Gary. He is a former Army Ranger and retired close quarters combatives instructor.  He’ll be your butler and your children’s self-defense teacher, as well as yours.  This is Hazel; she’s your cook, a grandmother of 12 and widower.  Finally, this is Katie.  She’s your housekeeper.  She’s 20 and currently trying to finish her degree.”
I saw Hazel wince at the mention of being a widower, something Cera was oblivious to apparently.  Katie seems intimidated by Cera in a way, but then again, she seems like she also has the same pent up aggression I have for her.  Gary seems like he could care less and is only in this for the money, but still dedicated to doing his job to the best of his ability, something a Warrior doesn’t forget easily.
“Thank you Cera, I’ll see you at 8 A.M. tomorrow.”
Cera obviously wasn’t expecting me to dismiss her, and looked as if she was just slapped.  She turned red, but remained calm and got back into the SUV and left.  Gary, Hazel, and Katie seemed to find the show amusing since they were all three trying to stifle the smallest of grins they had on their faces.
Once Cera was gone and the gate was securely closed again I turned to the three standing there, waiting for directions, when I wasn’t quite sure what was going on myself.
“I’m sorry, you’ll have to excuse me, but I was unaware that I was having a butler, housekeeper, and cook sent over, so I’m a little unprepared as to what I’m supposed to do with you, much less what you’re supposed to do.  Please, come in while we get this settled.  It seems Logan, uh, Mr. Winters, forgot to mention some things to me.”
Once inside, it was Gary that spoke up first.  ‘No worries mam, we already have our instructions and we’ve already had our things brought over yesterday and set up in the servant’s quarters.  If it’s okay with you, my job requirements are what Ms. Cera stated, but also a few more.  I am also in charge of your security detail, as well as the children’s, any and all house requirements; lawn care, pool care, house maintenance, groceries etc..”  
When I didn’t stop him he went on.  
“Additionally, I have many files for you to look through that include all personnel of each company, the companies in general, your employees with full detailed background checks, financial information for all of the companies, as well as your banking information for the company and any other information you may need.  I have included a copy of my qualifications as well, and I have all of this for you in paper, as well as on flash drives, for you to input the information on your new computer seeing as how the one you currently have needs to be gotten rid of, since it is unsecure and has many taps placed on it already just in the last 2 days.  As far as the personal defense instructor for you and your children, that’s based solely upon your agreement.  I will refuse a position before I teach anyone’s children something they don’t want them to know.”
“Although, pardon me for being so blunt, but something tells me they’re no amateurs already, and you don’t need any additional training.”
This made me smile.  “Well Gary, it looks like you’re more perceptive than most of the people Mr. Winters has sent around me so far, including the bodyguards.”
At that moment Andrew, Ben and Justin stop to look at me, as well as Becky, Gary, Katie and Hazel.  “I am a former Military Police Officer of an elite unit.  There are only ten units like mine in the entire Military.  Outwardly, we look just like every other MP unit, but what no one knows is our extracurricular activities, so to speak.  We went into places where there could be valuable Intel before anyone else, including EOD if necessary.  We would claim it off as we just got there first but in all actuality, we were sent in first for a reason.  Leave no traces of Intel, leave no witnesses.  We were trained in the same fields as Military Intelligence, Special Forces, Guerilla Warfare, EOD and even some spy work.”
Ben pops up now, “So basically, what you’re saying is, technically the only thing you need a bodyguard for is to have someone take a bullet for you, because you’re trained better than we ever were, or could have been?”
“Basically, Ben, yes, that’s correct.  I’m sorry you weren’t informed but my entire record is sealed, and even Mr. Winters was unaware of it and is to the extent of it.  I’m telling you this now because if we’re to be working together as closely as this job requires, then I feel you deserve to have full disclosure.  I will still be having each of you sign a Non-Disclosure Agreement though.”
This time it was Justin that spoke up.  “Mr. Winters has already had us sign one.  There should be a copy of one on your desk so you can see what all it entails.  Although I have to say, only being around for the sole purpose of being a shield makes me feel so important.”
I laughed at that.  It was the first time I had heard Justin sound so light and not so serious.  “Does the NDA include the fact that what goes on when you’re with me you don’t disclose information to Mr. Winters as well?”
“Well, no, why would he put that in there?
“Exactly, my point when I say I will have you sign one for me as well.  Just what you now know of my military past is something that can stir up a lot of trouble for the wrong people.  Although, being former military yourselves, I don’t see that as a possibility, but better safe than sorry.  I’ll have them ready in an hour.”
“Oh, Gary, just as an FYI there aren’t bugs on my computer.  One thing I’m very good at is monitoring my electronics and setting up firewalls even the best hacker couldn’t get through.”
Gary looked astounded at first but quickly recovered.
Everyone seemed to be pacified with this and went their own ways throughout the house.  Hazel immediately went straight to the kitchen and started cooking something.  I wasn’t sure what, but it smelled delicious.  I could tell just from the smell of it that she was definitely from the Virginia’s somewhere.  She reminded me of my own Grandma.  
Katie went right to cleaning the already immaculate house and Gary went somewhere I wasn’t sure yet.  I have to admit, it was a little unnerving having other people know my house better than I do.  Hell, I didn’t even know there was a servant’s quarters here much less a pool.  
Rory and Jesse are already so attached to Ben and Andrew that I have no doubt they’ll be safe and they were the right choice for the kids.  Jesse’s using Ben as a jungle gym currently and Rory has Andrew on the couch putting her play make-up on him, which he seems to be enjoying as much as her.  I’ll admit, it is nice seeing them have a male role model in their life, even if it is a temporary one.  They’re happy and deserve to be happy, and even though this is the first time they’ve really been around a man full time, they seem to love it.  
It makes me choke up a little because I realize how much they’re missing not having a father.  This in turn makes me wonder what I did and how much I messed up their lives by picking the wrong man and having him walk out on them.  
I hear someone coming behind me but it doesn’t unnerve me like most people do, so I don’t react to it. 
“Don’t worry.  You didn’t mess their lives up and if anything, you’re doing more than the normal person to make sure they have everything they could ever want or need.  I have never seen a more dedicated mother, ever, and just because you may have made some mistakes in the past doesn’t mean you can’t and aren’t fixing them now.  It’s obvious to see that it’s that man’s loss.”  It was Hazel. 
“Speaking from experience?”  I asked.
“Yes, unfortunately I am, and I didn’t have the opportunity to give my kids what you do now.  I waited and mourned my loss instead of getting right up and taking charge, so they didn’t pay for my mistakes.  I squandered away my entire savings.  I paid my bills, don’t get me wrong, but I waited and didn’t work for nearly two years.  I was broke, the three kids were hungry and we didn’t have much food left, we had no running water at that point, or electricity, and it finally hit me then.  Finally, I got off my big butt and went to work as a baker for the local pastry shop.  I started getting back on track, but the kids remember that and blame me for them not having better and being ridiculed by their friends.  After they turned of age they left, and went on to school and I kept working.  I was determined to never get myself back into that situation.  Maybe, one day, they’ll forgive me for not being the stronger person you are.”
At that, she walked away after announcing dinner would be ready in half an hour.  She made me think about a lot and realize how perceptive she is.  Most people don’t see my regrets; they only see me as a cold hearted Bitch.  If only people knew how often I cried at night from exhaustion and dread, from not being able to do better by my kids, from having to work so hard and feeling like I’m getting nowhere, or even just from being lonely, but not wanting to let anyone in and make the same mistakes I made the last time that nearly destroyed me.  No, it’s better people perceive me as a cold hearted Bitch.  Then, there’s no attachment, and I can get through business as efficiently and quickly as possible and get home to the kids.
After getting into my office I found stacks of files lining the walls and 72 flash drives on my desk.  Also on my desk were nine other files, one for each of the new employees I have living with me full time, each with an NDA included in it.  Somewhat efficient, but not to my standards.  So I typed out my own version of an NDA and made 9 copies.  Only 1 was slightly different.  Cera’s NDA didn’t have a clause in it that the rest of the staff’s did.
*Clause 12: Under no circumstances will you talk about anything that goes on in this house or conversations with Cera, or leave her alone with the Children at any time.  This is cause for immediate dismissal.
There, that should do it.  Time for dinner.  As I walk to the dining room I notice the table is only set for three although it can very well handle 20 people.  This raises questions with me, so I go to the kitchen to ask Hazel why.  She just looks at me puzzled.  “Well, Mam, the staff usually eats in the kitchen, not with the family.”
“First off, since I have you all in here, my name is Rain as I told Ben, Andrew, Justin and Becky yesterday.  Not Mam, Miss or whatever else you have.  Secondly, if were living together and pretty much acting like a family, then we should eat as one.  I understand this is unorthodox for all of you, but this is how I am.  So, Hazel, where are the plates so I can finish setting the table?”
They all seemed a little surprised but as soon as I moved to start getting the plates everyone jumped and started getting things.  Five minutes later we had the table set for everyone and all the food on the table.  It was easy to see that the staff was a little uneasy with this but if they were to work for me they need to be more like family because I don’t much like the idea of having servants.
After dinner each member of the staff signed the new NDA and I filed those away.  I start to head upstairs to give the kids a bath when I hear Rory squealing, and the squeal is one of fear.  I know that sound and start sprinting head long, only to run smack into Andrew, even though he was closer and rounding the corner for Rory’s room, at the same time I was topping the landing.  He must’ve known that squeal too.  The only problem is, even though he was closer and has about one hundred pounds on me, I easily knock him outta my way and rush head long into Rory’s room with Andrew on my tail gasping.
“MOMMY! MOMMY! ANDREW! KILL IT! KILL IT! THERE!” There was a black spider climbing the wall of her room, and to be honest, is wasn’t very small, but then again, in Atlanta they rarely are.  I’m a little afraid of spiders myself, but I will gladly get between my kids and one and kill it if it makes them feel safe.  I started to move but before I could, Andrew leapt at it and hit it with such force I thought he was going to put a hole in the wall.  “YAY! YAY! MY ANDREW SAVED ME AND KILLED THE BAD SPIDER!” Then she leapt off the bed towards Andrew.  I thought she was going to fall short, but he caught her and spun her around before putting her on his shoulders and telling her he was always going to be around to save her.  She liked that.  The sweet way a two year old talks; it’s always heart melting.
After all the commotion, I gave the kids a bath and put them to bed and went to do the same for myself.  Before I was able to head down stairs though, Andrew stopped me and asked me how I was able to knock him around so easily when he was much larger than me.  I looked at him and laughed, “Andrew, size doesn’t always mean everything.”  He watched as I walked down the stairs.  I have A LOT to do starting tomorrow and wonder how I’m going to balance everything with the new responsibilities.






















Chapter 5
The Start of Everything New

Hazel had breakfast ready promptly at 7 A.M. to give us plenty of time to eat and finish getting ready for the start of our new routines.  Rory and Jesse were so excited wearing their new clothes and shoes, and getting to go to their new school.  It made me feel better knowing Ben, Andrew and Becky would be there with them the entire time.  Apparently, this school is for people in high ranking positions anyway, so, the school is used to having bodyguards and tutors lurking around all day with the students.  Gary is the one that does the driving for them until I find someone more permanent.
I gave the kids a kiss and told them to be good and I’d see them soon, then I sent them off to school.  They seemed so happy that I know I couldn’t have made a mistake taking this position, even if it was forced.
Promptly at 8 A.M. Cera was buzzing at the gate so I let her in.  Hazel had made me a lunch and gave it to me, but seemed a little unsure of whether or not this was something she should do.  I thanked her quickly and put it with the rest of my bags by the door.  After seeing Cera pull up, I could tell she was agitated about having to sign another NDA and still not getting the new gate combination, and she made these irritations known once we were on our way.
“Ms. Harvey I don’t understand why I wouldn’t have the combination to the gate when I am your personal driver.  Mr. Winters hired me so obviously he finds me trustworthy, and I find it a little offensive that you, being new, treat me like I did something wrong.”  
This caught my attention from the file I was going through currently.  I closed the file calmly, leaned forward and told her exactly what I thought of her opinion.  
“Well Cera, you being offended means little to me when it comes to the safety of my family, seeing as I don’t know you.   You’re right, Mr. Winters hired you, but as to whether or not you stay my personal driver and working for this company, is MY decision.  I don’t take well to the looks you give me when you think I’m not looking, and whether or not you think so, I know there’s something that didn’t come up on Mr. Winters search, and I intend on finding it.  I have a very good radar and you, my dear, are flying way to close to the sun.  Now, how long you stay employed here is solely up to you. You can keep your looks, and most definitely your opinions, to yourself and be paid nicely for a while longer until I find out what exactly you’re hiding, or you can open your mouth again and be fired now and I can drive myself.  Is that understood?”
“Yes, Mam.” Cera mumbled sullenly under her breath.
“Good. Now, I’d like to go to my office please.  I have a lot of work to do and I’m sure you have a lot of complaining to do.  Cera, let me give you a piece of advice.  Just because you think someone isn’t looking doesn’t mean they aren’t.  And the row of seats between us mean nothing.  There are mirrors everywhere and I can see the faces you make at me, not to mention I can read lips and would love to see you try to beat my ass or get me fired.  Keep squinting at me like that.  I may be reading a file but I know what you’re doing.”
We drove the rest of the way in silence with her eyes forward and I had gotten through 7 personnel files by the time we got to the office. Traffic was heavy today, but leaving at 8 was definitely a good idea.  I got there at 8:45 A.M. and apparently my presence had been announced before I arrived because as soon as I walked into the front doors and started towards the elevators, I could see everyone stopping to look at me and whisper like I was some sort of circus freak.  Once in the elevator I punched in my code and the elevator took me straight to the top floor, 62. Man, the view from here as soon as I stepped out of the elevator was amazing.  A wall of glass with the Atlanta skyline was in view.
I no more got a foot out of the elevator and was greeted by a receptionist, the one for Logan and myself I assume since she’s here. 
“Good Morning, Ms. Harvey.  My name is Berdina, and I’m your and Mr. Winters’ secretary and personal assistant.  Please, let me know if there’s anything you need. I’ve put a French vanilla cappuccino on your desk about a minute ago so it should still be nice and hot, and I’m number 0 on your phone for the buzzer.  Mr. Winters is number 1 on the phone” she breathlessly explains.
I made my way to my office and put in the combination to get into the door, then immediately changed it.  Once inside, I set down all my bags and put my Beretta into the gun safe in my desk drawer, after changing that combination as well.  Slowly, I started going through all the personnel files I had started earlier this morning.  I had already gotten through seven and found one I didn’t like.  That one had to be red flagged so I could go more in depth later.
About an hour after arriving Logan knocked on my open office door and walked in.  Immediately, my stomach started with that deep pull and I was glad I was sitting because I would have been shaking on my legs.  I think he could sense this too, which made it all the more irritating, and yet somehow made that pull harder.  He sat in the chair on the opposite side of my desk and I could smell him from there.  Damn, this man always smells so good.  For about 2 minutes we pretty much just sat there and had a stare down, then he finally leaned forward and spoke.
“So, Rain, how are things coming along?” 
 “Well, let’s see, I’ve had my family uprooted, had our world turned completely upside down within less than a week, I now have seven extra people living with me, a whiney driver that I’m going to fire as soon as I find out what exactly she’s hiding, an overly perky receptionist, and a company full of people that look at me like I’m a circus freak when they see me, because my guess is they knew someone was coming in to clean house but they didn’t know who or when, until now, which has them on edge.  Oh, let’s not forget about 6 months of work to get caught up on as soon as possible, and a bodyguard sitting outside my office like I’m a kid being watched by a babysitter when I can take care of myself, though he is a good man and I don’t mind him lurking about.  Does that about sum it up for you, Logan, because if not, I can always remind you I still have my degree I’m currently trying to finish.”
All the while he sat there with a bemused look on his face.  Finally, I had had enough of the goofy looks and snapped.  I slammed my fist on the desk which caused not only Logan, Justin and Berdina to jump but also another man, whom I assume to be Logan’s Bodyguard.  When he stood up and started coming towards my office Justin jumped up and stood in the way, and it was a stare down between those two.  I barely noticed because that was when I began my tirade on Logan.
“Just what the hell do you find so amusing Logan?  You wanted me here and you got it.  You wanted me into a different house and you got it.  You wanted the extra staff at my house and I didn’t argue, but I will not sit here and have some stupid ass looking at me like he’s completely demented just because he got the answer to the question he asked.  You don’t want the answers then don’t ask me because when you do ask me something, I am blunt and tell you honestly.  It’s why you hired me remember?  Now, wipe that dumb ass look off your face before I do it for you!”
That was when I noticed the stare down between Justin and the other guy, really noticed anyway.  I didn’t take to well to that.  I marched around my desk and past Justin, told him to sit back down because I was fine, he grinned and did as he was told, and I marched up to the Giant staring at me now and asked him what the fuck his problem was.
“Well Ms. Harvey, I don’t take well to people threatening my boss and best friend, and I’ll be dammed if I’m going to just sit by and let you hit him again.”  
At this point Justin began laughing hysterically.  “You knocked Mr. Winters on his ass?” he asked between gasps.  
I started smiling at the memory and said yeah, but apparently big boy didn’t like that and started towards Justin, who started to leap up but before he got a chance to do so he found his opponent on the ground, face down with a busted mouth and sprained ankle.  This made Justin laugh even harder, to the point where he fell back down in his seat.  Berdina was trying not to laugh but you could hear her chuckle behind us.
Logan on the other hand wasn’t as receptive.  “What the hell? Come on, now. I don’t go around banging up the man that’s supposed to protect you (not that he could if he wanted to) and Dante didn’t deserve that….much.  Geeze, you feel better now?”
“Actually he did deserve it.  I don’t take well to anyone coming at me or my people.  He doesn’t like the way I talk to you?  Tell him to get used to it! You talked me into coming here, so whether he likes it or not, I’ll talk to you and anyone else any damn way I please.  If he doesn’t like that then he and I can always go another round.”
Dante shook his head no as he was slowly climbing off the floor.
“You know, Rain, we have a gym for that purpose, so you can beat up on a bag or someone willing.”
“Well, Dante’s supposed to be a big bad bodyguard right?  That’s how he was acting, so then being pushed around by a woman my size shouldn’t hurt him at all.  I mean, hell, I’m only five feet four inches and a hundred and twenty five pounds.  If I’m too much for him, then you might want to rethink your choice of bodyguards.” I said as sweetly as I could.
“Ok, Rain, you’ve made your point.  Seeing as how I’ve agitated you so early in the morning, I’ll leave you alone for a while and we can go to lunch to discuss some work issues later,” Logan exclaims.
“I have a lunch.  Hazel packed one for me.”
“Okay then, I’ll order in and we can eat in the conference room and have this discussion.  I usually have lunch from 1 P.M. to 2 P.M. if that’s okay with you.  It’s easier to eat and discuss things when everyone else is supposed to be doing something else,” Logan says while looking around at anything but me.
“That’s fine. Make sure when you order in, order enough for Justin, Dante and Berdina,” I say to him mindlessly as I try to get myself back into a work state of mind.
“Um, Rain, they won’t be joining us for our discussion,” Logan embarrassedly stutters.
That tweaked my interest.  “What’s your point?  They still have to eat.”
Almost as if he were ashamed he says, “Well we do have an employee cafeteria on the 40th floor for that purpose.”
I may have looked at him too cross when I asked, “And what’s the point of them going down there when you’re going to be ordering food?”
Logan started walking away when he mumbles, “Point well made.  I’ll see you at one in the conference room.”
I stammered out, “Whatever.”
I turned and stormed back into my office and slammed the door, and jumped back into work full force to get rid of my agitation.  So much so, that I lost track of time and Justin reminded me when it was almost 1.  I thanked him, went to the rest room in my office, which is convenient, and gathered my files and lunch to head to the conference room.  After getting in there and setting my stuff down, I realized I forgot my drink, so I headed for the door intending to go back for it when yet again, that big ass door came open nearly knocking me over the table.  “OH!!! FUCK ME!!!” Damn, it came out again and yet again Logan looked just as stunned as the first time, only with us a mere 2 inches apart this time.  The door had already closed behind him and there was nothing there but us, breathing heavy.
He ever so slowly starts closing the distance between us, my hands flat at my side, and him, shaking at the knees from the close proximity I would guess.  He was only about an inch from me and I could feel the heat radiating off of this man.  Damn, he smells good.  Oh my, the way it feels having his arms wrapped around me is just inexplicable.  We’re nose to nose at this point and our breaths are mingled together. Coffee and coffee, but two different tastes.
Finally after what seems an eternity, but really is only maybe five minutes tops he speaks.  “You know Rain, you’re going to have to stop yelling that out every time you’re in my arms, because it’s a very tantalizing offer and I’m having a hard time resisting.”
What the hell is wrong with me?  I could have easily gotten away from this man, dress or not.  I could have made him get off me.  I could have made him stop talking and back away from my face but instead I just lay there and let him keep me in his arms like some love struck school girl.
Slowly, he inched forward and kissed me.  I wasn’t even sure if he actually did at first, but that pull in my stomach got stronger, to the point where it caused me to arch forward ever so slightly.  He liked that reaction and deepened the kiss more.  Again, I didn’t stop him when I could have, which I didn’t understand, but at this moment I didn’t want to understand.  All I knew was I wanted this.  What was going on right now?  I reached up and grabbed his hair and pulled his face into mine harder and he responded with a moan.
That made me arch into him even more, and I could feel his erection growing. This man is unbelievable with his mouth and the way he’s moving his hands.  Oh my God, what was I thinking about?  Shit, I know I was going to say something but I can’t remember what anymore.  All I can think of is, I want his mouth and hands on me more than what they already are.  I want these clothes off. Now! 
He seemed to be reading my mind because the entire time I’m experiencing these fireworks in my stomach, he was easing my dress up my leg.  Oh yes, keep going, keep going.  I haven’t had someone touch me and make me feel like this in, well, I’ve never had someone touch me and make me feel this.
Then came the reality check. *KNOCK KNOCK KNOCK*
OH MY GOD! What the hell was I doing?  I quickly scramble to get to my seat while smoothing my dress back down and my hair back in place and try to get a handle on my breathing.  Logan just managed to get to his feet and sat in the closest chair he could find to hide his erection.  
“Come in,” Logan manages to stammer.
“I’m sorry to disturb you Mr. Winters, but your food is here, and I have Ms. Harvey’s drink for her. She left it on her desk and I thought she might want it.”
I quickly thank her not knowing what else to say.  “Thank you, Berdina.  You can put it all on the table then take your lunch.”
After Berdina left we both started breathing again, merely trying to catch our breaths from the earlier incident, which I couldn’t explain if I wanted to.  We stared at each other for a while before either of us spoke.
“Look, Logan, I’m not quite sure why I reacted that way, but the fact of the matter is, it can’t happen again.”
Logan smirked. “Rain, you and I both know that you want me as much as I want you.  The difference is, you haven’t realized it yet.  I’ll be honest with you, Rain.  I’ve been watching you for the past three years and to be honest with you, from what I’ve seen of you, I’ve fallen in love with you.  Your children are just perks to me because I love children.  You’re one of the hardest, most dedicated women I’ve ever seen, and you’re unlike most women when it comes to money.  What I mean to say is you’re not a gold digger and don’t let money or power affect the way you think of someone.  You treat a homeless man the same way you do a millionaire.  Qualities like that aren’t something you find in someone every day.   The longer I’ve watched you the harder I’ve fallen for you, which in all honesty, is something I’m very unaccustomed to, considering I haven’t had a serious relationship since the beginning of college.  I’ve always been too busy and never found a woman that attracted my attention in a way that I didn’t feel like I was making yet another mistake in my life, and just getting myself into something with yet another Barbie that is only after me for the money, publicity, and prestige.”
All I could do was stare at this man.  I couldn’t believe what I was hearing.  What the hell is going on?  I feel like I’m in some sort of an alternate universe.  I wasn’t sure what to say to that. I stumbled through my next few statements still confused.  “Wait, wait. What the hell do you mean you’ve fallen in love with me over the past three years?  I’ve known you a week?”
“Well, it’s really not that complicated, Rain.  I told you, I’ve been checking out all employees, and potential employees and your name came across my desk three years ago.  I started watching you, and the longer I watched you, the more I started falling for you.  You’re different.  You’re not like every other woman.  You’re not overly concerned about looking like a Barbie, or wearing the latest fashions, yet you still look presentable and responsible.  Everything you make goes towards taking care of your kids and nothing for yourself.  You work hard at your degree, and make damn good grades.  Even though you don’t have a degree you blow past everyone in almost anything you try.  You’re a quick study, and very brilliant.  That’s the main reason I hired you for this job.  Because I know you can do it.  The more pressure someone exerts on you, the better you perform.  And as far as I can tell, on a personal basis, you’re the best person for me.  You are hard willed and extremely determined.  As much as you think of me, when I’m around you I have no choice but to be the best me, which is exactly what I want to be.  I’m not the person you think I am, Rain.  I’m not this spoiled brat that you think of.
“Let me give you a brief history lesson about myself.  I was adopted when I was a child. 10 months old to be exact.  My adoptive mother was my biological mother’s foster mom. My biological mother was a crack head alcoholic when she was pregnant with me.  Me turning out somewhat normal is a miracle.  She turned me over to my “parents” after I was 6 months old, but not after my finding out what it was like to be beaten with a belt for being hungry and looking for food with my older brother David.  He’s almost exactly two years older than me.  He took care of me when I was a baby.  My mother would leave me in the crib for days, soaked in urine and crying, hungry and getting bed sores, so finally after about a week of that my brother, David, got me out of the crib.  He used the wipes to clean me up, and put me in the high chair.  Of course he dropped me a few times in the process, but he went down with me so I didn’t fall too much.  He would climb the cupboards and fix me cheerios since it was all that he knew how to make.  I learned quickly how to adapt to my surroundings as well.  Once I was placed with my adoptive parents I was kidnapped by my biological mother when I was 10 months old.  I was kept in the floorboard of the car while the windows were up and they all smoked pot.  I went through withdraws for days, after I was returned a week later.  You see, my biological mother was trying to sell me to her pervert uncle that had a thing for little boys.   Luckily for me the police got there in time.  Unfortunately, they couldn’t take my brother with me.  He stayed there with our mother.  She wanted him.  I reminded her too much of my father, who was a schizophrenic, bipolar loser who only cared about himself or at least according to her. 
“I thought, when I was adopted, I was saved. But not so much.  Things were ok for a while. But, the older I got the worse things got.  It was always small things.  A smack here.  A quick kick in the hips when I was crouched down.  It wasn’t anything that could be reported as anything big.  My adoptive mother was very abusive mentally, emotionally and verbally, but only if my father wasn’t around.  When he was home it was like we were one big happy family.  My adoptive father is 17 years younger than my adoptive mother, and he couldn’t have kids, so when he met her it was a perfect fit.  I needed a father and he wanted a kid.  We were always very close.  Once I got older things changed.  My adoptive mother and I didn’t get along after I turned 18 because I quit taking her games.  We fought and eventually quit talking.  Soon after she convinced my father that I was the problem and we quit talking too.  A few months later they both died and left me over 500 companies.  Imagine my shock when I found out about these companies, because I never knew we owned anything.
“We moved to a different crappy house every year.  I changed schools frequently and we were always poor, or so I thought.  My father worked for a trucking company as a night shift dispatcher, slash fill in truck driver when needed.  He would sometimes work 19 or 20 hours a day just to make ends meat.  I was raised very poorly.  Sometimes, we wouldn’t have certain utilities because the bill didn’t get paid and the services would be turned off.  After they died, I learned the Trucking Company my father worked for, he also owned.  Imagine the surprise of the other employees when they found out the guy they’d push into doing their work, was secretly their boss.  Hell, they were probably as shocked as I was.  That with all the other companies my father owned, he still let me grow up poor and feel like I was a freak every time I had to switch schools and be in a rich school, but be the poor kid. I was angry at everyone at that time, but especially my father.  For as close as we were, or I thought we were, He still didn’t trust me enough with the truth.  From what I was told after, my mother was unaware of all of this as well.  I guess that was the reason for the charade right?  Work all the time and still barely make it.  I didn’t want any part of anything from them, especially him, but when it came down to it, I wasn’t going to let that many people lose their jobs so I bucked up and did what had to be done.  I know I do come off as a spoiled brat, but I want what’s best for my companies, the employees and their families.
“As far as my wanting you is concerned, well, I’ve never met anyone that has this pull, like the one you have on me.  When I first started checking up on you, when your name first came across my desk 3 years ago, I was immediately attracted to you.  I was attracted to your picture and to everything you’d manage to accomplish in your situations.  I’ve never met anyone like you and frankly the attraction I feel towards you, I’ve never felt towards anyone else.  It’s like electricity when I’m near you, or even when I think about you.  Not to mention there’s no way you can’t tell me you don’t feel the same way after the way your body reacted to me a few minutes ago.”
I sat there a little stunned from all of the new information I was taking in.  I wasn’t sure what to process first.  This was a whole lot of information that I’m sure he didn’t go around telling just anyone.  That gave me my first question.
I asked very cautiously, “I’m sure you don’t go around telling everyone this information, Logan, so why tell me this when you’ve known me a little less than a week?”
“As I’ve said, Rain, I’ve known you for about three years give or take a few weeks in there.  Secondly, I trust you with this information because I believe you have the right to know who you’re working for and why you were moved so suddenly, why I’ve been so abrupt with everything so quickly, but also why I want you here.”  There was an underlying tremor in Logan’s voice that he was trying to hide.
“And why exactly was everything so abrupt?  I mean if you have been watching me for three years and knew what I could do, why wait so long and why now?”  I knew I came across more aggressively than I had intended to but I don’t like the people around me keeping secrets, and especially ones about myself.
“Well, again I’m going to be honest with you.  Firstly, the reason I waited so long was because I wasn’t sure I had the self-control to work side by side with you, every day and not touch you, kiss you, or tell you that I’m in love with you and show you. Secondly…”
“WAIT JUST A DAMN MINUTE HERE!!! You still have yet to answer my question when I asked you what made you think you were in love with me?”
“Yes, Rain, I’m in love with you.  For the past three years I’ve sat back and watched your work, and how you went about your everyday life, and the more I saw, the harder I fell.  I know that came out in a stalkerish way, but I definitely don’t mean it that way.  I just mean, well, I really don’t know what I mean.  All I know is, I’ve been drawn to you from the minute I laid eyes on you, well your picture, and could never figure out why.  Now, can I continue with what I was saying?”
 I shook my head yes because I was still a little blown away.  “Okay then, secondly, the reason for moving you here now, was because I was concerned for yours and the kid’s safety.  Thirdly, my being able to work beside you without letting you know how I felt wasn’t important any longer, what was important was the fact that I have someone in here that I know I can trust and can do what I can’t, and that’s make the hard decisions when it’s needed.  I’m not calling you a cold hearted Bitch nor am I implying that, because personally, I believe the complete opposite, however, you’re better than most at compartmentalizing your life and what’s necessary to get things done,  just like you did with your life and your Children.”
A light bulb sprang on just then.  “Wait a sec; I’m still stuck on the safety of myself and my children part.  What’s that mean?”
“Well, that means that when I first read your file and fell in love with you, I made it a special project to make sure I kept a special eye on your life.  I wasn’t doing it to control your life like I’m sure you’re imagining, but to protect you.  As I said, I’ve never met anyone that has ever had this effect on me, and when you did, I made sure I wasn’t going to let anything happen to you,” He exclaims.
“So what’s this impending danger that’s so pressing?”
“Your ex.”  Once those words left his mouth I felt as though all the air had been sucked out of the room.
Two words I never would’ve imagined, and they echoed in my head like a bell going off.  I haven’t given this man an ounce of thought, danger wise, since the day he left. 
“What does Robert have to do with anything?!?”  My voice was nearly a whisper.
“He’s resurfaced in the area and has been following you for some weeks now.  I know you can sense someone following you because I see the way you react, not to mention, you of all people know how to shake a tail.  My people have watched from a distance to make sure he never tried to make a move on you or your family but he’s like a pit bull and closing in.  He wants something and we don’t know what.  I’ve been through every bit of your financials, and lists of your belongings, and for the life of me, myself nor my people can figure out what it is he wants from you.  Do you have any insight?”
“Let me give it to you straight, Logan.  He wants me dead at all costs.  He was in hiding after the last incident, where he damn near killed me, which I was pregnant with Rory at the time, by the way.  He knew I wasn’t going to be the only one coming for him and he had a lot of heat on him.  Right now that heat is all in different countries at the moment so he feels safe to come out and try to finish what he started.”  As soon as I started talking Logan went pale white as if he had seen his parents rise from the grave.
“Why does he want to kill you?” It was a choked, hoarse statement.
“Putting it simply, there are some things people excel in and other things they sink in.  I’ve come from a family where my father has always told me I was going to fail at whatever it is I did, and would be better off just disappearing from everyone’s life to make it easier on everyone.  He was upset when I had kids because ‘that just gave me more lives to mess up’ and when I was with Robert, he said he was too good for me and all I was going to do was corrupt him and run him off like the other guys I dated before him.  The guys before him just couldn’t handle a woman that wouldn’t take their bullshit, which is Robert’s problem.  I never took his bullshit and called him on it.  I excelled in my military career while he was number six, but was still good.  I was the one that convinced the higher up’s to keep him on in our unit.  We got close and were on leave deciding whether or not we were going to renew or contract when a mysterious bomb went off killing some of my guys.  They never found the bomber only the fact that I was supposed to be in the bar that the bomb was placed, in the very seat the bomb was under no less.  I didn’t follow my instincts then, because at that point I was already 5 months pregnant with Jesse and Robert didn’t know.  When I told him, he pretended to be happy, but in all reality he wasn’t.  I was just too blind to see it.  I wanted the happy family so badly I looked past the obvious warning signs.  Robert re-enlisted whereas I stayed out.  This put him in the number five slot for our unit.  To say he didn’t like the fact that I was the best at my job was putting it mildly.  He would sneak in the house occasionally when he thought I couldn’t hear him, because he wasn’t supposed to be home yet and would try to sneak up on me, I think to make it look like a home invasion but he was never able to outdo me.  
“Jesse was almost a year old and it was easy to see Robert was getting tired of playing the Daddy role and when Jesse was crying about something, Robert slapped Jesse.  That was the end of it for me.  I literally threw him out on his ass after beating him senseless, and then tossed his shit out on top of him.  Unknown to him was the fact that I was pregnant with our second child.  I didn’t know what to do or who to turn to, since I had no one.  So I found a daycare and took my military settlement and rented a different place so I was away from where Robert was used to me living, I found a job, and started night school to finish getting my degree.  My father still thinks I’m going to fail, and openly tells me this frequently.  It just gives me the motivation to keep going.  Now Robert’s back and trying to kill me is what you’re saying?  Why?  It doesn’t make sense, unless he just wants to be the best by taking out the best.”
“I don’t have answers to those questions yet, Rain, but believe me, I fully intend on getting them.  Robert found out where you were living the day before I moved you, hence the reason for the bodyguards so quickly, and moving.  I would rather be in agony everyday working beside you knowing I can’t have you, than watch something happen to you knowing I could have prevented it and you not be around at all anymore.”  It was the most sincere thing anyone had ever said to me, notwithstanding the agony part I was sure I’d be feeling too working beside a man I didn’t want to get into a relationship with.
“As much as I appreciate the thought, Logan, I think you underestimate my self-defense abilities.  However, I am grateful you took the precautions to protect my children.  They absolutely love the bodyguards you picked for them, and as far as I can tell, the Nanny, Cook, Butler, and Housekeeper are all good choices.  Cera is the only one that raises any red flags for me.”  Logan sort of gave me a smirk when I finished that statement.
“That’s exactly why I hired her, Rain.  You see, she was a little too adamant about being YOUR personal driver before I even mentioned that I was looking for a driver for you.  Then, her file is fixed, that much I know.  My government guys said she has a phony file which means one of two things.  She’s a spy, or she’s an assassin hired for you or me, and from what you just told me, my money’s on you.  I knew you would know there was something wrong with her right away but I also thought you would be able to figure out what it was since my people can’t seem to crack that one.”  At that he shook his head.
Another thought sprang into my head and I asked him, “Logan, just out of curiosity how did you know I would be able to figure out what was wrong with Cera when you didn’t know about my military past yet?  And what Government people are we talking about here?”
He smirked again before answering me.  “The government thing we’ll discuss later but as far as Cera is concerned, well women have better intuition about other women than men do.  Not to mention, if you didn’t have good instincts you wouldn’t have made it through Stiltner Software and Design as quickly as you did or have come up on my radar.”
God I really hate arrogant men.  Although this one may be negotiable.
After our discussion, we got back to work while eating lunch.  We didn’t dispatch and go our separate ways at two like we had originally planned because we didn’t realize how much time had passed.  It was 5:15 P.M. when Berdina came in and said Becky was here with Rory, Jesse, Andrew and Ben.  I jumped up realizing how much time had passed but was surprised at the amount of work I had gotten done with Logan.  We had gone through 96 personnel files, with only six more drawing red flags for me and being set aside.  As we were going through these files I was labeling each with a colored label, which Logan didn’t understand, but that was something I would explain later.
“Is it okay for me to officially meet your children, Rain?  I mean I’ve seen everything on paper but that’s not really the same as meeting them?” Logan asked.
I hesitated at first but then decided this man did everything he could to protect us from something I didn’t even see coming, and he’s being overly generous to my family, letting them meet him isn’t going to hurt anything.  Besides they’re terrific judges of character and can spot a bad person a mile away, so if they react that way to him then I know there’s more to Logan than he’s letting on.  I shake my head yes and beckon for Berdina to bring the kids in the conference room where we are and she does so, followed by Ben and Andrew hot on her heels, which I think intimidated her slightly.  Jesse and Rory ran to me and began telling me all about their day at their new school and the new daycare and what they’ve done.  Once they slowed down, about five minutes later, I turned them and introduced them to Logan, who had this almost fatherly smile on his face the entire time he was watching them ramble.  
Jesse looked up at me then walked over and inspected Logan before climbing up on the chair in front of him and staring up at Logan intently.  Suddenly, Jesse leapt into Logan’s arms and wrapped his arms around Logan’s neck.  I stood there shocked.  
Jesse just stayed there for a couple of minutes then pulled back and looked Logan dead in the eye and said, “You’re going to make my mommy very happy and be mine and Rory’s new Daddy.”
At that point I nearly shit myself as did the others in the room except Logan.  He seemed perfectly calm.  
He looked right at Jesse and said, “Well I hope I can be someday, but for now I’m just your mommy’s friend, and yours.  If you ever need anything you come tell me, okay?”
Jesse looked so serious when he said yes and climbed down.  Next was Rory.  She just ran over and wrapped herself around Logan’s leg.  Again, I was so taken aback I didn’t know what to say or do.  They’ve never acted this way around any other man so I wasn’t sure what I was supposed to say or do.  I mean come on, these are toddlers, and this man has got to be one of the most eligible Bachelors in the state so what the hell would he want with a woman with two kids and no degree?  In the same aspect he did say he was in love with me.  Shit, what the hell am I thinking?  There’s no way I can have a life with this man.  Damn, why’d the kids have to have such a good reaction to him?  This just makes things harder and makes my attraction to him that much more intense.  I’m frustrated and turned on at the same time.  
Damn, I can’t tell if I want to punch this man in the face, or have his babies.  Hell, maybe even both.  Whoa, whoa, whoa! That’s it.  When I start having thought’s like that, it’s time for me to go.
“Okay guys, say goodnight to Mr. Winters, and were going to go to Mommy’s office so I can get things together and we can go home.  I’m sure Hazel will have dinner ready soon.  Goodnight, Logan.  I’ll see you tomorrow and we can continue where we left off,” at that I quickly scrambled from the room.
Once in the car on the way home, both kids rode with Ben and Andrew in the opposite car and Justin was with me, I had a spark of an idea.  
“You know, Cera, I think you and I got off on the wrong foot, and I think we need to try to make this right.  What would you say about going to lunch with me on Saturday afternoon and we can discuss these misunderstandings.”
She seemed a little taken back but agreed.  This is the perfect opportunity for me to extract Intel from her that could be useful in a lot of different things.  So, Saturday will be the day I’ll get as much information out of Cera as possible and away from the safety of the house.  I don’t want the kids compromised.  My planning was starting to come together.
The rest of the week followed suit like Monday with the exception of the little sexual episode between Logan and me.
We finished all of the personnel files for all of the companies.  Every night I would go home and update each file on the flash drive with the paper files so they matched.  My key ring full of flash drives was kind of a pain in the ass but it was efficient to have, whenever and where ever I needed it.
Friday, Logan found out what the colored tabs on all the files meant.  I wasn’t exactly sure what he was thinking when he found out, but it was amusing watching his facial expressions as I explained this.  
“The red tabs are ones that have something in them I don’t like as I’m sure you’ve already figured out.  The yellow tabs mean there’s some more information I need in this file to have it completed.  The green tabs mean I think they need to be in a different position or a different company and the blue tabs means I believe they’re not being paid the correct way or something is wrong with something to do with their benefits etc.  What?”
He said, “Nothing.  I knew you were efficient but I was unaware you were this efficient.”
“It is what you hired me for isn’t it?” I asked innocently.
“Yes, it’s what you were hired for, I just thought it would take you longer to adjust to things and get this far in your work.  It was my mistake.  Although, I am glad you’re as efficient as you are because I have enjoyed working this closely with you this past week.”  As he was saying this he was moving closer and his voice was getting huskier.
Finally, he took the final step closing the distance between us and reached up to brush my cheek with his knuckles.  I leaned into his hand and didn’t know why, because as much as I wanted to keep this relationship completely professional and not get myself into the same position I got myself into before by letting my emotions control me, I couldn’t resist this man.
At that point Logan leaned in and kissed me.  I leaned into and deepened the kiss.  The way this man made me feel when he touched me, and especially when he kissed me, was incredible.  That pull in my stomach deepened to the point where I wasn’t sure my heart was even beating anymore with as fast as it was going.
At that point Logan turned me toward him and pulled me into him.  I didn’t resist.  My hands made their way to his hair and pull his mouth down on me even harder.  Logan picked me up by my ass, which was surprising because I didn’t even realize he had his hands on my ass, and set me on the table.  He pushed my skirt up slightly as he made his way between my legs and his hands were running up and down my back.  I couldn’t breathe.  Hell, who was I kidding, I couldn’t even think about what I wanted to happen next.  All I knew was, I had somehow managed to unbutton his shirt and had my hands in it and was running my hands up and down his chest and abs.  Oh my.  The way his chest felt with that slight smothering of hair and his rock hard abs.  This man definitely had to be an athlete.
Suddenly, Logan stops.  He has his forehead resting against mine and our heavy breathing was mingled together.  Once his breathing slowed some he spoke.  
“Rain, I’m sorry I can’t manage to keep my hands off of you, and if I offend you, please feel free to knock the stupid out of me, but I have to say this.  I know you don’t feel the same way about me as I do you, and if you come to feel that way, yes, I’d be ecstatic, but I don’t want you to feel like you have to, to keep this job.  I have no intention of taking advantage of you.  I want you to be with me because you want to, but I also don’t want to rush you.  I know what you’ve been through and understand how hard it is for you to trust people.  How about we go to dinner tonight and we can talk about something other than business and get to know each other on a more personal level?”
“I have to get back to get the kids fed and put to bed,” I say breathlessly while my heart tries to calm itself.
Still breathless he asks, “Okay, well you do that and I’ll be there to pick you up around 9. I know you put them to bed around 8 so that’ll give you an hour to get them to bed and get ready.  Sound okay to you?”
“I suppose so.  One date can’t hurt.  We’ll see how this goes, and maybe this will help ease some of the tension between us.  Now if you’ll excuse me, I need to get off this table so I can get home.”  I’ve never been shy before until this very moment in this gorgeous man’s arms and trying to find my brain in the midst of mush my heart and pelvis were making.
I’ve never smiled shyly at anyone.  The more interesting thing was the fact that he gave me the same kind of smile which leads me to believe he’s being sincere in his feelings, and really does want to be with me for some unknown reason.


























Chapter 6
My Heart versus My Head

I went home that night and went about my daily routine.  I put my work stuff in my office and went to have dinner with the kids, even though I was supposed to be having dinner with Logan later.  Afterwards, I watched some television with the kids, gave them their bath and put them to bed at 8 P.M., which actually, I didn’t notice until now, how did Logan know what time I put the kids down?  That’s something I’m going to have to find out tonight because that’s something I don’t like.  What goes on in my house is my business.  
Whatever.  I started getting ready to be picked up by Logan at 9.  Luckily for me, one of the skills I kept from my military career was the fact that I can get ready quickly, which would come in handy tonight, seeing as how I wasn’t even sure what to wear since I didn’t know where we were going.  I felt like calling to ask but I didn’t want to give Logan any more reason to think I was a complete idiot when it came to him.
I settled on the extra dress I bought on my shopping spree last week.  It was either that or a business suit and I wasn’t sure that was what Logan was looking for, for our “date”. I decided on this at 8:45, hurriedly put the dress on, and let my hair out of the bun it has always been in and brushed it out.  I even put on a small amount of make-up.  Eye liner, eye shadow and lip gloss.  Man, I haven’t worn make-up since I was a teenager.  I went downstairs to wait for Logan and sat on the couch as I was remembering the last time I ever wore make-up.
I was 15 and had the biggest crush on my boyfriend at the time.  We had been out on a few dates and I was so naïve.  I actually believed he liked me for me.  It turned out he had a bet with his friends as to how long it would take him to get into my pants.  This stupid naïve girl waited a whole month.  He won his bet and never really talked to me again, unless it was to ridicule me.  But, then again, when you’re 15 and graduating midway through the year when the rest of the people your age are in their freshman year it tends to make people feel stupid and angry.  Either way, it taught me a very valuable lesson:  “We can draw lessons from the past but we cannot live in it.” 
Promptly at 9 the gate buzzer sounds and brings me back to reality.  I buzzed in the driver and by the time I made it to the door so did Logan.  He had so many flowers in his hands I wasn’t sure what I was supposed to do with them.  No man has ever given me flowers before.  To be honest I don’t even know if I’m a flowers type of girl.  I stood there looking at the flowers for a few seconds while Logan was looking at me with a hint of curiosity on his face.  He had an enormous bouquet of roses, lilies and orchids mixed together.  He handed them to me and I thanked him but was still a little unsure as to what I was supposed to do. 
He finally takes some of the tension out of the situation by saying, “I take it you’ve either never gotten flowers from a man or you don’t like them.  If you don’t like them you can throw them away but they do make an amazing scent.  If you’d like to keep them it’d probably be best for you to put them in a vase before we leave.”
I hated that I was that easy for him to read, but glad I didn’t have to explain myself. I started to turn to go to the kitchen and put the flowers in water, but Hazel appeared and said she’d do it for me.  I thanked her and told her I’d be back later.  When I stepped out onto the front porch with my jacket in hand ready to put on Logan finally noticed me since he had more light now.  He stepped back and took a deep breath while his eyes widened. 
I froze almost instantly with fear that I looked ridiculous.  “What? Is what I’m wearing not right?  I can go change.  Am I overdressed?”  I’ve trained myself to illuminate the things in my personality that are likable and to hide the things that are less likable. Well Will Smith definitely couldn’t have described me better with that quote if he tried because this definitely describes what I feel when I’m around Logan.  I keep trying to hide the way he makes me feel but I think the harder I try to hide it the more he sees it.
Logan immediately stepped up and helped me put on my jacket and replied, “No, you look amazing.  I don’t think I’ve ever seen a more beautiful woman in my life.” 
 At that moment he leaned in and kissed me.  I felt like a real woman for the first time in my life.  When he pulled back I noticed I was on the step and he was on the ground,  yet he was still a good four inches taller than me which is funny since I have on four inch heels and the step is four inches higher than the ground.  I never noticed he was a full foot taller than me, much less six feet four inches tall.  Either I’m starting to slack on my reconnaissance or I’ve just tried avoiding really looking at this man for so long I never took notice.  Seconds later, out pops Justin.  Weird.  I didn’t know he was coming with us, but then again, he is supposed to be on 24 hour surveillance.   I did notice Dante was driving so that made sense.  Justin got into the front seat beside Dante and Logan and I got into the backseat.  I told him then I had eaten with the kids so I wasn’t hungry really.
“I had already figured you would eat with your children so I figured it would probably be best if we only went for drinks and dessert if that’s okay with you.”  Again reading my mind before I had a chance to really give him any useful information.
“Okay then Mr. Know-it-all, that sounds fine.”
About 5 minutes later we pulled up to another gate.  Dante punched in a code and we pulled up to this house that was much like mine only bigger.
“Where are we, Logan?” I asked curiously.
“Well, seeing as how I’ve already told you about the little security issue we’re currently having with you, and the fact that you’ve already eaten, I brought you back to my place to have dessert and the drinks.  This way, Dante and Justin don’t have to linger over us because we’re safe in the house.  They can wander about, and we can have some privacy so we can have an honest conversation,” he explained with an air of confidence.
“Oh. Okay, that makes sense.  But had I known that I wouldn’t have dressed up.”
“Yes, but just think, Rain, look how stunning you are and I’m extremely happy I got to see you this way.”
All I could do was roll my eyes because it sounds like a line of bullshit I would’ve gotten back in high school.
We made our way into the house, which was spectacular by the way, and Justin followed Dante into a game room, while Logan and I went to the dining room.  His housekeeper brought us some Cookies and Cream ice cream, my favorite, and each a Jack and Coke.  Once she left we started the conversations we should have had back before I started working for him.  
Logan started.  “So tell me, Rain, what exactly is going on in your life that I seemed to have missed?  How is it your military career has gotten past my investigators, and why is it your ex is trying to kill you?  I understand you gave me a cliff notes version, but I want the whole story.  I know it’s hard for you to trust people, but if I’m going to be able to help you I have to know everything.  I trusted you with my past when I don’t tell anyone about that, you need to trust your gut on this one, and I know your gut’s telling you to trust me.  So what’s going on here?”
I sat back looked across the table at Logan and sighed.  He was right.  He should know everything.  It’s not right for me to be putting him in danger, or letting him put himself in danger without knowing everything.  I finished my last bite of ice cream, downed my Jack and Coke and looked him in the eye before I started to speak.
“Do you believe everything happens for a reason?  Like everything we do in life is leading us to a point where we were originally meant to be in the first place.  Sometimes we get off track, but all-in-all, it still brings us to the same destination?”
He looked puzzled but answered, “Yes, I believe everything we do in life has a purpose and we just go along until we get to that purpose to fulfill it.  Why?”
“Because, that was something I was told long ago, but to be honest, I’m not sure if I believe that.  I think what Thomas Edison said is right: Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work. I guess the only way to completely fill you in is to start from the beginning like you did with me.
“I never had a mother, She died giving birth to me, and my father was never interested in me or anything I did because he preferred sons.  I did all kinds of boyish things trying to get him to notice me, or even to just get him to spend some time with me.  I’m scary smart when it comes to books.  I learn very quickly and I read up on cars.  I could take an engine apart and rebuild it with my eyes closed.  That got Dad to spend a little time with me since he was a mechanic, and now had free help.  My brothers were never interested in learning about mechanical things, and my sisters were all Barbies.  Eventually, the customers got tired of having a 6 year old girl running around telling them what was wrong with their vehicles by just listening to them or working on them, so Dad stopped bringing me around there.  Then, I got into all kinds of Martial Arts, Boxing, and Kickboxing, whatever I could do to take out my aggression.  I was small, but never lost.  I had too much rage that I couldn’t let go of, and used that when I was in the ring.  We’re all given some sort of skill in life.  Mine just happened to be that I’m good at beating up on people.  Dad barely noticed.  I graduated high school after one semester in when I was 15, but not before I let myself fall victim to wanting to be a regular girl and falling for the wrong boy.  He was my first and I was just a conquest to him.  After him I swore I would never let myself be used again.
“I was emancipated right after graduating, which was right before my birthday so a few weeks later I got my driver’s license and then enlisted into the military.  Originally, they don’t take anyone under 18 unless you’re close, at least 17, but I was considered an adult and they thought they could use the extra couple years to train me.  I was a prodigy.  I excelled in everything they put me in.  I was trained in almost every job field the Army has to offer as well as some of the other career fields in the other branches.  What took most men months to learn, I had down in a week if not days.  That’s what gave them the idea to start my unit and a few like mine.  Ten total to be exact.  Each team has five members, except mine had six.  I convinced them to keep Hammer, um Robert, on in my team.  I thought I loved him and I wanted him near me but in all honesty I didn’t feel he was capable of running his own team.
“I’m the best in the world at what I do, anything I do, military wise at least, and even some civilian things.  This poses a threat to some people.  The government considers me a weapon, not a person.  I’m their greatest weapon and they always have tabs on me.  They weren’t happy when I didn’t re-sign my contract and got out to have my kids.  But, my being a weapon to the government means they’d have me killed before I fell into the wrong hands.  I led my unit to all kinds of hells when we were at ‘peace’ and when we were at war.  I’ve been a spy, and posed as a hostage to get Intel. I’ve pretty much done everything that makes up people’s nightmares, and did it without a second thought.  I’m very good at compartmentalizing my life, as you said, and this was an asset the government liked.  I didn’t hesitate when I had a mark, no matter who it was.  I’ve been shot, stabbed, blown up and all of which still never stopped me from completing my missions.
“I trained the units that followed suit and were like mine.  I handpicked the people that were to be in these units and the leaders to run them, but more importantly, I overseen all of the units.  I sent them where they needed to be and if I didn’t think they could get the job done then I did it myself.  When certain people let it go to their heads or started talking, it was my job to put them down.  You know: Join the Army, meet interesting people, and then kill them.
“Since getting out, I’ve severely slacked on keeping in shape and keeping my edge with things, but when it comes down to it, I’m still considered the number one threat to a lot of people.  The government thought they lost me once, but I was just in deeper cover than they thought it’d take for me.  It turns out they found out how many countries has me as their number one target.  I guess it’s a good thing they don’t know what I look like right? That was supposed to be a joke.  Thanks for laughing…not.”
The entire time I was talking, Logan never took his eyes off of me.  He never looked scared, or like he was going to go running for cover like I expected he would.  
After a few seconds he asked, “So what does your ex have to do with trying to kill you or whatever it was you said that was about and what it’s about now?”
“Robert buttered up to me because I’m the best, plain and simply.  In these units everyone has a ranking, one through fifty or in this case fifty-one, and he’s number six.  He didn’t like that.  He didn’t like not making my team originally, and my having to convince them to let him stay a part of our team, as opposed to being in another squad.  He didn’t and still doesn’t like having to take orders from a woman, and he hated the fact that I had no intention of letting him take the reins at all, much less anytime soon.  So he started buttering up to me.  I knew why he was doing it, but I wanted to believe that there was at least one man out there that wanted me for me, and not to get something out of me, so I ignored my instincts and started a relationship with him.  
“About five months into the relationship we were on leave and when we went back we were all supposed to resign our contracts because they were up.  I found out the day before I was pregnant with Jesse, so I didn’t resign.  It made Robert happy and my unit was ecstatic for me, but the government, well, not so much.  I had Jesse with no complications and was glad to be a mom.  Robert seemed to be growing restless because they were keeping my unit close at bay unless absolutely necessary because they thought I would come back after having Jesse.  The truth was, I had thought about it but what kind of mother would I be to him if I was never there.  Jesse was about 11 months old and I wasn’t supposed to be home yet but got done at the gym early and when I came through the house I heard Robert smack Jesse.  Jesse started screaming and was completely red on the face and hands.  He had his hands up by his face and was chewing on his hands.  He was hungry and Robert thought it was funny not to feed him all day, and then eat in front of him.  I beat the shit out of Robert and threw him out on his ass along with all his stuff.  At that point, the military accepted I wasn’t going back when they heard I had just found out I was pregnant with my second child.  The funny thing was, we always used condoms.  Afterwards I found out Robert was intentionally trying to get me pregnant so I wouldn’t go back to the military.  Only, he didn’t count on it working out the way it did.
“He still didn’t get the number one slot that I had and barely got to stay in the military.  When they were stationed at home he came over one night when I was putting Jesse to bed.  He didn’t know I was pregnant again and I didn’t tell him.  I left the room for a minute tops but when I came back in, there stood Robert with a knife at Jesse’s throat while he lay there sleeping.  He told me to walk over and not do anything while he covered my mouth with a chloroform rag.  I had no other option because even though I was fast and knew I could take him out, even being pregnant, I wasn’t going to risk him being able to hurt Jesse at all.  He’s pretty quick himself and it was a chance I couldn’t take, so I did as I was told.  
“When I came to, I had my hands cuffed behind my back and my ankles tied together.  I already had a splitting headache and could only see out of one eye because he had been beating me while I was unconscious.  My head was split open, as was my nose and lips.  My eyebrows were busted and my other eye was swelling to the point where soon I wasn’t going to be able to see out of it.  I had a broken arm, which was easy to tell by the bone sticking out of the skin and I wasn’t sure what else at that point.
“He sat there looking at me laughing when I groaned a little from my ribs.  Seven broken.  He said he knew that as long as I was alive he would never be taken seriously, and he would never get to be number one.  I laughed at him and told him even without me he’d still never be number one.  That provoked him and he got up to kick me again, only I already had the cuffs undone and with my one good arm I grabbed his foot knocking him on his ass.  I cuffed his left arm and right leg together behind his back and did the same with the opposite arm and leg in front of him.  I should have just killed him them, but I realized I was starting to bleed.  
“At that moment I told him I was pregnant and he probably managed to just kill his own child instead of me.  He laughed and said, ‘He would kill both of the little bastards’.  So I knocked him out and called my team, Shadow being first.  She came to get me and Jesse and take me to the hospital while the rest of the team went to my house to get Robert and ‘play’ for lack of a better word, but when they got there, he was gone.  He’s been on the run from them ever since.  Hence the reason for my confusion as to why he’d surface now and so openly, much less come after me.  It would make more sense for him to kill them off first before coming for me.”
That’s when it hit me.  “OH, FUCK! I have to call them and get them here to warn them.”  
I started to walk out with this on my mind but Logan stopped me.  “Look, I know what it took for you to tell me this, and I’m happy you trusted me enough to do that, but please don’t just run off on me now.  I’m not scared or running and I want you to stick around.”
He sounded so sincere I wasn’t sure how to take this.  Both times I trusted a man I thought cared about me I got used and hurt.  Then again, this man has put himself out there more than any other man ever has just to help me and keep me and my kids safe.
I softened a little.  “Logan, I’m just going for my phone real quick.  I need to make a couple of calls and then I’ll be back in here to finish this discussion.  I’m not running off anywhere.  One thing you’ll learn about me is, I don’t scare easily and won’t be intimidated by someone that is so dark.  Albert Einstein said: In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity.  My life may be difficult at the moment, and has been the entire time, but I’ve had plenty of opportunities to make things better.  I’ll be right back.”
I walked into the living room and picked up my purse, but immediately the hairs on the back of my neck started standing on end.  I closed my eyes and listened to what was going on in the house that could be making me feel this.  In the meantime I was slowly hiking up my dress and getting out my weapon.  A Beretta 92FS, semi-automatic.  I can hear Logan in the Dining room, his housekeeper in the kitchen, Dante and Justin still in the Game room to my right, but that was all the people that were supposed to be in the house. Gun in hand and eyes still closed I listened a little more closely and then I found it.  
There, in the closet by the front door.  I took my cell phone out of my purse and kept my gun hidden with the purse and calmly walked to the door like there was nothing wrong.  As soon as I got past the closet door I spun, opened it and found Cera standing there with a gun in hand, fumbling, trying to get a better grip on it as I took it from here before she had a chance to do anything with it, and yanked her out of the closet.  I was impressed, even in four inch heels it didn’t stop me from being exactly how I used to be and this kind of made me miss the action. 
Then again, I was pissed!  I knew there was something wrong with this Bitch and now she’s here, in Logan’s house, with a gun, well, without one now, when there’s not supposed to be anyone here.  I kicked here in the stomach to drop her and then a quick knee to the face before I knelt over her with my gun to her head and yelling for Logan.
He came running into the living room only to skid to a stop when he caught the whole scene and looking at Cera as if she were an alien.
I was seething by the time I spoke.  “Do you mind telling me what the fuck is going on?  I come in here to get my phone and sense someone here and find her in the closet with a gun pointed at me.”  
At this point Justin and Dante are running into the room as well because they heard the commotion of me pulling Cera out of the closet and knocking her down.  They stood there with the same dumb look on their face as Logan had on his.  
Logan stumbled through his response still shocked by what he saw.  “Rain, I swear I have no idea what she’s doing here.  I didn’t even know she knew how to get into my house.  Dante had just done a security sweep before we left to get you.  We were only gone for a total of 30 minutes max, plus there’s a security system.”
Logan pointed to his system and I rolled my eyes upon seeing it.  “You know, Logan, for someone who has top of the line things you sure do have a shit security system.  I can disarm that in less than ten seconds, which is what she did I’m sure.”
I turned back to Cera laying on the floor with her nose and lip bleeding smiling up at me.  
At this point it was as if my blood was boiling over with my rage.  “What do you find so amusing, Cera? You’re on your back with a gun to your head.  What possible outcome do you think you’re going to have where this doesn’t end badly for you?”
Cera sneered her response to my question.  “What’s wrong, Wolf? Were you scared?  Are you now?  You should be!  You’re going to die very soon, in a very painful way.”
Hmmm….this woman knows my nickname for the military. “Well, Cera, we all die at some point, that’s not the important part.  What’s important is how you lived your life and how painful I can make your death.”
Logan, Justin and Dante all seemed to make a squeamish face when I made my remark.  Apparently me being overly violent is something most people still have a hard time fathoming from me.
She started laughing.  “This coming from someone with over 600 kills on her belt, really?  How is it you think you’ve lived your life?  Did you think you could just walk away and no one would come for you?”
Cera then spoke, “Вы собираетесь умереть ужасной мучительной смертью, и скоро ваши дети будут страдать от худшей участи, как только мы их в руках. Они будут сначала просто мучить тебя дальше, то, когда ты просил, чтобы умереть, вам будет выведен из ваших страданий.”
“Тот факт, что вы даже думаете, что вы сможете приблизиться к моим детям показывают свою глупость и просто стоить вам сделать самую большую ошибку в своей жизни. Расскажите своим боссам Я иду за ними и я не буду останавливаться, пока у меня есть головы на моей стене. Никто никогда не приблизится мои дети, а тем более причинить им вред. Вы будете первыми узнавать этот урок.”
Justin spoke up now, “Uh, Translation.”
I answered, “she said you're going to die a horrible painful death and soon your children will suffer a worse fate once we have them in hand.  They'll be first, just to torture you further, then, when you're begging to die, you'll be put out of your misery.”
“Okay and you said what?”
“I told her: The mere fact that you even think you'll be able to come near my children shows your stupidity and just cost you to make the biggest mistake of your life. I'm coming for your bosses and I won’t stop until I have their heads on my wall.  No one will ever come near my children; much less hurt them.  You're going to be the first to learn this lesson.”
Logan spoke this time.  “Okay there’s another thing I didn’t have on file for you.  I didn’t know you knew Russian.  That’s what that was, Russian correct?”
My answer was almost harsh.  “Yes, Logan, that was Russian.  Dante how about you take Cera here and find some kind of chair to tie her to and watch her to make sure she doesn’t move.  Justin, do another quick sweep of the house to make sure there’s no more sleepers.  Logan, please call my house and check in with Ben and Andrew and tell them what just happened so they know to keep their eyes open and ready for whatever comes down, but not to alert the kids.  Also, tell them to tell Gary what’s going on.  I need to make that phone call now”
They all jumped into action as I stepped out onto the front porch and immediately dug my phone out of my purse.  I had to take a few seconds to steady myself though.  No one, and I repeat, NO ONE will ever hurt my kids.  Especially not because of who I am, or was.  
I dialed a number that wasn’t programmed into the phone on the second ring Jill answered.  “Hey, it’s Rain.  I don’t know what you guys are doing, but I need all of you here in Atlanta by tomorrow.  We need to talk in person.  Can you make that?  Okay that’s fine, 10 is fine, come to the WINTERS building downtown.  When you guys get there tell the receptionist you’re here for me.  She’ll call me and I’ll have to go down for you but then we can come up and be in a private conference room.  You know I wouldn’t be calling unless it was that urgent.  Okay, well tell the guys I’ll see you all tomorrow.  Bye, Jill.  Thanks”
Immediately I deleted the number from the phone although I wondered if I was doing it out of habit since it was a burner phone that couldn’t be traced.  I stuck it back into my purse and went back inside to finish my conversation with Cera.   However, I didn’t make it that far into the house before I heard the commotion.  I ran to the dining room kicking off the heels in the process and ran smack into Logan flying backwards.  Dante was on the floor, as was Justin, but Cera was still tied to the chair so it couldn’t have been her that did this.  
Another sleeper is in the house somewhere, and nearby.  I had to have just missed him.  I checked on all three men and tried to act casual.  All three were still breathing and no signs of broken bones, and there it was.  Someone rushing up behind me.
I jumped up and half ran up the wall managing a back flip. This huge man ran smack into the wall but spun swinging.  I dodged all of his swings but knew I wasn’t going to keep getting this lucky with three men lying unconscious on the floor around me for me to trip over.  I backed into the living room and that’s when the fighting really began.  He rushed me, only this time I couldn’t get away.  He had me in a bear hug and was squeezing.  I could feel my ribs getting ready to pop if I didn’t do something soon.  I boxed his ears and this seemed to temporarily stun him long enough for me to catch my breath and begin my assault.  It wasn’t hard to see that I was definitely out of shape because I was much slower and weaker than I used to be, but I was still quick enough to sweep his feet and get him on his back.  I had the advantage when he was on the ground.  I started punching him in the face with one hand while with the other I grabbed his Adams apple just right, to where he knew if he moved, then he’d be dead within a matter of seconds.
Logan, Justin and Dante started coming around at this point, and once they seen the man on the floor with me on top of him, they remembered what the hell happened and was going on.  Apparently this man snuck in while we were there, killed the housekeeper and was in the kitchen.  When Justin was doing a secondary sweep of the house he came across him and so began the show.  Only, they found themselves a little outmatched.  They all looked a little stunned that I had this man on the floor with him not moving seemingly beaten.
With my hand still clutched around his Adams apple I reached out with the other.  Logan seemed to know what it was that I wanted and grabbed my phone from my purse and handed it to me.  He held it while I dialed another number, and then he handed me the phone.
“General, it’s Harv; I think we have a big problem here.  Well, I have a Russian assassin tied to a chair that threatened me and my children, and another that I’m sitting on with his throat in my hand.  Do you mind filling me in on what’s going on?  WHAT?!? WHAT THE FUCK DO YOU MEAN? THIS IS BULLSHIT AND WHAT YOU’RE SUPPOSED TO PREVENT!  HOW COULD MY IDENTITY AND POSITION BE LEAKED AND YOU JUST BE FINDING OUT ABOUT IT? Of course!  I should have seen that one coming!  No, don’t worry about it. Send someone to collect these two jackasses until I can get there to question them.  In the meantime my team is on their way here.  I’ll take care of this myself, since you obviously can’t.  Don’t give me any of that shit!  If I was that valuable you would have made damn sure this never happened, but you didn’t, so I’ll clean up your mess just like I have since I was 18 and deployed the first time, which got me into this mess in the first place.  You know exactly where I am.  You never lost track of me so don’t play games with me, I’m not in the mood after the night I’ve just had. Exactly, I may not be active but that doesn’t mean I forgot everything.  You got five minutes before I start beating on this guy myself.  If either make a move I will just kill them here and now and you can pick up their bodies.  DON’T TELL ME NOT TO BE SO HOSTILE WHEN THEY THREATENED MY CHILDREN’S LIFE! Bullshit! People are in the military and have families all the time so don’t tell me that having a family while in the military is reckless.  I may be different but I’m still human, which you seem to forget.  Five minutes.  I mean it.  Your time starts now!”
At that point Logan slowly leaned over to Justin and whispered, “Remind me never to piss her off.”  All three men laughed but it was a laugh of intimidation more than comical.
When I hung up I deleted the number again, I think it’s still automatic, but when I look up I saw all three men looking at me with questions all over their faces.  
 “Not now. Is Cera still secure?”  Dante went to look and came back pulling the chair with Cera in it with him.  Justin finished his second sweep and came back saying those were the only two.  Logan took my phone and put it back in my purse.
Within the five minutes span the gate buzzer was going off and a government truck was pulling up.  They took Cera and the man with them.  After they were gone I turned to get my things but seen that I wasn’t going to make it out of that house that easily without explaining what had just happened.
I tried rushing through my explanation as best as possible.  “Cera was a Russian spy sent here to confirm my identity and try to get close to me so she can get my children.  The Russians want to torture and kill my kids in front of me and then kill me.  He was her enforcer.  He’s the number one guy, so to speak, the Russians have, which is why he took you three down so easily.  It’s no longer safe for any of you.  The Russians know I’m working for you, Logan, and this is proof they’ll come after you too.  Robert leaked my identity to them to try to get them to do his dirty work.  I should go before I put you in any more danger.”
Logan immediately jumped in front of me stopping me from leaving.  “Whoa, whoa, whoa, hold up a minute there.  Dante and Justin, please excuse us. Look, Rain, I know I’m not as deadly as you are, but I’m also no coward.  I told you, I fell in love with you and as long as you’re alive I’m not letting anyone scare me away from you or those kids.”
He pulled me into an embrace and it was at that point that I realized I was shaking.  I wasn’t sure if I was shaking from the adrenaline, the thought of someone hurting my children, or the fact that someone almost hurt this man hugging me.  I don’t even know why I cared that he was almost hurt, but the fact that someone tried made me even angrier and I still couldn’t figure it out.
I looked up at him, then grabbed him by the hair and pulled him down to where I was able to kiss him.  He lifted me by my hips so I was even with him and he didn’t have to stoop.  I didn’t realize he was this muscly but it turned me on.  Again, I was unaware as to why because I’ve met lots of men that had more muscles than Logan but I wasn’t attracted to them in the least.  I was tired of thinking, I deepened the kiss.  The way our tongues danced together was like our mouths were molded for each other.  Logan was moving but at that point I barely noticed and didn’t care much.  He carried me up the stairs and to the left where the master suite was.  He set me on my knees on an ottoman at the foot of the bed before he took a step back and looked at me.
“Rain, I’m not just another man that wants to take advantage of you.  I want this to be a permanent thing if you decide it’s what you want to.  I’m definitely not trying to rush you and if you don’t want to do this tonight I definitely understand.  I want you to let me know when you’re ready.  Just know that no matter what, nothing’s going to chase me away from you.”
His look was so sincere; I couldn’t help but believe him.  Besides even with the other two guys I never felt what I’m feeling now.  I stepped off the ottoman and onto the floor and slipped the silk dress off of my shoulders and to the floor then slipped out of my bra and thong.  
Finally, I slipped the gun holster from my thigh.  Once they were on the floor I walked over to the bed and lay down.  Logan’s breath seemed to catch in his throat when he was trying to undo his shirt, but kept missing and unable to unbutton it.  He was to me by that point and leaning with one knee on the bed, still trying to undo his shirt and still fumbling.  I sat up and ripped his shirt open to send buttons flying everywhere.  He gave me a devilish smile, and then took off his pants, and finally his boxers.
His erection sprang out of his pants and this time it was my turn to have my breath catch in my throat.  He was huge.  At least eleven inches long and four inches around.  The only time I’ve ever seen a man so big was in the weird ass porn Robert used to watch.  He saw what caught my attention, but didn’t make me feel bad about being as inexperienced as I was.
“Umm…Logan, this isn’t going to work, I mean you’re, and I’ve never been with someone that’s that...  What I’m trying to say is…ummm. I don’t know.  I know there’s no way in hell that I can take that though.”
Logan just smiled and told me to lay back and let him do all the work.  Well, this is a change.  My first encounter was just a whole three minute episode that did nothing for me, and with Robert, generally it was over before I could get into it, unless he had me be on top and then it was pretty well the same case.
I lay there as Logan made his way to the bottom of the bed.  He started by kissing each of my toes on my right foot and all the way up my leg to my hip bone.  Then he went back down and repeated this with my left leg.  Once he got to my left hip bone I was already going mad. I was scratching and clawing at him trying to get him to do something, although, I didn’t know what.  No man has ever had me to this point. 
Hell, I’ve never felt what I was feeling right then, which I wasn’t sure what.  Logan kept going upward slowly.  He kissed my stomach which made that pull in my lower belly start blazing.  He got to my breasts and with one hand cupped he pinched my nipple while rolling it around in his hands and doing the same with the other nipple with his mouth.  I arched my back and pulled his mouth onto me harder.  I couldn’t believe the things this man was making me feel.  With his free hand, he was slowly tracing my side down to my hip.  Once he got to my thigh he slowly picked up my leg and bent it to sit it back on the bed.  Then, he moved that hand in between my thighs.  He already had me on the brink but as soon as his finger touched my clitoris I started convulsing almost, in my first orgasm.  He sat back and let me come down from my high, before he continued.
This time, when he continued he made his way down my stomach with his mouth and got to my pelvis.  I sat straight up, almost horrified, “Logan, I’ve never”. 
“I figured as much, just lay back and trust me.” 
I did as he said, and then I figured out what all the fuss was about.  Logan slowly moved his mouth down to my clitoris, where he licked ever so lightly.  This made me arch again with wanting.  Then he went in a little more aggressively and sucked on my clitoris.  I couldn’t help the moans that escaped from me.   I’ve never had someone put this much attention into giving me pleasure.  He moved further south and stuck his tongue inside me.  I let out a loud squeal then, which he seemed to like, so he began to quicken his pace.  All the while those fireworks in my stomach were building again and I was about to explode for a second time. 
I don’t know how much more of this I can stand.  Then he moved back up to my clitoris and began the torture there as well, while he was also fingering me.  I was feeling the build from both assaults, and then, within less than a minute, I exploded again.  While I was still coming down from this high, Logan slowly moved up to where he could position himself between my thighs.  He eased himself into me slowly, which caused me to orgasm again from the expansion and mere insertion of his erection.  He began at a slow pace moving in and out letting me come back to reality, but once I was back to reality, that was it.  I grabbed a hold of his ass and pulled him into me as hard as possible.  This man has done something that no other man has ever been able to do.  He made me feel like a real woman when I didn’t even know I could feel that.  He didn’t run when the danger started, and he’s just trying to be here for me.  All I want right now is to give this man as much pleasure as he’s given me.  
I flipped him over quickly, which surprised him, and began grinding my hips on him.  I wasn’t really sure what I was doing, but judging by the look on his face, it couldn’t have been as bad as Robert used to tell me I was.  Logan seemed to be enjoying it.  I’d let him get close to the edge, then I’d stop.  This confused him and he just looked at me.  I’d lean down and kiss him to keep him occupied.  Once he started calming some, I’d start again.  After about the fourth or fifth time of me doing this, he shouted he couldn’t take it anymore and flipped me back to my back and started such a quick rhythm that got me built up too.  Within a few minutes we were both so close to the edge that all it took was me exploding and squeezing him with my thighs that he finally came too.  He yelled my name when he came, which threw me off a little.  
I was always told I was bad at sex, yet this man seemed like he could go for days with me.  Maybe it’s just my imagination though.
We lay there for a few minutes and then we went into his bathroom to shower.  I noticed he was looking at me in an odd way through the mirror so I turned to ask why. 
 He says, “I never knew you had tattoos, and that many.  I’m just wondering what they all mean.”
I smiled, okay, that wasn’t as bad as I thought.  I told him I’d tell him about them all one day, but right now we needed to shower and I needed to get home because I have a lot of preparing to do.
After the shower when we were getting dressed, I felt awkward because I’ve never asked a man this before, but I told Logan I’d like him to stay at my place tonight so I can fill him in on what’s going to be happening from here on out until I finish what’s going on, and what I’ll need from him.  He instantly obliged, almost happily, and got a bag with clothes around and yelled for Dante to do the same.  
Twenty minutes later we were pulling into my driveway and I instantly felt better once I was inside and seen the kids.  I had all the guards doing random sweeps of the house and grounds as well as bringing in twelve extra guards to keep an eye on the house and grounds that way Ben and Andrew, as well as Justin and Gary now can put their full attention to protecting the kids.
The twelve new guards were there within the hour and reported to Gary for their assignments.
Once I knew all was going well, I laid down to try to get a little sleep before tomorrow, seeing as how I was going to need all the rest I could get. I have to admit, falling asleep in Logan’s arms was a lot easier than I would have thought. 
That night I had another dream, flash back, whatever it’s called.   
We were in Russia and our mission was to eliminate the warlord that was on the throne at the time.  He was a large man but the kill was quick and efficient.  I threw one knife while he had his back turned and it went through the back of his neck severing the spinal cord and his jugular.  He went down quietly and we thought all was well, but as I went to retrieve my knife, leaving no evidence, another man walked in.  Younger, but looking very similar to the man I just killed.  The look he gave me was almost unnerving.  He did nothing but look at me, almost like he was committing my face to memory.
I sat straight up.  I know I‘ve seen that man recently.  Who was that?  I’m going to have to find out because I’m betting he’s the key to this.  Somehow, he has something to do with what’s going on now.  I don’t know how, but those big chocolate eyes that are almost black have something in them.  The icy look he gave me.  There was something in that look.  I’m not sure whether it was relief or hatred.  
I wonder what’s bringing this up now.  Why am I remembering these things now? Maybe it’s the fact that Cera and the Russian threatened the kids. Maybe it’s because now I have to get back into my position if I want any kind of security for my children, as well as take out their own father for causing these problems.  Tomorrow and the following days are going to be very long and hard.







CHAPTER 7
You Can Never Escape Your Past

This morning I was up at about 5 A.M.  I couldn’t sleep at all last night and kept thinking I was hearing or seeing things.  This was exactly what Robert wanted, me paranoid and worried about the kids.  I finally gave up on trying to sleep and started getting my things ready to go.  
First, I made my way into the closet and got my weapons and clothes ready and into the bag, along with all my ammo I had on hand.  I packed enough clothes for a week.  From there I would just have to wing it, like always.  Secondly, I made my way into my office and sat there looking at the blank screen for a while.  Then, I finally got over the fact that I was doing something I never thought I would have to do.  
I was writing out a Will in case something happened to me.  I started with listing that all things are left to my children, who will be left in the custody of Jill Green if anything were to happen to me.  She is their Godmother so that makes sense.  If she is unable to take care of them because of an accident work or death then they are to be left in the custody of Christiaan Facko, their Godfather.  Again, if he is unable to care for them due to injury or death then they are to go to the care of…that was where I stopped and hesitated.  I didn’t have anyone else.  Dad was almost dead and the rest of my team arent family people, other than the family we have with each other.  It only took me about 30 seconds to decide, and I don’t know what it was that made me think of it but if Christiaan Facko is unable to care for the children due to injury, work or death then they go to the care of Logan Winters.  I knew he would take care of them.  
I’m not quite sure how I knew he’d care for them but I just did.  I printed the paper and signed it, then went to find Gary because I knew he would be up.  Once I had found him I had him sign as the witness.  His eyes widened when he read it and he gave me that look that a father would normally give a daughter.  He seemed almost regretful.  
When I started to walk away he spoke quietly.  “Rain, I know I’m not as elite as you or your team but I can be of use.  I was hoping to tag along since I know you’re leaving to make your move now.”
His sentiment actually brought tears to my eyes.  This man I’ve known a week is willing to risk his life to help me and my children.  I hated having to tell him no but I needed him here.  “Gary, as much as I appreciate it, I need you here.  I know you can handle your own and I need to know my children will be safe while I try to get rid of the threat.  As of right now, their father is the biggest one and he’s at the top of my list so no matter what, make sure you don’t let anyone get past you saying I gave them permission.  Other than Mr. Winters and Dante, the people that are working here are the only ones that should be here.”
He lowered his head and quietly said, “I understand, but here me on this.  He’s still their father so it will be hard on you when the time comes.  When it gets to the point of you or him, don’t hesitate, because he doesn’t deserve to win.  You’re needed here.  He isn’t needed at all.”
I thanked Gary and told him where to find my will in the case it’s needed.  When I got back to the room Logan was starting to stir.  He was feeling around and when he noticed I wasn’t in the bed he sat straight up yelling for me.  I told him to quiet down because I was right there.  He gave me the most sincere, and most scared look I’ve ever seen.
Logan whispered to me, “Rain, I know you’re the best in the world, but you’ve been out of the game for almost five years.  I’m scared of losing you.  What would I do?  What would the kids do?”
He looked horrified and it was gut wrenching.  I finally find someone that genuinely cared about me and I have so much danger surrounding us that we may never get to be together.  I’ve never known what it was like to be loved other than the love of my children but I knew at that moment this man does love me and I do love him.
Oh wait, what? I love him. Hmm…he’s the first man I’ve ever fallen in love with and now this.  Great.  Just my luck.  I told him I was going into my office quickly and would be back in the room in a few minutes.  
While he was getting dressed I was writing two letters.  One to my kids telling them that if I’m not around, I only left them to protect them and I was sorry for not being able to get back to them, but for them to know how much I loved them.  So much so, that I walked into the Valley of Death willingly to keep them safe.  I told Jesse to always look after his sister and told Rory to treasure her brother always because all they had was each other.  I told them I loved them again, then folded it up and put it in an envelope addressed to them and set it aside to write one more.
Logan,
You’ll never know how much you’ve changed my life in the short time I’ve known you, and you’ve changed it for the better.  You made me open up and feel a part of myself that I didn’t even know existed.  I’ll never regret meeting you and will always be grateful for everything you’ve done for me and the kids.  You’re the first and only man I’ve ever loved and I should have told you that before I left but I was too scared to.  Always remember, what I did, I did to protect the three people I love.  Never regret our time together as I don’t.  I thought every man was the same until I met you.
Time is the best teacher: Unfortunately it kills all of its students.  I was told once: To live is the rarest thing in the world.  Most people merely exist, that is all.  All this time I didn’t understand that, but I do now.  I just existed until I met you and after, I lived.  Even though I fought it every step of the way because I didn’t like the attraction I felt towards you from day one.  You made me come alive and if you’re reading this, then know I died feeling more alive than I ever have protecting you and my children.  I don’t regret that choice and would make it again.  
Please don’t look back on this and be angry that things couldn’t have worked differently.  Just accept you changed my life.  Accept that I loved you.
Love always,
Rain.
When I was finished with this letter I did the same as the other.  I folded it up, put it in an envelope and sealed it, with it being addressed to him.  I went and gave both of these to Gary.  I didn’t have to tell him what they were for, because he already knew.  He took them, looked at me, and shook his head.  
Gary said very lowly, “Hopefully the time won’t come for these, Rain, but if it does, I’ll take care of it.”
I didn’t say anything to him I just smiled and walked away.  This man has seen what he thought was the worst, but I think he was seeing his worst nightmare now.  This was why he got out of the military, and yet he’s in the same situation he was in many other times with lots of other soldiers.
Soldier.  That’s funny.  I’ve never been referred to as a soldier, even though that was what I was supposed to be.  Instead I was always referred to as a weapon.  At first I took pride in that, but after a while I started wondering why I was only a weapon and not a person.
At about 7 the kids were up and dressed and coming down for breakfast when they stopped short.  Jesse looked at me, and after seeing what I was wearing, he teared up.  I went over to him and asked why he was crying.
Jesse mumbled between his sobs, “Mommy, I know what those clothes mean.  They mean you’re leaving us for work.  The work you did before you had me. Why are you leaving us?  Did we do something wrong?”
Immediately my regret sprang to the surface.  How could I have even let my kids think this?  “No, Jesse, definitely not!  You and your sister are so important to me, and you could never do anything so bad to make me leave you.  You’re right.  I am leaving for work for a while, but it’s to help Auntie Jill and Uncle Christiaan.  I have to help them catch some bad guys.  I don’t want to leave you, but they really need Mommy’s help.  While I’m gone you’re going to have Ben, Andrew, Gary, Justin, Hazel, Becky and Katie here looking after you and making sure you get everything you need.  You have to make Mommy proud and take care of sissy while I’m gone, and do all your homework and do what Becky asks you to do okay?”
Jesse stopped tearing up because he understood getting the bad guys was important.  He had way more intuition than most kids his age did, or even twice his age.
“One more thing, Jesse, while I’m gone you listen to those feelings you get.  When you know someone is bad, or feel like someone is watching you or sissy and they shouldn’t be, you make sure you tell Ben right away, or whoever is closest to you.  Make sure you also tell Gary as soon as you can.  You’re a smart boy and you know when something isn’t right.  Trust yourself because that will keep you and Rory safe.  Do you understand what I mean?”
He shook his head yes and I could see he knew exactly what I meant.  We all ate breakfast together while we watched the new security team make their sweeps.  Out of the blue, Logan announced He and Dante would be staying at my house while I was gone to keep an extra eye on the kids as well.  I wasn’t surprised like I thought I would be.  I almost was expecting it.  
At 8 it was time for the kids to go to school, only this time they were going with an army.  They had Ben, Andrew, Justin, Gary, and Dante with them.  I was a little surprised Logan was sending his personal bodyguard to guard my children but didn’t question it.  Right now, I’ll take all the help I can get.  Saying good-bye to them, however, was the hardest thing I’ve ever done.  It really felt like I was never going to see them again, and I think they felt the same way, because they seemed to hug me a little tighter and for a little longer.  Then, as they pulled out of the driveway and on their way to school I went back to get my bag I had left in my bedroom. 
When I turned around, Logan was standing in the doorway looking at me.  
“What Logan?”  I asked.
He replies, “Somehow this feels like some sort of alternate universe.  I mean for the past three years I’ve watched you and never seen you like this.  There’s so much I know about you, but yet there’s still so much I need to know.  I’ve always seen you as a serious business woman, and a doting mother, but right now you look like…well like G.I. Jane.”
This made me chuckle a little bit.  I supposed he’s right.  I was in my BDU pants, black combat boots, a black tee shirt, hair in a tight bun, and had a duffle bag with all kinds of fun toys and similar clothing.
.	.	.	.	.	.	.	.	.	.	.	.
It was time for us to go as well.  I started to send Logan in a different vehicle just as a precaution, but then I remembered that he sent Dante with the kids, so he’d be open and exposed.  On the ride to the office I told him I thought it would be a good idea for him to get another bodyguard if he was planning to keep sending Dante with my kids.  He didn’t agree, but he didn’t disagree either.  He’s holding something back from me and I need to know now.
We pulled up in front of the WINTERS building and got out.  I grabbed my duffle bag and he grabbed his briefcase.  When we started into the building everyone was looking at me and backing away as if I were on fire.  I couldn’t help but smirk at the looks I was getting.  They were somewhat amusing.  
Once in the elevator Logan put in the passcode and we shot up to the top floor.  Berdina greeted us immediately as she was taking in my appearance.  I told Logan we needed to talk right away.  He nodded but didn’t say anything.  I think he knew what was coming.
Inside his office with the door closed, I turned to him and calmly asked, “What is it you’re not telling me, Logan?  You’re too calm for a civilian that just went through what you did last night and then to be sending off your bodyguard with no plan on getting a new one soon tells me you’re hiding something, and I want to know exactly what it is before my team gets here.  I’m tired of surprises.”
Logan pauses for about a nanosecond before answering.  “Rain, I’m not a civilian.  Along with owning these companies I had a job before my parents passing, which I kept.  These companies, though I do run them to the best of my ability, is a good cover.  I work for Homeland Security assessing possible threats and targets for them. Maybe now you understand why I was as confused as to how there is so much about you that slipped by me.  Your name came across my desk to look into as a possible threat but I never knew why.  I was only told it was a possibility you were passing intelligence to foreign countries.  I never found anything concrete on you, or even subtle for that matter, and told my boss that but was told to keep an eye on you.  I did as I was told and the longer I watched you the more I fell for you.  I understand there are a lot of things about you that I don’t know but there are also some things about me that you don’t know.  Those are things we can work around, because I meant what I said.  I fully intend on keeping you in my life if I can.  I love you.”
I stood there looking at this man and assessing him as he was talking and as much as I wanted to drop kick him for not telling me this before sleeping with me, I believed him and still believed he was sincere in how he felt about me.  So, I shook my head and turned around to call in Berdina. 
Once in the office she looked from me to Logan and back again before asking, “Is there anything I can get for you Mr. Winters, Ms. Harvey?”
“You can drop the act now, Berdina.  Would you like to tell him or shall I?”  She looked a little stunned and stepped back, but then regained her composure.  Logan, on the other hand, didn’t look as steady.  She made no attempt to start the conversation so I did.
I stated, “Berdina, here, is no ordinary assistant.  She works for the government as well.  One of my units, I’m betting.  Am I right Berdina?”
She answered very matter-of-factly.  “Yes.  You’re right.  I’m number twelve.  I was put in this office as a spy to make sure Logan did his job, but also to make sure you weren’t compromised.  Something I obviously failed at.  You chose me right before leaving. I was the leader of team three.  I’ve been searching for Hammer trying to find him somewhere and keep coming up blank.  The Russians that were sent last night, though, are only the first.  If they’re not back to report in by tomorrow, with your children in tow, then the boss will be sending his top ten squads.  I’ve been able to pick up certain communications and coms, but nothing concrete.  They keep changing their plans.  As far as Hammer goes, the last I heard, he was being sent here to try to snipe you off on your first day.”
At that, she stopped and took a step back while watching Logan and me.  Logan looked stunned.  “How the hell did you know she was one of you and when did you first figure it out?”
I smirked.  It was all I could do at those kinds of questions.  “I knew the first day.  You see there are certain ways we speak, certain movements we make, looks we give, and certain efficiencies to us.  It’s not something that can be duplicated.  I knew right off as soon as she spoke to me.  After all, I am the one that trains them.  I just didn’t know why she was here.  I was going to let it be and wait it out, but with the problems I have at the moment, waiting is a luxury we don’t have.”
I then turned to address Berdina.  “Berdina, my team will be here in a few moments.   And by a few moments I’d say about a minute, so would you be so kind as to go down and get them and bring them up.  I’m sure you know what they look like.  If not, you know what to look for with the four of them.”
“Yes, Mam.”  It was a curt but efficient reply.
At that, she left and all the while Logan was still grumbling about how he’s the one in the intelligence business and yet it seems like everyone else seems to have more of it and gets it faster.  Plus he wasn’t too happy that he didn’t know about Berdina.
I tried to pacify him, or distract him I guess.  “Logan: Two things are infinite…The Universe and Human Stupidity.  And I’m not sure about the Universe.”
“Who said that?”
“Albert Einstein.  He was a genius.  You shouldn’t worry so much about the small things you don’t know and worry more about the bigger things you need to know.  Take life day by day and enjoy it.  Are you living or just existing?”
He just looked at me and didn’t have time to reply because right after that the elevator doors opened and out stepped Berdina, Shadow, Cobra, Ghost, and Striker.
I walked out of Logan’s office smirked at them and headed towards the conference room.  They followed me and began to shut the door when I stopped Striker.  “Wait.  Berdina and Logan join us.”
I got all kinds of funny looks from the four stone faces but once the door was closed I sat down a small machine and flipped the switch.  No one within a 10 mile radius can bounce off of anything, including the cell phones to hear what was going on in that room.  I knew there was a reason Logan had a lead lined conference room but never would’ve guessed this was why.
I started making the introductions then. “Guys this is Logan Winters.  He’s the one that not only owns these companies, but he also works for Homeland Security.  Logan, I bet these four have files that came across your desk as well, right?”  
He shook his head yes.  I continued then.  
“This is Berdina.  She’s number twelve and was stationed here to try to keep my cover as well as keep an eye on Logan.  She’s been tracking Hammer and the Russians that attacked me last night.”  
“Wait a sec, Boss.  What the hell do you mean the Russians that attacked?  We heard about one.”   It was Ghost.  
So I filled them in on the rest of what happened last night.  I also told them what Intel Berdina managed to gather from the Russian coms.  
Then I finished the introductions.  “Logan, this is Jill Green AKA Shadow, She’s my number two.” 
He looked her up and down, which almost made me jealous but I don’t think he was looking at her that way.  Of course she was gorgeous.  Five feet two inches, long blonde hair kept in a tight bun similar to mine, and a body and face of a model.  Madison didn’t look much different, other than the fact that she was four inches taller and had red hair.  
“This is Madison Zator AKA Cobra.  The gentleman to your left is Jojo Fisher AKA Striker and finally the man moving about that you didn’t notice as he came up behind you is Christiaan Facko AKA Ghost.”  
Ghost and Striker were both big men.  Bigger than the men that were hired for my kid’s bodyguards.  But then again, very few men were as big as Ghost and Striker.  They were both about six feet six inches easily without their boots and almost as wide as the doorway to the conference room.  All four of my team was dressed identically to me, as well as having a duffle bag slung over their shoulder crossing their torso.
Jill continued, “So now that were all acquainted here, how about you tell us what the plan is, Wolf, so we know what we’re doing.  I’ll be damned if that fucker is going to hurt you or those babies again.”  
At that they all seemed to notice Logan tighten his jaw and they looked to me as to question why.
My answer to their unspoken questions was brief.  “I told him everything.  He knows all about what I did and how I got into this situation in the first place.”
“HA! And he hasn’t run away screaming yet?  Not bad for a federal weenie.”  Of course it was Ghost.  
Logan turned to say something to him but by the time he spun Ghost was already around to the other side of the table. 
Logan stammered, “Okay, first of all, now I understand why they call you Ghost. (We all laughed.) Secondly, I’m not some federal weenie.  I love Rain and I’m not going to stand by while some Jackass tries to hurt her or the kids.  If that means that I get hurt then so be it, but I’ll die before letting someone hurt those kids.  I’d say the same for Rain but I’m sure she’d just knock me on my ass again.”
He grinned at me while the others burst into laughter.  
“Sounds like Wolf hasn’t lost her touch, even after all these years playing house.”  It was Striker of course.  
I spun and knocked him on his ass them with my knife at his throat.  He grinned up at me.  The others were cracking up hysterically, all except for Logan.  He looked scared, of what I wasn’t sure though.  
“Playing house is for little girls.  I don’t see any little girls around here, do you?  All I see are weapons.  What do you see?”  I said it with a hint of sarcasm. 
He still found it amusing.  “Okay, boss I get it you’re still the best and I shouldn’t tease you.”
I laughed and let him up while putting my knife back in my boot, and Logan seemed to relax immediately.  We talked a little further about what we were going to have to do and what the best plan was.  Hammer is obviously the biggest threat right now, but if Cera and her enforcer don’t check in by noon tomorrow then the Russians would be sending their top ten teams to eliminate me and my family.  One man or fifty?  It was hard to decide what the bigger threat was.  We didn’t have to wait long. 
I heard the ping of the elevator before I seen the doors slide open.  I was immediately at the door to the conference room.  The only people with the access code to get up here were in the room with me so that left one person.  Robert had to have hotwired the elevator, bypassing the security code.  I walked out of the conference room just as he stepped out of the elevator and turned to me.  It was a stare down for about 30 seconds then he looked past me and noticed the others.  
He sneered the names of the others in acknowledgement.  “Shadow, Striker, Cobra, Ghost.  Nice to see you all again.  Oh and look, the Widow Maker is here too. And who’s this? Your new play toy? Logan, right?” 
I twitched and he knew he hit a nerve but he was more concerned that Ghost and Striker started to head towards him, but before they could get a step in, I held up my hand telling them no.  This was my fight.  It was the reason he came here in the first place.
He continued reassured by my resilience.  “So I see you’re still alive which means that woman and the other Russian were worthless.”
I almost burst into laughter.  “Sorry to disappoint, Robert, but if you remember, I’m not that easy to kill.”
He laughed, hard.  “As I remember it, you have a couple of weaknesses now, and the last time you only had one you managed to get yourself into a bad situation.  How are those ribs of yours doing?”
Again, the team started getting twitchy and inching forward, and again, I had to stop them. However, it wasn’t my team I was as worried about.  They knew to back off when I gave them certain signals.  Logan seemed to erupt with anger when Robert mentioned the kids and my ribs which only made Robert that much more self assured.
That was it.  I wasn’t going to let the man I love stir the bee hive and possibly become a target any more than he already has, so I instigated Robert.  “So, if I’m so easy for you, then why do you have to send other people to do your dirty work?  What, did the Hammer lose his head?”
I knew this would provoke him and get things underway.  My adrenalin was up way too high for me to just stand there, especially after he tried to have someone kill our children.  I looked back and in a glance told my team to hold and make sure Logan didn’t try to get in the middle of things.  If I was unable to take out Robert, then I knew they would.  He couldn’t get away from them this time.
He lurched forward and jabbed a knife at what would have been my ribs.  I jumped while arching to avoid the blade from going into my ribs.  He then swung the knife backwards towards where I jumped.  I grabbed his arm and twisted his wrist causing him to open his arm.  Then I popped the knife from his hand and had it in mine. 
The entire time Logan is trying to push past Ghost and Striker saying he needed to get to his office and get his gun because he couldn’t let Robert hurt me.  I had no weapons on me where as Robert had a bunch.  They both looked down at him and laughed.  
Ghost said, “Who are you kidding?  It doesn’t matter what she’s wearing.  She always has a minimum of three weapons on her at all times.  In her uniform, I can guarantee she has at least six, not counting the knife she just took from him.  If you want to help her just stay put right there so she’s not worrying about whether or not you’re going to get hurt and can focus on the fight she’s in right now.” 
This seemed to temporarily pacify Logan, though he still looked like someone was dying in front of him.  I guess someone would be.
Robert pulled another knife and was trying to stab me at any point he could.  He was swinging wildly and I kept moving about.  The moment he’d see me and start to swing I was moving somewhere else.  He began growing restless and took to standing up straight and looking at me half crouched waiting for his next move.  He grinned that grin I knew so well, which meant he was going to throw his knives now.  
I stood straight up and moved towards a wall that was away from the others so they wouldn’t be hit by a ricochet.  He pulled out six knives, appropriate for him as he is number six, and threw the first at me with more force than I remember him throwing with.  I dodged it by moving to my left and it lodged into the wall. He did it again with the second through the fifth and was extremely angry by then because he missed every time.  He prided himself on never missing.  He had one blade left and I just stood there waiting for it.  This time, he took aim, and threw directly for my heart but I was just a little faster and grabbed the blade as it was coming at my heart spun with it and threw it back at him with just as much force.  Mine didn’t miss.  
It nailed him directly in the heart and he dropped.  “I told you no one would hurt my children.”
That was all I had time for because the blade severed his aorta and he bled out within a few seconds.  I walked over and knelt beside him.  This man that I was once so close to, I once thought I loved this man.  He fathered my two children, and then tried to have us killed.  I just put this man down.  It was just like every one of my other kills, only now I’ve just taken a member of my team.  I took the father of my kids.  Even if he was an absent or bad father he was still their father.  Now, he’s nothing more than a stain on the floor and a part of my past.
Shadow called the general to have the coroner come to get Robert’s body and to tell him we were on our way to go question the two assassins from last night.  Logan sprinted towards me and grabbed me hugging me.  
He started kissing me all over my face.  “Oh my God, is that what your life is always like?  I don’t know if I could handle standing there and watching someone I care about come that close to death.  Damn, I didn’t know you were that fast or deadly.  At least I know now not to piss you off.”
Sadly I said, “Logan, what you just saw was nothing compared to what we normally do.  Unfortunately, it just had to be against one of our own this time.  Going against the people I train is something I’m used to.  If I’m not that fast or deadly then I’d be in big trouble when it came to putting them down when they get outta line, huh?”  
Logan looked at me so confused.  “Putting them down?  You say it like they’re animals or something.”
I had never thought of it that way before but I guess he’s right.  “I told you, I can compartmentalize better than most and it’s the only way we’d be able to do what we do so ordinary people can go about their happy little existence never knowing that they’re always in danger.”
That was something he definitely understood from his own job.  “I see, well, all I care about is the fact that you’re ok.  Hey, Ghost said you always have at least three weapons on you at all times no matter what you’re wearing and a minimum of six in this uniform.  Is that right?”
I laughed.  “No.  I have 28 weapons on me right now, and I normally have 5 on me in my every day work ware.”
Logan’s jaw fell open.  “Where the hell are you hiding 28 weapons on you right now and where do you put the five when you’re in a dress suit or dress pants?  Where were you hiding five weapons in that dress last night?”
I just smiled at him and told him maybe he’d find out someday. I started checking Robert for any Intel he may have had on him and found two phones and lots of weapons, but other than that, nothing.  Seconds later the elevator doors opened and the General popped out as well as other men that came to collect Robert’s body.
After looking at Robert’s dead body the General looked at me and said, “Well, Harvey, It seems you haven’t lost your touch.”
“General, you’ll know when I start to lose my touch because it’ll be you I come after then.”  He didn’t like my reply.
His eyes widened and sputtered that I couldn’t threaten him or he could have me put away.
My entire team broke out into hysterical laughter at that point.  I sputtered through my laughter, “Do it!  I dare you! You know damn well you can’t do shit to me because I’m needed much more than you are.   Now, we’ll be at the facility in 20 minutes.  I expect we’ll have full access to the prisoners?”
He shook his head yes and walked back into the elevator to leave.
I walked over and picked up my duffle bag from the floor and pulled the knives out of the wall and added them to my bag.  I walked up to Logan and told him that if he doesn’t hear from me then talk to Gary.  He didn’t seem to understand, but I knew he would.  I kissed him, then my team and I left, while I kept Berdina in place and in cover, to keep feeding us whatever Intel she could gather.
Chapter 8
A Cell in Hell

We got to the holding facility about 20 minutes after leaving Logan, which was right after the General got there.  They had already moved Cera and her enforcer into separate interrogation rooms for us.  My team started to go in but I stopped them.  I waited a few seconds to watch them and take in the scene a little more before going in.  After making them wait about five minutes I sent Ghost and Striker into Cera’s interrogation room and watched as they questioned her.  Every question they asked her she would reply in Russian not knowing they could speak it.  
After a few minutes, I walked into the room and sent Ghost and Striker out, and back into the viewing room.  I turned off the cameras and un-cuffed Cera.  She looked a little surprised when all I did was sit down across from her.  I sat there looking at her leaning forward with my elbows on my knees, not saying anything.  She waited a while but eventually asked what I was waiting for. 
I asked sweetly, “What do you mean, Cera?”
“You turned off the cameras and un-cuffed me.  So, what is it you want?  You want me to hurt you?  Is that why you un-cuffed me.  Did you not want to be seen beating on someone that was tied up?  That’s the only way you could ever beat me.”  She spat her words out with such hatred and conviction, yet she still had the Russian accent.  
I just smiled at her.  “No, Cera.  If I wanted to beat on you while you were tied up I wouldn’t have had a problem doing that.  You see, I may not be Russian, but I don’t have much of a conscience either.  I want to know why you were so gung hoe on trying to shoot me from inside a closet last night when ‘I can never beat you’.  I want to know why I interest you so much, considering you watched me awfully closely these past two weeks.  What is it?  Do you like me or something?”
Her smile faded and she leaned forward to mimic my pose before answering me.  
“You have a conscience, you just think you don’t.  I was in the closet to keep Logan from finding out who it was that shot you so I could still gain access to your brats, and as far as watching you so closely, well, I was just trying to figure out what Hammer saw in you.  No matter, soon, he and I will be together and you will be buried like a dog, after being beaten and killed like one.”  With that she sat back.
I didn’t move my face much but stood up and walked over to the wall and put my back against it.  I put my foot on the wall and looked at her for a few seconds before asking her if she was sure about what she just said.
She looked a little confused but said yes, this is when I burst into laughter.  She seemed shocked and got up off her chair and stepped around it until she was only about five feet in front of me.
“What’s so funny dog?” She spat at me.
“What’s so funny is the fact that you think you’re going to ride off into the sunset with a man that cares about himself only.  You want to know what he saw in me. Power!  That was something I have and had then, something that you’ll never have.”  It was at this point I pulled out the knife I put into Robert’s heart from my belt and held it up.  
She immediately recognized it and gasped, stepping back.  “You see, Cera, You won’t be riding off into the sunset with Hammer as I killed him.  About twenty minutes ago to be exact, with this very knife, in fact.  Sorry to spoil your plans.”
Cera hesitated for about ten seconds before letting out a scream like a Banshee, and running straight for me.  I side stepped her and she ran right into the knife, with it hitting her in almost exactly the same spot as I hit Robert with it.  I was almost amused at the irony.  He used her in the same way he used me, only his using her killed her.  I guess I am a lot stronger than I originally thought I was.  She gave me the look like she was stunned at what just happened. 
She looked at the knife in her chest and I said, “You see, Cera, I’ve always been better than you.  I knew you weren’t worth my effort and now YOU’RE the one dying alone, in a cell, while both of you die by my hand.  You both thought you were going to kill me and look at you now.”
I shoved the knife in a little harder and twisted some.  She gasped because I knew then I hit her aorta. “I’ll see you in hell, Cera.”  With that, she died.  
I stood over her dead body and felt the disgust for her rise in my stomach.  How can someone be so stupid?  It should be illegal.  I wiped the knife on her shirt and walked out and back into the viewing room.  My team looked at me for directions of what I wanted done for her enforcer.  I turned and looked into the other interrogation room across from the one I was previously in, and looked at the big man in there.
I sent in Cobra and Shadow to interrogate him.  He only spoke Russian so there were no false pretenses there.  The girls went in speaking Russian when they questioned him.  He seemed overly relaxed when he saw two petite women enter the interrogation room.  He talked to them because he didn’t see them as a threat.  This big man answered their questions as to why he was there. He said he came with his sister to help her kill the dog that was preventing Hammer from being with her. He also said that the woman that she came to kill was the woman the killed their uncle many years ago, according to their cousin.  
Damn!  That’s when it hit me.  Cera’s eyes reminded me of the eyes of the young man I saw the day I killed the Russian warlord. He was his son.  No child should see their father die, but then again he did look relieved.
Shadow asked what their cousin, the new Russian boss, thought of them coming here to kill that woman and her children.  He said they were ordered to leave that woman alone, and not to come here.  He said he would not be responsible for taking the mother of two children.
This threw me too.  How did he know I had two kids?  I had to have seen this man recently.  I can’t for the life of me remember where I’ve seen him.  I turned my attention back to the interrogation.
“If you were ordered not to come here, and to leave this woman alone, then who is ordering the hit to start with your top ten units tomorrow?” Cobra asked this.
“My father.”  He spoke that in perfect English then.  I knocked on the window once telling them to let him know that Cera was dead.
Shadow started, “You said the woman you came here with is your sister correct?”  He shook his head yes. 
“Well, my apologies for your loss then, because she died right before this interrogation started.  The woman you came to kill put your sister down like an animal.”  At that Cobra set back and waited for his reaction.
He started growing very red and fighting against the shackles that held him. Ghost and Striker entered the room soon after.  They stood against the wall quietly.  This made the man laugh. “You have to have men come in to protect you?” he asked in Russian.  
Shadow leaned into the man close and whispered to him that they were here for his protection and not theirs.  He quieted for about a millisecond and then he started yelling “Wolf” as loudly as he could.  
Jill and Madison walked over and stood against the wall where Christiaan and Jojo were already standing. It looked funny seeing them together.  Two huge bulking men that looked like they could tear down a brick house with their bare hands, and two tiny women who looked like they were models, but when it came down to it, the women were more deadly than the men.  
I walked in the door and immediately the man in shackles glared at me.  “You killed my uncle and my sister?” He asked in his broken English.  
I said, “That’s right.  What the hell do you think you can do about it?”  
He jerked one hand forward snapping the shackle and repeated the process with his other hand.  All the while, the four others stayed put against the wall as if nothing happened.  I smirked and walked a little closer to him.  
He looked down at me and again in his broken English said, “Hammer will kill you now, for sure.”  
This was where I laughed.  “I guess we forgot to fill you in.  I already killed him, almost an hour ago actually.  I used the same knife on your sister, and killed her in the same way as I killed Hammer.”
He again began glowing red and started swinging at me, but before he could get in his third swing I was already behind him and up on his back with my hands circling his neck.  I had his Adams apple in hand, but this time, he didn’t seem to fear death.  I brought my legs up and put them around his shoulders then flipped backwards throwing him onto his stomach.  I flipped him over and put the same knife to his throat.  
“Your conscience will prevent you from killing an unarmed man,” he says.  
I smiled up at him and told him I didn’t have a conscience when it came to animals.”  
At that, I slit his throat slowly, to make sure he felt every ounce of the pain.  The shock on his face almost made me feel sorry for him, almost.  
All the while, Jill and Madison were over talking about what clothes they were going to pack for Russia since it was going to be cold and we were going to have to blend in.  Christiaan and Jojo were talking about how we were going to travel without drawing attention to ourselves and what weapons we’d take.
“I already have transportation taken care of, Ghost.”  It was Shadow. 
“No offense, Jill but the last time you took care of transportation we went swimming unwillingly,” Jojo exclaimed. 
Jill started screeching, “Oh my God!  Will you just let that go?  That was almost seven years ago.” 
It really felt like I had never left.  This was home to me.  This was what I did, who I was.  I was a killer with no conscience.  But I am also a mother.  How could I be both?  How did my world balance out so I could be both?  I think this is something I would never understand.













Chapter 9
A Frozen Hell

Seven hours later were on a jet on our way to Russia with maps spread out on a small table with the five of us looking over them.  We’ve been in the air for the last four hours on one of the fastest jets in the world, but even with that we’ll be landing in Mongolia with only four hours left to make our way into Russia, and into the heart of Novosibirsk which is where the new Ruler’s palace was.  He decided to keep the same one as his father before him.  This was a good thing for us because this meant we still knew the town and layout of the palace fairly well, if not perfectly.  Yes, I’m sure some things have changed, but they couldn’t have changed so much that we didn’t know our way around there anymore.
Immediately, upon landing, we all had our duffle bags in tow and were in civilian clothing so we didn’t draw any unnecessary attention to ourselves.  We made it through the last five miles on Mongolia within 20 minutes or so.  All in all, we were still fairly quick.  Faster than I would have thought us to be, seeing as how we haven’t been together as a team in about five years.  Well, I haven’t been part of the team.  However, things still flowed with us as smooth as ever, almost like a day never passed that we weren’t together.
It took us a while longer to make our way through Russia unnoticed even though we were in civilian clothing and all spoke the language perfectly.  If we moved to quickly or efficiently then we drew attention to ourselves.  So, we had to slow down, act like we belonged there, and even stop to eat at one point.  We noticed that it was about eleven o’clock American time and everyone was starting to sit down to eat.  Frankly, the fact that we weren’t stopping to eat made us stand out, almost as if we had flashing neon lights on us.  So, even though precious time was winding down and wasting away, we sat down at a table just inside of a small pub and all ordered.  
When the waiter came over to bring our food he started talking to us, asking questions about who we were and where we were from, because he’s never seen us around there before and he knew everyone.  I told him we were just passing through on our way to my Fiancé’s house in Omsk, which seemed to almost pacify him.  He started to turn like he was going to walk away as we all started to eat, but he turned back and asked about our relationship with each other.  
Apparently, he was pretty perceptive and noticed that we were very in sync with each other.  Again, I came up with another story and told him that Madison and Jill were my sisters and Christiaan and Jojo were their husbands.  This is something that he obviously bought because he then turned and walked away.  We ate as quickly as we could without being noticed, paid the bill and left.  
After we had to make our way the other fifteen kilometers in an almost jog to make it there before noon, our time.  Once the palace was about a block away, we hid in an abandoned house and went over our plan one more time.  Jill and Jojo were going to pose as Cera and her brother and go in front of the new Ruler’s uncle while Christiaan, Madison and I went in through different entrance points and made our way to the great hall where we knew they would be meeting the uncle.  We had to have better vantage points so we could protect our own while finding out what the uncles plan was and getting him off my back permanently.  
At ten minutes til, Jill and Jojo put on the hooded robes that Cera and her brother wore when meeting with their cousin and their father, the uncle, in any formal matter.  They made their way towards the front entrance with their heads down and they weren’t stopped, only ridiculed for not having my children with them.  Not a single guard stopped them, or asked them to raise their heads to check their identity, which was working well to our advantage.
Ghost, Cobra and I split with five minutes to spare, after making sure Shadow and Striker got into the door with no issues, heading to our own entrance points.  Within three minutes we were in position and ready to get this fight started if it was what it came down too.  I looked around the small opening in one of the stair rails and watched Shadow and Striker just stand there with their heads down as they waited for their ‘father’ to rejoin them on his makeshift throne.  
After another five minutes he finally walked in and sat in his chair, where he thought he was someone special.  He began questioning Jill and Jojo about why they didn’t have my children, if I was dead and what happened but they said nothing.  He asked again after waiting about thirty seconds and again they said nothing.  
Finally, after a couple of minutes passed he jumped up and screamed at them to raise their heads and look at him.  They did.  This was when this man paled and almost fell backwards into his chair.  None of the guards could understand his reaction until Shadow and Striker took their hoods off, and then the entire robe.  It was at this point when Cobra, Ghost and I joined them from our positions, which really began a bustle of whispers and movement.
After a few moments of looking shocked, this supposed leader regained his composure and stood.  
He glared at me thinking he was going to intimidate me.  “Don’t bother looking at me the way you do your subordinates, because you don’t intimidate me.  You disgust me!”
“Why have you come here to my home?” He stammered.
“Well, last I heard, it wasn’t your home.  You’re not the leader.  You weren’t chosen to take leadership in the event of your brother’s passing, your nephew was, so I’d say this is more his home.  Speaking of which, why isn’t he at this little meeting?  Oh.  That’s right.  He told you all to leave me alone, but you couldn’t listen could you?  You had to go and sign your death warrant along with your children’s.”
My reply caught his attention and he turned fully to me then.  “What are you speaking of, my signing my children’s death warrants?”
I snorted at him, “What do you think I mean?  They made a fatal mistake by coming after me, as did Hammer, and it cost them their lives.”
This large round man grew even redder in the face than he was naturally and he just glared at me.
I began antagonizing him at that point to make sure it sunk in for him.  “That’s right.  Let it sink into your head really good.  I. KILLED. YOUR. CHILDREN.” 
He grew insanely furious, to the point where I could see the iris of his eyes turn black almost.  I never backed away.  Instead I took another step towards this man, making him take a step back.
I turned and looked at all of his guards he had standing there.  Their enforcer, this man’s son, was the best of the best for them and I laid him out without a problem or a second thought.  As I watched them all take a step back after looking at me, I turned back to the fat man in front of me.
The fat man finally got up the nerve to speak.  “I don’t believe you have the abilities to kill my son.  My Nikko is too good to be killed by someone like you.  As is my Cera and Hammer.  How do I know you didn’t have some people round them up and have them stashed somewhere in prison?”
“I thought that was something you might ask so I brought you a little present.”  I gave this man a DVD that I had in my duffle bag.  The DVD case was even wrapped with a bow.  I suppose when it came down to it, I had a sick sense of humor.  I was always a sarcastic person but taking my position in the military only made it worse.
The large man took the DVD case and handed it to one of his guards who immediately walked over to the television that set not ten feet from his chair.  He pushed play and up on the screen came Cera and her interrogation, followed by my plunging a knife into her heart and twisting it.  There on display was her dead body.  I walked over yanked the knife out of her chest and wiped it on her shirt, then put it back in my belt.  The screen then flips to another room where Nikko was stashed for interrogation, and this man watched the entire interrogation of his son.   He then watched as his son called for me and how easy it was for me to kill him.  
What seemed to surprise this man was the ruthlessness of the way I killed his son, and my indifference towards it.  Again, he watched as I stood over his son’s now dead body and wiped the knife on his shirt.  The screen flashed one more time to the morgue showing me standing over Hammer’s dead body and smiling at the camera.  I even said hi to this man that was currently watching this DVD.  He turned off the DVD and turned towards me.
He swore under his breath and with a pale face asked if I was Russian, since I acted as one with no conscience.  He said his informant was right, that I was the best and it didn’t matter who he sent after me, that they were the only one that would ever be able to kill me.  
That piqued my interest slightly.  “Who is your informant?”
In a defeated voice he said, “I don’t know.  I’ve never met them, all I know is when they call me they say you’re the best, even in retirement and I would never be safe unless you were dead.  I told them it was not what my nephew wanted but they convinced me that if I didn’t send someone to kill you, you were going to come for my head.  I did what I must to protect myself and my nephew.  If only I knew where he was, I would be better off though.”
There was no way this man was making up this story.  Not only was he sincere about his concern for his nephew’s life but was also scared for his own.
“I would never have come for you until you put a hit out on my children.”
He looked very confused now.  “What do you mean?  I never put a hit out on your children.  I didn’t even know you had children.  I had put a hit on you alone.”  
I told him what his daughter said and he was a little surprised by that.  He said he never would have authorized that and they had to have been acting on their own for that.  Christiaan and Madison were slowly making their way over towards me, and once close enough, Christiaan leaned down and whispered that this smelled like a set up and that we needed to get out of there as soon as possible before something bad went down.  Too late!
A guard behind us got twitchy and we noticed but before it could be stopped Jill had turned and thrown the twelve knives she kept in her belt, killing the twelve guards behind us on the left.  This started a chain reaction.  I tried telling them all to stop but the guards were pissed and taking their own revenge, which caused my team to have to retaliate and defend themselves.  With-in a matter of thirty seconds all the guards were down, and all my team were still standing.  The only man left standing was the Uncle.
I started to question him but before I could, Jill tossed another knife and hit him in the Jugular.  He bled out within a minute and I didn’t get to finish questioning him.  Once he was dead I asked why Jill had started the fight when we were there for answers and why she killed the big man when I wasn’t done questioning him yet.  
She played innocent saying she just reacted because she saw the men behind her reaching for their weapons.  Immediately, this caught my attention in a bad way, because Jill wasn’t this impulsive person that did things like this.  She didn’t make bad choices, yet she volunteered to be the decoy and come in here.  She was also the one that provided the transportation.  Something was starting to come together in my head about Jill and I didn’t like the assessment I was coming up with.  
Although, I made sure never to show that I was noticing any of this.  I pretended to brush it off like I did normally with death and we talked about getting back into the states since the threat was ‘eliminated’ now.  We all agreed but there was a change in the atmosphere and we all felt it.
After trekking back through Russia and into Mongolia we boarded the jet and took off for home.  Jill was towards the front of the plane where she had fallen asleep as well as Jojo, not far from her.  I sat in the farthest seat back, like always, and tonight Madison and Christiaan were close by me.  They slowly slipped into the seats closest to mine without drawing Jojo’s attention. 
“Boss, you know something’s going on don’t you?  There’s something off about the way Jill handled that and the way she acted after, not to mention, the way she was smirking when the big man was talking about his informant saying they were the only one that could take you out.”  Christiaan seemed to be saying exactly what I was thinking.
I said, “Yeah, I noticed, but thought better to not show it.  Look, she’s the second best in the world so you two need to tread carefully.  You don’t want her to know you’re on to her.”
“What about Jojo?” Madison asked.
I sighed, “I don’t know yet.  He’s definitely acting a little off, but I’m not quite sure how exactly yet. Until then, I want you two to stay close to me and away from them as much as possible.” 
Madison looked confused, “How are we going to be able to stay away from them when we’re supposed to go back to work since we supposedly eliminated the threat to you?”
I wasn’t quite sure yet but was thinking on it.  “You let me worry about that.  When it comes to the political shit, you know I’ll handle that so you guys can stick around for as long as I want you to.”
I got simultaneous Okays from them right as Jojo turned and noticed us talking so I motioned for him to come to the back with us.  He woke Jill up and came back to the back with her while looking at us trying to hide his suspicion, while we were trying to hide the fact that we haven’t been talking about what I said we were.
“Hey I thought you guys were sleeping.  I’m glad you’re not.  I was talking to Madison and Christiaan and I think we still have a problem.  The big man said something about an informant he had and how they were the only one able to take me out.  This informant was the one that leaked my identity to them.” I said.
“But I thought we agreed it was Hammer that leaked your identity to the Russians.” It was Jill sounding almost desperate.
“I don’t think so.  I think whoever this informant is used Hammer, who, in turn, used Cera and her family.  The fat man was a little too scared when he was talking about this informant and about how he was going to follow his nephew’s rule about not coming for me, since they didn’t know what I looked like, until this informant leaked my identity to them and set me up.  Whoever it is, is on the inside and is working as much info, in as many different ways, as they can.” I said trying to sound almost exasperated.  
The more I talked the closer Jill and Jojo seemed to scoot towards each other and look like what I was saying was coming straight out of their heads.  Madison, Christiaan, and I knew we were onto something that we weren’t supposed to know about.
We decided that when we got back to Atlanta we would head to a safe house after briefing the General, and definitely not let my kids or Logan know I was back yet.  This threat was much bigger than I originally anticipated, and I couldn’t have even the slightest distraction, nor have a single weakness.  Whatever this threat was, whoever this informant is, he or she is playing a very deadly game and I’m starting to think the collateral damage is going to be much higher than I originally thought. 


Chapter 10
Cat and Mouse

The entire flight Jill and Jojo kept pretty much to themselves at the front of the jet, being the first to head to the SUV when we landed in Atlanta around midnight.  Christiaan, Madison and I followed suit and got into the SUV behind them keeping a minimal distance and acting as though we didn’t think any differently of them now than we did yesterday. 
A half an hour later we were pulling into a safe house.  After getting in the house we all began our routines to settle in.  We all ate and unpacked our weapons in case we needed them in a hurry.  About 1 A.M. everyone was in their own room and sleeping except for me.  
I made my way through the shadows of the house and out the front door.  I slipped out the secondary phone that Robert had on him at the time I killed him and began going through it.  There were only two numbers on it.  I called the first, a Russian number, with the idea that it was Cera’s phone and I was right.  Her voicemail came on and it was easy for me to hack her voicemail.  She was pretty obvious about everything to do with her and Robert so her password to get into her messages was Robert’s birthdate.  No surprise there.
I went through the voicemails he left her and it was easy to see how he was able to manipulate her as much as he did.  He really sounded like the doting, loving boyfriend.  It made me feel sorry for her, because she was just a pawn in his scheme of things.  She didn’t deserve what she got, now that I was able to see the bigger picture.  
Hell, I was her five years ago.  I put that out of my mind and hooked my phone into the one I had in my hand and it gave me access to pull up her phone as if it were in my hand.  All the texts on the phone were from Robert.  More manipulation.  There were some pictures of the two of them as well, but nothing that could be of use to me.
I then connected the phone to the only other number that was on Robert’s phone.  The number was American and a government number definitely which made me think I was on the right track with Jill.  I was waiting for the decryption program to finish running so I could gain access to the phone when up pops our own firewall that is installed on all of our special teams phones, preventing access into the phone.  I know, because I was the one that wrote the program.  I also knew how to get around the program though.  
How ironic is it that I have to hack my own program to find out who is trying to kill me?  A few minutes later I was past the firewall and into the phone.  I could do whatever I wanted on this phone and even if the person was using it, they couldn’t tell I was in the phone.  I checked all of the call history.  Over the past seven years there were thousands of calls between Robert and Jill.  There were so many texts that I was unable to believe what I was seeing.  Then when I got to the pictures I thought I was going to fall on my head.  I couldn’t believe what I was seeing.  I copied everything from that phone to mine so I could go through it more in depth later and after copying everything I came across one more number on Jill’s phone that was frequented so I checked that one as well.  
It was Jojo’s phone.  I had to go around the firewall again but did the same and copied everything from that phone into another file on my phone, then I got out of all the phones and dialed the General.  That was when I gave him my actual briefing.
“Look General, I think Jill and Jojo are moles or just turned so they can try to gain the number one and two spots.  I believe Jill is the one that set this all up.  Yes, I know what kind of allegations I’m making but the facts support what I’m saying.  She knew exactly what it would take to bring me out of hiding.  She broke protocol and killed the big man in Russia before I could interrogate him, forced us to defend ourselves and kill the men there, after he started telling us about an informant that got ahold of him telling him I was coming for him and his nephew.  
“This informant told him they were the only one that would be able to kill me and set up Hammer, Cera and her brother.  I checked the secondary phone I found on Robert after I killed him and found way more information on it than should have been there.  He and Jill have been secretly seeing each other for seven years and she has been manipulating him into doing her bidding for almost as long.  She was the one that convinced him to come after me the first time when they were on assignment so it didn’t come back looking like she set me up.  Also, Jojo is in on it too.  Yes, I know exactly how complicated this is getting.  
“There’s lots of things on his phone from her, showing she’s manipulating him into doing what she wants.  I think she’s using him just as much as she did Robert and Robert did Cera.  Either way the problem lies in the fact that I have two of the best, that I trained, trying to play assassination games with me, for whatever reason.  I’m going to stay on this so I can figure out what the hell exactly is going on, and why she’s doing this, but I need you to come get this phone from the safe house and have the techs go through it with a fine tooth comb in case I missed something.   
“I understand you know I never miss anything, but just in case.  I’m leaving it at the end of the driveway sitting under the bush.  You’re going to have to pretend we never had this conversation when we come in tomorrow and pretend to look up leads.  Yes.  Christiaan and Madison are very perceptive.  They know something’s going on.  I haven’t filled them in completely but they’re watching their backs.  Got it.  I’ll see you in a few hours.”
After sitting for a few minutes and trying to wrap my head around the whole situation, I went back into the house deciding I wasn’t going to get anywhere tonight and would think better on a couple of hours sleep.  I made my way through the house and into my room to lie down but immediately felt something off.  I listened closely to the house and could tell someone was up.  I made my way back into the hallway and put my hands on the wall to let the walls talk to me.  I felt the vibe coming from the room upstairs.  That was Jojo’s room and Jill’s of course.  One or both of them were up.  I slowly made my way through the house and up the stairs making sure to avoid the squeaky stairs.  
When I reached the top of the landing I again put my hands on the wall to listen to the house.  Jojo’s room was quiet except for the soft snore coming from his sleeping body.  It was Jill on the phone.  She was talking as softly as she could but still be heard.  I stood there listening to her for a few minutes before finally realizing who it was she was talking to.  She was on the phone with the General.  I listened a little more closely not liking where this conversation was going.  
“Yes, dad I know how hard we’ve worked for this but I can’t just sneak down and slit her throat.  You know I can’t.  Everyone here would know it was one of us.  What do you mean Madison and Christiaan already know that I was the Russian’s informant?  There’s no way they could know that.  Yes. I did everything you told me to do.  I played Jojo and Robert and got Robert to play the Russian bitch without letting on it was me having him do it, and all without letting anyone know who I am to you, just like you wanted. 
“I still don’t understand why I have to take her out.  I know you don’t like her and she’s always making shitty comments to you about how she’s more valuable than you are, but you’ve made some shitty comments to her too.  You wanted her out of the game so I recruited Robert to hook up with her and get her knocked up.  Why wasn’t that enough?  Why do we have to kill her now when she’s been retired for almost five years?  Okay.  Yes, dad, I understand.  I know, I just don’t like hurting her.  She is my friend.  I know you’re my father, that’s why I’m doing this, but don’t mistake the fact that I will hang you out to dry if this comes out.  
“NO! There’s no way she could have gotten that information.  What do you mean?!? You never told me she wrote the encryption program that was installed on our phones and computers.  What do you mean you just found out when she called you?  Great!  That’s just great, so now she knows everything?  No.  I don’t think she’s planning anything for tonight; otherwise she would have already come for me.  No, Jojo doesn’t know what I’m doing.  He knows I’m trying to retire her permanently, but he doesn’t know how.  He thinks I mean just by breaking her.  If something happens to her the kids will either come to me or Christiaan since were the godparents and my money is on me.  Jojo thinks we’re only keeping her hostage for a few months while I have the kids, since that’s going to be the one thing that kills her; her not being able to see her children.  Yes, I know how shitty it is to use him too, but what else do you want from me?  I couldn’t have gotten this far without help.  If I didn’t have help she would have already figured out I was the one after her by now.  This way she’s kept guessing as to who it is.  Okay, dad, I’ll see you at zero six-thirty. Yep, I got it.”
That was the end of the conversation because I could hear her put her phone back on the end table and softy mumble a few select curse words under her breath.  Slowly I opened the door and stepped into the room while she had her head in her hands.  I was standing in front of her before she realized I was in the room.  When she looked up she paled quickly and stood straight up looking me in the face, with her mouth slightly open.  
A few seconds later she started to speak, again, quietly.  “You heard didn’t you?”  
“Yes, Jill, I heard everything.  I knew you were involved and using Robert and Jojo but I didn’t know this went all the way up to the General.  Thanks for that info.  Now, why don’t you sit down and tell me the whole story so I can decide if I want to kill you now, or wait until later.”  She started to say something, to protest maybe, but I cut her off before she could.  “Jill, I’m not in the mood for bullshit and lies.  I trusted you, not only with my life, but with my children’s lives as well, and this whole time you’ve been working to try to kill me.  I understand killing me was the game plan from the beginning, but if you wanted to do that you should have just done it before I had kids.  Something you don’t understand is that now, I have even more motivation to stay alive than before.  Not to mention, now, I’m beyond pissed, and you haven’t seen me pissed.  There’s nothing you or your daddy will be able to do to me that will slow me down or stop me now.  I’m going to kill the both of you and anyone else that I find that’s in on this little scheme of yours.”
I was talking quietly but Jill was seeing the fire in my eyes.  She realized right away what a mistake she made and how bad she messed up.  She took a step back and plopped on her bed and began filling me in on everything with this plan of theirs to get rid of me.  During the time she was talking I could hear Jojo, Christiaan and Madison make their way into the hallway by the door to listen to her detailed account of the past nine years of our life as a unit and her plan to get rid of me.  She was so shocked she had to fill me in now that she wasn’t paying attention to the others coming to listen.  
“Nine years ago my dad, the General, brought me into the military to work with you and keep an eye on things from the inside.  He knew I would have access to certain information to things that we wouldn’t tell him about and he’s such a control freak he couldn’t stand to have this program start and not to know everything that went on.  He has to be the one with the most Intel and the most connections so he can seem like a badass to everyone.  He didn’t want to turn over control of things to you.  He hated the fact of a woman running things even more.  
“So when you were chosen to lead this program instead of him, well, let’s just say that it was an extremely bad night at home.  He was so angry that he started hitting my mother, just like he always does when he gets mad about something.  Now, she’s always been very good at hiding it and making everyone believe they have the perfect marriage.  She never came from a family of divorce so she just sucked it up and went on with things.  I was tired of seeing her have the crap beat out of her, so I jumped my dad when he began hitting her.  I didn’t really know what I was doing but I’d be damned before I was going to let him beat her with me standing there.  He was going to have to beat the hell out of me first, which is what I thought would happen, but by some miracle I held my own with him.”
I looked at her telling her to go on so she did.  “After beating him down to the floor and screaming at him to never touch mom again he looked up at me startled.  That was when he seemed to have an idea that started forming.  He gave me this devilish grin and stood up.  I was almost scared, but I was still too angry to think about the fear that was building up in the back of my mind.  He swore he would never touch my mother again if I enlisted and did what he wanted me to do.  He called it doing him a small favor.  
“Then when I was through I could take my mother and go.  I agreed for her sake.  Within a few weeks I had my last name changed and enlisted.  Because of the fact of how good I was without training, he knew I would excel over the others once I was trained.  He was right.  He knew you would pick me and give me rank, but even he wasn’t expecting me to be number two.  When you named me two I thought he was going to go into cardiac arrest.  He was more excited than a kid on Christmas morning.  I had never seen Dad like that and wanted to believe that it was because he was proud of me, but I was just fooling myself.  The only thing he cared about was the fact that he got everything, first hand, from the top unit.  He figured I’d be named somewhere into the top twenty and have to fight or kill my way up the ladder for a while before I got there.
“Dad wasn’t very fond of you from day one because you were easily ten times better than he ever was and he hates that more than anything.”  
“Tell me about Robert.”  As soon as I said it she started hunching her shoulders a little more.  
“I knew you would be able to tell that it was me after you if I came straight for you.  I knew the only way I would ever get this close was if I had someone doing most of the work for me.  So, I called up my old high school boyfriend and started making him think I was interested in him again.  He was four years older than I am so I knew no one would connect us.  Or at least I thought that.  He was a boxer, and a bad one.  He had a chip on his shoulder and didn’t know how to get it off, so I helped him with that.  His thinking I wanted him back eased some of that anger letting me put this plan into his head.  
“At first he didn’t want any part of it, but I convinced him.  I was always able to get him to do whatever I wanted him too.  I manipulated him the same way my father has manipulated me all this time.  Anyway, I finally had him convinced and spent all my extra time training him the way you trained me.  He got really good too.  I was impressed.  After a while he started learning new skills that I didn’t teach him.  He thought if he helped me with this then I would stay with him forever.  Funny isn’t it?  All he wanted was me and all I wanted was my freedom and my mother’s, but in all of our wants we just made slaves of ourselves.  When he got you knocked up he freaked out.  It wasn’t part of the plan and he was scared of what I was going to think.  
“He didn’t know that I was the one that put the holes in the condoms.  He would never have hurt the kids, just as an FYI.  I never would have let him do that, but I did tell him that he had to act like he would so he could get you to do what he wanted.  You have no idea what kind of pain and remorse he went through after he beat you.  His mother was beaten when he was a child and he always swore he would never hit a woman, but I talked him into it.  I didn’t want you to be hurt, but I thought if you feared for Jesse then you would leave and this would be over.  I didn’t know you were pregnant either; otherwise he never would have touched you.  It’s something he or I never would have chanced.  
“I hoped that would be enough for my dad.  Whether you believe it or not, I do care a lot about you.  I grew to love you like a sister that I never had.  But the closer I got to you, the more I started to slack and my father realized this so he reminded me of why I was enlisted in the first place.  He beat my mother within an inch of her life.  This set me back on a fast track to get things done.  I didn’t understand why Dad wanted you dead.  I couldn’t figure out why you being retired wasn’t good enough, but now I get it.  Even after all this time you’re still the best.  There isn’t anyone that can beat you.” 
“Stay on track, Jill.  What came next?”  She sighed and flopped back onto the bed.  She covered her face with her hands and sat there like that for a minute.   Then, she sat up and looked at me with so much regret in her face that even I could see it through my anger.
“You don’t know what it’s like to have to manipulate so many people just to keep someone you care about safe.  To betray everyone that you’ve ever cared about.  The only people that have ever been there for you and have always treated you like family and watched your back to keep you safe.  You’ll never know what it’s like to carry the weight of that.”
My response wasn’t what she was looking for.  “You’re right, Jill, I won’t, because no matter what happens in my life, I would never betray the people that have been my family when even my family wasn’t.  I will never put my own wants in front of the people that I say I care about.  Look, I’m really sorry about the situation with your mom, but she’s a grown woman.  If she didn’t want that life then she could’ve left.  I did.   So did you at one point.  Everyone has the strength to change things, but if they don’t have the courage to then they’ll never be what they should be.  Everyone has a choice.  Whether they make it or it gets made for them is an entirely different thing.  You’ve let your choices be made for you.  That’s why you’re in this predicament.  Now, get back to the story.”  This seemed to shut up her whining and I did feel bad for how she got into this situation but I wasn’t going to let her know that.  As long as she feared me she would walk a very narrow line.
She continued, “After you were gone, when you retired, and dad still wasn’t happy, I talked Robert into making nice with Cera.  I thought having her as a pawn would come in handy if needed.  I still wasn’t sure how I was going to play things but I knew we could use the added help when the time came.  I never expected that she would come after you on her own.  Robert didn’t even know she was doing that.  We never sent them after the kids and I would NEVER have let them be put into any danger.  I would die before letting that happen.  Rain, you have to believe me on that.”
I didn’t say anything instead I just looked at her and squared my shoulders.  When she didn’t start right away I tapped my watch letting her know I was growing impatient.  
She floundered for words for a second trying to find the right thing to say but couldn’t so I helped out.  “Where does Jojo fit into all of this?”
“He thought we were just getting you out of the game permanently.  It took me years to get him to side with me enough to help out with that, and even then he still wasn’t comfortable with it.  I told him I was pregnant so he thinks were getting rid of you then were both getting out to be together with this baby.  My telling him that I was pregnant a few months ago was the only shove that worked enough to finally push him over the edge enough to get him to agree to help me.  He knew it was the only way I would get out.  I told him otherwise I was getting an abortion if things weren’t done by the time I was no longer able to get the abortion.  That time is in the next few weeks he thinks, so he stepped things up a notch.  He just wants his child; he never wanted to hurt you.  He’s only doing what he thinks he has to in order to protect his child.  You understand that right?  Don’t take things out on him.  It’s all my fault, he’s innocent.  He doesn’t know I’m not pregnant.  He’s a really good man, and he deserves better than what I’ve done to him.”
“Well, Jill, you’re right and wrong.  He is a good man that didn’t deserve what you did to him, but he does know you lied.”  At that the three standing in the hall walked in.  
The look on Jojo’s face was heartbreaking.  I never would’ve imagined I could feel sorry for someone that was trying to set me up, but then again, he didn’t really know what he was doing.  Like she said, he was only trying to protect his child.  Jill paled as soon as they walked in.  She immediately knew they had heard the entire story.  She looked up at Jojo as soon as he walked in and started tearing up.  
He looked down at her and she stood facing him before she spoke.  “Jojo, I’m so sorry.  I never wanted to hurt you.  I was only trying to help my mother.  You’ll never know how much it hurt me to lead you on and use you like I did.  Please say something.”  
After a few seconds of them staring at each other he slapped her so hard and so quickly she didn’t see it coming and wasn’t able to get out of the way fast enough.  She flew onto the bed and burst into tears.  He leaned down and whispered to her, “If Rain doesn’t kill you, I will.  I never should have believed the bullshit that came out of your mouth.  I knew there was no way that you could have been pregnant.  I double checked the condoms each time.  I knew there was something funny about why you never let me go to your doctor’s appointments with you.  When we’re on leave, no one knows where we go so I could have went with you.  So tell me where’d you go?  Did you and Daddy have a good laugh over my stupidity?” 
 With that he walked back over and stood by Madison and Christiaan with his head down and his back towards Jill.  He couldn’t even look at her.
“Well, it looks like you’re building up a long list of people that want you dead very quickly Jill.  What are you going to do about that?”  
She finally sat up and stopped crying.  “For what it’s worth Jojo, I never told my dad how I got you to agree.  The only thing he knows is that I got you to help me with things.  He doesn’t know about anything.  He thinks you want Rain out of here as much as he does.  Rain, I’m sorry. You have no idea how much I regret what I did to you, but no matter what happens,  I’ll never regret what brought me to this unit.  For a while I got to feel what it was like to have a real family.  I knew what it was like to have people really care about me for who I was and not what I could get them.  I understand that it wasn’t true because you guys didn’t know who I was, but none the less, I still don’t regret it because I got to have a family.  What do you want me to do?”  
I sat back then and thought for a few minutes.  Hmmm….what did I want from her?  After hearing the whole story I know I didn’t want to kill her, just her dad.  I wasn’t about to let her know that yet though.  Then it hit me.
I sat up again and looked her straight in the eyes.  “I want your father.  This is what we’re going to do.  First off, you’re going to give all of your weapons to Christiaan.  Then we’re going to get ready and go downstairs.  Once we’ve all eaten, we’re going to go to see the General just like we planned.  Only you’re going to tell him that we know everything.  But you’re going to wait until we get into one of the interrogation rooms.  Come up with whatever excuse you have to so we can get him in there but once the door is closed, you tell him that we had this little conversation.  
“You tell him everything you just told me so we have it on tape.  From there we’ll wing it, although, I’m pretty sure I know how things will go.  You want to be rid of your father and have your mother safe, then this is how you get it.  Understand?”  She shook her head yes and told Christiaan that her weapons were in her bag by the door.  
She never took them out because she knew that if something happened and someone got in that we would catch them long before they ever got upstairs, and she would have plenty of time to get her weapons if she needed them then.  She wasn’t expecting this so she didn’t bother unpacking.  It made things easier but I knew she still had one on her so I told her to give me the knife she kept hidden in her bun.  She quickly did so claiming she forgot she carries that one there.
Jojo snorted at this and Madison rolled her eyes.  To say the team was all less than happy at her using everyone, was a vast understatement.  Madison went down to get my clothes and weapons as well as hers and brought them up to Jill’s room so we could get ready.  Jojo and Christiaan went on to do the same.  Maybe becoming a mother has made me weaker to other people’s regrets and pain.  Maybe it was being out of the game for so long.  I wasn’t sure what it was and whether it was a good thing or a bad thing, but either way, I was still fantastic at hiding it so Jill stayed on pins and needles the entire time.  I had Jill stay in the living room of the safe house with the other three there as I went and made my way to my room to find my computer.  
I quickly typed up a new will and instructions for Gary to sign it for me and replace it with the old one, then to burn the old one.  I sealed the envelope and on our way to the General we stopped at a courier service and I gave them their instructions.  I also called Gary to let him know something was coming with instructions inside for him.  I made sure he knew it was from me so he didn’t think it was a hoax, seeing as I had already done this before leaving a few days ago.
Once inside the SUV, we made our way through town and the closer we got to the base the more everyone’s adrenaline started pumping.  The others were as pissed at this whole situation as I was.  
Although, I have to say, hearing Jojo was turning into being the best dad and doing anything it took for his child made me very happy for some reason.  I think it was because I knew what a good father he would be.  Definitely unlike the man we were going to see.  Once pulling up to the building we were meeting the General at we all got out and before entering I asked Jill if she remembered what she was supposed to do.
“I’ve hurt you and failed you in so many ways when you were the one that helped me become the woman I am now.  You saw what was in me when no one else did and you helped me see it.  I won’t fail you again.  I know what I have to do.  It was what I should have done a long time ago.”  At that, she led the way into the facility. 
Let the games begin.
Chapter 11
The General

Before we reached the front door of the facility I reminded my team to keep their faces on so as not to alert the General that we know anything.  They all nodded they understood but I could tell it was something they were itching to not have to do for long so I promised them we’d get to dropping the charade as quickly as possible.  That seemed to give them the added boost they needed to add the stone right before the General opened the front door to greet us.  
We walked in and immediately Jill told the General we had to talk to him in the interrogation room privately about something we just learned over the past couple of hours.  This intrigued him so he went willingly.  I guess he never imagined that what we learned was going to kill him.
Once inside we closed the door and Jojo and Christiaan stood against it with Madison at their side.  Jill walked over to look out the window for a few seconds before speaking.  The whole time I was standing beside her to give her the extra push she needed to go through with this while the General stood in the middle of the room looking at her.
“What is it, Jill?  Why do you seem so upset?  What happened to you guys?  Since when does my top squad look like they went through the washing machine a few times?”  He was starting to speed up his talking to where we could tell he was getting nervous.  Finally Jill turned and spoke to him.
“Do you think what happens to us happens for a reason dad?”  Jill asked.  
He said yes before he caught himself.  Too late.  He had already responded to her when she called him dad.  He sputtered and tried to cover his tracks but it was out there.  “What do you mean ‘dad’?  Why are you calling me that?”
“Oh, come on.  Drop the act.  They know everything.  When I got off the phone with you Rain was in the room with me before I knew it.  She knows everything as do the others like I said.  I told them everything about how you used to beat mom, to how you talked me into enlisting and getting information for you and even about how it was you that wanted Rain dead and not just retired.  The only thing I didn’t tell them was why you wanted her dead so badly.  That’s something I couldn’t tell them seeing as how I don’t know the answer to that myself.  Why don’t you fill us all in on the missing pieces.”
He looked at her for a few minutes then grinned at us both.  I could tell he was a lot more maniacal than I had originally thought.  No man can give that awful of a look to his own daughter without needing to be put down like an animal.
The general looked amused when talking to us.  “What is it you five are thinking?  Do you think you’re just going to waltz in here and get a full confession from me and walk out without ever getting caught?  Did you think I was going to let you walk out of here knowing the truth?  I knew Jill would never be able to keep her mouth shut and she would blow her cover.  She was never as good as you thought she was, Rain. I’m actually surprised that she fooled you this long.  You.  The super woman of soldiers.  The best of the best.” 
At that he let out a hard laugh and looked at us with such hatred.  I stood straight up and looked up at him.  He winced just by my look which I liked.  
I told him barely above a whisper, “She’s much better than you ever will be.  What’s next?  Are you going to get rid of your own daughter too?”
He looked right at Jill before smirking and saying, “If I have too.”
That seemed to get a rise out of everyone.  Jill’s mouth opened slightly and she paled.  I leaned back against the wall knowing full well what he was going to say to that.  I thought Jill needed to hear it from her own father’s mouth, though.
He laughed when he saw her reaction.  I finally spoke up to distract him, and to give her a few minutes to recover.  “Come on, General.  If we’re not getting out of here alive then you should have no problem telling us the truth then.  Call it a last request if you will.”
He seemed to like my attitude about saying we were going to die so he “amused” us.  “Okay then, Rain.  I’ll amuse you before you all die.  I was a colonel in the Army when this all started.  I was supposed to stay at that rank too.  No one thought I’d get this far in the ranks, but look at me now.”
“Boring, General.  How about you stop wasting our time and tell us how this got started.”  I just love busting his balls.  
He started to turn red but then calmed himself.  He looked at me and smirked before starting again.
“As I was saying, no one thought I would get any further up the ranks.  I didn’t like that very well.  I was supposed to be the one you reported to, so I could debrief my superiors then I had an idea spring into my head.  Like all great ideas do, it seemed like magic.  I thought if I could get enough Intel from the inside, things that the teams wouldn’t report, things I could use to my advantage, then I could move further up.  I was right.  The president liked having information first hand.  He liked not having to wait for things to move up the ladder and only getting bits and pieces of the story from the military officers that filtered things for lack of a better word.  This gained me favor and I started moving up the ranks quickly.  Soon I blew past all of the guys that used to outrank me.  This was always fun for me because then I could send them off to Timbuktu and no one would think twice about it.  Soon I was the only original one on this project.
“I knew Jill here could get close to you without you realizing who, or what she was.  I just didn’t think she would blow it so close to the finish line.  Anyway, when my president retired and a new one was brought in, he was just a little too gung hoe on meeting you and having you come back to fix certain things that needed to be fixed.  He thought you would do a better job than just letting me do it.  I knew then that as long as you were alive I would never be number one again; at least not with the president.   
“I plan on running for office soon.  Did I tell you that?  I don’t like having someone in office that wasn’t a soldier.  They just don’t know what it is that we soldiers do, and they can’t understand what it is that needs to be done.  They don’t understand the hard choices that have to be made.  All anyone cares about anymore is politics.  I can make the hard choices.  If a few men have to die to get things done then so be it.  This country has grown weak and senseless.  All we’ve become is a land of pansies.  I can fix that.  Our former president was trying to fix that.  Hell, no one ever thought this program would get this far.  It was supposed to be just a political stunt.  No one ever imagined it would become a success with a woman running it.  Especially not such a young woman.  We all thought you would fall flat on your face and run home to play house like every woman should.  A woman’s place is in the kitchen.”
“You do know, General, that the kitchen is where the knives are, don’t you?”  I hated stereotypes more than anything.  
No one would imagine three petite women would be the most deadly people in the world, yet here we are.  He seemed a little enraged at my interrupting him again.
“When I become president I’ll take us back to the way things were in the good ole days.  You know, when women had to ask for permission to talk.”
“Don’t you mean IF you become president?  You see General we’ve been taping this entire conversation and you’re the one that won’t make it out of here alive today.”  He really didn’t like the new information I gave him.
He began turning ten shades of red before his anger finally erupted and he drew his gun.  A 9mm Beretta.  Right at the same time Jill jumped in front of me screaming no was the same time we heard the pop.  I drew my Beretta and shot the General in the neck right before Christiaan, Madison and Jojo got over there to knock him down.  The guards were rushing in and stopped short to look at the scene while I was lowering Jill to the floor and trying to holster my weapon at the same time.
Jill looked up at me and then down at the hole in her chest.  I said, “Damn, Jill.  Why’d you have to do that?”  
She said ever so weakly, “I told you, Rain.  I wasn’t going to let those kids grow up without their mother.  I would have found a way around killing you.  I was never going to hurt you.  I’m sorry for what I did to hurt you so far.  Maybe now you know what side I was really on.  I just wanted to help my mother.  I didn’t mean for things to get this far.  I’m sorry I disappointed you.”  
“You didn’t disappoint me, Jill.  You went above what I ever would have imagined you would for me.  I know how much the kids will appreciate it and you’ll never know how much I do too.  You gave me another chance to be with them.  You were still like my sister and you should know, I wasn’t going to kill you.  I just wanted your father.”  I told her.
She smiled up at me and shook her head, she said “I know”, then she was gone.  
The General died almost instantly.  Lucky bastard didn’t feel much of anything.  I have to start aiming lower to make them suffer more.
I ordered the MP’s to take Jill’s body to the coroner as well as the Generals.  I told them I was going to speak with the president and would brief them all later as to their next assignments.  They all shook their heads yes and began going about their work while my team and I left to meet at another safe house to talk to the president directly.
When the President arrived a few hours later it was a completely different atmosphere.  His guards were looking at the four of us with itchy trigger fingers.  I think because they knew we could take them all out quickly if we wanted too.  Once he was in and looking at me to start I looked at his guards and said one word to them.  “Out!”  
His head guard spoke up then, “NO!  You can go to hell if you think we’re leaving him alone here with you.”
The President spoke up then.  “No it’s ok John.  You go into the other room while Ms. Harvey talks with me.  If she wanted to hurt me she could’ve already done that.  There’s nothing you guys could do to stop her.  I know that as well as you do since you guys didn’t get picked by her to be in her unit.”
They didn’t look happy but did as they were told. “Madison.  Christiaan.  Jojo.”  They left as soon as I said their names and followed the president’s secret service men out and stood in front of the door preventing them from coming back in until I said so.
“Wow.  I never would have imagined that such a young, beautiful woman could be so dangerous.  You really don’t fit the image I had in my head when I heard people talking about you.  For someone that’s the best of everything and as utterly dangerous as you are, I would have imagined you would be a lot more…butch I think is the word I’m looking for.  Not to mention the way your team knows exactly what you want from them without you saying it.  All you have to say is their names?  Wow.  Too bad you can’t train my guys like that.”
“Sorry Mr. President but I don’t train circus monkeys.  Now if you don’t mind I think we need to get down to business.” I said bluntly.   He shook his head.  
“Did you know the General was planning on taking you out?”  Again he shook his head.  
“Well now you know.”  I said in almost a laugh.
“Where is he?”  The president asked fearfully.
“Dead.  I killed him a few hours ago.  Right after he killed my number two.  She was his daughter.  He was the one trying to kill me and was trying to use her to do it.  She took the bullet for me.  He was trying to kill me because of something YOU said.”  I didn’t try to hide my anger when I said those words to him.
“Which is?  I didn’t say anything to him about wanting you dead.  All I wanted was to meet you and possibly have you do some house cleaning I guess you could call it.” He exclaimed almost fearfully.
“Exactly.  You told him you wanted me to do it instead of him, which is why he was pissed and tried to have me killed.  Along with my children.  My words were dripping with venom at that point.
“Did you actually threaten my life when he went to you with the job offer four years ago?  He said you wanted to stay in retirement and refused the job offer by saying you would come for my head if I didn’t leave you alone.  I have to say, I was slightly scared.” This man that runs our country looked so small while saying these words.
I rolled my eyes when he said this.  “You do understand how stupid you sound by even asking that, right?  I may have been retired but IF he had come to me with a job offer, which he didn’t, I wouldn’t have threatened my president.  I still know my place.  I am however coming for the prior president.  Apparently, this little game they’ve been playing has something to do with him.”
He paled slightly but quickly regained his composure.  “You’re right Ms. Harvey.  I do understand how stupid that sounds now after meeting you.  I am sorry that the previous president was or is in on this plot to kill you.  Is there anything I can do to help you?  After all, it’s the least I can do after everything you’ve done for this country.  And knowing you never threatened me makes me feel a little safer now.  Now that I know you’re on my side.”  He chuckled a little.  “I know.  I sound like a pansy.”
“Well, I’m not going to lie; you kind of do but not everyone can be the soldier.  Give me a direct line to reach you at so I don’t have to threaten people to get you on the phone and when the time comes I’ll let you know what you can do to help me.” I was glaring at my watch at that point knowing we’ve been there too long as it is.
He gave me a direct number to get a hold of him and left with his men while mine went with me in the opposite direction.  
Christiaan asked, “So what are we doing now boss?”
“Well, first of all, you three are going back to the safe house for a few days while I go back to see my kids for a few days and brief my security team there on what’s going on.  I want you guys to get ahold of 6-15 and have them brought to my house along with you three when you all arrive.  Then, on Saturday, we’re going hunting.”  The others could taste the hatred in my voice and knew that what was coming was going to be harsh.
At that they left to do what they were told and I took a taxi home.  I wasn’t sure what I was going to do next but I knew that whatever it was I was going to have to work fast.  
I walked into my front door and Gary practically pounced on me before realizing who it was coming in the door.  I was glad he was doing his job, but I was a little thrown off that he didn’t notice it was me sooner.
He figured out it was me when I had him against the wall.  He started apologizing immediately and then it dawned on me how fast things really happened.  I guess not many people react as quickly as I do to anything.  I let him go and asked where the kids were.  He said he was on his way to go get them when he seen the door opening.  He wasn’t sure who was coming in so he tried to jump me.  I do have to admit, he is still pretty quick for an old man.  I gave him strict instructions to bring the kids straight home so I can surprise them.  I haven’t been away from them for very long at all until now so these past five days feels like a lifetime.
He did as he was told and forty minutes later he was pulling back into the driveway.  Jesse kept a hold of Rory’s hand saying they weren’t supposed to be coming home yet.  He looked a little stunned as did Dante, Justin, Ben, Andrew and Becky but they made their way inside quickly like they were told.  
As soon as the kids opened the door and seem me they started screaming and running for me which the bodyguards couldn’t notice, so when they heard the kids screaming and running they were all four trying to squish through the door at the same time to get into the house quicker.  All I could do was laugh and hug my babies.
As soon as the guards realized why the kids were screaming they were grumbling about not being told and thinking they were in danger.  About five minutes later Logan was barreling into the driveway as quickly as possible and running into the door yelling for Gary about the kids being gone before he seen me.  After he seen me it was like the kids all over again.  He ran for me and picked me and the kids up hugging us.
“Are you done?  Is it over?”  He asked quickly.
“No, I’m only half way done but now seemed like a good time to come back and see the kids for a couple days.”  He got this almost hurt look on his face; maybe because I didn’t include him into that statement, but it quickly vanished.  
I think just the fact of me being home was enough for him for now.  I think he also knew I wasn’t ready to say that I loved him yet.   Either way, he let it go and showed me he was happy I was there.  I was starting to realize that this man is the man I’ve been waiting on.
When all is said and done, though, no one will be safe until this is over and everyone involved in this scheme to kill me was dead.  That meant I was going hunting, again, very soon.  I still had someone on my shit list and wasn’t going to stop until he was dead.








Chapter 12
Near Death

On Wednesday I went back to work to try to get some things done while I was there or at least for the time the kids were in school.  I wanted to spend as much time with them as possible over the next few days before I had to leave again.  I knew this next target would be a little more difficult to get next to so I would have to go about things a little more delicately.
I went through a few of the companies and the rest of the employees by the time lunch had rolled around.  By then I was so hungry I couldn’t believe it.  I never got this hungry and couldn’t for the life of me figure out why I was so much so now.  Either way, I didn’t give it much thought when I started to leave to go get some lunch.  I was wearing a pants suit today so I didn’t have my gun on my leg like normal.  Today it was in my purse.  I went down the elevator to the parking garage and started for my vehicle when it dawned on me I had left my purse up in my office, so I turned to go back up and get it, mainly for my gun since I had money in my pocket, but something had caught my attention before I had a chance to get that far.  
I stopped and turned to see what the small shadow I had seen was.  It wasn’t there.  I know I seen something or someone.  I walked to the front of the car where I had seen the shadow, but again, nothing.  Weird.  I could have sworn I seen something there.  Normally nothing slips past me.  I don’t know how I could have seen something and it could be gone that fast, much less if it was someone how they could be that quick and silent.
I stood there listening to the sounds in the parking garage but heard nothing.   My senses were still on edge though, as if someone were there with me, but no matter how hard I tried to find the person I couldn’t find it.  Maybe I was still a little on edge from the past week and the upcoming few weeks.  Either way, something was making my nerves electrify and I wasn’t sure exactly what it was.  Right then, when I turned to go back towards the elevator I saw it again.  This time I knew what I saw.  A man in a ski mask.  A small man but he definitely had a gun. 
I ducked behind the car that I was standing beside and wondered that the hell was going on now.  Who the fuck is this?  Damn, it’s amazing how everyone comes out of the woodwork to kill you when one does.  Perfect.   I forget my gun on the one day when I actually need it.  This is why I hate pants suits.  At least when it comes to weapons.  Pants are great, I prefer them actually, but it’s bad when you have no way of hiding your weapon.  Not to mention, I only carry a purse because I have to.  It completes the female look which keeps my cover for the military.  
“You can’t let anyone know about your military career since these units technically don’t exist.”  Yeah, right.  Awesome, I love what my military experience has gotten me; six bullet holes, twelve stab wounds, and tons of enemies that are out to kill me.  On the other hand, all of the lives saved by the missions my units have done made it worth it.  I don’t know how much longer these games are going to go on but I knew I had to put a stop to this shit quick before it got me or my kids killed.  I couldn’t let that happen.
At that last thought I heard the sound of a very soft footstep getting very close to the side of the car.  The second before I was about to attack I heard the *PING* from the elevator.  That caught the attention of whoever was coming close to me and they took off running in the other direction.  
“Rain!  Rain!  Where are you?”  It was Justin.  What the hell was he doing here?  He was supposed to be at the school with the kids.
I stepped out and around the car to ask him when as soon as I did that feeling was back and stronger than ever.  Before I had a chance to see who it was, the shots started ringing out.  I was hit in the side of my heart.  Justin ducked as I was dropping to the ground and he pulled his gun looking in the direction the shot came from but he wasn’t seeing what I saw as I was looking on without realizing fully what was going on.  
Whoever this shooter was, he was very good.  To hit someone from about one hundred and fifty feet, ducked down, with a 9 mm. was extremely good shooting.  I only knew of about 6 people that could do it.  One was me, one was dead now. Three were my team members and the other, from what I seen in his file, was Gary.  This person didn’t fit the physical appearance of any of those people though.
Justin slowly crept over to where I was to see if I was still breathing while keeping his eyes on the garage and looking for the shooter.  This bullet was so close to my heart I couldn’t catch my breath.  I couldn’t stop him from getting too close to me and in the line of fire of the shooter.  I was shaking my head as much as I could while keeping my eyes on the shooter, but he didn’t notice.  
Too late.  He had already taken two in the chest and one in the shoulder before I could stop him from getting in the shooter’s line of fire.
He went down faster than I did and he was closer to the ground.  I started feeling lightheaded, which I knew was because of the blood loss.  Justin was already unconscious then and the shooter stepped out from where he was hiding.  He was a small man but something about his eyes was familiar.  He walked over and kneeled down beside me.  I was way beyond dizzy at that point and wasn’t sure if I could even move, much less fight back.  He smiled an evil looking smile which I’m sure I’d seen before and said to me in an almost fake voice, “Stay away from Winters.  He doesn’t belong to you.”  Then more gun shots rang out and he walked away.
When you look back on your life you wonder how you got to the point you’re at and what you could have done differently to change things so they didn’t get you to this point.
	Well that’s exactly the thoughts that crossed my mind when I was lying on the wet asphalt with my blood slowly oozing out of the gunshot wound that I just received.  This now gaping hole in me is for what, for loving someone, for finally giving in and letting my guard down to someone that I trust? 
“Way to go Rain”, I think to myself. “Now what?” I try to move only to realize the wound is up to high and the more I move around the faster I lose blood.  
“Dammit!” I scream as loudly as possible because it’s the only thing I can do.  After everything I survived up until now, my once mundane life turned upside down by one man, finishing my degree while working and now this. 
What now?  What can I do to save myself?  If I don’t do something soon I’m going to leave my children orphans.  That’s the one thing I refuse to do.  “Get up Rain! Find your cell phone, Rain! Call for help, Rain!  No matter what this Bastard can’t win!  He will NOT beat me! I don’t care how much he wants me dead and away from Logan, I will not let him dictate my life and my loved ones!” 
Slowly, I climb to my knees and spot my purse and my cell phone.  That must have been what Justin was doing when he was coming to the parking garage.  He noticed I wasn’t there and seen my purse.  Berdina must’ve told him where I was going so he figured he’d bring me my purse.  I slowly crawl over to it and dial 9-1-1.  “9-1-1 Operator how can I help you?” 
Silence. “Hello I can’t hear you.  You’re going to have to speak up for me to help you.”  Again silence.  I made it to the phone and was able to dial it but the amount of blood I was losing pumping from my heart was too much and I black out.
To my forgotten advantage 9-1-1 has a trace locator on all calls that are placed.  Now the question lingers as to whether they’ll reach me fast enough.
I must’ve been unconscious because I started seeing glimpses of my children and Logan.  However brief our time together has been he was obviously a bigger part of my life than I realized.  Then, the now loveable extended family I have started going through my life as well.  Hazel, Gary, Katie, Ben, Andrew, Dante, Berdina, and Justin.  Right then I started feeling my fingers.  
I knew he was shot but I didn’t know if he was still alive.  If I didn’t do something soon we were both going to leave our children without a parent.  Only mine would have neither parent around.  I had to do something.  At that I started fighting away the blackness that wanted to settle over me and tried moving.  At first I felt my fingers then my arms.  This hole in my chest was making it extremely hard to move though.  I still couldn’t catch my breath but I’d be damned if I was going to just lay here and let us die without trying.
At that I sat up on my knees and seen my purse in front of me.  Shit, what the hell do I have in that small purse that I could use to possibly stop bleeding?  Then I remembered my period was due in a few days.  I had tampons in my purse, well on the ground now.  
I took one and took it out of the tube and stuffed it in Justin’s gunshot wound.  Then, I repeated that with his other two holes and with my own.  Afterwards I picked up my phone and called 9-1-1 again.  The dispatcher came on and immediately asked where I was because they had already sent the paramedics to my location but they were having problems finding where in the building I was located, so they were making their way from floor to floor searching.  
I said, “Par-king gar-age,” but I was still having problems catching my breath so I wasn’t sure if the dispatcher caught what I said.  She must have because not even a minute later the *PING* from the elevator sounded and a couple of paramedics and police officers as well as Berdina came rushing out looking in both directions for someone injured.
When Berdina saw me she screamed for the paramedics and they came running.  She asked me if I knew who shot us and I shook my head no which seemed to confuse her.  I guess it’s hard for someone to imagine someone that’s as good as me to get hit by a random shooter.  The paramedics said Justin’s wounds weren’t very severe but his blood loss was.  They said if I hadn’t have plugged his wound he would have bled out by now.  I felt better knowing Justin would make it but I wanted to know who did this.  
Berdina must have called upstairs because a few minutes later Logan was sprinting head long through the elevator doors and around the corner to where we were.  He stopped short when he saw me lying in my own blood panting.  He started screaming and asked Berdina what the hell happened.  She told him all she knew and the paramedic asked about me.  He and Berdina gave them all of my information and Logan claimed he was my fiancé so he could ride in the ambulance with me.
I must have been going in and out of consciousness because I was only getting bits and pieces of the conversation between the paramedic and Logan.  Apparently, the reason I was having so much trouble breathing was because the bullet not only nicked my heart but hit my lung.  The paramedic claimed it was just a graze but until it could be sewn shut my lung had collapsed.  Great, this is just great.  I’m definitely going to be down for a while now.  When I got to Atlanta Medical Center they were saying they were going to take me into surgery immediately.  
I stopped them however and told Logan to tell Madison, Christiaan, and Jojo so they can protect my children.  He shook his head yes with tears in his eyes.  I gave him the address of the safe house where they were and the doctor told Logan I shouldn’t still be conscious much less talking and if they didn’t get me into surgery soon I was going to die.  At that, Logan told me to just rest and he would take care of it.
When I came too finally I started looking around slowly and there sat Logan sleeping in the chair by my bed.  I smiled a little, and then reached over to slowly pat his hand.  He stirred a little but as soon as he realized I was awake he jumped up and looked at me.
“Oh my God, you’re awake!  Are you ok?  Who did this to you?  I have to get a doctor hold on.”  He was asking me so quickly I didn’t have time to answer anything.  
He took off running for the door and made his way out to the hallway screaming.  “Doctor!  She’s awake.  Doc, Rain’s awake.  Hurry!”  
With that, he came running back into the room and almost flew over the bed before he caught himself enough to sit back on the opposite side of the bed with me.  The doctors and nurses came rushing into the room then and so began the checkups and procedures to see if I was ok.
After about a half an hour everyone expect a doctor, a police officer, and Logan cleared out leaving the doctor and cop to question me.  The doctor insisted on staying in for the questioning to see if he can catch any pertinent information that may help him understand what happened so he can piece together what hurt me and saved me.
I almost shit myself when they started asking me questions because apparently I had been in a coma for over a week after the shooting and surgery.  I couldn’t believe that much time passed.  I sat straight up asking about the kids in a panic.  Seeing me wince at the pain I just caused myself Logan said, “Madison and Christiaan told them you were working and would be back soon.    Easy, easy, you need to lie back down before you rip open your wound.”  
I started to lie back but then remembered Justin was also shot and right before I asked the door opened and Justin walked in.  I was extremely happy to see him alive and he smiled when he seen me awake and came rushing over asking me how I was.  I didn’t have time to answer though because the officer cut in telling him he needed to leave because he was questioning me.  Justin didn’t seem to sit well with that because he let the officer have it and finished with telling him he wasn’t going to leave.  He walked over to the opposite side of the bed where Logan was and sat in the chair opening a magazine but paying attention the questioning the entire time.
The officer muttered under his breath, “God damn rich bastards think they can get away with whatever they want and not follow the law unless they need us.”
Then the officer asked me if I knew who it was that shot me and I told him no.  He asked if I knew why anyone would want to hurt me and again I told him no but he saw the look that Logan and Justin shared and asked them if they had anything to add to the statement before he left.  
Justin says, “Yeah. You better hope you find whoever did this before I do.”  
That seemed to get the officer’s blood flowing, “Now see here, if you interfere with an ongoing police investigation you will be arrested.  This is a police matter now and I don’t need some young punk getting himself killed trying to play hero.”
“Playing hero?  What the hell do you mean playing hero?  I’ve been to every hell this world has to offer and did it all to ensure the freedom of you and any other idiot along with your freedom of speech, no matter how stupid you sound.  I don’t think I’m the one playing hero here.”  Justin didn’t like anyone implying he was some vigilante playing hero.
“Ok boy, I get it.  You’re no average street punk, but you didn’t survive every hell on earth to come home and die because you got in over your head and got into a bad situation.”  Again, Officer Davis thought he was talking to some ordinary street kid.  
This time Justin just looked at him and smiled a deadly smile and said, “Like I said, I’m hunting now Officer, so if you don’t want me in this then you better hope you’re a better hunter than I am because once I find who did this I will kill him.
Officer Davis gave him a dirty look but shook his head and walked out.  
The doctor then began telling me what had happened.  “Apparently, from what we’ve gotten from others you went down to get lunch.  You must have realized you forgot your purse because you were headed back towards the elevator when Justin here met you down there to give it to you.  At that point someone opened fire hitting you.  A few minutes later they also hit Justin while he was covering you and trying to find the shooter.  He took three in the chest and shoulder and would have died if you wouldn’t have done what you did.  That was pretty quick thinking to use tampons.  I don’t think any of us would have ever thought of that.  You’re definitely very brilliant.  What we don’t understand is how you were able to stay conscious for as long as you did to not only save yourself but to also tell the paramedics where you were.  Plus you stayed conscious for a majority of the ride here and didn’t rest until we knocked you out.  No one should have been able to stay conscious after sustaining that amount of blood loss.  So what’s your secret, wonder woman?”
Justin, Logan, and I all chuckled when he said that.  I said, “I’m no wonder woman.  I just wasn’t about to let myself or Justin die without a fight.  We both have kids and can’t leave them like that.”  
He must have understood that because he said the love a parent has for a child is nothing that anyone can match and left the room.  That was when the real questioning began.
Logan and Justin asked pretty much as soon as the door closed if I really knew who it was that tried killing me so I gave them my accounts of everything that happened and when I finished Logan seemed horrified.  
“I don’t understand who would do this to you because of me.  I’m so sorry, Rain.  You’ll never know how sorry I am.  I never would’ve wanted you to be hurt because of me.  I think its best I stay away from you as well.  I only wanted to protect you and instead I damn near got you killed.”  He started walking away and I sat up and started yelling at him.
That pissed me off so I picked up the water pitcher and flung it at him intending to hit him in the back but it nailed him square in the back of the head.  I guess with holes in me I don’t throw as well yet.
“Hey, Bonehead.  Get your ass over here and sit back down now!”  He looked a little confused but did so.  I think just because he didn’t want me upset or to pull out my stitches.  “First of all, I won’t let anyone dictate my life and control who I’m with or who I love.  Second of all, you did save me.  Thirdly, don’t get your panties in a wad because I really don’t think it was about you anyway.  I think it was just a cover the shooter used to throw us off in the case I did live or to hurt me while I lay there dying.”  
They both winced when I said the word dying.
“Wait a second.  Did you just say that you loved me?”  Logan looked a little stunned when he asked.  I realized when he asked that I did say it out loud.  
“Yes, Logan.  I do love you.  I should have told you before I left the first time but I wasn’t ready to say it then.” I figured since I said it on accident I may as well say it on purpose.
His smile got so big that I wasn’t sure what he was going to do next.  He looked like he was going to cry.  He just leaned down and put his head on my shoulder and whispered in my ear that he wasn’t going to go anywhere.
I found out during the rest of the conversation that my team had shown up at the kid’s school which is why Justin came back to protect me.  He said he knew I wouldn’t leave without my purse so he thought he would meet me in the middle and bring it to me which was why he was there in the parking garage.
Madison, Christiaan, and Jojo were protecting the kids as well as six through fifteen, Berdina included.  They were determined no one was going to get though the perimeter and hurt my children.  They were also switching and taking shifts staying with me so I was never left unprotected.  Ironically it just happened to be Logan here when I woke up, however, according to Justin Logan very seldom left anyway, and if he did it was only to shower change and eat then he was back again.
Once all the questioning was over Logan immediately got on the phone with Madison and Gary letting them know I was awake and okay.  They were all happy and told me the kids were asking about me since I haven’t called because ‘Mommy promised to always call.’  I told them to tell the kids I got hurt when I was at work and that I was in the hospital so the doctors could give me medicine to get better then bring them up to see me.  
I couldn’t wait to see the kids.  The doctor told me it would be a few days before I would be released so being able to see them now would be amazing.  The fact that nine days had went by without me seeing them or them at least talking to me made me sad but madder than ever.  Whoever did this better have found a very deep, dark hole to hide in because when I found them they were going to wish they were never stupid enough to try to take me from my children.
While Logan was out calling Madison and Gary Justin told me that at one point Logan had almost been kicked out of the hospital because he apparently was having a nightmare about me never waking from the coma and woke up screaming about it.  The doctors said when he started screaming my heart rate and vitals went up some which at first caused them to think he was causing me distress but later they thought it was my body’s involuntary way of trying to wake myself to protect him possibly.  That sounds about right to me.  The thought of Logan going through that sent a pang of guilt through me though.  I didn’t know his feelings for me were that deep.








CHAPTER 13
Rendezvous with a Russian

Three days later I was being discharged from the hospital, and to say that I was more than ready to go, was saying the least, however, as soon as we got out the front door I felt something off.  The same man that I’ve seen around town a few other times was standing off to the side of the entrance near where Justin had parked the SUV.  I noticed him before Justin and Logan and took note to the fact that he had no weapons drawn and wasn’t seemingly threatening by the way he was acting.
As soon as Justin seen the man standing there he automatically drew his weapon and began rushing the man.  Instead of responding to the threats coming from my bodyguard he still looked at me and spoke in Russian.  He asked if I was alright and if we had caught the person responsible for shooting me and my bodyguard.  I told him we were both fine but the perpetrator got away that day, luckily for them.
All he did was smirk which made me a little uneasy but I still told Justin to stand down.  Justin was apprehensive about doing so but listened with the utmost caution, while still half standing in front of me.  He continued to eye every move this new stranger made, however, almost as if he was expecting him to try to assassinate me that very moment.
After what seemed like hours the man looked at me and spoke, again in Russian, saying he knew who shot me and had the person in custody.  This man also informed me he was willing to follow me to any location to surrender this person to me.  At first I was a little stunned by his forwardness but then it finally hit me who this man really was.  
This was the new Russian Warlord.  This was the man that had watched me kill his father in front of him so many years ago.  That’s why this man knew who and what I was.  The big question was why was he helping me?
After standing there staring this man down for a few seconds I nodded towards him and told him to follow us.  He agreed and got into the vehicle beside us then preceded to follow us the ten miles through town to the outskirts to the safe house where I had stayed with my team not so long ago.
Once we arrived, we got out and Logan, Justin and I began to go in but we stopped short noticing the Russian was getting something from the back of the SUV he was in.  I signaled for Justin to stand down because I knew even with the hole that was still only partially healed in my chest I could take this man out if the need came down to it, and frankly I didn’t want Justin or Logan to take the chance of trying and getting hurt.
About ten seconds later he came around the back of the SUV with a person in tow.  Whoever it was had a bag over their head and was obviously not happy about being tied up because they were struggling against their bindings.  This man had also stuffed something in this person’s mouth so they couldn’t talk.  We got into the house with the Russian hot on our heels and he flung the person into the chair that was set up with shackles for interrogation.
After shackling the prisoner to the chair he removed the mask and revealed a woman.  Jill’s mother no less.  I was so surprised I couldn’t hide my shock which seemed to amuse her more than anything.
“Awe, poor Rain.  What’s wrong?  You never expected me to be such a threat to you, did you?  Well looks like you’re wrong.” Patty said.
All I could do was stand there for a few moments looking at her.  This woman that I’d met and been around so many times, that seemed like a mother to me was trying to kill me?  It didn’t make sense to me.
“Why, Patty?  Why, of all people, are you trying to kill me?  After everything I’ve been through with Jill, and being around you, why would you all of a sudden turn on me and try to kill me?” I asked confused.
At those questions and my confusion she began to laugh hysterically.  I couldn’t tell if she was going crazy or if she really thought this was that funny.  After a few moments she regained her composure and slowed her breathing enough to talk to me.
“YOU KILLED MY DAUGHTER AND MY HUSBAND!!! You of all people, you who barely speak with your own family excel in everything yet you can’t even sense when someone is out to get you.  All this time Jill was coming after you and you never knew what was coming.  She would have succeeded too if my idiot husband hadn’t blown her cover for his own selfish ambitions.  Now they’re both dead because of you.  Do you have any idea how hard this was for Jill to kill you?  She loved you like a sister and didn’t want to kill you, yet you slayed her in cold blood.  
“And my husband.  My poor husband resolved to watching our only child die in front of his own eyes and knowing he could do nothing about it.  I told my brother we should have killed you a long time ago when you first started excelling through the ranks and occupations, but no.  Who listens to a meager civilian?  Definitely not someone like the president of the United States.”  
I must have raised my eyebrows a little because she then looked at me and said, “Don’t look at me like that, because I know you know he was behind this.  Although you probably didn’t know he was my brother until now.  Oh to hell with it.  I have nothing else to lose.  You want to know everything?  I’ll tell you all you want to know, and most likely, some you don’t want to know.”
I was a little intrigued at this point so I walked over to the chair facing her and sat down while Logan, Justin and the Russian took seats to the left between the kitchen and the living room where we were.  All three somehow managing to put themselves between me and Patty somehow even though she was shackled.
She started from the beginning.  “I was only three when my family moved my mother and me here to America.  Once we got here we were never allowed to speak another word in Russian again.  We first started in Canada and got papers, then immigrated to the United States.  It’s the easiest thing for us Russians to do, you see.  It’s how most of us get in undetected.  Anyway, we met up with my father and my brother and we settled in as one big happy family.  My father had just finished his law degree and started a very successful practice.  Then, he went on to politics.  My brother soon followed in his footsteps only with more success.  He eventually went on to become president.  My father was overjoyed.  I had my last name changed when I was fifteen to protect our privacy and to make sure I couldn’t be connected to my brother.  I started working in the white house as an aide.
“When I was eighteen I met Chuck, the General, he was Second lieutenant at the time and was very good looking but was not very ambitious.  To say he needed some guidance was putting it mildly.  That’s when my brother had the idea that I marry this man and use him to push along with some plans that he had to get a program running to try to get things on a more diplomatic level with Russia and America, when really trying to cause a nuclear war to wipe out America.  That’s why when the program started getting underway my brother and husband picked you to run it.  No one thought you would ever get as far in the program as you did, much less be able to train as many soldiers in the ways you have.  Turning the soldiers and making them think you’ve been compromised has proven to be an even harder issue.  When you inspire loyalty, Rain, you do it well.”
The glare this woman gave me showed that she had so much hate in her that she could kill a nation without even flinching.  It made me wonder what made this woman so spiteful.  Then it made me think of myself.  Is this what I was destined to become if I didn’t soften myself up to be loved and to love someone else in return?  Either way I didn’t like the way things were going so I prompted her into finishing her story.
“I was the one that convinced Chuck to go along with this whole plan of ours.  He hated hitting me but little did he know I was able to defend myself if I wanted too.  Eventually his anger bubbling over caused him to start hitting me and it became second nature for him furthering the thought for Jill that she needed to protect me from her father.  It made everything fall into place.  And as much as she didn’t know it, she was Russian in every way so her fighting abilities came naturally.  Her father was still unaware to our heritage so he was more than shocked at her self-defense and fighting abilities when the time came.  
“I thought he was going to pop a vein in his forehead when you named her number two.  Her uncle, Harold, the ex-president and my brother, couldn’t believe how lucky he thought he got when that happened.  He thought for sure there would be a Russian on the head of Military affairs to protect and serve the way we Russians thought it should be done, but of course that didn’t happen.  Not with you, little miss perfect, unwilling to let someone else take over and be better than you.  So that’s when we had the idea to just kill you off.  Jill was less than enthused to say the least, but her father persuaded her to get her head back in the game by beating me.  She thought it was more severe than it actually was.  As it turns out it was a lot of make-up and prosthetics to make me look worse than I was.  It got her back to where we needed her to be.  She went back at things full force thinking she was protecting me.  And instead of succeeding, you killed her like a dog, you Bitch!”
“Is that it?  Are you finished now?”  I asked.  She shook her head yes but the fire in her eyes was horrible.
I sat back and looked at her with such pity for a few minutes then I told her the truth.  “I wasn’t the one that killed your daughter.  I had no intention of killing her.  I made her think I was going to so I could get to your husband.  He was the one I wanted for setting me up and selling me out.  In this business loyalty is everything and that’s something he seemed to forget.  When we confronted him he was enraged about me finding out the truth so soon and drew on me.  Jill jumped in the way to protect me and was hit.  I dropped your husband and sat with Jill the few seconds before she died.  Seconds in which she apologized for being involved in this whole scheme, and warned me not to trust anyone.  She said she did it all to protect her frail fragile mother.  A mother who, consequently, was the cause of her death.  Isn’t it ironic?  Jill did everything she could to protect a mother she thought was being abused and nearly killed, and in turn, that mother was using her and got her killed.”
This enraged Patty so much that she fought against the chains so violently she ended up breaking one of her wrists.  She violently screamed out in pain and swore she would kill me if it were the last thing she ever did on this earth.  At that, I had Nickoli unshackle her, and as soon as he did she grabbed for whatever object was closest to her, which happened to be a lamp and swung it at me with such force that it spun her completely around in a full circle when she missed.  I immediately put her in a choke hold and told her I was sorry about Jill, but she was getting what she deserved and then some, considering Jill didn’t deserve what Patty put her through.  I let her struggle for a few seconds, then, with one quick jerky movement, I snapped her neck and she crumpled to the floor.
I immediately called Madison to fill her in on what had just happened and told her to have someone come clean up this mess before things got worse.  
After hanging up I turned my attention back to Nickoli standing in the corner quietly.  “Okay, Nickoli, you have my attention.  You brought me someone I was after and gave me something I needed, what is it you want from me?”
At first I didn’t think he was going to answer because he just stood there looking at me and the dead woman that now lay at my feet.  Finally, he looked up and looked me dead in the eye before speaking. 
 “Ms. Harvey, a few years ago you saved me and my people from my father’s tyrannical rein.  We surely would have made war with the U.S. by now if He were still in control for He was friends with your ex-president.  They were trying to destroy the United States.  I was the only one that knew you were coming that night.  I knew exactly where you were coming in and I was supposed to be there to kill you so my country could consider it an act of treason to declare war.  I, however, knew I would be no match for you and wanted the war to end, so I made a different call.  
“I decided to be in a different location when you were supposed to be there.  I figured you would already be gone when I got to my father so when I saw you weren’t I pretended not to see you and walk down the hall and back to give you time to get away.  Don’t get me wrong I wasn’t concerned for your safety, but that of my men’s.  I knew you would take them out and I didn’t want any more innocent people to die.  That’s why I ordered you to be off limits and for no one to come after you.  When a call came in saying they could kill you and you had put a hit out on me I needed to see it for myself so I came to America and followed you for a while.”  
I simply raised my eyes to him.  “Do not get me wrong Miss Harvey; I am under no false pretenses.  I know you knew I was there following you but I needed to be sure of what I was seeing.  I was going to leave the day you were shot but I saw this woman following you around for a few days so I kept track of her.  By the time I got close enough to capture her she had already shot you and there was nothing I could do.  I shot out a few shots as she was standing over you to make sure she didn’t kill you or injure you any more than she already had, however.  I called 9-1-1 and tied her up.  I kept her in this very safe house until I knew you were supposed to be getting out of the hospital today.  I followed you here, so I knew this was a safe house.  I didn’t think you would mind my holding her here for you to interrogate.”  With that Nickoli ended his conversation and put his head back down.
“You still haven’t answered my question.  What do you want in return for her and this new information?”
“Miss Harvey, it’s simple.  All I want is peace with your country.  With you as an enemy we would all be sure to perish.  Russians are strong brutes but were not dumb.  We know when we’re out matched, and as long as you’re in the game, or training others, then we’re outmatched.  All Russia wants is to be an ally of America.  I want you to take that offer to your president and if and when he accepts that offer, I would like for you to bring me his terms or if you choose not to be the middle man then to set up a mutual date and time we can discuss this.  I trust you to keep things equal and for our side not to be taken advantage of.”
I looked at this man for a full five minutes before making a decision.  Once I did I simply shook my head at him  He walked out the door and disappeared as quickly as he had appeared.  Moments later Madison appeared with a containment team to clean up after the General’s wife.
I gave Madison a rundown of what happened and she seemed just as shocked as I was at first, then when she asked what he looked like and I told her she paled.  I asked what was wrong and she said that Patty had come close to breaching security once because she was friends with Hazel, unbeknownst to Hazel she was an enemy, but that Nickoli, posing as the new gardener, took a shot towards where she was walking to get the security team running in that direction and sweeping Patty out and away from the house.  It was the day of the shooting.
“I’m so sorry, Rain, I didn’t think anything of it at the time with the shooting.  We were all so worried about you that we didn’t even think twice about it.”  Madison quickly stammered.
“It’s ok, Madison.  Obviously, Nickoli was protecting more than just me.  He was making sure he paid me back for getting rid of his little problem, and from what I can tell, he doesn’t like anyone messing with kids.” I said even though I wasn’t completely sold on the idea that all he wanted was peace.
CHAPTER 14
The Former President

After leaving the safe house to head back home Logan seemed to have some questions that he had been holding back on before.
“Rain, I don’t understand how someone like you can get yourself into something like this.  I mean don’t get me wrong, you’re amazing at this, but is it really a compliment to say someone is a good assassin?  You’re such a petite, brilliant woman, so why pick this career field?”
I looked at him for a few minutes contemplating what he asked, because to be honest, I had never really given it much thought myself, until now.  I wasn’t really sure how to respond to those questions which seemed to irritate me.  It was obvious he noticed my irritation, but I think he thought it was because he asked those questions.  My irritation was because of the questions but not because he asked them; more so because I wasn’t sure of the answers.
After a few minutes of thinking about things I told him to pull over at a park we were going past at the time.  He pulled into the park and pulled up to the lake.  We got out and walked up to it to sit on the bank.  After a few more minutes I finally spoke.
“Look, Logan, the truth is I don’t actually know what it was that made me decide to be a killer.  I explained to you about my past and how I was a very angry child and teen.  I was always feeling neglected and didn’t know how to deal with things.  I was walking around aimlessly trying to decide what to do when I overheard a recruiter talking to someone about enlisting.  He said that less than one percent of the American population become soldiers.  This caught my attention.  I liked being able to say I could do something someone else wasn’t able to do.  I was always overcompensating for being the young, small, unwanted child.  My mother is 100% Cherokee Indian and my father loved her more than anything.  My mother left me a notebook with her favorite sayings and quotes in it.  My half siblings always tried to take it from me but were never able to.  On the cover she wrote: There is a battle of two wolves inside us all.  One is evil.  It is anger, jealousy, greed, resentment, lies, inferiority and ego.  The other is good.  It is joy, peace, love, hope, humility, kindness, empathy and truth.  The wolf that wins?  The one you feed. It’s an old Cherokee proverb but I never understood it at the time. 
“I was three when the evil wolf in me took over and I became everything she never wanted me to be.  I was filled with anger and hatred.  I was mad at the world for losing the only person that seemed to care about me.  When I enlisted things came so easy for me that I felt like that was where I belonged and the government didn’t seem to mind that I was Indian or a killer.  Killing was easy for me.  I was mad at the world.  I felt superior because of my skill set and I seemed to forget everything my mother ever taught me about humility and forgiveness.  
“After I got pregnant it felt like I ran into a brick wall.  Everything in my life seemed to change.  I realized what I had done and how many lives I took.  I realized how many families I possibly destroyed.  I know it was my job and if I didn’t do it then someone else would, possibly even someone that wasn’t as qualified and could’ve gotten themselves killed in the process, but that doesn’t change the fact that I was the one that destroyed people.
“I don’t have any issues killing if that’s the way I make it sound.  It’s a job and it’s one I’m very good at.  When I had my children, though, I chose to be a mother and a teacher instead of a killer.  That doesn’t mean I won’t go back to being a master assassin, like now.  I will do anything, be anything, I have to do to keep my family safe and if that means I have to bring down the entire Government then that’s exactly what I’ll do.  It won’t matter who or what they put in my way.  I will plow through anyone and anything because they made the biggest mistake of their lives selling me out after everything I’ve done for them.”
With that I think Logan saw the fury in my eyes and let the conversation end there.  We went back to the SUV and finished the short trip home.  Once there the kids were so ecstatic I couldn’t keep the fury that had been building in me.  I was so happy to be home with them that everything else seemed unimportant for the time being.
Over the next two weeks things seemed to progress normally with me healing and going about work daily.  After work I’d hit the gym in the building and get back into shape making sure my injury wasn’t going to be an issue when the time came.  
After the second week was up I figured it was time to get things started to getting close to the old president.  I had every intention of going about things on my own but apparently Logan had other plans.  
As I was getting my things around to be able to leave on a moment’s notice Logan came waltzing out carrying his own bag.  Since he’d been staying at my house from the time this all started he had plenty of things here and ready to go.  
I looked up at him questioningly but before I had a chance to speak he cut me off.  “Look, Rain, you can protest my going with you all you want but the fact of the matter is I’m going with you whether you like it or not.  I almost lost you once and I won’t go through that again.  I will not sit around and wait for a phone call that may or may not come.  I can be useful too.  I have resources that can come in handy and I will use every connection I have to help you.  I will not let you go through this alone.  One way or another we’re going to finish this together so we can live in peace and be happy for the rest of our lives without having to look over our shoulders.”
“Okay, Logan, you can come with me on one condition.” I said.
“What’s that?” He asked.
“When I tell you to get down and stay down or to stay somewhere you better do it because if you think I won’t knock you out to keep you safe then you have got a lot to learn.  If I tell you to do something you better do it, because my knowing you did what you were told means I have less to worry about and have less of a chance of something going wrong and my getting hurt or killed.”  I knew that if I told him it would be less risk for me then he would be more agreeable and more likely to actually do as he was told.
He quickly agreed and started packing our bags in the SUV.  This was going to be a long few days.  The hardest thing to try to do is to get to an American ex-president that doesn’t want to be found.


























CHAPTER 15
Confronting the Former President

I said good-bye to the kids again and we headed out towards Chicago this time.  Logan was a little unaware of why we were headed there but he never asked me, he just kept driving.  He was making sure that he was sticking along on this mission for as long as he possibly could.
After about seven hours we pulled over into a small diner to get something to eat and for Logan to basically question me about the events that will be occurring within the next few days.
I waited until the waitress walked away and that was when the conversation really got serious.
Logan started, “Look, Rain, I don’t know how you think you’re going to find the former president when most of the people in the CIA and NSA don’t even know where he is.  Just because they’re no longer president doesn’t mean they’re not still protected like they are.  I just think this is going to be a lot harder than you think and it might be better if you let me call in some of my contacts.”
“No offense, Logan, but your contacts aren’t even half as capable as mine.  I’ve been to almost every country all over the world and made contacts everywhere, most of which are very influential people.  I don’t want you involved in this anymore than you already are.  It’d be best if people didn’t even know you knew anything about this, so me using my own contacts and calling in my own favors is the best thing for me to do.”  My response didn’t seem to set the mood any.
“Okay then, what’s the plan?  Why Chicago and what are we doing there?” He asked sullenly.
“I have a contact inside the Secret Service that says the former President is at home in Chicago.  He’s supposed to be there for the next few weeks because he’s throwing a huge fund raiser on Saturday.  That’s when I’m going to make my move.  He needs to be confronted for everything he did.  The only way to do that and get any real answers is to do it privately.  He has a thing for Cuban cigars that he keeps hidden in his private office, in a separate drawer of his desk.  My plan is to get into his office and wait for him to go for a smoke break.  Then, when he’s not expecting it, I’ll confront him.  What happens from there is solely up to him.”  At that I began eating. 
For a few minutes Logan just sat there looking at me as if I were speaking a foreign language.  We ate in silence and he paid the bill, but we still sat there for a few more moments just looking at each other.  I knew what he was thinking and I didn’t want the explosion to come inside the diner so I got up and walked out.  I had no more made it to the SUV when he was spinning me around to face him by my elbow.
“Why you?  Why do you always have to go off and play hero?  Why can’t someone else do this?  You have a team of highly trained soldiers ready to do anything for you, including die and yet you’d rather risk your own life and do things yourself?  I don’t get it.  Please try to explain this to me so I understand what’s going through your mind.  I already almost lost you once; I don’t want to go through that again.”  He was almost sobbing.
All I could do was look down at that moment.  He was right.  I did have a team of people that were ready and waiting to do anything I wanted them to do, but was it really fair of me to ask them to fight my battle?  No.  I definitely couldn’t do that to anyone else.  This fight belongs to me and me alone.  It all started with me, and now, it will end with me.
I looked up at Logan with as much love as I could and tried to explain things to him to where he understood.  “Logan, let me ask you a question.  If things were different and there was someone from your past coming after you and endangering all of us would you let me fight that battle for you, or would you take care of things yourself?”
He looked horrified.  “What are you talking about?  You know there’s no way in hell I would ever let my past hurt you.  Any fight that came along would be my fight and I would fight it by myself.  I would never ask, nor expect you to fight my fight for me.”
“Exactly my point, Logan.  This is my fight.  It always has been.  I was the one that got set up.  I was the one that put the others in danger and if I don’t finish this then they’re all going to be killed in one way or another.  I refuse to let them die because I didn’t do everything I could to end this.  If you’re going to love me then you have to love all of me and understand this.”  After that I went silent.
Finally he understood and shook his head in agreement.  I really doubt he liked the idea but the fact that he understood meant something.
By the next night we were in a Hotel less than five miles away from where the retired President’s house was.  His fund raiser started in two hours and I was finishing getting my gear together and on when Logan came out of the bathroom dressed in a tux.
“No, Logan.  This is where we part ways.  I let you come this far, but this is where you stay.  Besides, I won’t be enjoying the evening’s festivities if you get my drift.  I should be there and back in less than two hours.  If it takes me longer than call Madison, Jojo and Christiaan.  They’re on stand-by and know what to do.  Not that that will be necessary though.  This man will be all too easy for me to dispose of.” I said.
“You do know you’re talking about the former president of the United States right?  How can you say he’ll be easy to dispose of?  Besides, do you even know where his office is in his house?  Not to mention he probably has at least one hundred highly trained secret service members there guarding the place.”  Logan asked almost in a panic.
I smiled at him a little too sarcastically I think because he seemed to take it the wrong way.  When I saw the fury building in his eyes I calmed him and told him what I knew.
“Look, Logan, I don’t go into any situation without knowing exactly what I’m getting myself into.  His office is on the second floor of the west wing.  The secret service men he has there, well there’s only seventy-two and all of which aren’t as good as me or my team.  As far as disposing of him, well, he’s an old man with heart problems.  It’s easy to make things look like an accident.”  My words were dripping with disdain at that point.
“You say these men aren’t as good as you and your team but you don’t have your team here.  It’s just you against seventy-two men.  Not to mention you’re not exactly dressed for a party so how are you planning on getting to the second floor unnoticed?” Logan asked confused.
“You know, Logan, your lack of confidence in me is almost insulting.  If it wasn’t something I was used to, I think I would be insulted.  However, I know you don’t mean things that way and I’m definitely the best of the best, not trying to sound conceited, so I think I’ll be okay.”  I smiled at him then softening his resolve some.
We set our watches to the same time and I told Logan if I wasn’t back by 11:35 p.m. then to make the call to my team.  Then, I left to trek the five miles unnoticed.
Once I got there I took note of the guards patrolling the grounds and the ones that were passing by each window.  Luckily for me, no guards were allowed in the private office so it was easy to make a plan on how to get there without being seen.
The west wing was around the corner from the front of the house so there weren’t any lights shining on the ground or around the trees.  I took count and the guards made their sweeps every five minutes giving me plenty of time to get past them.  The only hiccup was that they only had about thirty feet to cover each.  So I counted down and waited for my guard to pass then as quickly as possible low crawled across the dark lawn without making any sounds.
Once against the house came the tricky part.  I had to climb a very narrow tree without making it move much more than if the wind was blowing it.  Then, I had to open the windows, get in and close them back before any of the agents seen anything moving.  Once inside I walked around doing my sweep, checking for anything potentially dangerous.  One of the advantages I had to doing so many night missions was my eyes adjusted quickly to the dark making me almost have wolf vision.  I guess another reason for the knick name.
After about ten minutes of checking the room I sat down in the desk chair and waited, but I didn’t have to wait long.  About two minutes later the door opened and closed quickly and on came the light.  The former president went straight for his desk drawer only to find it empty.  At first he looked a little confused but when I turned the chair to face him he paled instantly knowing full well what was happening.
“How the hell did you get in here?  How did you find me?” He asked.
“Quiet now, George, you don’t want to alarm any of your guests; after all this is a fund raiser.”  He just looked at me at first, then he started to sprint head long for the book shelf where he had a .45 hidden in a book.  
“Too late, George, you don’t have a single weapon in this room that’s where it’s supposed to be.  So, now instead of wasting more time, how about you sit down there and we have a little discussion.”  He eyed me very cautiously but moved slowly to the chair across from his desk.
“Look, Ms. Harvey, whatever you want, it’s yours.  I’ll give you anything if you just leave now.”
I laughed at this.  It actually was quite funny.  “No, George, I’m not leaving just yet.  I want to know why you started this program getting your sister, then your niece, involved in all of this, in turn getting them killed.”
He paled as soon as I mentioned they were dead.  “I guess I shouldn’t be surprised you killed them.  You always were the best.  Look it’s this simple.  This program wasn’t supposed to work.  It was supposed to cause Russia to have to take over and for America to follow them.  No one ever expected you’d be as successful as you were, well are.  I certainly didn’t, that was why I picked you to run it.  Times change and people need to as well.  America is one of them.  We’ve grown weak and dependent and we need to stop that.  Granted you changed a lot, but you didn’t do what I wanted you to do so you had to go.  My sister and niece were just casualties of war.  I wouldn’t change that either.”
While he was talking I could see his wife just outside the doorway listening to the entire conversation.  She walked in when he said that and he turned looking more stunned than when he saw me.
“Dear, please let me explain…” He stammered.
At that his wife screeched, “Just don’t! You told me you had no siblings.  You said you were American and wanted what was best for America.  You sent your own sister and our Goddaughter, your niece, into harm’s way just to further your political career.  YOU BASTARD!  If I didn’t know she was going to kill you, I’d do it myself.  You’re not a man.  A man never would have endangered his family and definitely wouldn’t have set up a young woman who’s served this country more than you ever could have dreamed of.”
He definitely looked defeated.  He slumped his shoulders and looked at her for sympathy but instead she looked at him with fire.  Then, she looked at me and shook her head.  She never flinched when I walked up behind him and injected him through the back and into the heart with a lethal dose of epinephrine.  He immediately began having heart attack symptoms and fell to the ground.  We both stood there watching him convulse before he stilled.  
I leaned down to check his pulse and he was gone.  I looked back at this woman that just watched her husband be murdered in front of her to see what she was going to do next.
“You know, I was unable to have children so when Jill came along and we became her Godparents I was overjoyed.  I put all of my energies into her like a mother would do and was so proud of her when she made your elite team.  Did you kill her?”She asked me.
“No.  Her father did.  He was aiming for me and Jill got in the way to protect me.  I killed him, and her mother.” I said matter-of-factly.
“Good, I’m glad they’re dead.  They definitely didn’t deserve someone like Jill.  She was definitely special.  Please wait here.  I need to go to my room to get something Jill left for you in case something happened to her.  I promise, this is the one room no one comes in so I will be the only one coming back in here.” She added when she noticed my hesitation.
I agreed, but then again if this woman sat there and watched me kill her husband without blinking then she has to be tougher than she’s letting on.  About two minutes later she reentered the room and handed me a box.
“You had better put it in your bag and open it later.  People are starting to ask where George is and I don’t know how much longer I can stall them.” She hurriedly said.
“Before I go, mam, I just want to know something.  Are you Russian?” I asked out of curiosity.
She smiled a very sincere smile before speaking.  “Yes, I am.  No one knows.  George didn’t even know.  The fact of the matter is, I was sent here to see what made this country so successful, but I fell in love.  Little did I know it was to a traitor.  Either way you killed the man that killed my Goddaughter so now I owe you.  Whatever you need, whenever you need it you get in touch with me.  This card has my direct number on it for here and one for Russia along with my Russian name and address.  Now, I’m going to create a distraction screaming George had a heart attack, so you better take advantage of that and get going.”
I smiled at her and thanked her.  Now I have another contact I can add to my list.  I had just gotten out of the window and closed it back when I heard her scream for help.  All of the guards in the yard took off running for the house as well so I had a quick and clean way out.  
I returned to the hotel at exactly 11:30 p.m. with five minutes to spare and Logan looked as if he were freaking out.  I gave him the rundown of the night’s events and he seemed more than shocked to say the least.
It was finally over and we could go back to our old lives.  We both seemed more excited about this than I would’ve figured I would be.  Either way, the worst was behind us and we could sleep peacefully tonight.











CHAPTER 16
The Events that Followed

I sat there in the hotel room looking around wondering how my life had gotten this far and I still managed to make it out alive.  Now that I was back and safe, Logan asked me four times if I was planning on leaving again before he decided to take a shower and get ready for bed.
I took advantage of this opportunity to go through the contents of the box Jill had left for me in the event of her death.  What I found surprised me the most.  She had files on every member of the entire fifty I had picked.  Things that shouldn’t and didn’t come up on any of our background checks.  These files were very thorough, too.  But then again, Jill was always amazing at investigative work and human intelligence collection.  There was something in particular that caught my eye more than anything though.  It was a small brass key that looked antique.
I took the key out and there was a small note attached to it. When I opened it I was a little shocked at what I read.
Rain,
I’m sure if you’re reading this I’m dead already but I wanted to give you one last piece of advice before I left you alone.  The men and women you picked for your team are good but I’ve always had an inky feeling about them so I checked them out farther and the files show what I found.  Do with it what you will.  You’ve always been the best profiler I know, degree or not, so I’m sure you can make the best decisions from there.
The key belongs to a safe, that’s hidden in The Library of Congress, on the first floor in the Criminology section.  It was an old family secret passed down through the generations.  What better place to have secrets hidden?  Anyway, now I’m passing it on to you to do with what you want.  Once you put the key in a combination pad will pop out.  The combination is the day you assigned me to your team.  There are instructions in there on how to change the combination as well as some other documents I think you need to go through with a fine tooth comb.  I’m warning you though; I don’t think you’ll like what you find.
On a more personal note, I was assigned to kill you, yes. But, I never had any intention of doing that.  I made my father believe I was still in the game and was going to do whatever was necessary to get him what he wanted, but the truth is, I came home one night and over heard him and my mother talking about how she set this whole thing up to get me to do what she wanted so I could help out her brother.  I refused to look at her as a victim anymore and knew the only family I had was with my team so I continued to put my loyalties with you, without letting on to anyone that things had changed.  I’m sorry if I hurt you, I never wanted that.  You were and still are my sister and I’m grateful for everything you gave me or taught me.  Others will be just as lucky.
I’m sorry if the things you find in the safe upset you but I knew you had to know and decide for yourself.  Once again, I’m sorry and I hope you have the life you should have had from the start.
Love Always,
Jill
I fumbled around with the key for a few minutes thinking about what I just read.  What was it Jill was doing on the side, and how is it even now, from the grave, she’s coming back to be a vital part of my team?  She was always very good, I think even more so than I gave her credit for.  I had just started putting the things back in the box when Logan came out of the bathroom.
“What’s that?’ He asked.
“Oh, just some things Jill left me in case something happened to her.  More stuff for me to go through, you know.  Personnel files and things on the people in my unit.” I answered as casually as I could.
“Well, it definitely looks like she was stepping up and taking the reins when you were gone.” He said.
“Yes, that it does.”  Even though something about what she said seemed off.
Something about the way he said that and acted so nonchalant made me extremely uncomfortable. But I wasn’t going to let him think that.
I fumbled through everything once more then stuck the contents of the box into my briefcase I had brought with me.  It had three different locking mechanisms on it so I was sure there was no way Logan would be able to unlock it, at least not without my hearing him trying.
With that we both lay down for the night.  The night had definitely taken its toll on both of us and we both quickly fell asleep.  Maybe because we thought the danger was past us and maybe because we were exhausted from the past few weeks.  Either way, sleep hit us hard and fast.  
I woke at about 9:30 a.m..  Way past my usual time for getting up.  Logan was already awake and sitting at the table drinking his coffee.  He had ordered us breakfast.  Something I’m going to have to get used to I guess.  I got up and quickly scrubbed my face to refresh myself, before going to the restroom and coming out to eat.  Logan said the food had arrived moments earlier so it should still be hot, and he was right.  It was delicious.  I loved bacon, eggs, pancakes, and sausage for breakfast.  I loved the fact that I didn’t have to cook it even more. Some people say meat is murder and I agree.  Very delicious murder. 
After breakfast Logan said he had to run out to get a few things so I took this opportunity to shower.  I didn’t want to leave him in the room alone with the files I had retrieved from Jill.  I trusted Logan somewhat but not completely yet, thought I wasn’t sure why.  Something had been irking me since I first met Logan and his army of workers and I couldn’t figure out what exactly it was.  Maybe this new information Jill left me will help me decipher this.  It took me all of five minutes in the shower, including getting dressed and I was back out in the sitting area before Logan arrived back.  He seemed a little surprised to see that I had already showered and was out.  Either way he tried to hide his surprise.
We sat down to talk but as soon as we started there was a knock on the door.  I went to check to see who it was, and again, it was room service.  This time with a huge bouquet of flowers and champagne.  I have to admit I was a little overwhelmed.  Logan tipped the butler and he went on his way.  
Logan sat me down and started talking to me, and what he said blew my mind.  “Rain, I’ve never met anyone like you.  You’re the most beautiful, loyal, faithful, dangerous person I’ve ever met and you know I’m head over heels in love with you.  I’ve wanted to ask you this since the day I first seen your picture come across my desk.  Will you marry me and allow me to adopt your children?  I’ll give you the world, all you have to do is say yes.”
I sat there dumb founded for what seemed like hours.  I looked down and he was holding a ring.  It was a white gold band with small diamonds placed around it about every half inch.  It wasn’t a normal wedding or engagement ring for people that had money but it was completely perfect for me and something I would have chosen for myself which made it even more perfect.  I was so shocked and taken back I wasn’t sure how to respond.  I knew I loved this man, which was a first for me.  The only lingering question was did I love him and trust him enough to let him be a major part of my life for the rest of not only my life but my children’s life as well?  I wasn’t sure what I was supposed to say at that point, so I just shook my head yes.  
I knew I loved this man and I knew he had done a lot for me, but whatever this feeling was I needed to get it solved and quick.  Especially, if I was going to marry this man.  
At checkout time we left on our way to head back to Atlanta.  Logan was so excited I said yes he couldn’t quit talking about how great everything was going to be and the wedding plans.  I was excited too, and was actually thinking about the wedding but the things that Jill had passed on to me captured my attention a little more.
Logan seemed to notice this and asked if I was getting cold feet.
I gave him a brief, “No, Logan, I’m not.  I told you I love you.  I just have a lot on my mind with the new things I learned from what Jill left me last night and with school.  I’m so far behind right now; they’re probably going to fail me.”
He smiled when I said that.  I was wondering what was so amusing but he finally spoke up.  “Before we go home we need to stop by the office.  There’s someone that wants to meet you.”
I was a little unsure but agreed.  A few hours later we were pulling up to the Winters Building and being ushered inside because of the rain.  Once on the top floor there was a man in the conference room waiting for us.  Berdina said he had just arrived so he wasn’t waiting long.  We went in to greet him and I immediately apologized for my lack of professional appearance.
He smiled at me and said he understood.  He also informed me he knew all about my military career.  He was one of the few that was in the loop about everything and was very impressed with the way I handled everything, especially after being retired for almost five years.
I stammered out the best response I could.  “Mr. Hogrefe, with all due respect, I don’t understand why you’re here, much less why I’m here right now, so maybe you can explain it to me.  Otherwise, I would prefer to get back to my children for a while before coming back to work.”
He was a kindly old man and smiled at me.  “My dear, you’re here because we know how brilliant you are.  We also know you’ve been going to night school so you can work and raise your children.  You graduated at fifteen and could’ve gone on to graduate college before the age of eighteen but instead you chose to serve your country.  You’re pretty much only taking one class at a time so you don’t get too overloaded and have more time to spend with your children which means it’s going to take you most likely about five years to finish your degree at the rate you’re going.  Am I correct?”
“Yes, sir.  I am going about things slowly because as much as I would love to have my degree now I would much rather spend more time with my children and be a better mother.  Yet again though, you didn’t answer my question.  What am I doing here?” I was still hesitant as to what was going on.
“Ha ha ha, I like her, Logan.  She’s straight to the point.  To put things simply my dear, we know you’re brilliant, but we want to see how brilliant you really are.  If you look at my computer there are a number of tests set up for you to take in order and see where you rank in those.  From there we’ll know where you stand with your degree and what classes you still need to take.  Obviously, weapons and self-defense aren’t one of those classes though.”  Again he chuckled looking at me.
“Wait a second here, Rain, What exactly are you going for with your degree?”  Logan asked.
I responded, “Criminology with an emphasis in Forensic Psychology for the Advanced Development of Homeland Security.  Basically it’s a fancy way of saying I’m going to be a profiler.”
He looked a little stunned at first but what he said next made me laugh hysterically.  “Aren’t you already?  I mean, you pretty well have everyone pegged as soon as you either see them or meet them.”
Mr. Hogrefe and I laughed about it but actually Logan was right.  I do pretty much profile people as soon as I see them or meet them.  Oh well, I guess that means I’ll be better at my job.
I gave in.  “Okay, Mr. Hogrefe, you have my attention, what am I doing?”
“Well, Ms. Harvey, there are seven programs on my computer for you to go through.  It will probably take you the better part of the next three days to do so, but we would like for you to do it so we can score you and see how much more you need to do to finish your degree.”
“I’m agreeing to do this, but I only have one question.  Where do you come from and why exactly are you interested in me and my degree now?”  I couldn’t contain my curiosity anymore.
“Well Ms. Harvey, if you didn’t have the security clearance I couldn’t tell you this, but I work for the joint chiefs of staff for the President and in the Pentagon occasionally.  Your name has come across our office numerous times and when you picked this career field to go into it was red flagged for us.  You’re the best, simply put, and we want the best working for us.  Therefore, we want to see how much talent you have as of right now so we know how long we have to wait to extend a job opportunity to you.”  His response made me roll my eyes.  The president. 
I laughed at this man then.  Really, he wants to give me a job working for the government?  Isn’t that a little redundant considering I’m still contracted through the government.
“Okay.  Let’s get this started then, but I can guarantee you something, it won’t take me three days.”  He didn’t seem as amused by my confidence then, however.
With that both Logan and Mr. Hogrefe left the conference room to go back to his office and I sat down at this man’s computer.  It was set up to where the only thing that could be opened was these programs.  Like I couldn’t get around that if I wanted too.  Anyway I started on the first program and had it done within a half an hour.  It showed me I scored a 99% on it.  I was actually very proud of myself.  Over the next five hours I completed the next five programs scoring a 99% or 100% on each of them, which was surprising because most of this stuff, actually all of it, were things I hadn’t covered in class yet.  
Logan and Mr. Hogrefe walked in when I was on the last few questions of the last program saying I needed to wrap it up for the day.  I smiled knowing this was my last one.  I finished the last few questions and again scored a 100%.  Afterwards I pushed the computer over to Mr. Hogrefe who started going through it and looked at it in utter disbelief.
“What, Mr. Hogrefe?  You look as if you’ve seen a ghost.  Did I do something wrong?”  I asked quickly seeing the face he was making.
“No, my dear, it’s just that no one has ever scored this high on any of these tests even going through the classes.  You see, these tests were conducted by Harvard scholars that now work at the Pentagon.  They said it was impossible for anyone to pass these on the first try, or even the second for that matter.  I must go now to talk to my boss.  I will be in touch Ms. Harvey.”  He added as he scurried out of the conference room and to the elevator.
I quickly ran to catch up to him in order to hand him one of my cards and he was out the door as quickly as his old feet would move him looking like he was being chased by something of the supernatural.
“Well I guess you’re smarter than we all thought huh?” Logan asked.
“Logan, I really don’t care how smart a piece of paper says I am; all I care about is being a good mother and provider.  Now, can you take me home to see my kids?  After all, it is a Friday and I want to spend as much time with them before work on Monday.”
He smiled at me that most sincere smile and we walked out holding hands with my head on his shoulder, well on the side of his arm since he’s so tall.  Berdina smiled at us when she watched us leave.  
We arrived home almost an hour later.  Hmmm, well, I didn’t realize it then, but Logan pretty much does live with me now.  This seems to have become our house.  That’s definitely something we’re going to have to talk about.
The kids were so rambunctious to see us I thought they were going to go crazy.  They filled us in on everything we missed over the past few days while Rory sat on Logan’s lap and loved on him while telling him her stories.  I was so happy to see the way the kids seemed happy.  I couldn’t bear the thought of anything hurting them or making them unhappy.
All of a sudden, Logan decided we should take the kids to Disneyland for the weekend.  The kids never hesitated.  They sprinted head long up the stairs to try to do their own packing.  Of course, Ben and Andrew helped them, along with packing their own bags.  
Soon we were all packed and in the SUV ready to go when out of nowhere I got a very bad vibe.  I screamed for everyone to get out now.  It didn’t take long for Ben and Andrew to have Rory and Jesse out of the SUV and away from it as far as possible while Justin and Logan were only a few feet away looking at me as if I had lost my mind.
I looked under the SUV and sure enough there was a detonation device armed to go off within five seconds.  I jumped up and ran for the other side of the yard as quickly as possible with Justin and Logan hot on my heels.  BOOM!!!
“What the fuck was that all about?” Logan and Justin asked simultaneously.
“Well, I’m going to go out on a limb here and say that someone doesn’t want the contents of Jill’s box to be discovered.  Either way, it looks like the Disneyland trip needs to be put on hold until next weekend.  I have somewhere to go.  Ben, Andrew, Justin, get the kids inside and make sure they stay safe please.  I’ll call you as soon as I know something.”
“Sure thing, Boss.”  They said together.










CHAPTER 17
A Means to an End

Logan and I sat out for another trip to the Library of Congress.  It didn’t take us nearly as long to get there as we had expected it would considering Logan was driving almost ninety miles an hour.
Once there I went to the section specified by Jill’s note and did as I was told.  The entire time this was happening I left Logan in the car.  I didn’t want him to know what was happening, just in case he was somehow involved.
When I entered the combination, the false end of the bookshelf popped out and inside was a large file of documents, discs, flash drives and pictures.
After seeing all of this I was so stunned I couldn’t believe what I was seeing.  I trusted this man and he had been near my children when the whole time he was in on the conspiracy to kill me and my children.  What the hell is the world coming too?  How can I trust anyone?”
I slowly put the files in my briefcase, closed the secret compartment and made my way back to the SUV.  Logan immediately knew something was wrong, but I wouldn’t say anything about it.  All I said was for him to drive us home.
After the few hour drive we pulled back into my driveway and I got out walking a little sullen.  Apparently my time in retirement has weakened my senses quite a bit for me to be fooled this much.
Once inside I asked everyone to come into the living room and have a seat with me while we discuss what I just found out.  Everyone obliged but then I asked Becky to take the kids into their tutoring room and have them practice something so they couldn’t hear what’s going on.  She agreed and quickly did so.
After everyone was seated I looked around at them all. Hazel still had flour all over her apron from baking.  Katie had dust on her face from cleaning the furnace.  Gary was filthy from helping the gardeners.  Ben, Andrew, and Justin were looking confused as ever.  Logan sat beside me rubbing my shoulders but looked a little scared himself.  And Dante, where the hell is Dante?
After a few minutes I began telling everyone what was going on.  “Look, it seems Dante was in on everything from the beginning.  He was trying to sabotage everything and kill us so he could look like the person that tried to save the best but failed.  A member of my team had been collecting intelligence on him for years it seems.  Ever since our names first came across Logan’s desk when we weren’t supposed to know about it.”
I thought that everyone would be a little more surprised but they weren’t.  Instead they just looked at me like I was telling them something they already knew.
Exasperated at that point I said, “Okay, what am I missing here, because you guys act like this is something you already knew?”
Ben was the first to speak up.  “You’re family to us now, Rain, as well as these kids.  We’re definitely not going to let anyone hurt them.  Andrew and I started noticing the way Dante was acting and we didn’t like it so we followed him.  Once we noticed he was passing along Intel to some Ukrainians we took him out.  Apparently, just not quick enough.  We knew you had a lot on your plate with everything else that was going on.”
I was stunned.  “Okay, so where’s his body then?” I asked a little confused, yet impressed.
Andrew was the one that answered this time.  “Well you see that new maple tree out there?  He’s under that.  In pieces.  Anyone that comes after these kids will suffer a very horrible fate and he got the lucky end of it.”
I was extremely happy with the way things turned out.  My last enemy was eliminated, my bodyguards were more than competent and protective, and the man I love never got scared and ran from any of it.  Holy shit!  Now I just have to plan a wedding.  Where the hell do I start with that?  I’ve never been the girlie girl type.  I’ll think about that later.  For now, everyone’s safe and happy and that’s all that matters.
Minutes later there was a knock on the door.  I immediately got up to answer it and it was Mr. Hogrefe.
“Well what can I do for you today Mr. Hogrefe?” I asked suspiciously.
“Well, I just thought I would come by and deliver this myself.  I think you’ve earned it.”  With that he walked away and never looked back.
I opened the envelope and to my surprise was a diploma from Harvard for my degree.  There was also a letter saying I made the Dean’s list every semester and had multiple job offers, one of which was from the White house, one from the Pentagon and one from the FBI.  Today really was the best day of my life so far, all things considered.
With that done and everyone getting ready to help me celebrate, Logan and I also announced our engagement, which again, came as no surprise to anyone.







Epilogue

The wedding was set for Saturday, July 12th 2012, and to be honest the closer it got the more scared I got.  Luckily I had Madison and Berdina helping me out with everything because God himself knows I never would have gotten through any of this without their help.  It also just so happens, they’re two of my bridesmaids.  Kim, Becky, Hazel and Katie are my others.  I know it’s a lot of bridesmaids, but they’re the only women in my life that are constant and that I trust.
I know I said I was nervous but it wasn’t because I didn’t want to marry Logan.  Hell, he was good looking, an amazing dad to my children, successful and he knew everything about me and accepted it without hesitation.  How could I expect to find someone better?  The only thing that scared me was the fact that I was afraid history would repeat itself and somehow I would mess something up and get hurt again.
Madison seemed to sense what I was thinking and said, ““We can draw lessons from the past, but we cannot live in it. – Lyndon B. Johnson and Courage is being scared to death – but saddling up anyway. – John Wayne.  A woman is like a tea bag; you never know how strong it is until it's in hot water.-Eleanor Roosevelt.  
“I can go on forever.  You see, Rain, everything happens for a reason and at some point or another everyone gets scared.  You know you love this man.  You are definitely not making the same mistakes as before.  He loves you too much and would never hurt you like the others have.  Trust yourself.  It’s what you’ve always been good at.”
	I smiled at her because I knew she was right.  There was no challenge that lay ahead of us that we couldn’t face together.  No matter what happened in the future I knew I would always have someone that I could turn to for anything.


# # #
Thank you for taking the time to read my book.  If you enjoyed this then please take the time to leave a review for other readers as well as referring it to others that you believe may like it.  
Also, make sure to look for Deceit Among The Pack, A Growing Pack and A New Alpha, the next three books in the Pack Of Lies series.
Thanks again for reading my book.
Rebecca Winters


Oher Titles By Rebecca Winters
Pack Of Lies
Pack Of Lies: Deceit Among The Pack (Coming September 2015)
Pack Of Lies: A Growing Pack (Coming March 2016)
Pack Of Lies: A New Alpha (Coming September 2016)
Connect with Me:
Follow me on Twitter: http://twitter.com/Winters7612
Like me on Facebook: http://facebook.com/Rebecca.winters.author
Subscribe to my blog: http://www.rebeccawinters.simplesite.com 
Favorite me at Smashwords: http:// [link to your author page]
