Patchwork Sanity
Sister Mine

Written By: Steven Sterup Jr.
Copyright 2020 Steven Sterup Jr.

Legal Disclaimer - This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events, and incidents are either the products of the author’s imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.


Table of Contents
Forward
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Epilogue


Foreward
For those of you familiar with my work, this is not a romance. Nor is this a teen-friendly look at the supernatural. This one is written with the intention of being disturbing, possibly scary.
The subject and ideas presented in this book can be very worrisome. The story about a man who is losing his mind is bad. Seeing things through his perception of it is worse.
Even if you figure out what is really happening to Brad, the reality of it will likely still unnerve you. And the ending might bother you.
I have written a couple that have ruffled the feathers of conservative readers. ‘The Alpha Predator’ and ‘Auctor – Vengeful Intent’. I have even had some people get angry about the content in these books. I think this one is worse.
You have been warned.

Chapter 1
Bradly Evansworth scraped the white porcelain plate of left-over mashed potatoes and half-eaten chicken fried steak into the garbage. Truthfully, he thought the plate wasn’t actually porcelain, and more than likely, it was made out of carefully disguised plastic. Even when the plates broke, they tended to break in patterns that suggested the dinnerware had been bought on the cheap. Knowing the family that owned this café, they had probably been bought from a bankrupt restaurant fifty years ago.
After scraping the remnants of someone’s supper into the garbage, he lined up the plate with all the others in the industrial-sized rack, then sprayed them with the hanging nozzle. Finally, when he was satisfied that most of the leftover food had been sufficiently cleaned off, he shoved the rack into the large metal box. With a sigh, he slid down the metal doors, hit the button, then leaned back against the chugging machine as it did its work.
Not that he cared all that much about keeping the huge dishwasher running efficiently, he just didn’t want to be the one to have to clean it again.
Roger, the man who worked the day shifts, had a nasty habit of never rinsing off the dishes before he shoved the whole dirty mess inside. On more than one occasion, Brad had to spend part of his shift with his hands down the pipe in the center of the machine. He didn’t want to spend another night fishing out slimy, unrecognizable pieces of what had once been food.
As if the feeling of grabbing handfuls of disgustingly distorted pieces of meat and vegetables wasn’t enough, the dishwasher was nearly two hundred degrees. Food left in the pipes at those temperatures ended up smelling like sewage, possibly worse. Brad thought that he would have rather walked through the sewer of their small hometown, rather than put his hands down that pipe again.
While the machine chugged and churned behind him, Brad ran his fingers through his greasy, sandy blonde hair, then pulled the hairnet snuggly back in place. The cook, Van, hurriedly cleaned the grill, getting ready for closing, while Brad just watched and contemplated his coworker.
Van turned to Brad with a worried look on his face.
“You sure you’re ok?” Van asked.
“I’m fine,” Brad replied with a smile.
He wasn’t sure what Van was referring to. Perhaps he thought Brad looked tired and overworked, which he was. But that was his life now.
Van was a decent guy, though Brad barely knew him. He was about the same height, six-foot, but built smaller than Brad. Brad had the build of a football player because he had once been one. An eternity ago in high school. Van’s long hair, which was a color only a little darker than Brad’s, was pulled into a ponytail as well as a hair net similar to his own.
During their frequent shifts together, Van and he had become almost friendly. Though Van had only started two weeks ago, they found that they had much in common. Similar upbringings and similar families, except for the part where Van’s parents were still alive. Van was also about twenty years older than Brad, but the similarities were enough to foster a decent coworker relationship.
While the dishwasher was running was the only time Brad could actually relax. But this only lasted for four minutes and fifteen seconds. Just enough time for all the cycles to complete. Then Brad would put the dishes away, load up the next rack, and start the whole process all over again. All in all, Brad’s job wasn’t horrible. It was just horribly boring and unsatisfying.
He had graduated high school over a year ago, but his plans for college had been dashed one snowy night when his parents were killed in a car accident.
He was now a professional dishwasher as well as caretaker for his nineteen-year-old sister, Corina. Not that Brad minded that part of his life. His sister was uncharacteristically grateful. He might even say kind. Perhaps she understood what Brad had given up for her, or perhaps she just missed their parents as much as he did. She might even have come to the same conclusion that he had. Brad only had Cory and Cory only had Brad.
There were no aunts or uncles stepping forward to pay the mortgage his parents had taken out on their home. No grandparents offering to take care of Cory so that Brad could use his partial scholarship. No cousins inviting them to stay while the bank repossessed the house they had lived in all their lives. No one at all.
Cory had a year left of school, and Brad had none. So, Brad worked forty-five hours a week at the local café while Cory took orders at the drive-thru for the fast-food restaurant that threatened to run Brad’s bosses out of business. Cory worked after school and some weekends, but Brad didn’t expect her to work as many hours as he did. He was just glad for the small amount of help she had offered. She had school and homework. And he was damn sure that she WAS going to college. Even if it meant that he’d have to take on a second job to pay for it, his sister was not going to end up like him.
Cory had always been a little smarter than Brad. Her grades were in the top of her class. Brad had gotten a partial scholarship because of football, but just barely. Cory had also always been just a little sharper looking than him. His blue eyes looked dull in comparison to hers, and her hair was more blonde than the brownish blonde mess that his was.
Though most older brothers would have been jealous of their perfect little sister, that night, the one a little over a year ago when both their parents died, cured Brad of any thoughts of jealousy. Now, all that mattered to Brad was Cory. He knew that he was a lost cause, but she wasn’t. She had options and the brains to do something with those options.
As the night wound down, Brad’s thoughts of what he might do after work soured. What had once been ideas of heading over to the local hangout for kids his age, turned to thoughts of getting a full night’s sleep. How many nights had he intended to go to the bowling alley down the street, only to walk right by it in favor of a full eight hours of rest? Not that he would get a full eight hours. He barely slept three because of the worries for his sister’s future, but that was his life now. The life of a responsible adult.
He couldn’t legally drink, his twenty-first birthday was more than three months away, yet he had more responsibility than some of the thirty-year-olds in this town. What he didn’t spend on cheap food and cheaper lodgings, was saved for ‘in case’ money. In case Cory needed it for college.
Brad rarely did anything fun anymore. And as he stepped out the back door, hearing the lights of the café click off loudly, he realized how boring his life had become. What he wouldn’t give for a break, a chance to forget all his responsibilities and do something fun. But that was not his life. Not any longer. Parties and hang-outs were tiring, and he had to be ready for another nine-hour shift of standing on his feet tomorrow.
Although Brad did have a girlfriend, she was just as busy as he was, and currently off at college. They rarely spoke, not even on the phone, but he had come to accept this relationship. There were not a lot of girls his age in town, and fewer still that could match up to Kelly Simons.
Who was he kidding? There was not a girl in the state, possibly the country, who could match up to Kelly.
Not only was Kelly absolutely beautiful, she was kind and funny. Her long auburn hair and striking blue eyes were stunning, but they were not the reason Brad still longed for the few weekends he got to see her. Her contagious laugh and carefree attitude helped him forget how much his life now sucked. And for a few brief moments, he had even considered asking her to marry him. But those thoughts quickly faded when she spoke of how much she wanted to spend time in Europe. Brad couldn’t go to Europe; he couldn’t even leave this town. Not until Cory’s future was secured.
Blinding pain shot through Brad’s head, and he nearly dropped the garbage bags in his hand.
A blue car. A snowplow. A semi. Pain.
Brad stumbled then resumed his walk across the dark empty lot. What in the hell was that? The strange images that shot through his mind were confusing. Maybe it was the fact that Brad was so tired. Lack of sleep did funny things to the mind. Or perhaps it was because of the argument he’d had with his boss, Robert Lank, earlier that day.
For some reason, he couldn’t recall the argument, but he clearly remembered Mister Lank yelling at him. This was a normal occurrence, so Brad shoved it aside. The man wasn’t a very kind boss. Often yelling at Brad for talking with his sister.
She would stop by on her way home from work and chat for a few minutes. Sometimes she would wait for him to finish his work, then walk home with him, but this was unacceptable to Mister Lank.
Mister Lank would constantly complain about how much quicker Brad could get off work if he wasn’t ‘gabbing’ with his sister. In all honesty, he probably could have gotten off work a few minutes earlier, but Brad enjoyed talking with his sister. And besides, Mister Lank wasn’t paying him for all the hours he worked anyway.
Brad kicked the dirt at the back door and let out a scoff as he quickly did the math in his head. Five, nine-hour shifts was forty-five hours, yet he still only got paid for forty. How in the world did the Lanks, the owners of the Lank’s Café, get away with that kind of creative bookwork? Not that Brad could complain to anyone. Who would listen? Who would care? At least he was getting minimum wage. Even if he worked five hours for free, it was better than starving in the street of this small town, and Cory was worth it.
Chanton, Nebraska was an average small town, at least in Brad’s limited experience. At a little over two thousand people, he didn’t know everyone by name, but he could recognize quite a few. Not small enough to be cozy, not large enough to be indifferent, that was Chanton. It was just as boring as the rest of Brad’s life, at least to Brad.
The parking lot was dark. The Lanks weren’t big on repairs to their café. All the lights, except for the one near the street, were dead or broken. With the dim light, helped by the sliver of moonlight, Brad could just barely make out the dumpster in the far back. The one he was currently hauling two full bags of garbage toward.
As was their nightly ritual, Mister Lank locked the door on his way out. Brad was in charge of taking out the last of the garbage. He didn’t look forward to the long dark walk to the dumpster that bordered the eerie forest behind the café, but it was part of his job. A job that kept a roof over their head and food on the table.
Brad just hoped that the opossum wasn’t in the dumpster again tonight. The thing had scared the shit out of him more than once. He was ready tonight, but just the anticipation would make him start, possibly causing him to drop the heavy bags. It really sucked cleaning up rotten food in the middle of a dark, empty parking lot. He had also done that more than once as well.
His footsteps seemed louder than normal as his pace slowed. He would be ready. He gripped the bags more tightly, preparing for the ‘ominous opossum’ to hiss at him. It made him giggle a little, just thinking about it. But even his attempt to look at the situation with amusement failed miserably. He was still just as nervous and just as jumpy.
“Hey!” Brad yelled when he was ten feet from the large metal box with a split plastic lid, but he got no sound in return.
He had hoped that the thing was more afraid than angry tonight. Last time it had run off without even hissing. Like it was getting used to Brad finding it. He just wished that he could get used to their encounters.
“Possum! Shoo!” he shouted just a little louder, and this time something in the dumpster rustled.
It wasn’t loud. Not quite like he expected. And it sounded more like something shifting inside of it. Was the opossum sleeping in the bags from the previous nights? The dumpster was nearly full, it was Thursday, and collection day was tomorrow.
“Hi-yah! Shoo!” Brad shouted and slammed one of the bags into the side of the dumpster.
A loud thud rang out, and more rustling followed, but it sounded too large for an opossum. Brad took a step back.
“You got about two seconds before I toss this shit on top of you!!” Brad shouted, and his voice carried through the empty lot.
Both sides of the split lid were shut. This meant that Brad’s threat was an empty one. He would have to lift one of the lids, giving the creature plenty of time to scurry off, or scare the hell out of him again, before he could deposit the garbage bags.
“Last warning,” Brad said, losing his volume.
He desperately wanted to go home, and this opossum was standing in his way, at least metaphorically.
Brad set the bag in his right hand down and inched his way toward the lid closest to him. As his fingers gripped the handle, he took a deep breath, then quickly tossed the lid backward and lobbed the bag in. Afterward, he nimbly hopped backward two paces and waited.
As he exhaled, he eyed the other bag. One more bag and he could head home. He didn’t even care about shutting the lid. Not tonight. It wasn’t going to rain, and there was already an animal inside. The garbage guys would be there in a few hours, and they could worry about whatever mess the opossum made.
Sliding sideways in the dirt, he bent down while keeping his eyes firmly glued on the opening. He was not going to be startled again.
Gripping the bag tightly with both hands, he swung it toward the dumpster, not even bothering to cross the five feet between him and the metal box. In slow motion, Brad watched as the bag sailed through the air and landed with a satisfying thunk.
Just as Brad was about to let out a sigh of relief, he heard the back door to the café shut loudly. Then Mister Lank stepped into the dim light.
Mister Lank looked as he usually did. He wasn’t very tall, but he was very round. His balding grey hair and glasses made him look almost like a kind grandfather, but Brad knew better. Tonight his business suit was covered with food stains. How had Mister Lank gotten covered in food? The man did little more than manage the place. Sitting on his ass the entire day, watching and lurking. And, of course, yelling at everyone.
Mister Lank started walking toward Brad. He was saying something, but for some reason, Brad couldn’t hear it. Instead, all Brad could hear was the rustling coming from the dumpster. It was extremely loud to Brad, drowning out even the sounds of the traffic as it sped by in front of the café. Why was it so loud?
Brad took a step toward Mister Lank, intent on finding out what in the world the grumpy old man was shouting about this time. The veins in Mister Lank’s temples were bulging, almost as much as his gut was bulging from the suit that looked a size too small. Mister Lank’s face was beet red. Brad could see this, even in the dim lighting.
What was he shouting about? And why couldn’t Brad hear anything besides the scratching and scraping coming from the dumpster behind him?
Brad turned to see what was making so much noise. Was the opossum trying to escape the dumpster? Had it been covered by the garbage bags he had tossed in?
Brad saw a creature zip by him and drop something. Then Brad looked back toward Mister Lank, but the man was gone.
What had Brad just seen?
Whatever it was, it had to have been at least five feet tall, but it wasn’t a man. In the dim light, he thought he saw black, slimy skin, shimmering in the dim light of the moon. He also thought he had seen long teeth…fangs? He wasn’t entirely sure. The flash of white had been too quick to discern what it really was. But, whatever the long white things were, they were large. Maybe two or three inches long and pretty thick. Brad’s terrified brain didn’t register any eyes, but he had seen two red glowing orbs. Were the creature’s eyes glowing red?
Brad stumbled backward and landed on his hands. His heart pounded, and his mouth felt dry. Possibly because he couldn’t catch his breath. Then his eyes found what the creature had dropped.
Brad kicked at the soggy mess and flipped it over. Even in the dim light, he could see what it was. Or at least what it had once been. The damp pile of fur in front of him had once been half of an opossum.

Chapter 2
Brad shut the door to his apartment, still nearly out of breath. Being scared to death and running the six blocks from work probably had a lot to do with it.
As he leaned back on the door, he heard the shower down the hall on the left shut off. Seconds later, Cory walked out, wrapped in a towel.
Cory was a good six inches shorter than Brad and thinner. Even though she was thin, she had a striking figure. Brad was a little uncomfortable thinking about his sister like this. However, he couldn’t deny the truth. His sister was quite an attractive young woman. Blossoming quickly when she hit her teens, she was now nineteen and a senior in high school. He also had to admit that she was better looking than any woman he’d seen in this small town. Well, except for his girlfriend, Kelly.
They had missed Cory’s senior year because of the horrible car accident. They’d even had to move to this small town when the bank repossessed their family home. But Cory easily made up the missed year. She was currently getting straight A’s and would be applying for scholarships soon.
“You ok?” Cory asked kindly, brushing her hand across his cheek.
“Bad day,” Brad replied.
He couldn’t tell his sister what had happened. She’d think he was nuts.
“That looks bad. You should see a doctor,” she stated after turning his face.
Brad’s hand went to his head, where his sister’s eyes had been looking.
“Ow!” he cried out.
Pulling his hand back from his head, he noticed the blood on his fingers. He must have hit his head against the dumpster. He honestly didn’t remember hitting it, but that must have been when it happened. Brad had stumbled backward after the creature had startled him. It must have happened then.
He looked down at his sweet little sister with a smile.
“I’ll be fine. A shower and a good night’s sleep, and I’ll be good as new,” Brad said, then headed to the sink to grab a glass of water.
“You better be. You promised me forever,” Cory said playfully then headed to the hall opposite the bathroom then to her room. “
Brad didn’t understand what Cory was referring to. He didn’t recall making a promise like that, but it sounded sweet. Forever with his little sister. What more could he want?
Brad assumed that their small apartment was arranged with temporary guests in mind. It would have made much more sense, at least in Brad’s mind, to have the bathroom in the same hall as the bedrooms. But in his apartment, you had to cross the living room draped in a towel to reach the bedrooms.
After catching his breath and getting a drink, he headed to his bedroom. Upon entering, he noticed a shape under his blanket. A very familiar shape.
Kelly’s long auburn hair was darker than Cory’s, but their size and proportions would almost have made them twins. However, he did think that Kelly was more attractive, but this was probably because Kelly wasn’t his sister.
He hadn’t seen Kelly in a while, and whenever Kelly came to visit, he didn’t get much sleep. The smell in his room told him that Kelly had also taken a shower. He was pretty certain he knew why Kelly had taken a shower and what she expected. The seductive look on her face told him that his assumption was correct.
“Did you two?” Brad asked as a grin formed on his face.
“Yes, honey. I took a shower with your sister. Sorry, I’m cheating on you,” Kelly said with a grin as she pulled the blanket down a little. Letting Brad know that she had nothing on. “Was hoping I could hop into bed before you got home and you’d never be the wiser.”
The running joke between the three of them helped Brad forget what he had seen in the parking lot at work, at least for a time. Cory and Kelly constantly teased Brad about the two of them going out on dates or sneaking around behind his back.
“That’s ok. Cory and I share everything,” he said with a laugh as he sat on the bed beside her. He took care to watch her shocked expression.
“I’m not sleeping with your sister!” Kelly said and slapped him on the arm. “Besides, she has a girlfriend now.”
With that, Kelly scooted toward the back of the bed and patted beside her to signal Brad that he was required to join her.
“I really need a shower,” Brad replied reluctantly. As he pulled off his shirt, the words from Kelly sunk in. “Cory has a girlfriend?”
“You’ll get to meet her tomorrow. She’s cute…” Brad could almost hear the smirk growing as Kelly teased him further. “if I was into girls…which I’m not.”
“What’s she like?” Brad asked while he searched for a clean pair of shorts to sleep in.
“Short, with long brown hair and she’s umm…Spanish? Mexican? What’s the word I’m looking for? The one that won’t make her upset with me. She could very well be Cuban, and I'd probably piss her off if I assumed.”
“Latino,” Brad answered absentmindedly.
“Yes, Latino.”
“But is she nice?” Brad asked, turning to judge Kelly’s facial expressions.
“She’s nice, and she’s really into Cory.”
“Good, Cory needs someone. I almost feel guilty.” Brad motioned between the two of them.
“Are you serious about sharing me?” Kelly teased.
“No!” Brad said adamantly, but his smile told Kelly what was coming. “Maybe. You wouldn’t mind, would you?”
“Just go take your shower, doofus.” Kelly flopped back on the bed then sighed loudly. “Afterward, I’ll give you a proper hello.”
“I see how it is. Sex first, talking later,” Brad said as he quickly walked out the door.
“You better believe it, mister!” Kelly shouted when Brad was halfway across the living room.
The rumbling of the pipes in the wall, when Brad turned on the hot water, reminded him of work. Then his encounter with the black slimy beast flashed through his mind.
What kind of animal was that large? And what kind of large animal lived in Nebraska? Perhaps a bear had escaped from a nearby zoo? But wouldn’t the bear have roared? Growled? Something? The creature hadn’t even made a sound. And what kind of bear was that quick? He doubted any animal could have moved that quickly.
Then there was the other issue with his encounter. The creature had tossed the opossum at his feet like a warning. Were there any animals that smart? And where had Mister Lank gone? Had the animal taken him or had the cowardly blowhard taken off as soon as he saw it?
Although he knew it wasn’t a man that he’d seen, he was seriously starting to doubt that it was some kind of animal. Which only left the unthinkable. He had imagined the whole thing.
With a small laugh, Brad slid under the warm water and reinforced his new theory.
He had been so scared of finding the opossum that his mind had conjured something even scarier. That was the only explanation that made sense. The creature he was sure he had imagined, could not exist. Nothing could be that large and move that fast. It also hadn’t abducted Mister Lank.
Mister Lank had yelled at him, as usual, then headed home. That was what had happened. The rest was due to the fact that he was overworked and extremely tired. The creature hadn’t taken Mister Lank because the creature didn’t exist.
After his shower, Brad slid into bed beside Kelly. All thoughts of the black slimy beast were pushed to the back of his mind the moment her naked body pressed against his.

Chapter 3
In the morning, Brad woke to giggles coming from the living room. Kelly was absent, and he was certain that one of the three female voices was hers. The second was his sister’s, and the third he assumed was Cory’s new girlfriend.
While he dressed, he eavesdropped on their conversation. The new girl, who he heard Cory call Liv, had a slight accent. It was cute, and he was fairly certain he had heard a lisp.
Brad pictured Liv with a teenage girl’s figure, thin, almost flat-chested, and bony. What he saw upon entering the living room was shocking, but served to enforce his theory about Cory. The Latino girl looked very similar to Kelly in proportions.
Though her hair was darker, as was her skin, her proportions almost made her look like Kelly. Liv looked about two inches taller than Kelly, but the similarities were there.
Cory had a type, which just so happened to be his type. Shorter, curvier, bustier women.
Cory was sitting on one side of the couch, and Liv was facing Cory. On the coffee table, directly in front of the couch, sat two foam cups that probably contained espresso or something just as sweet. Cory didn’t care for coffee unless it had a ton of sugar in it.
“Morning,” Brad said while he made his way to the kitchen area.
He attempted to hide his smile but was fairly certain Cory caught it. And Liv seemed very preoccupied with the look on Cory’s face. Kelly had been right. Liv was really into his sister. And where had Kelly gone? Was she in the bathroom? He could have sworn he had heard her.
“There’s my dorky brother,” Cory said.
Brad raised one hand in acknowledgment then started scouring the kitchen for a clean bowl.
The kitchen area wasn’t exactly a separate room from the living room. It was more like an indented area off to the side. Tucked away in this nook was a very small fridge, some cabinets, and a counter just big enough to hold the electric grill they used as a stove. In the center of the small counter was a similarly small sink, which was currently full of dishes.
When Cory saw her brother struggling to find a clean bowl, she stood and zipped toward a cabinet door. While she opened it, she cringed.
“Sorry. I’ll get to the dishes. I was just too busy yesterday.”
“Don’t worry about it,” Brad said.
Though his tone sounded harsh, he knew that Cory’s day had been even busier than his had been. She not only went to school in the day, she also worked a five-hour shift afterward. He’d had all day to do the dishes. He was more to blame than she was.
“I did leave you one bowl,” Cory said with a smile then handed him the last clean bowl.
“Thanks,” Brad said, then sighed. “And the dishes are my fault. I had plenty of time yesterday. I’ll get them after I eat.”
“You sure?” Cory asked, though Brad knew it wouldn’t take much convincing. Cory didn’t really want to do the dishes, and he didn’t blame her. As tiring as his job was, her days must have been worse.
He couldn’t imagine holding down a part-time job while still keeping an A average in high school. When did she even find the time to do her homework?
“I’ll do them,” Brad replied, then found a clean spoon and poured himself a bowl of cocoa-flavored puffed rice. Cory’s favorite, not his, but it was all that they had left for cereal.
“I get paid today. I’ll grab groceries tonight after school.” Then Brad saw Cory cringe and turn toward Liv. “You don’t mind, do you?”
“Grocery shopping? Can’t say I’ve ever had a date in a grocery store before.”
Brad wasn’t certain of the look on Liv’s face. Was she upset or teasing? She almost looked angry. Then Cory and Liv both laughed, and Brad had his answer. Liv wasn’t quite as comfortable as Cory was about her sexuality.
“Oh, sorry. Liv, this is my brother, Brad,” Cory said, doing a silly sideways tip while motioning toward Brad. “Brad, this is Olivia Ortega. My…umm…girlfriend? I hope.” Another cringe followed her statement.
“Hi,” Brad said, mouth half-full of chocolate rice puffs.
“Girlfriend? We haven’t even gone grocery shopping yet,” Liv teased, and this time Brad ignored the almost too serious look on her face.
She was trying, and she was very new at this. Also, Liv’s sense of humor was a little stale. Not the words, but the expressions that went along with them. He was certain that hanging around Cory would cure her of these things in a few days. Though he wasn’t sure how long they had known each other, he was guessing that it wasn’t very long.
“Oh shit!” Cory exclaimed, then rushed to her bedroom. “We have ten minutes, Liv!”
Liv didn’t seem as worried as Cory. She stood slowly then walked almost sluggishly to the door.
“It’s not like they’re going to suspend the valedictorian because she’s a few minutes late,” Liv said dryly.
Everything about Liv seemed dry and emotionless. Like she was trying to hide in plain sight. Afraid of what people might think of her. Even her face, which had no makeup, seemed bland. Although she was a beautiful woman, the expressions her face held seemed almost uninterested and only enforced the blandness. Except when she was looking at Cory. Perhaps Cory could cure her of this oddity as well.
Cory zipped by Liv, only pausing to give her a peck on the cheek and mumble a warning.
“Don’t go crowning me yet. If I don’t pass this math test, I won’t even be graduating.” Then she was gone, out the door, and on the way down the stairs.
Brad had to agree with Liv on this one. He doubted they would take away her status as valedictorian because of one math test, and it was even more unlikely that Cory would flunk because of it. Her straight A average would barely suffer a dent, even if she skipped the test.
After Liv shut the door with the emotionless expression that Brad was getting used to, Kelly came from Cory’s bedroom, and Brad laughed.
“Why were you in my sister’s room?” Brad asked, waiting for yet another bout of teasing.
Kelly ignored his comment and changed the subject.
“Well, she’s different,” Kelly stated.
“Yeah. She better cheer up, or my sister might decide to brighten her day in Cory fashion.”
Brad’s eyebrow raise produced a muffled laugh from Kelly. She knew exactly what incident Brad was referring to.
On Brad’s twentieth birthday, right before he finally decided to ask Kelly out, Cory had a surprise present for him. The surprise was Kelly, wrapped in a bow, sitting on Brad’s bed. He had been moping around the house for a solid week, trying to decide if he should really ask his sister’s best friend out on a date. Cory was not the patient kind, so she came up with a scheme that Kelly was more than willing to help her with.
Cory somehow convinced Kelly to pose naked on the bed, covered only with a bow. Needless to say, Kelly was the best birthday present Cory had ever given him.
“So, what we doing today?” Kelly asked, finally able to wipe the smirk off of her face.
“Dishes, then I need to go check something at work.”
Brad wasn’t quite ready to admit that he had imagined the whole thing. Perhaps he had imagined the size of the creature, but it had seemed so real that it couldn’t have all been made up. Maybe Mister Lank saw something. Perhaps he could shed some light on what had really happened.
“I’ll go with you,” Kelly replied, then headed toward the living room and sat on the couch.
“Sure, why not?” Brad stated, then headed to the sink.
“Do you have today off?” Kelly asked from the couch.
“Ummm…I’m not sure,” Brad answered.
Brad stumbled, and his hands went to his temples. The searing pain nearly floored him.
A blue car. Christmas music. A snowplow. A semi. Pain.
He shook off the strange flashes and continued toward the sink. Thankfully Kelly hadn’t noticed. He didn’t need her urging him to go to the doctor as well. They couldn’t afford a doctor anyway. He would be fine.

Chapter 4
Brad walked sheepishly through the parking lot of the diner. In the middle of the day, the place was nearly packed. It was a little after lunch now, and Kelly could barely contain her amusement while following her frightened boyfriend.
“You really think you saw a bear?” Kelly asked and once again tried to stifle her laughter.
“I said it was bear-like. I didn’t say it was a bear. It had no fur.”
“But it was pitch black, and the lights here don’t work. Maybe it had fur.”
Brad spun and looked at Kelly with annoyance.
“It had no fur. I could see the moon shimmering off of its…skin? Scales? I don’t know. It was really dark. But I know I saw the moon reflecting off of it.”
“Ok, ok,” Kelly replied, holding her hands up in surrender. “Let’s just see if it left anything behind.”
“Not like there will be much left. It’s Friday. The garbage guys came…”
“Brad? Are you ok?” Kelly asked and stopped following.
“No, I’m not ok. I’m imagining furless bear-like creatures.” Then Brad noticed that Kelly had stopped. He spun to face her and couldn’t quite figure out the look on her face. “What?”
“It’s Saturday, not Friday.”
Great! Now he was losing days? At the very least, he was losing track of which day it was. Had he seen the bear-thing last night? Or had it really been two days ago? Had he forgotten about it until today? And if that were true, where had Friday gone?
Had he gone to work? Had he asked Mister Lank about what he’d seen? Why couldn’t he remember?
“Let’s just search around the dumpster. Surely, if there was a huge creature like that, it would have left something behind,” Kelly offered when Brad didn’t acknowledge her correction.
Kelly stepped by Brad and made a beeline toward the dumpster. Brad reluctantly followed, still trying to figure out where a whole day had gone.
“That’s just disgusting.” Kelly stood then pushed the lump with her foot. As it flipped, her expression soured. “What the hell is that?!”
“Holy shit! I didn’t make it up!”
Brad looked ecstatic, but Kelly looked worried, almost scared.
“Is that?”
Kelly didn’t finish, so Brad filled in the rest.
“Yes. It’s a dead opossum.” He smiled up at Kelly, which seemed to confuse her. “I knew I wasn’t making it up.”
“The creature did that to it?” Kelly asked.
Brad looked at the lump of fur more closely and saw how it had been torn and shredded.
“Yes. Then it tossed it at me like a warning,” Brad replied ecstatically.
Although he seemed confident in his statement, he hadn’t really been so sure about it in the shower. Even as he laid awake beside a cutely snoring Kelly, he hadn’t been sure. In fact, his thoughts had started to converge on the hallucination theory as the sun threatened to rise, and he finally drifted off to sleep.
With a renewed belief that he wasn’t nuts, Brad used his thumb and forefinger to lift the carcass, then tossed it into the dumpster.
“We need to talk to Cory. She’s the animal expert. If anyone knows what it could have been, it’s Cory,” Kelly said confidently.
Brad didn’t argue because he was of the same opinion. If anyone in the world could figure this out, it would be Cory.
He was glad he wasn’t nuts, but the alternative was almost unthinkable. The only thing he could think of that could have been that large, with fangs and red glowing eyes, was better suited for a horror movie than reality.
Slimy black skin, long fangs, and glowing red eyes. There was one mythical creature that fit this description. But the creature he saw had no horns on its head and no tail. Or had he just not noticed them in the darkness?

Chapter 5
At four in the afternoon, Brad walked into the apartment. Cory was on the couch joking with Liv. Liv appeared as nervous as Brad had come to expect. Then Cory noticed Brad’s expression.
“What’s wrong?” Cory asked. “Is it your head? Are you sure you’re ok?”
Brad pushed this aside. He needed answers, and his head didn’t hurt that badly.
“I need your help with something that happened the other night,” Brad started.
He wasn’t sure how Cory might take this. He had no proof besides the dead opossum. And it was now in the dumpster at the café. But if anyone could tell him what kind of creature he had seen, it was Cory.
Cory was planning to go to college to become a veterinarian. She loved animals and studied them constantly. It was surprising to Brad that they didn’t have any stray cats. At their home, she’d had a new one every week, but in this apartment, pets weren’t allowed. Despite this, Brad had assumed that Cory would find a way to hide a cat or small dog, but in the months they had lived here, she hadn’t even tried.
Perhaps she was too busy, or maybe she just didn’t think the poor creature deserved to be left alone in this apartment all day. At their home, they always had someone around. When Cory wasn’t there to care for her stray pets, their mom helped. When their mom wasn’t around, Brad or their father would help out. There was always someone.
The cats, squirrels, bunnies, and occasionally puppies all seemed to come an go quickly. Almost like Cory was running an unofficial pet sanctuary.
“What do you need?” Cory asked. She grabbed Liv’s hand, and Liv looked toward Brad with anxiety. After a moment, Liv relaxed.
She wasn’t just new to being gay. It was possible that Cory was her first real girlfriend. The worry and fear of what Brad might think seemed to bother Liv quite a bit. Either that or Liv was attracted to Brad as well. But that was a silly thought. Why would any woman choose him over Cory?
“Thursday night, I saw something after work,” Brad started.
He made his way to the couch and sat beside Cory. Cory turned his way but continued holding Liv’s hand.
“What did you see?” Cory asked nervously.
“It was dark. I think it had black skin, fangs, and…” He wasn’t sure how Cory would take this. “And red glowing eyes.”
“Oh…umm,” Cory stuttered.
“I know what you’re thinking. I’m not nuts. I found the body of the opossum it threw at me. It was real. And Mister Lank. I think Mister Lank saw it or was abducted by it. Not sure.”
Cory looked at Liv nervously then turned toward her brother.
“That doesn’t sound like any animal I’ve heard of. Maybe we should check the library,” Cory said.
It was clear that she was being patronizing, perhaps she was a little worried about his sanity, but the library was the perfect idea. If he could just find a picture or even a description. Something that he could use to help Cory understand that what he’d seen was real. Something to prove to her that someone else had seen this thing too. Maybe then she’d take him seriously.
Suddenly, Brad started to feel dizzy as the pain set in. Images flashed in his mind again. This time some of it was clearer.
A blue car, a snowplow with its flashers on, and a semi honking its horn all flashed by in seconds. Then, as he caught himself on the edge of the couch to stop himself from falling face-first into the coffee table, he felt sturdy again.
“What was that?” Cory asked, now even more concerned for him.
He needed to keep her focused. He was fine. The creature was much more important.
“I’ve been feeling off lately. Dizzy spells, forgetting things, I think I just need some sleep.”
He offered the excuse to Cory, but after thinking about it, he wasn’t so sure. His symptoms all started when he saw the beast by the dumpster. What if the creature had something to do with his symptoms?
“Ok, but if it doesn’t get better soon, you need to let me know. I really think you need to see a doctor.”
After her sisterly warning, Cory wrapped her other hand around his. One hand on Liv’s, one hand on Brad’s, she looked very content. Then she stood, pulling both of them up with her.
“Let’s go see what we can find at the library,” she stated, then they all headed out.

Chapter 6
A couple hours later, Brad sat in the middle of a library that was only one block from his apartment and stared blankly at the open book in front of him.
The book before Brad was one about an ancient mythical creature. But, even though it had been in the fiction section, the picture on page one caught his eye.
The large black beast with sharp teeth and small red orbs was nearly identical to what he had seen. But how could that be possible? If it hadn’t been for the corpse of the dead opossum, he would have assumed that he was going nuts. But now, seeing the picture before him, he was certain that he had seen it.
Reading the title underneath its picture, he couldn’t help but say it out loud.
“The Demonic Companion,” he whispered to himself. It sounded innocuous enough.
Taking a deep breath, he turned the page and started reading about the beast that looked very similar to what he’d seen.
The Demonic Companion is a deceptively vile creature. Not a true demon, but a creature similar to an overgrown psychic leech.
It attaches itself to a host and slowly drains his or her sanity while it kills the loved ones of its target. Some believe that The Demonic Companion feeds off of the misery and grief that it causes its chosen partner.
The prey often times will start to lose their mind, sinking deeper and deeper into insanity as he or she forgets their own life. Symptoms start out small, and by the time the target realizes what is happening, their friends, family, and even their memories are forfeit to the beast.
Brad quickly flipped the page.
To dislodge the beast from its prey, one must…
The rest of the page had been torn out.
“No,” Brad said a little loudly, and Kelly looked up from the book she had been reading.
“What’s wrong?” she whispered.
Brad slid the book toward Kelly and flipped back to the page with the artist’s rendition.
“This is what I saw,” Brad whispered forcefully.
Kelly looked down at it with curiosity, then back at Brad with worry.
“This is a fantasy novel,” Kelly stated, her brow furrowing.
Brad closed the book and looked at the cover.
‘The Beast in the Shadows’ a paranormal thriller by Sarah James.
“No. This is what I saw,” Brad said with confusion.
How could he have seen something from a fiction novel?
“Ok, honey,” Kelly said patronizingly as she shut her book and headed back to the shelf.
It was almost closing time at the library, and Brad needed to find out how the creature had been defeated. Fantasy or not, the picture was of the creature he had seen. What if it was one of those books published as fantasy but based on the author’s real experiences? It was possible.
Brad grabbed the book and headed toward the counter. When he placed it before the librarian, she looked at it, then up at Brad with a grin.
“You’ll like this one,” she said.
“Do they beat the monster?” Brad asked with urgency.
The librarian cocked one eyebrow, then replied.
“Do you really want to know?” she asked.
“Yes, please. I’ll still read it. I’m just one of those people that likes to know it ends well before I start reading,” Brad lied.
“Yes, they do win…sort of. The best part…” She looked at Brad, unsure if she should spoil it for him.
“Please, just tell me,” he urged her.
“Ok, the part I thought was really cool and chilling was the last part. Where the author writes as if it was a true story, saying how everyone is getting along after the thing is killed. The paragraph at the end sent a shiver down my spine.”
“Perfect!” Brad stated, then signed his name on the card, snatched up the book, and headed out of the library.

Chapter 7
Brad flipped to the last page of the book, then started reading. The librarian had said it was chilling, and he needed to know how they had won. He absentmindedly sat on the couch and put his feet on the coffee table while he was engrossed by the words.
Milly won’t go out at night anymore, and Sam can barely get out of bed. Losing their parents was hard on them. But Kristina acts like nothing happened. The youngest of the three children and the target of The Demonic Companion, she acts as if she doesn’t remember anything.
But when I look into her eyes, I can still see the beast in there. His red glow echoing through her mind. And when Kristina, or whatever now possesses her, realizes what I suspect, she smiles at me the way the beast smiled at me that fateful night. And I wonder, did we succeed? Or is he just waiting for us to let our guard down so he can move on and consume another innocent soul?
Andrew tossed the book onto the coffee table with spite.
“They didn’t win. This is useless!” he said angrily.
After sitting on the couch, cradling his head for a few minutes, Cory walked in the door, followed by Liv.
“You finished it finally?” Cory asked with a laugh.
“Finished it?” Brad asked.
“You’ve been reading that thing nonstop for days,” Cory answered.
“I just got home from the library,” Brad objected.
“You went back?” Cory asked as she set a bag of groceries on the counter.
Liv had one in each arm and handed them to Cory one at a time.
“Went back?” Brad asked.
When had they found time to get groceries? He had left the library no more than ten minutes ago. Then the pit in his stomach told him that something was off.
“What day is it?” he asked nervously.
“It’s Monday,” Cory replied as she was putting away the groceries. “Are you feeling ok, Brad?”
Monday? How could it be Monday? He had just been to the parking lot with Kelly this morning…Saturday. Then he went to the library, and now it was Monday?
His eyes found the book on the coffee table. It was opened to the drawing of the creature. And Brad was certain that he was the one it was attached to. It was draining his memories, driving him insane, but thankfully the two people he cared about most in the world were still alive. He needed to do something about this before it was too late.
Brad knew where he had to start. The creature had appeared to him behind the café. But it had been four days ago now. He hoped that it might still be there. And not wanting to let any of the women in his apartment out of his sight, he needed them to go with him.
“I’m going to go look for the creature tonight,” he announced, ignoring Cory’s question about if he was ok. He didn’t want to answer that question because he was most certainly not ok.
“Bring your umbrella, it’s supposed to rain tonight,” Cory said with a laugh.
She thought it was a joke? Or did she not take him seriously? Perhaps all of them thought that he was losing his mind…which he was, but not in the way they assumed.
“You guys should come with me,” Brad replied.
“I’m not going to go sit in a parking lot in the middle of a rainstorm,” Cory replied.
“You guys can sit under the awning at the back of the café if it starts to rain. I’ll be the only one out in it. You can just keep an eye out.” When they didn’t look very convinced, he added more. “Either you’ll realize that I’m not crazy or, if we find nothing, I’ll give up. Promise.”
Cory looked at Liv. The two of them seemed to be sharing a private conversation without words. Though Brad was fairly certain it was about his sanity.
“Fine,” Cory replied. “But only if you agree to see a doctor when it doesn’t show up.”
“You guys won’t regret this,” he said emphatically.
“I mean it. You’ll see a doctor first thing in the morning if it’s not there,” Cory restated her demands.
“Ok,” Brad relented. “If the thing doesn’t show up, I’ll go see a doctor. But it will be there. I have just been a little stressed and forgetful lately. You’ll see. I’m not nuts.”
“A little?” Cory asked, focusing on the part of his rant that concerned her the most. “You’re forgetting things and getting strange flashes. Something is seriously wrong, Brad.”
“Eight-thirty, meet me in the back lot of the café,” Brad said then went to his room to grab a coat and umbrella.
This was his last shot. If there was no sign of the creature tonight, he’d definitely turn himself in at a psychiatric hospital. Losing time like he was, forgetting things, not to mention the flashes he didn’t understand. Something was really wrong. And if a monster was not to blame, his mind was.

Chapter 8
Brad knelt in the damp grass behind the dumpster of the café. He heard the lights click off as Mister Lank must have left the building but didn’t see anyone carrying out the last of the garbage. Perhaps Roger was working tonight. That would explain it. Roger was lazy.
Where were the girls? It was nearly nine, according to the clock on the bank sign across the street. Eight fifty-seven, it flashed, then advertised ‘Free checking with a new account’ before returning to the time once more.
The field behind Brad was dark. The trees whooshed in the blustering wind and announced the storm that was on its way. Even if the creature was here, it was doubtful that he would hear it with all the noise.
A crack of thunder sounded in the distance, it would soon be pouring, as it was in the town to the west. Brad could even smell the sweet scent of cold rain the wind carried with it. Why had he put everything on this night? He should have waited for a clearer night, but it was too late for that now.
Then Brad heard something and turned. He noticed Cory and Liv walking slowly toward him.
“Sorry we’re late. Couldn’t find the batteries,” Cory said, waving a flashlight in her right hand.
“I thought maybe you guys weren’t coming…and where’s Kelly?” Brad asked.
“If you promise you will go see a doctor…” Cory said, and waited.
“I promise. First thing tomorrow,” Brad assured her. “But only if it’s not here.”
“Then we’re going to cover all our bases. We’ll scour the edge of the forest, looking for anything. Just in case you aren’t nuts. And Kelly will be here.” The wink she gave Brad eased his anxiety about the whole situation.
Maybe he was nuts, but maybe that didn’t matter. Cory was here, and Kelly was coming. Even if he had made all of this up, he still had them. And maybe that was enough.
After equipping themselves with flashlights and umbrellas, they each took off toward a different section of the woods that bordered this edge of town.
The woods were fairly expansive, covering nearly ten acres, but the edge was only half a mile wide. And if this creature was real. And if it was what he thought it was. It would have had to leave the woods somewhere in this area to reach the dumpster. Surely something that large would have left some clue. Claw marks on a tree, broken branches, footprints, something.
As Brad approached the tree line, he saw Kelly farther down. She had made it. She even gave him a kind smile before she took her position and headed into the trees.
Suddenly, Kelly screamed at the top of her lungs. Without thinking, Brad took off at a sprint, dropping his umbrella. He would have dropped his flashlight, but it was attached to his wrist with a strap.
When he reached Kelly, she was laughing.
“Raccoon,” Kelly said and shrugged her shoulders. Then she winced. “Sorry.”
“Shit, you nearly gave me a heart attack,” Brad said, still trying to catch his breath.
“It was right there in the…what the hell is that?!” Kelly asked as she directed her flashlight to where the raccoon had been only moments ago.
Brad pulled up his flashlight and pointed it in the same direction then pushed the button to turn it on. As the light fell over the area covered in leaves, Brad caught sight of what Kelly had glimpsed. It looked like a hand.
Brad eased a little closer, shaking with anticipation. If it was a human hand, then he was right. If not, then at least it wasn’t him who found it. No one could say he was making it up. Kelly had seen it first.
The mass of pale material looked like a hand. A bloated and dirty hand. And as Brad inched his way closer, he became more certain that it wasn’t just a hand. Underneath the pile of leaves, he could see the sleeve of a business suit. Then, as he got closer still, he saw the sole of a boot.
“I think it’s a man,” Brad said.
“Are you sure?” Kelly asked. She was shaking so badly that Brad could hear it in her voice.
Brad was only a couple of feet from the body now, and he was sure. It was a man. But was he alive or dead?
It was entirely possible that some trucker had gone into the woods, blackout drunk, from the bar that was only a few hundred feet from here. Perhaps he’d gotten confused and lost. But would a trucker wear a suit?
Brad knelt beside the body and reached out his hand. Much closer now, he could make out the arm that was under the leaves. He intended to flip the man over and see if he was still breathing.
“Be careful,” Kelly warned, still at the edge of the trees and still shaking uncontrollably.
Brad nodded to his girlfriend and reached down into the mass of leaves. The rustling was quiet compared to the wind blowing through the trees. With a swift motion, he tugged the man’s arm, and the body flipped.
Kelly screamed while Brad covered his mouth and nose. The man was dead, and he had been there for at least a few days. The pasty skin and white eyes looked similar to a bloated fish that Brad had found on the edge of a lake one time. And the smell was a hundred times worse.
Then Brad recognized the man. It was Robert Lank. The owner of the café. And that was when Brad knew that he wasn’t crazy. The creature was starting with his acquaintances, but it would soon move on to people he cared about. The demon was real!
“We need to get the police,” Brad said as he stumbled away from the body and tried not to gag. The smell was beyond horrible.
“Liv has my phone in her purse. I didn’t want to drop it,” Kelly stated, then turned to look where Liv should have been. “Liv?”
Brad cleared the trees and looked toward the direction Cory had went, but she was also gone.
“Cory!” Brad shouted, but there was no answer.
“Olivia!” Kelly shouted, and again, there was no answer.
Kelly started backing away from the forest, but Brad grabbed her arm.
“We can’t split up. It’s out there,” he warned.
“We don’t know that,” Kelly stated, holding on to the idea that her boyfriend was nuts. Mostly because the other alternative frightened her more.
“A raccoon didn’t kill Mister Lank,” Brad explained.
“We don’t know what killed Mister Lank,” Kelly said confidently.
“But we know what didn’t kill him. You tell me one animal that could do that to a man his size?” Brad asked.
Kelly forced herself to look back at the large man that was probably three hundred pounds.
“A bear could do that,” Kelly said, grasping for a rational explanation.
“When’s the last time you saw a bear in Chanton? And why would a bear drag him here, then bury him? This isn’t a bear.”
“Bears bury their…food…don’t they?” Kelly replied, still grasping for anything other than what she knew it was.
“Fine,” Brad said with frustration. “Do you want to be alone out here while there is a man-eating bear on the loose?”
“No,” Kelly whined.
“Ok, then Liv first,” Brad stated and grabbed Kelly’s hand as he strode to where Liv had last been seen.
“Why Liv first?” Kelly asked while being pulled along. It didn’t appear that she was in any hurry to go back into the woods.
“Cory’s tough,” Brad stated. Kelly didn’t seem convinced. “Also, she would have screamed for me. She’s pretty good under pressure and very smart.”
“Make’s sense,” Kelly stated.
About a hundred feet along the forest edge, Brad turned and headed into the blackness. His flashlight was barely cutting through the darkness as the wind continued to howl, and the trees groaned their complaints.
He could feel Kelly’s hand shaking in his, and the light coming from her flashlight was all over the place. Every time she heard a noise or a stick breaking off in the wind, her beam would dart in the direction of the sound.
“Keep calling for her,” Brad said calmly.
“Liv!” Kelly shouted, then turned her head in the other direction. “Olivia!”
Still, there was no response other than the wind.
Up above, the dark clouds crowded the sliver of a moon. Nearly pushing it out of existence. The rain was coming soon, which meant they needed to find Liv quickly.
Ahead of Brad, he heard rustling leaves, a different sound than the wind. And had the wind not died down for a moment, he probably wouldn’t have heard it at all.
“Someone is ahead of us,” Brad whispered.
“Liv?” Kelly asked with excitement.
Kelly shot from behind Brad, ignoring the fact that Liv might not be who was in front of them.
“Wait,” Brad warned as Kelly squeezed through the branches that swayed back and forth, attempting to block her way.
Giving into it, he rushed behind her. It wasn’t the smartest idea to go charging blindly into the forest, but he would not lose Kelly too.
After about fifty feet, the darkness nearly swallowed them, then a small clearing appeared in their path. The lump on the ground didn’t give Brad confidence. It was buried beneath the leaves, just like Mister Lank.
“Kelly, wait,” Brad warned, but Kelly was already kneeling beside Liv’s dead body.
“No, no, no!” Kelly sobbed.
Liv’s body was limp, her neck bending at a funny angle.
When Brad shined the light over her, he saw the bloody cut across her cheek. It was deep, deep enough that he could see her teeth. He felt the urge to vomit as his light went lower.
Liv’s jacket was wet, but it hadn’t started raining. The dark liquid was still oozing from the gaping wound in her chest.
“She needs a hospital,” Kelly sobbed, turning to face Andrew.
“It’s too late,” Brad said quietly and lowered his head.
“No. She’s still warm. We can save her! Help me!” Kelly screamed.
Brad didn’t answer. Instead, he moved his light to the liquid that was pooling around Kelly’s knees. Kelly’s eyes followed, and reality set in when she followed the blood upward toward the hole in Liv’s chest.
She leaned over Liv’s body and sobbed.
When Kelly turned back toward him, she had blood on her face.
Another flash of images assaulted Brad’s mind. Blue car, blood, snowplow, a blizzard. Pain! Then it was over, leaving only a blinding headache.
“Brad!” Cory shouted, nearly out of breath, somewhere ahead of them, deeper in the forest.
Her steps could be heard as she ran, but Brad couldn’t see her.
“We need to get out of here!” she yelled, her voice coming from the trees. Was she heading to the café? Had she seen Liv’s body and realized that his demon was very real?
Brad froze when he contemplated the reality of it. A demon was stalking him and killing people he knew. What if he couldn’t protect Kelly and Cory?
“We need to get the hell out of this forest…now!” Cory shouted from somewhere in the mass of trees.
Brad grabbed Kelly’s hand and forced her to follow, then sped toward the parking lot. As they left Liv’s body, lightning lit the sky, and Brad looked back. He saw the creature standing over Cory’s girlfriend. It was terrifying. And although he couldn’t quite make it out, he could have sworn that those vile teeth were smiling at him as the darkness enveloped the clearing. And when the lightning faded, and all that was left was darkness, he could still see the two red glowing orbs.

Chapter 9
Cory laughing, Christmas songs playing on the radio, then anger, blood, a blue car. A blizzard…pain!
Brad woke with a start. He sat up in bed, out of breath, and sweating.
“Kelly!” he shouted, and Kelly appeared in the doorway.
“What’s wrong?” she asked.
Brad noticed the black dress she was wearing. Then his eyes found the black pants and white shirt hanging on the back of the door.
“What’s going on?” Brad asked.
“The funeral is in an hour. I thought you were getting dressed,” Kelly stated. “Cory left already. Please finish getting dressed so we can show our support.”
A funeral? Already? Had he lost more time? The last thing Brad remembered was walking toward the police station. He couldn’t even recall talking to the police officers, but he distinctly remembered walking there.
After dressing, Brad walked into the living room. When Kelly heard Brad walk in, she shot from the couch and threw her arms around him.
“I’m so sorry we didn’t believe you. If we had…” She couldn’t finish the sentence, but Brad understood the meaning.
If they had believed him, maybe Liv would still be alive.
“Let’s just go say our goodbyes,” Brad said quietly. He didn’t know what else to say. Agreeing wouldn’t help anyone. Even though it was the truth, it wouldn’t bring Liv back.
Brad grabbed Kelly’s hand and led her out the front door.
Thankfully, the cemetery was only a few blocks away. In this town, nothing was more than a few blocks away. It didn’t take long for them to get there, and he found his sister right away.
The funeral was nice and peaceful. Cory cried through the entire thing. On the way out, Brad saw Roger. The man who worked the day shifts. Feeling guilty for having missed so much work lately, he felt like he should at least talk to the man.
Roger was in his thirties, had reddish-orange hair that was quickly thinning on top and a freckled face. He was overweight, and even the sharp clothing he wore today couldn’t hide it.
Roger often joked about his poor genes when they spoke of all the women he had failed with. It seemed the man blamed poor genetics instead of the constant supply of food he was eating during his shifts. But, all in all, he was a decently nice guy.
“Hey, Roger,” Brad said. He had lost sight of Kelly and Cory, but he would meet them back at the apartment.
“Sorry for your loss, man,” Roger said sadly.
“Yeah, Cory can’t deal with it,” Brad replied.
Roger just stared at him strangely for several moments.
“Hey. If you need me to grab a shift, I owe you, man,” Brad said, pushing the strange look aside. He patted Roger on the shoulder and started walking toward the apartment.
“I don’t think Missus Lank would appreciate that. Robert fired you then went missing. She thinks you had something to do with it. I’d stay away from the café if you know what’s good for you,” Roger stated then headed toward a group of people.
He had been fired? How long ago was this?
“Roger,” Brad said loudly, and the portly man turned. “When did I get fired?”
Although Roger might think he was crazy, he needed to know.
“What?” Roger asked then took a step back toward Brad. “I know your girlfriend just died, but geez man, get a grip.”
Girlfriend? Cory’s girlfriend died. 
He pushed this aside.
“Just tell me when I was fired!”
“I don’t know. Weeks ago. Calm down.” Roger started walking away, cautiously while not taking his eyes off Brad. “You should see someone. You’re not well, man.”
On the way back to the apartment, Brad kicked at the snow on the edge of the sidewalk. He barely noticed the cars zip by as he crossed the street and headed up to his apartment.
Why had Roger assumed that Liv was his girlfriend? And had he seriously lost weeks?
When he opened the door, Kelly was sitting on the couch. Cory must have been crying in her room, and he didn’t want to bother her, so he shut the door quietly.
“Where have you been?” Kelly snapped. She waved toward the window. “It’s nearly ten.”
Brad looked out the window at the night sky. He was certain he had crossed the street a little after lunch. The sun had been shining. He clearly remembered the sunlight glaring in his eyes from the newly fallen snow.
“I…I don’t know,” Brad sputtered.
“Well, Jessica is worried sick. She’s in your room right now. You better come up with a better excuse than ‘I don’t know’. Seriously, dude. Don’t you care about her?”
“Who’s Jessica?” Brad blurted out.
“Seriously?” Kelly asked and stood. “Your girlfriend?”
“My what?”
“Your girlfriend. Is this some kind of joke? You’re the one who said we needed to see other people. After what happened…” Kelly looked at him compassionately. “Well, you know.”
“No. I don’t know. I’m still losing time. What in the hell happened?!”
“After Liv’s death, Cory and I…we sort of…found each other.”
“You’re with Cory? But you’re not gay!” Brad shouted.
“I thought it was a onetime thing, but you insisted that we should see other people. Didn’t even take you a week to find Jessica. And you were right. I guess I’ve always secretly liked Cory. I just couldn’t admit it.”
Kelly patted Brad on the shoulder.
“It doesn’t mean I didn’t care for you. What we had was very special. It’s just… With Cory, it’s different.”
Brad’s hands moved to his temples, and the pain hit him again. He fell to his knees as the images zipped through his brain.
Cory laughing, Kelly singing along with the Christmas carols from the backseat, anger, blood, a blue car, then pain. So much pain.
“Are you ok, Brad?” a busty redhead asked. She had on a black funeral dress and a handkerchief in her left hand.
“Jessica?” Brad guessed.
“Yes, honey, I’m here,” she said kindly, then helped him to his feet.
He looked toward the couch, but Kelly was gone. She must have gone to console Cory
“I was worried about you,” Jessica stated as she helped him to their room. “Liv’s death hit you pretty hard.”
“I barely knew her, but yeah,” Brad stated.
He didn’t want to tell Jessica what was really bothering him and why. That would have been rude. Although Jessica was very pretty, he missed Kelly. Jessica’s curves were nice but not as full as Kelly’s. Her lips were full, but not a soft as Kelly’s. Why had he told Kelly that they should see other people?
“Still an unexplained death like that. Even if you’d only been seeing her a week…it leaves a mark,” Jessica consoled then eased Brad into the bed.
She started unbuttoning his shirt, and Brad suddenly felt very tired. Why was Jessica saying that he’d been seeing Liv for a week? Within a few moments, exhaustion took over, and he was sound asleep.

Chapter 10
The next morning Jessica climbed off of Brad and was panting with a smile on her face. She grabbed the sheet and covered her naked body, leaving Brad with nothing to cover himself.
While searching for her clothes, she looked at Brad and bit the corner of her lip.
“We should definitely do that more often,” she said, then her cheeks started turning pink. “After I get off work tonight?”
“I’ll be here,” Brad said with a smile.
She wasn’t Kelly, but it was still sex, and Jessica was very attractive.
After dressing, Jessica tossed the sheet onto Brad, and as he straightened it out, intending to get some sleep, he heard the front door shut.
Moments later, he watched as Kelly walked into the room. She was wearing his favorite pair of underwear. White but slightly translucent. He could almost see everything, but the fabric obscured her womanly features. It was like teasing.
“Have fun?” Kelly asked. She tugged at her hair, like it was annoying her, then sat beside him on the bed.
“Fun enough,” Brad said with a laugh.
Without warning, Kelly tossed the sheet up, then slid beneath it before it fell. He felt her hand grab his manhood.
Brad lifted the top of the sheet and looked under it with shock.
“What are you doing?” he asked.
“I said you could have a girlfriend, but you still belong to me…forever,” she said with a devious smile. Then she began to pleasure him, and his head fell back onto his pillow.
The sensation nearly made his eyes roll into the back of his head. Then she stopped and started speaking again. He couldn’t see her underneath the sheet, but he could hear the devious smile.
“Does Jessica do this for you?” she asked, then she started again, not giving him the chance to think.
“N…n…no,” Brad stuttered.
She stopped once more, this time with an order.
“Say it,” Kelly said from beneath the sheet.
“Say what?” Brad asked. He couldn’t think straight. Whatever she wanted him to say, he would say it. Just as long as she didn’t stop.
“Say you will be mine forever,” Kelly said.
“I’m yours,” he said, but she didn’t resume.
“Say all of it. You have to say it all,” she commanded.
“I’m yours, forever,” Brad said, and Kelly giggled then continued to pleasure him.

Chapter 11
The next morning Brad woke and headed toward the living room. Jessica had gone. She must have left early. He was certain that she’d spent the night. He distinctly remembered having sex with his girlfriend after she got off work, then drifting off to sleep together.
His ex-girlfriend, the one he still belonged to, was happily sitting on the couch, wearing practically nothing. The same bra and panties that were partially translucent and left little to the imagination.
“Come on, Kelly,” Brad complained. “Jessica didn’t see you, did she?”
Despite the fact that she was with his sister now, she was still the most beautiful woman Brad had ever seen. Far prettier than Jessica. And ten times better in bed.
Why had he told Kelly that he wanted to see other people? It made no sense. He adored her. At least she still wanted to have sex with him.
Was he really sharing Kelly with Cory? Just like he had posed as a joke? It was strange, but he felt he had no choice. Even a small part of Kelly’s life was better than all of someone else's.
“You broke up with Jessica last week,” Kelly replied.
“Last week?” Brad asked.
This was getting really bad. His skips in time were getting more frequent.
“Oh, shit!” Kelly exclaimed and pointed at the TV.
The scene was an overhead view of the town they lived in, then it zoomed in, and a view of the snowy road was the focus. The reporter could be seen speaking into a microphone while cars zoomed by on the snowy street behind her.
“Jessica Mason was last seen Sunday night in the sleepy town of Chanton Nebraska. This is the second case of a missing woman in this town, and locals are starting to wonder if their small town is safe.”
“As you remember, a month ago, Olivia Ortega went missing from the local diner, and her body was never found. Last week’s closed casket service came after the news that her clothing had been discovered, covered in her blood.”
“Sources close to the family say that Liv, as she was called by friends, was a quiet girl. Before her disappearance, she spoke of a mysterious boyfriend that her parents never got the chance to meet.”
“In a related story, the man thought to have perpetrated the first of these abductions, Roger Lank, was found dead this morning. His death appears to have been from hypothermia. Mister Lank appears to have broken his leg, then frozen to death before he could crawl for help. He was found in the same woods as Miss Ortega’s clothing but in a different area. He was behind the café which he owned with his wife. A mere one hundred feet from the help that he so desperately needed.”
“Since Roger’s death appears to have happened before Olivia Ortega’s disappearance, he could not have been behind the abduction.”
“This leaves the sheriff’s department with no leads and no suspects.”
“If you have any information about Olivia Ortega or Jessica Mason, please call the number at the bottom of your screen.”
Brad’s mouth fell open.
“We…” Brad said then couldn’t finish his sentence, he started again. “We went to the cops after Liv.”
“We did,” Kelly said then turned to Brad. “We told them what we saw, and they laughed at us. Sent a bunch of men into the forest and came up with nothing. Not even bloody leaves,” Kelly finished.
“But…” Brad stuttered.
“Your demon cleaned up after itself. Not a trace,” Kelly added.
“Surely there was something,” Brad argued.
“Nope,” Kelly answered.
“I’m going to go search the woods. Maybe I can find something they missed,” Brad said then realized he was talking about police officers. It was doubtful they had missed anything. Although they might not have known what to look for. He corrected his statement. “Well, maybe I can find something they didn’t know they were looking for.”
“Like what?” Kelly asked as she stood. She started toward Cory’s room.
“Just let me worry about that, I’ll head over to the woods, and I’ll be back by sundown.” Brad headed towards his room.
“I think you missed that by a good hour,” Kelly stated and motioned to the window.
Hadn’t he just woken up? It was dark already? How?
It didn’t matter. He’d head over there at night. The demon didn’t want to kill him. It was using him, draining him. Either that or something much worse was going on.
He barely wanted to think about it, but there it was. Nearly stabbing him in the brain. The thing all three victims had in common was him.
Perhaps he was nuts, and he was killing these women. Possibly attributing it all to a fantasy demon. Maybe he had killed Mister Lank to cover it up. He was blacking out quite often.
Whichever version was the truth, he needed to know.

Chapter 12
The night was peaceful as Brad stepped through the tree line. The crunch of leaves under his shoes seemed loud, but tonight there was no blustering wind and no rainstorm on the way. The moon was even cooperating this evening.
The full moon’s glow lit the forest floor almost as well as his flashlight.
The leaves looked smashed and damp. The remnants of snow were still visible everywhere. And as he made his way to what sounded like a bubbling stream, he caught the glimpse of something moving in the distance.
Brad froze and lowered his flashlight. In the light of the moon, he could see it. Its head looked smooth, but this time large horns came from its head. They caught the moon as the creature’s head turned toward him. He didn’t see the red glowing eyes, but the light coming from the moon lit the creature up. Perhaps it was hiding the red glow.
Brad inched forward. His shoes crunched on the leaves, and the creature froze. It was looking right at him. Would it attack? Would it speak to him? What did it really want from him?
Brad raised the flashlight in an instant, and the beam of light reflected off the pale tan fur of…a deer.
“Holy shit!” Brad said, releasing the breath he hadn’t even realized he was holding.
The deer, hearing him, shot off into the forest.
Maybe he was nuts. Perhaps it had been a deer he’d seen that night? But then how did Mister Lank end up dead?
Behind where the deer had been standing, Brad noticed the glowing red orbs, and he was once again unable to breathe. As he waited for it to move, he could hear the creature panting. In, out, in, out. Almost like a dog. It was quick like the creature had been running. And he could hear the high pitched whines it was making. What was it doing?
Why was it just staring at him? What did it want?
Pushing his fear aside, Brad forced himself to breathe, then took a step toward it. As he neared, the panting became faster. In, out, in, out. Now the whines sounded more like grunts or moans. Why were they so high pitched?
It invaded his thoughts and started to make his head hurt. But Brad pushed on, step by step, he drew closer to the creature that was hiding in the bush a mere ten feet away.
He didn’t want to raise his flashlight for fear that it might dart off like the deer had. He needed a way to prove that it was real. If it wasn’t going to kill him, perhaps he could touch it. If he could touch it and know that it wasn’t all in his mind, then he’d worry about how to convince the police.
If instead, it was all a figment of his imagination, he’d turn himself in. Maybe he had placed the dead opossum himself. Perhaps he had taken Kelly with him to substantiate his own story.
Either way, if the creature was solid, he wasn’t insane. If it wasn’t…
When he was only a couple feet from the panting demon, Brad stuck out his hand. The creature was holding perfectly still except for its panting and moaning. But he couldn’t concentrate on the noises. They hurt his head even though they were so quiet.
And as Brad’s hand entered the bush, its hand reached out and grabbed his. It felt warm and smaller than he had imagined. Smaller than his own, and it was soft. Then the creature gasped, squeezed his hand, and grunted, still in a pitch too high for a demon. Afterward, the creature shot off, heading deeper into the woods.
Brad raised his flashlight and charged after the creature.
The joy Brad felt was exquisite. The creature was real! He wasn’t insane, and he wasn’t a murderer.
The chase went on for a few hundred feet, then the creature zipped around a tree and vanished.
If he could just find its lair or cave, then maybe he could obtain proof that would convince the police. Surely the thing had somewhere it was staying. It wasn’t like a black evil creature with red glowing eyes could rent an apartment.
He had seen it three times in this forest. It had to be here somewhere.
Brad scoured the area and noticed the bubbling stream he had heard. It was beside him. And in the cold, icy water, was Jessica.
Jessica’s eyes were frosted over, her mouth in a position of surprise…maybe fear. Perhaps she had been screaming when the creature killed her.
Her clothes were simple. Jeans, a nice flowery blouse, and a winter coat. They looked ruffled but clean. Then Brad’s eyes moved to her throat. The marks on her throat were the only evidence that she had been killed by a monster. Had the creature used its fangs to tear out her throat? The blood from the wound must have been washed away by the quick running water. There was not a drop of blood anywhere.
Brad knelt at the edge of the stream and carefully poked at the wounds on Jessica’s neck with a stick he had found. He watched TV and knew about fingerprints and DNA. Since he wasn’t crazy, he wanted no trace of himself left on the body. But there was also no trace of the fangs or whatever had made the long gashes across Jessica’s neck. He had hoped for a chip or piece of something to provide physical proof, but there was nothing.
The creature had led him here. Why? Was it to relish in Brad’s anguish? Is that why it was waiting in the bush for him? Was it panting and moaning in its anticipation of the joy it would receive when Brad discovered her body?
If so, the monster would be very disappointed. Brad barely knew Jessica. In his memory, he’d had sex with her but little else. He had no affection for her, despite being told that he’d been in a relationship with the woman. And to be honest, Jessica wasn’t half as good as Kelly was in bed.
Seeing her dead body was a little saddening because he wouldn’t see her anymore, but probably not what the monster expected. Perhaps the creature was defeating itself. It couldn’t make him mourn someone he didn’t even know. By stealing his memories of the pretty redhead, it had robbed itself of its victory.
After completely scouring the area and finding nothing to point to the creature, Brad headed back home.
Along the way, he went through many scenarios for how to tell the police what he’d found. And each time, he came up with the same conclusion. They’d blame him.
After the false alarm with Liv and now finding Jessica, he was certain that they would come up with the same conclusion that he’d originally feared. That he was insane and had committed the murders himself.
So, with disappointment, he gave up on telling the police. At least in person. He’d find a way to make an anonymous phone call from a payphone and disguise his voice or something like that. Because if he went to jail, who would stop the creature?

Chapter 13
Brad woke as Kelly’s arm stretched across his chest. She leaned in and kissed him on the lips.
“Morning, sexy,” she said with a wink.
“What in the hell?!” Brad asked and scooted away from Kelly. “You’re with Cory now,” Brad said. Though the sight of his ex-girlfriend, completely naked in his bed, was not the worst way he could have woken.
“Did you lose time again?” Kelly asked.
“What month is it?” Brad asked.
“February,” Kelly replied.
“Damn it! The last thing I remember is finding Jessica’s body then heading…”
“You found Jessica’s body?” Kelly asked with shock.
“But that was a month ago. Didn’t I tell anyone?” Brad asked. “And why are you in my bed?”
“Cory! He lost time again!” Kelly shouted as she stood, completely unashamed, and walked out of the room.
After a few moments, Cory came walking in wearing a tank top and white cotton panties.
“Want me to get Kelly?” Cory asked with a wink as she saw the bulge hiding under Brad’s blanket.
Brad pushed this aside.
“What in the hell is going on?” Brad asked with shock.
“Brad, you really need to see a doctor about this,” Cory stated, then left the room.
Brad grabbed his temples as the pain overtook him once more.
Cory’s evil smile, an argument, pain, a devious laugh, a blue car. Tremendous pain. Acceptance.
“Are you ok?” Kelly asked as she returned and sat beside him. She still had no clothes on and stroked Brad’s hair.
“Bad headaches again. I keep seeing flashes of something,” he said.
“Still no idea what it is?” Kelly asked.
“I’ve told you about the flashes?” Brad asked in response.
“All the time. After Mister Lank hit you, you started having them.”
“Mister Lank hit me?” Brad asked.
“Yeah, the day you got fired. Though I think you probably deserved it after tossing garbage on his new suit,” Kelly said with a laugh. “Do you remember why you covered him in garbage?”
Why couldn’t he remember any of this? Was it the blow he had received, or was it the demon? Which of them was causing his memory lapses? Which of them was causing his painful flashes? Had the demon killed Mister Lank, or had Mister Lank actually died because he broke his leg and froze to death?
“What have I told you about the flashes? Do they mean anything to you?” Brad asked with urgency.
“A blue car. A snowplow. A semi-truck. And a bunch of confusing emotions. Doesn’t mean anything to me. Does it mean anything to you?” she asked.
“No,” he replied sadly.
“Oh, yeah. And Christmas music playing on the radio.”
“Still nothing,” he stated.
“Get dressed. You have a job interview today. Maybe you can get your job back.”
“I thought Missus Lank hated me? She thought I was responsible for her husband going missing.”
“She died last month. Heart attack. Her daughter Genine is in charge of the place now. She told you to stop by and apply. I think she has a thing for you,” Kelly said with a smirk.
“That doesn’t bother you?” Brad asked.
“Why would it? I’m fine with sharing,” Kelly said with a wink, then walked out of the room, still not bothering to cover herself.
After a long cataloging of everything he could remember, Brad stood and dressed in the clothes that had been laid out for him on his dresser. Was Kelly picking out his clothes, or was Cory? Was one of them trying to make sure he got a job? Or were they trying to set him up with Genine?
If he believed his sister and her girlfriend, which he did, he had been out of a job for a couple of months now. How were they still eating? How were they paying rent?
After dressing, he walked into the living room, intent on asking how they were paying their bills. When he entered the room, he was lost once again.
“Happy Birthday!” Cory and a petite brunette woman shouted.
The room was dark except for the candle on the cake. It was in the shape of the number twenty-one. The brunette woman, in the attractive dress, grabbed his arm, pulled him down, then kissed him on the cheek. Afterward, she whispered in his ear.
“I’ll give you your other present when you walk me home,” she said, then ushered him over by the cake.
Brad blew out the candles, and they started singing.
Looking down at the brunette who was attached to his arm, he wondered who she was. Had he gotten yet another girlfriend without realizing it? Was Kelly jealous? Did she care? And where was she? Why couldn’t he remember anything for the last month? His birthday was in March. March third. The last he remembered, it was February. Why hadn’t he bothered to ask which day in February it had been?
After avoiding using the woman’s name for nearly an hour, she excused herself to use the bathroom. Seeing his opportunity, he slid beside his sister and whispered in her ear.
“Who is she?” Brad whispered.
“Genine. Don’t tell me it happened again,” Cory scolded.
“What happened to sharing Kelly?” Brad asked, much quieter.
Cory just looked at him strangely before walking to her room.
“I said you could have a girlfriend, Brad. But you’re still mine. When she’s done with you, I’ll show you what a proper birthday present is,” Kelly said as she came up behind him, then walked toward Cory’s room as the bathroom door opened.
“Ready to walk me home?” Genine asked with a knowing grin.
Brad’s hands went to his temples, and the searing pain sunk him to his knees.
Kelly in the backseat, smiling at him. Cory in the passenger seat with an evil grin. Blue car. Snow. Why was the car sideways? Acceptance. Relief.

Chapter 14
Brad looked around as the table slid out of the MRI machine. The glaring lights hurt his eyes, and the doctor who walked up to him didn’t look familiar.
“It’s exactly as we expected. Swelling of the brain. The hit didn’t cause it, but the fall afterward sent a piece of your skull into the soft tissue of your brain,” the mustached, balding man said.
The doctor was short, about Cory’s height, and older. His facial hair and what little he had on his head, were dyed the dark brown he had once had as a younger man. But it was too dark to be real, and Brad could see his true hair color in his eyebrows.
“What?” Brad asked.
“The swelling in your brain. That is what is causing you to have these memory lapses. A very small piece of your skull broke off when you fell against the dishwasher. If Mister Lank were alive, you’d have the makings of a rock-solid case. But, since he has passed, as well as his wife and their only daughter. There’s no one left to sue.”
The doctor looked down on Brad with sympathy.
“You could try to sue the estate. But, that’s a question for a lawyer, not a doctor.” With a laugh, the man walked back out of the room, and a nurse came to help him to the changing room.
Genine was dead too? What had happened to her? And how had he gotten into this hospital? What month was it?
The sharp pains assaulted his mind again, and he fell to one knee while the nurse spoke, but he couldn’t make out the words. The blinding pain forced him to watch the memories…or whatever they were.
Christmas songs playing on the radio in the blue car. A snowplow with its flashers on. A semi-truck driving in a blizzard. Cory upset. Kelly’s eyes glowing red. Pain. Blood. The blue car on its side. Acceptance. Cory smiling. Relief. Happiness! Love!
“Are you alright, Mister Evansworth?” the nurse asked.
“I think so,” Brad stated.
“The medication will reduce the swelling, and those headaches should be gone in a day or so. After a couple weeks, we’ll talk about removing the piece if it doesn’t work its way out.”
She helped Brad sit on the bench beside the many lockers.
“Most times though, after the swelling goes down, the piece is just ejected or absorbed. The damage corrects itself pretty quickly after that.”
“Thank you,” Brad said, still feeling dizzy from his latest flash.
This one had been longer. He felt like he almost had enough to understand what the memory was trying to tell him. Then it hit him. Kelly’s eyes. They were glowing red. Was Kelly the demon? Was she possessed like the girl in the book? Was she killing everyone, and he somehow knew it? But what was with the car and the snowstorm? What did that have to do with it?
The nurse handed him a bottle of pills.
“One pill, twice a day. This will get you through the week, but make sure to refill it. And if I was you, I’d contact a lawyer immediately. What your boss did to you? I’d sue his ass off.”
The pleasant nurse walked away while Brad was left to dress himself.

Chapter 15
The next morning Brad woke, headed to the kitchen, and immediately downed one of the pills. One at night, one in the morning, he wouldn’t miss even one. He was tired of losing time. Cory and Kelly even offered to remind him if he forgot.
“Take a pill yet?” Cory asked while she strode toward the bathroom, completely nude.
“Yes, Mommy,” Brad said.
“Eww. Don’t call me Mommy. That’s just creepy. Especially when I’m naked,” Cory said.
Then Brad heard the bathroom door shut. Thankfully he had realized his sister was naked before completely focusing on her. That would have been very awkward.
Brad laughed and set out to find clean dishes for breakfast. While he was searching, Cory walked up behind him and started rubbing his shoulders. Brad’s eyes made their way to her legs and noticed that she had graciously put on some clothing. Sweat pants. Then he moved his eyes up. And an oversized tee-shirt. His clothes. But she was his little sister. Sisters and girlfriends were allowed to steal your clothes. That was just the way of things.
“What happened to Genine?” Brad asked, hoping to fill in a few blanks.
Now that the pills were working, he felt like himself again. No flashes, no missing time…at least not yet. Even though it had only been one day, he still felt better than he had in months.
This still left him with the revelation, the one he wasn’t entirely certain about. Was Kelly the demon? Or at the very least possessed by it?
“Genine was strangled. You don’t remember?” Cory asked.
“Things are still fuzzy, but the pills are helping.” Brad looked around the apartment. “Where’s Kelly?” Brad asked anxiously.
He didn’t want to start accusing her and have her walk-in or listen in from another room. Losing a girlfriend he didn’t know like Genine and Jessica, that was bad. Losing Cory would be unbearable. What if Kelly hurt Cory because of him? He could never live with that.
Kelly was beautiful, funny, attentive, and incredible in bed. But Cory was his world. His life. Without Cory, even Kelly would not be enough. Even insanity would be preferable to losing his little sister.
“She’s around,” Cory said with a strange grin. “Why? Want to talk to her?”
The stupid grin and the way she said talk, made Brad smile for a second.
“No, I just wondered where she was,” Brad answered and pushed the smile away.
It didn’t matter how attractive Kelly was. She might have been a murderer, possibly a demon. The fuzziness of the last few months weighed on him. How much of it was real?
Had he actually touched the demon’s hand? Or had his mind made him feel it? A brain injury like he had suffered would explain a lot, and he needed to be sure before he got his sister involved. It was quite possible that his mind had confused things and that Kelly was just a serial killer, not a demon.
But, as strange and confusing as everything was, the flashes seemed very solid. Not fuzzy like everything else. Perhaps his damaged mind had picked up on things over the months and put them together. Whatever it was, he was certain that Kelly had something to do with it. And he needed to find out what she was up to before it was too late.
“I’m going to head out and wander around town today. See if I can jog the old noggin,” Brad said with a laugh.
“Probably a good idea. You’ve been so out of it for the last few months. I urged you to go to the doctor. I’m just glad Kelly finally talked you into it,” Cory said with a strange grin.
What had Kelly done to get him to go? Plied him with sex? Quite possibly. That didn’t mean she wasn’t a murderer. Perhaps psychotic. That would explain quite a bit.
“Gotta go,” Brad said, then rushed to his bedroom.
That was it! That was the solution! Kelly wasn’t a serial killer, and she wasn’t a demon. His mind had made her into one because it was damaged. But everyone Kelly had killed had one thing in common. Him!
Kelly was just psychotic.

Chapter 16
Brad started his first clear day by visiting the café. Did he still work there? Had he been fired again? Filing a lawsuit against the estate that probably still owned this place would certainly make them a little skittish around him. But he needed to find out what had happened the day Mister Lank hit him.
When Brad entered the café, a waitress he had never met, smiled at him. She was pretty, blonde, and young. Behind the counter, Van waved through the window to the kitchen, so Brad made his way up to the stool directly in front of the window.
“I heard about the MRI,” Van said loudly.
“Yeah,” Brad replied.
“You gonna sue this place?” Van asked with a laugh.
“Not sure yet,” he stated. Then he decided that Van didn’t seem very upset about the situation, so he started with his questions. “Do you remember what happened that day? It’s all a blur.”
“Got a break coming up in like ten. Meet me around back,” Van said, so Brad let Van finish the meals he was preparing and headed toward the door.
Before he could leave, the pretty young blonde caught his elbow.
“Glad you’re feeling better, we still on for tonight?” she asked, raising her eyebrows a few times.
“Sure…” he searched her uniform until he found the name tag. “Mindy.”
“Don’t act like you forgot my name again. At least you didn’t call me Kelly like last time,” Mindy said with a flirtatious grin.
“Yeah, sorry about that,” Brad said. He pointed at his head and laughed. “Swelling of the brain.”
“I’ll be over at seven. And just so we’re clear. If you call me Kelly when we’re having sex, brain injury or not, you won’t walk straight for a week.” Her stern look told Brad that she was serious even though she tried to throw in a laugh afterward.
“Yes, ma’am,” Brad said, then headed out the front door.
He was getting used to going along with people. Especially his girlfriends, which he seemed to have a lot of. Two of them had ended up dead, maybe three. Depending on if Liv had been his girlfriend. And this was the perfect way to stop Kelly.
He had surmised that Kelly was killing people who were harmful to him, like the Lanks. Or, like Jessica and Genine, possibly Liv, were girlfriends that she was jealous of. Sure she had said she was ok with it but was she really ok with it?
He still didn’t quite understand the situation with Liv, but his mind had been very fuzzy around that time. Perhaps he had been seeing Liv. Perhaps Cory had too. He wasn’t entirely sure. Cory seemed fine with sharing Kelly. Why wouldn’t she be fine sharing Liv?
Three girlfriends and two people who had slighted him. There was a pattern there. And it centered around Kelly.
Some people might have thought that it centered around him. He surely had come to that conclusion at one point. But it wasn’t him. He had no reason to kill girlfriends he didn’t remember. No reason to kill the Lanks. He didn’t even recall the fight with Mister Lank. 
The images from his brain. Those were the key. His mind, though damaged, had been piecing things together. It had zeroed in on Kelly. Things she did and things she’d said. And it had come up with the conclusion that even the police had failed to see. Kelly was killing people around him.
He could even see how his mind had come up with the demon story. He had probably read that book before, though he couldn’t remember when. And his mind had used the story of ‘The Demonic Companion’ to tell him the truth about Kelly. He still didn’t understand the flashes, but they were likely also part of his mind’s way of piecing together the truth. And Brad was certain that, as the days went by, and his mind was healed, he would come to understand their importance.
It took Van a little longer than ten minutes to appear outside the back door. But Brad was happy to wait. He needed to know the truth about what had happened with Mister Lank.
“So, what happened that day?” Brad asked, skipping right to his questions.
“Ok. But this is between you and me. I don’t want to lose my job, and I don’t want to testify. Tell them it’s what you remember or whatever. Just leave me out of it,” Van warned.
“Deal,” Brad replied.
In truth, he probably wouldn’t even sue the café. He just needed to piece together his memories.
“So, it started when you were talking to Cory.” Van shifted slightly as if he was uncomfortable. “Mister Lank caught you guys talking and said some pretty nasty things. You know how he was.”
“What did he say?” Brad asked.
“He told you to stop flirting with your sister and get back to work,” Van replied. “Then you lost it. Turned over the garbage can on his head and covered him in slop.” Van started laughing. “It was amazing! Until he decked you, then you slipped on the wet floor and fell. No one realized that you hit your head on the side of the dishwasher.”
“Your sister looked so worried. She held your head and begged you to wake up. You must have been out for like five minutes. Then you went back to work like nothing happened. Mister Lank fired you but let you finish the shift because he felt so guilty, and your sister took off. Said she’d forgotten something at work.”
“Thanks, Van,” Brad replied.
“No problem, but remember. I said nothing,” Van stated, then went back inside.
As Brad walked back to the apartment, he contemplated what had happened.
Kelly hadn’t even been there, but maybe Cory had told her. She must have. How else would Kelly have known to come to the lot that evening? Cory didn’t realize that Kelly would go off like that. Kelly always did have a strange way of showing her affections. Over the top and completely out of control. Yeah, that would describe her.
Kelly’s jealousy had caused problems in the past. And now that his mind was working properly again, he could recall the incidents with detail.
Like the time she had shoved an ice cream cone in a girl’s face because she thought the girl was winking at him. In truth, the girl had gotten something in her eye, but Kelly didn’t know that. Afterward, she apologized, but it didn’t sound sincere.
Then there was the time she ‘accidentally’ ran into a waitress at a roadside diner. He couldn’t recall what day it was, some things were still fuzzy, but he clearly remembered the encounter.
The waitress had been carrying food to another table after taking his order. Kelly thought that the waitress had been flirting with Brad. And, to tell the truth, she probably was. But that didn’t give Kelly the right to spill a boiling hot pot of coffee and two bowls of scalding soup down the woman’s shirt. She went to the hospital with second-degree burns shortly after.
Yes, his brain was on the right track. Leaving him clues in its damaged state, letting him know that Kelly’s obsessive nature had turned violent. It was even a little amusing that she had been the one to convince him to go to the doctor. And now that his brain was getting back to normal. It would be her downfall.

Chapter 17
It was a little before seven when Brad was finally ready. Mindy would be arriving soon, and Brad would catch Kelly in the act.
He wasn’t too worried. She would never hurt him. In her own sick way, she loved him.
He double-checked the Ketamine he had stashed in his pocket. He had borrowed it from Cory’s stash. Something she used for all of her stray pets when they needed calming. Add a few drops in the wine he planned to offer Kelly, and that would do the trick. Then all he would have to do was hand her over to the police.
Kelly would surely have the knife she intended to use on Mindy. It was more than likely the same knife she had used on Liv and Jessica. Or maybe it would be whatever she had strangled Genine with. Either way, he’d have some evidence to give the police.
A knock rang out through the apartment, and Brad rushed to the door. It was probably Mindy. Step one in his plan.
It took Brad a few moments to open the door. Cory must have locked it before she went to her room. She had complained of being tired and not wanting to watch Brad fawn all over Mindy. Which he wasn’t going to do. But she didn’t have to do the chain, the deadbolt, and the latch.
When he opened the door, he was surprised to find Kelly standing outside in a pleasingly tight dress. He assumed that Cory’s vigorous locking was why she had knocked. She had a key to the place, but that didn’t let her undo the chain.
Brad stuck his head out the door, but Mindy was nowhere in sight. Which didn’t really bother him too much. If she stood him up, it didn’t really matter. Kelly didn’t know that she wasn’t coming, and Kelly was there looking ready to kill. He would still get to execute his plan.
“Some wine?” Brad offered graciously.
Kelly smiled and nodded as Brad led her to the kitchen.
He couldn’t believe how good she looked tonight. That auburn hair that he loved so much. That smile. It almost had him regretting that he needed to turn her in. Still, he needed to. It was the right thing to do. The way her jealousy was raging out of control, she might turn her anger on Cory.
Brad popped one of his pills. He had nearly forgotten to take one. And even missing one pill might stifle his recovery. This also meant that he couldn’t drink wine. But, hopefully, Kelly would understand.
“Water for me,” he said, holding up the pill bottle.
Brad grinned as he filled his glass from the tap, then turned and poured wine in Kelly’s. He kept her behind his back so that she wouldn’t be able to see what he was doing. Then he quickly reached into his pocket and let three drops fall into the maroon liquid. Three might have been a little much, but he wanted to make sure that she was out cold. Not that she could overpower him physically, but she did have a way of getting him to do things he wouldn’t do otherwise.
How much convincing would it take before he let her go? He was already enamored by her this evening. It wouldn’t take much more before he gave up and let her escape.
Brad handed Kelly the glass, and she took a sip.
“Don’t be shy. There’s plenty,” Brad said as he made his way to the couch.
Kelly looked at him with a coy grin, then downed the glass.
“You only live once, right?” she asked with a laugh.
Her voice sounded strange. Did she have a cold? It was a little deeper than normal, but it was still cold outside. She was probably getting sick.
“Exactly,” he replied.
As Kelly walked toward the couch, her footing seemed off. She started to teeter. Then she grabbed for the wall.
“That stuff is strong,” she said with a laugh, then looked worried.
She looked right at Brad.
“Did you drug me?” she asked with panic.
And the visage of Kelly faded. Before Brad stood Mindy, in the same sharp dress he had seen on Kelly.
Mindy dropped the wine glass, and it shattered while she struggled to maintain her balance. She reached for the kitchen counter, but it was too far. The wall beside her had nothing to grab. Not even the corner was enough to keep her standing.
“Mindy?!” Brad shouted and rushed to grab her, but by the time he reached her, she had fallen to the floor.
Brad watched in horror as the blood inched across the kitchen floor. Mindy had fallen on top of the wine glass that she had dropped. It appeared to have stabbed her in the throat.
“Brad?” Cory’s voice rang out from behind him. “What’s going on?”
“I didn’t mean to…I thought…” he struggled as he saw the shock on his sister’s face.
The shock started to ease, and she walked forward, then threw her arms around Brad’s neck and comforted him.
Her black sweatpants and shiny black vinyl jacket took him by surprise. Was she going out jogging? She even had a black headband on her forehead with two red dots above her eyes. And a face mask around her neck with fangs stenciled on the front.
“What do we do?” Brad asked.
“Don’t worry,” Cory said.
Her voice soothed Brad. Even the slick material of her jacket felt like heaven to him. He would be fine now. His sister would help him figure this out.
“I didn’t mean to kill her,” Brad said, full of worry. What must his sister be thinking?
“I know you didn’t,” Cory said. “It was an accident. Still…you did kill her.”
Cory eased Brad onto the couch.
“I didn’t mean to,” Brad argued.
Cory took a step back, grinned then headed to her room. She spoke as Brad heard a drawer open and shut. He heard the vinyl jacket hit the floor, then the sweat pants. Was she changing to help him?
“I know you didn’t mean to, but you have no idea how much that turns me on,” Cory said, and Brad’s heart rate soared. Why was she talking like this? “I wanted to be the one to kill her, but you doing it for me is very hot!”
What was she saying? What was going on?
In a moment, Cory came out, stuffing her blonde hair under an auburn wig. She had removed her black outfit and was wearing the nearly translucent underwear that he loved so much on Kelly. And after her blonde hair vanished under the wig…Kelly stood before him.
Kelly sat on Brad’s lap, and he was unable to move. The realization was too much for him. And as she leaned in to kiss him, the flashes he had experienced over the last few months enlightened him.

Chapter 18
Brad drove his parents' blue Camaro down the highway. The blizzard was starting, and he hoped that he and his sister could be home before it got really bad.
Why had Cory insisted that they go Christmas shopping so late? They had left right after school and spent the whole day shopping but buying nothing. Not that Brad minded. He enjoyed spending time with his sister. College was coming up soon, and he dreaded leaving her. She was everything to him.
The wipers seemed to be keeping time with the music as Cory sang along.
She was so carefree and happy. What had changed? She had been so moody lately. Always arguing with their parents and shouting late into the evening. He felt guilty that he couldn’t help her somehow. But he was her older brother. It was how he should feel. Even wanting to protect her from their parents. That was his job. To protect her.
His feelings for his sister were completely platonic. That was the way it had to be. She was his sister.
“Why you so chipper?” Brad asked and saw the smile grow on Cory’s face.
The snow was really coming down now, and Brad turned up the wipers while Cory decided how much to share with him. Brad even slowed down so that he could pay attention to his little sister without risking her life.
“We’re adopted,” Cory said, but her grin was strange. Almost evil.
“We are not,” Brad argued.
“Found out last week,” Cory stated, not offering any more.
Was this why she had been arguing with their parents? Still, his mind rejected the idea.
“You’re lying!” Brad objected.
“Nope, Mom and Dad…” the way she said their names was spiteful and full of hate. “should have locked their closet. I found the adoption records.”
“Come on, you’re pulling my leg,” Brad said with a laugh.
But Cory’s face didn’t give him hope. He could always tell when she was lying, and this time, she wasn’t.
“Nope. They tried to lie to my face. Even after I showed them the papers I’d found, they still denied it.” Cory paused and waited for Brad to lock eyes with her. “Mom finally admitted it after I slit Dad’s throat.”
“You what!?” Brad shouted, staring at Cory, hoping that she was joking. She wasn’t.
“Brad! Look out!” Cory shouted, pointing out the front window.
Brad turned his head to see a snowplow with its flashers on. It was stopped in the road. Brad instinctively hit the brakes, but in the snow, the car kept moving. It slid, turning sideways as he watched in horror.
Their parents’ blue Camaro hit the snowplow, smashing in Cory’s door. It then bounced off and slid in the opposite direction, right in front of a semi-truck heading the other way, and Andrew’s door was crushed by the oncoming truck.
The car spun and flipped as the semi glanced the car, and the force tossed it into the ditch nearby.
It landed on the driver’s side door, and Cory was left hanging from her seat belt. As Brad’s eyes opened, he saw his sister. Her sweet face was covered in blood from where she had smashed into the side window. There was even a gash over her right eye. And he was not prepared for the evil smile that slowly filled her beautiful face.
“Mom died much slower,” she said with excitement in her voice.
The pain seared Brad’s right arm. He knew it was broken. Both legs were trapped by the steering wheel when the latch under his seat had snapped. His legs didn’t feel broken, just numb from the crash. But there was no way he would be able to get out of the car. Not until someone helped him.
“Why are you telling me this?” Brad asked.
Using his left arm, he tried to push himself backward to free his legs, but it was no use. The position and his own weight wouldn’t allow it.
“They lied to me…to both of us. Aren’t you angry?” Cory asked.
“No,” Brad stated. “Why did you kill them?”
Cory looked at him for a few moments then another devious look came over her. If she couldn’t make him angry, she’d try something else. Something her big brother would never refuse.
“I see how you look at me when you think I’m not paying attention,” Cory said.
She released her seat belt and nimbly moved so that she was closer to Brad.
“I do not,” Brad said nervously.
“Why do you think I leave my door open when I change? Why the bathroom door is never locked when I shower?”
“I walked in on you once,” Brad objected. “I didn’t know you were taking a shower.”
“You didn’t leave very quickly. You took your time, memorizing every curve…didn’t you? You think I dropped the towel by accident? Why did you leave?”
“Because…because you’re my sister,” Brad stated weakly.
“I don’t mind. I enjoyed it,” Cory stated, and her grin became more seductive.
“You did?” Brad asked.
“I did. Help me, and you could watch me every day. Help me disappear, and you can have so much more. I’m not going to end up in jail.” 
“But you’re my sister,” Brad objected and turned his head.
“Call me a different name. You can call me anything. I don’t mind. As long as you help me, I’ll be your girlfriend…forever.”
“Forever?” Brad asked.
“Forever,” she reiterated. “You can pretend that I’m anyone. I’ll play along. I’ll dress up. Whatever you need, brother. Just help me disappear.”
“Forever,” Brad agreed.
“One more thing. If I’m going to be your girlfriend, you will need to do one more thing for me,” she said, and her flirtatious grin vanished. It was replaced with a look of pure evil. But Brad could see nothing but the sweet sister he loved and desired.
“What do you want me to do?” Brad asked.
The thoughts about his sister sickened him, but if he pretended that she was someone else. Wouldn’t that be ok?
“I really enjoyed killing Mom and Dad. I will need you to lure young women in and let me have fun with them. Mom was so much more enjoyable than Dad. The things I felt when she screamed.” Cory’s hand slid between her thighs. “Indescribable things.” She paused once more and looked at Brad’s lap. “I will be oh so appreciative.”
“Anything you need, Kelly. Anything at all.”
“Kelly…I like that name,” she mused and started to help free him from the car. Then she paused, with a deviously seductive smile, she leaned in. “I think Kelly has auburn hair. What do you think?”

Chapter 19
“Did it happen again?” Cory asked, still sitting on Brad’s lap.
The auburn wig didn’t fool Brad any longer. He knew what he had done, and he knew what he had to do to remedy it. He had been so stupid. So scared. So weak.
“Yes,” he replied with conviction. “And I know the truth. I know Kelly isn’t real.”
“Brad, wait,” she pleaded.
He tore off her wig and tossed it across the room.
“You promised,” she begged.
Brad stood, pushing her off of his lap, then clasped his hands on her arms tightly and forced her to stand beside him.
“You promised,” she begged once more.
“I was afraid,” Brad stated sadly.
Cory cowered. She had no weapons, and he was far stronger than she was. There was no way she could overpower him. She shook with fear as she waited for him to decide what to do with her.
Then Brad’s hands slid up her shoulders to her throat.
“Please, Brad,” she begged, his hands circling her neck. “You promised me forever.”
There would be no escape. He could easily crush her throat, and she could do nothing to stop him. She was shaking like a leaf, powerless and weak. Her brother towered over her, almost like a giant.
“I’m not afraid anymore, Cory,” he said, and his hands moved under her ears as he kissed her deeply. Then he lifted his head and smiled down at her. “For the first time, I believe it when I promise you forever.”

Chapter 20
A year later, Brad unlocked the door to an apartment hundreds of miles away from Chanton. The giggling blonde beside him wore a peach v-neck blouse and a short skirt. She leaned on Brad as the door opened.
Brad ushered her inside while the woman tripped over her own feet.
“Guess I should have stopped at two,” she said and giggled some more.
“And this is Cory,” Brad said, motioning toward his sister, who wore a satin robe.
“Hey, I know you. You’re in class with me on Mondays,” the girl said and tripped her way over to Cory.
“Oh, yeah. When Brad said he’d met a girl named Crystal who went to college here, I guess I just didn’t put it together,” Cory said.
“What’s the plastic for?” Crystal asked as she nearly tripped over the plastic that was covering the living room carpet.
Cory motioned to the small stand with a bottle of oil on it.
“For the oil. I don’t want to ruin the carpets,” Cory said.
Then Cory undid the tie on her robe and let it fall to the ground.
“Wow!” Crystal exclaimed. “You’re beautiful.”
Her eyes washed over the supple curves of Cory’s naked body while Brad’s did the same.
Crystal then turned her head to look at Brad. Spinning her head around almost made her fall again.
“You sure this isn’t weird? It’s your sister,” Crystal asked.
“It’s fine,” Brad said, then pulled off his shirt. “Cory and I share everything.”
Crystal turned back toward Cory with a grin as Cory closed the gap between them and started kissing Crystal on the neck.
Crystal moaned while her hands explored Cory’s body. Then she started removing her shirt, and Cory was quick to help her.
“It’s college. We’re supposed to experiment, right?” Crystal asked rhetorically.
Brad walked up behind Crystal slowly, and with his right hand, he helped Cory remove the rest of Crystal’s clothing. While helping Cory, his left hand fished a six-inch hunting knife from its sheath.
“Don’t worry,” Brad comforted. “This will be an experience none of us will ever forget.”

Epilogue
What would happen if someone who was already insane suffered brain damage? Would they go sane? Would a person without a conscience and morals suddenly become an upstanding, law-abiding citizen?
If their brain was then repaired, would they go back to the unconscionable monster that they were before? Would a psychopath remember what it was like to care about others? Or would they become more of a monster, now comprehending the fear that their victims experienced?
Perhaps Brad’s story will keep you up at night thinking about these questions. But they won’t be keeping Brad awake.
He now sleeps like a baby, having rid himself of the last spec of morality that kept him from truly being with Cory…forever.



If you enjoy my work, please leave me a review. Indie authors, like myself, need reviews to keep doing what we do. I appreciate the feedback and enjoy hearing from my readers, whether it be compliments, suggestions, or criticisms.
Want to know when my new books are coming out? Sign up for my mailing list to receive a head’s up when my books will go live.
I'm looking for a few reviewers.
Interested in receiving free books for an honest review with no commitment? You will receive copies of my new books for free but only review the ones you want to review. If this sounds like something you would be interested in, sign up for my mailing list and enter REVIEW as your name.
You can also check me out on Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/StevenSterupJrAuthor/ or on my website at www.StevenSterupJr.com.

MOUS Investigations Series
Cassy Mousman and Zach Nielson each grew up with their adoptive parents, knowing nothing about each other nor why, as adults, they are inexplicably linked. The murder of Cassy’s father causes her to trick Zach into becoming her unwitting partner in her search to find out what they really are. She knows they are not human, but nothing in her father’s books can explain her unusual abilities nor why countless orphans were deposited on human doorsteps the same day she was.
Perhaps with Zach’s help, she can finally discover what they really are and why everything seems to revolve around the unassuming accountant, Zach. In the meantime, all she can do is help the supernaturals like her father had and piece together the clues to this puzzle.

    
  
Case of the Docile Dhampir Book 1
The Ghoul from Galveston Book 2
Deceptive Dragons and Duplicitous Sisters Book 3
A Wendigo in Wisconsin Book 4
Ogres in Oakland, Oh My! Book 5

The 21st Curse Collection
The 21st Curse is not a standard series, but rather a collection of stories about werewolves and witches.
The lives of witches and werewolves are entwined in an age old curse. The witches need the werewolves to protect them and the werewolves need witches to salvage their sanity.
A book handed down for generations spells out the terms of their contract in a way that none with the curse can deny.
At the twenty-first hour on the twenty-first day of the twenty-first year, a child will become a beast. Such is the legend that is handed down, mother to son and father to daughter. On that fateful day, a choice must be made. One of consequence and importance. For on that day, a child who has transformed must choose between the evil of the curse and the responsibility of protecting their chosen. For no creature is as feared as the werewolf. A creature without conscience nor fear. It will feed on whoever is unlucky enough to cross its path or protect its charge until it ceases to draw breath.

  
The 21st Curse Book 1
The 21st Day Book 2


Asuune Series
Angels and vampires are real. In the world of the Asuune, half angel and half human, there is a secret war that has been going on for as long as man has walked the earth. Unbeknownst to Kathrine, her father is one of the war's soldiers, but what is even more surprising is that she is the war's only hope. Follow the life of Kathrine Albet and her father, Mark, as they fight the evil of fallen angels and vampires to save humanity. It would all be much easier if each Asuune didn't have one true love they couldn't ignore. Fighting the forces of evil may be hard, but resisting your true love is all but impossible.

  
Curse of the Asuune Book 1
Deception of the Asuune Book 2 (Conclusion)


Demonic Temptations
Samantha Lujuria is a therapist who specializes in disorders she calls Demonic Temptations. The desires that everyone harbors that are so distasteful or embarrassing that we can't even admit them to ourselves. Follow her as she tries to use her expertise to help half-demon offspring. Because for a demon, love is the biggest taboo of them all.
Set in the world of the Asuune several years after the events of Deception of the Asuune. Join Samantha as she gets help from many of your favorite characters from the Asuune series in her quest to keep half-demon offspring from destroying their lives as well as the people around them.


Demonic Temptations - Incubus Tormented Book 1

Lascaria Series
In the world of Lascaria, the evil king Lascar rules his kingdom through fear and intimidation. His magic is without equal. The worst part is that he grows stronger every year. No one can stand up to a man that is over 1,000 years old until his grandson Dhrel is born. Explore the world of Lascaria alongside Dhrel as he works to become the man everyone thinks he is.

    
  

Lascaria - Evil Reborn Book 1
Lascaria – Sins of the Ancestors Book 2
Lascaria – The Prisoner Queen Book 3
Lascaria – The Legend of Lascar Book 4
Lascaria – The Shadow King Book 5 (Conclusion)

Morven’s Legacy
Evil demons are trying to make their way into the world, and only the descendants of Morven have a chance at stopping them.
Christopher Morven is over three hundred years old and tired of fighting to keep the demons at bay. The magic that kept him alive has taken its toll, but finally, after all these years, he sees hope in his two granddaughters. They aren't ready, but they are very powerful. If anyone can bring this to an end, it will be them. They can succeed where he has failed, but they will need help.

  
The Fire Maiden’s Desire
To Seduce a Sorceress

Raven
Fawn, although most people know her by her code name Raven, is one of the best assassins in the world. When she takes on a very lucrative job to kidnap, then kill the prince, she realizes that the bumbling fool isn’t the cruel womanizer she’s been led to believe. She thought assassins were deceptive, nobles and Royals are worse. Can she find her way through this web of lies before it is too late? Despite his roguish charm and possible innocence, she has a job to do, and Raven always kills her mark.

  

Raven’s Embrace Book 1
Raven’s Gamble Book 2 (Conclusion)

The Order of Human Purity
The books in this category are not intended as a series. They are grouped together because they all happen within the same universe where The Order of Human Purity (known simply as 'The Order') is trying to rid the world of monsters.
They are written with the intention of making them similar but completely separate stories. There are no cliffhangers or continuations. The only things these books have in common are the world they take place in, The Order and the mischievous, immortal wraith Miraven who is neither good nor evil. She is simply bored of her immortal life and to spice things up she likes to toy with the lives of others, or so she would have everyone believe.

  
Kiss of the Lamia Book 1
Werewolf Bane Book 2


The Alpha Predator

When Adam Lance witnesses the attempted murder of a man, he becomes the only known witness to a serial killer who has gone unchecked for nearly five years. Special Detective Cheryl Torren soon realizes that Adam might be the one person who can help her catch the killer. With Adam's help, Cheryl finds out that the person they are hunting isn't a serial killer after all. The killer is a vigilante who only targets predators and soon gains the nickname 'The Alpha Predator'. Despite Adam's reluctance to catch this killer, it's still their job, and with his help, Cheryl might finally put an end to the killing spree, that is, if the killer doesn't find them first.


Auctor – Vengeful Intent

Disclaimer: This book contains a considerable amount of violence and dark emotions.
When Kaya Nichols' step-sister turns up dead, the apparent victim of a mugging, Kaya leaves behind her job as a foreign journalist to find out what really happened to her step-sister. At least that is the job everyone thinks she has. In reality, she is a fixer for a variety of powerful European mobs.
The men who killed her step-sister, Trish, think they've handled the problem until Kaya arrives back in the United States for her sister's funeral. Kaya isn't willing to let a single man responsible for her step-sister's death escape justice, even if it kills her in the process. She is a woman who has lost everything, so nothing matters other than revenge.
Explore the nightmare that has become Kaya's life as she tries to work through her anger and grief. And, as if, Trish's death wasn't enough. The man who ruined her life, her step-sister's husband, is a constant reminder of what she has lost and the secret she dares not tell anyone.


Immortal Consequences

When Kal Johnson, an immortal gargoyle, is attacked by an ancient vampire and framed for the murder of a human, his quiet life is thrown into chaos. But the universe, with its perverse sense of humor, has decided that now would be the perfect time for the punch line. Kal’s human wife, Brianna, has done the impossible. She is the first human in history to become pregnant with a gargoyle’s child.
This vampire is stronger and more cunning than any he has fought. The wife he adores and the child he never hoped for, give Kal something he has never had before, a weakness. Can Kal stop this ancient vampire before it takes everyone he loves? Taking his wife and child might accomplish what no vampire has ever been able to do. It might be enough to defeat the immortal Kal.





