



The following work is a work of fiction. All characters, names, places and incidents are either a product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously.
Any resemblance to any actual persons, living or dead, events or locales is entirely coincidental.

ISBN  
Copyright 2015

All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the prior written permission of the author.

Photography and Jacket design are original works of author.




First Edition 












ABBE ALEXANDER








 PRESIDENT BY ATTRITION






















“Just because something has never happened, doesn’t mean it can’t.”

                                   Anonymous
















                     




CHAPTER 1



Alysia Weir had issued her edict.  That was her usual way of handling the first female president of the United States.  She had insisted that the president take her husband on a second honeymoon of at least two days to visit some exotic destination preferably on the Mediterranean.  The two of them had been under too much strain and conflict over the past two years to even remain civil to one another.  They needed some quality time together.  Alysia wasn’t prepared for the eventual outcome of her decree and neither was the rest of the world.

Alysia had been the presidential adviser to Aaron Keeling, the former president.  When Aaron completed his two-term limit as president he became vice president by party proclamation and ‘in-house’ adviser to his wife, Nicole Keeling, the duly elected President of the United States of America.  Nicole had held the office of President for the past two years.  

How this all came about is a matter of history but a current chain of events was becoming even more challenging to the imagination.  Alysia had helped plan all of the succession strategy in what had turned into one of the greatest feats of American political science.  Nicole Keeling, Aaron’s wife and his constant companion, had pulled off a political coup, unknown in the history of America.  Admittedly, this legal maneuvering was easier for them, due to her law degree from Boalt Hall and his from Stanford Law  - two exceptional schools of jurisprudence.

Alysia wasn’t dumb.  Fool me once…  She had lost her own husband some years earlier due to the stress of her own political career.  One day he just packed his bags, walked out the door and never came back.  She wasn’t about to see the same thing happen to these two.  They were her responsibility now and she was going to make certain no one ever tried to stray from the narrow path she had so skillfully blazed.  Her political future was assured.  Maybe even Secretary of State, eventually.  Who knows?  In these times, anything was possible.  The United States was ready for this kind of change whether the people knew it or not.

Her office was indeed small, having been created as a makeshift addition to the other offices that adjoined the Oval Office.  It was devoid of some of the amenities associated with a position that demanded deference.  It was still early in the morning but Alysia’s plans had to be made swiftly.  She had to have the two lovebirds, for want of a better term, out of the country before October 15th, so that Nicole could be back home, in time for the mid-term elections, on November 3rd.

Alysia Weir’s appearance was nondescript.  So much so that she was continually being mistaken for someone else she had never heard of.  These misidentifications seemed to take place everywhere in the country, both north and south.  She could have worked a little harder at defining herself appearance-wise, but she wore almost no makeup aside from a little foundation, had her hair cut short and almost only wore pantsuits, which had been out of style for thirty years.  She was a dirty blond with blue-gray eyes.  A petite woman with a pear-shaped figure, which she attempted to compensate for by her almost military posture, which she felt made her appear more imposing. 

Alysia had worked countless long years to get where she was.  Her journey down the road to the national political arena had begun in law school like her colleagues.  A good legal education prepared students to be ready for the challenges they would meet as attorneys or politicians.  She had always been a hard worker.  She was shrewd, knowledgeable, and constantly on the lookout for an opportunity to advance her position for whatever cause she chose or any game she played.

She wasn’t rich enough, pretty enough, or connected enough to attend Harvard, the contemporary school of choice for any good political wannabe. Instead she considered herself fortunate to have graduated from Yale, a school that, in some minds, was a close second.  She did, however, graduate first in her class and became Student Body President.  This gave her status and control over her peers.  Once endowed with this level of credibility, she kept building on her accomplishments, never looking back.  As a graduate from Yale, her acceptance to its law school was assured.

When she arrived in DC, Alysia proved to be an excellent intern, having received her first appointment during her last year of law school.  It was to a nondescript junior congressman from Wyoming who knew almost as little about government as she did.  They were well matched in age and intelligence, but Tom Hardy was just an easygoing kind of guy who simply did what she told him to do.  She spent all of her spare time at the most popular watering holes in Washington, seeking out other more savvy interns and spent many long hours picking through their boasts and tall stories. Consequently, she developed a good frame of reference for the work and decision-making she had been thrust into by her avaricious appetite for political advancement.  She never let an advantageous introduction or contact pass her by.

All of Alysia’s hard work paid off when she had finally gained enough clout with the party to be invited into the inner circle, which led to her becoming a Presidential Assistant.  Even though she had never been elected to of political office, she still had almost as much influence on the decisions that were made in the Oval Office as the president himself.  Sometimes more.

Today she had to get back to work to finalize the details for this important escape for Nicole and Aaron.  Alysia picked up her phone but stopped suddenly, realizing Rachael Gehis, her intern, had second-guessed her yet again.

“I brought you an Ice Cap and a pack of cigarettes, Ms. Weir.”  Rachael paused and took a deep breath.  “Don’t worry.  I brought the cigarettes with me from home so no one here saw me buy them.”

She put them down on Alysia’s desk then stood back and smiled smugly at Alysia who had been watching her with a stern expression.

“OK, that’s enough,” Alysia announced.  “Let’s get to the important business of the day here.  Oh yes, and by the way, thank you.  Now, do you have the travel plans ready for the president and vice president because I want them on that plane no later than tomorrow?”

“As a matter of fact, I do, yes.”

“And is it all cleared with the Secret Service?”

“Yes, it is. I talked to Justin Bradley myself just this morning and he says we’re good to go.”

“Good.  That’s very good.”

Alysia slumped down in her chair with her coffee and breathed a sigh of relief.  All would be well now.  The plans were made, and very soon her two favorite people would be flying to Athens to begin their tour of the Mediterranean.  No work, no politics, no meetings.  Just the two of them together to create a new outlook, which would have to sustain them for yet another battle in the war of political domination.  This was her forte.

“What else do you have to do today?” Alysia asked.

“Not very much.”

“Good.  You stay around here and keep an eye on things for me.  I need to talk to XPOTUS to relay the information to Nicole.  Is this their itinerary?” she asked as she picked up the paperwork from her desk.

“Yes, it’s in there, along with some other matters we discussed yesterday.”

“ Oh good. Is Bradley’s prelim security report in there?”

“Yes.”

“Then we’re good to go.”

“I believe so, yes.”

As Alysia left her office looking for the president, a strange feeling of foreboding swept over her and she almost stopped in the middle of the hall.  There was nothing that had happened to rouse this kind of sensation so she continued to make her way along the familiar corridor to the receptionist of the president’s office who casually waved her in.

“Good morning, Ms. President,” she said as she opened the door to face Nicole.

“Morning, Alysia, and yes, I am all ready to go.  As a matter of fact, I even made sure Aaron was packed and ready as well. All I need now is the itinerary for our trip.”

“Perfect, because here it is and that makes the two of you ready to leave at oh-four-hundred hours, tomorrow.”

“And where is this lucky couple going tomorrow?” Nicole asked sarcastically.  She really didn’t want to go on this junket and was letting Alysia know it in the only manner she knew.

“To Kalandra, on the Island of Crete.”

“A lover’s paradise no doubt?”  Nicole rolled her eyes to add emphasis.

“Absolutely, Ms. President.”

“You know you always say that?”

“Yes, I know.”

Alysia smiled courteously and left the office promptly.  Playing marriage counselor wasn’t the only task she performed on behalf of the presidential family but she did do it well.  There were lots of rows in the marital history of these two and she had successfully mediated many of them.   As she stepped back out of the office she took a deep breath.  She had averted yet another crisis.  Just another day of managing the foils and snares of this Oval Office.



  
          

 


      








CHAPTER 2


Aaron Keeling had been better looking than the average boy in his high school, and was smarter.  He probably would have done very well selling cars or real estate.  He stood a full six feet, which didn’t exactly make him a potential basketball player, but he was still tall enough for a lot of girls to find attractive.  He had a definite anvil physique and blond hair many girls would die for.  Always well dressed in his professionally laundered dress shirts, pleated slacks and bomber jacket, Aaron looked like he was ready to do business with anyone at the first suggestion.  He was a good student but not a conscientious one. He drank his share of beer and “toked up” with the guys as long as he didn’t have to buy the weed itself.  He was always very cautious about who would take the blame even then, although he didn’t mind sharing the dope with his friends as long as his accomplices took full credit for its ownership.  He used to hang out, right after home room was dismissed, about six blocks from the high school in the wooded park where the boys would meet the girls on the pretense of feeding the ducks and geese that gathered on its shore.  This was where all his schemes were aired and all plans hatched.

He was far more interested in having a good time than anything anyone had to say or what any teacher tried to teach him.  He was never disruptive.  Not much of a smart-ass. He was just never enthusiastic, prepared, or even interested.  Nor did he read his assignments.  However he did read constantly, just only what he wanted to read.  After all, he had a good buddy, Nicholas Cameron, who was generous and kind and always prepared.  The class geek and a friendless kind of person, he turned out to be the perfect companion and supplier for Aaron.  Computers made this arrangement even easier and the utility of floppy disks completed the process perfectly. 

Aaron hadn’t met Nicholas by accident.  Aaron had Nicholas in his sights for many weeks at the beginning of high school.  He didn’t just walk up and introduce himself to Nicholas though.  He sat back and waited for just the right moment and then took advantage of the opportunity as it presented itself. 

Nicholas was a pleasant-looking fellow.  A little on the portly side for a young man, his physique clearly did not speak of involvement in school athletics.  He wore the same pair of track pants accompanied by a well-used T-shirt he covered over with an equally drab gray hoodie each day of the week. 

He came from a family where no one was particularly well educated.  Being the oldest of six children he was used to doing the bidding of his mother who was intimidated by his father who was clearly drunk by the time he crawled into bed every night long after the rest of the house was asleep.  His father was a hard worker, but worked in construction as an itinerant house painter.  He had his own business and made fairly good money, primarily because he worked so many hours and did the work of three men every day. 

Aaron carefully analyzed Nicholas and viewed his academic talent coupled with his gullibility as two qualities that would combine to make him a perfect complement to his high school program.  Aaron never really had any friends and neither did Nicholas. The relationship became a quid pro quo for the two of them. Nicholas trying harder than he needed, and Aaron taking total advantage of the situation.
 
One day Aaron noticed a dust-up on the school grounds and immediately realized that the class bully was confronting Nicholas.  Instead of offering to fight this guy on Nicholas’s behalf, he walked straight over to the fight and threatened this kid with terrible repercussions from this kid’s father whom Aaron didn’t even know.  To everyone’s shock and amazement the guy backed off and from that moment on Nicholas was Aaron’s devoted lackey.  Nicholas shared all of his homework, papers and completed projects with Aaron.  When there was a problem with their submissions being too much alike, Nicholas simply wrote another paper on behalf of his friend. 

So, despite dozens of cut classes, carboys of home-brewed beer that Aaron’s parents closed their eyes to, the odd joint and a couple of girls more willing than the rest, Aaron made it to a successful graduation.  He even managed to secure the title of Valedictorian in spite of the fact that Nicholas actually wrote his speech.  This is how it all began and carried on with someone else writing every speech Aaron ever gave.  This was perfectly fine with him.  He had more challenging and better things to do with his time.

Meanwhile his father, Michael Keeling, had very high hopes for his son and was mesmerized by his outgoing personality and mercurial nature.  Michael had been an insurance salesman all his life pandering his fare, first from door to door and in later years from one phone number to the next until the advent of the computer.  This may have changed some aspects of marketing slightly, but made no significant difference at the end of the month to the tally sheets which were still a dim reflection of the grunt work diligently performed by him.

Mr. Keeling had higher hopes for something better for himself.  Not that there was anything wrong with selling insurance to keep body and soul together.  That trade had brought him in a reasonable return for his efforts.  A gracious home in a gated community and mid-range company car, fully loaded of course.  His pretty wife managed to stay with him through the years and provided enough palatable food and drink to keep the average man satisfied and happy.

Michael had made a lot of friends and was networked into the insurance business.  So well networked that he had the capacity to call in favors from every avenue of commerce via his well-trod path among the good old boys.  This included his son being admitted to freshman status at Stanford.  Michael remembered his own father and the days he would come home from the hardware store with one or two little gadgets the owner had given him to try out on their poor little house in order to help him sell more of the store’s stock.  That was a far cry from having some kind of powerful influence in the community.  Now he could be a proud father and someday acquire some of the largess, which Aaron would undoubtedly accumulate. That could serve as a cushion and a comfortable retirement for Michael and Aaron’s mother, Lydia.

The afternoon was overcast and the marine layer imported a chill from the ocean that drove the birds remaining on the beach further inland for food and shelter.  Halloween was two days away and the reality of autumn was being keenly felt.  The leaves on the maple trees were a faint yellow with a few red leaves interspersed almost in a halfhearted effort to display the colors of fall in the climate of central California where no definite seasons really occurred.  The Stanford campus was a beautiful one where Aaron had suffered the slings and arrows for a degree in economics.  He achieved a fairly decent score on the LSAT and, with a little more help and some hard cash in the form of a donation from dear old dad, he’d managed to make his way into the UC law school.  Aaron was amused that the law school campus had, believe it or not, a duck pond because it reminded him of his high school days when he and Nicholas would meet there to entertain the girls and hatch whatever game plan was appropriate according to the Art of War rules whose protocol they followed to the letter.

It was also comforting and quite convenient that Nicholas had managed to gain entrance to Stanford Law School as well, since Nicholas didn’t have the pecuniary advantages of a well-connected father to grease the skids of the administration for him.  Both boys had the brains, but Nicholas had the tenacity and discipline, which generated the grades that had serviced both of them over the years.  Aaron was late as usual for his afternoon meeting with Nicholas but immediately spotted him standing close to the shore where the bull rushes began on dry land and grew relentlessly into the open water. The ducks swam away from the shore as Aaron walked up the path.  Nicholas, who had been waiting for him at the lake for a while now, displayed some mild frustration by tossing his handful of breadcrumbs at the departing birds.

“Where is my brief, you jerk?” Aaron asked as he kicked some of the loose dirt at the edge of the lake into the water behind the breadcrumbs and fleeing ducks.

“I told you I would have it for you tonight. Here it is!” Nicholas said as he stuck his fist deep in the pocket of his backpack and pulled out a floppy disc.

“That’s not the same disc I gave you two days ago, you moron.  Do you think I’m going to fall for that ‘switch the disc’ game?  Do you really think I’m that stupid?”

“Look, you can take it home and check it for yourself.  As a matter of fact if you have your Think Pad in that backpack, you can even check it right here.  That is if you remembered to charge your computer.”

“This is a great piece of equipment my father bought me and I dare you to say you have anything better or that anyone else in our class has anything better.”

“IBM makes a great product, and yes, I’ve bailed your ass out again and you should thank me for it.”

“If I thanked you for it you wouldn’t suffer any more and our friendship would be at an end.”

“I guess you’re probably right,” Nicholas said as he broke into a broad grin and they both laughed as Aaron stuffed the disc into his backpack.

“You know I have to take the Bar exam in six months.  If I don’t the old man will probably put out a contract on me.”

“So do I,” Nicholas announced.

“Yeah, but you study.”

“Yeah, I know.  It has its advantages you know.  You might want to try it sometime.”

As Aaron walked back to the dorm Nicholas jumped on his bicycle and peddled away, determined to travel the twelve miles necessary to get home in time for a warm meal with his family.  He wondered how he and Aaron could be so different and yet so much the same. He settled on the obvious conclusion that only time would tell.












CHAPTER 3


Mathew Sidney Perry worked very hard at being speaker of the House of Representatives.  He attained that position during Aaron’s second year as President of the United States.  He took his summer break every year with the rest of his fellow congressmen and right after Labor Day he returned to Washington, DC.  This year, however, instead of enjoying his usual work routine when he arrived back, he was met by a crisis of huge proportions. A venomous situation had arisen in his absence to become a tremendous danger to the country and Mathew Perry remained the one man who could set the United States government back on track.

Despite being a roaring success as a congressman, he was from a politically fickle state.  This often proved to be a huge challenge when each election time could bring any candidate up short for the tally of votes necessary to retain his seat.  This meant that almost every second spent away from The Hill at any time of the year needed to be dedicated to campaigning with a vengeance.  This left Mathew worn out and lacking the energy needed to deal with situations like this.

On this particular Monday morning, as he sauntered along the blue carpeted hallway he took in the Chippendale chairs and hall tables, looking at the familiar paintings of past Speakers asking himself if it was really all worth it.  He wondered what he would look like when he left office.  His hair was completely gray now.  This was a nice look, he felt, along with his physique, which had held up better than the average congressman considering he’d suffered a minor CVA fifteen years earlier.  It was at that point that the congressional doctor had put him on a strict regimen of diet and exercise.  As his cardiologist had told him, everybody goes on the “C” diet when they have a heart attack.  Not entirely true, but absolutely true for Speaker Perry.

In spite of these health problems, he still walked briskly and stood tall at six-foot-two.  His shoulders were strong and firm and he could still manage a 36-waistline in his size 46L Cassini wool suit.  His blue eyes still held a fire-and-ice gaze whenever he heard a lie.  While he was not entirely loved, he remained well respected by all.  Any lack of good will toward him didn’t bother him much because he had always been a man of principle and integrity, firmly believing that you couldn’t have it all.  He settled for respect.

When he had first arrived on the hill, almost thirty years ago now, it was to a tiny office in a basement corridor.  The small room he was assigned was probably designed to hold mops and brooms in its day.  He had great ambition and came from a family rich in political history.  His father had been a congressman from Maine and later was duly elected to the United States Senate where he remained until he died some thirty-two years later.  Mathew’s mother died shortly thereafter and now he was on his own with the exception of one sister who had no involvement or interest in politics of any kind.  

The old building seemed like a home to him after all the years of dedication and separation from his family - sequestered behind its walls like a monk in a monastery.  He had always worked diligently every day and on into the night to solve the problems of the nation that took little or no notice of his own wants and needs.  His wife was back at home in Montana, happily keeping house, visiting her friends and taking care of her father who was still suffering the wounds, physical and mental, from his enlistment in the Korean war.  No children left, since the crowded nest had emptied many years ago.  Only hard work fraught with slings and arrows remained to drive him to a fate much the same as his father’s.

One consolation that he appreciated very much was his ever-faithful secretary Heather Osborn, who made his public life and the responsibility it heaped on him possible.   Heather had never married and seemed much more interested in the intricacies of her job than any social life.  She never missed a single detail and worked faster than he ever wanted to admit to anyone lest she be wooed away by a larger salary or a more interesting position. 

Heather had been quietly following him along the corridor that morning.  It was just like her to say nothing until they had almost reached his office.  She somehow sensed his mood and out of consideration for his privacy remained silent till now.

“Mr. Perry,” Heather’s voice called out from behind him.  “You’re early.  I see you don’t have any coffee yet.  Would you like me to get you some as soon as we are safely in the office?” 

She smiled.  She had such a warm and appealing smile.  The sun had risen in the sky and chased the October gray away for a few seconds.

“That would be very nice of you, Heather.  This being my first day back and all.”

“It’s only 6:30 now and that should leave you some time to look over the paperwork that has kind of piled up while you were gone.  I took care of everything I could in just the way you would have me do, but of course there were certain items I had to leave for your eyes only, so to speak.”  She smiled again.

“I understand.  Believe it or not I actually got some sleep last night so I think I should be able to clear the desk by lunch or at the worst by the end of the day.”

“All things being equal of course?”

“All things being equal.  Agreed.”  Mathew smiled broadly.

As he unlocked the door he could see the message light flashing on the phone at the reception desk.

“Better check that Heather.  I wonder how long that’s been on.  It’s so early, it may be something fairly important.”

“Yes, I’ll check.”

Heather grabbed the phone and a pen and quickly retrieved the message.  

“What is it?”

“It’s from your friend, Niles Cunningham, that nice young congressman from Florida.  Says it’s urgent and that he must talk to you immediately.  He left his cell number and says the sooner you call him the better.”

“Let me have that,” he said as he reached for the message in her hand.  His heart raced and he knew something extremely important must have happened for Niles to send this type of message, especially since they had just arrived back from summer break, especially this early in the morning.  He recognized the number, which was not in his Rolodex, but dialed it as quickly, expecting it to be answered on the first ring.  

“Niles, this is Matt returning your call.”

“Good, I really need to talk to you.  Greg and I have some disarming news, which is very private.  We have to meet with you as soon as possible today.  Alone.”

“What do you mean, alone?”

“Not in your office.”

“How about lunch?”

“Fine, but not in the Member’s Dining Room either.  It will have to be somewhere out of the building.”

“All right, you set the time and place.”

“Very good.  Let’s meet at the Lennox Pub, not far from the capitol.  It’s a small place, a little out of the way, but not many people from the hill hang around it.”

“Good.  What time?”

“One-thirty.  Is that all right?  Most of the people here are on their way back to work by then so that’ll give us some privacy we wouldn’t have otherwise.”

“Sounds fine to me.”

“I’ll get in touch with Greg and tee things up. See you then.”

“Excellent.”

Mathew hung up quickly for fear of alerting Heather who was busying herself with the creation of a perfect cup of coffee and giving little heed to what Mathew had to say.  She never commented on his words or pried into his business like many of the secretaries did who were there more for the glory of opportunity than for devotion, to the task at hand.

As Heather put Mathew’s coffee down on his very cluttered and disorganized desk, he took another deep breath. 

“I guess I have to have this all done by one o’clock at the latest because Niles and Greg are taking me to a welcome back lunch and I have to be there at one-thirty.”

“Here in the building?”

“No some little place I never heard of that they think is very special.”  He smiled.

“Well, I’ll leave you to get at it then.”

As she left the room and closed the door gently behind her he realized how nice it was to come back.  It was especially nice to have a secretary like Heather.  She was over forty now and still retained a schoolgirl manner and complexion.  She was punctual, impeccably dressed, and she was a lady in every sense of the word.  She would have been criticized by many of the political pack of wolves that denounced the religious right if they had known the facts about her.  She was smarter than that and kept quietly to herself.  Sometimes he even wondered if there were things she didn’t tell him.  They had been together so long this didn’t seem to matter any more.  She had the security clearance requisite to her position and, after all this time, that was what mattered.

He didn’t even think about her past any more.  He knew that she was an orphan and that her parents had died in a terrible fire that engulfed their farmhouse in Ohio when she was just two.  Her mother’s sister had lived close by and had taken her in with four children of her own and raised her in a Christian school.  She never had quite the polish of the east coast finishing school girls, but met all other requirements perfectly.  She also never had the venal ambition that many of those other girls exhibited either and Mathew was relieved about that more than anything else.  He had a very good assistant who made all his work much easier in many ways.

















CHAPTER 4


Edward Dillon was the best driver in DC, as far as Mathew Perry was concerned.  Not young by any means, he could still squeeze a limo between the raindrops when he needed to.  This was one of those days.  Everyone was just back from summer break and people were darting, seemingly without purpose, in every direction at once.  The sun was up with full force now and the tinted glass and air conditioning proved to be a welcome combination in this confusion of frenetic traffic.

Ed maneuvered the black Lincoln limo quickly out of the metro traffic and headed off to the seclusion of the small pub on the east side of DC. The pub was easy to find just because Ed could find anything. This had been true long before super cars came on the scene, those loaded with every conceivable electronic device including sophisticated GPS programs.  He pulled the limo up to the curb in front of the Lennox exactly on time. The quaint, British-style pub was sequestered between a large stand of oak and chestnut on the bank of the Potomac.  The smell of roasting meats mingled with the warm humid air and made this time of year all the more invigorating to Mathew.  

Matthew had been going over his latest speech in his mind during the journey and had almost settled on his opening statements for the House in preparation for the fall mid- terms.  He was full of enthusiasm in spite of the constant bombardment of bad news in the Middle East and the recent influx of terrorist groups, and their cells, that threatened the security and integrity of the United States.  In spite of what anyone said about his country, he was a patriot down to his white shirt and red tie, which had become his trademark over the years.

This year was going to be different.  His party already controlled the House and the Senate.  He had been organizing all the party members he could, trying to put aside their differences to concentrate on what was best for the country.  This was not easy since every politician had his own agenda.  For years now he had nurtured a brand of politics that encouraged real statesmen and discouraged the fly-by-night opportunists that give all of politics an odor, which quickly develops into a stench when matters get out of hand.  

He had several members in the caucus now whom he knew could be enlisted and counted on for their loyalty and good sense; men who were not self-centered first, and congressional second.  This was the best balance he had seen in the House since he had been a fledgling congressman, some thirty years earlier.

Ed opened the curbside door and Mathew stepped out onto the sidewalk and immediately saw Niles standing there with a look of concern on his face.  He certainly didn’t look his usual, pleasant self.  Not that he looked unpleasant, just worried.  Niles was ten years younger than he and quite a bit shorter in stature.  He was blond with brown eyes, an unusual combination, in itself.  He was dressed impeccably in a navy blue blazer and gray slacks. He stepped back diffidently after shaking hands, to introduce his companion.

“Mathew, you remember our new Congressman from Texas, Greg Topping.  He was new last term.  But he and I have become good friends quite quickly as he’s interested in all the matters that concern us so much.”

“Nice to see you again, Greg.  Is our table ready, Niles?”

“Yes.”

“Good. Let’s get in off the street where we can get seated to get down to the business of the day.”

“Absolutely,” Niles said and quickly reached for and held the door for Mathew and Greg as the three gentlemen sought refuge from the intense sunlight in the safe haven of the pub.

Inside, the restaurant was so dark that it took Mathew a few seconds to properly recover his vision.  In addition to the minimal lighting, the walls were dark and half-covered with wainscoting stained in traditional black walnut.  Old British oil paintings interspersed with traditional English horse brasses and brass rubbings were set off by walls in murky hunter green making Mathew feel as though he had just landed at Heathrow and driven to Harrogate where he had often gone for briefings when he was in the Air Force, some forty years previous.

The tables were the only bright spots in the room, each draped in a stiff, white tablecloth, which accented the dark red Aubusson rugs, which were placed attractively around the floor.  A wooden coat rack was provided for coats and umbrellas, which certainly were superfluous on a day such as this.  As they sat down the waiter approached.  Mathew ordered his usual luncheon favorite, a pint of Guinness. Niles and Greg followed suit. 

“So, to what do I owe the honor, gentlemen?” Mathew enquired after a long swig of his cool, dark brew.

“I don’t want to be an alarmist, but there are some rumors circulating through the halls as we speak that are very disturbing to us, and to the Party, in particular.”  

Niles looked at Greg as if to secure his agreement before he continued to tell his news to Mathew.  

“It seems that Nicole Keeling may be nominated to succeed her husband as the new Party candidate.  I know this sounds hard to believe because of the standing feud that has existed between the two of them for at least five years.”

“Yes, ever since he criticized her for her outspoken stand on his foreign policy,” Mathew interjected.

“Exactly.  If she had any objections she should have cleared them with POTUS before she said anything to anyone else, much less the press.”

“It seems to me that whole fiasco went straight to talk radio and gave those damned hidebound conservative gossipmongers fodder for weeks of argument and dissent.”

Mathew didn’t know Greg, having only met him once before at a Washington party. These events never gave anyone much of an introduction to other politicians because they were mainly about social matters.  He was impressed that the man had some knowledge of something other than the mainstream media and paid attention to more than just the regular TV six o’clock news.

“So where did this leak come from?” Mathew asked.

“It comes from a member of the media of course; guy who gathers gossip about Washington for a living and is pretty damn good at it.  He’s been doing it for years but...”

“Wishes to remain anonymous?” Matthew interjected

“Not my choice, believe me,” Niles confessed.

“The problem is, if we don’t accept this man’s allegation, we won’t ever find out anything else. We can’t put ourselves in that position,” Greg added as he took another short swig of his beer and wiped off the bottom of the dripping glass on his cloth napkin.

“And you guys need him, am I right?”

The waiter brought their sandwiches and put them down in a precise and deliberate manner as he asked if there would be anything else, to which they demurred.

“You’ve been here before, I assume?”

“Oh yes.  Their club sandwich is the best around, far better than the Member’s Dining Room’s.”

“You guys amaze me.”  Mathew smiled.  “I guess I’ve just been around too long.  So listen, what objection do you have to Nicole’s candidacy?”

“Quite simply, she has no credentials,” Niles stated doggedly.

“Well, neither did Aaron when he took office.”

“I know, and look at the mess he’s made.”

“We’ve had him on the run for a while now, you know?” Mathew said and looked a little more serious as he tapped the handle of his fork on the tablecloth.  He looked across the pub and realized they were the only patrons.  The waiter had deserted the bar, leaving nothing but rows of beautiful gleaming glass and expensive bottles of the finest liquor and wines available.  He could see this would be one of his better opportunities to get some things off his chest and communicate some very important facts to this junior congressman.

“Now, first of all, you need to think about a few things here.  Specifically, she does have a law degree, which at least makes her, to some degree, educated for the position she wants to hold.  The American voters are screaming for a woman president and have been for years.  England has had one.  India and Israel, as well, and now, Germany.  We are one of the remaining countries that have not elected a woman and the world is probably sitting in judgment of us as we speak.”  Mathew leaned forward to make his point.  

“You just have to let this thing happen.  There’s nothing you can do to stop it anyway.  Our party could run a woman as well as a running mate and that would be the logical conclusion to this thing.  We either have to sit it out, biding our time, or find someone with some experience willing to take up the challenge. But American is ready for a woman and let there be no mistake about that, gentlemen.”

There was a disturbing stillness that enveloped the room once Mathew had spoken his well-chosen words of wisdom to his compatriots.  Each man sat motionless undoubtedly waiting for the other to break the existing silence created by Matthew’s speech. 

“I know you’re right…” Greg offered as he looked down at the carpet trying to think of something eloquent to contribute to the conversation and coming up with nothing.

“Of course he is!” Niles said enthusiastically.  “I’m glad we had this meeting.  I think I might know someone who would just fit the prototype we would need and I’ll pursue the matter immediately.  The last time we tried to run a woman it was a total failure because we need someone with a good reputation who speaks well and thinks well on her feet and I think I know just the woman.”

“Do you mind telling us?” Mathew inquired with a crooked grin.

“I have to keep something to myself, sir,” he answered like a well-disciplined soldier.

“Well, you just do that and let me know when the mission is accomplished.”

“Yes sir.” Niles returned Mathew’s reassuring smile.  

Both men knew how important these next two elections would be.  Both had been committed to rebuilding the Senate and supporting a new direction for the election of a new president with an eye to bettering both the social and financial climate of the country. 

They had their work cut out for them and they knew it.



















CHAPTER 5


Nicole Adamson didn’t have enough time to make herself beautiful, nor did she have any room on her calendar for spa visits or yoga sessions.  The world revolved around her up-and-coming graduation and her last appearance as an undergraduate.  She had written the LSAT, but still hadn’t received her score.  She had applied to Boalt Hall, but hadn’t had word from them, either.  This weekend would be hers, regardless.  She would receive her B.A. in business and be the belle of the ball waiting for her prince, who was sure to arrive.

She was a tall, willowy woman, built more like a model than any other student in her class.  Her long chestnut hair was perfectly cut and just cleared her shoulders.  She would stand at the mirror after a long shower and visualize herself in a black suit, white blouse and stiletto heels, walking into the court with a Italian leather briefcase, ready to take on the world.

Nicole had been shopping for three days now, but still hadn’t found The Dress.  The dress was, in her mind at least, the most important feature of the whole occasion and without it the entire affair would be total disaster.  Her mother was due to arrive for the fourth foray and Nicole still hadn’t had her shower.  Her hair was a mess and the manicurist would have to wait because all of the details that had yet to be addressed had left her totally out of time and composure.  

What was a girl to do? 

I need to get someone else to take on most of this, Nicole thought to herself as she turned on the shower and slid under the hot, streaming water.  She stood there taking in all the joy and comfort of the pounding water when she heard the doorbell. Her mother had arrived.  As she stepped out to grab a towel, she knew she had to prepare for her mother dressing her down just because, well, that was her mother, plain and simple.

“You’re not ready, are you?”  She heard her mother question from the front door of her apartment.

“You have a key.”  Nicole answered, determined not to be intimidated by the arrogant ways of her domineering parent.

“Can’t you ever be on time for anything?”

“I know, when I die I’ll keep everybody waiting at the funeral.”

Both women were now laughing and hugging in between Nicole trying to grab her slippers, wrap her wet hair in another towel while holding the other towel draped around her under her armpits.  

“I spoke with Alice last night and she said your cousin had a similar experience when she graduated.  Just couldn’t seem to find the right dress.  She gave me the names of a couple of more places, which I brought along.  The list’s in the car and you’ll have no problem finding them, knowing you and your proclivity for maneuvering around with your trusty GPS.”

“If Auntie Alice recommended any place where Melissa bought her dress I want no part of it.  I don’t know what that woman has for taste, but I’m sure it’s all in her mouth.

“Oh, Nicole!”

“Yes, I know, sometimes I can be so unkind.  This is going to be a very special day, Mother.  If I bought a dress based on Alice’s or, even worse, Melissa’s recommendation neither of them would ever let me forget it.”

“Or anyone else you know.  I suppose you’re right.  We need to just forge ahead and find what we can.”

“Yes, by ourselves.  We don’t need anybody to do our work for us.”

“Besides, it’s more fun that way,” Nicole’s mother said coyly.

“And we’ll get all the credit.” Nicole added, almost like a postscript.


Aaron Keeling never did anything by accident.  From the time he was a small child he planned and connived every move and countermove from monopoly to chess.  His memory functioned on an entirely eidetic basis and the pictures it saved to the hard drive of his cerebellum were vivid and accurate.  

Nicholas Cameron hadn’t been as lucky.  In spite of being intelligent he had plodded diligently and ceaselessly just to get an education. Once he’d been befriended by Aaron, that was it.  Nicholas was totally devoted for life.  Just the kind of friend a guy like Aaron Keeling needed to be available to him on a whim and at a moment’s notice.  The real truth was that Aaron Keeling couldn’t even have graduated had it not been for Nicholas and his continual help and the monitoring of all the academic processes that Aaron completed in his three years of law school.  Aaron attended class as the spirit moved him, reading only those cases that interested him and did no research.  This was assigned to his faithful law clerk, Nicholas.

Needless to say, Aaron Keeling becoming President of the United States was no accident either.  At the tender age of nine, he asked his mother who the man in the suit on the television was, to which she replied that it was the President.  Aaron sat quietly for a few minutes, seemingly absorbed in his grilled cheese sandwich and potato chips, then announced in a clear and decisive voice, “That’s what I’m gonna be when I grow up.”  All of the adults in the room laughed or smiled good-naturedly, showing how little they really knew of the boy.

So Keeling had it all planned from the beginning, like a well-rehearsed play.  All of the characters were deftly chosen, then molded and groomed.  Every situation was either avoided or exploited, depending on the weight of personal advantage versus disadvantage.  Everything was calculated and in his head he ran a brain-enhanced, simulated, projected, outcome of every possible scenario, missing no opportunity for advancement, no matter what the cost to anyone he chose to involve.  In simple English, he was a political genius, if one chose to call him that.  The truth was, he was an unfeeling, calculating machine, conjuring wins and eliminating losses at every turn.

The first day of his second year of law school he spotted her.  Sitting in the Student Center at Stanford was a very striking, well-dressed female student. He had never seen her before which was probably because she was there for his first Moot Court and she was a visiting student from Boalt Hall.  She sipped on her coffee in a very feminine and cultured manner, or at least it seemed that way to him.  He had grown up in Palo Alto but in a small, older neighborhood downtown.  Nicole grew up in San Francisco and was a big-city girl through and through.  She had everything he wanted in a woman.  Appearance, grace, and psychic energy, which communicated itself right across the room.  He viewed it as a flag of availability being flown for all to notice.

“Nicholas, who’s that girl over there?  I’ve never seen her before.”

“Oh, I have.  She’s not a student here.   She’s going to be at our Moot Court appearance at 10:00 AM.”  

“You want to meet her?”

“I have to meet her, for coffee or something.”

“You want me to set this thing up?”  Nicholas asked, still not looking up from his computer.

“You got it!  This is someone I could be interested in.”

“Oh, another one? I’ve totally lost count.” 

“No, smart ass.  I’m talking about something serious.  She looks wonderful.  I’ve got to meet her as soon as possible.”

“You mean, before somebody else does, right?”

“Right.”

“Leave it to me.  I’ll fix you up.”

“For tomorrow.”

“Soon, buddy, soon.”


















CHAPTER 6


A tall marksman focused his concentration on a silhouette target 30 yards away and began firing his .357 Magnum in rapid succession; ten evenly spaced shots.  Finishing his volley, he stepped back and removed his ear protection, waiting for the scoring.  Justin Bradley had always been strong.  At six-foot-three inches, he was a solid mass of muscle.  Even in high school he wore his dark brown hair high and tight. He had perfect vision and a penetrating gaze, emanating from steel-gray eyes.  His ambitions went from Cub Scouts to early Selective Service registration and never stopped until reached his goal of being part of the U. S. Secret Service.

“Almost perfect, only one shot slightly outside the center of mass.”  

“Some day, I promise you, they’ll all be inside.”

“That’s a pretty ambitious order, young man.”

Justin Bradley was ambitious and very idealistic for fifteen years.  He still remembered the day he emptied almost the whole clip inside the silhouette and felt the prid his father had for him.  Even though his dad was just a mere sheriff in Oxnard, California, a small agricultural community north of Los Angeles, he still took his son’s future very seriously and admired his ambition.  He even went as far as buying Justin the gun he said he wanted for target practice because he expressed a keen and enduring interest in joining the Secret Service.  Unfortunately, a late-night domestic call took Jim Bradley’s life early one morning when an irate drunk shot four times before he opened the door to the three-room shack on the edge of an avocado field. Sgt. Bradley was dead two months after Justin’s best target practice. 

 The day after Christmas, Justin helped carry the casket at his father’s funeral and the day after that, he shot a one hundred percent center target shoot to honor of his father’s sacrifice.

Finances were slim in the Bradley household and there were two younger brothers to support. Justin stayed at home with his mother and brothers to try to keep them both centered and gave his mother the stability she so visibly needed.  He worked at night at a liquor store and attended Community College during the days for two years to earn a degree in Police Science.  

Keeping up with all of the assignments was very difficult, what with being a surrogate father, working and going to school.  There were times when he’d get just six hours sleep in a weekend, but that didn’t stop him.  He continued to develop his marksmanship, improving his scores regularly.  His mother suggested he join the National Rifle Association but he fought the idea because he felt like he was head of the family.  One night he came home for dinner and saw his mother had been crying.  When he got the facts out of her he learned that she’d been to the doctor and the news was grim.  He’d known cancer ran in the family and, with her tearful pleas and his sense of duty, he agreed to go the next day and talk to the local NRA rep in person.

When he arrived at the local office and told them his name, it became obvious that some news of his shooting prowess had filtered its way back to the people in the Association.  These people were keen to have Justin in their club and on their side.  They promised him their best coach if he would stay with them and shoot for at least one season and help them to achieve national recognition for their little club.  He happily joined up and immediately was given a shooting schedule that kept him even busier than he had been, but in terms of accomplishment, gave him the leverage he needed to join the sheriff’s department as soon as he graduated.  From there he applied for every federal government project he could find and left the sheriff’s department early in his work history to go from one Santa Barbara think tank to the next until he achieved a security clearance high enough to qualify him for the Secret Service.  The rest was history.

When he started in the Service he was given very light duties.  This was before the Service went national to cope with terrorists on American soil.  Many times he sat in the presidential limo and just watched the secured area around him while the activities of the president were carried on outside his purview.  It was routine and often a boring task, which made him even more interested in doing real security on behalf of the highest office in the United States.  He saw and heard things that made him question just why the people who were in charge were doing some of the things they were.  Still he kept hoping for a chance to do more.

It was a cold, bone chilling morning in Billings, Montana.  There was a blizzard warning and even the birds must have been aware of it because there was no sign of life anywhere you looked across the flat expanse of hard-packed snow.  The presidential limo was parked in a heated hangar at the extreme north end of the airport runway waiting for the arrival of Air Force One.  A closer inspection around the hangar revealed the odd rat missed by the traps scurrying for a bit of somebody’s tossed sandwich or chunk of dropped potato chip.  January had a way of doing this to the American prairies.

Justin could see the new president standing off to one side of the tarmac talking with a few of the agents.  The atmosphere was a little more lax than usual because Brian Mitchell, the president-elect would be sworn in shortly.  

“I guess this will be one of President Archer’s last flights,” Ryan Beresky announced as he walked up to the limo and put his hand on the roof while he looked around the hangar with a critical eye and an even keener sense of danger.

“I suppose so.  I sure am getting sick of this though,” Justin replied almost automatically. 

“So what do you mean by that?”

“Just what I said.  I sometimes think my talents are going to waste.”

“Maybe you think you’ve been overlooked.”

“Yeah, kind of like passed up.  You know what I mean?”

“I’ve been watching you for a while now,” Ryan bantered back.

“So what’s that supposed to mean, smart ass?”

“Actually what it means is, I’d like to put in a request to the supervisor to have you be my partner.  I think you’re a responsible and observant guy and your marksmanship is impeccable.  Not like some of these guys around here.”  He paused and looked Justin straight in the eye.

“Well that’s not such a bad offer.  Mind if I just think about it for a couple of days?”

“Yes, as a matter of fact I do.  I’m just about to be married tomorrow and it will be the only time I’ve taken off for more than a weekend in the last ten years. I don’t want to have to think about these guys when I’m involved in other important activities if you get my drift. I have already driven one wife away for less than that.  You know what women are like.  I want to be able to take off for a week anyway and not worry about what I’m going to find when I get back.”

“In that case the answer is yes.”

“Excellent choice my friend.  I’ll talk to the supervisor today.  He should be here to watch the loading process in about fifteen minutes or so.  I’ve known this guy for a long time and we communicate on the same wavelength.”

“How long does this thing take?”

“No longer than it took you.”

“Very funny.”

“Yeah it is.  Isn’t it?” 

  

 













CHAPTER 7


Aaron had covered all the bases.  He had chosen the closest thing he could find to a French restaurant and had made sure they had Dom Perignon and every other wine on the Vintner’s Select wine list in California.  He had talked his father into the use of his Visa card and purchased the best suit he could find without exceeding the limit of his father’s card.  He had made arrangements to borrow a fellow fraternity brother’s one-year-old Mercedes S series sedan and he was almost ready for his first date with Nicole Adamson.

Nicole had come to Berkley from a private college on the east coast.  She had completed an undergraduate degree in Business and taken the LSAT with the highest grade of any woman applying for law school.  She was very intelligent, but also very emotional.  A volatile combination that Aaron didn’t mind in the least.  He liked them to go down fighting or at least breathing hard.

He could always be counted on to be on time when he had a date or when he met his buddy who passed out the odd joint to him on weekends.  The rest of his social life was definitely hit and miss.  When Nicole finally appeared at the door of the sorority house he could not believe what he saw.  This woman was beautiful to the point of being elegant.  The rest of the girls who were hanging on to see what this great date of hers looked like were all wallflowers at the edge of the rose garden and Aaron knew he had to marry her if he was ever going to have the opportunity to smell the roses.

As he led Nicole quietly toward his waiting car, he was speechless for one of the few time in his life.  It was almost Columbus Day and the night was clear and mild.  A beautiful gibbous moon rose silently above the landscape of cypress trees and the whole landscape had a fairyland appearance which made this date the closest to being romantic of any date Aaron had ever been on.  He almost felt as though he might actually be infatuated with this woman already because love was not a word he ever used, since he really wasn’t familiar with it and couldn’t relate to the personal sacrifices it implied.

When he opened the passenger door and he watched her smoothly slide into the seat he had trouble remembering he had to close the door and get back into the car to drive.  He just stood there for a moment mesmerized by lust and its punctuation made apparent and intensified by some exotic perfume he had never been exposed to before.  This was unforgettable.  He had to have her!  Tonight.

As he sat behind the wheel and started easing the car away from the curb she was the first to break the silence and this was also unusual for him.  He was the salesman, the fast talker, and the guy with all the answers.

“This is a lovely car,” Nicole announced like a salesperson from some car dealership.

“Thank you,” was all Aaron was able to say in response even though as soon as he said it he realized how lame it sounded.

He sat there tongue-tied.  This too was something that had never happened to him before.  He couldn’t imagine what had caused this mental block and was determined to remove it before the night was one second longer.

“I hope you like French cuisine.”

“Oh yes.  It’s my favorite.  When I was in high school my parents and I used to go out at least once every couple of months to a small restaurant called La Belle Auberge and it was an epicurean delight.”

He took his eye briefly off the road, just long enough to see her smile smugly at him.  He returned the sentiment almost halfheartedly.  Not because he didn’t like her, but because this was the first and surely the only woman who ever made him feel he had to work at being Aaron Keeling.  That took some doing.

The restaurant was warmly inviting.  It looked like a blend of what might be considered typical Spanish architecture and French Riviera plant culture.  The outside of the building was covered with various varieties of grapevines which climbed from arbors constructed adjacent to the building and which continued to grow up and spread over the top of the roof. The exterior was painted white which provided a backdrop of sharp contrast between the large green grape leaves that spread endlessly over the surface of its walls.

Nicole was dressed in a classic style black dress, sleeveless with a plunging neckline, pearl necklace and earrings and black pumps.  No sweater or wrap.  It was a very warm evening and interior winds still kept the temperature up at over 80 degrees.  Aaron could see a hint of moisture covering the back of her neck like a second skin and felt the thrill of the chase surging through him.  When they arrived at the restaurant reception the maitre d’ was courteous and professional and had them comfortably seated very quickly complete with menus, water and a waiting ice bucket where a bottle of champagne appeared without a request to usher it to the table.

“How do you like law school?” he found himself asking like a high school boy on his first date.

“I love it!  As a matter a fact I have something interesting I’d like to tell you,” she said uncrossing and re-crossing her legs as if to punctuate her sentence.  

“Yes.”  He stared at her.  Transfixed.

“Well, to be honest, it’s kind of a family tradition,” her remark carried just a hint of a southern accent.  “You see, my grandfather was an attorney and a judge in Mississippi many years ago.”

“Really.  Is that what started your interest in the law?”

“Yes it did.  He was the smartest man I’ve ever known.  He defended nothing but murderers because he didn’t believe in the death penalty.  He defended his aunt when he was a young attorney and she had been accused of shooting a gold miner who believed he had found a big gold strike.  She blamed a guy who was a traveling salesman and they eventually executed him.  My grandfather felt so guilty because he must have known the guy was innocent that he dedicated the rest of his career to defending murderers until he became a judge later in his life.”

She leaned back in her chair and held the flute of champagne in her hand as though she was attempting to make up her mind as to whether she really wanted to drink it.  Aaron sat there looking at her and imagining the two of them dancing on the beach like the famous painting by Jack Vettriano.  How romantic he thought to himself even though he knew he never could be romantic.  Still it was an image.  Wasn’t image the be-all and end-all of politics?  The thing they all strove and worked for?  

“Pardon me, sir, would you like to order now, or would you like some more time?”

“Oh yes, we’re fine for now.  Give us a few more minutes, will you?”

“By all means.”

The waiter left as silently as he arrived and Aaron was left sitting, rigidly staring from his plate, to the glass, to Nicole and feeling totally inadequate.

“That’s a great story.”  He paused dramatically.  “I don’t like law school all that much.”

“Why did you choose it then?”

Nicole didn’t miss an opportunity to dig deeper and believed she was searching for the key to unlock the secret formula that made up the personality of Aaron Keeling.  She needed to open the door.  This gave him the opportunity he had been waiting for to tell her what he had wanted to tell her all along.  The truth was he had won this round.

“Because I am going to be the President of the United States some day,” he said smugly.

“And I’m going to be the First Lady,” she chimed in as though it was a movie script written for the two of them.  They both laughed at their own remarks spontaneously.

“Well, now that we have established the facts in this case, let’s work on the issues,” he remarked like a typical law student.  Then he smiled and caught the eye of the waiter.

“If you could bring us both the menu we planned in advance for our seven course dinner this evening, that would be very nice.”

“The vichyssoise first?”

“Yes, the vichyssoise.”

“Thank you, sir,” and the waiter disappeared again returning almost immediately with a bowl of the soup for him and another waiter in tow who served Nicole her first course.

The details were now in the process of being refined.  The only really pertinent issue was where Nicole was going to spend the night and even that was probably already decided.  If not tonight, then soon.  He was sure of that and so was she.  They were so well matched it was a perfect night.

When Nicole arrived back at the dorm her friends were peering out of every window and door that was available to serve their voyeurism.  They were somewhat quiet but even at this stage in life there was snickering and giggling audible to anyone walking close enough to the building.  As Nicole exited the borrowed vehicle and walked quickly up the sidewalk to the door all eyes were on her.  She appeared to be dressed as she was when she left and other than the fact that she was no longer wearing any lipstick seemed to be pretty much together.

“So how was your date?” the housemother asked.

“I only have one thing to say, for which you can quote me,” Nicole announced triumphantly.

“What’s that?” one of her eager classmates pleaded.   

“I have just met the man I am going to marry because I am going to be the country’s First Lady some day soon.”

All of the girls lounging and gathering around the room and staircases and halls within earshot laughed almost in unison and ran every direction for their rooms and the gossip flowed that night from every cavern of the building. 

“That’s silly,” the housemother said.

“We’ll see.  We’ll just see about that,” Nicole replied.


















CHAPTER 8


Mathew Perry was exhausted.  He had spent all summer trying to nail down Aaron Keeling and  preserve the rights fought for by the American founding fathers he had always admired so much.  The men who had written the document that created his country and made it the great place it was.  These men had had enough of nepotism and royal peerage.  They wanted a fair and impartial constitution, which ensured identical rights for everyone who had an interest in the welfare of the people and the country.  How he had arrived at the place he was now was a mystery to him - and to most of his fellow congressmen, as well.  How did Mathew manage to end up as Speaker of the House with a president who could manipulate the law as skillfully and artfully as Aaron Keeling did?

Every time there was gridlock in the House or between the House and the Senate the president would just lock himself away, become uncommunicative for a week and the following Monday, when everyone was just getting down to business, there would be a flurry of Executive Orders that created legal chaos.  Was this his idea of a coup de plume?  Some of his close friends and colleagues had speculated regarding this ploy but Mathew was trying to analyze it rationally.  He was attempting to stand behind what his party had done to improve their country so far but this situation boggled his senses.  Not to be discounted in the meantime, was Aaron’s devotion to the party and his magnanimous contribution to campaign fund-raising for the upcoming elections. What was this all about?  Mere cronyism?  Maybe.

Mathew had always been his father’s favorite son.  The oldest of four boys, he felt it was his duty to make certain that when his father was engaged in government business that the family ran smoothly in his absence.  Spenser, his father, was a man of principle and dedication.  Mathew could remember as early as eleven, setting up folding chairs in the high school auditorium for an up-coming political rally when his father ran for Governor of Michigan.

Spenser was a farmer who owned a large dairy herd situated on the outskirts of Ann Arbor, right on the lake.  A part of property had an unobstructed view of the water looking directly over to the opposite shore. This farm had been in the family for three generations and was very well developed, giving Spenser a good reputation in the community and many kind and magnanimous friends who helped fund his political ambitions.

His father’s commitment and fervent dedication to the farmers of their community had been Mathew’s initial call to the political arena.  He remembered getting up at 4:30 every morning from the time he was twelve to follow his father out to the barns to do whatever needed to be done getting the milk ready for pickup.  Machines, of course, did the milking but they needed to be hooked up and that was a time-consuming task with only two other helpers.  One of them was an old guy named Paul whose wife had died some years earlier and who took the whole dairy operation very seriously.  He treated it much as though it was his own and fussed and fretted over his favorite cows as though they were his pets.  This made the atmosphere of the whole place very comfortable and it gave Mathew the feeling when he was growing up that this life could go on forever.

Spenser fought hard for his state and managed to hold his ground on most issues to promote the welfare of the farms.  He was a good friend of the congressman Joseph Douglas Sadler and his long-standing relationship with this man proved to be a great benefit to the farmers of the state.  The two had been friends since grade school and both their fathers were farmers.  They both believed, and rightly so, that the strength of a country could be made or broken by the success or failure of their agricultural industry.  Since the federal government had never been much for agricultural subsidies, especially for the small farmer, this man’s loyalty and dedication turned out to serve the interests of their state extremely well.   

Wondering where people like that had gone, Mathew looked out from his warm, comfortable office, with its opulent furniture and Persian rugs, across the dreary expanse of snow and ice that covered the ground.  Here he was in an age of cutthroat industrialism where the dollar was mightier than the sword and no contract, unless signed in blood, was ever enforced.  A far cry from his father’s day when two men agreed on a deal and shook hands then honored their word.

“Mr. Perry,” Heather’s voice was always so cheery, especially when contrasted with the drifts of dirty snow pushed up against the fence in the parking lot outside his office window.

“You have a call waiting on line 2, and I put your mail from yesterday in your basket in order of importance.”

Perry smiled to himself and thought he would just like to tell her how much he really appreciated all of her dedication and kindness, but in today’s world that would probably be construed as sexual harassment, even if it were true.  Also, it wouldn’t make any difference who raised the issue.  Even if an onlooker decided this wasn’t a problem; it was a problem.  One he didn’t need at the moment.

“Who is it?” 

“It’s Congressman Niles Cunningham, sir.”

Always so formal, but that’s what made her Heather, he thought to himself.  Nice girl, nice girl.  His mind wandered for a few seconds then he quickly picked up on his call, ready for another battle of the day.

“Yes Niles, what is it?”

“You won’t believe this!  I shouldn’t say that, I guess I know you would believe it, but I just don’t get it.”

“Niles, it’s only Monday.  What is so urgent that you sound like you’re on the edge of melodrama?”

“I guess you haven’t heard the announcement?”

Mathew paused, looked at his phone and tried to imagine what kind of crazy scheme Aaron was hatching now.  

“I was right.  That son of a bitch is going to run his wife for president.”

“There’s no real surprise in that is there?”

“No, I guess not,” Niles said halfheartedly.   “What are you doing right now?”

“Come on, Niles, what’s this all about?  I’ve got a mountain of paper here to go through and I haven’t even opened my e-mail yet.  Give me a break.”

“I don’t want to talk on this line.  You and I both know it’s not secure.”

“Ok.  So where this time?”

“There’s a little coffee place over at that little strip mall just a few blocks away from here.  It’s called Judge For Yourself.”

“Cute, so what’s your point?”

“Meet me there at ten-thirty.  I promise you that you won’t be disappointed.”

“I better not be. Capice?”

“Copy that, sir.”  Niles smiled to himself and knew that what he had to say would be taken with the utmost seriousness.

Mathew thought this day was almost lost as far as accomplishing anything further.  Little did he know.

















CHAPTER 9


Aaron and Nicole Keeling had a stunning wedding and went to work for a sumptuous law firm near Harvard Square.  They met all the beautiful and well-connected people in the political community and inside of five years were on their way to a perfect heaven of graft and corruption, which would culminate in Aaron’s receiving the presidential nomination.  It was truly a success story written for a couple completely suited to one another that might just turn out to be the worst pariahs to ever grace the door of the American political arena.

They had been campaigning for months now, going from state to state and coffer to coffer.  The aim was to diligently collect every debt or perceived debt or even imagined debt owed to either of them during their tenure at the firm of Crawford, Graham and Johnson.  This prestigious firm was personified by many of the top graduating students from Harvard and Yale, and even one partner from Oxford.  There was, of course, a fair amount of jealousy and prejudice generated by members of the firm that felt outsiders from a “second rate” school like Stanford should be relegated to the fringes of the legal profession.  However, as fate would have it, politics had smiled on them and beamed down success on Aaron to speed him on his way to become the chosen first son and heir to one of the country’s greatest gifts, the nomination to the office of President of the United States.

Aaron drank in the excitement, notoriety and exposure every single day they were on the road like a sun-worshiper stretched out on a backyard chaise lounge.  Every beam of light filled his cup till it overflowed and as it did he grabbed each moment, seized on each opportunity and piled up the political favors to save each one like travel points on a credit card.  It wasn’t work to him at all.  This was the greatest experience of his life.  The ultimate free lunch and he was going to masticate all of it as vigorously as possible, swallowing it down whole in eager anticipation of starting the process all over again the next day. 

“Well, baby, we have all but accomplished our goal.  If we can nail down Texas and Ohio we can wrap this thing up.”

At the table of the candlelit dining room, Aaron looked smugly across at Nicole who played with her glass of champagne as though it was filled with some magical fluid that would transform her into anything.  Possibly a queen.  Her reluctance to down it became evident.

“I’m still a little worried.”

“Ah, my sweet, you have always suffered from these moments of insecurity, but I’ve never let you down, now have I?”

“No, no,” she said hesitatingly.  “But....”

“But what?  You wanted to be First Lady and you shall be, very soon.  What more can you ask for?”

“It worries me because it’s taking so much out of you.  You are, of course, very handsome, but these last few weeks have definitely taken their toll on you.  Cigarettes, power drinks, and all.”

“True, I know you’re right.”  You’re always right, he thought to himself, but why would I ever be crazy enough to admit it?

“So, if you don’t mind me making one small suggestion, I have just met someone I think you will like very much and when you hear the background I think you will see the circumstances as I do,” Nicole said assertively.

Your way or the highway, he thought to himself.  You’re always up to something: plotting, conniving, and scheming.  But you know I never listen to you.  Aaron was giving himself the big pep talk in anticipation of an argument he knew he had little chance of wining.  

“I have met someone I’d like you to meet.  I know it’s a little early yet, but this lady is the perfect topping to our final dessert.”

“What is your point, my dear, you’re confusing me just a bit here.”

“Do you mind me telling you what I think?”  Nicole asked with her doe eyes glistening in the light reflected upward from the crystal candleholder placed strategically just off-center of the round table, placed immediately next to the window accented by the lace sheers and soft blue velvet drapes.

He had done everything tonight to placate her.  Taken her to the most outstanding restaurant in Chicago as far away from the convention center as he could find.  He’d given her his charge card with the $100,000 limit to shop and buy anything she wanted to wear for the evening.  He really felt as though their celebration of this latest win in the ongoing battle for supremacy had been an ultimate effort on his part.  Still she wasn’t really happy and that was obvious.  So what did she want?  He was afraid to ask.

“Well let me set you straight then,” she said in that saccharine melodious tone she used whenever she wanted something.  Her singsong presentation also meant that she had no intention of backing down if she didn’t get it.  She would just retreat, regroup and reapply.

“I think we need to choose a Presidential Adviser now.”  Nicole made her statement and just sat there.  She said nothing.  The air was thick and she must have developed a sense of regal superiority that was so obvious, even to the maitre d’ that he noticed her discontent from the other side of the room and made a quick trip to their table to see if he could resolve the conflict which he sensed was developing between the two of them.

“Is there anything I can get either of you?” he asked as he looked specifically at Nicole who seemed to portray the highest level of dissatisfaction at the table.  

“Oh no.  We’re...” Aaron, trying to cure their breach, allowed himself to be abruptly cut out of the conversation at this point.

“What he’s trying to say is that we are just discussing your menu and when we’re ready for something we’ll let you know.”  She looked right through the man as she pronounced her edict. “Do you follow me?” she asked staring at him as though his execution was imminent.

“Very good.  I’ll just leave you two to decide.”  He quickly turned on his heel and walked rapidly back to the kitchen where he didn’t belong, in a weak attempt to seek refuge from Nicole in a safe environment.

“You don’t think this is a bit precipitous?”  Aaron knew better than to argue.  After all running for president is something no man can accomplish alone.

Nicole sat bolt upright and pushed herself back in her chair as though she was trying to make herself appear as tall as her husband if not in physical appearance, then in stature.

“No, as a matter of fact, I’ve already talked to her.  She’s an attorney, like us, well-connected to Harvard which is the school of choice for presidents and is owed favors by everyone in the country and a few other countries in the world as well.”

Nicole leaned back again and relaxed her body position ever so slightly, having delivered the lecture with all the gusto and sincerity of a lay preacher in an evangelical church.

“I guess it couldn’t hurt to just meet her.”  As he said this he almost choked and grabbed for his napkin to cover his mouth and hopefully his self-created faux pas.

Aaron thought he was probably making the biggest mistake of his life.  Nicole had engineered the whole evening and completely blindsided him.  She contrived the whole game plan in her mind.  She invented and rehearsed every detail of it and then proceeded to execute it in a stellar Academy Award winning style that left him speechless. 

“I knew you would see the light,” she announced to the whole restaurant, which was now empty with the exception of a few Secret Service agents and the maitre d’ who had reluctantly re-appeared much to his chagrin and stood a few feet away from the table in silence waiting for a nod from the two-person debating team.

“I’m not promising anything now, you understand,” he said as assertively as he could.  It was obvious to her that this was his feeble attempt to close the barn door but it wasn’t going to work as far as she was concerned.

“That’s OK.  I’m not counting on anything.  I just know once you meet her that you’ll like her.  Just imagine for a moment, if you had a female adviser that would be almost like having a female vice president.  All the female voters would be happy with you because you had the sensitivity and sense, I suppose, to choose a woman to be your right hand.”

“No, no my darling you are my right hand.”  Aaron smiled at his clever remark, but Nicole was on a tear.

“Oh, you’re so sweet.”  Again the honey coated words dripped from her lips like warm and runny taffy.  Not a word of truth to be found in any of it.

“You are asking for a lot you know,” Aaron said trying to buy himself a few seconds to come up with a really graceful exit off the stage, but none was forthcoming.

“I know.  But think of it this way.  You want a man as vice president because you need electoral votes from the states you’re a little weak in.  So you have selected your nominee to cover that contingency, right?  That’s not going to impress those women voters though.”  She paused.  “You know what they’re going to say.  He thinks that men are the political be-all and end-all.  Aaron Keeling never gives the women a chance.  Right?  Am I right?” she emphasized and then sat back in her chair again.  

He felt as though he’d been completely played.  Just like the guys at school did to him once when they convinced him some girl’s father was waiting outside with a shotgun about to fill the seat of his pants with buckshot.  You have the name, you better be able to play.  What am I going to do with her?  I have to at least pretend to agree with her or she’ll never give it up.  On some level, he knew this was something she would never do anyway.

“I can see your point,” he said reluctantly as he looked down at his lap.  On some level he knew she really did have a point but he would certainly never admit it to her.  She was trying to run the show and she’d never done that overtly before although he had suspected some covert operations from her a few times.  Here it comes, here it comes, wait for it, he thought.

She changed her position in the chair and her body language went from submissive to attack mode again.  She sat bolt upright and looked him right in the eye.  She continued to hold on to her glass of champagne as if it was a potential weapon.

“I’ve made arrangements for us to have lunch at a nice restaurant over on west side of town next week.  She’s flexible and knows about the security and all the other things.”

“Make sure she comes alone,” Aaron said almost as a postscript, only asserted in a voice of authority stiffened with all the ferociousness he could muster.  He had to make Nicole concede on something or the argument, in his mind at least, was totally lost.

“You won’t regret this, I promise you,” she said as she finally lifted her glass as though she was going to attempt to offer a toast.

“I hope you’re right,” Aaron said as he lifted his glass in concert with hers.

I hope she’s right, for her own sake.  Her very future may depend on it, he thought as he continued to scheme and imagine the presidency he felt he had been entitled to since his school days.  You may need to be right again some time.

They both drank simultaneously from their champagne glasses.  A drink of celebration of their new life in a new era.  The creation of a new regime. 

All was going as planned.  Nicole’s plan, that is.

















CHAPTER 10


Aaron Keeling’s mood was not, to say the least, enhanced by the prospect of the upcoming luncheon scheduled by Nicole for 12:30 at the restaurant of her choice.  This went without saying.  He had sensed her strong will, right away the day he met her on the college campus.  Over and above that, he had sensed her need.  Her need to be catered to, to be flattered, to be enticed into excitement.  All these things had made her attractive to him.  Now he realized, suddenly and unexpectedly, that these personality traits were creating more of an obstacle for him to overcome than an asset that would make his obtaining the office of President easier.  Granted, she wanted him to be elected.  But on what terms?  Was it on his terms to serve his agenda and platform, or on hers?  What mire was he sinking into and, more important, how quickly and how deep?

Nicole wasn’t back from shopping yet.  Aaron was still looking in their hotel room closet, trying to decide on an appropriate suit and the accessories to complement it.  In politics every aspect of your appearance means something to somebody and advisers were always standing by with a critical eye as a fashion and makeup police force that determined the meaning and tone of your chosen facade.  Your political persona dictated every aspect of your appearance.  Every aspect of your behavior was under a political microscope, ready to be observed by whomever, wherever and whenever opportunity presented itself.  Never waste a good photo op.  Just like the actors who become the icons of the world.  Milk it for all you can get and then grab on and enjoy the ride.

Politics wasn’t about right or wrong, good or bad, race, religion or creed or even beliefs.  It was about the sizzle, not the steak.  It was about marketing, presenting and pandering, not analyzing and arguing.  That was for attorneys.  Not that most politicians didn’t know both games which made playing the game that much easier, and hopefully, more successful.

A suit, a suit, he thought, as he stared at the rack intently.  There was much less choice of wardrobe available to him in the hotel than there would be at his house.  A very substantial part of the election budget went for what was referred to fondly in the political industry as ‘wardrobe’.  Like some B-Rated movie, Aaron thought to himself.  These monies assured a margin of success. The wardrobe varied according to climate, region and precinct.  You had to impress, but more importantly, you must never offend, any potential voter.

The opening of the hotel room door broke Aaron’s quiet and pensive reverie. The limo driver, laden with high-end department store loot, stood aside to allow Nicole, whose arms were also filled with bags, to stride triumphantly through the door.  It was a female rite of passage.  

“Just put those down on the bed, Jamie, so you can go back for the rest. If you will.” 

Aaron could tell Nicole was on the hunt.  

Jamie, the driver, just nodded and Aaron supposed he had gotten used to the fact that there was no point in arguing duties with her.  He turned quickly and exited the room, pulling the door closed behind him.    Jamie was alone again in the hall where he was safe from her orders… temporarily

“So, guess what I did this morning?” she asked smugly, smiling as impishly as a forty-year-old woman can.

“I can hardly imagine,” Aaron replied sarcastically. 

It’s a good thing this money comes from the fools who throw their contributions to our cause because I sure as hell wouldn’t want to be paying for all this, he thought to himself.

“I suspected that you would be having a terrible time picking out something really suitable for this luncheon today and knowing how important it is to you, I decided to take it upon myself and pick out the style of clothes your ‘Dresser’ listed for me.”  Nicole made this statement with a great deal of personal satisfaction.

“Well, that’s very sweet of you, I’m sure,” his voice still dripping with mockery.

The only thing I’m really sure of is that there’s no point in fighting this demonstration of terror, Aaron thought, as he pondered his fate.  As he stepped away from the bed, Jamie opened the door again pushing a brass clothes cart of shoeboxes, stacks of shirts, and ties, perched precariously on top.

“Oh, you’re back so soon.” Nicole observed.  “Why don’t you just put the rest of all of that and the cart in the sitting room next door,” pointing the way for him.  

“The problem is, ma’am, they need this thing back down in the lobby,” the driver said diffidently as though walking on eggshells.

“You let me worry about that, Jamie.  I’ll call you if we need anything else.”

“Thank you, ma’am,” he said meekly and exited the hotel room again in the same manner he had during the previous delivery. 

The dining room was brightly lit and welcoming.  Chandeliers with tiny crystal lights and black lampshade covers for accents were the feature most noticeable in the room.  The furniture, although in rather good taste, was a very plain Georgian style chair to complement the round tables with white-on-white tablecloths and napkins.  Since Nicole and Aaron arrived before Alysia Weir, it gave Aaron a little time to sit down, look around at the opulence of the restaurant and get his bearings.  These were, of course, new surroundings for him and Chicago was not his favorite place in the country to be, anyway.  He felt much more comfortable on the west coast where things were a lot less formal and a pair of blue jeans was, in some cases, almost as good as a tuxedo, especially if worn with a sports jacket and open-necked dress shirt.  

The lunch crowd was just starting to arrive to fill up the room but their guest for the occasion was conspicuously absent.  As group after group was seated, Aaron began to feel uncomfortable and maybe just a little angry.

“If this woman is so wonderful, why in hell isn’t she here yet?”  Aaron complained.  “She’s late.”

“No, my dear, she’s not.”

“What time did you tell her then?”

“I told her 1:45,” she paused, “to give you time for a break and just in case we were held up in traffic.  Of course Jamie is such a good driver, we’re here a little early.” She paused briefly, to look across the restaurant to the Maitre d’ station and, apparently, spotted her luncheon guest.

“Oh, there you are!” 

She waved and Aaron was struck with the realization that these two had some former contact or relationship that he had been excluded from.  Because of the place and timing of this first encounter there was little he could do but try to be polite which was not his strongest suit.  What have these two been up to behind my back? he thought to himself.  Aaron tried to alter the look of resentment that crept across his face.

Nicole stood as the maitre d’ led Alysia Weir to their table. At that point Aaron rose from his own chair like a jack-in-the-box. The maitre d’ stepped aside as Alysia embraced Nicole. He positioned the chair as Alysia oozed demurely down upon it  

“Alysia, I’d like you to meet my husband Aaron.”

“Your husband?  I thought he was our future president!”  She smiled graciously and Aaron felt a small twinge in the pit of his stomach that made him wish they were there for drinks instead of a meal.  Aaron gave a sign to the waiter who returned to the table at the speed of light.  

“Is there something I can get you, sir?”

“Yes, I’d like a double shot of Genlivet,” Aaron replied.

Both of the girls looked at him with a look of incredulity.  This was a man who almost never drank and when he did, it was in private.  So what was the problem today?  What was motivating this man to step aside from his practiced behavior and take a giant leap away from the etiquette of the Hill?  Out with two women, both of whom were ready to take him from the point of being a male black widow spider to being the corpse that made their plans possible.

“Oh, you’re having a cocktail?”  Nicole asked with the slightest hint of laughter in her voice.

“Oh yes, how inconsiderate of me.  What would you ladies like?” he asked as he extended his arm and scanned the table from right to left with a sweeping motion of his arm.

“I’ll have a vodka martini,” Nicole said with a hint of uncertainty in her voice.

There was a pause and no one said anything as a bead of sweat appeared on Aaron’s brow. 

“I’ll have one, as well.” Alysia said, as cool as the ice in the bucket awaiting the champagne by side of their table.

“Yes, sir,” the waiter replied as he turned, walking briskly toward the bar.  There were only a few Secret Service men standing around but many patrons of the restaurant, so the atmosphere was more frenzied than usual.  Almost as quickly as the waiter disappeared he reappeared with the drinks they had ordered and everyone at the table settled down for a round of negotiations.

“My wife tells me you are an extremely good assistant.”

“It’s nice to come so highly recommended. Thank you.”

“No point thanking me.  If you are such a Girl Wonder it’s up to you to prove it to me.  Do I make myself clear?”

“Absolutely.  I have been involved in other administrations, far less influential than yours, and have received high praise for definitive results.”

“Yes, I know you’re very popular, but it takes more than that to run this country.”

“Yes, sir.  I’m also very cognizant of that, but I’m also remembering that when you’re a new kid on the block, so to speak, you need a little direction through the mire if you want to be invited to anyone’s home. Follow my drift?”

“And you think you know how to avoid land mines?”

“I have had a full course in it.”

“Passing, at the top of her class,” Nicole punctuated.

“I’m aware that you’ve done well in the past administration, but what about that other one?”

“I can tell you this.  When I was given a free hand and when my advice was strictly followed, everybody came out on top.  When I was held back, or was ignored, as I was in the last administration, it was less than perfect shall we say?”

“I don’t know how I should take that.  Isn’t it up to you to make sure that everyone is onboard when you make the contract to set the direction in the program?”

“Yes, of course.  But...”

“But what?”

“Politics are politics. When people interfere sometimes not everything works out the way we plan.”

“How am I supposed to take that?  Does this mean that you lack the leadership ability you need to take this administration where it needs to go?”

“I can take one of you where you need to go.  I cannot speak for both of you.  If you and Nicole differ too markedly then there could be a problem, yes.”

“Is that what happened in the previous administration that ran it into problems?”  Aaron looked directly at and through Nicole in an attempt to find out exactly where she stood and whether she was paying attention.

“We are in full agreement,” Nicole blurted out.  “We work together on everything, don’t we, Aaron?”

Aaron looked across at Nicole.  Any observer could see that Aaron had reached his tolerance level of this charade and was not about to suffer any further discomfort.  He tossed down the rest of his drink and raised his glass to catch the eye of the waiter who quickly brought him another.  He grasped it as tightly as a hand grenade and looked at Alysia as though he was armed and waiting for her to declare the next round of the bout.  He knew he couldn’t win fighting two women that closely allied, especially when their venom was directed toward him.

“So, you two are friends, I take it?”

“Aaron,” Nicole pleaded, “What does that have to do with anything?”

Now Aaron grinned like the cat with its belly full of canary.  He pushed his chair slightly around from the table and took a deep breath, which appeared like a chessboard move toward “Check!”.  He had been waiting and hoping for this moment to arrive but had believed that the game was just out of reach.  He had an excellent chance to grab the game and was about to make The Move.  

“How can you expect me to agree to support anyone for an office as vital to this country as the Presidential Adviser, based on the fact that my wife’s girlfriend thinks she can give me sound advice?”  Aaron asked with conviction and passion.

An uncomfortable pause suddenly enveloped their table.  Aaron sat back, smiled smugly and said nothing.  This shroud of silence spread through the rest of the room.  He had won this match.  

At least for the time being.


















CHAPTER 11


Mathew Perry found himself back ‘doing lunch’ at the same small pub with Niles Cunningham, only this time he felt like an old lady showing up for a neighborhood gossip fest.  The pub was, of course, empty as usual and another faceless and nameless bartender leaned over their small table with menus, wine lists and daily specials in a effort to have them fed and out of his establishment as quickly as possible. 

“I hope you don’t think us getting together again gives you any support for your crazy conspiracy theory.  If I didn’t known you as long as I have, I wouldn’t even be here now.”  Mathew looked over at Niles with a faint look of disgust.  Mathew hoped that Niles didn’t take his criticism too seriously but at least realized that what he was suggesting was just plain “not acceptable”.

“I told you before that it’s only hearsay at this point, but that’s why we have to be totally aware and apprise ourselves of all of the facts in this thing before we just dismiss it as nonsense.”

“You have to dismiss everything in this town as nonsense until they either raise the flag or lower it.”

The waiter seemed a little more anxious about today’s lunch than he had been the last time around.  He kept pacing back and forth from the kitchen to the back of the bar and at one point the bartender grasped him by the shoulder, spun him around and sent him back to the kitchen with a few muted words which undoubtedly were a directive to stay out of sight till he was needed.  He was obviously new in DC because even the younger waiters were used to the cat and mouse game played by politicians seeking their privacy or what little they had left. 

Mathew had come to the point in his life where he thought he had t seen it all, but he knew now that that was a dangerous attitude.  That was just the time you could be most easily blindsided.  He didn’t need any more conflict in his life. He knew Niles meant well, but he also knew that Niles was easily spooked and wondered who or what was behind his state of abrupt panic.

“OK, I don’t care what the rumors are but you might as well tell me now because that’s the reason you set up this meeting up, right?”

“Well, yes.  I guess so.  I mean I just have to tell somebody what might be about to happen.  Seven years of Keeling and it feels like we’re going to get rid of him and then bam!  I never would have believed it could have happened even two years ago.”  

“Come on,” Mathew beckoned with his hand while glancing toward the kitchen with annoyance at the banging of pots which was sending enough noise into the restaurant area to be annoying.

“What is this great rumor?”

“Keeling is going to not only raise money to back his wife for the next presidency, but after she announces that she is running for the next term, she’s going to choose him as her running mate.”

Mathew pushed his chair back away from the table in total disbelief and obvious disbelief. 

“I’m going to call an end to this discussion if you don’t say something very soon that will make some sense.  I have a very busy schedule and this is worse than nonsense: it’s crazy!  Who has been telling you all this crap?”  

“Well, I....”

“This is absurd!” Mathew said looking down at the white tablecloth, which failed to inspire him to say anything more.

“Think about this.”  Niles’ level of intensity had increased twofold.  “The Twenty-Second Amendment limits the president to two terms or, in the case of an assassination, from the time of the president’s death till the end of the term and then two more terms, correct?”

“Right.”  I know where this is leading, Mathew said to himself and he also knew he didn’t like it one bit.

“So what if, just what if the president, after leaving office, is chosen by the new or future candidate for president to be his, or in this case her, running mate?  I know it’s never happened before and it’s probably never even been contemplated before and that’s why there is no law to stop it.  But we’re dealing with lawyers here, and pretty smart ones, if you ask me.”

“That’s the dumbest thing I’ve ever heard.  No party would go along with that.  It would be stopped right at the convention level and would never go any farther.”

“There was a time when I would have agreed with you, but times have changed and the thing that has changed them is the introduction of endless presidential fund-raisers.  Coffers piled to the ceiling with excess funds held over from the original campaign that elected this person in the first place.”

“But that money would be automatically turned over to his party.”

“Ah!  Not so fast.  That’s not necessarily true and in this case it certainly isn’t true.  That money and the additional monies from monthly fund-raisers are being held in the original campaign accounts in the same bank and the same people still have control over it.  Clever, wouldn’t you say?”

Niles paused and an eerie silence filled the restaurant, permeating the ambience.  The two Secret Service men waiting outside were unaware of any problem or disruption anywhere around.  The sun was shining and the breeze was moderate from the southwest. A beautiful day, all in all.  Inside, Niles had Mathew’s attention now.  Matthew was clearly thinking and considering everything Niles had just said but needed more time to respond and say something meaningful.  Niles watched the sparkle of light from the Potomac glimmering from the polished dark wood of the floor.  He was going to give Mathew all the time he needed.

“Do you realize what this would mean?”

“Yes, I think I do,” Niles said with great solemnity.

“A single family would have control of this country for decades.  If anything happened to Nicole Keeling, what would Aaron do?”

“He’d take over as president again, of course,” Niles said with emphasis on the word “again”.  

“This whole thing is preposterous.  I refuse to indulge in such nonsense even from you, and we have been good friends for a long time. This just cannot be,” Mathew said as though he was trying to convince himself as much as anyone else.  “If something like this happened, it would make a mockery of the whole system.  It would be like returning to feudalism.  Kings, queens, ascension, and all the rest of the very things we fled from when our forefathers founded this country.”

“But we have no laws in place to stop this kind of thing from happening.  A president carrying on another term, or even two, in the event of war or something else catastrophic, but nothing like this.  This guy is shrewd.  You know that by the way he handled himself when he held the office.” 

 In Niles’s heart he was really committed to this idea.  He had to convince Mathew that there was, at least, a possibility that what he thought could happen would, in fact, happen.

“So let me see if I’ve got this straight.  You think this guy will be her running mate and, if anything, God forbid, should happen to her, he will step in and run the country, and to hell with the Constitution?”

“Something like that, yes.  Only I don’t think anything will happen to her.  I think he will just tell her what to do and run the show, because after all, without him, where would she be?  She’s nothing.  No experience.  No true candidate.”

“Without either of them maybe we would have the kind of constitutional republic that was designed for us by the great men like Washington, Mason, and Madison.  Is that really too much to ask for?  To follow the rule of law, that was laid down when this country was formed?  Or should we pursue anarchy?”  

Mathew was worn down as far as he was going to let himself be.  The noise from the kitchen had finally stopped.  The two men sat alone quietly; solemnly very much aware of the vulnerability of America, and their own future.

“How did we ever get to such a sorry place in this nation?”  Mathew asked as he reflected on the legal ramifications of their conversation.

“Maybe we made too many unnecessary laws.”

“Maybe we just didn’t make the ones we needed.”



















CHAPTER 12


Ryan Beresky and Justin Bradley sat motionless directly behind the Secret Service driver who completed their on-board team.  The midnight black Cadillac Parade limo moved stealthily along Pennsylvania Avenue under spring rain clouds, which threatened an imminent thunderstorm, not unusual for late May in Washington.  Ryan and Justin had been partners now for twelve years and were a key element of the security staff.  This was their second presidential assignment.  This president, Michael Douglas Talford, had remained popular longer than any other modern-day politician that Justin could remember.  Under this leadership, the House had cooperated with the Senate; there was goodwill in the government and, best of all, the country prospered under such leadership.  Talford had a good sense of humor, communicated freely as often as the Secret Service men would allow him and, from all appearances, made almost everybody feel happy. The only problem with all of this was the president’s personality and exuberance made the task of securing his safety an extremely difficult one.

Ever since Michael Talford took to the campaign trail some years earlier, Justin and Ryan had been assigned to him almost exclusively, although the secondary staff changed in rotation, as required by policy.  Even so, President Talford made security matters difficult, going from appearance to appearance, place to place and building to building.  Many of his stops were decided on whims.  When the squad members tried to warn him of the inherent dangers, he disregarded their advice by darting here and there when the impulse struck him.   He would wink and smile and tell them not to worry.   He would proceed to do some act of kindness or friendliness and everything would be OK.  And it was.

At least it had been for some time.  That was all he needed.

Somehow today had Justin particularly worried.  First of all, there had been a lot of e-mails screened by the NSA, and they suspected some potential terrorist action toward the president.  Homeland Security felt reasonably sure that he was a target and that the terrorists might be members of a cell in the DC area.  Justin also knew that our legal system could not act on the information identifying a group. Our government could take no action until the terrorists made their move and committed a crime; an overt act of violence or terrorism.  Even if these people had fought with dissidents in the Middle East like ISIS or the Sunnis and returned to America.  If they were American citizens, they had free passage.  

It bothered Justin to know that other countries, like Canada, had anti-terrorism legislation that allowed government departments like CSIS, the Canadian equivalent of the CIA, to turn over their information to enforcement branches like the FBI where the cell members could be picked up and held until prosecuted.  But this was America, and a man was presumed innocent until proven otherwise.  Probable Cause was one of the principles that made the country great.  And this was an untroubled time; at least it seemed so.  The question now remained whether the president’s luck would hold in the face of his cavalier attitude and behavior.  

Even though the whole world seemed to burst forth with the color and warmth of spring, a apprehensive feeling seemed to fill the vehicle as it traveled along, down the road to the White House.  The accompanying vehicles were in formation:  one ahead, and two behind.  Every cross street was caught on a surveillance camera and this method of guarding the presidential limo had always worked very well.  

Justin was paying attention but not expecting any type of incident, other than maybe a rainstorm and that wasn’t in the forecast today.  He had been looking off the main road to the sides of the street, which he had always found distracting because there was no barrier between the side of the limo, and anything that might come at them from the side.  The streets were completely clear and everything that needed to be done to ensure the president’s safety had been anticipated and yet Justin still felt like he was missing something.

“I still can’t get over the fact that they can’t just pick up those jerks in that cell and at least hold them or ship them back to Syria,” Justin said with a distinct tone of frustration and anger in his voice.

“I feel the same way you do, mostly because it would make our job a hell of a lot easier.”

“You sound like a news anchor when you say stupid things like that, sir. With all due respect of course.”

Ryan smiled at this remark.  He knew Justin had always been a bit of a hothead, a little more emotional than the average Service guy.  But if that was his only fault, that really wasn’t so bad.  Justin was still the best partner he’d ever had.  He could tell Justin anything in confidence and be sure it went no further.  Ryan could give him any order and it would be followed.  When Justin did question anything, it made good sense. He didn’t mind challenging authority when appropriate.  When he did there was always thorough analysis, good reasoning or even sometimes just good instinct that made his objection pertinent to the situation. 

Ryan was pretty easygoing, possibly because he had been in the Secret Service so long and had kept his charge safe.  By doing so, he had kept himself safe, as well.  Someone else might believe that if nothing had happened up to this point, there was no need to plan for it.  Justin knew better.

“Look, buddy, I think maybe you just need some time off.  You’ve been going at it pretty heavy for the last ten years.  Ever think of taking a small vacation, say a week or two.”

Justin seemed to be lost in thought, not paying attention, so Ryan just smiled again and leaned back a bit in his seat.

“I’m OK.  I’m just ranting a bit. You know me.”

“Yeah.  Just take it easy.  We’re almost there.   After we get things settled down inside the White House, I’ll get you some beer and wings from downstairs.  We’ll get the head chef to make them up for us and we’ll see how close we can come to relaxing.  How does that sound?”

“Yeah, let’s go for it.”

The road was clear as the limo moved tediously toward their destination.  As Justin looked away from his partner and back toward the side of the limo he caught a glimpse of a black Chevy Suburban moving at half their speed toward them.  It appeared to be a Secret Service vehicle and, at first glance, it presented no apparent danger to the limo.  It was still too far away to see the details of the license plate but something sounded an alarm bell in Justin’s head.

“Master Control, black Chevy Suburban approaching from twelve o’clock, low speed, advise.”  Justin already had his hand on his .357 SIG and was giving the ‘duck and cover’ signal with a downward sweep of his hand. “Black vehicle unauthorized, take evasive action.”

Justin’s window was down. No one else saw what happened.  All the occupants were on the floor now except for Justin and Ryan.  The approaching Suburban, realizing it had been made, swerved, and its driver might have lost control of the vehicle.  Justin expected the black-haired, clean-shaven man in the vehicle’s passenger seat to launch some kind of projectile, but the Suburban swerved toward the curb, changing its silhouette enough to give Justin a clear shot through the Suburban’s driver’s window.  Justin fired three shots and the car veered away.  As the two vehicles were passing, Justin punched the window buttons to raise the thick glass panels when another shot rang out.  Justin became aware of the splatter of blood on the dashboard and on his sleeve.  

His heart raced and his pulse pounded.  He grabbed for Ryan, now soaked in blood.  He saw fragments of plastic and torn clothing.  Ryan appeared shot through the arm and chest with a hollow point bullet. The attacking Suburban had burst into flame as though it had been hit with an incendiary round.  The fact was, the attacker had exploded the vehicle, perhaps realizing they were at risk of capture, and terminated the attack and themselves.

“Bethesda! Now!” he ordered the limo driver, who put his foot to the floor and they accelerated like a sprint car.

Justin could only hope they would make it in time. There was so much blood. The wound was so extensive he doubted that there was much chance.  He ripped his own jacket from his body and tore off the sleeve of his shirt using it to make a tourniquet above Ryan’s entry wound.  As they pulled into the hospital Emergency, the special units were all summoned and everyone else was sequestered as rapidly as possible.  Ryan was in good hands now and Justin informed Master Control that he was moving to a back-up vehicle with POTUS, to take him away to an alternate, designated location, a routine procedure whenever POTUS was at risk.

As they exited the limo and Ryan was lifted to a Stryker, the president looked over at Justin.  He had never seen the president look like this, so visibly shaken.

“The doctors wanted you to stay at the hospital for some observation time, Sir.” Justin informed him.

“No, I’ll be OK,” the president said weakly with little tone or inflection his voice.  “Just get me to that place of safety you mentioned.  I hate hospitals.”

“All right sir, but I needed to warn you.”

“I appreciate that, as much as I appreciate your selfless bravery back there.  Your exceptional service won’t go unnoticed or unrewarded.”

“Thank you, Mr. President.  The greatest reward for me now is for my partner, Ryan, to recover from this attack.” 

Justin’s voice was a little shaky, knowing there was slim chance of Ryan surviving his wound.

“My duty to this country, means everything to me, sir.”

“Yes, I know, I feel the same way.”

















CHAPTER 13

Aaron Keeling had fought the good fight to win the office of President, all the way with Nicole by his side.  She was his constant companion and the support member he had designed and engineered.  His was an intricate, political, machine, designed by him and his party, and unmatched in the history of the United States.  Money had poured into the president’s Political Action Committee bank accounts from every corner of the country.   From places everyone knew about to places not heard from in years and from some places no one had ever heard of.  The message was that America was a family.  This family had been formed to keep the populace cohesive and together.  Its entire purpose was to support and care for each one of its constituents, from birth to death.  From one generation to the next.

This seemed a little far-fetched and unachievable to most.  Fortunately, at least for Aaron, some others did not see through his created schemes of window dressing and self-aggrandizement.  Because they didn’t, his first campaign for President just steamed along.  Each day his lead increased incrementally and the rumors of his meanderings and improprieties when he was a California senator were written off much like a Hollywood movie star’s X-rated scandals. Even his poor decisions about watering restrictions on California agriculture and attempts to limit the population growth by requiring water usage impact reports for new construction in the state, quickly evaporated along with the water. All that was behind him now, thanks mainly to Alysia Weir.  

For many months he had fought with Nicole over her idea of hiring Alysia as his campaign director.  Every time Nicole confronted him, telling him of a major decision, needing clearance from Alysia, he would put up huge resistance. When he gave in and let Nicole propose whatever the question was to Alysia, the result was always a winner.  After a while, these irrefutable results were unsurprising, almost to the point of being eerie. 

By the fourth month, Nicole began pushing even harder.  Could they just meet with her, maybe over dinner?  Wouldn’t it be nice to find some way to thank her for all her input, especially considering she was only trying to help and all of her work was being done on a voluntary basis, for the Party?  Aaron had reaped all the benefits, after all, still with no comment.  This conjugal drama went on until the communication between them demanded a full, one-on-one, conference; one that could be postponed no longer.  A dinner meeting was arranged and Aaron knew exactly why and what it meant in the scheme of things.

As Aaron dressed in the suit Nicole had carefully laid out for him that evening he found himself reflecting on their meeting in college.  She was impetuous and beautiful and he was awestruck by her charm.  He saw her as a follower with a few ideas of her own, but nothing that resembled what she had become in the past few months.  She had taken to politics, even in the California senatorial race, with a real talent and ease that he would never have expected.  A pretty face and better than average brain was his first impression.  But either she had changed or he had missed something the first time round.  

The whole campaign had become easier with Nicole to count on every minute of every long day on the grueling trail to the highest office in the nation.  His thermal cup of coffee was by his bed when he awoke.  His calls for the day were all arranged in order of importance on his iPhone.  The finances of the campaign trail were listed on a spreadsheet and updated daily.  The position of his opponent and all their supporters, complete with the latest polls and trends were updated regularly, and this took such a load off of his shoulders, it was miraculous.  Not that there weren’t people in the party to do all these things, but no one like her.  Someone he could turn to in a matter of seconds to explain the details of any report or statistics that affected some matter of the campaign, the improper execution of which could damage his image and chance of success.  

Why not cooperate with her?  There was nothing to lose and everything to gain.  The Holy Grail was almost in reach.  To control the most powerful country in the world.  Many would give up their very soul to achieve such an accomplishment.  But what then?  Where does that man go from there?  Isn’t there a way to have the experience last, because of what it means to him?  An experience.  Not a lot different than buying his first sports car, his first house, any coveted possession that marked him as a success.  An icon, maybe.  Maybe like becoming a rock star.

“Are you almost ready, Aaron?”  Nicole’s voice jolted him back to reality.

“Yes, of course I am, I just need some help with these.”  He held out two black onyx and diamond cuff links she had given him for his birthday that year.  He wasn’t sure, but thought they might have been paid for as a part of the wardrobe allowance from the Party for his use on the campaign trail.

“I just don’t want to keep Alysia waiting.  She has taken the time, in spite of all the difficult things she does for all levels of the Party, to meet with us tonight and I think this is one of the best allies we have for this campaign.”

“I know you’re right.  I’m just not sure how far we should trust her.”

Nicole took a step backwards from Aaron and stared at him with a look of incredulity in her eyes.  She shook her head, seized his dress shirt with her free hand and began jabbing the cuff link through the heavily starched buttonhole.

“You mean you doubt her competence?”  Nicole’s eyes narrowed as she posed her catalytic question, poised her impending invective.

“No, I don’t.  I don’t doubt her ability, her veracity, her loyalty or her dedication.” 

What do I say now he thought to himself?  If I praise her too much I’m stuck.  If not enough praise, then what?  Either way I’m screwed.

“Well what then?  What?”  Nicole repeated.

“I hate to say this, but I just wonder what motivates the woman.”

“Oh come on, Aaron.  She’s smart, educated, experienced.  She’s alone with nothing else to do for one thing and she is passionate about this country.  A real patriot.  Not like the two of us.”

“Well, speak for yourself, my dear.”

“No, I didn’t mean it that way.”

“Well just how did you mean it then?”

Nicole paused to think, believing that she had been maneuvered just like some hypothetical witness on the witness stand.  She knew her next answer had better be a good one.  She stepped back from Aaron and took a deep breath then she looked up at him and smiled.

“You know we’re both tired and this should be a lovely evening to just relax, have a nice dinner, a little champagne and just enjoy ourselves.”

“You sure know how to schmooze, don’t you?”

“Taught by the best, and an eager learner.”  Nicole had her arms around his neck now and then there was the look.  What the hell, he thought.  I’m not going to turn down this lucky opportunity.  We can discuss politics later.  Much later.

“Yes, dear.  We can just take this project one step at a time.”

“Well she has helped a lot so far.”  Nicole paused.  “And besides, I like her.  I can talk to her and I trust her and you know me, I don’t say that very often about a lot of the women in politics.”  

“You’re right about that, a lot of them are just out to further their own agendas.”  

“I just don’t think she’s like that.”

“Woman’s intuition?”

“Partly.  I would not be forthcoming, as the saying goes, if I didn’t admit that.  But it’s more than that.  I have spent a lot of time with her.  I’ve watched her work and I really believe she just threw herself completely into the Party after she lost her husband.  She never talks about him, which makes me think she probably misses him terribly and that’s really hard on a woman.  She’s no social butterfly and she’s really down to earth and hard working.  There are men who like women like that but they certainly aren’t the majority.”

“I believe I know where all of this is going and I think we better discuss it here, ahead of time, before we go off to a public place and you spring something on me that I’m not ready for.”

“OK.  I’ll ask you point-blank,” Nicole stated boldly.

“Go for it!” Aaron smiled.  I’ll just bet she had every move of this chess game planned from the first gambit.

“I was hoping you would invite her to become our Campaign Adviser.”

“That’s pretty much what I surmised.”  If I don’t allow this, the campaign will become much more difficult.  I’ll lose some, if not all, of the loyalty of both these women and I can’t afford that either.

“What could a dumpy middle-aged attorney possibly do to a man like you that would be any kind of a threat?  Unless she was some kind of mole or criminal or something?”

“Oh no, she’s definitely not that.  I was just concerned about her being set on advancing her own itinerary at our expense.”

“Oh, Aaron, no!  You can’t tell me you would ever think that. Surely not.” 

“Maybe it’s just the pressure of the campaign, the lack of sleep, the stress.”

“I think so.  You know I want this as much as you do.”

“I know.”

Maybe more he thought as he smiled benignly at her.  ‘You will never learn that you can’t trust anybody, will you?’  he said to himself, as he picked up his wallet and called the Secret Service detail for the evening’s event.

“By the way, she told me she would never want to be president.”

“No?  That’s good.  Would you?” Aaron inquired.

“Not unless I get to watch you for eight years first.”












	CHAPTER 14


Justin Bradley was exactly the kind of man the Secret Service fully appreciated.  He had distinguished himself very early on in his career and had been awarded the Meritorious Service award for exceptional valor by President Michael Talford in recognition for saving his life that afternoon in May.  He had struggled with his problems dealing with the death of his partner, Ryan Beresky, the man who had made his current life possible.  He managed to maintain a dignified and positive image in spite of everything.  He had a new partner now, of his own choosing of course, but there would always be something missing from his life.  It would never be the same and he knew it.  

Peter DeCosta was a great guy.  He was greatly admired by the rest of the men and perfect for the president’s detail in most every way.  Maybe even a little too perfect.  It appeared that he never missed a thing.  He was punctilious, a marksman of distinction, and his reports were all beyond reproach.  DeCosta was young, being one of the youngest men in the service, and had been hired at the age of twenty-three, fresh out of Desert Storm. He possessed an awareness of danger Justin rarely saw in someone his age.  With Peter, Justin felt safe.  Maybe even a bit too safe.  Whenever they were transporting POTUS or supporting the president’s activities, no matter what, where or with whom, Peter was always exactly where he needed to be.  Justin would look over his shoulder or around an obstacle and there was Peter.  He was always there, ready and waiting for anything.

This day was different.  It started out routinely enough.  Just another press conference for President Talford.  Pressers were common in this administration.  Eagle - his code name in Comms -, was a conscientious soul and believed in keeping the citizens informed on all matters that he felt directly impacted their lives.  He rarely criticized past presidents and never made disparaging comments as some former presidents had about others that had held the same office.  He ran on common sense.  A rare fuel.

Talford was ready and met Justin, and his detail, in the Oval Office after the morning briefing.  The light was filtering softly through the window and seemed to land on the rug in large soft pools of brightness that made the nap look as though it was ethereally energized. 

“Is this conference going to be very long, Mr. President?” Justin inquired.

“No, I don’t expect so.  I’m just going to talk about recent mobilizations in the Middle East.  I know there’s a lot of backlash towards re-starting the war and I just want to nip it in the bud, so to speak.”

“Are you going to make a formal statement then?”

“Not really.  I’m going to speak, yes.  But formally…no.  I want to be sure everybody has an opportunity to ask questions they feel are important.  If reporters want to stay on, to ask related questions, don’t stop them.  When I’m ready to quit, I’ll just give Justin here the high sign and you guys can close in and walk me out.”

“Yes, Mr. President.”  Justin knew Talford always had a clear time sense when it came to his timetable, which made life and his job a lot easier for Justin.

As they filed out of the office, and into the elevator, Talford looked right at Justin.

“I understand there’s a reporter wandering around in DC now from the Post.  She has put in a request to interview you.  I just got it yesterday.”

“Me,” Justin reacted. “Why me?”

“The memo says she is looking to do a follow-up article on our little encounter on Pennsylvania Avenue last spring.  Kind of a human interest/news column to assure the public that all is well and you are still hanging in there with all the same enthusiasm and gusto you showed that day in May.”  The president smiled.

“I see.” 

 Justin really wasn’t sure what Talford wanted him to say.  Maybe she just likes me.  Maybe she wants to pick my brains to further her career. Do I really need this?  As the elevator door closed Talford reached into his jacket pocket. He pulled out the very memo, handing it to him.  

“It’s up to you.  I didn’t answer it, but you have my unofficial approval to deal with her as you see fit.  Her request is complete with a picture so that could be a dealmaker.”

“Not breaker?  I take it the picture passed Presidential scrutiny?”

“Absolutely.”

“Well, you are certainly known for your impeccable taste, Mr. President.”

“Thank you.  Then I assume she passes your test.”

“I’ll set up a meeting as soon as the conference is over today and make a point of insuring our image is positively enhanced by the press.  These people make or break the best and the worst.”

“Yes, and their power is not to be ignored, and they know it.”

As the elevator door opened and the party filed out to the area cordoned off for the president’s address Justin couldn’t help but suspect that he had been set up for the meeting, and for some reason.  Talford could be elusive at times so Justin decided he would have to take some time that evening and find a less formal place than his office to meet with this reporter.

As soon as the conference ended and Talford was delivered back to the Oval Office Justin Bradley excused himself, and began to evaluate things. He settled himself in his small office and took out the memo.  Talford was right.  What a resume!  And the best part was that she was a syndicated columnist.  This was good because there were no competing news networks to answer to.  This would give him some leeway to ask her questions and to try to determine her agenda.   He dialed his phone, expecting to leave a message for her.  There was but one ring.

“Pinkerton Syndication,” a very businesslike, female voice answered.

“I’d like to speak to Andrea Pinkerton.”

“This is she.”

“Oh good.  This is Justin Bradley, calling to confirm the receipt of your request for an interview.”

“How soon would you be available, Mr. Bradley?”

“As early as tomorrow, if convenient.  Name the spot.” Bradley said.

“There’s a little pub on the east side of town call McHenry’s.  Do you know it?” Andrea said without hesitation.

“Yes, as a matter of fact the boys in my detail sometimes go there for a small bit of social life.”

“That’s wonderful.  Can we do lunch tomorrow then?”

“That is doable, yes.”

“What is the most convenient time, Mr. Bradley?”

“Please, call me Justin.  How does one o’clock sound?”

“I’ll look forward to it.”

“Yes, me too.  I have your bio here, complete with picture.  You do understand there will be some security involved?”

“Yes,” Andrea said. “That won’t be a problem either.”

“One o’clock, then?”

Andrea Pinkerton was a lovely lady and had a great appreciation for good people.  She didn’t come from a spectacular background, but had worked her way through college and the Chicago School of Journalism.  Working hard on the weekends as a proofreader, she built up a few friends and contacts at the Chicago Tribune.  Being interested in critical analysis in all subjects, she found ordinary newspaper reporting too constrictive and vowed to establish herself on her own.  She filled in for columnists when they went on vacation or needed a break and soon networked herself into a group of journalists with whom she shared ideas and, in some cases, purpose.

Twenty years had passed since she graduated from college and for most of those years she lived with and cared for her brother who had just recently died from the complications associated with multiple sclerosis.  Unable to face living in the old house where she had struggled to manage his illness, she bought a new condominium in DC.  She laid it out and decorated it so that it could serve as a residence and office combined.  This way she was free to do business, or not, as a syndicated columnist.  She was always interested in a new angle on the state of the country and would discuss matters of politics at any hour of the day or night.  With the right person, of course.

Justin Bradley was impressed.  Not that he was easy to be impressed because he wasn’t.  But this time he was actually a little stunned.  He didn’t know why.  He was struck by this woman, who had done little more than have a three-minute conversation with him.  Someone whose picture had just shown up on his desk - via whatever means.  It wasn’t because Talford had been involved in its delivery to him.  So, what was it?  Was it because she was a syndicated columnist?  He had met several well-qualified women in that line of work.  Of course that meant she had some brains.  That went without saying.  But why had Talford been so anxious for him to become involved with the press and, more specifically, with Andrea Pinkerton?

He found himself looking forward to this encounter with her.  He hadn’t really thought of much except work in a long time.  Maybe too long.  But that wasn’t the point.  The point was Talford must have a purpose in arranging this thing and as much as he thought about it, he still could not fully comprehend what it was.  He knew Talford’s presidency was just about over and he worried that Aaron Keeling was going to be the new man on the block, but that could wait.  Right now he had to meet this woman.  Size her up to see if his relationship with her could be of any benefit to the office he so closely guarded.

As he drove into the pub’s parking lot he became aware that there was only one car parked over in a corner, almost as though it belonged to someone who was just using the lot to park and to go somewhere else.  People commonly do that in DC.  It was a conservative vehicle.  A bit different from the usual DC crowd.  It was a Saab, but the plates were from Maine.  He wondered if the car was hers or if she had been dropped off by limo, which was also common for anyone with any connection or some standing in the press corps.

As soon as he opened the door of the pub he recognized her from the picture on her resume, sitting in a corner with a bright smile on her face.  He gave her a friendly nod and walked towards her without stopping to acknowledge the waiter who stepped back in an effort to clear his path across the room.  She stood as he approached her table and reached out her arm in a warm and welcoming manner to greet him and shake hands.  Not the usual behavior for a female media icon.  This was strange but not unwelcome.  He met her grasp with a firm but friendly return and the two sat down almost in unison.  

“This is a real honor for me, Mr. Bradley,” she announced.

“It’s quite an honor for me, too.  What have I done to deserve this kind of media interest?”

“It’s more a matter of recognition, from my point of view.”

“For what?”

“Really?  Mr. Bradley?”

“Please, just call me Justin.  There’s no need to be formal as far as I’m concerned.

“Of course, you did say that,.  Now Justin, how can you be so off-handed about such a heroic act that saved the president’s life?”

“That was a year ago and we have a new president on the way now.  That’s old news.”

“That may be, but you’re not.  If Aaron Keeling is elected he will be one of this country’s luckiest presidents because he will have one of its most distinguished Secret Service men to guard him.”

Justin could feel his color rising and the collar of his shirt tightening around his neck.  This guy wasn’t even elected yet and everybody almost took for granted that he was going to be the next president.  Justin wasn’t even sure he wanted him to be president even though it wouldn’t make any difference when it came to guarding him.  The service and dedication were the same because it was the office that was being guarded.  He was sure there were many times in the history of the United States that the country had come before the man in that office.

“You know he may not win the election, don’t you?”

“You probably think I’m just taking it for granted like everyone else.”

“That’s what’s bothering me.  I know you’re not just like everybody else.  I’ve seen you on TV and watched a few of your interviews over the last couple of years and you are definitely not like anybody else.  So what is the fascination with this man?  Are you concerned about his future security?” 

Anne, as she called herself, was a woman of distinction.  Even when he asked her for her opinion she was calm and methodical.  She didn’t just jump into a raging argument, interrupt and change the subject.  She sat there calmly and quietly and collected her thoughts.  She let him talk and say what he needed to say, almost to the point of passivity and still made no concerted effort to say much.

“I don’t know, but I can tell you this for sure.”  She smiled.  “Aaron Keeling, or any other man who becomes president, will be one lucky man to have you on his side.”

So was she just being a politician?  Was she just that polished?  Did she have a lot of respect for men?  A pleasant and welcome change from any female reporter he had ever met.  This would have to be a first.

“So what is the real reason you wanted so badly to interview me?”  

Justin was smiling as well.  Anne sat up straight and looked him right in the eye as though she was going say something really profound, or at least maybe quite important.

“I don’t think the public really appreciates the special job that the Secret Service does for this country and how much we all depend on them to do something we all just take for granted.  I also believe they don’t have any idea how dangerous and grueling the guarding of a man who has the whole world at his finger-tips can be.  The enemies that lurk and the mosaic of possible threats that confront everything they do.  They don’t realize that without you and the rest of the men like you the job of the president would be an impossible challenge to address.”

“Stop, please.  You’re going to verge on a little embarrassment here.  But seriously, I know you’re right and I know everyday that if I can just keep safe my charge, the day’s work is done.  And that’s what I attempt to do.  Just one day at a time.”

“Can I quote you on that Justin?”

“For the record?”

“No, for your record.  Here’s my request.  Just give me a date and time and it doesn’t have to be done at the White House.”

“But you would prefer it?”

“Well yes.”

“OK.  Let me get back to my office, I’ll check my schedule.”

“Here’s my card,” Anne said as she handed it to him. “I’ve written the number of my private cell on there.  You can call me on it 24/7.  I usually don’t give that out to anybody, but for some reason I feel safe with you.”  She smiled, a little more coyly this time.

“I appreciate that and I’ll call you as soon as I think we can set something up.”

“Possibly next week?”

“Quite possibly.”

He hoped.  Looking good, he thought.  Very good.












	CHAPTER 15


Houston was about to explode.  Searchlights, tri-color patriotic fireworks, and light shows with distorted, earsplitting, martial music comprised the warm-up for the festive event.  Biggest in the history of Houston, as far back as anybody could remember.  Strictly political, you understand.  Not to be misconstrued.  Not to be exaggerated.  Heaven forbid.  Was that the politically correct to say?    Aaron Keeling was about to give his acceptance speech.  All the votes were in and, even though some precinct workers were still counting votes in hopes of a miscount, it was unlikely that there was anything short of a new Declaration of Independence that would change the outcome.

The new Astrodome was the perfect spot for this.  For a few years before it was renovated, many other venues were considered.  Most people felt The Dome should just be up-graded, left the way it was, but progress had its way with this old dinosaur and the city of Houston moved on.  It was now truly the Eighth Wonder of the World, or maybe only the sixth or seventh.  

The “bones” of the original structure had been preserved and retrofitted for earthquake safety even though Houston wasn’t even near a fault.  In fact, it was above it.  Fault that is.  It was perfect.  Entrances from every cardinal point that led onto a beautiful, manicured, grounds, as perfect as anything could be, including Martha’s Vineyard.  Groups of park benches in clusters of four, six and eight adorned the landscape, making casual gathering a pleasure.  Resembling living rooms, al fresco.  Quaint, but not tacky.  You couldn’t help but love it. The park was perfectly round with the Dome in the center.  The central dome housed the Hall of Fame filed with pictures and statuary of all the baseball greats who’d made the original dome famous.  

It was estimated that a crowd of about twenty thousand would fill the grassy area while the dome would be reserved for Party cronies and, of course, the newly elected president, himself.  The event came complete with bars, a band, and beauties invited from the last Miss America pageant to provide a little added relief, from and for, the older, regular, party event-goers.

Aaron wasn’t the least bit nervous.  He had been staring intently from one Teleprompter to the other all evening and was now over 99 percent sure of the outcome of this election.  He had memorized his acceptance speech more than three weeks before the election.  Everything had fallen into place.  Every visible flaw in his campaign had been carefully masked so that only those who knew all the facts had a real sense for what had gone into the creation of this “Man For All The People” image, which was the basis of his election.  Perfection was something Aaron demanded, and got, from everyone who worked for him.  If not, they were gone, and so was their reputation.  Cut into little pieces like so much confetti and strewn about the political arena in a manner that defied restoration.

Nicole and Alysia had spent the whole day helping put up decorations, in spite of the fact that a professional caterer cleared by the Secret Service handled all of the decoration of the reception area.  The Service guys were everywhere watching every move and anticipating others.  They were all required to co-ordinate with Justin Bradley who had been on duty for the last 18 hours.  So all of the players were now together in full force to witness the first act of Aaron’s opening night performance. He had choreographed it every step of the way but those who felt they had contributed something to his success, went unrewarded.  Aaron simply believed that anyone who had volunteered to help him would have achieved the same result. Just like flipping hamburgers.  Not really held in high regard. No accolades handed out to anyone.  

Not by him.

The dome was full of waiters in black tuxes and politicians dressed the same, although in Armani and Zenni.  Their ages and motility differentiated them.  The staff was scurrying here and there setting up stacks of champagne glasses and shelves of wine and champagne.   There were so many flowers that, if you weren’t privy to the nature of the celebration, it might be mistaken for a wedding.  

Nicole approached Aaron by ducking under the roped stanchions on the periphery of the stage located at the center of the dome.  

“How much longer?  Does anyone know yet?” she asked, patting her hairdo, checking for loose tendrils.

“I know they have declared me the winner, but that’s all I know.  I’m waiting for the TV guys here to tell me when.”

“Oh good!  I’ll get back over to Alysia and finish checking out the last minute things.”

“No.  You better stay here with me. This thing could be called any minute and I don’t want to have to search through this maze of people for you.”

“Who will tell Alysia?”

“Alysia, Alysia, that’s all you ever talk about any more.  I’m getting just a little tired of this, to say the least,” Aaron said, his voice giving off a definite air of annoyance.

“You owe her everything!”  Nicole announced loud enough that some of the people around her stopped what they were doing to look up at the ongoing discussion that was quickly escalating to something more.

“I owe her nothing!” Aaron said emphatically.  “Anyone could have done what she did.  She is well paid.”

“Aaron, that’s really not fair.”

“Fair?  What’s fair got to do with it?  I have worked my whole life since before high school for this night and you’re not going to tell me that some five-foot-three, mousy, attorney, wannabe politician has made me what I am today.  You don’t really think I’m stupid enough to buy that one, do you?”

Nicole looked around and realized that there were too many ears listening to this spontaneous rant that Aaron was foisting upon the participants of the victory party.  She was always aware of how she appeared to the people around her, especially the public in general.

“If you need anything, just tell me now.  Oh, there’s Michelle, I’m just going to talk to her for a moment, and no, don’t worry, and I’m just going to tell her something.  I’m not going anywhere.” 

He’s really on his high horse tonight, Nicole thought as she whispered last minute instructions and a message for Alysia to her assistant, Michelle.  Nicole didn’t dare just walk away on Alysia on a night as important as this one and she sure didn’t want remarks like Aaron’s getting back to her.  Tonight had to go perfectly.  No glitches, no mistakes.  This was the most important night of their lives.

Justin Bradley was at the hotel banquet room with President Michael Douglas Talford, a man he respected and admired more than anyone else. He knew the announcement was just minutes away and was kept constantly busy with the president and his liaison with the Houston Astrodome.  He felt an emptiness he couldn’t really explain.  He had been so proud to be in the Secret Service; to serve a president like Lion, Talford’s code name.  But this new guy.  Who was he?  He had no background to speak of and very little to either recommend, or condemn, him.  He was simply an enigma. 

A hand touched Justin’s shoulder and he turned abruptly to look right into Talford’s face.

“You know this will be the end of my presidency, Justin.”  

“No, we’ll always call you Mr. President, that’s the way it’s done around here.”

“I just want you to know how much I appreciate everything you have sacrificed for me since I’ve been in office.”

“Just part of the service, Mr. President.”  

“Just thought you should know, Mr. Bradley.”

“Thank you, sir.”

Justin Bradley listened to President Talford make his concession speech acknowledging Aaron Keeling’s victory.  A sad day.  Nothing for him to celebrate.  He knew Anne Pinkerton felt the same and wondered what her story would be for the press, tomorrow.  She was at the victory party, of course, but he would certainly see her later allowing them to compare notes.  They had become good friends now and she was as much help to his cause, in many instances, as she was to his. 

He knew that a story was unfolding now that probably would change the course of history as he knew it.



 








CHAPTER 16


Justin Bradley had no friends.  At least, none in the conventional sense.  No club affiliations, no hobbies, no pastimes, no social life except the occasional contact made in the line of duty.  When, as a boy in school, the teachers all had the same analysis of him.  Their reports said he behaved well, but he seemed to lack the ability to integrate socially.  At one point the school called in a social worker from the County who spent two hours talking with him.  Two weeks later, her report stated, as a fact that he had Attention Deficit Disorder and lacked the ability to make friends because of poor socialization habits learned before he reached school age.  

Andrea Pinkerton, on the other hand, was the exact opposite.  She had so many connections between Face Book, Twitter, and the other social media that she had become, literally, a household word.  And, she didn’t even have a job.  She had luncheons to attend every day, and dinner parties most evenings.  In DC, one can go like a whirling dervish, and everyone will notice you, eventually. They’ll claim to be your friend, or foe, depending on your following and whom you claim to represent.  

Anne didn’t claim to represent anybody.  She was a syndicated columnist and basically represented only herself.  Even those who claimed to be her followers were called up short on occasion. She was powerful.  People looked to her for direction and, best of all, for political gossip.  If a man had written what she wrote he could never have survived.  She wrote about things on the Hill both men and women were interested in, and collected all the dirt that would fit in an article, like a high-suction vacuum cleaner.

This made Andrea and Justin a good fit for a long-standing and pleasant friendship.  He was the only true friend she had, because everyone else was fearful of her.  She was his sole ally, because his real buddy was dead and no one else could take his place in terms of comradeship and trust.  Politics make strange bedfellows, which they weren’t.  It had crossed her mind from time to time because Justin was striking to look at, along with other things.  His hair had now gone prematurely gray and he looked distinguished, as well as handsome.  The only sport he enjoyed was racquetball and, because he was such a high level player, there was no need for him to go to a gym as she did, six mornings a week. 

He worked, essentially, twenty-four hours a day.  Not much of a life for a romantic man.  When he wasn’t with the president, he was on-call and many nights he was called at home, out of a sound sleep.  But Anne was as close as he had come to succumbing to lust and allure and, he kept saying to himself, maybe some day.  But they needed each other as companions, if nothing else, and were emotionally inseparable.  Every Tuesday, which had been his only day off for longer than he could remember, they met for a two-hour lunch.  It was the high point of his week and he looked forward to it more than any other social event he was involved in.

They even had their own little eatery where they could be found on Tuesdays, at twelve o’clock, ordering the Tuesday Special, which was usually grilled snapper.  Not something Justin particularly cared for because he wasn’t a fish kind of guy, but Andrea had a pleasant figure, which she took care of more than most other women her age.  Still, she was over forty.    But age hadn’t been a topic of discussion. Justin, taking into account her taste in popular music, clothes and food, at between forty-two and forty-five.  He, himself, would be forty-eight this year.  

So, today would be one of those nice, summer lunches.  I was now eleven o’clock, and he was already heading out.  The traffic on the Hill was never predictable and, if you got caught in a parade route, traffic could tie you up for an hour or more.  

The weather was hot, but not as humid as usual.  A suit was bearable and even though the Normandy was a somewhat dingy cafe, it did have air conditioning, making an inside lunch more appealing.  He parked his car at the curb, putting the EXEMPT license tag to good use.  He pulled up and, seeing her Lexus 430, wondered how she always managed to outmaneuver him by arriving at the restaurant before him.

He entered the restaurant and preceded to the table they considered theirs.  He asked cheerfully, “Well, I see you’re ready for just about anything.  How long have you been here?” 

“Well, actually I just got here myself and, miracle of miracles, there was a parking place right there for me.

“I felt I was early enough that I might actually finish one of my reports while I waited.”

“Oh, that’s wonderful.  Can I read what you’ve got so far?  Just to check the spelling and grammar of course?”

“Of course.  Now, Andrea, my friend…surely I can call you that?”

“By all means, but don’t call me Shirley.”

“Oh, you must be up to something.”

“Why?”

“You’re in far too good a mood for a Tuesday.”

“That’s because I’m having lunch with you.”

“So much for the report.”  Justin sat back, staring at the glass of ice water, sweating on the table in front of him.

“Well, I do have something to report that I bet you don’t know yet.”

“That’s not very likely, but shoot.”

“You know Aaron is up for re-election and has announced he’ll run again?”

“Of course.”

“Well rumor has it that he’s got a new girlfriend. A real fox.”

“That’s absurd.”

“No, really, that’s the word on Capitol Hill, right now.”

“Oh really, then how come I haven’t heard it?”

“Because Alysia Weir let it slip at a fund-raiser just last night.  Apparently he’s been seeing someone on the sly at night, somewhere.  Any ideas?”

“None that I know of.”

“Not that anybody knows about.”

“Well, somebody must know, or there wouldn’t be a rumor.” 

“ Are you telling me you haven’t heard anything at all?”

“You do know that if I had heard anything at all, I absolutely couldn’t tell you anything.  That would make it worse.”

“So, if you hadn’t heard anything you could tell me, right?  Or is that classified too?”

“It’s only classified if it exists.”

“So, are you telling me this isn’t happening or that it doesn’t happen?”

“No, I can’t tell you either.”  Justin was becoming flustered.

“Because that would be a lie?  Right?”

“I think we should change the subject.”

“Ah!  So it is true!”  Andrea knew she was on the right track.

“If you think like a woman, you can make anything true, right?”  Justin was just about worn down by this argument he thought about what it would be like, just for once, to be with Anne and not be on the defensive.  Is this woman just putting me on?  Or does she really think I’m that stupid? 

“Aaron’s smarter than that.  This would put all kinds of roadblocks in his way.  Make all kinds of problems for him.” Justin said with an air of incredulity in his voice.  This guy has to be nuts.  He’ll have his wife hanging on everything he does and who he does it with.  She does enough now to run the show.  This will make her director and producer. He will have to settle for just being an extra if she has her way. 

“It gets better.  Do you want to hear the rest?”

“Might as well.  I’ve heard this much.”

“Just think of it as a scouting mission.”

“You are something else, my dear.”

“No, wait.  Don’t you want to know the facts?”

“Tell me the facts.”

“It seems this lady…young lady...”

“Of course.”

“This woman is a sort of Hollywood icon.  More a singer than anything else.”

“Acting that bad?”

“You’re about to hear about it.  You decide.”  Andrea paused and soldiered on. “It seems she is in the process of negotiating to buy Bob Hope’s old house in Palm Springs, all twenty-three thousand square feet of it.  She is also a member of the Country Club at La Quinta.  It’s the best one in the area.  She’s dangling all of this under his nose.”

“Oh, really?”  Justin tried to sound amazed at Anne’s recounting.

“Don’t you want to know who she is?”

“No.  Not really, but I’m sure you’re going to tell me.”  He smiled and rolled his eyes for more emphasis.

“It’s Sabrina Gibbons.”

“The stripper?”  Justin laughed out loud.

“It gets even better.  Rumor also has it that she has been sneaking into the White House
at night through the old escape route which includes a ride up the old dumb waiter that rides between the basement and the kitchen and then  through the camouflaged, paneled door into the bedroom for midnight rendezvous throughout the White House.  How do you like that?”

“You seem to like it.  Kind of smug, I’d say.”  Justin looked at her with great amazement and just thought about how she had come to be where she was in her career now.  The youngest and one of the few American syndicated columnists.  Not hard to see why.  What was he going to say to discourage this?  You crazy lady, you’re going to get yourself killed.  Maybe you better just back off and reassess where you are in all of this.

“You don’t understand.  This arrogant bastard thinks he’s exempt.  He isn’t really running the country.  He busy off having affairs, playing golf and raising money for the party.  Then he takes off and goes around the world, which he seems to do every four months, what’s he doing then?”

“You mean like Nero?”

“Yeah.  Like Nero.  Only it’s America that’s going to burn not Rome.”

“I think you’re a little naïve, my dear.  A lot of presidents have had mistresses.  Some even with movie stars, as you know.  That was never really the end of them.  Not most of them anyway.  Sure their wives object if they know, but women throw themselves at them all the time.”

“And what’s a guy to do?  Right?”

“No, seriously.  It’s not my job to sit in judgment of the president.”

“No matter what he does?”

“That’s right.  There are other branches of the government that handle those kinds of problems.  Look, I have my hands full just trying to keep him alive from one day to the next.”

“And you do a good job of that, as far as I’m concerned.”

“Good.  Now can we order lunch?”

“Oh, by all means, if you want to miss the best part.”

“I can hardly wait.”  Justin smiled and put his menu back down on the table beside his water glass in eager anticipation of the next bombshell.

“Rumor has it, she’s already pregnant.”

“Why did I know you were going to say that?”

“Because you already knew.”

“Not really.”

“Yes, really.”
   

  











CHAPTER 17


The storm was blowing hard with snowflakes hitting the windows mercilessly, building up against the frames, and making it impossible to see out.  A thin coating of rime ice covered the panes, forming a barrier to the view and meager defense from the continuous wind.  This was becoming one of the coldest winters ever recorded on Capitol Hill and it wasn’t surprising that most every government official sought warmer shelter in more clement locations.  But not the new Presidential Assistant. Alysia Weir was dedicated and appreciated the beauty of the monstrous cold and the attendant privacy it allowed.  

She strode into the Oval Office each morning at five-thirty to check to see that everything was in its proper place.  Even though the evening cleaning staff had their jobs and were supervised to do these things, she took it upon herself to make the final check to make sure the day’s schedule ran smoothly and to her satisfaction.  She was the classic perfectionist.  

Aaron Keeling had been in office, some would say command, for five years.  He was comfortably ensconced in his second term and Alysia was the paramount reason his reputation and tenure had stayed intact.  Unmarred, as compared to other presidents, but still the man certainly had feet of clay and Alysia was always there to fill his fragile shoes, when necessary.

As the structure of Aaron Keeling’s presidency evolved from President-elect to President, Alysia had become his alter ego. When Mr. President was off performing the duties of his office, under the direction of Alysia Weir, he didn’t have to worry about anything at the White House.   Alysia was always there.  Any task that the president had not finished, and in some cases not even started, was completed by her.  In some cases it was done in its entirety with no direction from him and really no criticism for the outcome when it was completed. If he even knew about it.

Alysia was expecting the president to arrive at the Capitol today.  Air Force One would fly him in late in the afternoon and there would be a meeting around four o’clock in the Oval Office.  She would be ready.  The office would be ready.  As she arranged some briefing documents on the desk she looked up inadvertently and realized Nicole was standing across from her, scrutinizing her closely.

“What are you doing here at this hour?”  Nicole asked as Alysia took a half step backwards more because she was startled to see Nicole than anything else.

“I could ask you the same thing.” Alysia said.

“I just couldn’t sleep.” Nicole countered.

“So you thought you’d get up and dress for the day. Maybe to look out at the snow and think about what you’d like to do?”

“Not really.”

“OK, what then?”

“I had a feeling you’d be up here and I thought maybe we might get some coffee together, somewhere.” Nicole’s voice was halting. 

“You know that’s not possible without the Secret Service guys hanging around.”

“So how do you suggest we go about this?” Nicole inquired quietly.

“Having coffee, you mean?”  Alysia asked.  She already knew the answer.  There were lots of empty rooms around.  The library was on the same floor and provided a cozy corner to sit and talk without arousing much interest of staff or security at that hour of the morning.

“Tell you what.  My intern hasn’t arrived yet, needless to say.  In this snow she may actually be pretty late.  Why don’t you go down to the library and find one of those nice wingback chairs in the corner of the room and wait for me.  It will give me time to run back to my office to grab two cups of coffee and maybe some cookies.  Have you eaten breakfast yet?”

“No, of course not.  Look at the time.”

“Fine.  Then you’ll like a couple of chocolate chip cookies, am I right?”  Alysia always knew.

“Yes, thank you.”  Nicole smiled broadly, looking more at ease than when the conversation began. Alysia returned the smile and took Nicole’s hand and quickly led her out of the office to the hall sending her down to the library, while she hurried back to her office for the refreshments.

“See you in home room.”  Nicole smiled again as they parted company.

As Nicole settled into the chair she couldn’t help but think about Alysia and how she had made her life tolerable, even pleasant at times, since Aaron had ascended to the highest office in the land.  Every day for the first two years it seemed as though some developing menace was staring at her, but Alysia was always there to soften the blow and light the way.  After a while it became a routine.  Something Nicole not only tolerated, but also actually looked forward to.  Today was different.  There were no easy answers to today’s problem.  Or were there?

Alysia appeared magically at the doorway with a butler’s tray in hand.  On the tray was a “flag” liner and a carafe of coffee, two cups and saucers, two spoons, two napkins, sugar, cream and a plate of homemade chocolate chip cookies stacked alongside.  She set the tray down on the main conference table and took the coffees to the small table where Nicole sat like a queen presiding over the castle waiting for service.  Alysia was happy to do this because she knew her future was assured as long as there was a need for her.

“So what do you think caused this morning’s somnambulism which took you to the Oval Office at such an early hour?”  Alysia asked.

“Does there have to be a reason?”

“Knowing you, yes.”

“You know me too well.” Nicole announced. This disturbed her just a bit.  She was so fond of Alysia and was much more dependent on her than she wanted to admit, even to herself.  I wonder if she knows the rumors going around The Hill right now. The rumors about Sabrina Gibbons, Aaron’s favorite dessert, better known in polite circles as the Capitol Tart.  No need to say much.  Alysia knew everything.  She told nothing.  That’s how she had gotten where she was.  She was inscrutable. 

“You can ask me.  I can’t necessarily give you an answer.  But I can certainly see what I can do to help.”

There was something about the way Alysia said this that told Nicole there was something she needed to say.  She thought for a few seconds.  Just long enough to let the voices in her head die down to the point that her anger came back under control.  

“I bet you know what’s going on?”

“I usually do.”

“That’s not what I’m asking you.”

“I didn’t suspect it was.”

“I don’t want to play these games.”

“Neither do I.”

“Then don’t play them.”

“Then ask me.”

“It’s personal.”

“Yes.”

“I mean it’s girl stuff.”

“I know. I know.”

“But you aren’t going to tell me, are you?”

At this point Alysia got up out of her chair and walked toward one of two small windows at either end of the room and looked out over the ice crystals at the blowing snow.  It had decorated and frozen all the statuary, the fence around the building, the cars of all the night staff; every bush, tree or shrub was covered with icicles and snow.  Everything in its path.

“If you want to win this battle I have one suggestion for you.”

“What about my question?”

“Listen to me,” Alysia said this in all seriousness and Nicole knew she dared not interrupt her again.  “I fought hard to get to where I am today and I’m happy to be here.  If you want any measure of success in this thing I want you to listen to me and take what I have to say very seriously.  Otherwise don’t come to me again for any serious advice.  Do you understand?”

“Yes,” Nicole said quietly and meekly.

“You are a law school graduate and you have watched this game being played for five years now.  You have been on board and you are smart.  You have learned all the ins and outs.  Much more than any other president’s wife in the history of the office.  So here is my advice.  First, don’t be taken in by the problems of your husband.  You can use this to your advantage.  Let him know, subtly mind you, that you are aware of your surroundings and you are prepared to be his backer if he will be yours.  Am I making myself perfectly clear?”  Alysia stopped talking abruptly and a poignant silence filled the room.

“Are you saying that I should try to run for president at the end of his term?”

“I’m not saying anything.  I am just saying that there are times when you can turn shame and hurt into a pleasant victory.  Not just for you but for your family and this country.”

“How am I going to do this?”

“That’s for you to figure out.”

“So you’re with me then?”

“I am here to serve the president and his interests.  You are one of those interests.  Do you understand what I’m telling you?”

“Yes, I believe I do.  You are a good friend, Alysia.”

“I do my part.”

Alysia was telling the truth.  She envisioned a resolution of Nicole’s problems with her philandering husband, one that would benefit them both.  It would be so subtle at first that no one would imagine that it could happen because it had never happened before and was, therefore, unpredictable.  A coup for the Keelings.  A new high for a governmental regime to give stability and purpose to a family of politicians.  A new era was about to be born and she, Alysia Weir, would be part of The New Order, which would then become legend in American politics. 

 Alysia’s cell phone rang, jarring her out of her brief reverie.  

“It’s Justin.”  She answered her phone.  “Yes, Justin.  Yes, it’s OK if you’re early, we’re up and ready for you.  Nicole is right here with me as a matter of fact; we were just having a nice cup of coffee in the library.  We’ll see you and POTUS here in twenty minutes, then.”  Alysia smiled, clicking off her phone.

“We’re ready aren’t we, Nicole?”

“You better believe we are!”



  














CHAPTER 18




It was a great thrill to achieve his dream and goal of becoming the President of the United States.  Lots of people dream, but only forty or so had achieved, what Aaron Keeling had done.  He occasionally thought about the old proverb; be careful what you wish for.  He knew his life had changed significantly.  When he was running for office he became familiar with all the security assets that surrounded him.  The truth was that if he had been a criminal and had broken the law, he would have been assigned to a correctional facility where he would have more privacy than he had now.  From the time Aaron left his bedroom in the morning until he walked back into it at night, he was never alone.  He could have been famous rock star, movie star or sports hero and had far more privacy than he currently was afforded by virtue of his office of government.  When he had been a little kid his mother and father would allow him to have a little fun once in a while.  These guys in the Secret Service weren’t that easy to get away from.  

Justin Bradley and his fellow agents monitored him day and night.  The best he could do was to briefly get out of earshot and even that he had to plan.  He had gotten to the point of utter frustration and decided he needed a hobby.  Something to occupy him so he might attain at least a semblance of autonomy for a short while.  He wondered if the Queen of England was watched with the same kind of scrutiny as he.  Somehow he doubted that any head of state in the world was put under the microscope more than he was. 

Late at night, after they were alone in the apartment, Aaron would kiss Nicole, excuse himself, pour himself a snifter of Napoleon brandy, and slink off to his study.  Surrounded by his favorite pictures and books and with the sound system playing some cool jazz.  He sat and daydreamed for, what seemed like, hours.  He remembered the first day he had walked into the White House carrying his briefcase and trying not to obsess about his newly acquired claustrophobia.

Aaron finally came to a conclusion.  He would fulfill a life dream. He would have his hobby.  One night, when he was engaged in one of his exercises in creative cognition, he remembered vaguely the old sailboat his dad used to take him out on in California.  He had been 14, living in a small town called Summerland, at the time.  There was a small town up the coast that had a small marina that was affordable and provided safe moorage.  It was just a small sailboat and he could not even remember what make of boat it was, although he did remember it was a sloop-rigged, 21-footer.  He also remembered the first time they sailed and how sick he had become. 

It had been a beautiful day, early in the summer.  The sun glistened like a many-faceted diamond amid the pale blue ripples of water that surrounded its reflection.  A moderate, quartering breeze blew across the bow of the boat causing spray to rise.  All in all, a sailor’s dream.  The only problem was, he wasn’t a sailor.  Not yet anyway.  He spent most of the short sail, if you could call it that, sitting curled up in a ball near the rail with his arms hugging his sides tightly and praying for it to all end soon.

His father appeared at his side, interrupting his moment of misery with the offer of a cup of water and a little white pill called Dramamine.  About thirty minutes later he was up on his feet, still holding on and looking offshore at the massive oilrigs standing unchallenged, for the time being at least, on their firm and substantial pilings about a mile or two farther out in the water.  By this time they had made their way south as far as Gaviota, his father insisted they turn the boat about to head back so that they could be home in time for a well-deserved home-cooked meal.

“So, how did you enjoy your first sail?” Michael Keeling asked as they disembarked and Michael proceeded to tie up one end of the boat, leaving Aaron to secure the other.

“It was great!”

“I was beginning to think we were going to lose you there for a while.”

“Lose? That word isn’t in my vocabulary.”

Michael smiled to himself.  The very fact that he was Aaron’s father filled him with pride and anticipation of what he believed Aaron’s recognition potential to be.  His father’s greatest accomplishment to date was rearing a son who would never succumb to failure or defeat.  What greater gift could one man give to the world?

Today, though, things had changed.  Aaron needed a place to just unwind.  A place he could take people he needed to talk to.  A place to be alone and with no press, no witnesses.  At least none that could possibly report back or leak information to others.  To the press.  To his White House staff.  To Nicole.  The list went on.

One day, in late August, just as the hot, humid temperatures were climbing higher in Washington, DC, Aaron was sitting outside on the small patio close to the Rose Garden desperately planning the Great Escape. Nicole sat nearby with a magazine in hand.

“Why don’t you buy a sailboat?” she suddenly said whimsically.  This startled Aaron, and thoughts -almost in the form of paranoia - raced through his head.  Was she reading his mind, for God’s sake?

“What?  Are you serious?”

“Yes.  I’m very serious.  I remember one of the first things you told me about when we started dating at Stanford was that you were an avid sailor and the first thing you were going to do was to take me sailing.”

“And I never did, did I?”

“No.  But we were busy doing more important things.”

“Exactly.  Because I also told you I would be President one day.”

“Well, why don’t you get a sailboat and then your entire fantasy will come true?”

“That sounds so good!”

“And, so doable.”

“It was my father who was the sailor, actually.”

“I know.”

“Oh do you?”

“Yes.”

“And how, might I ask?”

“Your mother let it slip a long time ago, but I thought if you were really interested you would suggest it yourself.  So this seems to be a great option to you, just like Jack Kennedy did at Hyannis Port.  Is it a good idea?”  She asked and smiled coyly.

“Yes. It’s excellent.”

 “Good, we can go shopping tomorrow.”
,
Aaron was so enthused he couldn’t wait till the next day.  He went back to the White House and got onto the Internet and began his hunt for the perfect boat.  It was so easy.  He wanted a boat that was both sleek and functional.  A real sailor’s dream.  It would have to be a safe, proven, uncapsizable, middleclass boat that met all standards for safety and handling that the Secret Service required.  That would be the boat he would acquire.  Justin and his supervisor would, of course, have to approve it and it could be ordered with whatever specific modifications they would demand.

He finally settled on the Xp44.  It had a velocity prediction program which made it very easy to control and which slightly reduced its overall displacement, while actually increasing its hull speed.  It was a beautiful machine manufactured in Denmark.  The manufacturer was ecstatic to have their boat chosen by someone like the President of the United States and was willing to promise anything to get the boat to America as quickly as possible.

Twelve weeks later and after much designing and redesigning of targeted deficient areas of the boat, mostly for safety reasons like making the hull bulletproof, it was delivered to a small Chesapeake Bay marina which was, otherwise, unremarkable and easy for the Secret Service to secure.

The boat was just large enough to accommodate three crewmembers, him, and two or three guests.  A perfect getaway conveyance to give him some privacy and peace of mind in an otherwise chaotic life.  Now he felt he would have the opportunity to enjoy some better times without some of the strain that accompanied him everywhere he went.  It was perfect.  Aaron was accompanied by his crew, Justin and his partner to the marina and led out to the dock where the boat was waiting.  Justin went first to search the vessel for any threats of danger to the President.  He boarded the boat looking through everything above and below deck and then came back out on the deck, stepping adroitly off the boat and onto the dock.  

He said, “The vessel is secured, Mr. President.” and stood back while Aaron boarded the boat.  

“Thank you, Justin.”

“Not at all, sir.  So what are you going to call her?” Justin was just trying his best to be interested because he really didn’t care.

“How does Intrepid sound?”

“Like you are definitely in charge, Mr. President.”

Aaron smiled smugly and started his preparations to sail out onto the bay.  Initially, Aaron would have to remain below decks to be out of range of any sniper fire.  After that he could return topside to enjoy the day’s outing.  This would be the one thing no one could interfere with or take away from him.  He could truly be the master and commander without having to ask anybody or answer to anyone.



  

 






CHAPTER 19


By his second term, Aaron’s work schedule, as President, became, essentially, a routine.  He got up in the morning, had his coffee, went to his daily briefing and then spent the rest of the day trying to find ways to get out of the White House, out of DC and, sometimes, even out of the country, using every excuse he could find to make his escape.  He did his job; he did it to his own satisfaction and then he felt he could relax and get away. It was an entitlement.  He had earned this entitlement by virtue of making a token effort to resolve what absolutely had to be resolved, mostly at the insistence of Alysia Weir, who stood by to complete the tasks.  She did her best to keep him on track, which usually required her to keep him home, or as close to home, as possible.  Somehow, that didn’t always work because Keeling loved to play and didn’t seem to care much what the tune was, as long as everybody who worked for him danced to it.  He was The President, after all.  And still…

He spent more and more time on board the Intrepid in between flying off to Palm Springs to meet Sabrina Gibbons at the old Bob Hope mansion.  Golf was an afterthought.  The game was usually booked at the Country Club of La Quinta but, with Sabrina around and the mansion to himself, he didn’t really care whether he made it to the golf course or not.  Breakfast led to other things, and other things were far more pleasant than the rest of his life.

The only diversion that kept him sane was the Intrepid, and every chance he got; he was off to the marina with Justin Bradley and the boys in tow to head out for an afternoon of sun and cocktails onboard.  The boat had a sunken cockpit that could be raised and lowered by remote control out of the teak deck with one button push. The vessel was stocked with all the refreshments anyone might want.  At first, he went sailing alone, but as time went by, the initial thrill of the boat faded and he found himself going to the fund-raisers and receptions, seeking out other willing companions with whom to spend quality time.  Sabrina had no interest in sailing, making that very clear.

Nicole spent more and more time with Alysia, and Nicole took over the smaller things Aaron lacked interest in. This gave Alysia the opportunity to groom Nicole for taking over from Aaron, if the time became propitious.  They spent hours sitting in Alysia’s office while Aaron was off for the day, doing whatever he did, neither of them showing any care or concern for him.  Alysia briefed her on all the important matters of the day, which included giving her a copy of the Presidential Daily Brief because she doubted that Aaron ever bothered reading them anyway. 

Alysia sent Nicole home every night with stacks of paperwork to study.  This put Nicole through her paces in order to teach her details that any contender for the office of President would be required to know.  This was all part of Alysia’s grooming process.   The presidential duties were no longer a mystery.  First, Alysia wanted Nicole to be able to win the election, and second, to make a smooth transition from Aaron, making Alysia’s job even easier.  It was working well.  Nicole would be able to take control flawlessly, once she was inaugurated.  It would be a much smoother transition for her with Nicole than it had been with Aaron.  Aaron was like a fractious child. When people started gossiping about Nicole’s role, Alysia just explained that Aaron was so busy that Nicole was just helping carry part of the load.  

That was far from the truth.  Alysia gave Nicole reams of Secret, and higher, material.  So much material that, had anyone had found out, they might even make a case for charging Alysia with treason.  Nicole was a lawyer and she knew she had no right to these documents, but she also realized that the more she knew, the better her abilities would be in front of the media to handle herself in an informed and competent manner.  This would make her an excellent candidate for any debate when that dreaded day came along, because it, inevitably, would.  No woman had ever been a real candidate in the Presidential debates, so far, and that was something she knew she had to plan for, above all else.

Alysia had a good relationship with Nicole as far as Alysia was concerned.  If Nicole didn’t become President, Alysia was out of a job and it wasn’t easy to be a middle-aged adviser, somewhat over the hill, which included the political one, in DC.  The bond between them grew, flourished, and annoyed Aaron more than ever.  More than he let on to anyone.
  
One morning, Nicole sat by the window in their White House apartment drinking her coffee and watching the vagaries of the weather.  She would glance over at Aaron occasionally trying to determine the right moment to ask him what had been on her mind for the last few years.

“Do you have a problem this morning, Nicole?”  Aaron asked, without even looking up from his newspaper.

“No, not really.”

“Not really?  That means you have a problem, doesn’t it?”

“No, I meant what I said.  I don’t really have a problem.”

“What is it then?”

“I have a question.”

“OK, what is your question?”  He replied pointedly.

“I think the Intrepid is a gorgeous boat and my friends keep asking me about it.  Can I go out with you on your next sail?”

Nicole got up out of her chair and walked toward his desk.  She got right up next to him and crouched down and put her arms around his shoulders.  Something she hadn’t done in so long he couldn’t remember the last time.  

“I think we need to spend some time together for a change.  Life goes by so fast.  I need some time away, too.  This is a crazy life.  No privacy, no fun anymore.  Let’s live life dangerously, even if it’s just for an afternoon.” She kissed him on the neck and then seductively on the earlobe.

“Are you serious?”  He asked, as he tried to push her far enough away so he could look in her eyes to determine if she was telling the truth.  He couldn’t really tell.  What’s she up to now?  He thought to himself.  Has she really had a change of heart, or is she angling for something?  It was impossible to tell with her, so he decided he would just carry on with the conversation and then try to figure out what she was up to.

“Next Thursday is Thanksgiving.  Most people will be home and we are invited out that night, but how about during the day?  No one goes anywhere.  The stock market and banks are closed.   All the government offices are closed.  What better time?”

“All right, I’ll tell you what.  I’ll make the arrangements if you will promise me one thing.”

“Anything.”

“Anything?  Ooh, this must be serious!”

“I mean it.”

“All right.  You have to promise me you won’t get seasick.”

“Are you serious?”

“Well that’s what happened to me the first time I went sailing with my dad.”

“So what happens if I do?”

“Oh, it’s no big worry,” he said as he pulled her onto his lap - something he hadn’t done since they were dating.  I do miss her, he mused.  He knew it was probably wishful thinking.  Letting his mind wander back to a time in their relationship when the spark first started flying, hoping to escape one more burden of drudgery in his life.  His marriage.  He never discussed it with anyone.  Not Justin, or any of the Secret Service guys or even Alysia, for that matter.  He kept his own counsel and his mouth shut.  He wasn’t the first president that had a mistress, nor would he be the last.  Anyway, Sabrina knew their days together were numbered and she had so many interested suitors in her life he would be lucky if he could hold her interest for another six months.

Nicole looked adoringly into his eyes.  You schmuck, she thought, as she smiled seductively at him.  She returned his embrace and kissed him as passionately as she could manage under the circumstances, which wasn’t too bad, giving herself three-and-a-half stars.  She could still get what she wanted.  He was just as easy to deceive now, as he had been when she’d met him.  She did pretty well with men.  She didn’t take any guff from them.  No tricks or deceit and she always checked them out thoroughly.  He was still a fool for a pretty smile and Nicole had lots of those to offer him.  

Yes, this was going to work!  She would be the next President of the United States.

As she readied herself for the Intrepid Thursday morning she found it difficult to pick something to wear that was sturdy enough for the blustery November weather yet seductive enough to convince Aaron that he should listen to whatever she had to say.  As she pulled her black Danskin tights and her black long-sleeved shell, she felt if she could get him down inside the boat she could take off the sailing duds and they could get busy.  Then, she could ask him.  Perfect.  She was so involved in her scheme that she didn’t even hear him as he opened the door to the bedroom where he appeared all dressed and ready to go.

“Are you ready?” he inquired.

“Just about.  How do I look?”

“Fantastic!” He moved over to the bed and put his arm around her and kissed her.  But this was different than the last time.  It almost seemed as though she really had rekindled something and she felt very self-assured that this trip was definitely going to be worthwhile.

















CHAPTER 20


Justin Bradley awoke with a start as his alarm went off, after a night of fitful sleep.  Justin could think of no particular reason for his insomnia as he shuffled off to the bathroom slowly, gradually regaining consciousness as he went.  He tried, as quickly as possible, to shake his mind loose and refocus on the day ahead.  As he passed the bathroom mirror he was struck by the image he saw in his peripheral vision and decided he resembled the wreck he felt.  He turned to face the mirror with trepidation, doing a thorough recon of his face starting at the eyes and proceeding downward.  Their bloodshot appearance and dark circles didn’t worry him because they were well-earned by the long hours he had been working and the copious quantities of scotch he had consumed since Aaron Keeling had gained office.  It wasn’t until he stuck out his tongue that he realized that it contained more hills and valleys than the Rocky Mountains. He then decided he needed to see the family Doc.

This was the nickname assigned to Dr. Milford Greenbaum, the White House physician.  Greenbaum had been a Harvard Medical School graduate, which was not surprising because a large number of the White House staff hailed from that same alma mater.  The best thing about him was that he never examined anybody if he could help it.  He just chatted, commiserated, counseled and occasionally prescribed.  Almost always in that order.   His practice of medicine wasn’t so much based upon the Hippocratic oath, as it was the White House Bedside Manner, which he’d developed over the years.  It was his finest achievement in the field of medicine.  He was a solid-looking man of fifty-five with an intelligent face and strong jaw.  His eyes were blue, and his face was set in an expression of almost constant concern, which made everyone meeting him feel at ease.

Greenbaum had a comfortable, orderly office on the second floor, not far from the Oval Office.  This arrangement had been worked out in past years, as its proximity to the President had served its utility well.  It didn’t work quite as well now because POTUS was spending so much time on side trips or out on the Intrepid enjoying the ocean breezes. President Keeling was working out his myriads of political strategies necessary to cope with the day-to-day bombardment of the many national and international demands placed upon him by the very nature of his office. He had Alysia’s capable help, of course.  Still, the doctor seemed comfortable where he was.  The requirements of his attendance on the President and presidential staff were so few and he had been there so long that moving him to another location would just create disruption.  Besides that, presidents of the past had avoided doctors in general, for the most part, lest their extracurricular-activities be discovered.

As Justin opened the door to the office, Greenbaum looked up from his reading and put the medical journal he was studying, down, face down on the desk.  It was an impressive office with mahogany bookcases that reached the twelve-foot ceiling.  Every inch of shelving was filled with an impressive collection of specialty medical texts starting with Internal Medicine and ending in Toxicology.   Included in his collection were medical journals from many different countries famous for their achievements.  This display gave the impression that the Doc was teaching medicine, rather than dispensing it.  The medical library was complemented by a wall dedicated to, and covered with diplomas, awards and citations, mostly issued by past chief executives that, while they never consulted much with him, realized on some level the importance of his presence in their life.

“Doc,” Justin said casually.  “Got a minute?”

“Sure, what’s on your mind?”

“Let’s forget about my mind and talk about the rest of me.”

“Absolutely.  Have a seat.”  He motioned with his hand for Justin to sit down in the elegant wine-colored leather chair placed in front of his desk.  

“So, what seems to be the problem?”

“To start with I can’t seem to sleep more than two hours at a time and, to be honest, I feel like crap the rest of the day.”

“Well, that’s no good.  How long has your sleeping pattern been this disturbed?”

“Just about always, actually.  I’ve never been a good sleeper, even as a child.”

“But you’ve noticed a change, have you?”

“Yeah, that’s about it. I used to sleep at least four hours and that seemed a lot better.  Maybe you can give me something to help me sleep.”

“Not quite that fast.  Let’s have a quick look here and see if there might be a hint of why you’re having this problem.”

“Oh, it’s just stress.”

The doctor looked at him quizzically at this point and stood up reaching for his stethoscope in his right hand pocket.  The Doc was a man of few words when he had a definite plan in mind and Justin knew this and it worried him now more than ever.  Justin did his job.  Sure, he had been feeling a little slow of late, but he didn’t need any demerits on his medical record.

“The examining room is right next door here.  After you, sir.”  He smiled graciously and extended his hand to indicate the doorway.

“Just take off your shirt.  No need for anything more than that.”

Justin was beginning to question his motivation for even coming to see Doc that morning, but began removing his tie in the robotic manner he did each day.  Once his shirt was off, Justin sat down on the end of the examining table while the Doc fidgeted with the examination tray next to him.  Greenbaum picked up a tongue depressor and penlight, motioning Justin to open his mouth.  As he peered and probed down his throat Justin sat motionless hoping this whole procedure would soon be over and everything that happened that morning would all be very quickly forgotten.

The next point of interest seemed to be Justin’s chest and that was thoroughly examined with instructions from the doctor to breathe and hold, intermittently while he moved the stethoscope around first his chest and then his back. When he was finished and had apparently heard what he was listening for, he stood back and simply looked at Justin.  Doc’s cheerful demeanor had been replaced by one of concern.  

“Tell me, Justin, just how much are you drinking these days?”

Justin thought for a moment.  “No more than usual, I guess.”

“What, one or two glasses of wine?”

“I don’t know.  A few glasses I guess.”

“Of what?”

“Scotch, mostly.”

“Well, either that, or your age, or both are catching up to you.  Your mouth is full of what we call multiform pustules consistent with a niacin deficiency.  When I listened to your chest just now, your heart sounds were muffled which probably is being caused by some edema.  You might have noticed some trouble with your belt size… from bloating.

Justin zoned out for a moment.  He didn’t speak, move or shift his gaze.  He thought about what the doctor had said as if stunned.  He had always pictured himself as indestructible, the kind of guy who could handle anything, any emergency.  This whole morning had shocked him to the core.  He knew about how most guys kind of crumble after about forty, but he thought he was immune.  He was forty-eight years old now and up until about six months ago had never missed a beat.  What had changed?  Was it just this president that had caused him to go from a functioning Service agent to a deteriorated mess?

“Do you want some time off?”  Justin heard the Doc say as he started coming back from his minor fugue. These were some of the most dangerous words a man can hear when he works for the federal government.

“No, no.  And, I don’t want any sleeping pills either.”

“Don’t worry I wasn’t going to prescribe any.”

“I didn’t think so.”

“I’ll tell you what.  Clean yourself up.  Just give up the booze for a while.  Cut back slowly if you need to and I’ll give you a script for some therapeutic B vitamins.  Do you work out?”

“I used to but I’ve gotten away from it, the last year or so.”

“Well, then I want you to go back to it.  Take it easy at first and work up to a little more when you’re feeling better.  Drink lots of water so you don’t get dehydrated and try to flush out your system as quickly as you can to get rid of the accumulation of alcohol.  Come back and see me in a week.  I’m going to give you a shot of B-complex now and I’ll see you once a week, for the next eight weeks.  By then you should be back to normal.”

“You’re telling me I should lay off drinking for a while.”

“No, not exactly.  I’m telling you that if you were smart, you’d just stay away from it and find something else to do in your time off.”

“That’s what I was afraid of.”  Justin grinned sheepishly at Doc who returned the smile.  The two of then had come to an agreement.  Now it was just a matter of doing what was required to sustain the program.

Justin put his shirt and tie back on.  He felt relieved that the ordeal had ended without any more damage.  A lot to be thankful for, really.  “Thanks a lot, Doc,” Justin mumbled and extended his hand to Greenbaum who grasped it firmly, giving it a friendly shake while placing his had reassuringly on Justin’s shoulder.  “ I’ll see you in a week, then.”

“You take it easy now, you hear?”  Greenbaum’s marching orders.  “Go watch an Orioles games.  We guys deserve a break once in a while, you know?  Maybe you have a friend who would like to tag along?  Maybe a nice lady?”  Greenbaum squeezed Justin’s shoulder reassuringly, dropping his hand to his side.  He had a pleased smile on his face. 

 Justin thought to himself, life is good again, whew!

  
















CHAPTER 21



The bay was gray and gloomy with a sliver of sunlight tentatively appearing between gathering clouds.  The Intrepid looked surrealistic moored in a small patch of light with water reflecting the struggling sun as though trapped in a time warp.  It glimmered austere white against the darkening backdrop of patchy black clouds.  With Justin in the lead and two other Secret Service men accompanying the two crewmembers in front, Aaron and Nicole made their way from the presidential limo to the dock itself.  They walked a steady, practiced, pace.  Something between an amble and a stroll.  Not fast enough to keep a tight schedule but not slow enough to really drink in the beauty of the seascape visible on both sides.  When presenting a constant target, you’re never allowed time to really take in anything in detail. This was another aspect of presidential life that Aaron could never accommodate.

As they approached the sailboat, no one spoke and the somberness of the group just seemed to deepen as they began boarding the vessel.  Getting the president safely aboard and, later, off the boat were two of the things that worried Justin most when he, and his detail, escorted Aaron.  Justin, in his new temperance, felt even more concerned.  From a few, distant locations around the marina a shot could, perhaps, be in range of the secluded, minimum-security, marina. The bullet, ringing through the otherwise silent docks, would disrupt the peace of the nation instantly.  It was a huge responsibility for Justin.

The President, on the other hand, was oblivious.  This lack of awareness made Justin’s job just that more difficult.  Aaron never appeared as though he was aware, even for a minute, of the dangers that awaited him every time he stepped out into harm’s way.  He just soldiered on, even though being a soldier was probably the least acknowledged aspect of his duties as Commander-in-Chief.  Raven, as he was known, was very happy this day.  He was going to get to spend some time with Nicole in a way he hadn’t been for years. He felt himself stir. Sure there would still be security present but, at this point, Aaron adjusted, more or less, to the layer of accompaniment that followed him everywhere, like a shadow.  They were nice guys, by and large, and were genuinely concerned about him regardless of what he did, where he went or with whom he went.  Or so he believed.  That was the best part.  

Nicole and Aaron held hands as they walked along the finger toward the Intrepid. Handholding was something they hadn’t done in years.  It was like going back in time.  Aaron had asked Justin to bring hors d’oeuvres and two bottles Dom Perignon along for the journey as part of the seduction of Nicole.  He was hoping for an afternoon that would make up for the last few years of neglect he had suffered at the hands of his wife and her loyal mentor, Alysia.  Oh yes, Alysia. Dear, sweet Alysia.  And where was she?  At that particular moment Alysia was bustling around a Party fund-raiser at the Capitol drumming up support for the Presidential Library that she was determined to see built as a tribute to her dear friend, Nicole.  Ah, what a tangled web…

At dockside, a rogue gust of wind caught the party of seven in mid-stride.  The Intrepid, alongside the finger now, listed alee, sending a wave against the pilings that rose upward, along the hull, soaking those in its path, including the Keelings.  Justin flew into crisis mode directing the group to board the boat as quickly as possible and for the presidential duo to stow themselves away in the cabin to dry off and stay below until leaving the marina.  Nicole thought this might be the perfect opportunity to put the plan, concocted by her and Alysia, into action earlier in the game than they had choreographed. 

Boarding the boat, Justin went straight to the hatch, sliding it back. Aaron went down into the salon, followed by Nicole and then Justin with the bags containing their personal items Nicole had packed for the outing.  When they all reached the master cabin, Justin set down the bags and turned around to check the cabin for anything out of place.  Having checked the cabin earlier that day he, of course found it free and clear of any danger, politely said his goodbyes, and wished the President and First Lady, a nice day.  As he made his way back up to the deck he was filled with a vague sense of foreboding as though things – unknown - might be changing.  He blamed this feeling on his lack of something to drink. He missed his trusty hip flask. Being determined not to let Keeling, or his sobriety, get to him, Justin dismissed his concern.

This trip was going to be like all the others, Justin thought.  After all, the biggest problem he had with President Aaron Keeling was his innate sense of noblesse oblige, which colored everything he did and said.  The reason for this attitude was that Aaron had been an only child who had always been indulged by both parents.  The public, however was unaware of this, and loved him.  To the average man in the street, Aaron Keeling was a man they could identify with.  He thought like a man who just did what he did on the spur of the moment and was always considered a ‘hail-fellow-well-met’ type of guy.  That was fine in the public eye and voters were pleased by it.  For the most part it was enough to, consistently, win elections.

This duality was not good for the running of a country.  For starters, other leaders in the world had no respect for him.  Because they didn’t have respect, their media and citizens saw the United States President as a buffoon.  No one came out and said it exactly, but no one really took him seriously, either.  Where the United States had, for years, set the standard of world leadership, it suddenly was being demoted from a world power to an international joke.  This worried Justin more than anything.  He had served his country through all types of adversity, including war.  He was a loyal patriot and felt it was the president’s job to set the example.  That’s what leadership was, in his eyes.  And it wasn’t happening.  He knew drinking didn’t solve any problems, but he was encouraged that Aaron had less than two years remaining in his second term and then someone, with admirable qualities, would replace him and all would be forgotten as America picked itself up, shook off the dust and filth, and marched forward.

Below decks, things were different.  Buoyancy was pervasive.  Aaron was busy changing his clothes as Nicole changed hers into something more alluring than those she had worn aboard.  She gave him “The Look”, significantly, and she could sense his focus redirecting to her, and her alone, for the first time in years.  

“This is a lovely boat, sweetie.”  

“You mean you really like it?”  Aaron asked like a pleased little schoolboy.

“Oh, I love it, it’s wonderful!”

“I know we just got under way here, but you don’t feel seasick do you?  I have some Dramamine if you do.”

“No, I’m fine.  Actually if you have some of that champagne Justin brought, I think it might be a nice chance to celebrate my maiden voyage.”

“That sounds like something I would suggest.  Only, my question at this point is, do you really want to remain a maiden?”

“I haven’t been one of those for years.  But if you’re asking me if I want to lose my virginity again, then I must say, why not?”  She tittered, like a giddy teenager.

Aaron held the bottle of champagne tightly by the neck and popped the cork as he made an impressive effort to stem the gushing from the bottle with his mouth, licking it aggressively and slurping  it.  He took one of the glasses into his hand and quickly poured it with the other and handed it to Nicole who held it poised for a toast.  When he finished pouring his glass, while catching his balance as the boat tacked upwind he said graciously, “Your toast my dear.”

“Here is to our new life together.  To a never-ending partnership.”

“Skol.” 

He put his drink down and they embraced much like the good old days.  Two hours later they were still in the cabin, instead of making the usual appearance on the deck as soon as the boat had cleared the outer marker.  Nicole was feeling confident in their close encounter and slipped from the bunk and reclined on the cabin settee in just the sheer nightgown of her silk peignoir.  She draped herself gracefully across the cushions holding her champagne flute delicately in her left hand.  She lifted the glass up to Aaron in a gesture of toasting, as he scrambled from the bunk to join her.

“I have to admit that I had a purpose in bringing you out here today.” Justin began.

“I was hoping you did.  I’ve never been given this opportunity before and I kind of wondered if I ever would.  It seems to me a lot of others have been invited.”

“Ah, come on, Nicole!  You haven’t been around me all that much, and.you know it.”

“Yes, I know.  I’ve been busy making sure your supporters stay behind you and that your legacy has been established firmly in the annals of American history.”

“Is that what you call having lunch every day with Alysia?”

“That’s not fair, Aaron and you know it.”

“Maybe not, but it’s certainly true.”

“What do you want out of your political career?” Nicole asked with a look on her face that was calculated and, at the same time, circumspect.

This question set Aaron back a bit and he threw his head back and took a deep breath as though that would help him to think or imagine what it was she was trying to dig out of him by asking him this question.

“My political career?”  He paused.  “I would like it to last forever.  I have worked very hard to do what I have done and to become what I am.  I am happy to be right where I am.”

“I know that, Aaron, but what about when it’s over in two years.”

“I try not to think about that.”

“Is it like retiring and then trying to find something to do?”  Nicole asked raising her eyebrow to punctuate her question.  The line of questioning was visibly making him uncomfortable but he was showing no signs of changing the subject and that encouraged Nicole to carry on to complete the plan she shared with Alysia.

“I think you might be right.”  Aaron’s grasp of the situation suddenly hit him like a bomb.

“I’ve been thinking about you and your presidency and I think I know a way you can keep going.  Maybe not forever, but for a while, anyway.”

Aaron got up and picked the bottle out of the ice bucket to poured another drink for them both, returned the bottle to the bucket, and sat down again to plunge more deeply into this dissection of political life and future.

“So what is your learned opinion, oh sage of the political arena?”  a note of sarcasm in his voice.

“What if we did this?  What if you endorsed me to run for President when your term was over?  What if I ran and won?”

“An interesting proposition.  But I don’t think it’s doable.”

“Why not?”  She asked with a derisive tone in her voice.

“Because you have no experience.  No credibility.”

“That’s not true.  I have a degree in law just like you and I have followed every move you’ve made every day of your presidency from the beginning.  I’ve read all your speeches, including the ones you’ve tabled and I’ve read all your briefing documents every day as well.”

“For God’s sake don’t tell anybody that.  Those things are top-secret documents.  Nobody can read those; they’re all classified.”

“I know that, but I just want you to know how much I have studied what you’ve done.  How familiar I am with what needs to be done and why I could do the job.”

“No, no it won’t work.”  

Aaron was becoming lost in thought now.  He liked the idea, but he just couldn’t think of any way to get the thing going.  She wouldn’t be able to convince the Party she could do anything, he thought to himself.  I know what she knows and so does she, but how could we convince them?  And then there’s the classified issue.  It just wouldn’t work he thought to himself and tossed his one leg over the other to try to get to a new position in the chair in hopes that some new inspiration would come to him.  Thinking wasn’t getting him anywhere and he took another gulp of champagne and looked directly at Nicole with that calculating look he got in his eye whenever he figured out some new scheme that showed great promise.

“What if? Now I’m just talking off the top of my head.  What if I were to endorse you, and you were to wait until the appropriate time and then?”  Aaron was building to the second climax of the afternoon with this one.  “And then, at the very last minute, when the party has invested millions of dollars and all of its energies on promoting you, you announce me as your running mate.  Then your inexperience wouldn’t matter.”

“My God, you’re a genius!”

“Thank you, my dear.  That’s why I married you.  So we could be right 100% of the time, together.”

“Do you know what you’ve said?”

“Of course, why?”

“Because no one’s ever done this before.”

“That’s why you always want to be the first to do it?” 

“First rule of Madison Avenue, right?”

“Right!”



  














CHAPTER 22


Aaron worked very hard the last year of his second term.  Some people thought he had lost his mind while others just assumed he had come to his senses.  He attended every appearance that was scheduled for him and was usually on time.  He attended all of his briefings and, at least from all external appearances, seemed to be paying attention to the ideas and facts being presented to him.  Aaron was all at once in focus and on track.  Clearly, for a purpose.

He attended fund-raisers and committee meetings.  He even accepted invitations for town hall meetings in states like Ohio and Texas that were crucial to the election of representatives or senators who would support the presidential administration.  One or two of the party’s more elite members mentioned that it looked more like Aaron was seeking a third term than retiring.  He brought in lots of money to his party, and even more goodwill, which is something no political party or president can do without.  Not for long, anyway.  

Nicole, on the other hand, was spending more and more time with Aaron.  At most of his public appearances she was there by his side just as she had been for his first election.  Things took on a different tone in the White House. From all appearances, their relationship was rekindled, and the demeanor of Aaron’s image had changed.  People began gossiping about the ‘lovebirds’; assuming that this newly rekindled devotion between the two of them had also ignited his patriotism.  This time, instead of him delivering his speeches alone and taking all the credit, he would step back graciously, when concluding, to introduce Nicole in the most glowing terms letting her take center stage.  He wrote, or helped Alysia write, all of Nicole’s speeches.  If he didn’t write them, it was his strict condition that he reviewed them all.  They traveled everywhere together, and even some of the media that had criticized him in past elections, were talking about the change in his image and his approach to the politics.

Aaron had made many friends while he was in office and had cemented his position in his party so firmly that if it had been the Washington Monument it wouldn’t have a better foundation.  All of his flakiness was quickly forgotten, especially within the Party.  Some of the media continued to suggest that the President was surely “up to something”, but that was as far as it got.  Nobody kept track of how much money was raised, but everybody in the party knew they had more funds available to them than the opposition and that was all that mattered.

Even Justin was impressed by the President’s new attitude, but something in the pit of his stomach told him not to trust his senses and to remember Keeling’s past performance before he drew any conclusions.  Justin had been in this game for too long, and was too old, to believe that people changed.  That was a belief for children and he had put away his childhood long ago.  So as he arranged the President’s security from one end of the country to another, he kept a very close eye on all presidential matters, foreign and domestic.  


The word about the New Aaron Keeling spread everywhere and very quickly.  Members of the House like Niles Cunningham were some of the quickest to react.  As Mathew Perry was sitting in his office late in August finishing up paperwork to get away for the autumn recess, there was a light knock on the door.  Heather Osborn appeared at the opening looking a little timid and anxious.  She took a deep breath and said, “Representative Niles Cunningham from Florida is here to see you.”

“Does he have an appointment?”

“No sir, he doesn’t.”

“Can’t you see how busy I am?”  He said as he took off his glasses, tossing them on his desk.

Mathew was not in the best of moods.  His suit, which was usually immaculate, appeared creased and crumpled to the point of looking slept in.  His hair wasn’t combed and he had what looked like a shadow beard which was something Matthew would never be seen with, except perhaps, in front of Heather, his daily helper through every political and bureaucratic crisis.

“He says it’s very important...” Heather had that tone of desperation in her voice. “And that he’ll be very brief.”  Mathew shrugged, picking up his glasses.  

“Tell him to make it quick.” he muttered putting his glasses back on and staring down at his documents as though he had never looked away.

As Niles paced the reception area of Mathew’s office waiting for Heather to return with the answer to his request he couldn’t help but think about his last meeting with the senior congressman.  He had never been one to believe in conspiracy theories but what was happening now moved rumor to reality.  Conspiracies seemed to be everywhere these days.  Movies, TV, novels, radio; the list went on.  What happened to the good old days when someone just brandished his sword or drew his gun and fought things out like a man?  Now it was all done through the re-interpretation of old laws.  The problem was the analysis of those laws had little if anything to do with the original intent of their framers.  

Heather had returned quickly from Mathew’s office with a pleasant smile on her face and in a matter of seconds Niles was in his office.

“Good to see you, sir,” Niles said, offering his hand to Mathew who was standing, half-stooped, over his desk.

“This better be good.” Perry said, sitting down again.

“Well, sir, I don’t know if it will be good.  I wouldn’t call it that.  It was just stray gossip the last time we met and talked, but it’s about to be announced at the convention tomorrow night that Nicole is going to be endorsed by the President to run for the office in the upcoming election.”

“You remember we had this conversation before.”  Mathew was tired of trying to explain the subtleties of the situational politics to Niles because he was still relatively young and very idealistic.

“I know we have, but this is different.  News of this speech has already been announced to the media so this is now a reality and that’s bad enough.  Nicole knows she’s not qualified to be President other than being a lawyer and the wife of a former president. The worse part is that she told a senator at a committee meeting here on Capitol Hill yesterday that she and Aaron have found a way to handle this situation that circumvents the existing law.”

“Don’t tell me, let me guess.”

“Yes, she’s going to announce Aaron as her running mate as soon as she wins the primary.”

“That is, unless someone runs against her.”

“Which she and everyone else knows, won’t happen.”

Their exchange had proceeded very briskly until the last comment and then both men fell silent. They looked at each other as though someone they knew well had just died.  They seemed to be waiting to see who would speak first.  Finally Mathew pushed his chair back and stood up.  He turned around and looked out the window behind him at the lush green grass and hedges that were the final fillip to the stark white walls so elegantly complementing their appearance. Matthew longed for a simpler time.  He knew there wasn’t much he could do or say to this man.  He hoped that Niles was wrong, but he also knew he probably wasn’t.  Everything was such a mess!

“I am a strong believer in the Constitution,” Mathew began.  “This constitution was written the way it was to do away with the monarchy and everything it implied.  The Constitution was drafted to avoid corruption and nepotism, for want of a better word.  The burden of drafting a document to prevent politicians from obtaining total and never-ending power was not an easy one, and as long as the Constitution has been followed the way it was conceived, it has worked.  But this is shameful and wrong.  I am still not sure I believe it, but I will do everything in my power to fight it because I am a patriot and I take my office as Speaker of the House very seriously.”

“I know you do and that’s why I needed to talk to you today.”  Niles paused and his whole countenance and body stiffened.  “I am here on behalf of our party to ask you if you will consider running against Nicole Keeling for the office of President?”

There was another brief period of silence as Mathew tried to determine why the Party would send someone like Niles to ask him such a question.

“Are you some kind of messenger in this war?”

“In a way, yes sir.”

“I don’t even have to think about this.  Not at this time.  You want a reason?”

“Yes, sir.  The Party needs to know what their next move should be.”

“I’ll tell you.  If this is going to happen you’re going to need me in the position I’m in, even more than ever.  This country has never had a woman president and I could never run against Nicole Keeling and win.  She is charming and pleasant and even if you can never say anything more about her than that, it’s enough to get her elected.  Plus she has been campaigning for six or eight months already.  Add to that the fact that President Aaron Keeling has put millions of dollars into the coffers of the Party and has millions more in his personal campaign fund. He’s got an unbeatable combination.  But I’ll tell you one thing.  I will remain Speaker of The House and I will keep our party on track and make sure that we do everything we can to ensure whatever diabolical plan Aaron Keeling has for this country will never come to fruition.”

“Well said sir.  I’ll get your message back to the Party chair right away.”

“You do that because when you fight a war, you have to wait until you are fighting from a position of strength.”

“We certainly aren’t doing that, at this point, are we?”

“No, we aren’t.  If I don’t do what I have promised, we never will be.” 
















	

CHAPTER 23


Alysia had done much work.  Many hills and vales had been traversed in order to engineer one of the greatest silent coups in modern political history.  Much like the king announcing his son as his heir apparent, Aaron had presented his wife to the party as the next in line for the Presidency.  The parallels were obvious and undeniable if anyone had the interest or desire to know the truth.  Few were.  Instead most party members, either party, were set on sustaining their political lives, as they existed from one term to the next until they were beyond a reasonable age for retirement, and so they blindly followed Aaron.  The positions they held, and the power they wielded, were their ultimate concern.  The idea that they represented anyone but themselves was a notion held by the public and a few dedicated patriots, not the majority of politicians.  So many political favors had been stockpiled by traders of political favoritism and exchanges!   As a politician who had been connected long enough to know the right people in the House or Senate, you could forge most any political notion you saw fit.  As a result, Aaron’s first big effort would be to convince his own Vice president, William Leon Roberts, to stand behind him on the endorsement of Nicole.  

Bill had been an outstanding vice president for Aaron and had come to his side whenever the occasion had arisen.  He was a good old boy in the real sense, and the best thing about him was that Aaron could talk him into anything.  He wasn’t as ambitious as many vice presidents had been, and, more importantly, he knew why Aaron had chosen him:  to fill out his presidential electoral votes.  

Bill had gotten into politics, as many politicians do today, to try to make use of his law degree when failing to make Full Partner after many years of being a mediocre associate in medium-sized law firms.  In politics, one can suddenly gain the success otherwise withheld from them in private practice.

Bill Roberts had been just this kind of guy.  He had graduated from a mid-rated school, passed the bar, and ended up locked into the position of associate in a mediocre law firm with little chance of advancement.  No chance to ever meet his ambition of trying a case.  No big salary to satisfy his avaricious wife.  No past, and more importantly, no real future.

Bill had begun hitting the bottle and the bars.  Every night he arrived home later and later for dinner and his wife was getting sick of keeping the meatloaf warm and edible for two hours or more, waiting for him to return from his particular watering hole.  His marriage was going south.

This was not the end of the story, because the legal profession served an important function in his scheme of things.  It served as a gateway to a new career.  Once Bill was introduced to the Party, the people and opportunities presented to him in the dim setting of Joel’s Bar and Grill, on Boylston, near Boston harbor, the rest became history.

His drinking didn’t stop, but the money was better and his home was happier nonetheless.  In contrast to his legal career, his political ambitions did much better from their beginning and soon his ambitious agenda began to swell.  He went very quickly from the state house to the Senate and now, his most important role, Vice president of the United States.  It certainly helped to have the right friends.  Aaron had been very good to him, and for him.  Bill owed him a great deal. 

Early one Monday morning Aaron called him and made arrangements to meet him for lunch at a small French cafe not far from the White House.  When Bill arrived, his security and Aaron’s filled all of the parking spots in the small parking lot behind the old house that had been converted to a restaurant.  The maitre d’, dressed in tuxedo and bow tie, met him in the vestibule and escorted him to Aaron’s table in the corner of the room next to the artificial fireplace.

“ Bill!”  Aaron stood, extending his hand.  “I’m sure glad to see you.”

“Is there some kind of problem?” the Vice president inquired, more perplexed than interested.

“Let’s sit down and have a drink.  What are you drinking?  How about a couple of martinis?”  Aaron gave the order to the waiter who then scurried off.

“I do have a real problem though.” Aaron said again as though saying it once wasn’t enough.

“Ok, ok what is this real problem of yours?  I’m not sure I can solve it.”

“You’ve solved everything else so far.”

“I have a feeling you may be up to something.” Bill smiled knowingly.

Their waiter served the drinks and, when neither man offered a toast, they both took a generous slug.  Bill looked over at Aaron, waiting for the unspoken bomb to drop.

“I don’t want you to be the last to know, because you’d never forgive me.”

Bill chuckled.  “You’re probably right about that.”

“I have a very serious proposition.  No, I guess you’d have to call it an offer.  I really wanted to endorse you for President.  You have to believe that.  But Nicole is absolutely determined to run.  She believes that if a woman ran, she would never lose.” 

 “She is shrewd.”

“Oh, that she is.  You’ve got that right.”

“Well,” Aaron took a breath, hesitating dramatically,  “she wants me to be her running mate when she runs for President.”

“So why are you telling me this?”  Bill’s former smile had degenerated to a frown and the tone of his voice had deteriorated to one of dismay.

“Because now I need your support.  If I back her on my own, it won’t be enough.  First of all the Leader of the Senate, who is one of us, would never accept this.”

“I’m surprised you have.  And, by the way, since when can you be Vice president after just retiring as President?”

“Because there’s nothing in the constitution to stop it.”

“I guess you’re right about that, it’s just that it’s never been attempted before.”

“I know, that’s why it can be done.  Anyway, if you would back us, you can take the office of Secretary of State and be in line for succession if anything happened, if you chose to.”

“You’re right, if Nicole ran, I’d never stand a chance, anyway.  And she’s determined, is she?”

“She is.  She’s a natural leader you know.”

“You’ve got my vote.  And about the Secretary of State thing…  I’d have to do some thinking on that one,” Bill said distractedly.

Aaron was on the campaign trail.  Not for Nicole as much as for himself.  He realized after that fateful day aboard the Intrepid with her, that what he wanted was to be president as long as he could manage it and if being vice president for a while was the price he had to pay, then so be it.  He knew the emotions he felt on the presidential yacht weren’t a rekindling of any old romantic feeling.  He knew he had never been a romantic and doubted that he had ever been in love.  He wasn’t sure he knew what it was and that was a surefire diagnosis.  He had feelings, sure.  For himself.  After all, he could argue, the country was better off now than when he took office.  But then he was a lawyer and he could argue anything.  Any side.  That’s what made a good lawyer.  Wasn’t it?  That’s what they taught everybody in law school.

Nicole believed that during her romantic interlude on Chesapeake Bay that she had gained the upper hand over Aaron but her analysis of the situation proved to be fallacious, so to speak.  She believed she had cleverly switched places with him.  From her point of view she had gained the upper hand in the fiefdom.  Not so.  Her clever manipulations weren’t unnoticed by Aaron and would never go unexploited by him, either.  This War of the Roses between them had always raged on some level, but tacitly acknowledged. The question remained:  who was the more clever?

So now came the more difficult part.  Governing had been easy.  Aaron had just let Alysia do most of it; at least most of what mattered.  Carrying on was going to take a real selling job to convince their constituency that Nicole was indeed the best candidate for President that the party could envision.  Aaron had told a discrete few of the old crony set, that the reason she could be trusted was that he, Aaron, would be her radar officer and navigator. Some of the older members of the party liked the idea and got a chuckle out of it. 

On the night of the announcement of her choice of running mate, Nicole was fit to be tied.  She had been on her cell phone back and forth with Alysia for hours talking sporadically, adding quick notes to her iPad after each conversation.  Even though Aaron had relied on Alysia to get him out of most of his sloppy and frequent mismanagements of the country’s affairs, he still didn’t like her any more now than he did the day Nicole introduced them.  He knew Alysia had the same agenda, as everybody working on the Hill and that was to keep their job.  Make their money, by whatever means necessary, and taking it away as much as they possibly could.  When he left, that was his aim as well, except that he just wanted his situation to become an accepted manifestation of never-ending power to govern as he so wished.

“Why don’t you just relax and let this evening just develop the way it’s intended to?”  Aaron said with a slight tone of irritation in his voice.

“I just want to be sure...”

“I know; everything is perfect.”

“You know everything, don’t you?”  Nicole snapped back at him.

“Enough, my dear, enough.”

“Enough for what?” she said her voice dripping with sarcasm.

“Enough to get by and enough to be so very proud of you winning that primary tonight.”

“I told you I could do it.”

“I never doubted you for one moment, my dear.”

“Neither did I.” She smiled coyly.


















CHAPTER 24
                                                                                 

Nicole had her own ideas, of course.  She didn’t really need Aaron at all.  She had always worked harder than he did.  Even in law school, he would breeze by, arguing cases he had never even read all the way through with the professor having to call him on his misuse of the facts that he gained the nickname ‘Alias Aaron’.  Nicole didn’t intend this kind of slipshod government to define her term in office.  She would do the work, not leave it for Alysia.  She would scrupulously follow Alysia’s advice though, because Alysia had never erred and the United States and the world were the better place for it.  The women in the country would be heard and finally receive the attention they had been begging for since gaining the vote.  

Nicole won the office of President of the United States by a landslide, as she had predicted.  Every woman and her husband, if he wanted to remain tolerated by his wife, either voted for Nicole or said he had.  No one, not even Nicole, was aware of Aaron’s existence any more.  He was just like every other Vice president in the history of the country.  Not seen, and not heard.  This would work just fine to give Aaron the end result he wanted.  Perpetual rule.  The king.  He would be the Emperor of America, and in his own mind, he was already.  Nicole’s glory was just temporary, but his government would go on forever.  He knew this might not be in the best interest of Congress, the Judiciary, or the citizenry, in general, but in all truth, they could do a lot worse and had done so in the past.  He wouldn’t be a tyrannical dictator, merely a benevolent one; one who had the country’s best interest at heart. He would provide them a Continuity of Government situation where good judgment and experience made up for what might be lacking in strict Constitutional adherence. He’d do his honest best.  A kind of soft tyranny.

The announcement of their win was going to be one, big, party, as far as Nicole was concerned.  It would be held at the Los Angels Convention Center and the Victory Party tickets were a sell-out.  The Banquet Hall would be jammed, a gala, by anyone’s definition.  There would still be plenty of room for the overflow. Keeling supporters could assemble outside the Banquet Hall on the Greensward, the park dotted with trees and connected by a great X-shaped walkway connecting the sides of the Quad.  It would be a warm evening, even in the early spring and with the aid of gas-fired, outdoor heaters.  In LA the trees would just be coming into leaf. 

This was Nicole’s big moment.  The moment she had been waiting forever since Aaron had proposed to her and she had agreed to marry him.  As early as then, she wanted to be something more than just a rich man’s wife.  Or even some politician’s wife, for that matter.  She knew she could be something more.  She held that she was better than Aaron and she was about to prove it.  As the chairwoman of the evening’s celebration stepped up to the microphone, it was evident that the news had already leaked to the press.  The noise and clamor in the banquet hall was deafening and people threw confetti, released the helium balloons, and shrieked like little children at a birthday party.

“I guess you’ve all heard the announcement,” the Mistress of Ceremonies proclaimed loudly while everybody yelled, clapped and cheered.  “Let’s have a big welcome for the President of the United States.”  She paused.  “Madame President, Nicole Keeling!”

Pandemonium ensued.  Nicole stepped up to the podium and took a deep breath ready for her next big moment as the crowd carried on, undeterred by her composure or her quiet smile that masked the exuberance she was really feeling.  It was a floating feeling as though she was not on the stage but was suspended high above, looking down on the confusion and hysteria below.

“We did it!” she exclaimed emphatically.  “One giant step for womankind.”

The crowd erupted again, continuing from the point it left off.  She attempted to speak three times before the crowd quieted down and let her talk.

“I can only thank you, all of my supporters for a victory unsurpassed in the history of this country.  We said we would all work together and we have proven it tonight.  Wives working with their husbands.  Employers working with the women who made them what they are.  The women who have made this country an icon for the world.  A nation to be admired among nations! A country of villages, towns and cities! The mothers, sisters, daughters, mentors, and helpers, all supporting family units that make this country great.  No one taking any individual credit, just fighting the battle one day at a time and never abandoning the struggle that brings us all here together tonight.”

“Our dreams are now a reality.  Now we can keep the promises to our children that make us credible in the annals of history.  We, as leaders of our country, can provide every person in this room, this city and all of the cities in America with the resources and tools they need to lead productive lives.  We don’t have to settle for second best.  We don’t have to protect ourselves and families from exploitation.  We can be the captain of our own ship and sail into a safe and prosperous harbor.”

The crowd inside and outside the banquet hall was going crazy again.  Nicole’s voice poured out of the loudspeakers with the resonance of an opera singer.  Melodious, harmonic and, most important, convincing.  She was so compelling; Aaron deemed it a bit scary.  But Aaron held that opinion to himself.  Nicole had law degree going for her, but her alliance with Alysia was not going to do for her what it had done for Aaron.  He had been Editor of the Law Review, and even though he had never written a critique or an opinion, he still graduated first in his class, or perhaps with some help.  Nicole was an excellent student.  She belonged to the previous year’s class and had been named to the Law Review in her school as well.   There was really was no difference.  Just healthy competition.

Aaron envisioned the first time she would attempt a legal argument or judgment that required interpretation of the Constitution.  He knew she would have to come to him, or someone like him, to bail her out.  So many times during his presidency he would have found himself in over his head if he had not been such an excellent lawyer, with Alysia as back-up..  They were able to defend his position against politicians and law professors alike.  He never had to back down from anyone and, he never did.  He stated his position and sustained it to the bitter end just as though he was arguing a case in court.  He never had to recant a thing.

Nicole could never be that lucky and it would not be long before the hand that had rocked the cradle would certainly not be ruling much of anything.  Or so he thought.  

Aaron followed her around the country like a puppy dog.  He would be present everywhere she spoke to explain her mistakes and errors he thought she made to whoever was there to listen and iron out the wrinkles in her ill-founded arguments.  This process went on for two years.  He explained everything to her every night expecting she would need him more the next time, but month after month her approval level rose where his had dropped when he was president.  Once Nicole’s ratings started to go up, they did so steeply and quickly.  At one point Aaron, was so irritated he asked her if he could just take off somewhere for a weekend to get some rest.  Even though she agreed, he thought about it again and said he planned to go later.   Unfortunately for her, that time never came.  

Part of the problem was certainly Alysia.  It became even more obvious that the two women were competing with one another and that got to Aaron on a whole new level. Nothing had ever tweaked him so much before.  Aaron was insanely jealous.  Not just of Nicole, but of Alysia, as well.  He was furious, absolutely fanatical about this state of affairs.  He had worked hard for what he got from the press and still, he was criticized.  Almost as though he was working for the wrong party.  Not that the press was biased, not by any means.  His level of patience with the problem declined as Nicole’s popularity rose He found himself obsessed, trying to gain further attention from the public and the media at every opportunity.  

One night, some time after dinner, Darcy Thayer, one of Aaron’s old buddies from law school that he had kept in touch with over the years, called from Dulles International airport.  After cutting through the red tape of Security, Darcy managed to get through to Aaron who then invited him to come directly to the White House for a late supper and a visit.
  
Darcy had his own practice now.  A small firm of twenty-five lawyers based in San Francisco dealing in tort law.  Accident cases mostly, with an occasional malpractice suit.  A steady but not flamboyant man, Thayer made his money one small or medium-sized case at a time.  Darcy was a bit taller than Aaron, had a head of wild dark curly hair, piercing blue eyes, and a receding chin, much like his English mother.   He walked with a regal bearing that was of great advantage to him in a courtroom setting.  

When Justin escorted Darcy into the library where Aaron sat in one of the comfortable Queen Anne leather chairs, Aaron rose and offered his hand, both men then exchanged a brotherly hug.  Darcy sat down and Aaron looked as happy as a schoolboy reunited with his favorite playmate.  This would be a good evening.  Aaron called for a bottle of champagne to celebrate and the evening began with the recounting of the many intervening years.  Triumphs and horror stories got spun and Aaron felt like almost a free man for the first time in years.  But this did nothing to solve his problem.  Sometime later in the evening after another bottle of champagne, a bottle of Petite Syrah, and a couple of Dubonnet martinis, the two men settled down to Napoleon brandy and a well-cured, Cuban cigar.

“I envied you when you were President and many more times since we were just first-year students in law school.”  Darcy gush with candor.

“Envied me?  Why so?  I’ve had some great times, fun and challenges, but it’s been no bed of roses, believe me.”

“I’m not sure why I did, actually.  I’ve been watching you on TV for a long time, although, I must admit, I haven’t seen much of you recently.  I thought you had the world by the tail.  As a matter of fact, from what I saw of you on the tube, you seemed a lot happier then than you do now.”

“Does it really show that much?”

“I don’t think it would to the guy on the street, but Nicholas and I were your best buddies.  I was the Best Man at your wedding, remember?”

“Yeah, I guess you’re right.”  Aaron hung his head like a little boy brought to task by his father for some outrageous deed.  This was followed by a brief silence in the room.

“Nicole!”  Darcy paused.  “That’s it, isn’t it?  It’s not easy working for your wife especially when you’ve taken a demotion to do it.”

A few minutes of silence followed.  Then Aaron felt emotions run through him from his head right through every tensing muscle of his body.  He couldn’t keep it under control any longer.  He who had always been the one with all the answers.  He, who everyone had always turned to for solutions to dilemmas.  He had become mute.  This was classified information about the President of the United States.  But Aaron was human and so was she and this was his old buddy.  His brother in the practice of law who had stood by him all his life.  At least up until this point.  Why shouldn’t this liaison continue?  Surely there was someone he could talk to without having to think about the country, the Secret Service or the CIA. Their conversations in the library weren’t recorded and there were only the two of them.  No witnesses.  He could say anything now.  Deny it later, if it ever came to that, which he knew it wouldn’t.

“There are times when I really wonder just how much more I can stand.  It’s not that Nicole doesn’t do her job well.  It’s all the favorable publicity she gets.  It doesn’t matter what decision she makes, good or bad, where she goes or who she talks to, the press is right there putting their stamp of approval out there for the whole country to see.  When I was president no one ever did that for me.  No one.  I had to earn every point I got.  Like making a winning score.  No adult male with any sense of self-worth can tolerate that kind of game forever!”

Aaron took a hard swallow of his brandy and then a long puff on his cigar as though he had finally gotten past the worst of what was bothering him. He needed some bolstering to maintain him after this confession.  

“I can’t imagine how you’ve managed to carry on as well as you have for this long.  I couldn’t have, I know that.  Why don’t you just go see the doctor or think up some excuse to resign?  Wouldn’t that be better than going on like this for six more years?” 

“Six years…” Aaron said, appearing to be in a trance.  Darcy waited for him to say something, but Aaron just sat there looking up at the crown molding and watching the smoke from his cigar dissolve in the upper reaches of the library. It climbed inexorably upward toward the thirty-foot ceiling.

“Aaron, come back to me. Earth to Aaron…” Aaron heard Darcy’s voice sifting back to him through the silence and the smoke.

“No, it’s OK, I’m here. It’s just that sometimes we just don’t really appreciate the mess we get ourselves into.  Look, I planned this whole thing.  I figured I could let her be the President for eight years and then I could run again.”

“No law against it I suppose. Not in terms of the Twenty-Second Amendment.  Is that what you were thinking?”

“Exactly, that’s precisely what I was thinking.  But what I wasn’t counting on was that she’d end up being so damned popular.”

“Oh, you’re thinking that maybe when she’s done you won’t be the desirable candidate anymore. Because she showed you up?”

“Exactly.”

“Well, you’ll never get her to change, and you sure won’t get her to quit.”

“You’re right about that.”  Aaron’s voice was somber. 

“So what are you going to do to stop her?”

“I’m just going to have to have some time to think about it.”

Aaron took a long puff on his cigar this time and blew it back into the dark musky air they had created with their evening of their thoughtful analysis of a complicated situation.  Aaron had to do something to hobble Nicole or his legacy was doomed.

“What would you do?”  Aaron asked as though he valued anyone else’s opinion.

“Is there anybody listening?” Darcy asked looking around his immediate location.

“Don’t be silly.  Do you think I’d be talking to you like this if there were?”

“Well, then I would arrange something that would challenge her credibility. Maybe, pressure her to resign?”

“That’s not a bad idea.”

“Because with her gone you’d automatically step into her place.”

“It’s never been done before.”

“That, in your own words, sir, is the best part.”

Both men sat there smiling as a knock came at the door and Nicole appeared out of thin air.  She smiled and said hello.












	




CHAPTER 25


Everyone agreed that the new White House ballroom was the largest and most elegant ballroom in the world.  Its construction had begun during Aaron’s administration.  This gigantic room had been contracted to take a year or less build at a cost not to exceed one hundred million dollars.  In the end it took six and a half years to build at a cost of four hundred thirty million dollars.  The cost was more than the cost of the original White House and Pentagon combined.  The best thing about it was it improved the national image of the country because all dignitaries could be seated at any one of the White House receptions without the use of tents or marquees.  In the past, those rooms had been used as the summer banquet rooms.  This meant that, even in the middle of winter, a dignitary like the president of China, could be wined and dined in the same manner the President of China would entertain the President of the United States.

Tonight was different.  It was Aaron’s fiftieth birthday.  He was only the lowly Vice president now and Nicole was certainly not paying much attention to him.  She, therefore, decided to throw a real gala, right at the White House, inviting the most distinguished stars and personalities along with the most incredible entertainment she could envisage.  Included were Aaron’s favorite performers, comedians, and other talent – some of them from as far away as England.

The ballroom comprised four city blocks in area, taking a staff of three hundred and fifty to plan, cater, serve and bus for an event.  This gala would put any party at Buckingham Palace to shame.  That was OK.  America had the money for things like this.  It better have.  Nicole had planned this party for a year and it was no secret.  The newspapers that covered such events had been carrying articles on this developing extravaganza for the last six months, speculating about the guests who would attend, the entertainment and the cost.  It would be The Inaugural Banquet Hall Premier, for want of a better title.  

The food was another matter.  Just the alcohol, champagne and bar were estimated to cost five hundred dollars per person and the guest list, including the entertainers, was estimated to be around two thousand people.  Every conceivable dish would be served at the buffet tables which would go continually throughout the evening with at least two hours of hors d’oeuvres being served with the initial bottles of champagne which was nothing less than Kristal.

The Hall was beautiful and built in keeping with the original White House ballroom design concept.  The magnificent crystal chandeliers were a breathtaking feature in a room that extended no less than five hundred feet.  The floor was the finest Italian marble.  The wall design was a replication of the palace of Louis XIV.  The furniture was all commissioned and made in France to complement the structure itself.  Opulent didn’t come close to describing this incredible structure.  A monument to compete with the Taj Mahal. 

   The day of the party Nicole had been up, unable to sleep and anxious to be sure everything that was needed was, in fact, done.  She checked with Alysia, who had done most of the arranging, asking her to come to the Oval Office at five o’clock, prepared to go over last minute details.  Nicole was bright and cheery when Alysia entered the office looking like she was disgruntled by having had her night’s sleep disturbed.  

“Is everything done, Alysia?  I haven’t slept, and I feel we’ve missed something.”

“You’re always worrying about things for no reason.  My staff and I have seen to absolutely everything one can imagine.  I’m not worried.  Neither should you be.  This is going to be a fabulous party.  It will be in every magazine and all over the Internet.  No one will miss it and you will be the envy of everybody.”

“I wish I had your confidence.”

“You do, Madam President.  That’s what got you where you are now.  Just calm down.  You need to think about who is going to be at this affair.  As to the people you need to endorse for the upcoming mid-term elections, you will need to find a quiet corner to talk to them, checking on what they plan to contribute to our ‘Foundation’.  These are the important things now.  Not what you’re going to wear, what you got Aaron for his birthday, or whether you invited all the right people…with all due respect, of course.”

“You’re right.  This is just such an incredible event I guess I’m getting a little carried away.  Anyway, you look like you could use a little rest yourself.  I guess I’ve been pushing you pretty hard.”

Alysia plopped down in the chair in front of Nicole’s desk.  One could see what ten years on the Hill had done to her.  Her eyelids and eyes had become puffy and wrinkles had formed on her forehead.  She wore her clothes well, but still from a distance the pounds showed even under her black suits, cut to minimize the bulges.  Her hair was her best feature because she had an incredible hairdresser who stopped by her apartment in the White House every day to maintain her crowning glory.

The passage of time showed in other ways too.  Alysia had become far less patient and wherever she sat she would tap on the arms of chairs as though punctuating the time she was wasting.  She had truly done her job, spending all her waking hours making sure Nicole’s position as President was secure. 

The relation ship between Alysia and Nicole continued to irritate Aaron who became more and more distraught with the familiarity and efficacy of their relationship.  He imagined all kinds of reasons for their time spent together.  If there was any suspicion of facts being withheld from him he became furious.  He would never say anything if an incident occurred which ignited his paranoia.  He would just quietly wait and smolder until they were alone and would then ask the Secret Service guy to get them martinis.  Nicole soon learned to recognize when a rant of this type was on its way.  Sometimes these tirades would go on past two in the morning and would range from a point of political protocol to plain unvarnished hostility and anger about imagined slights.  The resentment he felt for the Distaff Duo, as he would refer to them, was manifested in unabated hostility that was almost rabid now.

Tonight was a different kettle of fish.  This was the premiere of the most elaborate ballroom in the world.  A social event to put all previous administration parties to shame.  This occasion had to be perfect and, in this particular case Aaron really did have to rely on the Duo to get it done.  This was out of his realm.  Alysia had been working with Nicole for an hour when Aaron slipped into the room unannounced.  

“Well, so nice to see you ladies working for a change,” he said in a voice dripping with malice.

“We’re always working, Mister President, whenever we’re together.”  Alysia made the pronouncement in an exaggerated tone.   

“Which one of us was that meant for, Alysia?”  Nicole remarked curtly.

“You know that I always worry about your concerns, first and foremost.”  Alysia’s voice dripped with spite and the scowl on her face belied any amiability.

“I know that and that’s why I know this event will be a total success.”

“We have a guest list the Queen of England herself would envy.”

“Oh, is she not invited, by the way?”

“No, I’m afraid that is our only deficiency in this whole affair.”

“I don’t mind that, I think these type of things would be a real bore to someone used to the kind of pomp and circumstance she’s been spoiled with.”

“Well, I’m sure you won’t be bored.  Half of Hollywood will be here to start with and that should make you very happy.”

Aaron sat watching this interchange, bemusedly.

“Not that I think entertainers are really politically correct or that political correctness is the be-all and end-all of government.  But, all things considered, I like the Hollywood crowd and find them a good public relations for the party and even better for raising the most important resource of any political movement - money.”

“This isn’t really a fund raiser.”

“I’ll decide that.”  Aaron’s tone of voice changing abruptly from passive to aggressive.  “If I hadn’t done what I did to raise all the money needed for this party, we would never be in the position we are now.  Our policies aren’t popular with everybody in the country, you know, and it takes money to grease the wheels of politics.”

Oh, here it comes, thought Nicole.  I’m going to get my martini tonight and another parlor lecture from my husband, Mr. President, past of course, but always present.  Nicole was sick of these late night rants and would have been happy to see the end of them.  She had done everything for this occasion the way he had suggested and still he was sticking his nose into, yet another, aspect.  Nicole was too weary for this and decided to let it go.  I can’t fight him on everything, she thought , getting up from her chair and walking to the window so that she could look out on the pleasant day and the commotion around the grounds and building in preparation of their most exciting event ever. 

“I will be certain to take, shall we say generous guests aside and put a little bug in their ear.  I know who is approachable and who isn’t.  Somebody has to pave the way for this organization.  If they all want to be part of this extravaganza then they need to purchase a bid.  They certainly must have figured out by now that it’ll cost them.”  Aaron declaimed.

“Oh, I’m sure they have,” Nicole readily agreed, determined to sidestep yet another parlor lecture that evening.

“Oh, so you agree with me?  Well isn’t that a first?”

“You have me well trained.”

“I should, by now.”

Alysia was sitting there, silently taking all of this in trying to decide who sounded the more disingenuous and just how much worse this competition would get before some real harm came from it.  She was afraid that if Mr. President had his way that he would just bark orders for the sake of hearing himself which would result in poor ratings and the loss of the re-election of Nicole. That would be the end of any need for her. Alysia dreaded that most.

“Well, it sounds like you two are doing just fine on your own and I really must get back to finishing up the loose ends for tonight.”

“Oh that’s fine, Alysia.  I know you have things to do and I have to meet my hairdresser this afternoon in about...” Nicole looked at her watch.  “My goodness, I’m going to be late if I don’t get going, too.”

“My hairdresser doesn’t really care about me that much.  You girls get going.  I’ll catch up with you later,” Aaron said dismissively, a pout audible in his voice.

“Oh, and by the way…” Alysia added as a postscript.  “The more money raised, the more we like it.”

“In other words just keep it coming.  Is that it?”

“Do your best Mr. President.  You’re pretty good at that!”












	



CHAPTER 26


Justin Bradley was looking forward to this party because this was the first White House event that Andrea Pinkerton had been invited to, as a guest.  This oversight was mainly due to the fact that she was a private correspondent and, as such, wasn’t a member of the regular press corps.  She had often been passed over by politicians for party events.  This time she received an invitation.  Someone had figured it out and gotten it right.

Andrea was a stunningly beautiful girl with a marvelous figure and beautiful long blond hair that fell past her shoulders.  Her piercing blue eyes and brilliant, white smile made her look more like a supermodel than a syndicated columnist.  Justin had no idea what time she’d arrive because she had been reluctant to attend in the first place and had only agreed to do so, at his insistence.   

The party began with guests arriving in small groups.  At the front door a team of greeters and helpers handed out claim checks, taking their wraps to a special closet, which was a planned part of the building designed for just these occasions.  The ‘cloakroom’ was a hall a hundred feet in length with two levels of hangers arranged in alphabetical order and clearly marked to facilitate easy retrieval of belongings at the end of the evening. Andrea handed over her own jacket, a black cashmere Eton, trimmed with sheared lamb.  She arrived at the party alone, without an escort who would ordinarily do those things for her.  She was used to living on her own and gave little thought to a person looking out for her.

She saw Justin almost as soon as she entered the banquet hall and paused briefly, trying to catch his eye.  He smiled broadly, and then returned to his vigil.  She meandered slowly through the hall exchanging greetings with a handful of the reporters she knew well and some that she did not.  Many of the stag men would stop and try to start an extended conversation with her.  The women, on the other hand, saw her presence more as a threat than a kindred spirit.  By definition, she was not dependent on an editor to tell her what to do or not do, as was the case with other women reporters.    She wrote what she wanted and filmed what she wanted. If it sold - AP, or Reuters say - might pick it up and do with it as they pleased.  As long as it was paid for it, of course.  

She slowly, and without ceremony, made it over to one of the tables decorated for the occasion with an Asian display of beautiful cymbidiums and phalaenopsis interspersed with various epidendrums and other rare species of orchids intricately woven into the display complemented by an ice carving of a massive waterfall surrounded by pre-poured glasses of champagne.  At the end of the ten-foot table Nicole was standing looking very uncomfortable while guest after guest filed past, most of whom only paused briefly to say hello.  She could see Justin standing eight feet away from the end of the table with four other Secret Service agents, all instructed to give Nicole a little breathing room.  Justin was trying to behave as nonchalantly as possible, but the sight of Andrea in her sleek, black velvet floor length gown was more than he was used to and she drew his attention, at least for a moment, away from Nicole.    

“Good evening, Madam President,” Andrea addressed Nicole as formally as these occasions require.

“I don’t believe I’ve had the pleasure of meeting you before.” Nicole said, not recognizing Andrea.

“My name is Andrea Pinkerton.” 

Nicole had been working very hard that evening to profile every guest she considered to be important in terms of her own political position for the upcoming mid-term elections.  This would be her first of these elections and she was determined to gain every advantage she could before the actual vote.  She knew the more popular support she garnered the better her chance of winning a second term. That second term was extremely important to her and to Aaron, as well.  Aaron was standing back, just out of earshot, talking to the less important guests, thereby giving Nicole the freedom to sort out the guest who could do them the most good. She would give them her utmost attention.  She had been proceeding with this plan all evening, but Andrea was an enigma to her.  She didn’t know her or how she had wangled and invitation to the reception.

“And where are you from Andrea?”  Nicole smiled.

“The northeast.”

“Really, in what part of the northeast?”

Andrea smiled.  “One tiny little state.”  Both women laugh halfheartedly.  Nicole was becoming frustrated now because she wanted to know whether she was from a blue or red state and Andrea had given no indication either way.  All the same, both women felt an affinity for one another and the confession that Nicole was seeking from Andrea had developed into a game each was playing with the other.

“Is it a state with many lakes?”  Nicole was now curious.

“Not really, but lots of trees.”

“Maples, perhaps?”

“Very perceptive of you, Madam President.  Yes, maples.”  Andrea felt some warmth developing for this woman she had been watching for years, through reporter’s eyes.  She was starting to see her as intelligent, but somewhat naive. 

“And what is it you do then?”

“I’m what’s called a stringer.  Not to be confused with a reporter, since I work only for myself.”

“Good for you.  That’s the kind of freelance spirit I like to see.”

“The kind if spirit that made this wonderful country what it is.”

“Yes, exactly.  We’ll be in touch.”  Nicole didn’t care what political persuasion Andrea was.

“That would be very nice, Madam President.  Here’s my card.”  Andrea opened her evening bag and took out one of her business cards to hand to Nicole, which Nicole accepted graciously.  Andrea smiled and left the table without taking a glass of champagne in an attempt to leave the party as quickly as possible because the amount of media, noise and confusion was not her idea of a good time.  She just wanted a quick exit to a place quieter so she could meet with Justin after the commotion was all over.  

Aaron was having a difficult time staying away from Nicole that night and had noticed the prolonged conversation between the women.  He watched Andrea as she walked through the room and his mind was racing.  Aaron had been drinking, which was nothing new because he had been drinking more and more over the months since Nicole had been elected to the office; the office he should be holding by all rights.  He had hoped for more teamwork from her, but her relationship with Alysia had intensified. As time had past, Nicole now rarely asked for his advice. She was meeting with some success with her own decisions, and this had not made him a happy man.

“Mister President, is there anything I can do for you before I leave tonight?  I’m off duty here in just a few minutes and thought I had better check with you.”  Justin was getting ready to go to meet Andrea.

“Yes, as a matter of fact, yes.”  The second yes was far more emphatic than the first.

“That woman in the black velvet dress, the one that just left...”

“The one Nicole was talking to for so long?”

“Yes.”

“Who is she?”

“Her name is Andrea Pinkerton.”

“Do you know her?”

“She’s a member of the press.”

“Why haven’t we seen her before?”

“She works for herself.  She syndicates her work out of DC.”

“Well, I want to know what she was talking to my wife about.  Get a video of their conversation and a transcription.  Bring it to my office at nine, tomorrow morning.  I don’t like this.”

“Yes, sir.”

Justin didn’t want to tip his hand.  He knew the whole conversation was probably harmless but he also knew that Aaron’s endurance as the nation’s vice president was wearing thin.  Justin was uncertain where all of this was leading. He just wanted to get out of this quagmire to meet with Andrea. Aaron’s comments had put a damper on what might otherwise have turned into a pleasant evening.

“I’ll get someone right on it, sir.”

“Yes.  A full investigation.”

“Tomorrow?”

“Fine.  And Nicole, she doesn’t need to know anything about this, understand?”

“Understood, Mr. President.”


  




 


 







CHAPTER 27


The roads were still wet from the quick burst of thundershowers earlier that evening.  Small beads of water drizzled down the windshield of the presidential limo and scattered as the wipers cleared them away to enhance visibility in the darkness of the late night traffic on Constitution Avenue.  Justin had to get out of the area to meet with Andrea who had said her farewells to depart for her home, fifteen miles to the northeast of DC.  As he reflected on the events of the night he couldn’t help but think about how Keeling had changed since he had taken on his new role as Vice-President and adviser to Nicole.  Nicole didn’t seem to mind the arrangement because she and Alysia just ignored him anyway and made no bones about it. Mr. Keeling, on the other hand, obviously wasn’t taking his demotion well and it was also apparent that he didn’t feel he’d signed up for eight years of being the Consort to the American President.

Justin often met Andrea at her condo, but always during the day.  In fact, this was the first time he had ever been there at night.  He had always been curious to see the inside. As soon as she left the White House she had texted him, that they should meet there to talk as soon as possible.  Andrea was not one to become alarmed at much of anything, so her text message piqued his curiosity.  Just as he was about to turn into Andrea’s guest parking space, he received another text message, this one from Peter DeCosta, his partner.  Reportedly, the FBI had assessed Aaron as “out of control”.

Justin used his fob to open the gate of the condominium complex and was soon in Andrea’s warm and inviting condo, replete with a glowing fireplace and a welcoming glass of brandy sitting on the coffee table to greet him as he walked in.

“I can’t believe Aaron Keeling.  It’s almost like he’s about to lose it.”

“What happened?”

“After you left tonight, Aaron called me aside to ask me who you were and why you and Nicole were at the buffet table, talking behind his back.”

“Are you serious?”

“Worse than that.  I got the rest of the message just as I arrived here.  DeCosta texted me and told me that Keeling has been after the FBI, and anyone else he could get a hold of, to find out what Maple Syrup has to do with any of our ops, covert or otherwise.”

“That’s just, plain crazy!”

“It gets worse.  He wants both of you followed for the next week to see if you two see each other again.” Justin took a swallow of the brandy Andrea had left for him and then finished the glass before putting it back down on the table.  

The condo was beautifully decorated.  The furnishings were soft and inviting, contrasting strikingly with the dark wood paneling, which made the living room feel even friendlier.  Justin began to unwind a bit but still felt uneasy that some unforeseen event was going to change things dramatically.  Keeling couldn’t keep up this game of Charades much longer. All Aaron’s social prowess wouldn’t disguise the flaws Justin saw unraveling Aaron’s life and temperament.

“You can’t be serious!”  Andrea blurted.  “I won’t stand for this kind of treatment!”  She tuned to look at him; incredulous that Keeling would even suggest such a thing. 

“I don’t know that you have any choice in the matter.”  Justin reminded her.

“We’ll just see about that.”  Andrea was defiant now, and getting angrier.

“He is the Vice president.”

“That’s all he is.  That’s all he ever will be. He’s a has-been, and he can’t take it!”

“I still have to put you under surveillance.”

Justin could see he was getting nowhere with their conversation when Andrea plopped beside him on the couch with the brandy bottle in one hand and a glass in the other.  She put her glass down and took his, pouring brandy into it and handing it back.  She put the Hennessey down, gestured with her libation, and proffered a quick toast. In unison, they drank and put their glasses down.  The night was beginning to improve.

“We need to work out a plan to stop Aaron from interfering in things that are not his business.” 

“What can we do?”

“Not we, my dear, you.”

“I’m just doing my job.”

“You’re going to have to do more than that or he is going to make your life miserable.”   

“There’s nothing I can do.” Justin maintained.

“Take over my surveillance, personally, and report back to Keeling whatever you want.  You can do that, in your position.”

“That’s insane.  That’s breach of duty.  I’d lose my job for that.”

“Then what can we do?  No, wait.  You go see Alysia and tell her the president and Keeling are under a lot of stress and they should have a little getaway to take some of the pressure off their relationship --before the mid-terms.”

Justin thought for a minute and said, “That’s not a bad idea.  But I still would have to put someone else out there to watch you.”

“OK, but tonight I can do anything I want, right?  No surveillance, right?”

“Right.”

“Good.”

Andrea looked meaningfully into Justin’s eyes and took him by the hand and pulled him willingly to his feet.  She turned off the living room light as she went and led him to her bedroom.  He knew tonight should have happened a long time ago and wondered why both of them had to be pushed this hard to do something that was so easy and natural. 

Or was it?














CHAPTER 28


Seeing Alysia that morning wasn’t something Justin was really looking forward to.  Andrea had been so persuasive the night before that he tried to keep his mind off Andrea and on Alysia, as he made his way decisively and directly to her office.  The concealed lighting which illuminated the walls gave them a surreal appearance much like the events which had lead up to this morning’s task.  He didn’t care much for Alysia to start with because of her obtrusive nature, and having to ask her for, what roughly amounted to, a political favor, was not something he would have thought of on his own.  In all the years he had been part of the Secret Service he had handled everything he could, independently.  But this situation was different.  First of all there had never been a President in the history of the country who, in order to stay in power, had come back into the White House as the Vice president.  It had been tried once in Russia and that had worked.  But this wasn’t Russia and that was a while ago.  But it had set the stage for a new political era.

Politics had gone from a game of righteous power and military strength to one of money control and legal strength.  The way the game was played now left the public unaware, for the most part, of what the issues even were.  Applicable facts were gathered together by an inner circle that manipulated, managed and disseminated them.  It wasn’t like an army raging through one village after another or one country after another, leaving a trail of carnage and smoldering destruction in its wake.  Instead, it was laws, regulations, and ordinances asserted, misapplied and enforced through administrative means to a compliant world.  The public seemed unaware that it was the switch that controlled the lights, not the dam, the generator or the power lines. Once again, it was a silent coup.  One could say it was a complete bastardization of the legal system by the administration that was leaving the legislative and judicial branches impotent and dysfunctional.  By the same token, the public didn’t need to voice their approval but did so by means of Consent By Silence.  Everyone was guilty of it.

The corridor in front of Alysia’s reception area was quiet and Justin hoped for just a few seconds that she wasn’t at her desk so that he could report back to Andrea that he had tried to see her.  As he looked from one end of the hall to the other she appeared, and that was Game Over, as far as he was concerned.  He smiled, but Alysia was not smiling back.  She could just as well be wearing a black shroud for the air that enveloped her entire countenance.  Her hair looked like it hadn’t seen a brush in two days.  Her mascara had smeared onto the bags under her eyes possibly put there by worry, fatigue or alcohol. That was something that Justin, himself, could relate to from earlier times.  Her clothes looked as if she’d slept in them and it was apparent that she had spent the night out without returning home for a morning refresher.

All of this was strange because Alysia was coming from the direction of the Oval Office as returning from a high-level meeting.  It was clear that things had not gone well and, from the look on her face, it might have been finalizing plans for a funeral rather than debating a proposed course for the country.  Alysia had worked very hard for Aaron for almost eight years and even harder for Nicole, for the last two. 

It was evident that her appearance wasn’t a primary concern.  Her hair wasn’t gray since it was routinely colored but the constant blow-drying, curling and spraying had taken their toll.  The suits she wore these days were five years old and painfully out of style for Washington.  The stress and fast-paced life she had been leading consisted of long workdays, large, calorie-laden meals, and sleepless nights. She had put on so much weight that her clothes clung to her so tightly they fit as they might on a neglected scarecrow stuffed with straw, guarding a field gone fallow.

“Alysia.  Can you give me a couple of minutes?”

“I’m very busy this morning and I still have a desk covered with reports to deal with.  You know the drill.  Is it very important, or can we let it go till Wednesday?”

“Not a good idea.  It’s about our former president and, in my opinion, requires immediate attention.  It shouldn’t take long, though.”

Alysia shrugged and sighed audibly pulling her keys out of her pocket as she did so. Quietly, she proceeded to the office door to unlock it. She pushed the door open for Justin and the world to see.  The desk was smallish by White House standards and stacks of papers covered much of the available hardwood floor with only the desk, two leather office chairs and a Chinese hooked rug as usable space for any type of meeting or interview.  The walls were covered with citations and awards.  There were no pictures except the ones on the awards and one small photo on her desk, which looked very old and out of date.  It was a headshot of a man that Justin assumed to be her missing husband.  No pictures of children, pets or parents.  What a sad existence, he thought to himself.

As Alysia collapsed into her chair, she sighed and kicked off her shoes, conveying that she was on her own turf now. 

“So what is this looming crisis we need to address before coffee or breakfast?” she muttered querulously.

“It really is a looming crisis and all the sarcasm in the world won’t change it.”

Alysia was taken aback by this abrupt comment on the part of Justin and she decided to moderate her approach to him.  At least, until she found something more concrete to attack him with.

“Look, it’s been a horrific morning and I just need a little time to recover from the last situation before plunging forward into another.”

“That’s fine with me.  What happened last night is just something I feel you should be aware of. If you have some time to think about it, I’m sure you can come up with an effective solution.”

“What is the situation, or should I say, the problem?” 

“Aaron is losing patience with Nicole.  He was playing the role of helpmate and Father Confessor when Nicole’s term started.  Now he’s getting suspicious of her.”  Justin had to convince this hardcore skeptic, somehow.

“Suspicious of her?  She does everything I advise her.  She doesn’t do anything without conferring with me. First.”

“Just like your relationship with Aaron when he was President?”

“Exactly!  So.... What’s the problem?”

“I think it’s the fact that Nicole isn’t discussing your advice with him.  She is being very… circumspect.”

“And he interprets this as… secretive?”

“Yes.  That is exactly what he is doing, and he is also becoming suspicious of people in the press and other people Nicole meets with on a daily basis.”

“Which people?  I can’t help you unless I know exactly what I’m dealing with.”

“People like Andrea Pinkerton.”

“The syndicated columnist?”

“Yeah.  Nicole and her met at the reception Saturday and now Aaron thinks there’s some Black Op afoot called Maple Syrup. He thinks that the two women were discussing it, and now he wants Andrea followed.”

“So, what were the women discussing?”

“Maple trees in Vermont, where Andrea comes from.”

“You have got to be kidding.  No, I know you wouldn’t do that.  It’s just not rational and that’s not like Aaron.”

“Maybe it wasn’t in the past, but it is now.  I know he’ll listen to you though.”

“What can I tell him?  I don’t know this woman at all.  I saw her at the party and someone said she was controversial in her coverage of the politics in Washington. That’s it for me,” Alysia recounted matter-of-factly.

“I know this sounds a bit like I may be reaching, to some extent and, to a certain extent I am, but what about sending the two of them off on a second honeymoon.  A little vacation, you know?  Just ten days or so, to let Aaron cool down and this situation mellow out so that he can come back with a new outlook. Maybe, he won’t feel so threatened by Nicole’s success in the office of President,” Justin suggested half-heartedly.

“You think he’s jealous.  Is that what it seems like, to you?”

“I don’t think it. I know it.  He has gone from simple jealousy to plotting and scheming and if this keeps up I’m not sure what his next move’ll be.  I thought if you could suggest it to Nicole and when he tells me, I could reinforce the wisdom of doing what you suggested.  I think it might work, since you have pretty much run the presidential show for ten years now, so maybe he would go along with it.”

Alysia stood up from the comfort of her chair, walked toward the window and looked out at the snow on the grounds of the White House.  The sun was shining and the snow was starting to melt along with the icicles, and yet the scene was bleak and cold.  It was enough to make anyone but an overactive child stay inside to keep warm.  She remained quiet for a few minutes that seemed to last forever and then turn toward Justin with a new look of determination on her face. He could tell she had come to a decision.

“I think you’ve called this one right, and in the right manner.  I think the cure for Aaron’s paranoia involves getting him as far from the political arena as possible for long enough to allow the bond between the two of them to re-form 

“We can’t discuss this with anyone else because if we do, and Aaron gets word of it, we’re both in a lot of trouble.”

“We’d never hear the end of it.”

“Could mean our jobs...”

“Especially if the two of them discuss it.”

“Exactly!” said Alysia.  She had made up her mind the way she did in every crisis.  I can’t let this duo fall apart right in front of my eyes, she thought, eyeing Justin.  This guy is right.  These two have to work something out and think about where their future is, but they can’t do it around here…too many distractions.

“I just came from Nicole’s office and there are some international issues she has to respond to today.  I’ll grab some dinner here, with her tonight, and with a good meal and some nice wine, I’ll start planting the seeds.”

“I think that’s just great.  I was hoping you would see this from my perspective. I’ve been awake most of the night thinking about it and how to handle it.”  This part was a lie, but it was about all that was left to say and he wanted to leave the meeting on a positive note.  Justin stood up to go and Alysia sat down again as though giving permission for him to leave.

“Stay in touch,” Alysia smiled for the first time.

“We can smooth out this situation and get them back on track.”

“We’d better.”









  








CHAPTER 29


Justin Bradley’s hands were steady, although his palms were hot and wet.  His breath came in rasps and every nerve in his body was as taut as banjo strings.  He had to find somebody to talk to.  Someone he could trust. That wasn’t possible in the Secret Service. Not when the subject matter was a murder of the president.  Bradley had been in the Service nearly ten years and was still the youngest man to ever be in charge of this stalwart troop of men guarding the president.  He added it up.  Eight years of Keeling and now, two plus years of Keeling II.  With ten years and counting, of Keelings, it was beginning to feel like some sort of hegemonic monarchy.  

What Justin had just seen earlier today made him a witness to a crime unique in the history of the presidency.  He couldn’t deal with it. He could not have prevented it.  He could not have stopped it.  It was done.  He could not report it, because there was no one to report it to.  He could not change it because what had happened would change history.  But he had to do something!  Talk to someone.  Tell someone!

He couldn’t talk to Alysia because she would never be able to keep her mouth shut.  He couldn’t talk to his partner or anyone else in the Secret Service because he was ostensibly in charge of it, and all correlated operations.  If he jumped the ladder in the Secret Service, he would undermine his own testimony as a witness. He still had to do something, and he had to do it fast.

He pulled out his iPhone and looked at the images again.  Crystal clear.  No question of the meaning. It was all there on that brief video and there was no doubt what conclusions would be drawn by anyone if they ever saw what he had captured, accidentally, on that phone in three seconds.  How did the world ever get this crazy?  Who would have believed a president could serve eight years and then campaign to put his wife in the Office and then actually, pull it off?  Ten years ago it would have been unheard of.  A total impossibility.  Now it was a reality and he was stuck, trying to cope with this event and his spur-of-the-moment video clip.  Evidence scattered down on the face of a remote cliff in Kalandra, Greece.

What about the Twenty-Second Amendment he thought?  How had they managed to finagle their way around that?  Easy, I guess, if you stopped to think about it.  That amendment only says a man can’t be president for more than two terms, served concurrently.  If a man can be vice president for two terms and then president for two terms, why can’t a man be president for two terms and then vice president for two terms?  Even if the presidential nominee happens to be his wife.  After all, she’s free to choose anyone she wants as a running mate.  No questions asked, so why not her husband and former President of the United States?  Who’s going to question that selection?   Certainly not the voting public.  Even the House of Representatives has to admit that the amendment only refers to the president and doesn’t even mention the vice presidential selection.  Not much foresight on the part of the drafters of that document, Justin thought.  That’s a topic that will have to be dissected by talk show hosts to callers who try to argue the intent of the founding fathers, not the written text. How long could a constitutional attorney argue that?

This was no day to avoid drinking.  Back in the city at the hotel, Justin use the mini bar provided -dismissing the Calvados and Ouzo - he chose the vodka to steady his nerves and dull his senses, if just for the moment.  His thoughts returned to the earlier events of the day. His recollection was crystal clear.  He tried to breathe the way he had been taught in basic training.  The way they teach snipers to breathe.  Start at normal breathing and slow it down with each breath until your minimum is reached.  Shallow breaths, slower heart rate, long endurance, steady hands.  Lower your heart rate, your blood pressure and your oxygen dependence, all together.  Regulated metabolism.  Ready for the shot. 

As Justin reflected on what had transpired, he knew that his partner, Peter DeCosta, couldn’t have seen the incident.  Only the aftermath. The swooping helicopters and Secret Service agents running franticly past one another to, somehow, stop what had already happened.  A useless flight of meaningless events.  Peter had been behind a bend in the trail when the fall occurred.  The fall was a planned event.  It involved the lifting up and letting go.  The footwork of a ballet dancer plus the choreography of leverage, balance, and timing, combined.  The hand of the victim reaching out for support being met with another hand, momentarily, followed by a flip of the wrist, an extension of the arm and then the tragic, spontaneous fall that ended fatally.  Impossible to prove.  One that no one could see and no one record.

 But one man had seen it.

Justin had seen it.  All of it.  He had recorded everything relevant to the slip and fall on his iPhone.  An attorney’s easiest type of tort case. The best evidence to bring in the insurance money quickly and without question.  A fast settlement.  Not, perhaps, for a lot of money but for enough to be worthwhile.  Was that the motivation?  Did Aaron do what he did, for money?  Or, was he compelled by Nicole’s treatment of him for the last two years. Or was his Act of War due to covetous frustration.  Seeing his wife, day after day, week after week, projecting forward for six more years.  Her, ruling the kingdom as well as he had. Maybe better. Showing him up.  Embarrassing him to the whole world.  Demeaning him in front of his peers.  Is this what he signed up for, becoming vice president in the wake of his presidency?

Justin could see why it happened and he knew how it happened.  On top of that, he had the evidence of it.  But now what could he do?  He sat there on the side of the bed in his Mediterranean hotel drinking his vodka, doing nothing.  Ruminating, he accepted that there was no way he could have saved Nicole from plummeting from the cliff to the rocky beach below.    He scurried, with others, from the cliff to where the hike had begun to find Nicole who had fallen without anything to lessen or prevent her fall.  He could understand now why Aaron had pooh-poohed the idea of them wearing safety helmets.  Aaron maintained that they were both experienced hikers and the idea was absurd.  Nicole, not to be outdone, agreed with her husband.

 “It’s OK, Nicole, you don’t have to patronize me.”  Aaron huffed.

“I’m not, Aaron, I just want Justin to realize that endorsing all those candidates kept you running around from state to state all that time, and anyone would be worn out after all that.” 

 “I just want to spend some time with my wife.  Is that too much to ask?”  Aaron maintained.

“No, of course not, Mr. President, we’re only here to make sure we keep you safe.”  Justin stated, being the spokesman for the detail.

 “He’s been under a lot of stress lately, with the Mid-terms coming up, and all.”  He remembered Nicole purring as she did when she wanted something from him or his guys.

“That’s fine, Madam President.  We are only concerned with your well-being.”  Justin hoped to smooth down the friction he could see developing.  Justin was sensing through all of this that there was more to this whole situation than he knew and chose to consent.  Where were these two going with all of this? was his question to himself.  He knew Aaron had an agenda, but it was farther-reaching than he suspected.

She and Aaron had begun their hike from the trailhead in a small park, amidst a meadow of grass and heather. The trail soon meandered up and along the cliff overlooking the scenic Mediterranean coast.  Justin instructed his agents to stay back about a hundred feet to give the lovebirds some personal privacy.  The idea seemed harmless enough to Justin who had agreed to accompany the First Couple. 

 One Secret Service agent started out about fifty yards ahead of the couple with Justin bringing up the rear, perhaps thirty yards behind them.  The radio traffic among the agents was peremptory and routine.

“Good.  Let’s get started.  Where’s my gear?”  Nicole inquired as she began picking up her daypack and climbing gear.  She selected a sweater from the pack and pulled it over her head.  Her face looked markedly tired under a layer of opaque makeup, which she blotted and dabbed but still failed to hide the evidence of six weeks of insomnia.  The rest of her appearance was immaculate, as usual.  Every hair in place.  Clothes perfectly matched and coordinated.  Nothing left to chance.  Not by her, or Alysia.  

“We don’t get much quality time.”  Aaron had begun one of his rants, which already had a political tone to it.  This was nothing new for him.  He just needed to get her away from these guys.  Once they got on the trail they’d have some privacy, he thought gleefully to himself.  He had never changed in all the years of politics.  All for one and all for him.  That had been the name of his game.  He had come to the culmination of the very thing he had planned since childhood.  He was about to achieve tenure.  At least another ten years of it.  Even more, if he could.

Justin recalled reaching Nicole’s body on the beach three hundred yards below the trail.  She was lying face down in a shallow pool of seawater under her chest and head.  The upper part of her body had landed between two large boulders, which would have grossly disfigured her had she landed on them.  Everyone else stepped back as Justin and Peter ran to the body.  Justin knew what Aaron had done, but kept it to himself.  Stepping back from the puddle, squinting upward. Jason shaded his eyes from the sun, to see Aaron, with three agents in attendance, on the cliff above.  Another indication, in Justin’s mind, that Aaron knew the area where the hike was to take place, better than he had let on and that he might have prevented the accident, if it really was an accident.  Justin felt it wasn’t.  The video on his iPhone seemed to confirm this.  So now what should he do?

The only advantage that Justin had was that Aaron did not know what Justin had seen and recorded. Justin knew that Aaron would take advantage of the fact that, even if Justin had seen exactly what happened, no one else had.  The point man was in front of them, facing forward, and Peter, his partner was around the bend of the trail, briefly blocking his view of the event.  If Aaron suspected Jason’s true awareness of Nicole’s fall, he would be a dead man.  Just a phone call to someone in Aaron’s circle of deceit and Justin would disappear.

















CHAPTER 30


The return trip to Washington on Air Force One was a nightmare. The flight was smooth enough and uneventful. Otherwise blue skies were dotted with puffy, white clouds.  They had climbed out at four hundred knots to level off at forty thousand feet with their speed maintained at five hundred twenty knots.  This would be the longest trip of Jason’s life.   

The cabin was large and spacious, laid out like a men’s club reading room.  A light beige, buttery soft, leather sofa with two matching armchairs faced one another with a coffee table in between.  Justin sat cross-legged on the sofa with a copy of the New York Times in his lap, the newspaper functioning more as a prop than anything else.  His mind was racing, though his pulse had finally slowed down and evened out.  Suddenly Aaron, who had, till now, sequestered himself in the Presidential Cabin, entered the common area and seated himself in one of the chairs facing Justin.  He plopped down onto the chair cushion abruptly, startling Justin.

Aaron appeared calm and rested.  He sat with his hands clasped, as if in prayer, leaning slightly forward with a thoughtful, passive expression on his face.  

“I hope I’m not disturbing you.” Aaron offered.

Justin’s heart rate jumped as he looked back at Aaron with astonishment.  Who is this guy, and what planet does he come from, he asked himself?  Here he virtually pushes his wife off a cliff one minute, jumps on Air Force One less than two hours later, takes a thirty-minute break and here he is back from his personal introspection, pumped up and ready to go, again.

“No, not at all,” Justin answered.

“Doing a little reading, I see?”

“I try to keep up with events, that’s true.”  This comment went right past Aaron, who then carried on without missing a beat.

“That’s good.  I want the Service to be well informed.  You can never know too much, can you?”

“I suppose…you’re probably right about that.”

How does this son of a bitch come up with these comments with his wife’s warm blood still on his hands?  What kind of monster is he? Justin’s heart was racing again.  Where’s he going with this?  Justin asked himself.

“I just need a few minutes with you if you don’t mind.  I have some important decisions to make.”

“Certainly, Mr. President.”

“My first consideration is always the United States of America and that’s why I am seeking your advice on this delicate matter.  I feel terrible about Nicole, but the running of this country is paramount…a continuous war.”

“Excuse me?”  Justin sat there incredulous.

“Yes, you heard me correctly.  Being the president, one is literally at war, all the time.  The manner in which you are perceived by the rest of the world is of vital importance to the safety and integrity of the country.  If some foreign interest, some fringe state, decides you are weak, anything can happen, am I right?”

“I suppose so.”

“Good, then we agree.  I was sure you would see it my way.”  Aaron had a way of sounding so supercilious and arrogant Justin thought to himself.

“I’ll do what I can for justice and the country.”

“Yes, justice…and expedience.  That’s why I was thinking we should radio ahead to set up the swearing-in ceremony as soon as we set down.  We can’t let America be without a president, even for an hour.”

“No one knows of the accident yet, so that gives us a couple of hours lead time, that’s true,” Justin said trying to lead Aaron away from being sworn in before he could do something to stop it.

“My thoughts exactly.  Kind of like when they swore in Johnson when Kennedy was assassinated.  There’s always a little lag time, and that’s why we have to take advantage of it.”

“How would you like me to proceed?”

“Then we agree.  There’s no point in wasting time, so don’t bother radioing ahead.  We must have someone here on board who is qualified to swear me.”

“You mean right here?”

“Yes, here and now.”

“Like Johnson did?”

“Yes.  He had Judge Sarah Hughes swear him in.”

“We don’t have any judges on board, Mr. President.”

“That’s true.  But we do have a good alternative.”

“What would that be?”

“Well, actually I was thinking of you.”

“I don’t hold any legal office.”

“No, and there are no clear-cut guidelines as to who can do this, but you are a member of the Secret Service and have the security clearance needed to do this sort of thing.”

“Kind of like when they didn’t have a Bible on Air Force One the last time?”  Justin said sarcastically.

“Except that I do have a Holy Bible this time.  I always bring it with me.”

Justin knew this was a lie and at that moment he knew how well planned this whole scheme of Aaron’s had been. How could he do this?  How could he blithely perform this act, which was clearly an act of treason, as well as murder, and remain this glib?  Did Keeling have something else planned and was he making him look like a co-conspirator so that if Justin did find a way to expose the truth of what happened in Greece that he would look like part of a plot if he revealed it?  Who was this monster?

“I’m sure we could take care of all of this better if we waited until we get on the ground at Andrews.  Why don’t I just have the pilots call ahead to make sure proper arrangements are made for when we arrive?”

“No.  Definitely not.  I’ve made up my mind and I need your help.  You and I are going to become very close because of all of this.  We’re soul mates now, as far as I am concerned.”

Justin was trapped.  He could feel Aaron’s fingers slipping around his neck and putting him into a stranglehold he would never escape from.

“When do you want to do this?”

“Within the half hour.  No later.  Gather the rest of the detail and let’s get it done, immediately.”

“Is that an order?”

“I was hoping you wouldn’t have to ask me that, but yes, it is an order.”

“Yes, Mr. President.  Consider it done.”  Justin swallowed hard.

“Good.  Now, there’s something else we need to discuss.”

Surely, he couldn’t muddy the waters any more.  Justin was having a very difficult time trying to maintain any semblance of professionalism as it was. 

“That girl, that reporter that was following Nicole at the Christmas party…”

“Andrea Pinkerton?”

“Yes, that’s her.  I want her under twenty-four-hour surveillance as soon as we get back. You can arrange it.”

“Why on earth?”

“I think she and Nicole were trying to plan some kind of Black Op.  Something maybe coordinated with the CIA.  I think that could be what distracted Nicole and made her let go of my hand back there.  I want to know the truth.”

“I suppose that’s an order too?”

“Absolutely.  We can’t let the whole world go to hell now, can we?”

“No.  Not when they have you to take care of it.”

“I will do my best.”

“I have no doubt of that, sir.  None at all.”




  









CHAPTER 31


The swearing-in ceremony went off without a hitch.  Aaron had won his battle.  No contest.  As the plane cruised at forty thousand feet the new, or returning, President Keeling sat in the comfort and security of Air Force One, appearing serene.  At one point, Justin wondered if his head had grown even larger.  How could all of this have happened? What could Justin do now to invalidate this disaster? How to put the United States government back together before this man nullified the government for which his forefathers fought the War of Independence? My God!

France was one of the world’s oldest, self-governing nations.  The French had insured that the monarchy never reared its ugly head again by separating the heads from the bodies of all royalty in  France.  What better insurance could there be than that?  But that wasn’t civilized and we are.  Clearly, we are now.  Or so we tell ourselves.  Now these things are all decided as a matter of law and administrative directives.  These directives don’t require a vote by a duly elected body.  So, where Aaron Keeling is concerned, all bets are off.  He is re-writing the book.  Maybe even the Constitution if, in fact, it still exists.  The problem is that he is an opportunist, a liar and a murderer.  Not someone an informed individual would want running the country.

They were four hours into the flight and two hours had passed since the swearing-in. Keeling returned from his office area to the common area at the front of the plane, again sitting down before Justin.

“I’ve been thinking,” he began.  “I don’t want people to get the wrong idea when we get back home.  I need to run the country and be available for all manner of government.  But I don’t want people to think I’m insensitive.  You know what I mean?”

“Not exactly.  Would you elaborate?”

Justin was getting tired of playing father-confessor to this man and needed to get away from him, even if just for a while to think and try to formulate some kind of plan to try to stop him.

“Well, I know I have a meeting scheduled with the German ambassador and then there are the Mid-Terms coming up this week.  I will be expected to take some time in mourning, but I really can’t do that and still do my job.  I don’t want to be perceived by the voters as being non-caring, you know?”

“No one will think that.”
	
“So what is your reasoning?”

“Everyone knows what you’ve been through but will admire you for your loyalty to the country and you fulfilling your sworn duties like a true patriot.”

“That’s brilliant, Justin!  I’ll meet with my press secretary as soon as we return and get that out to all the important services.  Then I’ll schedule an address and tell the country of the horrific experience and how the only way Nicole might have been saved would have been to just not be there.”

“I’m sure that’s true and the nation will appreciate your honesty.”

Justin sat in total disbelief.  Everything that came out of this president’s mouth was a lie. If only Nicole was still alive and she hadn’t gone on the second honeymoon. Second honeymoon, my ass! Even that was probably planned.  He would have found a way to do what he did under other circumstances.  It was all Justin could do to continue functioning as a sounding board for this man and his patience was wearing thinner by the moment.  Aaron was a monster.  A pariah in sheep’s costume. 

Justin excused himself and left Aaron in the lounge area, while he made his way to the back of the plane for a brief escape.  On the way he motioned the steward toward the bar to pour him a glass of Glenfiddich, which the steward did, albeit with a hint of disapproval on his face.  Justin downed the three fingers of Scotch and then made his way back toward the tail of the plane to another small sitting area usually occupied by the other members of his detail.  Fortunately it was empty, which made Justin wonder where everybody else was at this hour.  Even so it was a nice relief from the hectic and crazy events of the day.  

His mind was racing.  He had to see Andrea as soon as possible but he didn’t dare risk making a call to her from the air. Someone could intercept it.  He would make sure she was under surveillance, with his people. They would report to him directly. When they returned, he would get involved with the process to become part of that detail, which would allow him to make contact with her personally.  He had to be alone with her.  He had to talk to her and get a sense of how she fit into this whole thing.  Had she known what was going to happen and then failed to warn him?  He felt he knew her better than that.  So then, was Keeling just baiting him?  Aaron was certainly capable of that and a whole lot worse, as was evidenced by his recent act of treason.

Once the plane set down on the Andrews Joint Base runway, Justin started to feel a bit more in control of the situation.  He was the first person off the plane and let Peter DeCosta to take care of the details of getting the president back to the White House.  

He had to see Andrea before he set the matter of the surveillance into motion.  He found his way quickly to the parking lot and was on the Capital Beltway in less than fifteen minutes.   He drove as quickly as the traffic would allow and made it to Andrea’s place in good time.  Since there had been no real news of what had happened leaked to the press yet, it gave him the opportunity to speak openly to Andrea without interference or pressure by the rest of the media.  He pulled out his iPhone and had Andrea on the line within seconds.

“I’m just outside your door.”

“I’ll let you in. Hold on.”

She opened the door, attired in her slinky nightgown and alluring perfume.  More than anything Justin wanted to just be with her and share the comfort he had been without for so long but his sense of duty and urgency prevailed.  He kissed her passionately but then pushed her very gently back.

“Look at me,” he pleaded.  “Something has happened. Something very, very serious. We have to talk quickly because I can’t stay here.  I have to get back to the White House before I’m missed.”

Andrea was startled by Justin’s odd request but looked at him quizzically, the reporter in her sensing news.

“What’s going on?  I haven’t heard from you for three days and that isn’t like you.”

“Nicole Keeling is dead.”

“What? My God, that can’t be!”

“No mistake.  It just hasn’t been announced yet.”

“What in hell happened?”

“Aaron Keeling.  That’s what happened.”

“You don’t mean to tell me that he killed her?”

“That’s exactly what I mean.”

“Are you sure?”

Justin reached into his coat pocket and pulled out his iPhone.

“Here.  Take a look for yourself.”

He flashed the phone in front of her while she stared intently at the images he displayed for her.  She turned around and made her way to a chair near the fireplace and sank like a dead weight into it.

“There has to be some error.”

“No error.  It’s my video.  I took it with this cell phone.”

“So, what are we going to do now?”

“Well, first of all I have to put you under surveillance because the president is saying that your meetings with Nicole could be germane to this, so-called, “accident” that happened in Europe.”

“Accident?  What about the rest of the detail?  Didn’t they see what happened?”

“Unfortunately, no.”

“So, who else saw it?”

“No one.”

“You mean you’re the only witness?”

“Me and my iPhone, yes.”

“Oh my God!  Tell me this isn’t happening.  And what does he say I had to do with it?”

“He says because you and Nicole were communicating that you were planning some kind of Black Op with the CIA.”

“That’s ridiculous.  We had lunch once after the reception and that’s it.  Game over.”

“That’s what I understood from what you had told me.  It’s all a scam, a diversion.  Something to keep me busy so he can go ahead and do what it is he wants, now that he’s president again.”

“President again?  How can that be?”

“Well, he was sworn in on Air Force One.”

“Who would have been crazy enough to do that?”

“I was.  I had no choice. He’s the Commander-in-Chief and he ordered me to do it.  How could I question him?  How can I turn him in?  Who would listen to me?  No one is authorized?”

“Well you better find someone who can and you better find him fast before you end up the next body in the morgue.”  

Andrea and Justin just sat in front of the fire watching the gas flames lick up the sides of the artificial logs.  The night outside was cold and the wind was blustery.  There had to be some way out of this mess and they had to find it. 

And find it fast.




  






CHAPTER 32


As Justin made his way along Pennsylvania Avenue back to the White House, he could see the back-up in traffic as the press swarmed, each hoping to glean a piece of information the others might have missed.  His iPhone buzzing interrupted his concentration.  Mathew Perry’s name came up on the screen which meant the news was out. The news was out, and more reporters would be on their way.  The flag at the White House could be seen dipped to half-staff and the country was about to begin a period mourning.  Mathew must have noticed the flag being lowered earlier and turned on CNN to hear the breaking news.  

“Bradley.”

“What in hell happened over there?” Mathew demanded.  “Nothing like this has ever happened in the history of our country.”

“I know.  I’m on my way to the White House as we speak, to do what I can to work on this mess.”

“You sound like you know something.”

“That’s a little presumptuous on your part, sir.”  Justin tried to remain his composure because he knew he had to keep this situation quelled or it would feed upon itself until it was chaos.

“I want to see you in my office today.  We need to talk and we need to do it soon.  Do I make myself clear?”

“Yes, sir.  I have to meet with the president now and depending on what he has in mind for me I’ll call you when I get there.”

This remark seemed to irritate Mathew Perry even further.  Perry had been a lawyer for too many years to settle for being pushed aside in an off-hand manner.  Perry had been around the block too many times.  He had fought battles in court and in the Congress with the best of them.  When he noticed the flag being lowered, his worst fears were realized.  

“You will be in my office no later than five o’clock this afternoon.  I will wait for you here and if you have any reason that you are unable to keep this appointment, you are to call me immediately.  You better have one good fucking excuse.  Are you listening?”

“Yes, sir.  What if you have to be somewhere?  Can you give me a call and let me know as well?”

“Don’t even try to patronize me, Bradley.  You and I both know the urgency of this situation and I must insist that you co-operate.  Unusual events call for unusual measures and I’ll be here waiting for you.”

With that Mathew Perry hung up to punctuate his remark. This left Justin trying to determine how he would cope with the press, the president, and Mathew Perry in that order.  

The White House was already in complete chaos.  Reporters and cameramen were everywhere and complete pandemonium was rampant.  Justin tried to make his way through the throng of news people to get to the Oval Office, but he knew he wouldn’t be so lucky.  In the middle of it all a very aggressive, but well-dressed young male reporter, from a local television station, caught up with him, recognized him, and managed to stop him in his tracks.

“Mr. Bradley, how long has Aaron Keeling been our new president?”

“This isn’t an official press conference, and I’d appreciate it if you could just hold off until I can talk to the president. We’ll likely convene with the press secretary later and answer your questions at that time.”

“I understand that, but if you could just give me a moment, I can let my audience know when the latest report on the status of the presidency will be released.  Do we actually have a president?  Can you just do me the courtesy of answering that question, now?”

“Yes, I can.  Yes, we do have a president and it is Aaron Keeling.  The rest of the information will have to wait until the official press conference later today.  Someone’ll contact you as soon as they’re sure of the time.”

Another reporter, hearing the exchange, turned to his cameraman and lifted his mic to his lips. 
“So that’s it, ladies and gentlemen.  At two o’clock Eastern time we’ll have an update for you on the status of the Presidency and hopefully more details about the terrible tragedy that ended the life of our popular and esteemed president, Nicole Keeling.  So, keep watching for further details.  Back now, to the studio.”

The reporter stepped back and switched off his mic as the cameraman backed away a wide shot before killing his light, camera and ancillary equipment that he would need for the upcoming press conference.

Aaron Keeling was sequestered again in the Oval Office and when Justin entered the room Keeling turned abruptly from looking out the window to face him head on.  A look of relief replaced one of anxiety, as Keeling stood behind his desk as though beginning a speech.  The room was crowded with other Secret Service and a few cabinet members.  They all turned toward the president to hear what he had to say in explanation of what had happened and why he was here again.

“Mr. Bradley, I’m so relieved that you are here.  I just want all of you to know, that if it weren’t for Justin Bradley, this country could have seen a great deal of problems and threats to national security in the last forty-eight hours.  It was he that had the foresight and wisdom when Nicole died abruptly, to swear me in, himself, in order to protect our national security.”

Justin’s pulse raced.  His forehead suddenly produced small beads of sweat and he felt a lump in the pit of his stomach.  Aaron was making him sound like an accomplice.  Some kind of co-conspirator facilitating a coup of the American government.  He wasn’t complicit in this plan, but if he tried to expose Keeling, how would it make him look?   Did Keeling suspect that he knew something more? Something he might be able to prove?  Was Keeling trying to head him off by intimidating him?  Making Justin look as though he had some kind of involvement or had some control of the outcome of the hiking incident other than the fact that he was there when it happened?  Would the ultimate question be:  why didn’t he do something to prevent it?  Why didn’t he, or someone else in the Secret Service, see it coming and change the itinerary of the hike?  The Secret Service detail wasn’t mountaineers.  They were there to safeguard the president against external danger and mortal threats, not to keep them from falling down. 

“Mr. President,” Christopher Delsey Reid, Secretary of State, an older and a chunkier man in terms of physique, rose up from his chair at the front of the room, gearing up to make a senatorial proclamation.  “Aren’t we getting ahead of ourselves just a bit here?  I think the most important issue is why the accident that took Nicole Keeling’s life happened in the first place and I think we need to determine if there’s any sabotage involved.  It is my understanding that Nicole was...”

“Chris, there just isn’t anything to investigate.  The area was unfamiliar to all of us, as Justin here can attest, Nicole just tripped, like any one else might have.”

Aaron was very matter-of-fact.  Maybe just a little too nonchalant to be believable the way his speech and body language communicated his ill-disguised grief.   There was an air of smugness in his whole manner considering he had just experienced the loss of his life’s partner.  “Suave” was the word used in a film, Justin had watched the other night, that described a suitor to the lead actress in the story, not the leading man, however, as in the case here. Aaron Keeling seemed much more interested in being accepted back into his former role by the cabinet, the press, and the public.  This all seemed to go over everyone else’s head and this made Justin even more painfully aware of what he was being forced to swallow. Bitter. Very, very bitter!

“I still feel there should be a committee formed to investigate what happened in Greece.” 

Reid wasn’t about to give up.  He had been around Washington a long time and had seen many well-laid plans come to ruin and wasn’t about to take anything at face value.  Keeling, on the other hand wasn’t about to leave anything to chance, especially an investigation.

“I think we all need to calm down and get on with taking care of America,” Alysia Weir appeared out of nowhere, punctuating the urgency of getting on with the running of the Most Important Office in the World.

Justin spotted her clearing her own path through the crowded room to gain a position of authority at Aaron’s side.  She approached him, put an arm around his shoulder, and faced down the room.  The whole act was totally theatrical and it made Justin’s flesh crawl, but it achieved the desired emotional response from the others in the room.  

“I think we need to support our president right now, more than at any other time.  This is no place for showing our weakness to the world.”  Alysia sidestepped two paces, as if pre-arranged.  “We need to show our approval and support for the president.”  She began to clap, and as she did, stepped forward two steps.  In a matter of seconds, everyone in the room was clapping in unison, and the problem was solved.  Certainly for Aaron Keeling. 

For the time being, at least.















	

CHAPTER 33


It was October 31st and a Halloween darkness settled over Washington that evening, accompanied by an eerie stillness that seemed to smother life itself.  Nicole’s body and casket were prepared, but wisely not scheduled for public display until after Halloween. The air seemed damper than normal and the temperature was lower.  The Weather Network had predicted some possible snow flurries.  Justin felt a definite sense of emptiness as he entered the Capitol.  Congress continued to function and debate as he proceeded down the blue carpeting toward Mathew Perry’s office to attend the meeting he dreaded -more than any other since becoming a component of the Secret Service. 

There was, of course, a security-screening station for the building, but no receptionist on duty as he proceeded toward the closed door of Mathew’s office.  He knocked twice.  The response was a muffled reply bidding him to enter the office.  Mathew was seated behind his desk where he sat reading a magazine, in an effort to pass the time while he was waiting for Justin to arrive.  Perry looked deep in thought and very uneasy.  He didn’t stand or offer his hand in greeting.  He didn’t move.  Justin stood there, like an automaton, looking at Mathew with a piercing stare that would have startled even the most insouciant politico.  Mathew certainly didn’t meet that criterion.  He was knowledgeable and shrewd and knew he had to nail Justin down now if he was ever going to get the rest of the story.

“Where’s your report?”

“Report?”

“Don’t play games.  I’m not happy and furthermore I’m not in the mood.  Now if I haven’t made it perfectly clear.  One more time.  Where’s your report on the death of the President?”  Perry put down his magazine and pushed his chair back away from the desk and got to his feet.

“Sit down and stop messing with me!” Mathew said from a standing position, trying to look as imposing as possible, looking deeply into Justin’s eyes.

“Mr. Speaker, please try to understand...”

“I don’t need to understand.  I want a copy of that report on my desk by eight, tomorrow morning.  Am I making myself perfectly clear?”

Justin’s head was spinning.  His best talent was not his capacity to think fast on his feet, especially in the current situation when he couldn’t let slip the facts surrounding Nicole’s death.  As a matter of fact, he usually allowed himself time to mull over anything he wrote in a report or allow his partner to do it.  He was good at emergencies, especially where averting danger was concerned.  But writing reports after the fact took some very solid and considered conscious thought.  What in hell am I going to do now, was a question he just didn’t have any kind of answer for?  And why is this guy so insistent on a report when he knows what happened and most of the pertinent facts involved?  In other words what does he know?  What has he heard?  I’ve got to come up with something fast here.

“According to Secret Service protocol, I have seventy-two hours to complete my report and I am going to need all that to gather the information to make the report accurate and complete.  I don’t see why you’re so worried.  You know most of the essentials, as the situation stands.”

“That’s the problem with you, Bradley.  You just don’t understand, do you?”  Mathew’s demeanor changed as he spoke.  His shoulders slumped, and he sought the refuge of his office chair for what appeared to be a somber discussion in the making.

“Where do you think I fit in this whole mess?  I am, from a practical point of view, next in line for the Presidency if anything, God forbid, happens to Aaron.”

“I thought the vice president was next in line.”

“That’s normally true, but we don’t have a vice president now, do we?  Nor are going to have one if Aaron has his way.  At least not until after the next election.”

“That’s two years from now.” 

Justin wasn’t sure where all of this was going and, as Mathew connected it more and more with the politics of the situation, he liked it less and less.

“My point exactly.  It’s my neck on the line next.”

“But you know what happened over there.  It’s been all over the news,” Justin tried to be reassuring.

“Look.  I’m trying to give you a break here.  Don’t blow it.  I need to know some important details the press will never know.  Nor should they.”

“Like what?”

“Like… why the trail wasn’t checked ahead of time to make sure there weren’t any places where a person could slip and fall.”

Perry sounded so much like a lawyer at this point, that Justin couldn’t decide if he really believed what Justin was saying or if he just couldn’t put his legal thinking aside long enough to really comprehend the present state of affairs.

“The way the accident happened there was nothing anybody could have done. The ground under the president was a little uneven, but she was an experienced hiker and it shouldn’t have been enough to cause her to fall.  Mr. Keeling had already passed by the same spot, without a hitch.”

“I assumed that.  So I wasn’t wrong then, was I?”

“Absolutely not.”

“So what went wrong?   What happened, if you’re not finished your report yet, do me the courtesy of telling me now, what made her fall?”

“I can’t do that?”

“Why not?  Why the hell, not?”

Perry was becoming angry again and it was pretty obvious that he wasn’t going to let this thing go.

Justin sat there for a few seconds, which seemed like forever, trying to figure out a way to answer this question without really answering it.  He couldn’t accuse the man of murder, not at this point anyway.

“Look, I’m tired and I’ve had no sleep in two days.  Let me go home and get some rest and I’ll be here at eight o’clock tomorrow morning.  Report in one hand, coffee in the other and we’ll sit down and discuss this thing when I’m awake enough to remember what I’ve just said.  Nothing is going to change between now and then, is it?”

Justin took a deep breath and looked at Mathew for some empathy.

“OK?”

“Ok.  I’ll let you go tonight, but I want you back here, on your word; tomorrow morning, and you better have some answers.  Clear?”

“Perfectly.”

Justin pushed back his chair and left the office with no further word from either man.  The only thing left behind was the tension, which filled the air. The strain was palpable.  

This matter wasn’t about to be put to bed any time soo








CHAPTER 34


Justin had to get back to Andrea’s condo as quick as possible.  He had placed her under twenty-four-hour surveillance, as instructed, and he was in charge of the night watch.  Driving twenty miles over the posted speed limit, his mind raced and his hands gripped the steering wheel.  Something had to be done, but how can you accuse the President of the United States of American of murder?  Who can you possibly trust, other than maybe your girlfriend, or your wife?  That is, if you’re reckless enough or lucky enough.  

As he drove into the circular drive in front of Andrea’s brightly lit complex, there were still Secret Service vehicles around.  He would have to think of some excuse, no matter how inappropriate it might seem, to get the rest of the surveillance team out of the area.  The building was bugged, and this meant that he and Andrea would have to leave the apartment.  Going out on the balcony was out of the question, because in November the nights were bitterly cold, if for no other reason.  The best he could come up with was to take her out somewhere, anywhere.  Preferably, a place with Wi-Fi.   If it weren’t for the fact that he was in charge of the operation, he wouldn’t have even been able to do that.

Peter DeCosta opened Andrea’s door with a somber expression on his face and a piece of paper in hand that looked like an official document.  He could see Andrea sitting on the sofa in front of the fireplace and she didn’t even turn around which could mean a number of things.  With no time to reflect on that, he took the paper, folded it in half and immediately shoved it into a pocket of his coat without looking at it.  He pushed his way past Peter, closing the door with his elbow.  Andrea had not turned around and remained sitting, staring as though hypnotized by the burning gas log. 

“How is it going?” Justin asked.

“Very quiet except for the document Peter just gave you.  It came from the White House, about an hour and a half ago.”

“From the president?”

“Yes.”

“You looked at it?”

“Yes.”

“So what’s going on?” Justin asked.

“Aren’t you going to read it?”

“Not unless I have to.” 

I can’t believe the guts of this guy, to send me orders at almost midnight and expect me to just jump to his beck and call, Justin thought to himself as he stood watching Andrea and hoping what she was doing was part of the act to keep his squad from catching on to their relationship.  

Peter glanced down at the floor for a second and then back up, into Justin’s face.  He was acting like he wanted to say something, but couldn’t seem to find the words he needed.

“I know this is hard for you, but the president is way out of line here.  It’s our job to defend him but he has no business sticking his nose into our methods or activities.  He’s out of line.” Peter said.

“So what, exactly, does the document say?  I suppose it’s some kind of directive.”

“That’s exactly what it is, and it gives all kinds of parameters for movement, times, places, vehicles and so forth.  Doesn’t allow her to leave her condo and a bunch of other bureaucratic crap.  This just doesn’t fly, as far as I can see.”

“Well, don’t worry about it.  I’m in charge of this operation and you’ll carry on in the manner I direct. I’ll deal with it.  

Justin stared directly at Peter who returned his gaze with matching intensity.  They had come to a tacit agreement. There was no more that needed to be said.  

“I’ll be close by, if you need me.” Peter said, leaving the condo, closing the door quietly behind him. Justin and Andrea could now figure out their next move.

“Grab your coat, Ms. Pinkerton.  I think we need to take you out for something to eat since, I see you haven’t had any dinner.”  

He jerked his head toward the door which had a bug installed over it.  He stepped over to the closet, found her jacket, and tossed it to her in an effort to speed up getting her out of the apartment.  They exited the condo and proceeded to his car.  The two were alone, finally

“This is the only way we can communicate, now that Aaron has ordered this surveillance.”

“That bastard has gone too far this time.”

“Why is that a surprise?” Justin asked sarcastically.  “It obviously never stopped him before.”

“No, and it’s not going to stop him now, is it?”

“No, you’re right about that.  But I am.  I’m going to nail the son of a bitch.”

“And how, pray tell, do you plan to pull this one off?”

Justin’s show of courage began dissolving rapidly.  This guy has to be stopped, he kept telling himself, but how was driving around DC all night with Andrea going to allow him to accomplish that?  Aaron had his own agenda.  No president had ever interfered with the Service before and now, here he was, barking out orders like a drill sergeant attempting to play Commander-In-Chief. Which, indeed he was… again.

“I had a meeting with Mathew Perry tonight, just before I got to your place.”

“And?”

“He wants a written report from me by six o’clock in the morning.”

“And your point is?” 

“My point is, you’re the writer.  I need you to help me write something that will deliver the message without spilling the beans.”

“Oh, I catch your drift all right, but this could take us all night.”

“I know, that’s why I had to get you out of there.”

“Why don’t we go to that all-night Starbucks over on the west side where nobody ever goes.  I think we have our best shot at anonymity in a place like that.”

Justin pulled over, wheeled the car around, and headed back west for an all-nighter to try to put together a story, with Andrea’s help, that would convey the message without explicitly relating the rest of the story.

“We have to do this thing, and we have to do it right.”

“The future of the country depends on it.”
 
 

















CHAPTER 35


The trip to Starbucks gave Justin an opportunity to appreciate Andrea again, even if it was only in the silence of the cold and windy November night.  She looked more beautiful to him than ever, leaning over against the window of the car, halfway between wakefulness and sleep.  Her glistening hair spilled every which way, as she breathed slowly and regularly, trying for a few moments of well-deserved rest.  Just as they were pulling into Starbucks, Justin’s cell phone rang.  It was Peter and it was apparent from the tone of his voice that he was in renewed state panic.  

“What is it?”  Justin asked.

“It’s Jacob Todd.”

“And?”

“And, he’s dead.”

“Oh, my God.”

“They found his car overturned, in a ditch alongside the freeway, near the river.”

“Forced off the road, I’m guessing?”

“Looks like it.  Come on, Justin, what are we going to do about this?  This is out of control, and you know it!”

Justin pulled into the first parking spot he came to and turned off the engine. 

“Get every bit of information you can on this thing.  Jake was our point man.”

“That makes this an inside job then, doesn’t it?”

“Let’s not get ahead of ourselves here.  We need some facts before jumping to conclusions.”

“Don’t you think this has something to do with the death of the president?”

“Look, I’m not in a place where I can talk now.  Do I have to draw a diagram?” Justin said impatiently.

“No, that won’t be necessary.”

“Good then, get to work and be sure to call me with any updates.”

Justin looked over at Andrea who still appeared to be asleep and nudged her gently with his hand to attempt to bring her back to the land of the living.  As she awoke she appeared disoriented, staring at the green and white sign directly in front of them.  

“Oh, we’re here?”  She smiled.

“Yes, my love.  We’re here.  I’ll get us some coffee, you get a table and I’ll grab my computer so we can start this thing.”

Justin reached for his computer bag and hauled it up over the back of the seat and settled it over his shoulder while unlocking the doors of the vehicle so they could exit.  Andrea still seemed a little dazed as she searched for the door handle, having just awakened from her first sleep in forty-eight hours.  This, in itself, wasn’t surprising since she had gone from a feeling of uneasiness to lock down by the presidential detail the day before.  She knew about Alysia’s arrangement of a second honeymoon for the Keelings, but that was all she knew other than what she heard on the local news channels.  The rest she surmised, filling in the blanks here and there where she needed more information and coming up with a fairly close approximation of what was going on with the exception of the president’s death, of course.

The Starbucks was virtually empty with the exception of a young barrista who stood unaware of new customers. He was about twenty-two years old, tall, skinny, and wearing horn rims.  He looked very much like your typical college geek. His hair was black and balanced by a shadow beard.  His back was turned to the entrance, and he was reading a newspaper while he waited for a carafe of coffee to finish brewing.  

Andrea found her way over to a well-lit, secluded table, seating herself next to the electric fireplace, which offered more ambience than warmth.  Justin approached the counter and just stood there for a few seconds absorbed in thought and mulling over whether he should tell Andrea about the point man.  The barrista, although ignoring him, wasn’t the problem just now.  He glanced over at Andrea, who was now on her iPad attending to some other business

 “What can I get you?” Justin asked Andrea.

“Whatever you’re having is fine.”

The boy behind the counter turned around as though he had just regained consciousness.  This reconnection of the boy with his surroundings was gradual but he still hadn’t spoken.  Justin thought to himself that doing business at this kind of hour must be hard on everyone.

“Give me two double-shot cappuccinos and a couple of those chocolate éclairs.” 

He was hoping the addition of some sugar and chocolate would help both of them to become more alert and aid them in completing their project.  The boy behind the counter responded like a robot.  He picked up two large cups and four shots of espresso to begin his presentation.  He reached into the pastry case and pulled out two éclairs, putting the order on a small, black tray, without saying a word.  Justin handed him his debit card, which was quickly processed, and he was on his way back to the table and Andrea.  Justin hadn’t eaten in twelve hours and emptied five packets of sugar into the foamy concoction.  When he got back to the table Andrea already had the laptop out and running.

“Do you have a special format for these reports, or can we just use Word Pad?” she inquired.

“Anything is fine.  As far as I’m concerned this is going to be a rough draft.  Something to satisfy Perry.  We just need to tip toe between the facts and turn out the best product we can.  There’s no saying who Perry might give this thing to and we don’t need it to boomerang on us.”

“The best and most confusing, right?”

“That’s the idea.”

Andrea looked very serious and Justin could tell she had figured out some way to handle this report that she thought would work.  Justin had a lot of confidence in this woman and had been reading her work for a number of years now.  If anybody could talk their way around this, it was her.

“Can we talk about this before we get started?” she asked quietly.

“Shoot.”

“Your reports simply have to do with stating the facts as you saw them?”

“Yes.”

“No analysis called for, correct?”

“None.”

“So, what if we take this approach?  What if we simply talk about what you saw, not a combination of what you saw and what you shot with your cell....”

“I have to tell him about the photo…” Justin interrupted Andrea in mid-sentence.

“You’re not going to tell anyone we went to Starbucks to write this report, are you?”

“Not likely.”

“Exactly, so why should you tell them about the pictures?”

“What am I going to tell them, then?”

“Tell then that when you wrote the report you were tired.  What you saw doesn’t mean much without the video, right?”

“Right.”

“So tell them that when you went to write the report you couldn’t find the video on your iPhone so you didn’t include it, or your conclusion, in the report.”

“That’s a lie.”

“Do you want a way out of this thing, or not?”

“You don’t have to ask me that, do you?”  

Justin was trapped and he had to find a way out of this thing or he was a dead man, just like the point man in the ditch.  He didn’t dare tell Andrea about the dead point man either.  It was classified.  On the other hand, so was everything else he had told her so far.  Much against his better judgment, he decided he should just throw caution to the wind and let her handle this thing any way she thought it needed to be handled.  Finally he told her the rest of the facts.

“Jacob Todd, our point man, was found dead this morning overturned in his vehicle near the river.”

“Someone ran him off the road?”

“It certainly looks like that doesn’t it?”

“And if you know anything you’ll be next?  Is that it?”

“Something like that, yeah.  If I lie now to get myself out of this, how can I produce that video if and when I need to, or do I just let that son of a bitch walk away clean to be president for another ten years?”

Justin was getting worried but didn’t want Andrea to see his frustration.  It was hard to keep it from her because she had a rare combination of intelligence and sensitivity, rarely found together.  At least not anybody he had ever known, much less intimately.

“You don’t need to worry about that.  You’re no wizard of the wires.  Nobody expects you to get all of the electronics perfect.  Just e-mail it to yourself and you can say you looked for it, but it apparently ended up in Spam instead of in your Incoming Mail and that shows it got dropped from your iPad.”

“Then, I can say when I finally did find it, I put it on a thumb drive, like Snowden.”  Justin smiled smugly.

“It worked for the IRS, a while back, remember?”

Justin grabbed Andrea, giving her a great hug.

“You are a genius, my dear.  Do you know that?”

“Just part of the service.”  Andrea smiled coyly.

“Let’s get this thing done and get you back to your place.”

“Good plan, my dear.  Good plan.”


















CHAPTER 36


Justin lay on Andrea’s couch while she stayed by herself, in her bedroom, out of his grasp and sight.  As he laid there thinking about what a tremendous help she had been and how she should be a bigger part his life, he fell sound asleep and didn’t wake for five hours, more uninterrupted sleep than he had had in the past week.  He felt good.

He woke and went to the kitchen and poured himself a cup of the late-night brew, which by 5 AM, had grown strong and bitter. He knew the shift change didn’t occur till seven.  He pulled out his iPhone immediately to make sure DeCosta remembered to arrive in time to allow him to get to Mathew Perry’s office when he heard a faint knock at the door.  Peter was pretty reliable and entered the condo right on schedule.

“That jerk gave me another document,” Peter said as he thrust another envelope into Justin’s hands as he made his way toward the kitchen and a cup of the acrid leftover brew.

“So what’s up this time?”

“It’s a report of Jacob’s, so-called, car accident.” 

“Whose report is it?”

“It’s from the Agency.”

“Since when does the CIA get involved in domestic issues involving traffic accidents. Especially, of us?”

“I think Aaron Keeling is running this whole show.”

“I guess that‘s a possibility.”

“You know what else is a possibility?  It’s a possibility that he’s up to something and he’s responsible for what happened to Jay.”

“You mean at the hands of the CIA?”

“Sure. Now that could be a little far-fetched, although I wouldn’t put anything past that guy.  Especially not now!  He might have thought Jacob saw something the day of the hike.”

“But Jacob was walking uphill, ahead of what happened.”  

Justin wasn’t absolutely sure that Peter hadn’t seen more than he let on.  He had probably been too far back, behind the bend of the trail to see the event.  But what if Peter had managed to take some kind of picture.  You should tell me if you have more information, Justin thought to himself, but he knew he didn’t dare ask.  Not yet anyway.  He needed Peter on his side and didn’t want to say anything to alert him.  The fact remained that he just didn’t know how much, or what, Peter knew.

“I wrote my report last night.”  Justin threw down the gauntlet.

“Yeah.  Are you going to share it at all? 

“I might, but not now.”

“Are you finished your report yet?”  Justin asked hesitantly. “ I need to know exactly what you saw when Nicole fell.”

“As a matter of fact, I was planning to get at it this morning while you were at your meeting with Perry.”

“Well you better get on it.  There may be something I’ve missed and until I’ve had a chance to look at your report, mine might not be totally accurate.”

“How long are you going to be gone?”

“Till about nine.”

“OK.  I’ll have it to you by then, by red e-mail, okay?”

“Good man.”

Justin put down his cup and went straight to his car.  As he pulled away from the condo, a feeling of foreboding enveloped him as he saw a vehicle that looked like it might be either FBI or CIA, pull out from the curb behind him, maybe to follow him.  It wasn’t necessary for them to do this because he knew Andrea’s apartment was bugged and if they were, in fact, aware of this, they knew exactly where he was going, and probably why.  He wheeled the car around, back in the other direction just to see what the other car would do.

Then the other car, a black Crown Royal, turned to follow, yet again. He picked up speed and took off toward the Potomac.  If this was going to be a chase, he was ready for whatever happened from this point on.  He circled the block and the car dropped back.  He believed they were aware now that he had spotted them and made them, which was something they didn’t want.  They soon disappeared from his rear view mirror, but where, and why, remained a mystery.

Justin didn’t have the time or the inclination to try to find them and proceeded to turn the car around again to head back to the Capitol to try to make his meeting with Mathew on time.  He knew Mathew Perry would be waiting for him and once he read the report, would have a hundred questions, most of which Justin couldn’t, or didn’t want to, answer.


















CHAPTER 37


Aaron Keeling had become president for a third term.  Just like that.   Roosevelt had managed his coup by being president during one of the most horrific wars in history.  Keeling, on the other hand, had overcome the Twenty-Second Amendment by a very sly contrivance which was much easier to achieve on the surface, but was much more devious and complicated when it came to sorting out the deceptions he had created, and using them all. 

His first deception, and the one he was most proud of, was using the System to carry on his legacy by endorsing his wife for president while he was still in office.  If you’re going to invent something, always be the first to use it. That always works.  This is a great truism that defines how new businesses prosper when they’re launched on Wall Street.  It’s the principle that makes IPOs work and virtually guarantees their success.  

His second deception was the accident he engineered in order to facilitate his ambition and make his boyhood dream into a reality.  This scheme was carefully concocted in the darkest corner of Aaron’s mind and never admitted to, or discussed with, anyone.  Aaron had the three things any criminal needs to commit a successful crime.  He had the ambition, that is, motive, the opportunity and the talent to perform the acts necessary to bring it about.  Just like law school had taught him, with no margin for error needed, or given.  At least, not up to now.

Certainly there was the worry of living with the fact that someone, possibly in the Secret Service, might unmask him.  He had taken care of one of them already, without risk or suspicion on their part.  One down, two to go.  There were only two more agents who could possibly be aware of what had happened that day.  Aaron had to find a way to discredit or eliminate both potential witnesses.  One car accident might go unnoticed. But only one.

So what to do now about DeCosta?  Surely there was something in this man’s past that could come back to haunt him, making Aaron’s task easier to perform.  Alliance with a secret society, drug usage,  maybe a lurid affair with a married woman, or man. That was a good one, especially when Peter DeCosta had been rumored to be involved with a married congresswoman who was found dead at the bottom of the South China Sea after a party on a yacht belonging to one of the richest industrialists in China.  Any misstep that could be construed as foolish enough to tarnish this man might be good enough for starters. 

Aaron was sitting at his desk in the Oval Office, mulling these options. He needed to put all of the events surrounding Nicole’s death into perspective.  Doing this would enable him to come up with a plan of action. Something like a game of chess, after the opening gambit.  One real challenge would be Justin Bradley himself.  Not an easy one to eliminate.  Killing him might be too suspect.  Not an easy one to frame either.  The best way, it seemed, had been to befriend Bradley.  Now it was time to defriend him.  After all, you don’t become the leader of the president’s security detail by being insouciant.  Justin had always been malleable. Nicole, herself, had played him.

Alysia Weir. Hmmm…  She always seemed to have the answers to his problems in the past.  She always had a clean and sharp way to see things when it came to knotty problems. He mustn’t tell her too much though, or then he would lose this most precious resource, if so, he would have to find a way to eliminate her as well.  That would be a challenge.  He could e-mail her.  An excellent way to start.  All phones were monitored and most of the rooms were either bugged or exposed to the outside where surveillance would be a problem. 

He would arrange a meeting, but where?  It had to be somewhere they both had easy access to.  A place where they could speak freely and hatch a plan of action.  He pulled out his iPad and began to text. His iPad had its own proxy server and no one had access.  No one.

“Do you know of somewhere in the building we can talk in private?” was the question metered out to her.  He waited briefly, and sure enough, her answer was appeared like clockwork.

“Rather an unusual question.”

“I need to talk to you, alone,” he texted back.

“There is one place but it’s a little involved.  Let me check on it and I’ll get right back to you.”

Aaron sat there smiling, thinking how lucky he was to have such a devoted ally in this plot against the men who were risking their lives to sustain his.  In a matter of three or four minutes the answer came back. 

“I’ve got it, The wine cellar.”

“What, now?”  Aaron asked.

“I’ll come right up to meet you.  Are you still in the Oval Office?”

“Yes.  I’ll see you in a few minutes then.”

Aaron no sooner finished his message, and started checking his messages for the day, when Alysia appeared at his doorway and, without a word, led the way to the elevator and the wine cellar, where their ‘underground” meeting could begin.

“How are you doing?” she asked in passing as they boarded the elevator.

“I’m actually holding up better than I thought I would.”

“What an unfortunate accident.  I feel almost responsible since it was I who suggested the trip, making all the arrangements, and all.”  Alysia looked down at the elevator car floor with an expression of remorse on her face.

“You mustn’t blame yourself, not at all.  None of this, in any way, reflects on you, or your good intentions.  Everyone knows that.”

The elevator doors opened at the basement level and Alysia led the way to the hall, turning left toward the cellar doors, which were, maybe, a hundred feet away.  At the door, one of the Secret Service men was waiting with the doors already unlocked.  Alysia greeted him in her usual charming manner and in a matter of seconds the two of them were behind closed doors with the most privacy someone in  Aaron’s place, could hope for.

“We’re going to go forward from here.  No looking back.  No regrets.  Nicole was a wonderful woman...”

“And a great president, and lady,” Alysia added impulsively.

“There’s no doubt about that.  But our country must be our first priority now.  We have to be sure there was no collusion on the part of the Secret Service in this tragedy,” Aaron announced emphatically.

“My God, you’re not suggesting...”

“I’m not suggesting anything that any prudent person wouldn’t take into consideration, Alysia.”

“I realize that, Mr. President, but everyone loved her.”

“I’m sure they still do.”  Aaron stumbled a bit on his own remark and recovered by reasserting the obvious, which was one of his most obnoxious ploys.  “And, I’m sure they always will,” he added a bit hesitantly. 

The wine cellar was dimly lit and filled with an odor of mustiness, which always accompanies these places.  The wine racks were constructed of alder and provided an elegant backdrop for the small tasting room.  

“This was very clever of you because it’s not easy to find anywhere we can meet and still talk without surveillance equipment all over.  No one really understands, do they?”

“Aaron, I feel so bad for you.  You have given this country everything you had, even up to and including Nicole.  It just doesn’t seem fair.”

“You’re right about that.” 

Aaron crossed his legs, and waggled his foot nervously.  This was a habit he had developed as a child and people who knew him well, knew what it meant.  Alysia was too late in the game to appreciate its implication.

“Listen, this situation is critical.  I think there’s an issue in my Secret Service detail and I think if I can’t do something about it, I may follow Nicole down the cliff… figuratively speaking.”

“You think someone in your detail is going to kill you?”

“I can’t be sure, but I think the point man knew that area where we were hiking, and knew about its dangers.”

“And led you up there anyway?”  Alysia interjected.  “So you think you’re next?”

“What do you think?”

“I think we better get to the bottom of this and find out if someone really is responsible.  If this thing is more than just an accident.”

“I think you’re absolutely right.”
















CHAPTER 38


Mathew Perry had to find out the truth, and he had to find it out now.  The stakes were just too high. He knew he wouldn’t have anyone but himself to blame if anything went wrong in the White House.  He had been awake most of the night and, finally, at four-thirty, kicked off the blankets and started the coffee maker.  He had three hours of peaceful sleep uninterrupted, which was his only consolation.  As he poured his first cup, he was struck by the undeniable fact that Nicole Keeling’s death was probably no accident at all.  People in her position just don’t go falling off cliffs over the Mediterranean, leaving the free world leaderless.  This is not something reasonable men believe, and no amount of rationalizing could result in such an absurd conclusion.

The kitchen was stark white and had an eerie blue appearance in the half-light of the moon, which crept through the window, reflecting around the cupboards.  The black and white diamonds on the floor added to the surrealism that reminded Mathew of a cheap, science-fiction movie.  Certainly not his cup of tea.  No comfort there.  To help him focus better at this ungodly hour, he poured a larger mug of coffee than usual.  Filling it, he made his way back to his computer in his den, to see if any journalists shared his skepticism.  As he logged into his computer he noticed an old icon that brought up entries from You Tube.  He clicked on it and held his breath.  He entered  “President Nicole Keeling’s fall”, holding his breath.  

Almost instantly a forensic criminologist appeared who spoke with great authority about how the incident might have happened and why, in his opinion, it wasn’t an accident.  He seemed to be bright, well spoken and credible, from the casual observers’ point of view.  This man, Dr. Ryan Chow, was a graduate of MIT in Physics and an MD, having completed his medical training at Columbia University.  He claimed to have reviewed the photos of the site, and the autopsy report and offered an opinion that the injury to the spine which resulted in spinal hemorrhage and dislocation was not consistent with a single fall and that there must have been ancillary damage to the spine, possibly from the initial slippage and an attempt to rescue, which badly dislocated the right shoulder of the victim.  When asked if this injury might implicate Aaron Keeling as a possible contributor to this unfortunate incident he declined to comment.

As Mathew continued watching this video with intense interest, his screen suddenly blacked out for a few seconds.  When it resumed, a message across the top of the screen said plainly, “You Tube has canceled this segment.”  Immediately after that, listings of other videos available for viewing and other presidential activities showed up.  Mathew tried for a while to rerun the lost video, but eventually gave up in disgust.

This, combined with the coffee, left a bitter taste in Mathew’s mouth.  He had three hours to kill until Justin’s report was due.  He had to find some way to dig deeper into the facts that had seen this situation evolve from a tragic accident to possible murder.  He poured out the rest of his coffee and went back to the bedroom.  When he turned on the light in the closet, the light flickered a few times as though the connections were loose.

He then showered and dressed.  It was unusual for his wife to come to Washington with him, as she had on this trip, and he wished, in some respects, that she had stayed home.  Letting her sleep, Matt gave her a quick kiss on the forehead. She stirred slightly.  He knew how fortunate he was, as he looked back at her, to have the love and support of such a sweet lady.  His lady.

The traffic at five in the morning ran at a comparative trickle.   Even in a bustling place like DC, most activity was relegated to service and delivery trucks with the occasional taxi combing the area hoping for a fare, but usually just roving, putting in their time.  He drove directly to the capitol parking lot and parked in the slot reserved for him.  The night shift gate guard failed to recognize him.  The young guard on duty asked him for his ID, which he had never had to show before, in all his years in office. He got a chuckle out of the young man’s dedication to duty.

Once in his office, he went right to his office computer, looking for that same You Tube video, but to no avail. It was now gone.  It had disappeared, just vanished; clearly with intent.  Mathew knew that some things had been taken off You Tube in the past, but few and seldom. The question in Mathew’s mind was whether an “ethics” committee had acted - which there hadn’t been time for - or whether the government agency had a hand in it.  The CIA or the Secret Service, hmm?  One more Google search for ‘Jacob/Jay/Jake Todd’, turned up an article that had just been released by the Huffington Post, posted twenty minutes earlier recounting the traffic accident. 

“Jacob Todd of the Secret Service was found in his overturned vehicle a mile from the Potomac River this evening.  There were no passengers in the vehicle. Jacob Todd is dead, appearing to have died, on impact, in the crash.”

Mathew was furious.  This information must have been floating around out there for hours.  Maybe even when Justin was in his office, six hours ago.  He should have known about the accident but hadn’t said anything.  What the hell was this guy up to?  Justin had used an excuse about being tired just to buy time.  Time to concoct, and possibly fabricate, a story as to how the president died two days previous. Mathew sat in silence, fuming, trying to decide whether to confront Justin head-on or investigate the matter further. 

Daylight was breaking now and Bradley would arrive in two hours.  Mathew picked up the phone and managed to get through to Michael Hirsch, director of the FBI and an old college pal from his undergrad years at George Washington University.  Sometimes a little networking helps, he thought, as Hirsch’s home number rang plaintively.

“Hello?” a woman’s voice said softly.

“I’m sorry to bother you at this hour, but this is Mathew Perry.  Is Mike available?”

The woman’s voice became sharp and focused as she replied.  There were some muffled sounds and talking on the other end of the line for a few seconds.

“Hello, Matt, it’s Mike.  What’s up?”

Michael had always been an obliging kind of guy, even in school but how he had managed to end up in the FBI, let alone as its director, had always been a mystery to Mathew.  This was not the time to assess alliances, however.  It was clearly the time to utilize them and maybe, trade some favors wherever possible.  There were too many pieces to this puzzle that needed to fit better.

“I hate to bother you at home at this hour, and you know I wouldn’t, except as a matter of the utmost importance.”

“ I know that, Matt.  It’s no trouble, believe me.” 

Michael had been used to these kinds of calls, day and night for many years.  He had given up drinking early on because the job, the drink, and the hours, had already cost him one marriage and he was not about to let it happen again.

“That fellow from the Secret Service, the one that ended up in the ditch last night.  Do you have anything on it yet?”

“You mean, do we believe that it was a single car accident?”

“Yeah, like that.”

“To answer your question, no.  We have no evidence, one way or the other, yet.  But even so, we don’t feel it was an accident.  Driving was part of this man’s job and had been for years.  There’s no reason to think he could have been that careless.”

“Could he have just fallen asleep?”

“Maybe.  But those guys are well trained and my guess is he would have pulled over if he had been that sleepy.”

“Do you think somebody could have run him off the road?”

“Possibly, but there were no tire marks, skidding, scrapes or other indications of another vehicle’s involvement.”

“What about the autopsy?”

“We don’t have the results yet, but when I do, should I let you know?”

“That’s very good of you, yes.  Just send what you get over to me by courier.  I don’t want this going through the regular channels.”

“Yes.  I agree.  I’ll get it right out to you, as soon as I have something.”

“Great. I’ll look for it, Mike.”

Mathew hung up the phone and looked out at the cold, gray dawn and wondered how the world ever got this crazy.  There was a Constitution in the United States that has protected us for over two hundred years.  No doubt political bonfires may have scorched the doctrine a little over the years, but this was a major firestorm.  Whatever political arsonist, in this circumstance, was potentially so destructive that the very roots of the Republic were threatened.  Roots that had been meticulously protected for all these years!

This was ascension by attrition, courtesy of the new - and returning - President Aaron Keeling.  High treason. A capital offense. My God!












	




CHAPTER 39


Aaron had been plagued for hours by what could be called the jitters.  This was a feeling he hadn’t experienced before.  Perhaps it was because of Nicole’s state funeral, which was only two days away.  He wondered if he would be expected to give a eulogy.  He was waiting for his speechwriters to return his call.  The Oval Office was quiet for the first time in days and he swiveled his chair to look out his windows at the Rose Garden. With his cup of afternoon coffee in hand, he gazed at the beautiful landscaping, dotted with a few rose blossoms even though it was the first week of November.  The sunshine that bathed everything felt good; its warmth relieving Aaron’s tensions somewhat.  He believed he could fix any faucets that might still be leaking.  He had already accomplished what he had set out to do, and he now embodied his own version of the White House trilogy. His third term as Supreme Commander.

Only he saw this macabre scenario as an accomplishment. He would soon become the nation’s longest-serving Chief Executive.  A dynasty molded by his ambition yet sustained by his own cunning and insight.  Nothing could stop him.  At least nothing had, up to this point.  His reverie was abruptly interrupted by a familiar voice. He spun his chair back around to see Alysia standing in the doorway of the office seeking permission to enter.

“We need to talk.  Now.” she whispered.

“Is there a problem?”

“You better believe it.  I just got the autopsy report on Jake Todd.  The forensics show that he had both Demerol and alcohol in his system when his car crashed.”

“So?  Where is this going?”

“I checked out where he was yesterday and the whole thing is pretty hazy.  He was on the surveillance detail of Andrea Pinkerton, but at one point he went into her condo, maybe at her request.  Shortly after that, he was relieved by Peter DeCosta and then by Justin Bradley.  An hour later his car was found overturned in the ditch.  He had some fractures and a broken neck.”

“So, you think Andrea Pinkerton invited him in for a drink…”

“Let’s not get ahead of ourselves here.  I’m not saying anything, and you shouldn’t read anything more into this.”

“I can do anything I want.  You’ve been a lot of help to me, but let’s not forget who’s president and it, sure as hell, isn’t you.”

Alysia stood quietly for a few seconds, which seemed like an eternity to her, waiting for Aaron to calm down or change course so that she could continue with her analysis.  She had more facts to relate to Aaron, but he never had been one to appreciate the value of objective truth.

“I dug a little deeper,” she said tentatively.  “Do you want to know what I found?”

“I don’t know, do I?”  Aaron was tight-lipped and clenched his fists, reflexively, ready to fight.

“I think you need to know all the facts.”

“OK.  But let’s not go overboard here.”  Alysia was too close now for comfort.

“Jacob had a dentist appointment earlier in the day.  The dentist performed an extraction and gave Jacob two Demerol tablets, to take.”

“How do you know that?”

“I talked to the nurse at the dentist’s office.”

“That doesn’t prove anything.  That’s just hearsay.”

“Thank you, counselor.  That’s not my point.”

“Then what is your point?” 

Aaron was running short on patience.  What was this bitch trying to do, help him or throw him under the bus?  Alysia was good at what she did, but Aaron trusted no one.  Not when it came to anything that made him, in any way, the least bit vulnerable.  This was no exception. 

He needed a reasonable, convenient way to implicate the Secret Service.  Then he could throw some doubt on their integrity, making it possible to impugn their testimony.  Cast some aspersions in their direction for the purpose of destroying their credibility.  His believability, in turn, would be strengthened.  Everything was relative.  Even though, under closer analysis, this kind of reasoning bordered on sociopathy, it was also irrelevant.  It would get the job done, ultimately.

“Do you have some paperwork?  Anything I can use to substantiate what you’ve just told me?”

“I have the autopsy report on Jacob Todd.”

“Do you have it with you, by any chance?”

“Yes.”

“Well, let’s have it.”

“What are you going to do with it?”

“I don’t think that has anything to do with you.”

“Look, I can’t get you out of this mess if I don’t know exactly what’s going on.”

“So, what are you now, my attorney?”

“In a way, yes.”

“In a way, no!  You will never speak for me unless I specifically request it.  Do I make myself perfectly clear?”

“But we’ve always been so close.  I thought you and I were more than president and adviser.  I really believed we were friends.”

“We are friends, but even friendship has its limits.  I can’t just give you your head in this matter.  You have to have guidance, Alysia.  Surely you understand that.  You, of all people, should.  We can’t just take off in one direction or another, willy-nilly, on a fishing expedition without direction or purpose.  That’s going to make us look reckless, and irresponsible to the Attorney General as well as the public.  You, above all, should know that.  You’re a lawyer.  You’ve been around them for your whole career and you’re a smart woman.  You know how they think and you just have to be smarter than them.  I know you know how to do that.”

“I appreciate your confidence in me, Mr. President.  I really do.  But what does that buy us?”

Aaron was becoming impatient with Alysia, who had always been a woman with all the answers.  The go-to person who got the job done.  Now it was becoming evident that the task at hand was going to have to be resolved by him if the desired outcome was to be achieved.  If it wasn’t, he was finished.  

“I’ll tell you what.” his approach immediately changed from hard-line to charming in the space thirty seconds.  “You give me your copy of that autopsy and let me think about it for the next couple of hours.  I’ll give you a call on your cell when I’ve had a chance to digest the information and we’ll get back together again later this afternoon.  In the meantime see if you can find out where our friend Justin Bradley was, when all of this happened.”

“Regarding the Demerol and drink?”

“For starters, yes.  Like I said, forget everything else except credibility.  The less they have, the more we have.  It’s as simple as that.  A balancing act.  The facts are in our favor right now. Let’s keep it that way.”

Four hours later Alysia‘s cell phone vibrated.  She was being paged to the library for the meeting with Aaron.  She had found out little since their last meeting and braced herself for the latest round.  He’s such an arrogant jerk when he gets going, she thought to herself.  He must have been a pretty good lawyer back in his heyday.  If being a jerk was a measure of excellence in the legal profession.  I suppose any achievement is better than no achievement.

As Alysia walked toward the library, she felt tightness in her chest that was a bit scary at her age.  A lone Secret Service agent stood guard in the hallway and when she opened the door into the library, she saw Aaron sitting at the far side of one of the cherry wood tables.  One thing that was strikingly different from their morning meeting was that Aaron was smiling like a Cheshire cat.

“Come in, my dear, and have a seat.”  Another one of his familiar, predictable, patronizing remarks.

“You seem much happier than you were this morning.”

“I am.  I have some news.  It seems that last night, fully against my order, Justin took Andrea Pinkerton out of the condo and drove across town with her to an all-night coffee shop, one of those with Wi-Fi.”

“How did you find that out?”

“I have my ways, but that’s not the point.  The thing I suspected was going on.  Andrea Pinkerton has been under surveillance, at my request, because of an incident that occurred at the last White House reception where she spoke with Nicole.  On that occasion there was a conversation between the two women that indicated Andrea Pinkerton was being used in a type of black op for the CIA.  When Nicole died, so unexpectedly, I knew there must have been more to that happenstance occurrence than I could glean from the bits of conversation I was able to overhear.”

“So you think Justin Bradley is in some way behind what happened to the president?”

“Wouldn’t you?”

“These new facts certainly do make one think, if that’s what you mean.”

“That’s exactly what I mean.” 

The look in Aaron’s eyes was now fiendish and menacing.  It made Alysia wonder just what was motivating him.  Had he gone mad, or is he really on to something that everyone else has missed?

 


 













CHAPTER 40


Andrea had spent the morning on her computer searching every article she could find on Nicole’s death hoping to discover some kind of White House leak that might explain why she had been put under surveillance by the administration.  Finally, she found an obscure article in the Politico that told the story.  Apparently, as rumor had it, she had  “wormed her way into President Nicole Keeling’s confidence”.   Andrea couldn’t guess how or where that happened, but the article made reference to the evening at the White House reception when she had first met Nicole.  The whole conversation, as she remembered it, was little more than two women sharing some gossip and social pleasantries and yet here she was, locked down in her condo without due process or any charge being brought against her.  

Andrea was being worn down from nervous tension.  She sat back from her computer screen, gazed out the window at some fresh snow, and suddenly felt very empty and alone.  She could smell the lingering scent of Justin’s aftershave and the acerbic smell of stale coffee brewed some hours earlier when Justin left for his work at the White House.  She got up from her desk, taking her now empty cup into the kitchen to brew some fresh coffee.  She had lived alone for so long, she really believed, on some level, that she was used to it and that this way of life could go on forever.  But on another level, she knew this was just a myth, the one on that river in Egypt.  That place she retreated to when she needed a break from the reality she faced each day.

There was nothing wrong with Justin.  Why then wasn’t something more happening between them?  After that one night of passion, nothing.  Maybe they were just too much alike to admit it.  Now she was thinking like a woman, but that didn’t work in the world she had chosen to live and work in.  From the middle of the fogbank she had created for herself, she heard her cell phone ring, and ring again.

“Hello.”

“Andrea, it’s Justin.”

“Yes?”

“Can you be ready in ten minutes?”

“Yes, but…”

“Don’t worry about anything now.  I’ll be right there to explain everything.”

The line went dead, leaving Andrea standing in the midst of her kitchen clutter.  She was still wearing her silk taffeta pajamas and needed to get herself into gear, pronto.  She headed for the shower, wondering if she could get through her morning routine before Justin got there.  She had picked out a suit, and a shell sweater as an accent.  She ducked into the shower, washed her long blond hair and exited for a quick towel dry.  She donned the outfit she had put aside much like a soldier getting ready to go out into battle.  When dressed and her hair quickly blown dry, she applied minimal make-up, a little mascara and lipstick, and headed for the living room.  Just as she rounded the corner of the hall, Justin came through the door with a document in hand.

“I went over the report we wrote last night again and made a few changes.  I’ve got to see Perry now and I need to be there in twenty minutes.”

“So what do I have to do with all of this?”

“I want you to come with me.”

“I can’t really leave here.  You of all people know that.”

“Get your purse, we’re going.”

“What if somebody is watching?” 

“DeCosta is the only one here and I have already cleared this with him.  I checked the whole area.  It’s clear. Somebody tried to follow me last night, but turned off when they decided I wasn’t going anywhere they cared about.  I think their guard is down now and that’s fine with me.” 

Justin sounded pretty sure of himself.  He had good reason for this because he knew the FBI had stopped following him.  Not because they had found what they were asked to find, but because they were apparently asked to find something else.  The president had switched his suspicions away from Andrea and was concentrating on Peter now, who had been on duty for about an hour.   Justin and Andrea would be gone before they started to poke around again.  There had never been a breath of scandal about Peter DeCosta. This might account for the FBI’s lack of enthusiasm where his surveillance was concerned.

 As Andrea and Justin drove away from the condo it became evident to Andrea that this whole situation was beginning to look like a conspiracy.  Andrea didn’t like the word because of the connotations it had taken on and used in the general media, but this was different. The President of the United States had likely committed murder and someone had to stop him before more people ended up dead, and like her, falsely accused.

The Suburban pulled up to the gates of the Congressional parking area and the gate man appeared unconcerned in spite of the fact that Andrea had never been through it before.  Justin was well known, and that, apparently, was enough for the guard.  

The two of them walked into Mathew Perry’s office unannounced.  It was ten after seven and the Congressional day had only begun for a few die-hard zealots that still believed hard work was a virtue.  Speaker Perry looked up, dong a double take upon seeing Andrea, who in spite of her beauty, was definitely out of place.  Perry knew of her, although the two had never formally met.  He stood up abruptly, apparently with the expectation of being introduced.  

“Mr. Speaker, I’d like you to meet Andrea.”

“Hello, Andrea,” he said, taking her hand.   

“I needed to bring Andrea along because she’s a part of this.  First, as you know, Jacob Todd is dead.  I’m not telling you anything you don’t already know.  Right?”

“Well, no. I didn’t know that, and I’m sorry, but what does that have to do with the death of the president?”  Perry inquired.

“Jacob Todd was point man on that hike in Greece and now he’s found in his overturned vehicle yesterday, dead.”

“Any indication of why or how?”

“No, but he was like the rest of us.  He could drive anything, anywhere.”

“And the autopsy?”

“They found a low level of alcohol, perhaps from a beer and a trace of Demerol in his blood at the time of his death.  The conclusion on the autopsy findings was that he passed out from the combination of the alcohol and Demerol, which his dentist had given him for pain. Drinking alcohol with pain medication is disallowed because they are synergistic.”

“But you’re not buying it?”

“And then there’s me.”  Andrea interjected.  She felt this was an opportunity to explain her situation.  “I’m under round-the-clock lockdown at my condo for nothing.  Just for being a reporter who spoke with President Nicole Keeling at a White House reception, last fall.”

“You mean you’re under house arrest?”  Perry questioned.

“That’s right, but because she and I have been friends for many years and because I have absolutely condemning evidence against Aaron Keeling, I felt the two of us had to come to you, immediately, before anyone else is found dead. We can tell you the facts.”

“Thank you for your candor.  But what can I do?”

“Read this report and then get back to me as soon as you can.  I know that my partner, Peter DeCosta, who was there just before the “accident” happened, is now under surveillance too, as of this morning.”

“And that means that he’s now a target?”

“That’s exactly what I think.  You need to look at this, Mr. Speaker.”

Justin turned on his iPhone and played the video clip for Perry.  Perry sat motionless, totally absorbed in the detail of the short, but revealing segment.  When it was over he looked up at Justin and Andrea.  

“I think you two better get goig and let me get to work.”

“We’re on our way.”

Justin knew he was running out of time and that he had to get to DeCosta before Aaron did.  He called him on his cell, but it went directly to voice mail.  Justin sent him a brief text hoping he would check his phone and read the message.

It read:  Contact me immediately.  Your life is in danger.

That was the quickest warning Justin could issue.  He hoped DeCosta would see it in time.


















CHAPTER 41


Alysia received confirmation of the death of Jacob Todd in a memorandum delivered personally to her desk by the presidential secretary earlier that morning.  She scanned the in-house document diffidently and tossed it on top of the other unclassified memos with an air of boredom.  She had been chosen to give the official statement to the press later that morning in lieu of a White House press conference, again, at the president’s bidding.  Aaron appeared at her door like a wraith, an apparition with some task in mind, no doubt, that she would have no desire to address.

“You see, I told you this guy had some kind of drug problem.  How are we going to get this whole thing out to the media?  We have to do this for transparency, you see?  We have to expose the Secret Service and their credibility.”

“Mr. President, I’ll take care of it.  Trust me.”

“That’s not what I’m asking.  I don’t think you understand.  I am the president and you work for me.  I don’t just do what you think best.  Now I’m going to ask you one more time.”

Aaron was getting a little testy and short-tempered.  Alysia knew the signs well.  She didn’t want to be forced into a diplomatic tap dance, but she couldn’t see any way out of her situation.  Why can’t you just back off and let me handle this, she wanted to say to him?  Every time he got himself into a situation where he needed some kind of immediate aid, he came to her to help pull him out of the mire and then told her exactly how he wanted it done.  It never dawned on him that the very asking for help implied incapacity and thus gave the rescuer the option of how the rescue was to be achieved.  

“I need to know exactly what you’re going to say.  There are internal controls on these things.”

“Are you implying that I don’t know these guys are drug tested quarterly?”

“No.  That’s not what I’m trying to say at all.  I know everything you know.  That’s why I’m still the president.”

This made Alysia even angrier than she already was.  She never truly liked him from the beginning of their relationship.  It was these condescending comments that constantly aggravated their affiliation. 

“I have prepared a summary of my remarks, a point outline, if you will.”

“Well then, where is it?  I need to see it, now!” 

His voice rose sharply at the end of his remark.

“We have to think about Justin Bradley.  We can’t say anything that would conflict with his knowledge of his own men.”

Aaron seemed to come unhinged at this remark.  

“I don’t give a damn about Mr. Justin Bradley.  He works for me, too.  If I tell him to back off, he’ll back off.  I don’t think you or he fully appreciate my position in this administration.”

“Well if you’re in such a good position, why don’t you attend the press conference and then you won’t have to worry about me saying the wrong thing?”  She paused, putting one hand on her hip.   “You can say it yourself.”

This representation to the media had to go Aaron’s way or the press might suspect that there was more going on than what was visible.  Aaron had carefully planned what happened to Jacob Todd to make it appear as though it was either a drug problem or just an unfortunate accident.  He knew from experience that the story could unravel very quickly if the right person got the wrong idea.  

“Here’s my report.” she said, handing him an unstamped, uncleared, document, ready for proofing, attribution, and security review.

Aaron read it quickly and then tossed it back at her in disgust.  

“This is fine.  Why couldn’t you have just given me this in the first place?  It’s apparent that you didn’t just finish it.”

“No, I didn’t just finish it.  As a matter of fact, I did it yesterday afternoon, two hours after you gave me the task.”

“In the future, I expect you to co-operate and do what I tell you to do, without this kind of resistance.  We have an important mission and it’ll be easier on both of us if we just get along.  You know what I mean?”  Aaron inquired tauntingly.

“Look, Alysia,” Aaron’s manner noticeably softening.  “We have a job to do here.  We have to protect this country from all who might do it harm. That is part of our constitutional oath, and I take mine very seriously.”

“You know I’ll do everything I can to make sure your goals are met.”

“That’s why I chose you as my presidential adviser.  Because I believed you had the right qualities and  that they would meld with mine to help serve this country and its people.  So I could serve them to the best of my ability.”

“I’m right behind you, Mr. President.”

“Good, good.”

Aaron rose like the apparition that had arrived only minutes earlier, leaving the room as quietly as he had arrived.  Alysia’s mission was a clear one.  She knew she would never let Aaron Keeling tell her what to do again.  Not as long as there was a breath left in her.

Alysia Weir was about to take control of her situation in the White House that she could now see was spiraling out of control.















CHAPTER 42

A desultory atmosphere filled the Speaker’s office the entire morning.  Mathew Perry had to find a way to convince Aaron Keeling to resign or, failing that, gather a sufficient number in the Congress who would agree to sign a Petition of Impeachment.  The former seemed unlikely and the latter very dangerous.  Mathew had made arrangements to meet with Niles Cunningham mid-morning at their “Rendezvous by the River” pub.  Their clandestine club.  The Secret Service was put on Elevated Alert, ordered by the President, primarily to protect the Speaker of the House.

Niles was a circumspect person; one who tried not to let his political propensity influence his judgment and common sense.  This was a similarity that Mathew and he shared throughout their friendship.  As Niles’s car made its way to the pub he reflected on the other, recent occasions they had met. He asked himself what he might have done, or presented differently, that might have short-circuited this current development.  He found no answer as he stared silently out the rear window, as his driver passed one housing area after another.  Each development was home to ordinary, working class people who were seldom alerted by the press to any missteps by their government.  That is until now. The bubble was bursting and no one could, legitimately, hide the truth. This time the media was spreading the news far and wide; domestically and abroad.

Niles had grown up in a sheltered lifestyle raised by two, very committed, schoolteachers.  His father taught high school history and his mother, who died when he was just twelve years old, taught piano, primarily to neighborhood children.  His sensitivity as an only child was a trait he shared with his mother who had also grown up without siblings.   Niles’s insatiable quest for a better world resulted from his exposure to history and the awareness of mistakes made by others without that knowledge. Many people, who might share similar intelligence, did not necessarily have his insight or understanding of motives. Understanding motivation was essential to good judgment. Yet, even though, Niles read everything he could, he still felt, at times, like he was missing something, himself.

When his limo pulled into the pub parking lot, Mathew Perry was already there, along with his Secret Service detail.  Niles had been somewhat hesitant to attend this meeting in spite of his close affiliation with the Speaker.  There had been a disruption in the government since the news of Nicole’s death and Niles had suspicions about what might, or might not have happened, many of which were just conjecture.

Mathew had already ordered martinis for them, but there was no sign yet of lunch.  He looked as though he had gone without sleep and did not appear his usual, impeccably groomed, self.  His shirt had a crumpled appearance as though it had been worn all night.  Consequently, Mathew appeared to Niles unsure of what he needed. 

He needed help.  This, in itself, was not typical.

“Thank you for coming on this short notice,” Mathew began formally.  “I’ve been up all night because the funeral is tomorrow and I need to figure out what really happened over there in Greece and thought you might be able to do something for me.”

“I will, if I can.  You know how I feel about most things.”

“Yes, I know you are a true patriot, as am I. I know we both want what’s best for our country.”

“One thing I do know is that I don’t want another ten years of Aaron Keeling. He was bad enough the first eight years, too much of a kibitzer the next two years and would definitely be a total disaster if left to govern unchecked for the rest of Nicole Keeling’s term and a possible two more terms of his own.”

“I don’t think the significance of this has really hit some of us in the House and the Senate.”

“Well, most presidents wouldn’t consider putting their wife up for nomination in order that they would then hold the trump card.”  Niles’s look of disgust was plainly evident.

“That’s just what I’ve been telling myself all night.”

“On my way here, I kept asking myself what I could have done differently, or convinced you to do differently, that could have stopped this whole debacle from developing the way it has.”

“And, let me guess..” Mathew suggested as he held up his hand to stop Niles from finishing his remark.

“You came to the same conclusion I did.  Nothing!  Am I right?”

“Right!”

“So, where does that leave us?”  Mathew looked dejectedly beaten back by the circumstances that they had been left with.  All were of Aaron Keeling’s deliberate and calculated creation. 

“I can’t just get up in the House when we convene again and say, look ladies and gentlemen, can’t you see how obvious it is that this guy shaped this whole situation for his own benefit?”

“Sometimes the truth just doesn’t help much, does it?  I mean there’s always another aspect to every story.”

“That’s right and we’re lawyers and that’s what our whole system of law is about.  That’s why we have an adversarial system.  So someone will relate the other side of each argument and reasonable men will make informed decisions based upon information presented to them, not just a knee jerk reaction.”

“I couldn’t have said it better.  But, what now?  How do we stop this man?  The guy’s brilliant.”

“I know that, but he is also evil, in the truest sense.  He knows how to work the system and he takes no responsibility for anything.”

“Just keeps kicking the can down the road, at every opportunity.”

As Mathew made this last remark he couldn’t help but think that maybe he could contact Alysia Weir and maybe make some headway with her.  Aaron Keeling has no real secrets from us; he’d like to say to her.  You can’t just keep him under your wing to protect him from the laws of our country.  They were created to stop people like your prized Aaron.  But there would be no opportunity, much less a reason, for him to proceed in that direction. 

“What do you think of Alysia Weir?  Do you think she’s approachable?  I won’t say ‘reasonable’ because of her singular loyalty to Keeling, but do you think if we had, maybe, some evidence that she would be compelling enough to influence him to, perhaps, resign?” 

“You have evidence?”  Niles asked, perking up.

“Don’t put words in my mouth.” Mathew grumped.  “I don’t have any conclusive evidence, no.  What I do have are many good reasons why Aaron should step aside.”

Niles took a deep breath.  He knew what he had to say to Mathew would be offensive. He looked across the pub and caught the eye of the bartender who immediately began mixing drinks.  When the waiter arrived at the table, he put the glasses and fresh napkins down, politely asking if there would be anything else.  Both men shook their heads without speaking a word and proceeded to drink, and think.

“Mathew, I can’t think of a man I respect more than I do you,” Niles began solemnly.

“Please, no platitudes.  Just say what you have to say.”

“Well first, let me contact Alysia Weir.  She has been a Presidential Adviser for as long as the members of the Senate and House can remember.  She’s cunning and self-serving.  As long as Aaron Keeling remains in office, her future is assured.”

“That’s true, that’s true.”

“Now, as far as Keeling is concerned…my opinion is that he would never, voluntarily, step aside for anyone else to take his office, much less you.  He hates you and everything you stand for.”

The room was silent.  The bartender had gone from view.  The Secret Service detail was guarding the outside of the building, leaving the two men, for now, alone with just the ticking of a clock somewhere.  This was a difficult situation, no doubt about it Mathew concluded, but there had to be some progress toward its resolution.  

“How about using an emissary?”  Mathew suggested.

“You mean, someone to intervene?”

“Yes, that’s exactly what I mean.”

“Oh, come on, Mathew.  Don’t tell me that’s why you asked me here today. Please.”

“Look, try to remember that it was you that came to me in the first place to do something to stop all of this, but at that time, like you just said, there was nothing either of us could do, then.”

“And now, you want me to confront the meanest, most-connected, woman this government employs?”

“Ah, come on, Niles, you have what it takes.”

“What, pray tell, is that, Mr. Speaker?”

The afternoon sun was coming around to the side of the building, which faced out on the river and reflected warmly through the window.  The mixture of alcohol and sunshine was just enough to start the courage flowing through the two men to feed both their optimism and courage.

Niles Cunningham was determined to help in some way to accomplish Mathew’s challenge.  He didn’t relish taking any petition in hand to try to get the required signatures he needed for Aaron’s impeachment.  As much as he saw Alysia as a potential threat, he knew that as long as she consented to meet with him, even if he failed to convince her to support him in seeking Aaron’s resignation, that she was smart and discreet enough that no word of their discussions would ever leak.

“Yes, perhaps an emissary.  I could live with that, for now.”  Niles smiled inscrutably.

“Good.  You may live to regret this and maybe me, too.”

“Yes, that’s true,” Niles admitted, “but it’s still our best shot.”  

In a single swallow, their martinis were gone.  They had agreed on the mission.  They were both brave soldiers now.





 










CHAPTER 43

It had rained all night, melting some of the snow. That, in itself, wasn’t unusual for the capital in November.  Dead leaves lay scattered under, half-naked, trees. Foul winds gusted and murky skies continued to darken, ahead of the pending funeral.  The funeral, itself, was set for 2, but it was deemed unlikely that the rain would spill from the black, threatening clouds.  The memorial service had been slated for the cathedral in Georgetown. Nicole hadn’t been military, in the strictest sense, so the interment was to take place at the family plot in a private cemetery in Oak Park, Illinois.  

Aaron was still concerned about Justin and just how much he might know or had seen, that crucial day. As a gesture of unity, Aaron sent word for Justin to meet him in the Red Room at ten that morning, ostensibly to discuss the day’s appearances and travel schedule.  Aaron had little concern for his own safety.  He never had.  He just wanted to put on his theatric performance to convince Justin of his sincerity. Maybe he could find out from Justin something about his co-operation with the CIA and their investigation of the accident itself.  

Aaron arrived a little early, which was his habit for meetings of any kind, no matter how trivial.  He would act the same as he had before Nicole’s tragic death and thereby keep low.  He knew how important it was to carry on in a concerned but stoic manner so that he wouldn’t set off any alarm bells among his retinue.  He found his favorite chair in the room and sat with his iPhone and a legal notepad in hand and was shortly lost in thought.  He was skimming through several old messages of condolences when Justin walked into the room, bringing him back to reality.

Justin looked a bit disheveled.  His jacket could use a pressing and his shoes could benefit from a shine. He appeared tired.

“Mornin’, Justin,” the president mumbled.

Justin noted that this man was not his usual self.  Even with his impeccable grooming, his demeanor was strange, unnatural.  Keeling sat with his legs and arms crossed and even though he was voicing a greeting, had not raised his head for Justin to see his face.  He might be medicated, perhaps with a tranquilizer or a mood-altering drug, which would not be unexpected under these circumstances.  

The two men remained silent for a full minute.  Finally Justin broke the silence.

“I got your message just a few minutes ago.  Sorry I’m late, Mr. President.”

“No problem.  Not to worry. I was actually enjoying this quiet room.  This has always been one of  my favorite rooms in the White House.  When I first started living here I would come to this room early in the morning before anyone else was up to just sit here and drink coffee and take in all of its ambiance and history.  I never felt that way about the other rooms in this building.  Maybe that’s because it’s one of the smaller and more intimate rooms.”

He didn’t look at Justin, but instead seemed to be furtively glancing around the room searching for something he might have misplaced.

“Is there something I can do for you, Mr. President?”

“Well, you know…there is.”

Aaron paused and Justin held his breath, waiting for this one.  So what do you know Aaron?  What did you really see that day, he thought to himself.  How could this man behave this like this?  Where did he get the guts to act this nonchalant?  

“Yes?” Justin sat motionless.

“I’d like you to read my eulogy to Nicole. Tell me what you think.  I used to have Nicole read my important speeches, but I can’t do that now, can I?”  With this, Aaron voice almost cracked, which sickened Justin who didn’t dare let on how he felt about this farcical display unfolding in front of him.

“What about your speechwriter, Mr. President?  Wouldn’t his opinion mean more than mine?”

Justin thought the longer he could draw out this conversation the better chance he had of avoiding whatever it was that Aaron had really called him here for.

“You know I like you, Justin.”  Aaron sat there with a bland expression leaving Justin to guess his next gambit in his deadly chess game.

“I want you to read this one in particular, because you were there and you, better than anybody, know what I went through.”

What’s this guy up to?  Does he know more than he’s willing to say?  What’s he trying to hide from me?  What does he know about Peter?  Is he going to get rid of us all, one way or another, in order to pull this thing off?  Justin had so many questions running through his mind that he couldn’t respond.  He wanted to read Aaron’s eulogy as quick as possible. Then, get out of this room and back to Mathew Perry to see what progress had made towards Aaron’s resignation or impeachment.

Without warning, Aaron stood up, walked over to Justin, thrust the document into his hand and returned to his chair. He sat waiting for Justin to complete his assigned task.

All of the country is saddened and shocked by the
untimely death of its president, Nicole Alison Keeling.
Not just because she was the first woman to hold this
Office, but because she was so well loved and appreciated,
Not only by the members of her political party, but
the entire nation’s citizenry, young and old.


We have gathered today to make homage, to honor both
her, and the office she so willingly occupied. The superb 
accomplishments she achieved and her great legacy,
given graciously to all the citizens of the United States.  

She was full of life and enthusiasm. Even her last act
symbolized a climb to find a road less traveled, a peak not yet scaled,
 just for the sheer challenge of it all.

Because, this was President Nicole Keeling.  A woman for all
seasons   An icon for all women   A friend to all mankind 

And more than all of that, a President that will always be
remembered for not only who she was, but also for what she contributed.  
The greatest lady this country has ever known.


“What do you think?”  Aaron inquired anxiously.

“I’m not really a writer, Mr. President.  I barely got through high school English, but I am very impressed by this.”

“Do you think it captures her essence?”

“Absolutely, and I think it will bring tears to everyone.”

“I was hoping you’d say that.”  Aaron’s true nature was emerging from under this theatrical shroud of sorrow.

“You’ve put a lot of time into this.”

“You are perceptive, Justin.  I’ve thought little else for two days and I started this thing several times and just deleted it all because it wasn’t worthy of Nicole.”

If he put his heart and soul into a eulogy, why wouldn’t he call it something more dignified?  Why call it a “thing”?  Who was he trying to kid?  That didn’t really matter now.  He wanted me to react, but why?  He knew I was there when it happened and at least saw whatever I saw, even though it was at a distance.  So what is this gabfest all about, Justin thought.

“Sometimes we just have to gather our friends around and take comfort in the fact that they’re there to protect us.  Like you men in the Secret Service.”  Aaron gestured dramatically.   “You know, it isn’t just your sense of duty I appreciate most.”

“Oh really, what then?”  

“It’s your loyalty.  I go to bed each night knowing that I will wake up the next morning ready for another day because of you.  And that’s over and above the fact that I like you as a person.”

“My sworn loyalty is to the Constitution of the United States of America. You know that.”

“Yes, and I also know that you see me as the chief conduit of that magnificent, guiding, instrument.  I have the executive power to see that document from the legal perspective I choose.  Are you following me?”

“I think so, but I don’t know much about constitutional law, I’m afraid.   So what does all of this has to do with Nicole’s funeral?”

“Nothing.  It has nothing to do with her funeral. It has to do with your loyalty to the office I hold, which is granted to me under the Constitution of the United States.  This country is in shock now and virtually crippled by Nicole’s death.  The financial markets of the country are barely recovering from a recession and a further upheaval in the White House would send our currency plummeting along with the stock and commodity markets.  It could take the US decades to recover from that kind of damage, if ever.  Do you understand me?”

Justin just wanted to say that he understood him much better than Keeling realized, but that would have to wait.  He had to assume now that Aaron had already, or was going to, eliminate anyone who might have knowledge of what really happened on that hike.  For some reason though, he didn’t want to have anything happen to Justin.  For some inexplicable reason he viewed him as insurance.

Justin rose, paced across the room, pondering what might buy enough time to stop this man from his self-styled quest to dominate the country.  America needs an able leader, not a self-appointed dictator.  What would this man do next?  

“You will always have my full support, Mr. President, because I will always put the welfare of this country first and foremost.  Your well-being is certainly a part of that.”

“I have always felt you were the right man for the job when they appointed you head of the Presidential Detail. Now, can I go to the funeral today, confident in the knowledge that you, and your men, will do whatever needs to be done to secure this country’s future?” 

“Of course, Mr. President.  That goes without saying.”

“Say, before I let you go here, can you explain something for me?”

“I’ll do my best Mister President.”
“Cell phones take pictures, do they not?”

“Yes.”

“Alright then, do they take videos, as well?”

“Most do, yes sir.”

These questions were making Justin nervous.  He had to divert Aaron’s suspicion away from this line of thought and questioning or Justin’s future might be a dark one indeed.  Justin continued, “We never use our phones when guarding a subject. For surveillance duty, we rely on the local law enforcement units because they are fully equipped for that.”

“That makes sense.  I did think you really had to focus on the President.”

“That’s right.  Then we couldn’t really use our cell phones for photos or videos without risk of dereliction of duties to the President.” 

“How about when you’re off-duty?  Do you use your cell phones then?”

“No, not really because, if hacked, they could disclose our position.”

“What do you use then?”

“We use a dedicated, encrypted comm system.”

“And does it take videos?”

“Oh no.  It’s just for communication.”

“Well, that makes sense.” 

“Anything else sir?”

“No, Justin.  That’s all for now.”

There were a lot of things that were never said or even alluded to in their conversation but that didn’t change the fact that Justin could feel the time bomb ticking.  Now he was all the more determined to do whatever needed to be done to stop Mr. Aaron Keeling.  Stop him once and for all.



   














CHAPTER 44


Just getting up out of bed made Niles Cunningham as ready as he ever would be for his upcoming meeting with Alysia Weir.  He could admit, if only to himself, how much she scared the crap out of him, although he was quite sure that many others felt the same way he did.  He took a final look in the bathroom mirror for any early morning flaws, turned off the light and went into the garage where the car’s engine and heater were already running; a feature of the new, high-end cars.

Thanksgiving was just around the corner and the fields were dappled with patches of wet snow from the last storm but still bare of crops. He noted this, absently, as he drove along the highway to the capitol.  Large black crows seemed to be the only birds in the fields.  The birds were too mean and greedy and wouldn’t leave until they’d gleaned the scant remains of the farmer’s crop that was missed by the harvester.   The other birds had, by now, gone south.

Turning into the White House parking lot, Niles he started to feel a bit better about his mission and the duty he had to Mathew Perry and the United States.  Just because Alysia had gained the reputation of being America’s Iron Maiden, didn’t mean that she wouldn’t cave as a result of the right pressure applied strategically.  Underneath all her gruff exterior, maybe she was just as human as anybody else and, in spite of her reputation, maybe a little vulnerable. He could hope.

Alysia wasn’t sure she was ready to meet with Cunningham either.  She sat slumped down in her swivel chair in the cramped quarters of her meager office with her large cup of espresso.  It was half gone already.  She had drunk most of it while going over everything Aaron had told her about the accident and the suspicions of his Presidential Detail. This morning, nothing made much sense.  The strange death of Jacob Todd, the security leaks of Peter DeCosta…what next?  Justin Bradley’s reputation?  How could she integrate all of this and defend Aaron?  On the other hand, her own future in the White House necessitated her doing what the president had asked.

At 9:53, Alysia looked up as Rachael Gehis, her assistant, poked her head into the office with a quick message.

“Niles Cunningham is here to see you.”

“Tell him I’ll be right with him.”

Rachael disappeared almost as quickly as she had appeared.  Alysia just sat there for a couple of minutes telling herself not to appear anxious. He might interpret that as a sign of weakness.  After ten minutes, she stood up, straightened her sweater under her suit jacket and walked to the door to begin the meeting.

“Good morning, Mr. Congressman, won’t you come in and have a seat?” 

This was said in the most somber tone she could muster in an attempt to gain a bit of psychological advantage.  She was soon to discover that this man, even though he was a relatively young congressman, let no grass grow beneath him.

“It’s very good of you to see me on such short notice.”  Niles was deliberately formal and polite, to get this negotiation off on the right foot.

“I assume you had a special reason for wanting to see me since I have never been introduced to you formally, here in Washington, I mean.”

Niles took a seat opposite her and, taking off his coat, leaving his iPad in full view for effect.  How phony, he thought to himself.  However, this might actually make it easier to deal with her.  He had been to the White House before and generally the ambiance and beauty of it were enough to impress and intimidate visitors.  Alysia’s little, makeshift office was not pretentious.  It lacked atmosphere prevalent everywhere else in the building.  Niles had never seen it before and felt its appearance left much to be desired.  It also reinforced the feeling he had earlier that he might come away from this meeting ahead of the game.

“As a matter of fact, I met you the night of the reception, a couple of months ago, here in the White House.”

“Oh, you mean the opening of the new ballroom?”

“Yes, exactly.  But there were so many people and so much going on, I’m not surprised you don’t remember me.”

“So, is that what this meeting is about then?”

“It’s about the death of Nicole Keeling.”

Alysia was shocked, taken aback by the direct approach Niles was using to get her attention.  He certainly did have her attention now.  She shot her chair back as though about to stand up and end the meeting.  Her glare implied that he had just spoken the unspeakable. She straightened in her chair like a soldier coming to attention.  

“What authority gives you the right to come here to question me about the death of our president?”

“I didn’t come here to do that.”

“Then, what did you come here for?”

She was on the defensive now, which is what he wanted.  This was a break he had been hoping for, ever since last night.  He had hit her Achilles heel and now he could go for the jugular.

“I came here to deliver a message.”

“Don’t play games with me, Mr. Cunningham, or I’ll ask you to leave.”

“Oh no.  I don’t think you’ll do that.”

“Really?  Why not?”

“Because now you know I have some information that you don’t.  You would never allow that.  I may not know you personally, but I know your reputation.  You’ve been around Washington long enough to know the town is based on gossip and favors and anyone who’s been here that long, knows it. And, the higher one is, the more it applies.”

Alysia’s face flushed with anger, confusion, and frustration.  She wanted to just tell this guy where he could shove his information but she knew she had to play along, or at least appear to, in order to protect Aaron Keeling.  Niles moved in for the kill.

“There is a witness to the accident. Someone who saw the president lose her footing while on that hike.”

“So? What does that prove?”

“That person,” he paused, “or those persons, constitute material witness to the murder of the president.”

Alysia sat paralyzed, numbed by shock and fear.  She wanted him thrown out of her office, thinking that her aggression would intimidate him; maybe back away from this ‘conspiracy theory’.  That wasn’t going to happen, though.  Niles had zoned in on the murder.  He had defined it, labeled it, and delivered the accusation without missing a beat.  She had to think fast.

“You are making an outrageous accusation.  You do know that?”

“I do, and I am doing exactly what I came here to do.”

“So what do you expect me to do about it?  She asked tentatively.

“I expect you to be the messenger.”

“Why me?  If you’re so sure about all of this, why don’t you use proper legal channels to make your accusation public?”

Niles’s approach softened slightly.  He wanted something from her and knew he didn’t have to make his message any clearer.  She was scared.

“I’d like to try to keep it from the press.  These things are not good for government. They damage the country and its economy and those are things my party is always concerned with.  I am here under direction to come to an agreement, one that you and the president can live with, and one that will satisfy us.”

“And what would that be?”

“Truth is, we want the president to resign.”

“Resign?”

“Yes.  On terms acceptable to him.”

There was silence in the room and the old grandfather clock in between the windows on the wall sounded louder as it ticked portentously.   Alysia tried to extricate herself from this mire by devising a plan she might take credit for.  Sensing there wasn’t a way out for her; Niles sat calmly, giving her time to figure out a way she could deal with this challenge; a way to save face.  

“Why don’t we do this…?” She paused.  “Why don’t I call the president? Tell him that you have some serious allegations and then, see what develops.  I can’t believe that anyone in the Secret Service could have killed the president.”

“I think you missed the message, Ms. Weir.  I’m not suggesting that the murderer was anyone in the Secret Service.”

“Well, who then?”

“Aaron Keeling.”

Alysia’s face turned ashen. She sat, unable to rise, as Niles left the room.  Niles had won this battle and would return to fight another day.


















CHAPTER 45


Andrea’s condo was still, officially, under surveillance.  Justin still came, at midnight, to relieve DeCosta, who was nominally ‘suspended’, while under the scrutiny of the Office of the Attorney General.  The wind still gusted, blowing erratically through naked limbs of the walnut trees that had stood so stoically, defiant of nature’s assault.  The moon danced among threatening, cumulonimbus clouds, casting lacy shadows below the branches.  

Andrea sat alone at her computer, intently absorbed in her own world.  She had been through so much difficulty with this president and was enduring such frustration that she was now determined to write an article to circulate through her affiliate newspapers.  She must write factually; without mentioning any details she had learned from Justin.  

She was examining Nicole’s death as explicitly as she could, asking the reader to question why Nicole might have even gone to Europe on a hiking trip, in the first place.  After all, what kind of second honeymoon would involve an activity that would put the president of the most powerful country in the world, at any physical risk?  Who would advise such a vacation?  Since she lacked actionable evidence for the article, she decried instead, that poor judgment, pointing the finger squarely at vice president Aaron Keeling, and his adviser, Alysia Weir.  

She finished her edited version just as Justin arrived, somewhat later than usual.  She always looked forward to seeing him, especially now with her life being so restricted.  She had thought at first she could just go to her attorney, seeking to get this arbitrary surveillance curtailed.  She couldn’t really be under house arrest without being charged and arraigned.  But these Executive Orders were rarely issued, and even the press wasn’t sure.  

“I want you to know I just got finished talking to Mathew Perry and it seems Alysia Weir may be our weakest link and that, through her, we may be able get to the president.”

Andrea’s disgust with the lack of progress being made resolving Nicole’s murder, combined with the whimsical charges against her, catalyzed her courage. She would tell Justin about her article.

“I’m just finishing an article about Nicole Keeling, set to be released the day after tomorrow, nationwide.”

Andrea cringed at he own remark.  After all, Justin was handling the whole situation as best he could but they seemed no closer to a resolution now than on the day after Nicole’s fatal fall.

“Ordinarily, I’d think you were being rash, but with what Niles Cunningham did today, you might be giving us more leverage, if you get my drift.”

“You mean you want to read it?”

“Yes.  Please don’t send it out though, until I see it.”

“It’s already gone,” she said artfully.

“Well, maybe that’s OK.  If Keeling thinks we have a way of showing what really happened and be able to prove it to the public’s satisfaction, we might get him to resign voluntarily.”

“Wouldn’t that be nice?”

Andrea had a rough draft of her article that she had printed before Justin arrived.  She handed it to him with delight now that Justin was feeling more receptive.  Justin was very absorbed and quiet as he read through it.  It was a terse, accusative article and in a minute he was done. He put it down on the desk.  

“I’m no writer, of course, but I think this is great.  It says enough to challenge people to think, without actually accusing anybody of anything.  The thing I like the most is that it casts a shadow on Alysia Weir since she set up the whole thing, in the first place.”

“Good.  I was hoping you’d notice that.”

“Oh yeah.  The only clear path to him is through her.  She’s the power behind the throne, so to speak, and always has been.  If we make her nervous enough, we can then get to him.”

“I always felt that she was his security blanket.”  Andrea was serious about this.

“You’re absolutely right.  He hasn’t done anything from the time he took office, the first time, without her consent and approval.”

“It’s like she’s his good luck charm.”

“Exactly.  More than that, even.  It’s like she runs the show, most of the time.”

“Then let me get this out now to the rest of the papers so that it will hit the street together, as planned.”

“How many papers will take it?”

“All my regular outlets will want it.”

“Do they know anything about you being under surveillance at all, by the AG’s office?”

“No, not yet.  But when this gets out, I’m sure that will all change.”

“I’ve no doubt.”

Justin’s mind raced and he was already trying to decide how to answer Aaron’s questions and demands when Keeling realized that Andrea had taken it upon herself to send an article out to the AP.  Of course there wouldn’t be much he could do about it, after the fact.  He would be angry of course, but then he’d have Alysia to handle his response.  She would do her best as she always had.  She had worked miracles in the past, and she was always one hundred percent on his side.
 
Aaron was just enjoying a snifter of Napoleon brandy.  He had developed this habit, recently; a glass each night at bedtime. Alysia was calling him on his iPhone.  Hearing it ring, he began to switch it off but then saw the call display and realized he’d better answer it.  She had never called him at that hour before and he knew she didn’t do anything without good reason.

“Mr. President, we need to talk.”

“Now?”

“Yes.  Can you meet me in the library in ten minutes?”

“I’ll be there.”

There was something different in Alysia’s voice tonight.  Something told him he better do what she asked and not question it.  He quickly threw on his jacket and headed from his apartment to the library.  

“I’m just going down to the library,” he announced to the Secret Service agent in the hallway on his way out.

“Yes, Mr. President.”  The agent followed behind him. A few minutes later Aaron was sitting with Alysia in a dim corner of the library ready for whatever emergency she considered important enough to haul him out of the safety of his secured quarters, particularly at that hour of the night.  

“I hope you have something important, because I don’t appreciate you disturbing me at this hour.  I’ve had a very stressful week.”  He had a sound of petulance in his voice that was worse than usual and he looked so annoyed that she was worried that he might just get up and leave.

“I won’t bore you with details then.  I had a visitor to my office today.”

“Yes?”  Aaron was pained by the entire conversation.  You’re really just wasting my time with your hysteria, he wanted to say.  She was difficult enough to deal with under the best of circumstances.

“Niles Cunningham came to see me and wants to negotiate with us.”

“Negotiate what?  I don’t negotiate with heads of state, let alone junior congressmen.”

“He says he has information about Nicole’s death.”

The room was silent.  Neither Aaron nor Alysia spoke for a time and it was difficult to tell who was more frightened.

“What kind of information?”  Aaron stood up abruptly and glared at Alysia.  The intensity of his stare was charged with anger and resentment.  “This conversation was...” Alysia arrested Aaron by grabbing his hand and pulling him back down into his chair.
 
“You’ve got to listen to me.”  She had the air of authority in her voice.  “ We don’t have the luxury of being able to tell this guy his opinion is not appreciated.  And we can’t just tell him to get lost either.  He knows something and so does his party.  Whatever it is, he’s so completely sure of himself that he’s not going away, any time soon.”

“You must have some idea.  He must have said something.  Some clue at least.”  Aaron’s voice rose in volume with each remark until he was yelling at Alysia. She did not appreciate that at all and told him so.  

“Calm down.  I’m sure there’s some way we can deal with this.  We’ve gotten you  through everything else these past ten years.  Right?”

“Right.” Aaron conceded.

“Can you think of anything that happened that day that would make him think Nicole’s death was something other that an accident?”

“No,” Aaron stated vehemently.  “I reached for her when she lost her footing and then fell.  It’s as simple as that.  If there was anything else involved, someone would have come forward before now.” 

 Aaron sounded very sure of himself now because he felt quite capable of talking himself out of the very paradox he, himself, had created.   

“Some witness claims to have information which has teeth enough tear holes in your account. If you don’t know what this is, you should at least have some idea of who this is.”

“It must be that woman; that reporter, Pinkerton.  Nicole talked with her a few times before the accident.  Nicole must have told her something.  I’ve had her under surveillance and confined to her home ever since the accident, and no one has come to see her or called her.”

“Has she gone to see anybody on her own?”

“Not that I’m aware of.  Secret Service keeps a very close watch.  I’m quite sure of that.  Justin Bradley has never missed anything in all the years I’ve known him.”

Alysia put her palms on her knees in a gesture of finality to end this meeting.  Aaron knew he had pushed the envelope as far as he could and wanted it over as much as she.

“Leave this with me,” Alysia declared in conclusion.  “I think I know where we need to go from here. I need time to get together what we need to fight these bastards.”

“I knew you’d think of something.” 

 Aaron stood up, too. Alysia was with him again, as she always had.  She would solve all the problems. She always had.  After all, isn’t that the presidential advisor’s job?

Alysia would also have to dig herself out. There would be no help forthcoming from him. That was for sure.














CHAPTER 46


Mathew Perry needed more information.  He called Niles to asked him to get hold of Justin for a meeting where they could all speak openly.  It wasn’t a surprise that Niles arranged their meeting at the pub on the river where they had met before.  It had become their ‘clubhouse’.  It seemed a safe and secure place to meet and plan the next step of their mission to bring down Aaron Keeling.  

Mathew knew, whatever else happened, that he had to either secure Aaron’s resignation or an impeachment hearing would be called, one which would damage the country’s reputation, stability and its economy for, perhaps, a decade.

As Mathew entered the parking lot, he could see Niles’s car was already parked at the side of the eatery.  As they pulled up, Niles’s door opened and he stepped out of the vehicle wearing a grin that proclaimed a successful completion of his assigned task.

“Justin will be here soon.  I’ll wait till he’s here to tell the rest of what happened.  I know, now, we are on the right track.”

“Great!  Let’s get in out of the wind.”

Mathew was counting the minutes, with his hands stuffed in his coat pockets to preserve his body heat, when Justin’s car pulled up.  He led the way toward the pub entrance like drum majorette.  As soon as Justin was out of the car, all three men entered the tavern and were soon seated by their waiter.  All were anticipating their next move, whatever they might decide, that would put an end to this president’s reign of terror.  Time was ticking away, too fast, and too implacably to allow for any misstep.  Everything must be completed as quickly and decisively as possible. Whatever needed to be done it had to be done soon.  

As they were seated and drinks were ordered, Matt assured them that they were bound by a mutual understanding based on loyalty, patriotism and allegiance to a singular cause. No social order, rank, or privilege was recognized and all they were here to assure their country’s ultimate redemption. All murmured in assent. The table was given over to Niles.  He was the one who possessed new information and they wanted to hear it, to be up to date.
 
“How did it go, Niles?”  Mathew asked.

“Well.  As a matter of fact, very well.”

“How could anything go well with that woman?”  Justin was justifiably skeptical. 

“No.  Let me set you both straight.  I had the same fears as you.  I have been studying this woman carefully for ten years now.  She is something to watch and something else to deal with.”

“You’ve got that right!” 

Justin remembered those instances when he had to accept and follow directives that she passed to the President.  They had proven to be complicated and difficult minefields to negotiate.

“She scared now, though.  Maybe not as worried as we are, but extremely unsettled and cautious.”

“Does she know something?” Mathew asked.

“Oh yes.  I would definitely say she knows something or suspects something.”

“But she won’t let on what, of course.”  Mathew noted.

“No, she’s much too smart for that.”

“Street smart?”  Justin offered.

“That, too.  She’s going to slow walk Aaron through this thing and out the other side if she possibly can.”
 
“That’s what I was afraid of.”  

Mathew’s mind was racing now.  He saw Alysia dancing through their ensnarement and at the same time, leaving Aaron untouched by their accusations.  I’d sure like to see that woman brought down once and for all along with her precious Aaron, Mathew thought to himself.  He knew they had to conquer both players to win the game.  That’s the kind of people both Alysia and Aaron were.  Indivisible.  Divide and conquer: that was the only strategy that might possibly work.

“We’re getting sidetracked here,” Niles announced.  “She is not as sure of herself as she once was.  She’s buckling at the knees, to some extent at least.  I thought to myself if I could subtly send the message to her that we could prove that Nicole was, in fact, murdered and that she might be named as some kind of co-conspirator...” 

“Or even that the press might imply it,” Mathew added.

“Exactly.  So that’s what I attempted to do and I believe it worked.  She sure as hell wasn’t the smug bitch she was when I left her that she appeared when she answered her door this morning.”

“Good for you!  So we’ve made some real progress.  What’s next?  Who’s calling the shots?”  Mathew needed to know.  

“You need to plan.  I understand that, but she has to talk to Aaron first, then we’ll have our second meeting.”

“Where?”

“In her office again.  I think doing what we did with the meeting this time gave her both a sense of control and a false sense of security.  That’s where her weakness is.  She has this sense that if she is in control she’s secure and that will be her downfall in this thing if anything will.  The combination of running the show and not accurately sensing the danger will do her in, in the end.”

“Or so you hope,” Mathew punctuated.

“That goes without saying.”

“So when’s the next meeting?” Justin queried.

“Tomorrow morning at eight.”

“So that’s not going to give her a lot of time to think about it and really plan much is it?”

Mathew knew this plan, in order to work, had to run quickly and smoothly.  He didn’t want to have to produce any more evidence like the video from Justin’s iPhone.  This would open another whole can of worms and might move their plans for a peaceful resignation under pressure out onto the floor of Congress and into an action of impeachment.  This would drag out and be far too costly in terms of impact on the country.  Not to mention that it might not even be successful which would give Aaron all the more power.  

That would be intolerable.


















CHAPTER 47


Aaron wasn’t looking forward to the meeting with Alysia as he stood motionless in the shower and let the water drum on him as he ruminated.  He had lain awake much of the night and, giving up at five AM and had headed for the bathroom to find some comfort under the spray of hot pulsing water.  It had snowed most of the night, and three inches of fresh snow covered the frozen base of snow and ice that made the lesser roads impassible, slowing traffic to a crawl.  Snowplows would soon be out in force and life would carry on as usual in the capital.

As he stepped from the shower, Aaron was still trying to clear his head and plan his course of action.  Alysia had always done this for him, but she was weakening in her resolve.  Now, he felt she was failing to stand behind him in everything he did and said, as she had always done.  Maybe she sensed that it might be necessary to save herself.  She had a real fear of danger, but a poor sense of it.  Maybe she was hunkering down against a threat to her if she was found too close to him.  That way, she could maintain her position or take a step away to save herself, whichever was more expedient.

She, like him, had always been an opportunist and until now, this had been one of the bases of their relationship. But things had changed.  The gauntlet had been thrown down and if one of them lost, both of them could go up in smoke.

As Aaron made his way assertively down the hall and into her office, and even though it was only six-thirty, he assumed she would be there and he was right.  She looked up from her paperwork, but she neither stood up nor smiled as she usually did.  

“You’re early.” she announced.

“I couldn’t sleep.  I’ve been so disturbed and now this accusation on top of everything else.  My life is a mess, and so am I.”

“I never thought I’d live to hear you, of all people, make that kind of confession.  Especially not to me.”

“You don’t know me very well, Alysia.  I’m not as hardened as I might appear on the surface.  Nicole’s death certainly has taught me that.  I loved that woman, and I’m completely lost without her.”

“I’m glad to hear you say that, Aaron.  Not that I want you to suffer.  That’s not anything I ever would want for you.  You’re my friend.”

Alysia’s voice was sympathetic and comforting, but at the same time there was a perceived hollowness in it that Aaron recognized.  She was laying track for her retreat from him.  He had little doubt of that now.  

“Have you thought about how we should proceed?” 

“Oh yes.  I certainly have.  It may not be the direction you want to take but I’m going to advise you, if you want these accusations to die down you better consider doing what I say, or I’ll be out of here.”

“Out of here?”  Aaron’s voice raised many decibels.  “What am I supposed to take from that?”

“Anything you like, I guess.”

“Listen.  Don’t you threaten me and don’t try to push me around because I don’t push.”

“Neither do I.” 

Alysia was holding her ground and Aaron knew she meant it.  The tone of her voice, and her body language telegraphed it.  It added up to a standoff that he couldn’t afford right now.  He would have loved to tell her to just go, but his reputation was fragile now, another assault would just deepen the wound and send his poll ratings plummeting.  That wouldn’t be acceptable either.

“You and I both know there’s no hard evidence here.  No witness to anything.  No pictures or videos.  There’s nothing we need to suppress then.  Right?”

“No one would have anything like that unless it’s one of the Secret Service guys.”

Alysia threw this comment toward Aaron to see if he would catch it and, if he did, what he would make of it.

“What if we were to require them to turn their cell phones over to us?  Is there some way we could do that?”

“To my knowledge, no one has ever done that before, but that doesn’t mean it can’t happen.”

“So maybe we could make it happen. Could we?”

“Are you afraid of something Aaron?  What the hell is going on?”

“Nothing!  Are you accusing me of something?”

“Accusing you of what Aaron?  I haven’t accused you of anything.”

“It sounds to me like you are.”

“Are you asking me if I have my suspicions?”

“Maybe.”

“What kind of answer is that?  You think there’s a video that shows the accident, don’t you? 

 If there is, couldn’t we confiscate it before the AG’s office figures it out?  You keep saying you’re trying to help me.  Why don’t you do something?  Get hold of anything that may be damaging.  There could be a video out there and it might look like something it isn’t for all I know.  I don’t think you have really given this matter your full attention.” Aaron was rambling.

“Don’t give me shit for trying to protect you Aaron or, as I said earlier, I’ll just wash my hands.”

“Look Alysia, we’ve always been friends.  Good friends, as far as I’m concerned, and these times are difficult but they shouldn’t change the way we feel about each other.”

“I don’t want to interrupt your train of thought.”

“What are you trying to tell to me?”

Alysia stiffened and leaned forward in her chair.  She was about to make a pronouncement.  Issue an order.  This annoyed Aaron beyond belief because he had never allowed anybody to tell him what to do.  Especially a woman.  This was different.  He had come to her for help, as much as he resented it.  This meant if he really wanted the help he had to swallow his pride.  Grit his teeth.  Take his medicine, or lose the office of president again.

“There’s a holiday coming up, in Canada, this week.”

“Excuse me?”  Aaron said, incredulous.

“Hear me out.  Canada celebrates what they call Remembrance Day, in Ottawa, on November 11th every year.”  

“They’re not a military country.”

“No, that’s true, but that’s not the point.  They have a large ceremony in the country’s capital every year and the Prime Minister would love to have you be his guest for it.”

“So, you’ve already arranged this.  Is that right?”

“In a manner of speaking, yes.  First the ceremony and following that, a G8 conference in Vancouver, British Columbia.”

“I’ve never been to either place.”

“Good.  Then this should be enjoyable for you.”

“A sort of vacation?”

“To give you a chance to grieve and sort this out, if you catch my drift.”

Aaron then realized that, even though Alysia might be taking care of herself in the process of managing his problem, her plan was quite ingenious.  He would be gone. Out of the country on a mission of sympathy and sorrow.  He couldn’t fault her plan in any way.  It was perfect.  It protected everybody and he knew it.

“You always have cared more about the party than me, or anything else, haven’t you?”

“I think you know me better than anybody else.  Without the party, what are we?  They protect and sustain us in everything we say and do.  What more is there?”

Aaron had left home that morning dreading this meeting, and now could take off, out of the country leaving all of his problems behind.  Things had gone better than he had dreamed possible.  This would leave Alysia free to negotiate on his behalf with him removed to safety.  Tactics were everything.  Fighting the battle, away from the battlefield.  A general’s fondest dream.












CHAPTER 48


Niles’s phone rang at seven AM.  He was already at his desk awaiting his secretary and for his workday to begin.  He knew Alysia was a force to be reckoned with and hoped he would be able to continue to exert enough resistance to her counterattack to bring her to the table on his terms.  It was a gamble he was willing to take to help Mathew step up and stop this aspiring dictator from realizing his dream of a new America.  The New America, according to Aaron Keeling.

It had nothing to do with the law, or the Constitution that the president had sworn to uphold… twice.  But what difference did that make?  It was an obscure and outdated document anyway.  One based on values that are irrelevant now, some two hundred plus years later.  Things had changed.  Times had changed.  Everything was now disposable, including old legal documents that were drafted in times of old to serve countries of old, countries that needed to change.  Who better to change them than the president?  He had a mandate from the people.  He could offer them something they really needed.  He had his finger on the pulse, so to speak.

Niles’s phone buzzed. 

“It’s Alysia Weir,” the voice on the other end of the line said calmly.

“Good. You’re getting back to me even more promptly than I had expected.  I hope this is a good sign.”

“What, for you, or for me?”  She laughed at her own wit, as though gloating. 

“Let’s get down to business here.  Do you have some kind of plan worked out or not?”

“This is no-nonsense stuff as far as I am concerned, Niles.  Just hear me out.”

“That’s why I’m here, isn’t it?”

“I have made arrangements with Aaron to attend two functions in Canada, starting tomorrow in an attempt to distract him enough to meet with you. You can figure out some way to pressure him into resigning.”

“Excellent!” 

“Not so fast, Niles.  It’s not over yet.  I still have to break through the Keeling armor which hasn’t given an inch, that I can detect.”

“That’s OK.  You’ve made a perfect first step.  Meet me first thing tomorrow morning…say about six-thirty.  Is that too early for you?”

“No, that’s fine.”

Bright and early the following morning, Niles and Alysia sat across from each other in her office and Aaron was already on Air Force One; destination Canada, to meet Jacques Fortier, a questionable ally of President Keeling and the country he represented.  The French in Canada had never been particularly fond of their cousins to the south, or any other Europeans, for that matter.  Even though Aaron hoped for a pleasant break from his difficult situation, he realized that Canada and Fortier might turn out to be a little more than he had bargained for.

Alysia had to be very careful how she handled Niles and vice versa.  They were both attorneys, and fully aware of the content, nature and implications of everything they said to each other.  Alysia had spent many years shadowboxing for the president and Niles had a background as a county district attorney who had a reputation for breaking down the tightest defenses arguments in the business.  Both were certainly well matched adversaries.  

“How did you manage to get him to agree to go to Canada?” 

Niles was worried that she might have some idea about the video Justin had taken even though he had no idea how she could have.  He assumed from the posturing she had done in the past that this attitude would continue or even sharpen, so he was ready for anything she chose to throw at him.  

“I simply advised him that keeping a low profile was the most prudent course to follow now because otherwise his enemies would be ready to tear him apart.  I let him know that I would take care of any problems that arose while he was gone and that, if he felt the need, he could always come back at a moment’s notice with no harm done.”

“And that seemed to satisfy him?”

“Yes.  I believe so.  After all he went, didn’t he?”

“Oh yes.  And for that I am grateful.  You better believe it.  So, where does this go next?”

“As soon as he gets to Ottawa, I’ll talk to him again, tell him about our meeting and create enough doubt in his mind, perhaps to worry him.”

Alysia smiled smugly, a habit she had developed over the years that Niles had been observing her.  She hadn’t changed much, just acted a little more self-assured and overbearing; not qualities he admired in anyone, but typical of her brand of politico.

“I’ll arrange another meeting as soon as I make contact.”

“And I can count on you to do that, can I?”

“Absolutely.  I have told you my plan.  I’ll let him know what’s going to transpire, but at a safe distance so that whatever he wants to do, he’ll do it there, not here.”

“You’re afraid of him, aren’t you?” 

Niles detected a hesitation in her speech or some subtle body language that emboldened him to make the accusation.  She hesitated for a minute, not wanting to give anything away, but that, more than anything, answered Niles’s question. 

Was she smart enough to get Aaron out of his mess?  That remained to be seen.


















CHAPTER 49
 

Ottawa felt like a foreign country.  Even though people talked, dressed and looked almost the same, it had a feeling about it that was quite different.  Ottawa spoke of the past, of custom and traditions.  These were all things Aaron had no interest in and perhaps, even, disdained.  The Prime Minister was another story.  This man was young and spoke English with a marked accent, which was most strange since he represented an English speaking country where bilingualism had been taught in its schools for more than fifty years. 

The Remembrance Ceremony, as it was called, was to commemorate the Treaty of Versailles marking the end of WWI and was held at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier, in front of the House of Parliament which was guarded twenty-four hours a day by a soldier in full regalia.  The ceremony required much preparation and groups had been gathering since early morning to practice and march in order to be ready for the placing of wreaths to mark the tomb and honor the dead, those lost in battle.  This was not inspiring to Aaron who saw it as pompous and superfluous in today’s world.

Aaron had his own ideas for this mission to Canada. He called his oldest and dearest girlfriend, Ashley Conway, to join him there once he was safely ensconced in the finest hotel on Sussex Boulevard.  He wanted someone on his arm that made him feel good about himself, and she fit the bill perfectly.  No shadow of a doubt. She was blond, elegant and beautiful.  Engaging smile, perfect figure.  She was young enough to look good and old enough to know when to shut her mouth.  What more could any politician want?  The Secret Service would fly her in on Air Force One that afternoon, and he would be set for the Monday ceremony. 

He had given her explicit instructions on what she must wear in keeping with the other participants in this event. Dress all in black, a warm wool coat, gloves and hat, all in black to provide the proper ‘look’ for the occasion.  With these details swimming around in his head, recovering from his journey, the previous night’s many martinis, he still managed to hear the phone ringing.

“It’s for you.” a Secret Service man announced, passing him the phone.

“Alysia, what in hell are you doing phoning me here at this hour?  It’s six o’clock and I haven’t even had my breakfast yet.”

“No, and your little friend Ashley hasn’t arrived yet either.  Why would you do a thing like that?  I know you must be aware of how it looks, so why her and why now?”

It was very obvious that Alysia was not happy in the least.  But, this is wonderful for me, she thought.  The more he draws attention to himself and the more damaging that attention is, the easier it will make it for me to wring this resignation out of him and the sooner it happens the better I’ll like it.  Alysia was very practical and since she knew that the resignation would go easier on both of them, she had made her decision and was ready to push for this, most desirable outcome.

“Come on Alysia.  I’m only human.  I have no wife.  Surely people will understand that I need some support.  After all, you could have come, and you didn’t.  I thought right up until the plane left that you might be on it.  I thought you were, maybe, in the back of the plane when I sat down in my office so I didn’t even bother to go look.  The next thing I knew we were airborne and Secret Service informed me that you and Justin weren’t on board.  You sure set me adrift without a rudder, didn’t you?”  Aaron paused, but not long enough for Alysia to answer.  “What are you trying to do to me?”

“Don’t accuse me of anything.  Me, who has stood behind you and smoother over every mistake you’ve made for the last ten years.  I’ve never asked you to thank me, I’ve never expected it and you’ve never offered, and that’s all right by me.  But don’t you ever criticize me for doing anything to you.  This mess you’re in now, you brought on yourself and you know it, don’t you?”

“I don’t need this kind of crap from you,” Aaron said with indignant resonance in his voice.

“That isn’t why I called, anyway.  I don’t want to argue and fight with you because there’s too much at stake here to carry on like this.  I talked to Niles Cunningham, early this morning, and he says there’s another article about Nicole’s death slated to come out next week as a follow-up to Andrea Pinkerton’s article.”

“Another article?”  He shouted into the phone.  “Another article?  I was never informed about a first article.  What in hell is going on there?”

“I assumed you read the first one. It was all over the Internet and it alludes to a video taken at the time of her fall from the cliff.”

“There’s only one answer to this.  Get on the blower to the AG’s office and have her charged with something.  Anything.  I don’t really care, but we can stop her, if we do it now.”

“It’s too late, Aaron.  She’s hooked up with a reporter in England who’s syndicated with most of the newspapers there, and some others in Europe, as well.  He has collaborated with her and, if we go after her now, it will blow this thing wide open.”

Alysia’s comment was followed by dead silence. Doubt had crept through his subconscious and was chiding him in a voice that was unambiguous.  He had always had misgivings about what or how much Justin Bradly had seen that day.  There was nothing he could do to get rid of him without drawing attention to himself.  Had Justin seen something?  Did he have a video clip it on his cell phone?  Aaron’s head was spinning as his thoughts and doubts raced.  Why was everybody questioning him now?  What did Alysia know and who told her?  What was in this article that was awaiting publication?  Aaron, for once, was stymied.  After pausing, he then continued as though the miasma had just cleared from his brain.  First thing, he mustn’t alert Alysia any more than she already was.

“Look, I have to get ready to meet the Prime Minister for brunch and I’m not even fully dressed yet.  Can we go into the rest of this later because I have to be at the House of Commons in forty-five minutes?”

“Yes, Mr. President.  I understand completely.  You go and take care of your duties and I will do the same, here in the White House.”

After hanging up, Aaron just sat for a few seconds beside it as though he expecting it to ring again.  At that moment a special assigned agent appeared in the doorway of the room.

“Are you ready to leave for brunch at the House of Parliament?”  He was asking.  It seemed to Aaron as though the sound was hollow, like it was coming from somewhere else.  He knew he had to pull himself together quickly.  He had to be at that meeting, but more importantly, he had to be there in better shape than he was in now.  Otherwise, this trip, to achieve a lower profile, would all be for nothing.

The Parliament is a beautiful old building, reminiscent of an ancient British castle, stately and elegant, a statement of history.  As he exited the limo, he expected to see crowds of people ogling the arriving dignitaries.  Instead, the only greeters were the groundskeepers and security personnel together with his own, responsible for his safety at the appointed time for his brunch with the Prime Minister.  This was a distinct disappointment to Aaron, because his importance seemed significantly dimmed on this side of the border.

Upon reaching the parliamentary dining room, Aaron found it set for a small party of dignitaries.  The rest of the great hall was empty with the exception of waiters moving about, dressed in traditional formal attire.  The Prime Minister was seated at the head of the table, beautifully set for the Prime Minister’s Cabinet members, wives, and two other men, unknown to Aaron.  It was apparent that no one had gone beyond their first cup of coffee and the idea of hot coffee appealed more to him than the forced socialization he would be forced to endure for the rest of the day.  The Prime Minister stood up as soon as he noticed Aaron standing with his security man and the parliamentary sergeant-a-arms.  The head of state, rose from his chair, left his place at the table and approached Aaron with an outstretched hand.

“So glad that you could come, mon ami.”  

“This is truly a beautiful place and I am honored to be your guest.”

“Come, sit down and have some coffee,” he continued.  “I’m sure you must be ready for a cup by this hour.”

“As a matter of fact, yes, I am.  And who is this lovely lady?  Don’t tell me.”  Aaron smiled in an effort to join in with the camaraderie Jacques Fortier was expertly developing.

“How rude of me.  Please let me present to you my wife. Suzanne?”  Suzanne glanced up, smiled and nodded as Jacques continued on politely. To Aaron, “Please, take a chair.”

Aaron sat down, gladly, and the hovering waiter poured his coffee. He sat mute for, what seemed to him, minutes.  He was accustomed to having Nicole there to break the ice with her conversation.  He had grown used to her setting these situations into motion and had become dependent on her.  She was like the Teleprompter, that held the words, even when there weren’t any others forming.

“The weather is beautiful today.  A little cold of course, which goes without saying, but the ceremony should go flawlessly.”

Again, there was an awkward silence while Aaron searched for more words and his napkin, which had slid off his lap onto the carpet.  As he reached down under the table to attempt to retrieve it, another was placed by his hand and a tall and practiced waiter gestured toward it to save Aaron from his awkward grope under his chair.

“This ceremony is extremely important to this country.  I feel it is an honor and privilege to preside over it. In addition to myself, members of the armed forces and various ethnic groups of the country place wreaths at the obelisk, which brings the country together and gives all Canadians a sense of duty, purpose, and multicultural unity.  We call ours a ‘cultural mosaic’.”

“But the war and soldiers you’re honoring weren’t even yours to begin with.  How do you feel about that?  You don’t even have a real military presence any more.  Am I right about that?”

“Ah, yes.  In some ways you are right.  But in others, not so right.”  Jacques smiled broadly.

“Explain.”

“Well, it’s very simple, really.  For very many years we were a British colony and are now a constitutional monarchy.  We are still very closely tied politically to our mother country, Great Britain.”

“But aren’t those kinds of things very old fashioned?  We’re in a new era of computers and mass information.  Don’t we have to keep up with the times?  Leave these things behind and begin a new world?  A world of regulated co-operation that supports all levels of human rights and world trade?”

“Yes, in some sense, I believe that to be true.  But there is another truth that no man can ignore in all of this.”

“And what is that?” Aaron asked expecting the usual dogma.

“Well, here is the way I see it.  People like you and me know we will be remembered.  Just because of the office that we hold.  Usually though, there is another reason.  In the case of our Remembrance Day, it is the personal sacrifice made by brave men that we remember.”

Aaron said nothing but sat thinking, rapidly, hoping to be inspired with some memorable Churchill-like rejoinder.

“So, what you’re saying is that to a head of state, those in our position, the most important aspect of our term in office is not so much what we have done, but how we are remembered by future generations. A legacy of sorts?”

“Yes, my friend.  That is exactly what I mean. You are very insightful.”

“No, not really.  I do know the truth when I hear it, though.”

Jacques and Aaron had come to a common agreement making it easier for Aaron to carry on with his time away, and allow Alysia to work whatever magic she was capable of in his absence.  He felt much more at ease and was ready to accompany the Prime Minister in the ceremony, albeit without harm or risk since that war was long over.  The battle Aaron had ahead was just beginning
















CHAPTER 50


Mathew Perry’s office seemed to just go on as usual, but as tension mounted people seemed to drift in from all sectors.  Rumor after rumor ran through both houses of government and finally back through to the press, creating a steady stream of bodies, coming and going from the office of the Speaker of the House.  Finally Mathew called a halt to it all by informing his secretary, Heather, that the only people he would see were Justin Bradley and Niles Cunningham, who were both overdue for a strategy session, as it was.  With President Aaron Keeling out of the country, they had agreed that a meeting in Mathew’s office would be both prudent and timely.  

Mathew was seated behind his desk when Heather announced that both of his expected guests had arrived and she was asked to show them in, without delay.  Both appeared to be in better spirits than they were at the last meeting, although they were worn down from the ongoing struggle that had continued over the last twelve days.  Aaron had completed his obligatories in Ottawa and was now on Air Force One, headed for Vancouver.  Once there, he would have an opportunity to digest the news he had received from Alysia and make plans to lead the United States as its new and returning, president.

“Niles, Justin, glad you got my message.  I’m surprised you got here this quickly.”  Mathew began, and then hesitated.  “Everywhere you go on Capital Hill, people are talking, gossiping and speculating.  That article of Andrea’s sure got this thing going and I just hope she’s all right.”

“She’s fine, and she’s behind us one hundred percent.” 

Justin felt surer now, that what she had done was correct, more than anyone else in the room.  Niles had his doubts because, if Aaron decided to come home and continue the fight to retain the office of President, he knew Andrea’s life would be a living hell.  Aaron would not only use any device he could to protect himself, but he was known to be vindictive and was not afraid to do anything he could to devour his adversaries.

“Have you talked to Alysia today, Niles?”

“Yes, as a matter of fact, I have.”

“And, what is the status now?”

“Well, we’re dealing from a position of strength, due to Andrea’s article, as you mentioned, but since you and I last talked, Andrea has picked up a connection with a foreign correspondent and the two now have an alliance with one another.”

“Just what does that imply?”  Justin asked.

“Put simply, it means that if Aaron tries to do anything to stop Andrea from publishing her article it won’t make any difference because this man will publish the article in the European press and it will then be picked up by our own media, anyway.”

Mathew smiled.  “That could be even more damaging than Andrea publishing this in America by herself.”

“Exactly.  If these facts filtered through Europe and then were released, second-hand, in America, they would not only be more believable but also would make Aaron, and this country, look like they were concealing something…”

Justin interrupted.  “Which is exactly what Aaron is trying to do.”  

“Brilliant!”  Mathew was ecstatic and at the same time revealed that the whole matter had worked out, clearly in their favor.

Justin said, “We’ve got him now, haven’t we?” 

“Don’t get too smug just yet, Justin.  We still have Alysia Weir to deal with and I don’t trust that woman, but I did let it slip to her about the video.” Niles went very serious now and not as exuberant as he had just been.

“Let’s just take it slowly here, gentlemen.  One thing at a time will get us where we need to be when we need to be there.”  

The video didn’t worry Mathew any more. This statement by Mathew put both men at ease, since it made it evident that Mathew had a plan that just might take care of the whole morass.  Mathew just wanted Aaron replaced and knew that if he had the opportunity he would be able to clean up most of the mess that Aaron had made of the country, and its legal system, over the past ten years.  That would be some feat, in itself, and would take much hard work, but the fact was that it was doable and Mathew was the man who could and would do it.















                                                                         CHAPTER 51



With the grueling ritual of the tedious Remembrance Day ceremony behind him Aaron stretched out on the sofa adjoining his office on Air Force One, sipping his martini in an attempt to untie the knot in his stomach enjoying the liquid anesthetic just mixed for him by the steward.  He would be in Vancouver, British Columbia in less than four hours and the demands of meeting with foreign dignities would be over. As they started their approach to Vancouver International, Aaron studied the city center and was struck by its resemblance to Hong Kong.  He had never been to Vancouver and thought it looked exciting and ultra modern.  Much too modern to be in a country like Canada, which he considered a much less developed place than the USA.

Upon landing, his special stretch limousine was already there and, as he deplaned, he could tell the Service men were staying a little closer to him than normal.  

“What’s going on here?  Is this place dangerous, is that why you’re crowding me?”

“No, not really,” one Secret Service agent answered.

“What’s the problem then?”

“Sorry, Mr. President.  I thought you knew.”

“Knew what?”  Aaron was getting shaky again.  His sense of well-being was being replaced by a strange foreboding which struck him with a jolt.

“There’s been a lot of talk and speculation in the media about Mrs. Keeling, why and how she died.”

“Oh, there has, has there?”

“Yes, sir.”

“Get me straight to the hotel.  I need to get out of these clothes and have a shower.  I want an opportunity to make some calls and relax for a few hours tonight.  Tomorrow is going to be another difficult day.”

“Certainly, Mr. President.  We’re on our way there directly and the place we’re staying is the safest building in Vancouver.”

“Good.”

Driving in, the city looked more and more like a large Asian metropolis.  There were buildings - apparently condominiums - block after block of them, almost all taller than thirty floors, with their windows lighted.  Aaron was impressed and some of his misgivings began to fade.  As they pulled up into the back of the hotel, which was on a very busy street, there was no media or onlookers, any more than there had been in Ottawa.  Where did these people come from?  It was very strange.  He had remembered hearing from some of his celebrity friends in the movie industry that they liked to vacation there because the public, including the media, left them alone.

They were to drive into the underground parking after city police cars had cordoned off the street and other officers directed them forward.  They were escorted from the limo and into a waiting elevator whose doors closed as the elevator accelerated smoothly upward to the penthouse.

“How many floors in this place?”  Aaron asked, as they sped upward through the shaft.

“It’s the tallest building in town, sir.  It has 65 floors.”

“That’s pretty good for a city like this.  We have the penthouse, do we?”

“Yes, Mr. President, we do.  Completely shut off from all foot traffic and every other part of the building.  Every floor locks off from the others and that is what makes this tower as safe as it is.”

“No one can bother us or disturb us then, is that right?”

“Yes, Mr. President, that’s the way it is.

As they reached the sixty-fifth floor the elevator eased silently to a stop and opened into a hallway, opposite a heavy, double sized door that faced them directly.  Once the door was open, there before them was a ten thousand square foot, high ceiled, suite that stretched expansively toward a view of the ocean and city encircled by stunningly majestic mountains.  During the ride into town, the setting sun had caused a myriad of spectral reflections. Those rainbow colors were here visible in this great room, which was furnished in Minimalist style with Asian artifacts and artwork.  Very tasteful and quite impressive, even to Aaron.

The Secret Service brought in his luggage and set up his laptop at the desk in the main sitting room.  The condo was built with an open floor plan and an ornate mirrored bar dominated the wall of the dining area.  

“If you can, fix me a drink. Even better, I’ll have a glass of cold champagne; I’ll shower now and change. Then I’d like to relax and read my e-mail.”

“I’ll have it all here ready and waiting for you when you finish, Mr. President.”

“Beautiful view, isn’t it?”

“Yes, sir.  I am impressed.”

“So am I,” Aaron commented as he walked down the corridor to the bedroom area.   Twenty minutes later, he reappeared, dressed for dinner with a smile on his face and a glass of champagne in his hand.  He sat down at his computer and opened his e-mail. The first mail was from Alysia.  His stomach turned and his hand started to tremble slightly when he opened it.  The subject line said plainly, “Read this” and below that was a link to a British newspaper. 

The Service agent had let his guard down.  They were safely ensconced in the ten thousand square foot condominium.  The lights were beautiful.  The weather was pleasant. The 
Service agent was absorbed in considering some of the suggestions Justin had made to him before they had left the United States and was otherwise engrossed in a sportscast on ESPN.  

Aaron finished his reading and had finished his glass of champagne.  One thing troubled Aaron and that was that the article in the newspaper forwarded to him by Alysia mentioned the possible existence of a video taken at the time of Nicole’s fall, which had not, as yet, been seen by the media. 

Aaron pushed his chair back along the hardwood floor and stood up.  He opened the sliding glass doors that led to the Tower Penthouse patio and stepped out to walk around the sweeping patio deck.  He looked at the lights that sparkled near, far and everywhere in between through the dark November sky.  Finding a small protective gate at the perimeter, he opened it and turned around to walk back. He then turned around again, looked up at the stars and began his leisurely walk off the penthouse deck.

Now he would always be remembered.  The president, consumed by grief over his wife’s tragic death, fell himself, to his death. Precipitated, perhaps, by the heartbreak of losing his wife, accidentally, in a similar fatal fall.

The first American president to be married to an American president.  The first two American presidents to die on foreign soil.  President Aaron Keeling and President Nicole Keeling were gone, but not likely to be forgotten.  

Another page of American history had been written.  For good.












