

REPLACE
HEIDY HARDAKER


© Heidy Rose Hardaker 2020

Cover Design, Photos, & Creation © Heidy Rose Hardaker 2020
The right of Heidy Rose Hardaker to be identified as the Author of the work has been asserted by her in accordance with the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988.

This book is the work of fiction. Any resemblance to actual events, locales, or persons, living or dead, is coincidental. All rights reserved. This book or any portion thereof may not be reproduced or used in any manner whatsoever except for the use of brief quotations in a book review or with permission from the author.



0
6428



‘Over the decades we’ve had many different faces. Today I propose another,’ Raven smirked into the darkness. Her voice echoed around the expansive space. The only object in the room was a rectangle table and chairs of varying sizes. She could see that the most important members had the largest chairs and were as far away from her as humanly possible. Her eyesight was impeccable especially her night vision. As a child, she had spent most of her life in a dark pit.
The corset dug into her skin. It was becoming more and more difficult to breathe. The elaborate dress was a waste of time. In retrospect the colour should have been neon. Her crimson hair was also chosen as a distraction but no one could see her. The uncomfortable contact lenses were an unnatural mix of haunting colours that their weak eyes could not see. Her platform heels dug into the wooden boards. She cursed them. So far none of her tricks had worked on them.
‘There’s a complex set of tunnels that Erase employee’s collect their victims from after a few days of suffering of course. Why? There is no need for such gratuitous violence.’ A trickle of adrenaline made her hand tremble. The entire alliance was captive to her every word.
‘If you are too strong physically and mentally Erase won’t work.’ Mr. Preston grumbled. ‘So what? Everyone who’s anyone knows that.’
‘We designed it to torture, rats in a maze. Complicated,’ she tore the lenses out of her eyes. ‘Unnecessary. There is an easier way.’
‘Doesn’t make it better,’ he sniffled.
She cursed him in her head. He was making her job so difficult.
‘I happen to like watching them suffer. It’s a hobby of mine to make the tunnels as deadly as they are complicated and I’ve had no complaints thus far. From Erase or from my victims.’
‘Why am I not surprised,’ she mumbled. ‘We need to be smarter, we do not want to lose so many resources on a daily basis. Efficiency is key.’
The plan was simple but effective. It destroyed her enemies and helped her allies but that would not be a selling point for them. They were her enemies. The deception made her quiver with excitement.
Delaney was grinning ear to ear. It was the last piece to their puzzle. He had successfully infiltrated Cooper’s inner circle and now it was time for her to prove herself to him. His muscles flexed as he hovered around the exit. At any moment they could be found out and killed. It was more important that he escaped so he could carry out their plan. She was prepared to sacrifice herself as long as their objective was reached.
‘Who’s we?’ Mr. Preston asked. His voice came from the bottom of the table right near the exit. It was disorientating for her to have his voice sniping at her from the side. He had chosen his position based on where he felt the most comfortable. Apparently in her presence, he preferred to sit right by the exit.
‘The s,’ she stuttered and spluttered. The unexpected interruption broke her train of thought.
‘Don’t waste our time,’ he sprung out of his chair.
‘Sit,’ Delaney tensed up, he was either ready to attack or flee.
‘If one of us succeeds we all do. We all want the same thing.’ The laces were cutting into her skin. Her fingers crept to the back of her corset. As she slowly unloosened it, it pinched her fingers.
‘Really? Do tell,’ Mr. Preston stormed back to his massive chair and flopped back into it.
She almost made an audible gasp. ‘It’s time to step up our game while the momentum is still with us. Lipowski is—’
‘Focus on yourself.’
‘Are you the only person that is allowed to speak Mr. Preston? Surely you don’t speak for everyone. Otherwise why are they still sitting silently listening to me?’ Her nostrils flared as she inhaled. She dropped the constricting corset onto the ground.
‘How arrogant are you? Silent yes, captivated by or better yet captive to your every word, no. I think what you are trying to say is that we are desperate for your help? But really,’ the shrill voice was irritating on a good day but the mocking tone made it insufferable. ‘We are just trying to figure out why it is taking you so long to get to the point.’
‘No, but defiantly desperate for ideas. The same old tired games are no longer working. I’m right, aren’t I? There must be a reason,’ Raven swallowed the lump in her throat and clasped her trembling hands together. ‘Why you haven’t left yet? P—’
The group started to murmur, she had lost their full attention and was about to lose them to the exit. At any moment she could bathe them in light and show their faces for the world to see. It was a dangerous game but one she had to play to cement her position and gain the power she craved. The target she had painted on her back was making her heart palpitate as sweat dripped down her forehead. If it did not go well then she would incur their wrath for the rest of her life.
‘Stoking the fires of hatred, poisoning our prey, stealing their wealth and knowledge, tearing them away from their family, brainwashing their minds, demoralising their hearts,’ the man’s voice was gruff; his mocking tone caught her off guard. ‘Starving their souls. Confusing them to the point where they even doubt which way is up and which way is down. And yet still they outnumber us. What could you possibly say that would tip the scales. Right now they’re seconds away from turning on us and undoing all that hard work.’
It took her a while to place the voice. She was not use to Barker speaking down to her.
‘Exactly.’ Her heart was in her mouth. It was beating so loud that she was having trouble hearing herself speak. The lack of feedback made her pause. She felt so vulnerable without it.
‘You are wasting our time,’ Mr. Preston snapped.
‘Why do you hide in the shadows like a condescending coward? Come out and face me or shut up. I’m sick of your yapping,’ Raven took a deep breath and tried to continue her pitch before she lost control and went for the stranger. ‘I—’
‘Anonymity is power my dear, if you don’t know that then why are we listening to you?’ Barker sounded like his nose was stuck in the air as he talked down to her. It was damaging her self-confidence.
She almost missed her cue to speak. ‘That’s exactly what I propose, we steal them. We erase them and replace them with us.’
‘How?’
The entire group started to shuffle in their seats. A harsh creaking noise echoed around the large room. She removed her wig and let it dangle in her fingertips. Everything was slowly falling apart and not even her disguise could prevent her from falling apart with it. The wig slipped through her hands. She left her heels standing beside it as she moved away. Her tights slid over the uncomfortable floor. Splinters dug into her toes and made her squirm.
‘So you are more valuable as an ally than an enemy?’ A woman interrogated her. ‘Elizabeth, Ray Alexander and Sam Enfield started this path to destruction. How can only you continue it?’
Raven placed the device on the table and laughed. ‘This is my masterpiece, years worth of work, condensed into a poisonous concoction of brilliance.’
‘Stop wasting our time, your achievements have been sporadic at best. We do not want to listen to you sweet talking yourself. So just spit out your ridiculous idea so we can reject it and leave already. Unlike your time, our time is very valuable.’ Mr. Preston snapped. ‘Especially mine.’
‘Charming,’ someone muttered.
‘Plant these devices around your target. They will whisper in their ear until they willingly, that’s right willingly, jump into Erase. Once there, we will strip away every single part of who they are, eradicate their personality and replace it with ours.’ Her voice started to increase in speed and volume as the excitement animated her entire body. ‘Our bloodthirsty callousness will consume the empty space until they become a reflection of us.’
‘Do you have proof of concept?’ Barker’s voice was shaking with anger. She tried to push aside the doubt that was creeping in. Either something was wrong or he was a really good actor.
She exhaled. ‘Alexander Enfield.’
‘Boisterous and tenacious little brat.’ Mr. Preston snorted. ‘Who cares about him anyway?’
‘Not a compelling tool. Unfortunately nothing like his grandfather, thankfully nothing like his father.’ They spoke together. Their scornful voices grated on her last nerve.
‘The power I hold,’ she tore through the elaborate dress until the seams were shredded; the dress thudded onto the wooden floor as she threw it with all of her might. ‘I will make him destroy Aves Atrium.’
‘Why would you destroy an ally?’ The shrill voice hurt Raven’s ears.
‘Because she is your enemy.’ Raven spoke under her breath, ‘You stupid moron!’
‘Hey you are not allowed to insult the people in power,’ Mr. Preston grunted.
‘She is plotting your demise. I was suppose to destroy Erase instead I will save it until it rises above,’ Raven raised her hands and clicked her fingers. ‘Your rival. The proof of the pudding is in the eating.’
A soft glow emitted from the walls as the evidence of her many misdeeds filled the space. The faceless strangers were so enamoured with her work that they forgot to hide their faces. As her eyes adjusted to the light, they flickered over them: brown hair, greasy beards, jowls, and wrinkles. They were all so average and dull. One looked like their face had been filled with water until it was almost ready to burst.
She suppressed her laughter.
‘Riveting stuff I know,’ Delaney taunted.
‘Time for a snack,’ Raven poked her tongue into her cheek as she turned the device on. A strong smell overwhelmed her senses and made her feel ill. The voices were swarming all around them but she was used to their screams. She knew them all by name but they were instantly consumed by it. Their faces started to violently contort.
Her loudest critic was the first to go, he convulsed and smashed into the marble floor.
‘Save us,’ Mr. Preston pleaded as he tumbled out of his chair.
‘You people are leeches, sucking the life out of others. No wonder the idea for Erase came to you so easily.’ Her eyes shone with malice as their misery filled her vision. ‘It’s what you do.’
‘No you need us,’ they groaned. Their sprawling bodies littered the table and floor.
‘Why would I give you my work? When destruction is a simpler solution. What you fail to grasp is there are plenty of ways to kill someone without even touching them.’ She knew what their pain felt like, it was like a hundred maggots crawling and gnawing on their brain. A tingling feeling that electrified their veins and made them twitch with pleasure and pain.
‘Stop,’ one of them gasped. ‘Where did reality go, no more fitful sleep.’
‘What’s the problem? Don’t you recognise your kin when you hear them.’ She spread her arms out to them as if she wanted to embrace them all. ‘They are calling you home.’
Mr. Preston stumbled towards the exit, his greasy hair bounced around as he made it outside the device’s range.
‘Lipowski sends her regards.’ She strutted towards the prone man and towered over him. ‘Flutter echo, can you hear it?’
‘You are still a puppet,’ blood dripped out of his mouth.
‘The best thing about working for someone is that they take all the blame.’ She waved at the chaos that was surrounding them.
Out of the corner of her eye, she could see more and more of them dropping to the floor. They convulsed briefly before everything was still once more.
‘And all the credit,’ he sneered. ‘What you want is so elusive.’
‘Who cares about that?’ She was dismissive. ‘They will be baying for her blood before mine.’
‘You harassed us for craving anonymity then you hide behind Lipowski?’ He taunted. ‘How pathetic are you? This won’t change anything, you are still less than nothing.’
‘It’s just a personal preference, I like to see and know my enemies. Don’t take it personally.’
His snide laugh exposed his blood-soaked teeth.
She could feel her temperature rising, for some reason she just wanted him to suffer. His words were nothing new. She had heard the same ones throughout her life. It did not bother her. There was something about his smug face that made her loathe the ground he walked on.
‘Just kill me. Being a coward is detrimental to your health.’ The words did not match his actions as he started to crawl away from them. ‘You know Lipowski precipitates every move you make.’
Raven gritted her teeth so hard that her jaw displaced.
‘Can you make a decision without her?’ His brazen and contentious attitude was making her blood boil.
‘For someone in such a precarious position, you are too mouthy.’ She traced her finger around her lips.
‘I’m going to relish your destruction,’ his acerbic words were a blatant threat to their emerging power. ‘A tweak here, a spanner in the works there and everything falls down.’
She glanced over at her allies. At any moment their fractious relationship could come to an end. The alliance was already tentative and unbalanced. She could not afford to show any weakness. His disrespect could unravel ten years worth of work.
‘Avoidance and deception, that is why the traitors are still alive and how you got to us,’ his strident voice was irritating while his haughty eyes were staring through her.
Her allies shuffled uncomfortably. They stayed at the end of the table, parallel to them but separate from the mess and the drama. At any moment they could change their minds and devise a plan against her.
‘They died,’ he pointed to the dead bodies of his fallen comrades. ‘For your stupid plan. What an insult, to them, to me.’
‘And they,’ she waved her hand in Barker’s direction, ‘were just showing hysteria to make you feel better. They didn’t mean it. You know they were out of range just like you are now. Did you figure it out?’
‘Those who yell the loudest,’ Mr. Preston’s voice quavered with rage and frustration. ‘Have the most to hide.’
‘Abrasive and divisive, is there anyway to stop your incessant yapping? The way you exploit a situation transcends reality.’ It was a surprise to hear Elizabeth speak let alone voice such a strong opinion; she was normally so impartial. ‘You are the epitome of a thorn in our sides. Why should we trust you? You have no loyalty to us, you’ve systematically ruined everything you’ve touched. Betrayal is your middle name.’
‘Thanks Elizabeth. Both of your faces are so vivid and surreal as the years catch up on you all.’ He scoffed. ‘Good luck with this precocious brat, she can’t be muzzled.’
‘Don’t denigrate my allies,’ Raven’s sweet and soft-spoken voice hid her malice. ‘You are so contrived.’
‘Dependency on their narrative of repetitive coercion will only make you weak, disconnected. Then they’ll mock you for it,’ he snorted. ‘All the power they wield over you will never be yours. This pretence, they expose it and hide it because either way they have control. But this way you know it too. It happens in increments as it reverberates through your life. Think back to me. Thank me for the warning and the torture.’
‘The assiduity with which you tackle tasks is alluring,’ she mumbled. The tension in the room was palpable. She could taste the stench of death as it permeated her lungs.
Mr. Preston resumed his crawl towards the exit. No one else moved. Her face turned red as she realised they were all glaring at her. They were all waiting for her to make a decision. Her hand trembled. Everyone had stepped on and dismissed her throughout her life but this was the first time she could do something about it. Her mind was racing with possibilities. The pressure she was under was mounting. Everyone wanted to leave but no one could until she made up her mind.
She pursed her lips so hard that her tooth pierced through her lip. Blood oozed out. It tickled as it trickled down her chin. She did nothing to stop it, she had already stripped herself bare. There was nothing more she could hide behind. Even the darkness had receded by her own hand. The situation was entirely of her making, it was her fault, her burden.
Mr. Preston was almost to the door. His fingernails clawed at the polished floor as he flopped around. Every surface they touched had to be perfect while she was stuck standing on a creaking wooden floor.
‘If you’d be so kind Delaney.’ She nodded towards the door. Her tights started to slide as she made the transition onto the polished floor.
Delaney stepped in front of the exit.
‘No one leaves until you apologise.’
‘To who?’ Mr. Preston spluttered as he tried to chuckle. ‘Huh? To a bunch of spurious deviants?’
‘Everyone.’
‘I’m so sorry. Is that sufficient, insufficient? Like I care either way,’ he emanated a deep rage. ‘I’m not going to be subdued by your stupidity. Now kill me or let me change.’
Delaney glanced at her. ‘In to what, a competent man? A mundane soulless drab brat?’
‘Vivid characterisation.’ Her curt nod was directed at Delaney. ‘Not all changes are for the better.’
The knife glinted in the low light as the blood splattered on the table and the wall.
‘What the hell was that?’ She was incredulous. ‘You need to work on your non-verbal communication. Would anyone else have done that? Huh? Oh silent treatment, real mature.’
‘If you would give us a second,’ the shrill voice snapped. ‘Then maybe we would answer you. In his defence you really didn’t specify. Anyway do that outside or you will stain the fluffy rug under our pristine marble table. Get your feet off the polished marble.’
‘Look around you Hale, we are way past cleanliness at this late stage. Sorry,’ he cradled Raven’s chin and brushed his finger against her eyelashes. His thumb gently stroked the blood away from her lip. The soothing gesture did nothing to quell her anger. They were both dressed for a fight.
‘Look around you Duh, he’s escaping,’ Hale snorted. ‘Next time you might want to disable or kill your enemy before you start your flirty little chitchat.’
‘Duh’s not my name.’ His inscrutable countenance was unnerving. Raven grabbed his arm and dragged him away before he did something that broke their tentative alliance.
Mr. Preston’s pitiful form was worming its way to the tunnels. Even though he was shrieking, no one came to help. All the houses looked the same. She smiled. Their owners were probably cowering in a corner.
‘We may not come back out alive but I can promise you this, someone is going to get f—’ It felt like she was not really there as if there was something between her and reality.
‘You might get hurt,’ he cradled her chin.
‘—and I honestly don’t care who.’
His gaze was impenetrable.
‘Even if it’s me who gets hurt or killed, I don’t care. We will fight them every step of the way.’
‘They will probably win.’
‘So what?’ Her hair flew into her eyes as he dashed towards their enemy. ‘I’m not disappearing into the night with barely a whisper.’



1
6445



Flecks of ash as dark as Alexander’s black hair were twirling around him. He flinched as patches of his skin were stung by it. His eyes stung against the thick smoke as a dull thud started to attack his tired mind. The poison was seeping into every corner of his being. He spluttered. It felt like the ash was coating his throat. The heat was intense, like he had swallowed molten lava. His fingertips brushed over his singed clothing. It had melted into thick clumps. Rough blobs surrounded the perimeter of the holes. They were a testament to the intensity of the flames. He was so far away from it yet his body was riddled with damage from the untameable fire. A sharp pain made his eyes flutter.
There was something hovering over him. ‘Didn’t anyone ever tell you that destruction perpetuates?’ Perry’s breath made Alexander’s skin crawl. It felt like he was closer than he actually was. His frosted temples were warped as if his hair was on backwards. He was too slender and short for the structured suit. It hung off his body like a giant tent. The suit looked like it was made for someone of Alexander’s build.
‘I don’t understand what is happening right now.’ Alexander rubbed his eyes.
‘Are you feeling okay? You’ve had such a rough time lately. Wish there was something I could do for you.’ Perry placed his hand into his pocket and tried to pull something out but it was tangled in the extra material. It looked like the smoke was irritating his eyes. Small wiggly lines of tiny red coated his eyes like a spiderweb. It made his haunting eyes pop out even more.
‘Did you just save me?’
‘Yeah that was the antidote but no, no one can save you now.’ Perry finally freed his hand and threw another needle on the ground. ‘Save your girlfriend too, I’d hate for her to miss out on a slow and very painful death.’
Alexander scrambled to his feet before tumbling back onto the damp grass. His clothes were so paper thin that he felt every lump and stone that was hidden under the grass. The material reacted so badly to the environment and made him want to itch. He was basically wearing rags. After all the trauma and abuse they had experienced, he was surprised that the cheap fabric was holding up.
‘Looks like what you can’t see and don’t know about can hurt you,’ Perry threw some clothes at his feet. ‘But what your bloodshot and radiant azure, emerald and amber eyes don’t see isn’t worth knowing about. Doors don’t open by themselves.’
The description was weird but Alexander was distracted. His body was attacking itself. He coughed and spluttered. His trachea shuddered against the pressure, but the cough refused to subside. It felt like he was coughing up his lungs.
‘If you walk around in those clothes, you’ll make me look bad by association.’ Perry’s brooding eyes were piercing, he was an astute enemy. Suddenly he grabbed the flimsy material and pulled. The tearing sound seemed so far away. He placed some shorts over Alexander’s bruised ankles.
The material slid over his skin like silk. Alexander felt dizzy as he was picked up. A t-shirt was placed over his head. It felt lightweight and comfortable.
‘This isn’t the first time I’ve dressed you. You wouldn’t remember it, you never seem to see everything I do for you.’ Perry let go and picked up the old clothes. ‘Don’t worry you won’t need shoes or heavy clothing, not where you’re going.’
Alexander’s legs wobbled, his hands were trembling. He fell back down. Even the ground felt more comfortable through the new clothes.
‘Enjoy the ride because the journey is nothing special,’ Perry’s voice was getting further away. ‘Find the exit you know the code.’
‘Wait dad,’ Alexander tried to follow the voice but could not hold himself up. The t-shirt and shorts were dualistic patterns that made him dizzy and confused. It was something that he would never choose. Not only did it make him feel physically ill, it made him stick out like a sore thumb.
Even though he was gasping for breath, his fingers managed to stumble over the uneven ground.
As soon as he found the needle, he crawled towards Kershaw. The exertion and movement was making him feel dizzy and ill as the fatigue burrowed its way into his bones. His environment slurred and shifted around him.
An object was underneath him, it was warm and soft. He plunged the needle into it.
There was a groan.
Suddenly his vision returned just in time to see Kershaw jump to her feet. She was in a red tunic and tight black shorts, she also had no shoes on. The clothing was so expensive and odd. It was something that she would never normally wear.
‘Don’t swim with a spoon.’ She pointed at him and screamed. ‘Wear some cabbage on your hissing head.’
Out of the corner of his eye, he could see Perry scoop Raven up before they disappeared into the distance. His mind started to return to him. There was no time for them to enjoy the peace and quiet.
‘You are a fool,’ Lipowski’s eyes burrowed into his. The doctor’s contempt was leeching out of her pores and corrupting the ground she was standing on. Her stretched skin was punctured and singed but her clothes were pristine.
He had never seen Lipowski wear something so strange. The scarlet jeans were too tight and did nothing for her. While the turquoise tent, he assumed was a dress, made her look enormous and washed out. It did not seem to bother her at all. He wondered if she was even aware of any of it. She did not seem to care about anything that did not involve her schemes or her intelligence.
‘What’s with the clown get up?’ Kershaw snorted.
‘You look just as bad but not as bad as him,’ Lipowski pointed at him before glancing down at her outfit. ‘Oh.’
‘What’s going on?’
‘I don’t know and frankly speaking I don’t really care.’ Lipowski snapped. ‘My identity, why would you destroy it? Put yourself in danger like that and for what? Just to destroy me, is it only me that is hurting you? Look around you everyone is joining in on the torture yet I’m the only one you hurt, you fight with.’
‘Why did the atrium release poison when it was destroyed?’
Lipowski smirked as the blood dripped down her chin. ‘Revenge, whoever kills his creation will die too.’
Kershaw grabbed his arm and stumbled back. The tension in his shoulders abated as soon as she touched him. He let her pull him away from Lipowski.
‘The antidote,’ Lipowski’s voice was disturbingly deep. ‘Where did you get it?’
‘Light’s on but nobody’s home,’ Kershaw giggled as she wrapped her arms around him.
The chaos of their old life was offset by their bond. It felt nice to be with someone who made him feel safe. Normally he tried to flee from people but he wanted to stay with her forever.
‘So what’s new about that?’ Lipowski demanded, her face twitched before she turned away from them. ‘The antidote, where did you get it?’
‘Are you jealous?’ Kershaw’s eyes widened. ‘Sometimes I forget that you are human.’
‘Why are you so cold-hearted?’ Alexander added.
‘I need it?’
‘Why?’ Alexander bent down and traced his finger around one of his bruises. A purple and blue monster that enveloped his calf.
‘So I can stare at it, why else would I need it?’ Lipowski’s veins were popping out of her forehead, ‘Think about it!’
‘I answered my own question before I asked it,’ Kershaw giggled as she dangled off his shoulders. Their responses were the only ones that would make Lipowski angrier. Normally she was more even-tempered but now that her power was gone, everything provoked her.
Lipowski fell to her knees. He glanced at her, she did not seem to be in any physical distress and she was not sick.
‘Perry… Raven.’ Kershaw mumbled the names as she pulled him closer. He did not know if she felt sorry for Lipowski or was just bored.
‘Oh,’ she smirked. ‘Guess we’re all fools.’
‘Is that all you have to say?’ He was incredulous. ‘You have some nerve. This mess is your fault, again.’
‘What else should I say?’
Kershaw twirled her hair around her finger. ‘I don’t think anyone would mind at this stage if you just faked it. Sometimes you just want to hear the words and it doesn’t matter if they are true or not. We just need to hear them.’
‘I like what I see and hear. This all makes me feel so happy,’ the tears glistened on Lipowski’s cheeks. ‘Years worth of research. This is my legacy. Isn’t it beautiful? Everything is finally copacetic.’
They looked at each other and frowned. It was unchartered territory, they were both confused by her peculiar behaviour.
‘Can’t say I’m surprised or disappointed. But I am confused. So much time wasted stuck inside my own head,’ Lipowski collapsed at their feet.
‘Is she dead?’ Kershaw seemed hopeful. ‘Was this the way to kill her all along? Just give her what she wanted.’
‘Um,’ he nudged Lipowski’s shoulder with his foot. ‘That was easy.’



2
6428



Raven groaned. Mr. Preston had fallen into one of tunnels. The dark space had been her home for years. She swallowed back the lump in her throat and jumped. Goosebumps coated her arms. Her body remembered the space so well that she had a physical reaction to it.
‘Don’t go any further,’ Delaney muttered, his fear had delayed them.
The secret door was already open, without hesitating she dropped down into the maze. Her eyes had already adjusted to the dark but she took her time scanning the scene. It was strange that their target had left the secret entrance open, like he wanted to be followed.
Mr. Preston’s frightened eyes glinted off the fragmented light, his jerky movements made her nervous. She knew the path inside and out. A narrow maze of terror that she did not want to experience again.
‘You can run,’ she smirked. ‘But we will kill you eventually. Just come to us, we’ll make it quick.’
Delaney’s body knocked her into the wall. The soft thud was enough to make Mr. Preston dash towards the tunnel.
‘Go follow him, this is your fault!’ She rolled her eyes and smacked Delaney. His hair flew out as it took the brunt of the impact. Wordlessly he obeyed.
‘Stop, if you follow me we all die. We can all live if you go that way and I alone go this.’ Mr. Preston’s hard swallow made her suspicious, she had been around enough liars to recognize the symptoms. ‘I go alone this wah way.’
Delaney looked at her for the answer.
‘I’ve never been down that path before I don’t know if it’s safe. Is the right, right? Or wrong?’ She shrugged as she purposefully played with the words like she played with him but he held his nerve. ‘Just stick together, like ugly glue.’
‘You don’t like me, ditto,’ he countered. ‘So split like a banana, a spotty brown one. Are you two besotted with each other? Is that why you are standing so close? Or is it one-sided? His side perhaps?’
‘Why you little,’ Delaney stormed forward.
‘Stop, it’s a new trap they’re testing out. If you come any closer we all die.’ Mr. Preston’s legs were shaking so badly that it was starting to spread to his voice. The slight tremble made her body tingle.
She grabbed Delaney’s shoulders and pulled him back. ‘How do we know that you are telling the truth?’
‘Why would I lie?’
‘So we won’t follow you obviously.’
‘I could be through this maze by now but I purposefully waited, why?’
‘Because you knew you couldn’t outrun us.’
‘Partly true, probably wouldn’t have made it through before you followed and we would all be dead right now.’ He pressed his lips together. ‘Your new alliance, didn’t they warn you? They knew this is where I would go. I designed this place.’
‘Now why doesn’t that surprise me, dark, horrible, about your speed.’
‘Shh,’ she pressed a finger to Delaney’s lips. ‘If we let you go, give you about a ten minute head start, you’ll be gone. Or you’ll block the tunnel. Are you the antithesis of us because that’s what we would do?’
‘I won’t, please don’t follow me, I have nothing to lose but you do.’
‘Your life is nothing? Hmm,’ she chewed her lip, ‘are we suppose to believe that you care about us?’
‘No you do have something to lose,’ Delaney shook off her hands and charged forward. ‘The other side of your face.’
‘Talk this through,’ her words made them both pause.
‘We could stand here debating this all day, it won’t change the facts.’
‘Come with us back to the surface,’ she pleaded. Her concern for her own wellbeing was starting to cloud her judgement. She knew before the words came out of her mouth that they were wrong. But the desperation in her body could not be contained.
‘No this is my path,’ Mr. Preston vanished. ‘You choose yours.’
The soft words echoed around them.
‘Is it safe?’ Delaney grabbed her hands and squeezed them. His hands were trembling more than hers. She slid her hands away, they were coated in sweat. They both knew how much danger they were in.
‘The only way to tell is to follow,’ she took one last glance towards the light then she jogged towards the right. Her memories of the left path were still seared into her brain. It took her days to remove all the minuscule metal spikes from her skin.
All the tight corners were taking her breath away. She gasped. Her stomach groaned as she continued to race through the tunnel. The sickening blend of tight corners and narrow spaces made her head spin. Her shoulders were starting to rub against the walls. It felt like the space was closing in on her. Slobber slid down her chin as her breaths became more rapid and frenzied.
‘Calm down.’
‘Who?’ She tried to spin around but got stuck.
‘Shh, stay calm.’
The touch made her jump. She glanced down at her waist, delicate fingertips were pulling at her dress. They were tugging her backwards.
‘Their cameras cannot see us, they do not exist yet. It is okay.’ The woman’s gentle whispers were serene. ‘You are with me and we are calm. Calm and safe. We will be dancing around in a large space with the light trickling down into our eyeballs in no time at all. As we smile together. Safe and calm.’
Raven felt like she was being brainwashed but the tranquil voice was so hypnotizing she was unable to resist it. Their movements were rewarded as she turned to face her rescuer. Small face, sharp nose, fizzy hair, thin lips. Her shoulders slumped as she recognised her friend.
‘What are you doing here? They are experimenting with the traps, it isn’t safe. Come on,’ Novak dragged her to a dark corner. ‘Stop being so contentious, the intensity of your mistrust is chilling. Do you know what most people want in life?’
‘If more than one person entered the left tunnel then…’
‘What it all boils down to is,’ Novak grabbed her own chin and pulled it down. ‘Control. If someone loves you, you have power over them. They have too much power now they are just stealing people.’
‘More than one person,’ Raven squirmed. ‘Enters tunnel then…’
‘They would both die. Horrible death. I think it’s the worse one they’ve ever made. Why?’ Novak pressed her finger into the dark corner. A whooshing sound made Raven jump, light illuminated the dank tunnel.
‘Oh s—’
‘Who’s that?’ Delaney’s fists were raised.
‘Friend. Oh good,’ Raven was nonchalant. ‘You’re still alive. Guess he was telling the truth after all.’
Delaney raised an eyebrow as Novak dragged him into the tunnel. It zig zagged its way down. The walls were slimy and putrid, Raven’s nostrils flared against the disgusting intrusion.
‘What’s the rush?’ He muttered, he tripped over his feet as he tried to keep up with them.
‘You are not suppose to be down here, you need to leave as soon as possible. Go to Terger.’
‘Unremarkable.’ He muttered.
‘I have to work twice as hard as you do so shut it, sycophant.’ Novak had been overlooked and tossed aside all her life.
‘Watching you struggle is exhilarating.’ Raven liked being around Novak, it made her feel better about herself. Her talent for disguises and voices was unmatched by anyone. While Novak had no talent, just an unrelenting drive for perfection.
‘Just go to Terger.’
He protested. ‘But.’
‘No, but nothing. Don’t test the alliance anymore than it needs to be. Just go and create chaos wherever and whenever you can.’ The wall flashed as it read Novak’s fingerprint.
‘Well this is more comfy than last time.’ Raven smirked.
‘This isn’t the end,’ Delaney snapped. ‘Who is this person and why do you trust them? This isn’t right. We can only rely on each other, any outside interference will only complicate matters. Not to mention we are both unbalanced by this situation, she’s using it to her advantage. We know nothing about this place. And am I right in assuming that she works for Erase? How can you be so reckless? After all of this time, fighting, running, adapting. To make a stupid mistake like this.’
‘Oh?’ Novak growled as she exited the tunnel. ‘You don’t know me? Sounded like you knew something about something moments ago.’
‘I know a reject when I see one.’
‘Nasty, these tunnels don’t go to the end.’ Novak jumped back in as a flash of black sped past them.
Delaney sprinted out of the secret tunnels and dashed after Mr. Preston’s fleeting form.
‘Wait,’ her voice was so quiet.
Raven’s eyes widened. ‘What’s wrong?’
‘Oh dear.’ Novak’s fizzy hair fluttered around her face as their eyes met. ‘Don’t keeping going left.’
Novak’s fizzy hair was longer than usual. There was a vague recollection scratching at the back of Raven’s head. A throwaway comment she had made one day. Ever since then, she had not seen Novak with her usual short hair. Raven pressed a fingernail to her teeth and suppressed a smirk. It was a rush of power that she enjoyed.
‘I like your hair, would look better straight.’ She was excited by the thought that her words could influence Novak’s hairstyle; she shuffled into another tight space. ‘It’s such a beautiful red reminds me of blood.’
‘Oh you’ll be delighted with what I have in store then.’
This time they could see the path that Mr. Preston and now Delaney were taking. Raven placed a hand on the flimsy facade. They were so close that they could hear the men’s panting cries for vengeance and mercy.
‘I redesigned them. Thought it was too simplistic,’ her dull eyes flashed in the low light.
‘He doesn’t know?’ Raven queried the odd comment.
‘You know I always thought Mr. Preston never listened to a word I said. Guess I was right.’ She shrugged and pressed a button. ‘I don’t care if no one likes me, all I care about is that you are healthy in body and mind. For my sake as well as yours.’
‘I feel the same.’
‘That’s not what I said. Your interpretation is interesting. I wonder if we are compatible, do you ever wonder what if?’ Novak blocked the tunnel with her body. ‘We need to invest all of ourselves into this plan or none at all.’
‘You have my full attention. I promise,’ she swallowed back a glob of spit and glanced around Novak. ‘Everything I have, I will give. We need someone like you, I fear I can’t stay focused.’
Novak backed away. ‘Revolting I know but needs must.’
Sharp metal spikes were positioned along the wall in a random pattern. They looked useless. As Novak shuffled back, the true nature of the room became apparent. Raven’s eyes followed the contraptions as she realised what they were for, she screamed.
‘Yes I can see it in your eyes and hear it in your voice, you know.’
It was too late, the objects launched at their targets. As blood splattered against the panel of glass, she fell to her knees. The horror was itched into her mind and now it would remain there along with her failed plan. It made her whole body tremble.
Novak giggled in delight as she stuck out her tongue and licked the red stains. ‘You need a new friend like a hole in the head.’



3
6445



Kershaw’s lungs were burning. A vivid fog had descended over her mind and it would not leave. She had moments where she was lucid but they did not last very long. Simple sounds were baffling. Any movement made her mind spiral further into the fog. Every step threatened the stability of her quivering legs. She collapsed into the coarse bark of a nearby tree, part of it had been gorged out by a sharp blade. Her blonde hair nestled into the gap as her fingernails slid down the tree. The pain awaken her mind.
‘I’m older and injured yet you run from me, unsuccessfully I might add, how are you still alive?’ Lipowski’s brittle laugh echoed through Kershaw’s mind. ‘If I’m a physical threat to you, what are you good at? Mentally I’m better, emotionally more stable.’
The words were so far away. Somehow she had tumbled away from reality once again. A visual nightmare of scarlet and turquoise filled her vision.
‘Why aren’t you good at anything? Even breathing seems too difficult for you.’ The voice taunted. ‘Once they have control, there is no way to break it. They won’t go backwards. No matter what they promise.’
The words made Kershaw jittery. Her posture was in a downward slump.
‘They have so much control because you gave it to them. Don’t ask them to give that up. So unreasonable, why wouldn’t you want to be dominated? How can we appease them?’
She had no energy to speak let alone fight.
‘Attack and kill them all. Their ideas are dangerous because they always need a victim and if you don’t jump into that role, they will force you into it. Create a problem where one doesn’t exist. Are you wondering yet what you are suppose to be afraid of, or is it life itself?’
Kershaw tapped her head on the tree but the voice was still whispering in her ear. Now it was so close she could feel its breath on her skin. It made the hairs on the back of her neck stand up. Her neck was stiff. Lighting bolts of pain shot up towards her brain.
‘I’m the face, they pull the strings. A true puppeteer is not seen, if they want you to think the puppets move by themselves then even the strings aren’t visible.’ Lipowski emphasized her words as she poked her finger into Kershaw’s ribs, ‘How dare you step into either role! You are not allowed to be there!’
The tunic could not protect her against the sharp fingernails. They were like small knives piercing into her skin.
‘We’re not trying to be you. Your goal is our destruction, you pretend to do things for us but you feed off our weakness, our adoration until there’s nothing left.’ The words surprised Kershaw, she did not mean to say them. ‘All we want is freedom from your sick games.’
It was better to withhold information from Lipowski. Being blunt normally hurt the people around her but being honest around Lipowski was like signing her own death warrant.
‘Anything that is real is a threat to us because we are fake, we are a collection of all the good qualities that people crave and want to see. But behind it all,’ Lipowski smiled. ‘Is nothing. How long did it take you to see behind the illusion? Now you know they will kill you for it.’
Kershaw mumbled. ‘They can try but it won’t change anything.’
‘Line up the new recruits cause the old guard are wise to game. So depleted,’ Lipowski snickered. ‘I don’t care, I just want to hurt you.’
‘You already have.’
‘Shall I rip out your brain with your pretty blonde hair?’ Lipowski taunted as she grabbed Kershaw’s hair and pulled it back. ‘I’d be doing Alexander a favour at this stage.’
A hollowed-out alligator clip fell into Kershaw’s hands, its swirling green rhinestones sparkled in the sun. It was an odd colour choice for a bumblebee. She dropped her clip onto the ground and swashed it.
‘Flavourful.’ Kershaw pushed her fringe off her speckled skin. It was damp with sweat. She glanced at Lipowski’s hair. There was the familiar clip poking out of her thin grey hair. But the pattern was a haunting flower.
‘Interesting reaction but it should’ve worn off by now.’ Lipowski smirked. ‘Has it?’
Small waves flooded her vision as tiny speckles danced across her eyes. It felt like were feral, untameable. Almost like her vision was slowly starting to melt away.
‘Or did you never have it?’
Kershaw raised an eyebrow as she fought her way back to her body but her brain was still frozen.
‘Give up the act, I’m talking to you.’
She was still locked out. Even if she wanted to talk, she could not find her way back. She felt so weird and out of control. At any moment her body could act without her permission and maybe it would never stop. Somehow the thought excited her.
‘I need an ally.’
‘Why,’ she tapped her head and smiled, ‘are we all dressed up with nowhere to go?’
‘You already had the antidote because you released the poison; you are so ruthless,’ Lipowski’s eyes shifted frantically. ‘I’d love to work with you.’
Kershaw stared at Alexander. He purposefully hit the hedge before he crouched behind it.
‘Come on out Alexander,’ Lipowski sneered. ‘They wanted you to destroy the atrium, you know that right? Was that an oversight on your part? Surely you didn’t purposefully walk into their trap?’
Kershaw rolled her eyes. ‘If you can’t say anything nice about us then keep our names out of your mouth.’
‘Fine,’ Lipowski was losing her cool. ‘I’ll pretend I don’t know you are there. But deception will kill you eventually, just not all at once. Painful way to go.’
‘Deception is key when knowledge is power.’
Alexander looked at Kershaw and smiled. Their game was infuriating Lipowski.
‘If knowledge is power,’ Lipowski was grinding her teeth unable to fully control the strength of her jaw. ‘Then you won’t get a drop of it from me.’
‘I’ll tell you one thing for free. Clearly you are not coping, all you are left with is your primary functions and even they are on the fritz.’
‘Did you just call me mentally unstable?’ Lipowski frowned. ‘Okay let’s pretend for a second that you don’t know what that feels like. Suspend your disbelief for a moment as you run from reality. You are the one who can’t function without me pulling your strings.’
‘That’s exactly what I said last week,’ Kershaw winked. ‘About you.’
‘People who treat others like garbage for any reason are the actual garbage. Do you remember saying that?’ Lipowski raised her eyebrows and widened her eyes. ‘When they wouldn’t let you in, do you still want to come in?’
‘You are right about one thing,’ Kershaw smashed her palm into Lipowski’s face. ‘Actions do speak louder than words.’
‘Brat you don’t realise the mistake you just made but soon you’ll be drowning in it.’ She stormed towards the cliff face. There was no reason for her to continue to talk to them. They made sure they gave her no incentive to stay.
‘The stupid atrium is in the other direction,’ Kershaw’s voice was wobbling more than her legs.
‘How long does she need?’ Alexander appeared beside her and propped her up.
‘Mm,’ she found her mind as soon as he stood beside her. ‘Her egos already reinflated. It won’t be long until she’s a thorn in their side once more. Since when did you start wearing watches?’
‘Huh?’ He was dumbfounded. ‘I’m not.’
She unclasped the watch and dropped it to the ground. ‘A wasp? That’s so tacky. But it’s better than Lipowski’s corpse flower.’
‘What the?’ He clung onto his wrist. ‘I didn’t even feel that.’
She tapped her ear. They moved away from the devices.
‘All this ubiquitous subterfuge, are you worried about the ramifications?’ He bit down on his lips and chewed.
‘Their plan relies on all the different parts working in harmony. If we disrupt one part then it will all fall apart.’ She stared into the distance.
‘Then what? Can we really go back to normal, what is normal?’
‘Fraught with danger and intrigue.’ Her eyes refused to blink. ‘Whether you admit it or not. It’s a game we all secretly like to play.’
An insouciant shrug was his only response.
‘How close to Erase’s devices were you yesterday?’ She was perturbed by the reaction. ‘I was. You seem different too.’
‘Spurious claim like breathing in mud and drinking lead.’
‘Cogent argument.’
A smile flashed on his face before he whispered. ‘I was too close and I feel awful. That wasn’t an act, it was corrupted elements.’
‘Nasty rumour, totally unfounded.’ A strange man with a crooked mouth appeared before them. ‘Feeble minds.’
‘Who are you?’ Kershaw used a whiny voice. The squeaky and loud voice was so fake that it grated against their eardrums.
‘No need to be snarky narky,’ the spluttering voice was barely saying anything. His eyes glowed with malice while his clothes were a neon pink that looked like it would glow in the dark. It was the same style of clothes that Alexander was wearing. They were all missing their shoes.
‘Do you need something?’ She shuffled back.
‘Them and you morph into the people around you, not so mellow as you first can appear, you, when you are there with them you are them.’
‘Okay,’ Alexander shook his head and wandered away.
Kershaw followed. ‘Do you want to—’
‘Where will you go? Is there anywhere to go, go for a swim maybe?’
The constant interruptions and incessant babbling was irritating.
She looked over his shoulder and snapped at the stranger, ‘Are you nuts?’
‘Who are you anyway?’
‘No one but someone to somebody.’ His crooked mouth had wonky teeth. ‘Do you belong to Terger?’
Butterflies started to swarm into her stomach. Her instincts told her to flee from the strangers.
‘Do you?’
‘Vanish with me,’ he whispered. It made her cringe, he was even more creepy when he tried to be nice.
‘Excuse me?’ Alexander spun to face him.
Kershaw tried to suppress a shiver as chills shook her body.
‘My name is Jeff, they asked me to collect you.’
‘Collect?’ She studied him. His clothes were a size too small, his teeth were a size too big. He looked like he was trying to blend into the background. Every inch of him was covered in camouflage. It was difficult to tell what colour his eyes were, they seemed to be too dark. She pondered their predicament. His hair was completely covered. He did not have any distinguishing features. If they needed to identify him later then they would have trouble doing so. It was a habit she had grown accustomed to, at any moment they could be attacked. Attention to detail was the only way to ensure survival.
Jeff smiled. ‘Correct. You seem subdued.’
They looked at each other and shrugged.
‘Come.’
‘Where is it that you want to take us?’ Alexander tensed up.
‘I don’t want to take you anywhere. You must however come with me now no more talking, we must go now.’
‘What’s the rush?’ Kershaw squinted at the stranger but his face remained blank.
‘Flooding in the basement,’ Jeff casually rested his arm on Alexander’s shoulder.
They looked at each other and screwed up their faces. The words were not making any sense to either of them.
‘Why?’ She tried to make herself as small as possible.
‘You are very strange,’ Jeff grabbed Alexander’s arm and pulled.
‘Who sent you here? You don’t live here.’ He did not resist the movement. It took Jeff by surprise, he made the most of the stranger’s instability and smashed into him.
She flinched as Jeff’s head smashed into a tree. Even though he was their enemy she automatically went to check on him. When she realised what she was doing, she resisted the movement.
‘We need to leave,’ Alexander tapped her shoulder.
They left Jeff sprawled on the ground. She jumped. Her heart rate accelerated as Alexander cradled her trembling hand. The blood sent her backwards in time. She was not in control of her own memories any more. It triggered her so much that her legs buckled.
Her baggy tunic bunched up around her. He wrapped his arms around her. As they huddled together on the ground, she nestled her head in his shoulder and sobbed.
‘Snotty bubble,’ he pulled at her nose.
‘Yeah and you smell like roses.’ She giggled and lightly tapped his cheek. ‘I killed someone.’
He held her closer to his chest. ‘I know.’
‘It was rigged, I wasn’t sure what would happen but somehow I knew it would hurt him. Yet I still chose to press the button, for me, for you. Maybe because I didn’t like him. It all happened too fast. I made a decision that I never thought I would ever make. One that was a complete roll of the dice.’ She could feel his heart thumping in her ears. The rhythm lulled her into a peaceful sleep.
‘You did the right thing. The only decision at the time which made sense. Everyone was in danger with him around.’ His warm words were like a blanket. ‘You saved at least one person’s life.’
She snuggled in closer to him.
The ground started to rumble beneath them. At first it was a relaxing massage but with each passing moment it was becoming more and more violent.



4



Raven’s body was weak, her eyes refused to open. A concoction of dangerous inhibitors had drained the life out of her. The nerves in her body were screaming. Her eyes fluttered open to find a slender and wrinkled man hissing at her.
His foul odour awakened her mind and made her body throb. She was screaming out for him to help her. Yet every move he made exacerbated her pain. An uncomfortable heat spread through her body until she was unable to move or breathe. As if her cells were expanding and she could no longer stop it with her mind. She tried to reach down and squeeze herself like a sponge but it felt like it was starting to cling onto her. It was a horrifying feeling that was seeping into her heart.
‘Why are you punishing me with mass disguised as kindness?’ She mumbled; the words made no sense as they echoed through her ears and back into her mind. ‘My heart is aching.’
The environment was stark and fake, she was no longer in Terger. All the houses were the same, square boxes as far as the eye could see. There was an odd symmetry to the space. It was more unnerving than the lack of nature. She started to search for a tree, shrub, or even a weed. Spring was her favourite season but it was a foreign concept to the unfortunate souls who lived there. Even though the ground was green, the texture was wrong. She sighed. The grooves in the cliff face were all too familiar.
She cleared her throat, ‘Xaoh, did you drag me back to hell?’
‘Middle building is where you’ll find your boss,’ Barker gestured to the objects as he mentioned them. ‘Cliff accessible to Erase via plastic walkway, you must recognise it?’
‘Opportunistic tactician, only an idiot would forget somewhere so,’ she raised an eyebrow, ‘bland. Why are we here?’
‘Lipowski’s still alive. Everyone else is dead.’ Barker’s deadpan tone made her cringe as the words took on a more sinister meaning. ‘Be careful or you might become the target.’
‘I’m impervious to idiots. Don’t try to accentuate my weakness or I’ll destroy you without impunity.’ She forced herself forward and pushed him away with a fury that consumed her whole body. Her fatigue was pushed to one side as her body pulsated with rage.
‘What are you inferring?’ He stumbled back as his crinkled brow contorted into an expression that was so familiar his wrinkles remembered the malice. ‘Don’t you dare blame me for this.’
‘Braxton Barker,’ she hissed. ‘That name meant something, once.’
‘I’m the only one that will still work with you,’ he continued to shuffle away from her. ‘Be rational, think about this. You can’t undo some actions. They are permanent.’
‘Pervasive stupidity,’ her eyes bulged. ‘That’s kind of the point. Why would you kill and not want it to be permanent?’
‘No don’t look at me like that.’ His jowls wobbled as he furiously shook his head. ‘This is not my fault!’
‘Where’s Perry?’ She spat out the words before the pressure made her jaw snap.
‘Oh, the man who saved you? He left you this.’ Barker handed her the note. The words were so large she had read it before it touched her sensitive skin.
‘He is going to make me suffer, me? I doubt that,’ she crumpled the paper into her balled fist.
‘Don’t be so angry and dismissive towards me, he is a dissenting voice. The discord between us is all his doing.’ His panic made her heart flutter, she felt like they were building up to something that made her mouth salivate.
There was a wiggly little thought that kept trying to burrow its way towards her conscious mind. She stayed with the fuzzy feeling and tried to suppress the thought.
‘He’s not what he purports to be.’
‘Neither are you or me,’ she rubbed her chin. ‘Or anyone. How many lies do you think we tell, in a day? In a week? Are they all to spare someone’s feelings or are we just a bunch of f—’
‘Stop this,’ he snapped.
‘What an authoritative tone,’ she scoffed. ‘Didn’t know you had it in you.’
He covered his mouth.
‘Say it.’
‘Please.’
‘Don’t feel like you can’t tell me something. You know all my secrets, give me all of yours. I don’t hold back my tongue with you, so go, let loose.’
He pulled at his jowls.
‘You’ve been subtly undermining everything I do,’ she tapped her chin and grinned. ‘Just because I let you doesn’t mean you can continue to do so.’
‘Don’t let your insincerities dictate your actions, don’t let Perry trigger you so easily.’ His voice was warping with desperation. Drool slid down his chin. All of his pride disintegrated into the fake ground.
‘Why because for once the barrel is pointing at you?’
He hesitated. ‘This is superficial, it won’t last.’
‘I let it slide in the past because I needed your help not because I’m weak.’ Her froze smile was starting to melt.
His middle fingers were impatiently tapping his knee. ‘I knew that. Always respected and appreciated you, I swear.’
She tried to shake the thought away. At first her head moved slightly but the movement became more vigorous. Her head started throbbing. She was squeezing her eyes so tight it hurt. There were already divots in her face, the disguises and makeup had made her skin rough and wrinkled. She was not helping the situation as her face started to warp against the intensity of her negative emotions.
The harsh light was showing him for who he really was, every mark was amplified. His facial muscles were clenched so tight that she could trace them back to their source.
‘You are so insincere.’ Her breathing became heavy. ‘Give it to me.’
‘I’m repulsed and turned on by your power plays, my dear, but you are out of your league and have been for some time now.’ He rolled his eyes, an attack that was hampered by his sagging skin. ‘Your arrogance blinds you to the truth.’
‘Truth?’ She wiggled her head and finger at him. ‘A minute ago you were trembling down to your rickety knees, now you want to talk about the truth? Which is it, are you afraid or tricking me? Like you always do and have always done. And will continue to do if I don’t stop you.’
‘I’ve always helped you out.’
‘No don’t use absolutes. You weren’t there, where the hell were you?’
‘Contrary to my stunning looks, I’m almost ninety. I rushed over as quickly as I could.’ His jowls jiggled as his head shook.
‘So not only are you saying you can’t protect me anymore. You’re also telling me the device isn’t working?’
‘Correct.’
She screwed up her face as another wave of pain hit her. ‘You couldn’t disrupt their device? It was inhibiting my ability to function.’
‘Nothing last forever.’ His beady eyes penetrated her shield, for a moment she was vulnerable. ‘Not even our alliance.’
‘You are abandoning me?’ She squeaked.
‘Don’t say it like that.’
‘Like what?’
‘I’m not the one who, you started this. Do you know what I gave up for, for this ridiculous vendetta?’ His frustration was starting to boil over.
‘We killed so many people that day. Their fear was so intoxicating as your limp head hit the desk. I have never felt more alive as I watched the fear consume their last morsel of hope and hatred. Until all that was left was us. Our power. How can you abandoned what we had?’
‘That was the peak of everything we were and it was all downhill from there.’
‘For who?’ She was incredulous. ‘Who’s been whispering in your ear? Rewriting history.’
Barker’s hoarse laughter made his false teeth chatter. ‘Do you see what you are wearing?’
She glanced down at the dull dress. It was a peasant dress with an ugly clip. She ripped out the hair piece and smooshed it under her foot. It dug into her flesh but she ignored the pain. The yellow snake snapped in two. Part of it dug into the fake turf and the other part dug into her foot.
‘Perry controls you.’ He smirked at her as she hobbled around until finally she remove it.
‘I am going to kill him,’ she spoke to the ground. ‘I like your shoes.’
‘Thanks,’ he glanced down at them. The neon strips and laces stood out against the dark blue.
She yanked the piece out of her foot and threw it. The listening device glinted off the artificial light and reflective surfaces.
‘A sparkly snake what an appropriate piece. Why did you destroy it? Too close to the truth maybe?’ He scoffed; it reminded her of the tone he used when they first started working together. ‘And yellow at that, well he really has your number, never has there been such a duplicitous colour. It just can’t be trusted. Just like you.’
‘No, you,’ she pointed her finger in his face. ‘You don’t get to decide the ending to this tall tale. This is my future. My legacy. You are a relic of the past, obsolete and decrepit.’
‘Those who don’t learn from the past or listen to their elders, are doomed to repeat all the same mistakes then make a few of their own.’
‘Correct.’
‘Is the future really in the hands of people like you?’ Barker shook his head. ‘We are all doomed.’
‘I heard some whispers that you aren’t as old as you appear to be. An experiment gone wrong. They place your age around forty.’
‘Who?’ His eyes shone with excitement.
‘Yes I see you, the real you.’
He seemed to be pondering his next move. ‘These situations require a little bit of nuance.’
‘You don’t want to work with me anymore,’ she cringed; even though she felt the same, the rejection still hurt, ‘it’s okay just say it. I can see the wheels turning in your head. How can I get out of this situation without getting hurt?’
‘Perry was the only one that was several moves ahead. All the rest of you were floundering fish,’ he snickered and pointed his finger in her face. ‘Wondering where all the water disappeared too.’
‘Anyone has the potential to be a floundering fish,’ she grasped his body and violently twisted it. The crunching of bones made her shiver.
He fell to the ground with a thud.
‘Gulp, gulp.’



5



A force knocked Kershaw into a nearby tree. It dug into her flesh as she grabbed onto it but it was not enough to steady her. She was struggling to stay on her feet but Alexander was having a harder time, he was trying to climb a tree. The ground beneath them was constantly shuddering. It made her stomach churn with anticipation. Every time he clambered up the tree, the shaking would make him slide back down. Something that would normally take him seconds was dragging on.
The wind was whistling through the trees. As the leaves cascaded down to the ground, she smelt a fragrant flower. His foot had crushed it. Now it was raining down on her. Its soft and crunchy stem hit her arm. The crisp air was refreshing but it was not enough to lift the fog around her brain. She was perpetually exhausted. A yawn made her head feel like it would drop off. They both needed a break from the constant torment. But unfortunately their lives were like a nightmare that would never end.
There was movement to the side of her. A neon yellow blob. She recognised the stranger even from a great distance. His chipmunk cheeks were bobbing. He was dragging something towards a gaping hole in the cliff.
Her hands trembled. Even though she knew they had secret passageways, the fact that they were carved into the rock sent chills down her spine. She shook her head as she reeled from all their deceit. As Darren disappear into the rock, she watched all her memories of him slowly start to sour.
‘Alex, something’s going down. I just saw Darren drag something through an entrance in the cliff face.’
‘How did you know it was Darren?’ He puffed.
‘You’re not surprised?’
‘Nothing they do surprises me anymore.’
‘Oh right you haven’t meet Darren, he has chubby cheeks.’
‘How do you know him?’
‘We were errand boys for Lipowski. Guess he’s moved up in the world now.’
He glanced down at her, ‘Should we go to the cliff and try to get through?’
She could see the last of his strength fading away. Even though she felt like puking she forced herself to act. She pushed her toes into the grooves in the bark and dragged her body up the tree.
Alexander seemed surprised as she propped his foot up with her shoulder. The pain in her shoulders dulled the pain from her bleeding toes. He gave her an apologetic smile before he launched himself up onto a branch. Finally he was able to reach it.
The sound of swirling water echoed around them. Suddenly they did not need to reach the top of the tree. The entire forest was folding against a powerful force.
Kershaw gasped as the headquarters disintegrated against the powerful waves. Their whole world was imploding but there was nothing they could do to stop it.
As the waves swept over her, her fingers slid down the bark until her grip gave out. She was plunged into the swirling vortex. The heavy fabric in her tunic dragged her down, in desperation she tried to shed the unnecessary layer. It tugged at her damaged skin. She was fighting the dress more than the waves. Thankfully the tunic swirled away in the opposite direction.
Her neck was tweaked by the churning chaos of the ferocious waves. She was like a rag doll against their might. A throbbing pain in her tooth made its way towards her brain. It was hard to tell if her head was bleeding but her face was slowly going numb. A flash of agony made her gasp. Water spurted out of her mouth and into the endless ocean she was stuck in.
The mistake flashed into her mind and made her tremble more than the icy water. They were arrogant after their victory and now she was drowning in the consequences of their actions.
She smiled. The water wrapped around her like warm blanket until she floated away.



6



The damp cave stunk. Its foul odour permeated the air and made Lipowski’s eyes water. Every step was a nightmare and now the screen’s screeching sound was echoing off the walls. Torturing her ears twice. A flashing and bleeping annoyance that assaulted her senses. She cursed. Everything was slowly going from bad to worse. Her feet skidded against the loose stones. The artificial light blinded her eyes and ruined her night vision.
Her ragged tent dress caught on the jagged rock and yanked her back. She sighed. It was no longer safe to continue.
‘Perry where are the lights?’ She tried to communicate with him for the fifty time. ‘Now Terger is ruined forever without my permission?’
The silence was eerie.
It was an uncomfortable feeling, she felt like all her actions were coming back for her. She had no empathy for her victims, no remorse. The pit in her stomach was not abating. It was all Perry’s fault.
‘You better be punishing your father just as much as me,’ she gritted her teeth and trudged forward. ‘If you are lenient with him so help me…’
A shuffling sound made her freeze. There were a million different reasons for the noise but ironically the one she feared the most would be the least of her worries.
‘Hello,’ she whispered.
The sound of her throat clearing was painfully loud. She inhaled air like a vacuum. If she did not project her voice then she would be stuck with her fears for longer than she needed to be. Her heart was thumping in her chest. Sweat drenched her palms but they were already coated in a sticky substance. It was hard to find the courage to move let alone speak.
‘It’s just Lipowski,’ a gravelly voice said. ‘Don’t worry boss. We’ve cleared all the citizens from Terger just in time. Thanks to your tipoff.’
‘Ha, so soon,’ she laughed to herself as her confidence returned. ‘Very soon Perry will realise that his little mutiny did not work.’
‘We’ll return to help you once we’ve secured the prisoners.’ There was a muffled gruffness that was unmistakeable. She could just imagine his chubby cheeks bouncing with every breath. As if he was chewing on gravel. The abundance of his top lip dwarfed the lower one. It looked odd like it was permanently swollen.
‘Good job Darren,’ she tried to stifle a giggle. ‘Oh and do hurry back.’
The scratching and scuffing sounds started to fade into the distance. She was happy that they had a sense of urgency to their movements. It meant that her nightmare was almost over.
‘What, Lipowski f—’
‘Raven?’ Her heart leapt into her mouth as her feet left the floor. The unsteady landing made her stumble back against the wall.
‘—hell, what are you doing down here?’ Raven’s smug voice was unmistakable.
‘Escaping, you?’ She gingerly stepped forward.
‘Hiding a body.’
‘I might have guessed,’ Lipowski’s timid voice made her squirm. She felt so powerless.
‘What’s that suppose to mean?’
‘Who?’
‘Braxton Barker, god rest his soul.’ Raven’s voice was suddenly squeaky and loud; it made her words sound disingenuous. ‘Plus all the extra ones he had to match all his different faces.’
‘So, you’re on my side again. Good. I was running out of people, after Kershaw and Alexander lied to my face.’
‘And where are they?’ Raven’s interest was peaked.
The world was starting to make sense again. Lipowski laughed and walked past Raven. Even though she was in an unfamiliar position, it was not enough to put her off her game. All the chess pieces were starting to line up once again.
‘Perhaps I don’t need the atrium after all, I used it as a crutch all these years I didn’t realise how much I was becoming stale. Maybe I should thank you,’ Lipowski turned back as she sensed a change in the atmosphere; tentatively she whispered. ‘Raven?’
The darkened space closed in on her once more.
‘Sheesh, can no one do what they are told?’ Lipowski cursed her bad luck. There was no one she could rely on.
A dark thought crossed her mind, she tried to physically remove it by shaking her head.
‘No she is not that stupid, would she, could she?’
‘Of course she would.’ The voice felt like it was right beside her.
‘Who’s there?’ Lipowski swallowed back her apprehension, her hand trembled as she reached out.
The chuckle was feminine.
Lipowski’s hands were floundering but no one was near her. She jumped as her hands brushed against the damp wall. It was sharp and cut into her flesh.
‘Indulge me for a moment, is this a cave or a convention? It’s a party down here and I wasn’t invited. What’s with the ruckus?’
‘You want something so do I, shall we trade?’ Lipowski cringed, she did not know who she was trying to bargain with. The lack of control made her shudder.
‘No there is nothing you have that I want.’ The voice was muffled and husky as if the person was purposefully disguising their voice.
‘Stop leering over me and state your business. Before I trample you with my boots.’ She was trying to speak with an authoritative tone but fear was starting to infiltrate every inch of her.
‘I swear I can almost hear your frown through your crooked teeth. Brooding bah bah.’ Again the tone was mocking. ‘Smile more, you’ll live longer.’
A flick of air and hair smashed into her face. She stumbled back. The stranger was closer than she thought. Even though she was straining her ears, the stranger was silent. The only sound she could hear was her blood dripping onto the bumpy floor.
She took a risk and called out the only name she could think of. ‘Is that you, Zoe?’
‘Bare feet Betty, ha, why lie about such a small detail?’ The voice snarled. ‘Tell me something, does this feel familiar to you?’
‘Only you hate me that much,’ Lipowski smirked as she finally recognised the voice. ‘Zoe, are you intentionally trying to unnerve me?’
Zoe’s tone was unique only by the level of hatred she managed to pack into every word.
‘Say something.’ Lipowski held back her desire to destroy everything in front of her.
‘Why madam how ever could you think me so lowly and wicked as to mess with your feelings when you are oh so,’ Zoe’s whispered words made Lipowski’s stomach churn. ‘Vulnerable and scared. I have integrity, I’ll define it for you if you need it.’
Lipowski’s lip trembled uncontrollably. ‘Think this through, you don’t want to turn out like me.’
‘There’ll always be a special place for you.’ There was something different about her. ‘Your imprint is seared into me, I can no more remove it than I can cut out my own heart.’
Lipowski smiled before she caught herself. ‘You haven’t killed anyone yet, there’s no need to mark your soul with my toxicity.’
‘Yet? Sounds like a challenge,’ she paused as she blew hot air into Lipowski’s face. ‘How do you know what I have and haven’t done?’
Her heart sunk. The moment of joy was ruined by her impeding doom.
‘Oh yes, lost someone recently? Placed them on a shelf and they went walkabouts?’ There was something missing from the voice; a robot form that moved and spoke in such an unnatural way. ‘It slips through your fingers. Even if you don’t want it. As you become harsher, you look back at all the people that stole a piece of you. And think to yourself maybe one day I can steal me back.’
Lipowski backed away from the monster she had created.
‘If I can’t then maybe I should just steal something from someone else, like you did. Shall I follow your example?’ The threat was like a knife to the heart.
‘Don’t hide behind me, you are afraid to lose him so much that you count his every breath. When he is ill so are you. There is a pit in your stomach and you can’t sleep through the night as you ponder will this be the night I’m left all alone? Crying out for someone, something, anything but this empty pitiful existence.’ Lipowski was gulping for air but forgot to swallow. ‘Cow.’
‘It’s okay,’ Zoe’s touch was cold.
The sound was caught in Lipowski’s throat. No matter how hard she tried, she could not utter another word. She took a deep breath.
‘I think the word you are looking for is coward. But cow also fits. I have no problem staring into my reflection, I get lost in the layers of hurt and memories that haunt my eyes. Maybe some day I will take responsibility for them but until then,’ there was a loud pop followed by a rush of air. ‘I blame you. Am I wrong to do so?’
Lipowski reached out and touched the uneven surface. There was no way to know what she was touching but she needed to steady herself as she mulled over the words.
‘Oh,’ Zoe continued to make the annoying popping and clicking sound with her mouth and tongue. ‘I see, because you are vulnerable. Wow. That’s hypocritical. All you have done your entire life, is prey on the weak and now you want some mercy?’
‘If you kill me then you will have no one—’
‘Fine by me.’ Her slimy hands slithered around Lipowski’s neck.



7



Alexander watched the destruction of the town with a smile on his face. It was hard to contain his glee. Chunks of the illusion crumbled into the swirling might of the dark water. An improbable mixture of fire and water. By design, they were trapped within the waking nightmare. He gasped. The thought of his impeding doom was an intoxicating proposition. He was disturbed by the excitement that electrified his body. His fingers dug into the bark until it hurt. As the water pushed against his body, he remembered that Kershaw was beneath him. A stab of fear and dread filled his mind as he looked for her. He found her just as her head was smashed into some debris.
Without thinking, he jumped into the water.
Instead of fighting against it, he relaxed into it. Adjusting his trajectory only when he was in danger of being hit. Although he missed the whirlpool of swirling mesh, a large piece of wood smashed into his chest. His eyes were watering against the hit.
The impact pushed him back into the water. His eyes were burning against the water. It was an unusual sensation, he had never opened his eyes in water before.
As the pressure of the water pushed him back into the wood. It crushed his chest. He gasped. But the only thing he inhaled was water.
His mind was yelling at him.
Somehow he managed to find the surface.
There was no time for him to catch his breath. The valley shifted beneath them. Suddenly there was a giant vortex by the cliff that was pulling them towards the ominous space. It felt like someone was holding onto his legs and yanking him. As he was sucked in, he caught a glimpse of Kershaw’s blonde hair before she was also pulled into the darkness.
The turbulent water smashed him into the rocks. It felt like he was in a washing machine, his limbs flailed around in an attempt to protect his head. A tunic blinded him for a moment. He tore the material away from his eyes and watched it float away.
Suddenly the water was calm. He turned onto his back and floated past the slimy walls of the damp cave. The change in environment and pace was disorientating.
He did not trust the sudden calm. Cold water dripped onto his exposed hands and made him cringe. He was getting too close to the top of the cave. The claustrophobic space was making him panic, every touch made him feel like the cave was closing in on him. He was covered in a slushy build up of decomposing leaves, mucky water, dirt and grit.
A force smashed into him and knocked the wind out of him. He gasped. Water trickled down his nose.
The more he struggled the more water he inhaled. He choked on the bitter water. It had never tasted so wrong.
A familiar set of dead eyes were staring at him. The man’s crooked mouth and wonky teeth parted into a grin. His short and meaty fingers wrapped around Alexander’s neck and squeezed. The most obvious way to attack would have been to drown him. But Jeff’s goal was not to kill him, it was to make him suffer.
There positions were determined by the water. He made the most of Jeff’s loose grip and titled his head down until the hand slipped beneath his chin. As soon as he felt flesh, he bit down.
Jeff screamed. His mouth sucked in water like a vacuum, he violently spluttered and choked.
Instead of making the most of the situation, Alexander swam away from it. It would be easy to hold the man’s head under the water. Physically it was possible but mentally he did not want to face the consequences of such a grim action.
One day it might scar his soul for life. Until that day, he wanted to try to avoid it at all costs. Even if it caused him trouble in the future or resulted in his death, he did not want to kill.
Damp hair slid against his arm, he jumped away from it. In the low light he could just make out Kershaw’s limp form. He grabbed her clothes and pulled her close. Her tunic floated around her chest. As he hung onto her unconscious body, his mind was tortured by the possible outcomes. In his mind she was dead and he was slowly been squeezed into a small space with a water level that continued to rise.



8



Lipowski was still shaking from her encounter. Her heart was thumping in her chest. She tried to slow it down by regulating her breathing but it was refusing to calm down. It raged away in her ears and took away her hearing. She felt so vulnerable and scared without her senses. Time seemed to be going so slowly. It was the first time in her life that she wanted to rush past the moment and find a happier one. For her, the worst thing in the world was to be out of control and now that nightmare was magnified. Her fingers groped around for any reference point.
There was something that was covered in dense hairs and was squishy beneath her fingertips. She pulled at it until it snapped back.
‘It’s Stanley madam.’ The object was speaking to her. ‘Please stop touching my cheeks, I need them to speak.’
‘Ew,’ she pulled away and wiped her hands on her clothes.
‘Don’t be afraid, it’s Stanley Preston,’ he sounded desperate for her approval. ‘Nice dress madam.’
‘I don’t know you.’ She was dismissive.
He grabbed her hands and dragged them down his forehead. A layer of greasy hair was moved aside. His skin was just as slimy as the cave wall. There was a bumpy surface that ran down the length of his face, under his facial hair and down his neck. It was all clumpy. Her stomach gurgled against the revolting grit that coated his face.
‘Scar Field,’ she giggled. ‘Right the fire, everyone was running around and you were chasing them then you almost got your face cut off in a field by…’
‘Delaney.’
‘Well he’s dead now so congratulations on your victory,’ her grin was warping her words. ‘And many more to come.’
‘Yah,’ his sarcastic tone was puzzling.
‘Raven however is still very much alive, she caused the fiasco.’
‘You’re not telling the truth,’ he scolded her. ‘Or maybe you just don’t know it.’
Lipowski frowned. It was possible that she did not know everything. But she would never admit that to anyone. He dragged her fingers over his lumpy head. There were a couple of indentations in his skull. She pulled away from him. The touch was not comforting, the greasy and rough surface was unpleasant to begin with but in the dark it magnified the terror.
The darkness was overwhelming her once again.
‘Are you still there?’ She could hear him shuffling away.
‘I heard you talking about his death, you were talking to a Zoe.’
‘The Zoe, what about it?’
‘I owe her.’ His voice made the hairs on the back of her neck stand on end. ‘She succeeded where I failed, time and time again.’
‘Hmm,’ Lipowski was bewildered; there were so many things she never noticed. ‘I guess.’
‘Wow, I never thought I would live to see the day when you were outfoxed at every turn. You don’t even know what I’m talking about, do you?’
Her eyes fluttered as she rapidly blinked. No matter how hard she tried to remove herself from her reality, the situation stayed the same.
‘How the mighty have fallen. Are there no words to describe your anguish?’
‘What do you want?’ She cringed as she said the words. ‘What do I have to do for you to get me out of here?’
‘Die.’ He snickered. ‘I think that is what Zoe wants.’
‘Almost everyone does.’ Lipowski sighed and cupped his chin. ‘Just shut up and get me out of here now. If she wanted me to die she would have done it herself.’
‘Why would he attack me?’ He pushed her away.
‘One scoop of chaos and a sprinkling of nuts. It was a weird hour.’
‘No, you told him too.’
‘I wasn’t even there. Wait, what time are you talking about?’
‘So you knew he was targeting me? Repeatedly abusing me.’ His voice was trembling, either his head was shaking or his body was.
‘Who said that?’ She tried to laugh the accusation away but her voice broke. ‘Why don’t we go somewhere nicer and talk about it, aye?’
‘Nah, I’m done talking to you.’
‘Wait,’ she reached out. ‘It wasn’t my fault.’
There was nothing in front of her anymore, he was gone.
‘That one wasn’t my fault,’ she groaned.
‘I don’t think he cares,’ a snide voice chuckled.
‘Who’s there?’ Lipowski sunk to her knees and cried.
‘No don’t sink so low.’ The mocking tone made her lip tremble as despondency filled her body. ‘Oh well you already did. Just stop with all the nonsense. We all know you feel nothing.’
‘Why?’ She whined.
‘You must feel nothing, all those people that died because of your experiments. Did they whine and cry?’
‘I can’t be held responsible for every bad thing that happens,’ she snapped as she got to her feet.
‘There you are.’
She threw her arms out but they did not connect.
‘Pathetic.’
‘Who are you?’ She snarled. ‘Why don’t you blame Perry?’
‘That would be like blaming myself.’
‘Stuart?’ Her legs felt weak. She managed to stumble forward by leaning into the cave wall. It cut into her flesh but she was desperate to feel. The darkness was closing in on her and there was no one who cared enough to be there for her. Her work could not come and save her. She was not valuable enough for Erase to protect her and keep her safe at all times. All her life had culminated to this point and she was just as insignificant as the day she drew her first breath. She cursed her existence. There was no one else to blame. Physically they were stronger, mentally they were more prepared, strategically they were five moves ahead and emotionally they had matured. She had been blinded by her own intelligence and now she was left with nothing.
The cave was eerily silent. Either they were taking turns torturing her or something big was going down. She panicked. Everything was slowly going wrong and there was nothing she could do about it. She felt so helpless and overwhelmed by it all. It was an unfamiliar feeling that was burrowing its way into her bones. A path she had taken a million times in the light now seemed impossible without it. She closed her eyes and tried to visualise the path. It was a straight line yet so much could go wrong; without her sight, she was afraid of everything.
Finally she felt a familiar section of the cave. A wave of calm washed over her body and filled her with a warm fuzzy feeling.
‘Harper,’ she pressed the button down so hard, her finger started to bleed.
There was no answer, she collapsed onto the floor and cried. Her finger was still stuck to the button like it had become a part of it.
‘Hello?’ A voice called out to her.
She squeaked and jumped to her feet, ‘Harper?’
‘Yes.’
Her relief turned to anger. ‘Why didn’t you answer me before? I’m freezing, bleeding and furious. Where’s my men?’
‘What? I answered straight away. Are you sure you were holding the button down?’
Lipowski realised her mistake but she refused to acknowledge it. ‘Come and get me I’m lost. Zoe just tried to kill me, thankfully she came to her senses and ran before she became the monster I knew she was all along. Yes it’s a win for my program but come on why the hell do I have to be so close to the crazy? Did you hear me? This is urgent!’
‘Would you let me reply?’
‘Right, speak.’
‘Just talked to Darren, he’s securing the prisoners and after that he will be right with you.’ The voice sounded like an answering machine.
Lipowski was taken aback by the response. ‘Why don’t you come?’
‘Honestly maybe I would have, but you were so rude.’
‘I’m your boss,’ she blinked as she tried to free herself from the horrible situation. ‘Is this real? Has everyone gone mad? Did the leadership change while I took a nap? Come and get me now.’
‘Of course I’ll past on the message, have a nice day.’
‘Harper? When I get out of here, I’m going to kill you all.’ Lipowski became frantic. The atrium was her base of operations but she did not expect everything to fall apart when it did. Psychologically she thought it was important only to her and held most of its power in her mind only. It seemed to be a physical representation as much as a mental one. A symbol that held more power than she ever thought possible. It had been degraded over time and eventually annihilated. She cursed her own stupidity and arrogance.
‘Well that’s not much incentive to rescue you now is it?’
At first she thought Harper had returned but suddenly her mind cleared from the panic haze and she realised it was a very deep voice. ‘Perry?’
‘You undercut my action.’
‘And you mine.’
‘Is that what you wanted?’ Perry laughed. ‘You’re so weird and bad-tempered, that’s why no one likes you.’
‘Eventually yes but after I was out of this damaged cave maze.’
‘How is a straight line a maze?’ He seemed pleased with himself. ‘It’s not damaged, it works perfectly. A horrible experience for people who have no experience with it.’
‘If people don’t like me then why am I running into everyone?’
He laughed. ‘Don’t pretend you don’t know a reset when you see one. Ignorance doesn’t suit you.’
‘It wasn’t suppose to be this way. So,’ she tried to tear her hair out but she did not have the energy to lift her arms let alone exert so much energy. ‘Why did it happen this way?’
‘Miscommunication, it doesn’t matter. Lights are broken.’
‘I can see that,’ she rolled her eyes. ‘Don’t let the truth get stuck in your teeth.’
‘Why are all these people here?’ His anger was seething out of his every syllable. ‘Xaoh is barely big enough as it is.’
‘Terger citizens, Erase wants them. Guess we are even now sonny, not so cocky now.’
His sinister laugh made her cringe. ‘You might want to duck into the auxiliary space and wait it out. Otherwise you’re in for a swim.’
A whooshing sound was followed by a splashing vortex of sound.
‘Yeah I don’t think Raven likes you very much. Wonder why?’ He snickered. ‘Looks like she opened the door and let the water in.’
‘What?’ She shrieked.
‘Oh and Lipowski, your posses of pussies are all stuck in my little trap, not your big one.’ He laughed at his own joke.
The laughter followed her as she scrambled to the auxiliary space.
‘You are on your own with the consequence of your actions. How fitting and what better company is there?’
She had no energy left to mumble under her breath. Instead her facial features contorted as disgust rippled through her body and made her physically ill.
‘The world doesn’t revolve around you but maybe there are people lurking in the shadows ready to attack you. Well have fun.’
A sharp howl echoed around the space. There were snarls and growls bouncing off the walls and echoing around her brain. She swallowed back her fear and kept her feet moving. They were stalking her. She could almost feel their drool dripping down her neck. They sounded like they were grinding their teeth down into sharp points.
She shivered. A chomping sound was following her but she could not walk any faster. The ground was too uneven, her eyes were unable to find anything to focus on. Their fingers brushed against her skin and made her scream.



9



Raven squirmed. There was no escape before she could take another step she saw Barker’s body. They had countered her move the moment she had made it. She cursed her mistake. There was no point hiding him again, they obviously wanted him to be found. She sprinted to the mud and left a footprint before she spun away in the opposite direction.
‘Rats in a cage.’ The voice was hard to place. ‘Always find a maze.’
‘What?’ Raven snapped her head towards the sound and sent a wave of pain coursing through her head. ‘Perhaps I underestimated your resolve.’
‘Huh?’
‘Never mind what are you doing here?’
‘How long will it take them to find you? Flat plane, minimal coverage. No places to hide.’ The woman’s tone was soft, she was coated in bruises and soaked to the bone. ‘I know a place.’
‘Why would you help me?’ The world was spinning, her mind ached.
‘Aren’t we on the same side sis? You pretended to be Cat Novak but you never were. We’re both phantoms. Lipowski’s dead bloodline brats. Unable to repopulate the world in our own image but instead an instrument to cull the wicked.’
‘I see,’ she smiled. ‘We’re both defective, how did you know the code?’
‘There’s more than one way into this particular maze but make no mistake there is only one way out.’
‘And what way would that be?’
‘Only those who know can find it.’
‘And how do you know if no one tells you?’ Raven gaped at the insanity. ‘Do they show you?’
‘If you don’t know the way, you can’t find it.’ The strange woman tapped her chest. ‘You should be able to follow yourself to where you need to be.’
‘Trust your instincts, because I’ve been here before?’
‘Because if you are one of us, you will find us. But if you are not, there is no place for you here.’
‘Is that a threat?’ Raven felt judged and unbalanced by the situation. For once she had no one to hide behind. She was not thinking about how someone else would react. The reaction had to be hers. But being herself was an unnatural and forced state that she could not exist in.
‘A person that can’t be themselves, is useless.’ The woman looked like she was both disgusted and enraged by Raven.
‘Great. Yet again Lipowski screws me,’ she looked towards the hazy sky and shook her head. ‘Why is…’
‘Traffic light, you’ll be alright.’ The woman was already gone as the voice started to fade away too.
‘Fantastic every place I go,’ she sighed and looked around the stark environment before she fell to her knees. ‘Is full of weirdos.’
‘Miss?’ An old woman with brown eyes and white hair was staring at her.
‘Yes.’
‘I’m Hale,’ she reached out to Raven. Her forehead was perpetually wrinkled. The peasant dress flowed out. They were both wearing the same thing except for the hair clip. Her clip was still on her head. It was a dull pig. The insult was obvious but she wore it with pride.
Raven grasped the wrinkled hand and launched herself up.
‘You aren’t going to introduce yourself?’
‘No, I know who I am.’
‘Green means house, red means spin, yellow means freeze. Blue for tunnels. You can go through the motions but if there’s no emotion behind it then you are doomed.’
‘Spare me the riddles darling, what do you want?’
‘You to pay for your crimes,’ her shrill voice was still annoying even after so many years.
‘Hale, was it?’ Raven smirked. ‘How did you escape?’
‘I was never there.’
‘Wow inspired, I never noticed.’
‘See anonymity is power.’
‘You don’t have it anymore,’ she whispered.
‘And you never did.’ She grabbed Raven’s arm.
‘Which is better, to never have but never lose,’ she knocked Hale’s feeble hands away. ‘Or to have it all only to have it ripped away?’
‘Let me know.’ Hale licked her lips. ‘When you arrive at Erase.’
‘Going to drag me there,’ she wrapped her hands around Hale’s neck.
‘Ew,’ Hale squeaked.
Raven squeezed her hands. ‘Funny. I didn’t have to kill you but somehow I just wanted too. Don’t know why.’
The body fell to the fake floor with a thud. Raven’s hand hovered over the clip but she did not want to wear it. She subtly glanced around. There was no one around. It was a puzzling town, after all the noise she had just made it was strange that no one came to investigate. There was something so unnatural about it all. Everything was artificial to the point where it could not even act like it was real anymore. It was an unnerving place to be. Common sense did not exist there.
Her fingertips clawed at the side panel. It was stuck. She threw her hands in the air as she tried to figure out a new plan.
There was a pair of eyes that were following her every move. The stranger wordlessly pulled up a piece of fake turf and pointed lightly at it. Before she left, she looked back and smirked.
Raven swore. Somehow she felt like all her actions were no longer her own. It felt like she was a puppet, at the whim of her masters. She grabbed the body and threw it under the turf. As she slammed it back down, her eyes darted around before she shuffled away.
The atmosphere was haunting. It was so quiet, she could almost count every breath she took. There were no animals of any description. She looked up at the hazy sky but there were no birds flying above her. The fake grass had no dirt underneath it. It was a frozen metal that preserved the bodies perfectly. She shivered.
Her pockets were bugling, her hand brushed against a box. She smiled. The tools of her trade were with her once more. She tugged it out and wrestled with the latch. Decades of abuse had left her skin dry and damaged. She sighed. Her shaking hand carefully applied the wrinkles. She stretched out her thin lips. It was a rush job, the worst disguise she had ever done. She was physically and mentally in turmoil from the unfamiliar situation. Normally it would take her weeks to prepare. Her tummy gurgled.
A high-pitched ringing was distracting her. The sound had been increasing in volume ever since she had entered the town. It felt like it was never going to end. The only time she had some relief from it was in the cave.
‘You seem to be such a fragile soul, but your actions, image and demeanour suggests otherwise. What an interesting contradiction.’ The woman was back and twice as annoying as before.
‘What’s your name?’
‘Does it matter?’
‘I’m sure it matters to someone, somewhere but I guess no is the answer you are looking for.’ Raven grumbled. ‘I don’t really care either. Just want to know if you’re an enemy.’
‘Everyone that lives here is. It doesn’t matter how you dress yourself up, you will never be able to erase the stench that leaks from your putrid being.’
‘I’ll take that as a yes.’
‘Actually it’s a no.’
‘Really?’
‘I don’t live here, do I look like I live here?’ The woman’s dimple was showing but the smile was not friendly. ‘Because I don’t.’
‘Same old s—’
‘Different day.’ Her monotone voice almost put Raven to sleep.
‘A helpful observer, how refreshing.’
‘Don’t get too comfortable. This is a place that rewards bad behaviour.’
‘Someone who cares is worth a hundred experts.’
‘Debatable. As long as you are valuable, you stay alive.’ The woman walked away again. Her goofy ears were protruding from her head.
Raven felt like she had just been interviewed but it was not a job on the line, it was her life. Her heart thundered in her chest.
After all she had been through and created, she was still worth nothing to them. It was frustrating. The more she tried the less it mattered. Now she wanted to be caught by the town. At least if she faced them all, she could vent her rage. Anything was better than being invisible forever.
‘There must be a way out of this,’ she fell to her knees and threw her head up to the sky.
Somehow the town was ingrained in her memory before she had visited it. As if she was stuck there in a past life and the memory was etched into her senses but missing from her mind. She paused. No one was around but she felt like there were hundreds of eyes on her. She had never felt so nervous and unbalanced. Even the disguise was not helping her. She was already pretending to be someone else but even this person was scared. It was not true to the character she was playing yet she was unable to control the automatic reaction. The chills were playing piano on her back. Her legs felt like they might buckle at any moment. She had never felt so alone and been so terrified of the feeling. Even the hairs on her neck were threatening to flee from her.
A whirling noise made her heart jump into her throat. The world was becoming progressively darker. There was a plastic object hovering in the air. It was trapping her within a cage. There was a woman was above her. In a weird moment they caught each other’s eye.
She shivered. The haunting gaze lasted only a moment but there was so much said in such a short amount of time. There were no words that needed to be uttered. It was clear by the malice glinting in the woman’s eye that Raven belonged beneath her. She gritted her teeth and planned her revenge in her head.
Without another thought to her safety she ran at one of the sides. Her feet were swept up on a moving platform. The more she ran, the further back she slid. Furiously she slammed her feet down on it but it threw her away. She let the momentum throw her back. Beads of sweat ran down her forehead as her mind returned to her. She grinned. Suddenly she was back in control and not a passenger to the horrible side of her that appeared when she was depleted.
The whirling noise resumed as the plastic sheet returned back to where it came from. It looked like the door was also floating in midair but Raven knew better. They were enclosed within a square box that utilized the cliff as one of its sides. It was the place from her fever dreams. She remembered all too well that no one could bump into the other three sides. They were protected from human touch. It was a perplexing mystery that both intrigued, repulsed and astounded her. If she thought about it for too long, she feared she might go crazy.



10



Alexander was finding it harder to breathe, his sister was still unresponsive. The dark water was pinning them against the cold stone. He could feel the desperation welling up within him, it was the only thing he could feel. Everything else was numb. His whole body was full of cuts and bruises. Her body was so cold and lifeless. It took all his remaining strength not to cry out in despair.
A darkness was creeping up on him. He felt like he was losing consciousness as it consumed him. The thud was loud enough to wake him from his stupor. He had not felt the hit but they had both slammed into a rock wall.
The situation was deplorable. Now there was nowhere left to go. The water was rising once again.
A soft glow was coming out of the wall.
The woman’s body jerked upright. Her lip was trembling uncontrollably. His body was fighting conflicting feelings of relief and dread. They were threading their way through his icy veins.
‘We need a code. Dylan? We can’t get out without a code.’
‘I… I,’ her lips were turning blue. ‘Don’t know.’
‘Blue, my eyes aren’t amber.’
‘You,’ her eyes were starting to glaze over.
‘Azure for blue, five letters for four letters. One,’ he pushed down the number. ‘Emerald for green, seven for five. Two.’
‘I do lo…’ Her words were starting to slur.
His numb fingers pushed down the number on the key pad. ‘Amber and hazel both five. Zero.’
The keypad flashed red and beeped. It was torture against their ears as the high-pitched sound echoed off the walls.
‘You.’ Her head was bleeding profusely.
Under the flashing red light. He saw the true extent of her injures. The tears started to flow as he cursed Perry’s cruelty. Perry did not care about him, all he cared about was the thrill of game.
‘Can’t you be my father for once in your life?’ He sobbed. The trauma from the past few days was starting to catch up with him. It was becoming too much to bear.
‘Sissy,’ a voice behind him taunted. ‘You forgot to finish the job twice now, are you scared to do it or just don’t like to kick a man when he’s down? Nobility never won a war, my stupid friend.’
Alexander glanced behind him and groaned, Jeff was swimming towards them.
‘Tip for the future make sure your enemy is dead or that the stranger is actually your enemy before you attack.’ Jeff stopped swimming towards them and smiled. ‘The water’s already taking me to you. Why waste my effort? Very soon we will be together again.’
‘Do you know the code?’
‘Even if I did I wouldn’t tell you,’ he sneered. ‘I’m coming to see you, don’t leave before I get there. That would be so rude, you know?’
‘You’ll die here with us, is that what you want?’
‘I warned you and you didn’t listen. This is your grave, mine and hers.’
Alexander moaned.
‘Don’t be despondent. It’ll all be over very soon. Wait for me.’ Jeff touched his head and frowned. ‘You hurt me, I’ll hurt you.’
Even though the flow of the water had slowed down, Jeff was still closing in on them too quickly. Alexander whipped his head around as he tried to find a way to escape the situation.
‘You can run but you can’t hide or… run.’ Jeff leaned back and laughed. The floating man looked stupid but he was deceptively dangerous. As the water level rose so did the pressure to do something.
Alexander let the woman go.
‘I’m coming to get you and your ugly girlfriend.’
There was a slight delay to Alexander’s movements.
‘Just because she’s ugly doesn’t mean you should let her drown,’ Jeff’s taunting words were fading away.
Alexander took a deep breath and dove underwater; he panicked and tried to find the surface. The water swirled around his lips as he tried to find a pocket of air. His lungs were already bursting from the trauma that they had endured.
The red light and noise were getting further away. He dove down to the keypad and pushed the buttons until a radiant glow blinded him. The light took his consciousness away to a place where he could not go.



11



Zoe’s ears were ringing. The noise was a constant distraction and irritation that she could not stop. She already felt like her brain was about to explode. The dizziness and drowsiness were making her knees buckle. She knelt beside Alexander. His body was covered in deep gashes, bruises and cuts. While his pale skin and dark hair made him look like a vampire. She stroked his cheek. He felt so cold it made her numb, her heart fluttered. For the first time in her life, she was frightened that she might lose someone she cared about. She grabbed his shoulders and shook him as if she was trying to shake the life back into his fragile form.
His clothes were hanging off him. The neon purple t-shirt and shorts were dry. A wasp watch was fastened too tightly to his wrist. She removed it without thinking too much about it. There was a matching clip in her hair. She removed it and placed them both in the giant pocket of her maroon jumpsuit. Her legs shuddered beneath her as she got up and shuffled away.
‘Twelve minus four equals eight. My eyes aren’t radiant azure.’ His incoherent mumbles made no sense to her.
She looked over at the woman’s lifeless body and sighed. There was something warped about her features. Not only was she wearing a weird tunic but she no longer looked like Kershaw. Her past disguises were always detailed but they never changed the size of her head. Zoe rubbed her eyes and tried to refocus. The details were starting to blur and warp along with her mind.
‘Eight, two, zero,’ he mumbled.
The tunnel opening was bizarre, the top was open but the bottom was closed. For some reason it did not fully open, she peered into the tunnel. It was still letting out a slow trickle but she did not mind the noise.
A pink blob came flying out of the cave and almost knocked her off her feet, she jumped back at the last possible moment. It took her heart a few moments to calm back down.
The man had a crooked mouth and wonky teeth that were too big for him. He jolted awake and scrambled to his feet.
‘Who are you? Why are you dressed like candy floss?’
‘My name is my business but I might say it if you were there and said yours.’ The spluttering voice was annoying, his words even more so.
‘Zoe.’
‘The name that I was given was Jeff, your name I suspect would be Zero? I don’t know of anyone else with a name starting with Z because I memorized them all.’ He hobbled towards her. ‘Don’t you see?’
‘So verbose, can’t you just get to the point then shut up?’ She was dizzy, the pain behind her eyes was intensifying. ‘What is the point, do you even know?’
‘I need to play with those two, then I’ll be on my way.’
‘Play?’
‘They owe me some fun after all the pain they caused me, I was trying to help. Got attacked twice for my troubles. They flouted the rules.’
‘Alexander?’
‘I know he is your,’ he tilted his head and squinted his eyes; his smirk was infuriating. ‘Partner but I need to get my revenge, you understand?’
‘You are not going anywhere near him.’ She stepped in between them.
‘Or her?’ He changed direction.
‘That too.’
‘Okay,’ Jeff rubbed his jaw and stared at her. ‘You know those people aren’t your friends, they just feed off you. Why protect them?’
‘A familiar stranger that continues to offer friendly advice and free things is not someone that I readily trust.’
‘You need to trust someone in life or you will be all alone. Standing over bodies and wondering why they won’t talk back.’
‘Trust is earned, only a fool would trust someone when they can only see one of their faces.’ She jeered. ‘Not sure what you tried to do to “help” them but I am sure that it benefited you first and foremost.’
‘Clever girl. I don’t remember ever meeting you yet you see my true face. You see the liar, hypocrite, the devious plan. They hide their face to the weak and flaunt themselves to the strong.’ He giggled as if he was getting high off his words. ‘Demoralizing and degrading for one purpose only. The purpose?’
‘Chaos. Drama. To spin a mind, to contort a truth, to have no peace from a steady fear that continues to smash into a fragile mind.’
‘Daring them to confront or conform.’ He inhaled. ‘Both are equally as intoxicating.’
‘I don’t run, I don’t obey.’
‘Without us you would be so bland. There would be no challenge, no excitement. What would you do? Sit at home and pine?’
Zoe straightened her back and prepared for a fight.
‘Thanks to us you never had a home, and you are not stable. Now what will you do?’ He smirked as he glanced at his watch. ‘I have to go now, bye.’
‘What the?’ She stared at him as he left. Bewildered and agitated she stumbled back over to the cave and looked into the darkness. She did not want anymore surprise visits. Her fingertips searched for the watch and clip. As soon as she found them, she tossed them into the cave.
It took a while for her eyes to adjust but when they did she saw a ghost. Lipowski’s weak form was floating towards her.
‘Get me out of here,’ her normally commanding tone was weak and fragile.
‘You knew it would all come down to this, yet somehow you weren’t prepared.’ Zoe taunted as she enjoyed every moment, her eyes barely left Lipowski’s. ‘Don’t tell me this is how you wanted it to go? Otherwise someone got one over on you.’
‘Shut up.’
‘Witty,’ her eyes flashed. ‘How could this happen? You are oh so smart, there’s no way someone could outfox and thoroughly trounce you.’
‘I should’ve just killed you when I had the chance.’
‘Yes you should’ve.’ Zoe pushed the code into the key pad. As the mechanism started to whirl, she balanced on her tiptoes so she could see the fear on Lipowski’s face.
‘No,’ Lipowski’s faint protests were inaudible against the might of the mechanism.
Zoe smiled as the door slammed shut.
‘Eight, two, zero,’ Alexander screamed as he violently jerked up from the ground.
‘It’s okay shh, your safe now.’ Zoe rushed forward and forced him back down to the ground.
‘Kershaw.’ His lips trembled.
‘She didn’t make it.’ Zoe swallowed back the lump in her throat. It was not the first time she had killed but somehow it was the worst.



12



The water level was rising just like the fear inside Lipowski. It was overwhelming. She was finding it harder to stay awake, her eyelids felt so heavy and strangely dry. Even though she was floating, her limbs were also starting to feel just as heavy. The situation was hopeless, even if she could reach the panel she did not know the code. Perry had changed them all. Now she knew why the code was almost rejected when she first entered the cave. He had purposely trapped her in. She did not have the energy to curse him, she could not even feel her feet. The red jeans clung onto her skin. They were so heavy. It made her legs feel like they had turned into lead.
Her skin felt electrified. The betrayal from Zoe hurt, but she was full of conflicting feelings. She was overwhelmed with a sense of delight at her accomplishment. When Zoe ran away, there was still a fragment of humanity left in her. But this time she had done the unthinkable, the last look she had given had been the one Lipowski had waited years to see. Now there was nothing left, Lipowski’s extreme joy was replaced with a pervasive frigidity that made its way into her bones.
‘You look sad,’ Harper’s breath felt warm. ‘Didn’t you just succeed where many had failed? Wasn’t this moment the accumulation of your life’s work? Shouldn’t you be content? Wasn’t this what you want?’
Lipowski tried to speak. There was no way to communicate, she did not have the strength to lift her head let alone nod it.
‘Alexander, Kershaw, Zero. They are all undeniably average but still they have one thing that you will never have…’ Harper’s hands were warm. ‘Humanity. Tell me how could you lose such a thing?’
‘Don’t die,’ Lipowski swallowed her tongue as she tried to control her words. ‘Ccc can’t control it.’
‘Well I could save you.’
Lipowski’s arms trembled as she tried to find Harper’s hand but she was so far away.
‘Doesn’t mean I will,’ Harper laughed. ‘I’ll give you a choice. A choice you made us make many a time. I can save you now and torture you to death at a later date or I can leave you to drown, which one?’
‘Save.’
‘Why?’
‘B b brr,’ she shivered. The dress was dragging her down but she did not have the energy to get rid of it. Everything seemed to be attacking her at once.
‘Ba ba baby,’ Harper mocked.
She tried to cling to the cave walls. Her fingers were so numb that they just slid down. Even though it was piercing through her skin, she could not feel anything. The world was starting to leave her.
‘You just told me what you fear and it isn’t life, it isn’t torture. Lack of control,’ Harper’s crooked smile appeared. ‘Death. I never would’ve guessed that.’
‘P plea,’ her mouth started to go numb. She had never existed without her intelligence. It felt like she was floating without it, like she was finally free from overthinking everything.
‘Why delay the inevitable? And why fear it? Mm, you really are an enigma.’
Her eyes rolled back as a shiver shook her whole body. She trusted the warped stranger. They seemed to be quite ethereal.
‘What a beautiful sight that only my eyes get to behold,’ Harper whispered.
The words scratched around in Lipowski’s brain until her body shut down. She felt nothing as the light engulfed her.



13



The strange woman was staring at Alexander’s bruised flesh. She was making him uncomfortable. Even though the white washed hair and wrinkled forehead were foreign, there was something oddly unsettling and familiar about her features and presence. The dull dress made her look frumpy and old but she was young. A fact that the makeup could not hide. It made him suspicious. If she was willingly to lie about something so small, he wondered what else she was lying about.
‘Huh?’ His head was pounding, his world was spinning, he was spacing out. As the somnolent feeling threaded through his veins it delayed his response. It felt like his mind was drowning in mud. He felt strangely docile and subservient. If she asked for anything in that moment he would give it to her.
‘I’m,’ she paused as if she had forgotten her own name. ‘One, your new boss. My ascetic life should be an example to you all. This case is more important than food, sleep or water. You’re both on this until it’s solved.’
He tried to stop the ringing in his ears but it persisted. Even with his fingers digging into his ears, the noise would not stop. It was driving him crazy and pulling his attention away from where it needed to be.
‘No rest. The eminent Braxton Barker was killed and dragged off. You need to find his body or we will all be in trouble,’ her lips twitched as if she was trying to suppress a smile. ‘He was the last survivor in the leadership massacre of twenty eight.’
‘Twenty eight people died or the year?’ Zoe queried.
‘Obviously the year,’ she rolled her eyes and smirked. ‘About a thousand died, I mean they’re hardly going to call it a massacre around here unless at least nine hundred and ninety nine people die.’
‘Was it Raven?’
‘You’re asking a lot of questions, you already know, everyone does.’
‘The blame is on Delaney, and Raven aka Cat Novak.’
‘Raven killed Barker.’ Alexander pointed to the shoe print. ‘There’s your evidence.’
‘A shoe print? That could be anyones.’
‘No it’s yours.’ He glanced down at her neon shoes then towards their bare feet. His head was throbbing, his limbs were sluggish. There was an intrusive somnolence that descended onto him and made even the smallest of tasks impossible to complete.
‘Ah, an oversight on my part.’ She bit her lips and hid one of the shoes behind the other. ‘The intricate delicacies of deceit are hard to master.’
‘Did you think I wouldn’t recognize you? Why are you still wearing his shoes? Perhaps you should’ve changed or done something different with your demonic eyes.’ He cradled his head but the dizziness would not subside. ‘You know brown isn’t your colour.’
‘Childish.’
‘Are you on automatic or is this just part of your nature? Your default setting.’ He shook his head as he tried to fathom the depths of her depravity. The movement almost made him collapse, a deadly mix of fatigue, dizziness and slow cognitive function was overwhelming his senses.
‘We need to work with her,’ Zoe snapped. ‘Perry’s in charge here, he hates her and everyone here wants her dead. She has no one else, she is the perfect ally.’
‘Actually that makes her more dangerous. There is no telling what she will do or who she will hurt just to survive. Besides she’s a viper that will attack you with no warning, you want to work with that?’ He smiled but he was not amused. ‘I’d rather take my chances.’
‘Viper?’ Raven’s brown contacts almost fell out as her eyes flashed at him. ‘You flatter me.’
Zoe gagged. ‘Come on, we know nothing about this place, I don’t like her ahem it either but we need her.’
‘Wait a minute what’s wrong with my disguise?’ Raven only seemed hurt by his insults. ‘Only have my traveling kit with me tucked into a pocket. He dressed me in the same dress as One, the job was half-done.’
‘As if he predicted your every move,’ Zoe mumbled.
‘Nothing, I just know you too well. It should hold up with the rest of them.’ He looked her up and down. ‘Or maybe not. You are missing a clip from your hair. She would never take it out.’
‘I didn’t want to wear that garish thing. Even I need to have some dignity.’ She grinned like a cheesy salesman, they knew she wanted something from them. ‘How did you know about the piggy clip?’
‘Didn’t but all the women had one, Lipowski included. I was given a watch and this horrible outfit, oh,’ he looked down and frowned. ‘It changed.’
‘Just give it up.’
‘Fine. Instead of finding the murderer, which is me,’ Raven looked sheepish. ‘I need you to create one mellow fellow.’
‘Lipowski?’
‘Create one. Who do you think we are? And Zo,’ he scratched his head; he was baffled by her naivety, ‘you know she’ll never stand for that!’
Zoe walked over to the wall. Her slender fingers danced over the key pad.
‘How did you know the code?’ He was starting to doubt her allegiances, unconsciously he backed away from her.
‘You talk in your sleep mumble tumble,’ she raised her eyebrows and shook her head. ‘How can you doubt me like that?’
He stumbled forward but the damage was already done.
As she leant against the rock face, a body tumbled out and hit the ground with a splat.
‘What the hell?’ He jumped back. The delayed reaction was embarrassing but he no longer had full control over his own body.
‘Lipowski you aren’t under duress. Are you okay with us using you as the murderer?’ Zoe crouched down and moved towards the body. ‘Yeah, she’s okay with it.’
He stared into her eyes and saw someone he did not recognize. Her eye colour had always reminded him of honey but now it looked dark, distant, unfamiliar. For once her hair was not stylized. It was fuzzy with two distinct colours, one diamond blonde and the other dark burgundy.
‘Savage,’ Raven chuckled. ‘I’m actually impressed, words I never thought I would say not to you anyway.’
‘Can’t take all the credit, I could’ve done it sooner but it just didn’t feel right.’
‘Why because neglect is easier than action or because you would feel guilty? Or maybe because she molded you from a form that was useless into an even more worthless piece.’ Raven’s voice wavered as Alexander pushed her away. ‘Ouch.’
‘Leave.’
‘Where can I go it—’ She squeaked as he viciously threw her to the ground.
The movement surprised them all. Normally he was even-tempered and only verbally confrontational. The buzzing subsided. He wondered what had possessed him. Immediately he felt lethargic and stupid.
‘Wow never seen that reaction before, little tip,’ she scrambled to her feet and adjusted her clothes. ‘When you hear that noise again, run. It really isn’t a, shall we say device? That you should mess with. You seem particularly vulnerable to its whispers. Nice turn of phrase, don’t you think?’
‘Sorry,’ he reached out to her.
‘No harm done. My first success really, I created that one. Didn’t think it worked and on someone so difficult to control too. I’m giddy. But this environment is really killing my euphoria. Contrived and hapless citizens plotting our demise. The animosity between us is nothing in comparison.’ She modulated her voice as she sprinted away. ‘There are certain things that can be done without me but some that can’t.’
Zoe grabbed his arm and spun him towards her. ‘Don’t look.’
‘What?’
‘I think they are watching us. The town looks abandoned but I’m sure I just saw movement.’
‘Zoe, I didn’t mean to—’
‘It’s okay, I’ve been doing some really weird things lately too. They’re improving. Once they’re done, we’re doomed. There’ll be no way to resist them.’
‘I’m scared,’ Alexander whispered as daggers of pain danced around his brain. ‘Never thought I would lose control of myself but lately I feel myself slipping away. I’m frightened that it may happen one time too many and I’ll never be able to find my way back.’
She pulled him close, her voice was so low that he had to strain his ears to hear her. ‘I feel it too.’
‘Don’t want to act the way they want me too.’ His lip trembled; he was having trouble discerning her emotions. ‘I don’t want to be used by them. Matters pertaining to dissent are strongly punished, no exemption. They’re practicing, studying our response but they won’t always be. Soon they will be coming for us. For real.’
‘We will fight to our last breath and if our bodies are used against our will,’ she hugged him tight, he held his hands up. ‘Rest assured that our hearts, minds and souls never will.’
He did not want to touch her. At first he thought it was because he feared that he might hurt her or vice versa. But the more she clung onto him, the more he realised he just wanted to be left alone.
She tucked his hair behind his ear and whispered. The words clump together and lodge themselves in his cochlea.
‘Oh I see, joke’s on me.’



14



Alexander stared at the frosted temples of the man that rejected, tortured and disappointed him. It was confounding his tired mind that he was considering working with such a cowardice and duplicitous snake. When he looked into Perry’s eyes he saw a map of the world: ragged and layered, colourful but dangerous. Perry was still wearing the baggy black suit. On closer inspection there were white scribbles on it. Alexander squinted. It looked like it was one word repeated over and over again. He thought he was hallucinating, he was sure it said Alexander.
‘Zoe killed Kershaw,’ he attempted to contain his true emotions. ‘Pulled me close, whispered in my ear, she snapped her neck then blamed it…’
‘On you?’ Perry scoffed.
‘No on the water.’ He flinched as he tried to block out the ringing in his ears. His fingers dug around in his earlobes. The sound refused to fade just like the headache and dizziness that would not budge.
Perry smirked.
‘You don’t seem surprised,’ Alexander analysed Perry’s every move. Even though his brain was fighting the action every step of the way. As if it was performing at zero capacity.
‘Shocked by the method not the intent.’
‘You know it matched Raven’s method when she killed Braxton Barker, and One.’ Alexander tried to focus on his words but the world was starting to spin away from him until just observing was taking up too much energy. ‘Did it?’
‘I know everything,’ Perry turned his screen around. There were multiple angles of Zoe closing the door on Lipowski.
Alexander cringed. His empathy was electrifying his veins as the water level accelerated. Zoe’s face did not change throughout.
‘Why so squeamish? You can’t be shocked by it all.’
‘Appalled by the action not surprised by the tool used to make her suffer.’
‘Right because of the “accident” in her laboratory. She was deathly afraid of dark, damp and cold spaces.’ Perry smirked. ‘But then again so are you. Sometimes when you lose something, it is gone and you can’t get it back like nerve cells, they can’t be restored.’
‘There are many ways to reduce someone’s brain function but with you, you can’t tell either way so why would you care?’
‘Ouch. Are you insinuating that I’m stupid either way?’
‘I’m not scared of the dark anymore, I’m fine.’
‘Of course you are.’ Perry laughed. ‘Terger, did you notice the taste? Water ain’t what it used to be but nothing is anymore.’
‘Lived there my entire life why would I notice anything?’
‘We changed the recipe, guess your tastebuds really have been annihilated by our sludge.’
‘And now?’
‘Corruption.’
‘I’ve noticed everything’s fake, from the grass to the trees—’
‘And that means?’ Perry cupped his hand and placed an origami person in it.
‘You control the air.’
‘I control the mind, so yeah everyone and everything.’ Perry balled up his fist and crushed it. ‘Just look at your clothes if you need an example. You don’t have choices, you are put where you are placed.’
‘What do you want?’
‘I want you to know that I know about Zoe, Lipowski, Raven. That I see everything. I allowed it to continue or I shut it down. Your fate is in my hands, mercy or punishment will come from me.’



15



Alexander scanned the crowd. The group seemed to share similar features. It looked like they were all related. He tried not to stare at their imperfections. If he had to guess he would say there had been some inbreeding at some point. He tried not to be degrading to them. But the only way he could tell them apart was calling them by their afflictions in his head. One of them was coated in darkness, there was a hint of marred skin underneath heavy clothing but the person was hiding behind the others. He was intrigued by the stranger’s actions and reactions.
‘Why are they here?’ The man’s aggressive gaze was his only acknowledge of them; even the hairs that coated his skin seemed to be pointing away from them. ‘Seeing their faces is jarring.’
Darren’s chipmunk cheeks bobbed up and down as he huffed. It was just as Kershaw described. Alexander looked away. It hurt his heart too much to see her colleague but not her. His eyes skimmed over the crowd the first three people did not concern him: the one that hid was playing a different game, Darren’s personality was so insipid that he would never directly challenge them and the aggressive one was all talk.
One of them caught his eye, a simmering frustrating was seeping out of the man. It looked like he might explode at any moment and for any reason. His fringe matched his hairline but that was the only straight thing about him. An ominous and disingenuous atmosphere surrounded him. His long and slender face was suddenly blank as if he could sense he was being studied.
‘Don’t worry they won’t last long,’ a cross-eyed man stepped forward and hissed. Alexander glanced at the stranger but dismissed him.
A mountainous man motioned to all of them and they immediately backed off. There was a sense of authority around him but he was yet to speak.
‘Where’s One?’ The man’s jaw was so crooked he had to speak out of one side of his mouth, the other side was clenched together. It looked like he had a permanent grimace.
‘When’s the last time you saw her?’ Alexander blinked as he tried to refocus on the man. ‘What do you need her for?’
‘She is not where she should be and neither are you.’ The detectives shuffled around as if they were uncomfortable in their own skin.
‘We’re sorry to alarm you but this confrontation was never meant to take place. I’m Fry. We are the predators you are the food.’ Fry held his hands up, one eye was on his wrist while the other was gauging Alexander’s reaction. ‘Please tell us the truth.’
‘I’m sorry she was killed by the tenacious Lipowski,’ Zoe glanced at Alexander but he looked away. The rejecting reaction was stupid. It would put a further strain on their already tentative relationship. He did not care. As far as he was concerning, they were all his enemies.
‘Please accepted our condolences,’ the sweet words were tainted by Raven’s harsh tone.
Alexander was not surprised by Raven’s adaptability, he could already see her in his peripheral vision. But her chosen disguise was making his blood boil. He wondered if he could hold in his rage as he stared at her blonde hair and speckled skin. The red tunic and black biker shorts looked horrible on her frumpy figure. He bit his tongue as he resisted the urge to tell her what he really thought.
‘It was a horrible sight, Lipowski killed One, Raven killed Braxton Barker then they faced off. Raven was killed, thankfully Zoe saved us and killed Lipowski.’
‘We don’t believe you.’ Fry spoke for them all.
Alexander was puzzled. They had all been staring a hole through Raven yet Darren did not mention that it was not Kershaw. He had worked so closely with Kershaw that she had been able to recognize him from quite a distance. A feat that Darren could not replicate when he was inches away.
‘It was awful wasn’t it brother?’ Raven’s smirk enraged Alexander. It was so quick that they had missed it but he knew it was coming.
‘Perry has it all on camera,’ Alexander repressed his smile as Zoe’s face went pale. ‘There’s nothing wrong with your eyesight is there?’
Even though he had backed Raven up, she balled her fists and scowled at him as if he had just sealed her doom.
‘Of course not,’ Darren snapped. ‘And why are looking directly at me when you say that?!’
‘No reason.’
‘Turn your face away from mine.’
‘We don’t want to relive such a horrible time,’ Zoe said through gritted teeth as she tugged on Alexander’s shirt but he refused to move. ‘Why don’t we just go.’
‘Perry’s the boss, if he said it, it must be true. I’m One now,’ one of Fry’s eyes looked saddened by his promotion, the other was directed at them and glinting with malice. ‘This is Two, Three, Four, Five, Eight, Ten.’
The narrow-faced man stepped forward, ‘Five has a name and it’s Rex. Don’t look down on me. Are you looking down on me? Don’t.’
‘No.’
‘I think you are.’
‘Yeah,’ Raven smirked. ‘We are. It is promotion time, everyone moves up, move up move up one place.’
‘Shut up Raven,’ Darren rolled his eyes.
Alexander’s jaw almost fell to the floor, no one reacted to the revelation as if they already knew or did not care either way.
‘Ten scars snaggletooth calls herself Harper, Eight aggressive hairy pig nose Harry, Five narrow bowl my name is Rex,’ she mimicked Rex’s low-pitched voice; the brassy sound was in a mocking tone. ‘Four chipmunk chubby cheeks cantankerous c—’
‘That’s not their names, with the exception of Harper. Lipowski’s Terger rats like to look down on us.’ Darren stared at Raven and shook his head. ‘One in particular.’
‘I’m not finished. Three crooked jaw Joe, Two bulky Bill, One wonky eye Fry.’ She curtsied. ‘Now I’m finished, what was it that you wanted to say?’
Alexander’s heart started to race. The possibility of Raven being attacked made every hair stand on end. It was slightly sickening how much he wanted it to happen.
‘They refuse to use our numbers,’ Harry snorted. ‘As if they are any better than us. I hope for your sake, you don’t follow suit.’
Raven’s eyes shone with malice but she remained strangely silent. He noticed she was holding a lot of tension in her jaw. It was as if she was biting down on her tongue. He could almost see the blood leaking out. The sight of her in discomfort made him giddy.
‘Thank you,’ Zoe nodded her head in both of their directions.
‘We are so sorry for your loss,’ Alexander added. ‘And thank you so much for your help.’
Their fake sentiments seemed to be swaying the detectives. But there were still a few of them that looked suspicious.
‘What happened to six, seven and nine?’ Raven looked disturbed by it all.
‘Don’t you know how to count?’ They said in unison. The look of confusion and agitation spread across all of their faces. Raven was the outsider, she was no longer normal. In their eyes her refusal to accept their narrative was instantly isolating. But she was not humiliated by it, she seemed happy to be defined by it.
‘Sorry, she’s confused, had a bump on the head,’ Alexander tried to smooth it over with them. ‘Dragged under the water, she’s tired.’
They did not correct him instead they nodded and shuffled away together.
Raven looked at him like she wanted to kill him. He smirked and shook his head.
‘Can you believe it? In a population of a thousand, they are the ones with the power?’ Zoe repeatedly tapped her palm to her forehead. ‘No this isn’t a nightmare, I can’t wake up from it.’
‘Perry needs someone he can control,’ Raven rubbed her temples. ‘The only thing he values is loyalty, competency is not required. And who better than Lipowski’s failed experiments.’
‘I’d be careful, at anytime your ruse could be exposed.’ Alexander warned. ‘And honestly, I might be the one to do it.’
‘There’s always one,’ she snickered.
‘You’re repulsive.’ He looked her up and down. ‘If one of them cared about Kershaw they would’ve killed you on the spot.’
‘The disguise isn’t that bad.’
‘But your insides are.’
‘They did her wrong,’ Zoe’s voice was raspy. ‘Now he doesn’t care about anyone.’
A strange noise interrupted their argument. Darkness crept over them. His heart skipped a beat as the unexpected movement unhinged him. A clear plastic sheet had covered their heads. It was an odd setup. Yet he was more intrigued than frightened by the sudden confinement.
They looked at each other and scattered. There was nowhere to hide but they all dove for the same house. Raven and Zoe went straight inside but he did not want to invade the person’s house. He hesitated and decided to stay outside.
There was a door hovering in the middle of nowhere. Suddenly a figure came out of it.
In the low light, he could see that the plastic sheet was full of scuff marks. There were also a few tiny fractures near the base of the cliff. He wondered what would cause such wear and tear.
It was ridiculous to hid behind the side of house but somehow he managed to stay hidden as the person walked almost straight over his head.
The slender figure had stumpy hands and short hair. His eyes followed the stranger. It clipped onto a rope and hoisted itself up to the highest point that was accessible. He was surprised by the movement. There was a giant barrier that blocked them from reaching Terger, essentially there was nowhere to go. The whirling noise started up again as the shadow receded.
A snapping sound made his head jerk back towards the cliff. He saw the coiled rope unwind and slap against the rock face.
Without thinking he moved towards the stranger as if he could help them. He stopped and dived back behind the house. His heart fluttered as he mentally chastised himself for doing something so reckless. As soon as his heartbeat returned to normal, he glanced back.
The stranger moved down the cliff like a spider. He was captivated by the movement.
Zoe poked her head out of the house, ‘I’m about to kill Raven, where the hell are you?’
His feet left the ground as he jumped away from her.
‘What?’
‘Shh,’ he said in hushed tones but he could not take his eyes off the stranger as it scuttled down. His headache was starting to fade or perhaps he could no longer recognize its bite.
The stranger jumped the last few feet and rolled out of the impact.
‘Hmm,’ Zoe’s eyes sparkled. ‘It looks like there’s a flap were the rope is stored underground. Why is it that everything belongs six feet under in this town?’
His head felt heavy.
‘Oi,’ she slapped his head. ‘You know what would be fun? Disrupt the circus. Why don’t we sabotage the rope?’



16



Alexander sprinted towards the blue haze but his feet continued to slide. The ground was moving faster than he ever could. His heaving chest could not take any more punishment, he tumbled backwards. The impact made his lungs burn. Xaoh was a disgusting place. It was as if his body knew he was living in a counterfeit world and hated him for it. Every moment he stayed there, was a moment he could feel the last ebb of life fade from his body. He had never been so exhausted in his life. Yet there was no way to recover from such a draining experience.
The ground was flat as far as the eye could see but for some reason he was looking at a very bumpy ground. He wondered if he was losing touch with reality. His shaking legs could not stand so he rolled towards the peculiar anomaly in the turf.
‘Hello,’ a squeaky voice called out to him.
‘Eek,’ he jumped up from the ground and turned towards the voice.
‘I’m Peyton.’ Her wavy blonde hair and crystal blue eyes reminded him of his sister. It made him feel instantly at ease and apprehensive at the same time. Her fingers were meaty, her arms stocky.
‘Alex.’
‘Welcome to Xaoh. Sometimes I climb the cliff, up to that anchor point poking out at the top. That’s as far as you can go. There’s no other way to escape, you’ll just hurt yourself if you keep on trying.’
‘Oh.’ He studied her face, unsure if her words were a warning or a threat. The way she spoke was suspicious, her desperation to form a bond with him made no sense. His guard went up. It was too easy to gain her trust, she was not foolish or naive.
‘Lived here my whole life. Never found a way out.’ She did not seem like the type that would waste her words. Yet the honest and earnest way she shared information confused him. Her moves were too calculated.
‘Trust me Terger is no way out.’
‘Right. The tunnel in the cave that’s where you and your friends came from. Believe me,’ she bit her lips. ‘I know about Terger. It’s worse than here and I never thought that was possible.’
‘How do you…’
‘When I climb, I’m not trying to reach Terger. I’m climbing to be free.’
‘Free?’
‘Of the mundane reality that these people cling too. I prefer to cling onto the rock, my fingertips and toes are the only contact I have with life. At any moment I could give up, I could make a mistake, I might fall. It’s the only way to feel something. Everything else has been taken away from us. I can’t feel…’
‘Sorry I didn’t mean to pry.’ The apology escaped his lips before his brain had a chance to stop it. ‘I just…’
‘No I’m sorry I got too personal too soon, I just… you seem real. It’s rare to find someone who is so alive.’
‘Ha,’ he covered his mouth. ‘Sorry I just I feel dead inside. I’m so surprised by your words.’
‘Misunderstood, punished for being you and when someone sees you, knows you, when you don’t have to apologise for being yourself.’ She whispered, ‘It’s beautiful. Don’t you think?’
He smiled.
‘The bodies are under the fake turf.’ She paused. ‘They were from Terger. I’m sorry but they were viciously murdered.’
Alexander looked towards the bumpy green surface just as Peyton pulled off the cover. The sight made him recoil in disgust. He gasped as he recognised the remains of Terger’s citizens. The knife wounds were particularly brutal.
‘They were bound up and ready for Erase but someone took matters into their own hands. You have the experience with this…’ She glanced around and quickly covered it back up. ‘Sort of thing.’
‘I did notice One to Ten, that group of detectives. They had small cuts on their hands.’
Peyton’s face contorted, her reaction was contrived.
‘Sometimes the ferocity of the attack leaves marks on the attackers. The weapon can slip, as with most things in life your actions come back for you.’ His forehead crinkled. ‘Were you supposed to show me this?’
‘No,’ she mumbled. ‘I’m not even supposed to be outside.’
He looked into her eyes.
‘Curfew, we’re not important. We have less freedom than the detectives. I do most of my climbs at night.’
‘Is that right?’
‘Saw you by the crimson house, stay away from it.’
‘Don’t risk your life for me.’
‘Not much of a risk, not much of a life.’
‘You don’t—’
‘I have no one, I am no one. Don’t exist, no one cares, it’s nothing new. We are all replaceable, barely there in body and mind.’
Alexander froze, something about her words and actions seemed disingenuous. Normally he would get the chills when he empathised with someone’s situation especially when they felt the same way he did. Instead of triggering his emotions, she had peaked his suspicion.
The silence was uncomfortable, she looked at him as if she was expecting some words of comfort or a squeeze of the shoulder.
‘It’s been a long day, I’m exhausted.’
Her blank stare made him shiver.
‘Is there any place I could go and rest?’
‘Rest?’
‘Sleep, relax.’
‘You can close your eyes in there.’
‘Thank you,’ he almost sprinted to the house just to get away from her.
The houses all looked alike but before he walked in he saw a flash of green. It looked like it was a mistake, like someone had accidentally flicked a speck of paint on it. There was no way it could have been an accident, there was nothing that had been painted that colour or any colour for that matter. Everything had a purpose. No matter how small the detail, everything was there for a reason and everything had a place just like everyone.
He ignored the anomaly and curled up on the dirt floor. The house was bland and devoid of anything. It was sheltered which was more than could be said for most of the places he had been forced to exist in.
For some reason the word shake kept repeating in his head. It was confusing him, all he wanted to do was relax. The voice became louder and louder as it screeched in his ears. He jolted forward.
His arm was aching. Somehow it had ended up underneath his head. His knuckles were a soft pink colour. He tried to shake it awake but it was not the only thing that refused to wake up. His head was so heavy. It was almost like his body belonged to someone else. He felt depleted.
As he tried to remove the fog around his head, he realised that he had fallen into a deep sleep. It felt like no time had past, he could not remember dreaming of anything. In fact he felt worse, like the sleep had exhausted him instead of refreshing him.
The confusion made his head spin. His neck was sending a lighting bolt up into his brain. The lack of sleep made his eyes droop again. He nestled into his arms as he tried to distribute the weight of his head between them. One of his legs automatically tucked into the other. He was trying to create a safe and comfortable environment while ignoring the cold and bumpy surface beneath him.
This time he did not fall asleep straight away. Instead he flipped and flopped around in the dirt. The frustration made his eyes flitter.
He lifted his head and stared at the flimsy structure. Somehow it had shifted to become even more uncomfortable than when he had first entered.
Bewildered by the change in atmosphere, he stumbled out of the structure and dove into another. His vision was limited. Somehow he managed to find his way through the haze and away from the uncomfortable house.
He patted the ground like a cat kneading its bed. This time he curled into a ball and close his weary eyelids. Suddenly he was being dragged out by his ankles. He tried to spin or kick the attacker but his tired limbs refused to move.
‘Are you crazy?’ The voice thundered.
‘Do you want me to be?’ He said drily. ‘If not then let me sleepy sleep.’
‘You’ll be a Popsicle if you sleep in there.’
‘What?’ His eyes flew open as his energy returned.
There was a deep crevasse in the middle Peyton’s forehead.
His breath was visible but the town was just as bright and warm as when he entered the house.
‘This environment is artificial, there isn’t a night. Why would that be?’
‘I thought you said you climb at night?’ The fog over his mind was starting to clear. His eyes flickered over to her as he checked her reaction to his words.
‘Figure of speech, they dim the lights when the door to Erase opens. They like their privacy I guess.’ Peyton shook her head. ‘You can’t sleep for more than thirty minutes or the house will contort into an inhospitable environment until your mind’s survival instincts kick in. It keeps you awake because if you go to sleep in that environment, you’ll die.’
‘That’s insane.’
‘Don’t go into the houses with red it’s a trap, yellow you’ll freeze to death. Erase can use your body either way. It’s a win win for them but not for you.’
‘How long have you been putting up with this?’
‘We don’t know any different, what do you expect us to do?’
‘Fight against it!’
She grabbed his shoulder and pulled him up, he cringed.
The unexpected touch made he want to flee. His heart was in his mouth. She was standing too close, holding on for too long. The situation was frightening for all the wrong reasons.
‘How dare you come into our environment and criticize us? You and yours look down on us but we are still alive. And you’ve been wiped out for decades, they just decided to finally dispose of your corpses. Why would we listen to you? You’re all dead.’
‘At least we were alive, you’re not even human anymore.’
‘The arrogance of you and your…’ She squinted at him as if she was gauging whether or not he would be offended. ‘Feeble pathetic human companions.’
‘Are we not the same species? The differences between us exist in your mind only. We’ve all been taken for a ride.’ He bounced his legs up and down until she let go of him. ‘I can admit it, can you? There’s nothing special about you, nothing omnipotent, you’re just a liar. Not even a good one.’
Her smirk was disturbing.
Suddenly he realised that Kershaw was gone and she was never coming back. It took his breath away. The reminder hit him like a ton of bricks as he stare at someone that was totally devoid of life.
‘What’s wrong?’ Her fake concern was grating on his last nerve.
Staring at someone who looked so similar but had no real emotions, was like listening to a cheap substitute. Nothing about it sounded right. It only made him miss Kershaw even more. He glanced up at the fake sky and almost screamed at it. Selfishly he wanted to swap places with her. No matter where she was, he would rather be there instead of stuck with a pit in his stomach.
Every second he was looking for her, he wanted to know what she would say, and how she would feel. More than that he wanted to look over and see her. Every minute was spent in agony at the knowledge that she would never be beside him again. They had spent almost every waking moment together and now they would never spend a moment more.
‘We’ve all had to make sacrifices for them, for this.’ Peyton waved her hand around as if their artificial prison actually mattered.
The emotion he felt came from the words but not from the person saying them. She was so cold and lifeless. He wondered why it took him so long to see something that was so blatantly obvious.
There was an underlying falseness to everything she did as if she could not comprehend the meaning of the word genuine. It made him worry for his future. If he could not trust himself to make the right decisions then he would find himself in more trouble than he had ever been in before. It was time to stop being naive and start seeing people for who they really were, and not be fooled into seeing them as the character they tried to play.
A man appeared and preceded to talk so fast that he forgot to swallow and breathe. He gasped and gurgled as soon as he was finished.
‘This is Alexander, Stuart.’ Peyton introduced them but the bald man just stared at him.
The dull eyes were not framed with eyebrows. It made him look evil, his crooked eyes were not helping the situation. Alexander could not tell what he was looking at.
‘You know he shaves his hair off every day.’
‘Why?’
‘An order and it is within your best interests to follow those. One day I had some whiskers poking out of my chin and was stuck in the red house for a week like a washing machine on a slow spin I was covered in puke use it as a lubricant when they threw the razor in I didn’t care if I cut off my—’
‘Wow,’ his jaw dropped. ‘I don’t care about anything anymore.’
‘Ears I shaved myself head to toe that day spinning round.’ Stuart gasped. ‘It’s not atrocious, sleeping for thirty minutes, in time it becomes all you know and then you can’t sleep any longer than that, it’s all you need really because it’s accumulative—’
‘Take a breath. It’s okay we’re not going anywhere,’ Alexander’s smooth tone had a calming effect on both of them. ‘Take your time.’
Stuart’s face started to go red without his words, he was quite shy.
‘Quirky fellow,’ she smiled and stroked Stuart’s cheek. ‘Tone it down with strangers though.’
‘I know more about him than I do about you, I’d say we aren’t strangers now.’ Alexander smiled as he saw Stuart’s mouth twitch up and her lips turn down.
‘Knowing is believing.’
‘Indeed.’ She nodded.
Alexander groaned. There was no way out of the current situation. Every second he stayed around her made his skin crawl. He glanced at her, and wondered how he was suppose to act around her. It felt awkward. Somehow he knew it was always going to be, he hoped that they would not have to interact much in the future.
‘There’s no telling what’s going to come out of your mouth,’ she pressed her hands against Stuart’s face as she restricted his movements and muffled his voice.
‘Distorted thoughts,’ Alexander mumbled. ‘Negative words, destructive behaviour.’
‘Huh?’
‘When’s the last time you felt the breeze pushing your hair over your face, tickling your cheek?’
‘Up there,’ she pointed to the top of the cliff. ‘Where the air is fresh and no one can hear you scream.’
‘How do you have the energy to climb?’
‘A mixture of adrenaline and vitamins that is given only to me. Also I spend the nightmare in Perry’s little palace.’ She looked him up and down. ‘You are so nosy.’
‘Nightmare?’
‘You’ve met him, I didn’t use a word that wasn’t true.’
‘I must say, you do look familiar,’ Alexander crumpled his brow and stared at Stuart.
‘Does he? I can’t imagine why he would. You’ve never been here before, have you?’
‘No, I didn’t know anywhere else existed outside of their constructed reality.’
‘Must go,’ Stuart spun and dashed away.
‘Something I said?’
‘You are very intimidating,’ her eyes slowly wandered around his body before they locked onto his eyes. ‘Has anyone ever told you how special you are? No not special, rare. Most yearn for the contentment you feel when you are alone.’
He shivered. The unwanted attention was making him feel uncomfortable.
‘Of course not, you would rather just fade into the background. But you won’t just stand there.’
‘How long have you been watching me?’
‘I can’t see you, I don’t know you,’ she tapped her chest with two fingers then smiled. ‘But I can feel you.’
It was a flimsy lie. He did not know what she wanted, he just knew that she wanted something. Instead of responding, he stared through her. It was so quiet that he could hear her mouth noises.
‘I’m endeavoring not to be, shall we say uncouth but that doesn’t mean much especially to you I guess,’ she was flippant.
Alexander was stoic.
She curled her lip, she seemed annoyed by his lack of reaction.
‘Not peculiar.’
‘This world will chew you up,’ she brushed her hand under his chin and tugged on his earlobe. ‘Do yourself a favour and take the first bite.’



17



Raven rolled her eyes. The body was a foul and odorous irritation. She pinched her nose and looked around. No one came over to her. She leant against the cliff and mulled over her options. There was no way to hide it.
‘What the hell man?’ Zoe’s ferocious scowl entered Raven’s field of vision.
‘Why do you assume I have anything to do with this thing?’ Raven chewed on her tongue and pointed at the object. ‘I’m just chilling.’
‘By a dead body,’ Zoe was exasperated, the response made Raven’s body tingled with glee. ‘Yeah cause that’s a normal reaction. Can’t you stop killing for one second? We need to find a way out of here.’
‘The way out is up there,’ Raven pointed at the sky. ‘But that’s not where wonky eye Fry is going. I can guarantee that.’
‘Crazy b—’
‘A plastic barrier goes over this place and connects to the grooves in the cliff. You need to be above it, then you can walk across it like a bridge and that’s the only way to get out.’
‘Oh, well how do we open it?’
‘We don’t.’ Raven pointed at the body. ‘If we kill enough of their test subjects then they will open up and punish us.’
‘Wait what was that last part again?’ Zoe’s bug eyes were comical.
Raven laughed. ‘No pain no gain deary.’
‘When will it end!’ Zoe placed her head in her hands. Her moans caught the attention of a bulky man that appeared out of nowhere.
‘Bulky Bill? Right? Sometimes you all look so much alike but some of you are defiantly uglier than the rest. Anyway,’ Raven snapped her fingers at the man and pointed towards his brother.
‘Not another One.’ The man shook his head in disbelief.
‘Guess that makes you One,’ Raven laughed at her own joke.
‘What,’ Zoe squeaked and looked at Raven, ‘happened?’
Raven titled her head and smiled. ‘I was about to ask you the same question, weren’t you the one who found him?’
‘We showed up at the same time.’ Zoe grimaced but continued to speak even though they both knew in doing so she was giving them both an alibi. ‘Terrible, was it an accident?’
The man knelt beside his brother. ‘Was it an accident? Accident,’ he repeated the words as if he did not understand their meaning.
‘Could he have fallen off the cliff?’
‘And landed on his knife?’ Raven’s quizzical look made Zoe frown.
‘Oh.’
‘I suppose so.’ The man grabbed the knife and yanked it out before he dragged the body up and pulled it towards some houses. He seemed so unfazed by it all.
‘Well that was easy,’ Raven giggled.
‘Why do you always have to drag me into your bu—’
‘Didn’t you notice the knife?’
‘No I barely noticed the body. When I see you now I ignore the graveyard that surrounds you because that’s what I expect to see.’
‘A risible situation that always seems to follow you.’
Zoe grabbed Raven’s wrist.
‘I’m stunned your friend hasn’t killed you yet,’ Raven smiled, even though the nails were digging so far into her wrist that it was making her bleed.
Zoe swore.
‘Calm down, we’re both murderous scum. And personally I still want to f—’
‘Raven!’
‘—him up. Hey don’t use my real name.’
‘Is that why you wanted that disguise? He loved Kershaw as a sister, a friend and because she was a beautiful person on the inside as well as the outside.’
‘You know,’ Raven laughed as she saw Alexander walking towards them, ‘you don’t have to be so kind with your words just because you killed her with your actions!’
Alexander grabbed Zoe’s shoulder and squeezed. ‘I’m not stupid. She was alive in the cave and dead with you.’
‘Raven could’ve—’
‘Just stop,’ he grabbed her cheeks. ‘Why can’t you look at me?’
Zoe looked into his eyes, tears were forming in them.
‘You’re just as cold and calculating,’ Raven whispered, ‘as me and now he knows it t—’
‘Stop your sniveling,’ his tone was harsh.
Raven was taken aback by his anger as they all trembled for different reasons. The tears were burning her eyes.
‘The world would be so much more bearable without you in it,’ he looked straight into Raven’s eyes. ‘Both of you.’
‘You’re so verbally aggressive. Words cut deeper than a knife and repeat at will.’ She bit her lip before she embarrassed herself by sobbing in front of him. ‘Not your will something else.’
‘It’s the way I was raised, to use physical aggression as a last resort.’
‘Of course as a legacy,’ she said the words to try and calm herself down; the justification was her way of self-soothing. ‘You can’t afford to be maimed or killed. Who would fulfil your role if you weren’t around? Cunning, vicious, smart, what more does your father want for you… from you? You are a creature of his design.’
‘And what’s your excuse?’ Zoe interjected. ‘No one wants you to run a company. So why are you so foul?’
Raven fled towards the nearest house, she could no longer keep her emotions in check. He was so exquisite, addictive yet totally untouchable.
‘Your actions have consequences,’ she berated; she followed so closely behind Raven that she could feel her fetid breath on her neck. ‘Not just for you but for all of us, hey don’t ignore me.’
The house looked slightly different from the other ones, there was a flash of crimson. It was the first time Raven was able to see a bit of personality in the achromatic exterior. She walked into the middle of the house and spun around.
As Zoe stormed in, the door slammed shut.
‘You don’t want to go there with me Zero,’ Raven warned, ‘not today!’
Suddenly Raven’s feet skid on the dust as she was thrown forward before they were both catapulted backwards. It was disorientating and dizzying. As the house shifted in all directions, the floor became the roof which in turn became the side. The insipid nature of the building made it even more confusing. A second later, Zoe landed on her stomach. It forced her mouth open just as the dust flew towards them and coated her teeth in dirt. There was no time to be mad as the house flipped again. The dust flicked up and made it impossible to see anything.
She vomited. It mixed in with the dust and coated her. The gritty mixture was so warm and foul-smelling that she struggled to suppress the rest of it.
They were both stuck in a death trap. She was not comforted with the knowledge that they would die together. Instead she thought about all the people she wanted to suffer before she took her last breath.
An elbow smashed into her jaw, it felt like it displaced. There was suddenly another warm liquid that coated her skin. She shivered against the strange sensation. The house seemed to offer a reprieve as it started to slow down.
Even though she was on the ground, her world was still spinning. She felt relieved that her blood was flowing down her face instead of up her nose. The dust settled back onto the ground. It seemed like the house was only meant to incapacitate not kill.
The quiet was interrupted by a whirling sound as they were again thrown head first into the side. There was a faint yelp in the distance as a darkness started to creep towards her.



18



Alexander massaged his forehead, he was starting to regret his harsh words. They had been gone for a while but he did not want them to return. He kept his back turned away from the house. The distance and silence was not enough to rest his jaded mind.
‘You okay?’ Peyton’s gentle touch made him jump. He was so focused on his thoughts that he had zoned out.
‘I think you’re only terrified because you can’t fathom it,’ he frowned; the words slipped out without his permission. ‘Do you know the way—’
‘Of course. We all do,’ she pointed towards the sky. ‘You don’t want to go there. Close to death or lost the will, that’s where you go.’
‘How?’
‘Climb. Button pressed, sheet of plastic closes, door to Erase.’ This time she summarized the information quickly; it felt more real. ‘Opens.’
‘So Perry controls it.’ He massaged his temples. There were still a million thoughts that were swirling around within him.
‘Good guess. Yeah but he hasn’t been around lately so a couple of people pressed it themselves last week—’
‘So anyone can press the button?’ He interrupted as his curiosity piqued.
‘Yes and no.’
His brow crinkled, he was not sure whether he could trust her. ‘What do you mean?’
‘Yes you can press a button at the base but no they won’t answer it until they verify who you are and what you want.’ She sighed. ‘We transported one of them up in a stretcher, too sick and another because physically they were a bit… of an odd shape. Perry wasn’t around but obviously they wanted them because it was answered fairly quickly. Not as quickly as Perry does but still pretty fast.’
‘Is that why they let you practice because you’re the one who—’
‘Sorry yeah, it’s also my job.’
‘Right.’
‘Trust issues,’ her lips were stuck to her teeth; her mouth was so dry.
‘Yeah I guess people just aren’t what they appear to be.’
‘Everyone has a different side to them, you just need to know how to make that side show itself.’
‘Do you think that works for their good side too.’
‘Meaning?’
‘I keep sitting here, waiting for him to love me but I know he never will.’ Alexander mirrored her behaviour. ‘Perry’s… well he married my mother, they had me and he…’
‘You don’t have to tell me.’ She let her guard down.
‘No, it’s, she died, he loved her but he never loved me. He blamed me for her death. She wanted to save me and it cost her…’ The tears felt so fake that he decided to retain his composure; if he came on too strong she would back off again. ‘Her, well, it, she’s dead because of it.’
‘You hate him because he can’t love you?’
‘No I hate him because I don’t want him too. I hate him because he stole my mother, corrupted our minds and played with us all. Probably killed the only father I’ve ever known. Replace me with this… this!’ His hands blurred as they swept his body before he cradled his head; he checked her reaction. ‘Who is this thing? Where did I go?’
‘Do you want to kill him?’
‘No, I want to live in a world where people like that don’t exist.’
‘I think you should find your friend.’
‘They went into that building.’ He pointed over his shoulder but did not look just in case they were outside staring at him.
‘Which one?’ Peyton’s eyes widened.
‘The closest one I think.’
‘Not the one with crimson paint on the side,’ her voice wavered.
‘Huh? How can you tell they all look the same to me?’ He glanced behind him. ‘Maybe why?’
She sprinted towards the house.
‘What’s wrong?’ He shuffled forward.
The door squeaked as it was wrenched open. Before she dashed inside, she pressed the part that had a slight crimson tinge to it.
His heart skipped a beat. A strong smell was coming from the house.



19



Zoe knelt beside the body and wondered who he was, who he wanted to be and who he would never be. It still made her feel uncomfortable to kill but it had become a necessary evil. One day maybe Alexander would forgive her for who she had become or perhaps who she had always been but she no longer cared what he thought or felt. She was enraged. The way he acted towards Kershaw showed that he valued her more. He did not care about Zoe. It had taken her a while to recognize the emotion and react to it. Now it electrified her veins, she needed vengeance against them all.
‘I was never your anything.’ She cradled her arm and laughed, she felt the man’s presence before she saw him. ‘Now Kershaw will never be there for you again.’
‘When did you become such a wicked soul?’ The voice was deeper than she imagined, it made her doubt his identity.
‘That’s a matter of perception and from my perspective everything is fine.’ Her hair brushed against her cheek. The unexpected touch made her skittish. It confounded her mind. She almost laughed at herself, she would rather be back in Terger bound and gagged than face him with her insecurities bubbling within her.
‘Isn’t this a pleasant surprise. Raven’s well she is,’ Perry stared at the body. ‘Still struggling after the ordeal, this wasn’t her. You on the other hand have not been disturbed by it, on the contrary that tumble has invigorated you.’
Zoe smiled at the thought as she hoped that Raven was somewhere languishing in agony. ‘Someone ripping off my fingernails. Burning alive. Drowning—’
‘Huh?’
‘Things I’d rather be doing instead of talking to you.’
‘That can be arranged,’ he smirked.
‘Need something?’ Her legs were starting to go numb as her whole body started to shake. She could not handle the confrontation.
‘A thank-you wouldn’t go amiss.’ He raised an eyebrow.
‘Thanks for giving me the code to this hell hole. And f—’ Her heartbeat was thundering in her ears. A warm feeling spread over her face but it was not comforting. She knew her face was bright red. The feeling caught her off guard and made her squirm. Everything was spiraling out of control. She had dealt with him before, a hundred different confrontations that almost ended in death. But it would never be the same again, he had seen her fear and it was irrational.
‘What?’
‘—you for putting my life in danger in the first place.’
‘Love compelled me to do it,’ Perry smiled.
‘If that’s love then I want no part of it.’ She felt like he was trying to counter her every move with dirty tactics and psychological manipulation. He was listening intently to her words but there was no connection with the emotional impact of them. Everything was just a sick game.
He bit his bottom lip and smirked. ‘Abuse is more compelling, isn’t it?’
‘Just because you are ruined doesn’t mean that I have to be.’
‘Ruined?’ His mouth twitched. ‘I prefer to think of it as having a personality, or being a riveting person.’
‘Not a functioning member of society.’
‘It depends on the function, either way I’m not going to obey. I want something different, I am someone different.’ He gauged her reaction to his words before he continued. ‘There are many words used to excuse the behaviour or to hide the message. You know.’
‘Abnormalities in structure, crazy,’ she mumbled.
‘Have a fight with a dust cloud?’
‘Very funny,’ she cringed. ‘Alexander’s helping Raven, she was covered in her own vomit and blood.’
‘And?’ His eyes flashed when she omitted the nickname.
‘Thought you’d be happy she was suffering,’ Zoe scratched her hair, clumps of blood had dried strands of it together. ‘Maybe it was your doing? Also thought you’d want to know where Alex was so you could torture him. It seems to be one of the only things that gives you joy.’
‘Back to Alex?’ He rubbed his top lip. ‘Some of the houses are rigged with devices against strangers, like the opposite of a welcome mat.’
‘That’s why they have specks of red on them, noted.’ She screwed up her face. ‘Are you saying you couldn’t stop it?’
‘I’m saying I didn’t even know it was happening. Notice something while you were in there?’
‘Inside was really small.’ She cradled her forehead. ‘It rotated within a facade so no one knew it was happening.’
‘Just in case there’s more than one attacker, don’t want them to see through a trap that could be used for them.’
‘You have a very devious mind. So that’s why all the houses are empty.’
‘Don’t we all. No, most of them are empty because Erase provides them with all they need.’ He smirked. ‘Cowards and rabid dogs are so easy to manipulate, your family was one of them before they weren’t.’
‘What did they do wrong?’
‘Irrefutable mediocrity.’ He tap his top lip. ‘And they tried to kill Lipowski.’
‘That doesn’t sound so bad.’
‘With a bat,’ he nodded. ‘And I literally mean a bat from a cave, one bat not even all of them. They were morons.’
‘I’m sure they,’ Zoe’s hands floundered as she tried to find any words to help her. ‘She killed everyone for that reason?’
‘It was a really ugly bat,’ he shrugged.
‘That makes no sense.’
‘Cause she’s normally so poised when it comes to revenge and things that spiral out of her control,’ he scoffed. ‘There’d be some obscure reason. Does it matter?’
‘Find a weakness and exploit it.’
‘Or create one.’
‘So this is her legacy, everyone will remember her for this.’ Zoe dipped her head. ‘They despise her, I’m not sure if that’s what she was aiming for but oh well, you can’t have everything. Sometimes things just don’t go your way and you will never know why.’
‘I killed them, is that what you want to hear?’ There was something about him that was oddly hypnotizing. ‘Is that what I am alluding—’
‘Well if it’s the truth then yes.’
‘Plan your revenge my dear,’ his husky tone sent shivers down her spine. ‘Because I saved them then I killed them. Not with a bat but with bats. It was a really weird hour.’
‘Why?’
Perry was smug, ‘Why not?’
‘Can’t relate.’ She glanced down at the body. ‘How?’
‘Me and my recently deceased colleague beat the s—’
‘Now we are back to why?’
‘I could say ordered too but that would not be accurate. A half truth.’
‘Are you going to tell me or are we going to stand here all day?’
‘Well why don’t you ask,’ he looked down at the body and gasped. ‘Oh no that won’t work, now all you have is my words. And they can sometimes be a little bit imprecise.’
She glared at him and curled her lip.
‘Did you ask him before you,’ he swatted his hand down, ‘slapped him?’
‘I returned the favour,’ she hissed. ‘Don’t minimize my actions, say them loud and proud.’
‘And what did he say?’
‘Test.’
‘Everything is, you can’t shape someone’s behaviour without testing to see if your treatments are working.’ He spread his arms wide. ‘I would like to see you explain this to the town. Make no mistake they see everything. Don’t take their silence as compliance.’
She pressed her lips together.
‘They will be cautious though, you and Alex react very badly to things that are normally,’ his eyes darted around. ‘Safe for popular consumption.’
‘Noted.’
Perry stared at her. His gaze was unnerving, it was halfway between rapacious and predatory. She was not sure what he wanted but she knew she did not really want to know.
‘You can go now,’ her veins started to pulsate. ‘I’m done with you.’
His pensive stare unnerved her. ‘Insanity can be a powerful weapon, listen to the words because insanity doesn’t erase a valid point perhaps it enhances it. Like a deep love felt for a stranger that is multifaceted, the hatred for the rest doesn’t minimize or erase that feeling.’
‘No one is one-dimensional just because it’s hidden doesn’t mean it’s not felt.’ It felt like her heart was about to burst.
‘You just need the time to process it. Maybe there’s some confusion between love and lust. But mark my words if you are selfish you cannot love. It will only ever be lust.’
‘Shoo,’ she flicked her fingers back and forth. Her feeble voice and actions would not even scare away a mouse.
‘I’ll leave you too it, Alex should be around soon to try and kill you again. Good luck. I’m sure he’ll defiantly succeed this time,’ he invaded her space and whispered. ‘Should’ve left Kershaw alone.’



20



The atmosphere was draining the life out of Raven. For once she was unable to maintain a steady pace. She had injured one person but could not find the energy to move let alone attack. Instead she stared at Zoe and Alexander. They were both acting very strange. It was a feat to avoid each other so seamlessly in an environment that was deceptively smaller than it appeared to be.
She yanked the tunic off her aching body and dragged a white tube top over her damaged skin. Her legs needed to breathe. She wiggled out of the shorts and squirmed into some red sweat pants. The clothes were collected from two different people. Although the outfit clashed, it was fit for purpose. The tunic was too restrictive. There had been a few fights that she had almost lost because of the disguise. Alexander was right. Everyone had recognised her straight away, she was public enemy number one after all. Even though they did not know about Barker or Hale, she was still their target. She shuddered to think what they would do to her if they found out the truth.
‘Shouldn’t you be working?’ Perry loomed over her but she refused to move a muscle.
‘What the hell is happening between those two anyway? Alex and Zoe I mean.’ Raven was puzzled by the odd dynamic. The tension was electrifying to the point where everything around them became combustable.
‘Indifference such a cruel emotion, love and hate can be bitter and sweet but at least you feel something,’ he sneered. ‘Feel nothing now.’
‘Unravel.’
‘Okay, she thinks Alex tried to kill her. He didn’t but what she doesn’t know can only help me. There’s no way she’ll clear up the situation and just talk to him. He thinks she killed Kershaw. Friends to enemies.’
‘You really are… aren’t you?’
‘I try my best, it’s the least I can do for my boy. My goal is to make every second an excruciating agony that no one can bear. It’s a character building exercise. Nothing’s too extreme or torturous for my boy.’
‘And me? Still mad I let your wife go and indirectly got her killed?’ Raven flinched. For the first time in her life, she felt an uncontrollable fear. If she let it, it would devour her.
‘You know, for a long time, I dreamed about tearing you limb from limb then sowing you up and starting again. But you may be right about one thing,’ he held his finger in front of her face and waggled it.
She tried to avoid eye contact but her curiosity got the better of her. As she looked at him, he smiled. He wanted her full attention.
‘I don’t really care that she’s dead, eventually I would’ve killed her out of boredom or jealousy. The delight I get when I’m controlling someone’s life, especially when I’m ruining it. That’s the only thing I can’t live without.’
‘Okay. What does that mean for me?’
His smile was scarier than the destruction he caused when he flew into a demented rage. ‘I need you. Chaos, misery, pain, it follows you around. You have an intoxicating gift for stirring it up.’
‘Thanks I guess,’ her brow furrowed.
‘I look forward to seeing your next masterpiece,’ he placed his fingers in the air like he was tipping an invisible hat.
She was absolutely baffled by him. ‘Don’t you have some work to do or something that would take you away from here?’
‘I was going to leave but now I know you want it, I might just stay.’
‘Real mature.’
‘Ethereal,’ his raspy voice gave her the creeps. ‘You should be nicer to me, I could still blame all of this mess on you. Beg me to change my mind.’
‘Do it. I don’t give a fly—’
‘Erase will kill you this time,’ he seemed alarmed by her reaction.
‘—ck. So what?’
He shoved his hands into his pockets. The atmosphere was uncomfortable. His eyes looked like they might jump away from his skull. He valued something she could not see. It seemed like he could not fathom her disinterest or perhaps he thought she did not understand.
‘You don’t like being rejected, do you?’ Callousness was her default setting.
‘Still got a little bit of vomit behind your ear,’ his snide remark was redundant. He already looked like he was arguing with himself.
‘Oh bless, look at your pouty little face. Okay I’ll pretend to be scared of you, oh no not Erase.’ She held her head and dropped her jaw. ‘What will I do?’
He stared at her as she pretended she was about to faint.
‘Little old fragile me facing the full might of a giant company. I wish someone would swoop down and save me.’ She suppressed a burp. The amount of food she had shoveled into her mouth was coming back to bite her.
‘You just can’t help yourself, can you?’
‘I presume that question is rhetorical,’ she yawned. ‘Fascinated by your reaction but utterly bored with this dull conversation.’
‘Every time without fail, you ruin their plans, my plans and now well I’m fascinated by your actions but utterly bored with this situation. You know this just won’t end well for you.’
‘Boo hoo.’
‘Everything is as it should be, I will not interfere.’ He scooped up the discarded clothes. ‘You have my word.’
‘Fair enough, f—’
‘You see everything as it is, in time they will see it too.’
‘—off then.’ She looked past him. ‘You killed Zoe’s parents go play with her instead.’
‘I’m coming for you when you least expect it,’ he pointed his finger in her face and wiggled it. ‘It’ll be more fun that way.’
‘And I’ll never come,’ she pouted her lips, ‘for you, deal?’
He raised an eyebrow at the insinuation and strolled away.
‘Bye.’ She cradled her chin and dug her nail into the gap between her teeth.
The situation was dire. She was running out of victims and fools. There was no one she could string along and the artificial environment was already controlled by someone else.
Perry was too calm. It made her feel uneasy. When his mind was not consumed by devious plans, traps and tricks; he was at his most dangerous. He needed the distraction.
A pair of eyes were burrowing into her face, she was startled by the sudden appearance.
‘Harper,’ she played with the consonants. ‘It’s rude to stare.’
‘You’re an enemy.’ Harper hid behind her clothes and hairdo. ‘Every added person changes the dynamic, ruins the relationship.’
‘Why?’ Raven parted her lips and rapidly jiggled her tongue between her teeth.
Harper was wringing her hands.
‘You are going to call me out?’ Raven looked down her nose at Harper and snickered. ‘No. Try someone else or at the very least now you are here try something else.’
‘But you seem so nervous.’ Her snaggletooth was poking out so much that her mouth did not close properly.
‘People can be anxious for many different reasons. Take you for example,’ Raven held out her hand. ‘Why would you be so tense?’
‘Because people that manipulate and ruin other people’s lives for the fun of it, make my skin crawl.’ She flicked her hair back like she was trying to part the sea. The ashy blonde and hickory brown strands fell back into place. It closed across her face like a curtain.
‘What have you heard?’
Harper pressed her lips together, Raven half expected her tooth to protrude out of her skin.
‘Run along now, you’re a burden I don’t want to bear.’
Harper held her hand over her face. Even her hands were scarred, the clothing did not completely cover it. The change in Harper’s body language made Raven smile. Her complexion was deathly pale.
‘What have you done?’
‘I’ve told the others,’ Harper gulped.
‘Hmm,’ she bit her lip, ‘I see. So why are they heading towards Zoe?’
‘Because she is unpredictable, a stranger. There’s no telling what she’ll do.’
‘And me?’
‘You’ll keep,’ Harper backed away.
‘Bit reckless. Think you have me but you don’t even have the nerve.’
‘Enjoy your time because if you come back here, I’ll kill you.’ Raven smirked. ‘Oh and darling, nice to see you again. No one scars like you do.’
‘You bring out the evil in everyone you touch. Toxic.’
‘That’s not that hard with you, all you have is well let’s just say nothing of value and leave it at that. Cause it’s certainly not your looks,’ Raven sneered. ‘Oh and darling, I don’t ever want to touch you.’
Harper continued to back away but the eye contact was raw.
‘Don’t worry, I scare myself.’ Raven felt a stab of guilt as she twisted a piece of hair around her finger. It was too close to the bone. Harper was a mirror reflection of her past self. It took her by surprise, she thought all the memories from her past identities had been lost to the insanity that flowed through her veins.



21



Alexander was confused by the scene. Even though he did not trust his companions, he knew they were not targeting the citizens.
‘What do you hope to gain from doing this?’ He pointed at the body.
Zoe shook her head and scowled at him.
‘A hundred people destined for Erase were murdered and still they haven’t arrived so there’s no way they’ll come down for the detectives. You’re probably doing them a favour. So you started to kill the citizens.’
‘No we didn’t do this. How could you think that,’ she growled and pushed his shoulder so hard that he stumbled back.
‘Don’t know what to think.’ He scratched his head, ‘Since when did it become “we” and not that liar?’
‘We need to work together,’ she rolled her eyes. ‘You still haven’t forgiven me for the situation.’
‘Oh I see what this is.’ He swept his hand over his mouth.
‘Kershaw was in the way, why can’t you understand that?’ She nibbled her lip. ‘This is what they do.’
‘So the scars of the past were inflicted on you by Lipowski. It’s her fault you act like this. You have no control?’
‘What I went through is something that you’ll never understand—’
‘At some stage you have to be responsible for your own actions. Or the future is determined by someone who inflicted pain on someone else, a hundred plus years ago. You’re the adult now. Do you want to become someone else’s Lipowski?’
‘I did you a favour, one day you will see that.’
‘Here’s an idea, why didn’t you defend her?’
‘Something wasn’t right, we needed Raven more.’
Alexander’s contempt felt like it was bubbling through his pores.
‘I did it,’ a raspy voice was beside them; it was Darren. ‘Killed this one and a third of your friends in Terger.’
‘Well that was easy,’ Zoe smirked. ‘I might be starting to like this place. It covers Raven in vomit, the murderers come to us and confess.’
‘Not quite,’ his cheeks jiggled as he pulled out his blade.
Five detectives swarmed around them. They were swaying. Their movements were jolty like they were already injured.
‘You see Lipowski was our mother and Braxton our father. And you little missy,’ he pointed his blade at Zoe. ‘Killed them both.’
‘What I didn’t, who told you that?’ Zoe’s tone was as unsteady as her legs. She was wiggling her lip as if she wanted to say more.
‘We’re detectives, we detected.’ Rex was sarcastic and blunt. ‘You’re already shaking in your skin. A bunch of losers in a tank full of sharks, you’re going to drown or end up shredded. Not that we care cause we don’t like you.’
‘Are you smitten kitten?’ Zoe taunted. ‘I am not scared just tired.’
‘Why didn’t you hide One’s body better?’ Harry pushed Rex aside and walked towards her.
‘Oh?’ Zoe smirked. ‘Because I didn’t want too.’
‘Where’s the evidence?’ Alexander stepped in front of her. ‘I won’t let you do anything until you show me your proof.’
Bill squared up to Alexander.
‘Presumably there are rules that you have to follow,’ he stared at the blood-soaked blade. ‘You can’t just do as you please. Are you the new One? You have a motive maybe you did it. Where is the body? The proof, anything?’
‘She told us,’ Bill pointed at Raven. ‘Wait why is she with Perry?’
‘Of course she would say that, look at the company she keeps. She snapped Braxton’s neck and years ago she killed hundreds of—’
‘We know. It was a mercy killing, the device no longer works. Braxton had only a few hours left.’
‘You saw him, did he look that fragile to you?’ Alexander sowed the seeds of doubt in their minds. ‘She killed all your leadership and wiped out half of your population. Can you really trust someone like that? She changes faces like she changes clothes.’
They started to mumble and mutter to each other.
‘She needed a disguise. When I meet her, she looked like One. Then the body was found and she changed her disguise to my sister, who was also brutally murdered while I was unconscious. I feel just as helpless as you do.’ Alexander let the tears welled up in his eyes. ‘But what can I do? Everyone around her dies.’
They seemed swayed by his logic but not his emotion as he carefully tried to avoid lying to them.
‘Look at the pattern of behaviour, your leadership stood in her way and she killed them, true?’
‘Yes,’ Bill nodded; he seemed like he had first hand experience with the incident. ‘Then slaughtered the citizens we swore to protect.’
‘Why?’
‘Because she wanted it that way. It still doesn’t mean that I automatically trust you now,’ Bill started to slowly inch towards Raven. His feet were pointing in her direction but he kept an eye on Alexander. The twisted position looked uncomfortable.
Alexander continued to chip away at their resolve. ‘Just ask Darren, he worked with Kershaw. She was lovely and Raven tainted her memory with her actions, right?’
‘Perhaps,’ Darren started to shuffle away from them.
‘It’s Joe right?’ Alexander glanced around and fixated on the only one with an expressionless face. ‘Am I right in my assumption that One was important to you?’
Joe’s mouth gaped and closed awkwardly.
‘She killed her for a momentary disguise, she knew it would not hold up. That you would see right through it. So why did she do it? She knew you; played, betrayed, and disrespected you,’ he glanced at Harry but could not read his body language. ‘And her in life and in death.’
‘That ain’t right,’ Joe’s face fractured into grief. ‘Hale deserved better, she trusted her, you need a friendship for a betrayal to work.’
The one with scars was hiding behind Joe and was already following his lead. Alexander resisted the urge to rub his eyes, he wondered if she had been there the whole time.
‘Don’t start with me smarty pants,’ Rex growled. ‘I can make up my own mind.’
‘She’s here,’ he sighed. ‘There’s nowhere for her to run, nowhere to hide, no one to hide behind. This is the perfect chance to face the person that’s being making your life a living hell for the past…’
‘How ever many years it has been, it has been too long.’ Alexander huffed, the sudden breeze displaced his hair. ‘She’s not a mystical creature, she right there.’
‘And I didn’t kill your friend. I walked up and saw a dead body by Raven so basically just another day.’ Zoe was exasperated. ‘As long as she’s alive, people won’t be.’
‘It doesn’t matter who it is.’
‘Or how long she has known you.’
‘She’ll stab you in the back so quick,’ Alexander scanned their reactions. ‘That your head will spin.’
‘One moment you’re her ally.’ Zoe was out of breath. ‘The next you’re dead at her feet.’
‘Why would you put up with that?’ Alexander took over. ‘Especially when you don’t have to, you have the numbers.’
‘She can’t beat you all.’
The verbal tennis match was making them both ill.
‘As long as you work as one,’ he was exhausted by it all. If they were not convinced by it then there was nothing more that they could do. It was using up the energy they would need to fight their way out.
‘You can defeat her,’ Zoe threw her hands in the air, ‘once and for all. What else does she need to take from you before you fight back!’
‘Please stop hurting these civilians, you’re sworn to protect them.’ He pleaded with them. Normally he would look at someone’s facial expressions and work out what else he needed to say. But his mind was just drawing a blank. There was nothing else that he could say even if it was necessary.
‘Ask Mr. Preston if you need the truth or just look at his face, look into his eyes, the scars are there also.’ Zoe added. ‘The only way to resolve this is to face her.’
‘She’s a liar. Eventually you’ll hear the truth,’ Alexander felt his heart flutter as he glanced over and saw Raven all alone. ‘Just let her talk long enough and she’ll tell you all you want or need to know.’
‘You’re in luck cowards, she’s alone now. There is nowhere to run or hide. Go ask her what you want to know. We’ll still be here when you get back.’
‘Promise,’ Rex rolled his eyes. ‘Like we are going to trust you to stay put.’
‘Look around you,’ Zoe shrugged. ‘Come what may we will all have to face it eventually. Their traps are getting smaller, more constrictive than ever before. Your freedom has already passed you by.’
‘But you should really get the truth first because I have a feeling that some of you really need it.’ Alexander added, he could see the hurt in some of their eyes. It was such a deep wound that they could not hide it.
‘We all have different priorities, but for most of you she is the mastermind behind all of your pain and suffering and it won’t stop until she does.’ Joe was reticent but when he did speak, it was carefully thought out and very effective.
They glanced at each other. After almost wearing out their voices and the last of their strength, the most convincing argument had come from their enemy.
‘All you need to do is stop running away from her and run into her.’
‘You first,’ Rex snapped. ‘She’ll keep.’
‘Go to her and find out or you’ll end up punishing the wrong person and you may never get the truth.’ Zoe held her hands up in the air. ‘I’m not a danger to you, I don’t know anyone. I’ve never stood in front of your leadership and massacre them for a crazed doctor.’
‘Doesn’t mean you won’t,’ Rex smirked and moved towards them. ‘If you ever got the opportunity to do so.’
‘They speak the truth,’ Joe whispered and shuffled away.
As one they turned back towards Raven.
Zoe leant against Alexander’s back, he could feel her smirk. There was no time to regret their decision as the detectives closed in on Raven.
‘Clever but strange to assume that someone so wicked would be so cold in ever aspect of their personality with every face,’ the wonky teeth protruded as the stranger smiled. ‘Your words were so effective yet they did not trust the mouth in which it came from. One word of confirmation from their comrade and wow.’
‘Jeff,’ Zoe clung onto his shoulders.
‘Pet. Does this cutie remember me too? Not by a forehead wrinkle of a little crinkly chip that was floating down the stream a few delicate moments ago.’ Jeff tapped Alexander under his chin. ‘There was an easier way but you would not take it. Now do you regret your decision or will you continue to struggle through the mud.’
Alexander crinkled his nose. ‘Your dismissive names don’t deter us. Try something else.’
‘Where have you been?’
‘Collecting dust on a shelf somewhere warm. After all my last job did not go as planned and I almost drowned then pay with a life for life because I lost a life.’
‘What are you jabbering about?’
‘He’s saying that because Kershaw and I did not go with him, he was punished.’
‘You were punished as well, where is your ugly doll? One moment you cradle it in your arms and the next it is discarded like it meant nothing to you. Perhaps you knew that it was not the same as it was before.’
Alexander pondered the words.
‘Desensitizing you to a trauma until something that meant everything means nothing. A thing that is changed on a regular basis,’ Jeff licked his lips. ‘Does it still mean something?’
‘It means everything.’
‘Still?’
‘Why do you keep saying that? Did you know her?’
‘I heard of her beauty many years ago but never quite had the pleasure of being pleasured by her visage. The hate I feel is deep for the both of you, I don’t like having to work for my supper.’ Jeff licked his lips again as if he could not quench his thirst. ‘Normally things come easy to me. Immense knowledge is immeasurably powerful to these people. Now I’m a lap dog, the eminent doctor is dead and the knowledge died with her. The next phase is coming. Are you ready?’
‘Then change who you work for.’
‘Intriguing intrigue but don’t turn your back on someone that you suspect may not like you very much.’
‘No idea, what’s he saying?’
‘I don’t follow him either shall we just kill him?’
‘Black is the colour of his hair but not his eyes, there is no way he will want to kill the immoral me although he did get the jump on me three times now. I don’t fancy a fourth.’
‘I’ll do it then.’ She let go of Alexander’s shoulders and walked around him.
‘So casual with your words, will you be with your actions?’ Jeff’s lips were already moist but again he licked them. ‘I wonder, shall we test the untestable truth? That your worst enemy will always be yourself and nobody can even come close to the way you torture and kill yourself so slowly over and over again.’
Alexander grabbed her wrist and held her back.
‘Let her go to face what she must face alone, everyone needs to face themselves sometime. But I was only ever going to help you. Now we will never be helped again. It’s a hopeless situation. For a hopeless creation,’ Jeff pulled out a knife and stared into the reflective blade; it glinted off the artificial lights. ‘What do you see? Can you see me when you see? Not the actions or the words pay attention to the eyes and they will tell you all you need to know.’
Alexander held his breath and yanked her back.
‘The time to talk is over. Now is the time that we will test who can play the game in a way that only one game can be played. Until then,’ Jeff pressed his lips together. ‘I have to go now, bye.’
‘You are not going anywhere,’ Zoe nuzzled her chin into her chest.
‘Fine then push us into a confrontation that does not have to happen, but will if you make it so. Make it happen, I want to see you snap! Can you? Just for my amusement.’
Her eyes went dark as she descended on him. Alexander tried to reach for her but it was already too late.



22



Raven felt a sliver of fear tumble down her spine. The pack of men were baying for blood. She wondered what Alexander had told them to make them change direction so quickly. There was nowhere to run or hide. Nothing to hide behind or run towards, she would have to talk her way out of trouble again.
‘Your eyes do not lie to me. They say you killed Braxton,’ the raspy voice of Darren screamed, ‘to save yourself!’
She smiled at Alexander’s cunning and vicious nature. It was one of the things she loved about him.
‘Not mouthing off now, are you?’ Rex taunted. She had never wanted someone to disappear so much in her life. It felt like he was incapable of being genuine. Even when he was malicious, it still felt like he did not have the humanity to fulfil the emotion. She felt so dull when he was around. He could not connect to anyone on any level. It was so unnatural and disturbing. No matter how many times she talked to him or saw him, he was still a faceless stranger.
‘He would’ve suffered without me, move on.’
‘Okay but what about Hale, what did she do to you?’ Joe snarled.
‘I needed her image as a disguise.’
‘Just like that you confess?’ Darren was inches away from her. His musty breath was already invading her personal space.
‘Everything Alexander told you is true. But what he obviously didn’t mention is that Zoe closed the hatch and let Lipowski drown, it was very slow and painful.’
‘Why do you say obviously?’ Bill was puzzled.
She smiled and pointed behind him, the crowd were already making their way back to Zoe and Alexander.
‘Rex, Harry, Harper, stop,’ Bill pleaded.
‘Then she opened the door again but it was too late. The damage was already done,’ she raised an eyebrow. ‘Her actions couldn’t be undone.’
‘The one with scruples will still need to be punished,’ Joe said. ‘After we deal with you.’
‘Careful now boys.’ Bill circled around Raven. ‘She might bolt, like the coward she is.’
‘You know something,’ she glanced over him and stared at Alexander’s distant form. ‘I really like someone who can challenge me. One day I hope he’ll surrender to me. But I’d be lying if I said that’s what I want. I do love it more when he resists me with everything he has.’
Darren snarled. ‘If it’s all true then you won’t be alive to see it.’
‘Tell the truth he made you turn around and come back to me?’ Raven smiled like a proud parent.
Bill reached around his waist and pulled out a weapon.
‘No one makes me do anything,’ Darren shuffled from one foot to the other. ‘I alone decide.’
‘Your death is calling please pick up, please respond. Please do something to stop me,’ Bill pointed the blade at her neck. ‘It won’t be fun otherwise.’
‘I like these odds,’ she grabbed his wrist and stabbed it back towards him. She smirked as the blood splattered all over her face.



23



The wind whipped through Alexander’s hair as Zoe sped away. Rex and Harry were sprinting back towards them. They altered their trajectory as she disappeared behind a house. He moved to help her but a woman stepped in front of him. The unexpected guest almost made him fall over. It was such a shock to be face to face with someone he did not even realise was standing there. An audible gasp escaped his lips as he stumbled back.
She covered her face. It was hot but she hid behind thick black clothes. A dense coat that she wore no matter what.
‘I’m sorry, you appeared from nowhere um,’ he could tell he had hurt her with his reaction; he reached out to her. ‘It was your sudden appearance that frightened me not your appearance itself.’
She recoiled.
‘Aren’t you going to follow your friends?’ He looked her up and down as he tried to place her name. ‘Miss?’
‘It’s Harper.’ Her skin was exposed as she pushed her jumper up until it reached her elbows. ‘We have met before.’
Every time he met her a different layer of clothing was removed. Her skin was perforated with tiny scars. The clothing was strategic as well as emotionally comforting to her. But he felt a shift in the atmosphere, she wanted to be noticed. Her movements were suddenly aggressive.
‘No I’m here for you and only you.’ There was an alluring confidence about her.
‘My name is Alex, are you sure it is me that you are looking for?’ He asked the question even though he knew the answer. ‘Hm, how did she manage that? I wonder.’
‘You lied by omission.’ Harper lightly touched her scars. ‘It’s something the doctor did. Utterly haunting.’
‘Are you a detective? I never noticed you before.’ He smiled but she did not respond in the way he hoped she would. Instead she squirmed.
‘People like you rarely do.’ Her little snaggletooth was cute.
‘I was just trying to protect a friend.’
‘A murderer.’
He squinted. His jaw displaced as he realised no words would fix the situation and nothing would change her mind.
She brushed her multicoloured hair back but it instantly fell across her face again. ‘Does that make it right?’
He was speechless and dumbfounded by the situation. As he tried to find a scenario that would fix the situation, his body ache. He was bleary-eyed and exhausted.
‘No more lies to tell,’ she taunted. Her light brown eyes were fierce and almost yellow.
The flash of steel made him react. He whacked her wrist with his elbow. A sharp sound echoed in his ears as the blade tumbled to the ground.
‘Stop,’ he squeaked. The sudden attack was making his head spin. His brain was not working properly, he could not figure her out.
‘Why?’
‘Do you really think that you are better than everyone else? That what you have done is fine? And everyone else is what, beneath you? Hypocrite.’
‘Hey don’t act like you know me and don’t touch me so casually.’ She sneered as she went for him again but this time she tried to claw his eyes out. The stubby nails were not as dangerous as the knife.
He twirled her out of the way and blocked Raven’s attack.
‘They killed all the citizens in Terger and tried to attack us. I’m justified,’ Raven smirked. ‘For once. So just let me enjoy it.’
He grabbed her chin, but she continued to look around him. ‘Does that make it right?’
‘Like I care.’
They watched Harper as she skittered away.
‘Great, she’s just going to go kill Zoe now,’ she threw her hands in the air. He let go of her and stepped back.
‘Like you care,’ he sighed. ‘Is it possible that you’ve become more psychotic and empathic at the same time? Or is one of them an act?’
‘That’s a fun game, guess which one.’
‘I’m not in the mood for this.’
‘Harper’s more dangerous,’ Raven kept her eyes on her enemy. ‘Than a hundred of those psycho detectives.’
‘What? She seems unbalanced but not overtly dangerous.’
Everyone he knew had at one point attacked him. It did not instantly mean she was a bad person. Still he did not feel like Raven was lying to him. There was an unfamiliar look in her eyes, not fear but something deeper, something that he found really intriguing and frightening at the same time.
Alexander shook his head as curiosity got the better of him. ‘And why’s that?’
‘Hurt doesn’t even begin to cover it. She can be your everything but if you reject her. Her fragile little shell shatters and the messed up mouse becomes your worst nightmare.’
‘So she has two sides to her,’ he shrugged. ‘Who doesn’t when push comes to shove?’
‘Seriously,’ Raven looked around and whispered. ‘We need to find Zoe because she killed Lipowski.’
‘Zoe?’
‘No Harper. She didn’t just leave her to die she pushed her head under then pulled her up repeatedly.’
He felt physically ill as all the colour drained from his face.
‘I saw her outside, she knew and still went in, not to save her as I first thought but to…’ Raven raised her eyebrows and exhaled. ‘Not even Perry would be so needlessly cruel.’
‘Why are you being like this? I’ve never seen you do anything kind without either being pushed into it or it serving another purpose for you.’
‘Ouch.’
‘Prevarication?’
‘No it’s the truth but still I’m wounded.’ She held her chest. ‘You do realise you’re just as vicious with your words as I am with my actions. Rather ironic really, normally it would be the other way around.’
‘You think I’m scared of physically attacking someone? Not sure I’d be able to stop?’
‘Afraid you might secretly enjoy it?’ There was a hint of a smile on her face but she seemed troubled by her own words. ‘What other reason would there be? All the violence you saw as a child, might be hereditary or perhaps it’s a spirit that drains one person then jumps to another. Don’t stand too close.’
‘Killers don’t tend to dwell that much on their violent impulses, they’re too busy reliving the joy of the kill.’
‘Or regret leaving themselves behind in their pursuit of that one thing that’s missing.’ She adjusted his shirt and frowned. ‘What is missing in your life?’
‘Purpose no control. No purpose no control.’
She dragged her finger down his chest.
‘If you don’t stay alive, you don’t inherit. It was drilled into us as children, avoid anything that might get you killed. Use words, play on weaknesses, never let your anger dictate your actions. The moment that happens you have already lost.’
‘I think I underestimated the level of thought that goes into every move you make,’ her soft smile was captivating.
‘The best course of action is to sit down.’
She pursed her lips and circled around him.
‘Your mistake is thinking you don’t have a weakness or that showing one isn’t efficacious,’ his tone shifted. ‘Everyone has something to lose.’
‘Talking in riddles now?’
‘Just got to know where to look and when to play dead.’
‘Oh.’
‘Imagine my surprise,’ he kept his head so straight that it hurt, even his eyes refused to follow her movements. ‘When I found out that we all had the same job at the same age. And we all became detectives after that. I started to wonder who was whispering in our ears? What exactly were they saying? Can our minds even begin to unpack or fathom the amount of information that we absorbed? In what way did it shape our lives? Defiantly not for the better.’
‘You shouldn’t listen to voices in a mindless state, there’s no telling what they might say or who you might become because you felt them.’
‘Especially when you’re particularly vulnerable.’ He picked at his wounds, tiny cuts that marred his skin. Some of them would not heal because he kept continually picking at them. The layers of skin were so stripped down that it was a mixture of colours and layers that was oddly captivating.
A glob of blood oozed out. He dabbed it away and stared at it. There was a dark red blob with a watery red around the side. He could not stop trying to damage himself. It was the deadliest impulse he had and one that he struggled not to fixate on.
As he looked up, he realised that she was waiting for his full attention. He wondered how long the silence would stretch if he did not give her what she wanted.
‘Is there a way to make someone vulnerable? I wonder how?’ She tapped her nose like she was trying to subtly tell him something. ‘What do you think?’
‘I wonder why?’ He raised his hands and smiled.
‘Skip on through the waves,’ her eyes shone. ‘I would have thought the why would be obvious. Do you need a devious mind to understand one?’
‘No, it is not that complicated, just horrid but the how is obvious.’ He watched as Rex and his new detectives lined up behind her. There were no footsteps or noises from them. The town seemed to be quite stark but everything was strategic. From the position of the houses to the fake turf. It was purposely chosen for stealth and deception. There was nothing out of place. Everything had a purpose and a position within their lie.
‘Yeah now it is as you look back through your memories or perhaps as you talk to old friends? New Friends?’ She glanced behind her. ‘Ah, those gullible people.’
‘Those people have names,’ Rex jutted his chin out aggressively as he started to boast, ‘they are my new—’
‘Yikes,’ her nose crinkled in disgust. ‘Please tell me you’re not going to name them all. Fat, ugly, ah, no that about covers it.’
Rex walked over to Alexander. ‘Just attack.’
In unison, they all marched towards her.
‘Ah what a feeling,’ Rex grinned from ear to ear. ‘It’s good to be in charge, isn’t it?’
Raven ignored him and ran into the thick of it until all they could see was her limbs flailing around.
‘I told you to attack her together,’ Alexander glanced at the chaos then looked away. ‘Seems like you are trying to thank her. Can’t find the right words?’
‘What’s your problem? Now I have a whole army.’ Rex’s gleeful tone was distasteful. He stretched his arms wide as if he was hugging them all. But the gesture seemed to be more about control than love.
‘You have a hundred followers against one fighter.’ Alexander did not have to look to know the cries and screams were not coming from Raven. ‘What are you going to rely on dumb luck?’
‘Or you could help,’ Rex snapped back. ‘You know actually do something instead of bossing people around. Twisting them around your finger. We can tell where you come from.’
Alexander scoffed, ‘Where’s the fun in that?’
‘I can practically smell it on you,’ Rex sniffed the air.
The shift in atmosphere made Alexander cringe, he could taste the resentment and anger as it polluted the air with its foul odour.
‘Entitlement,’ Rex snorted.
Alexander shifted his bodyweight from one foot to the other. The tension was palpable, at any moment Rex could explode and attack.
‘Why won’t you help us?’ Rex spat out the words through gritted teeth.
‘I don’t actually want her dead.’ As their eyes met, he could see that the words were equally surprising to both of them.
‘You told us to kill her.’
‘I knew you wouldn’t listen to me.’ Alexander shrugged. ‘And I was right.’
‘Terger scum,’ Rex raised his fist.
‘Careful, one enemy at a time.’ Alexander nodded towards Raven.
‘I’ll give your boys credit,’ she titled her head. ‘They didn’t run away, but maybe that was stupidity more than courage.’
‘I’d say that point is defiantly debatable, undoubtedly mean-spirited.’
Rex’s eyes darted around, he looked like a cornered animal.
‘Just think about this. And I mean both of you,’ Alexander took a couple of subtle steps away from them all. ‘You’re not the ones who are going to get hurt. So just talk this out and leave everyone else out of it.’
‘Everyone else?’ Raven scoffed. ‘To who are you referring?’
Alexander raised an eyebrow.
‘I’ve already done the damage,’ she looked at the pile of injured people and smirked. ‘While you stood there and did nothing to help.’
‘And what would you like me to do?’ He shook his head. ‘You’re all just as bad as each other. How am I suppose to stop you?’
‘Fools errand,’ Rex agreed.
‘Whatever,’ she raised the knife. ‘I got one more thing to do so just sit in the corner and be quiet.’
‘Am I the thing?’ Rex snorted.
‘You said it.’
‘Wait one minute,’ Rex whistled.
‘There’s so many things I like,’ Raven walked towards him. ‘About you. I especially like how you act so much better than everyone else.’
‘Hold on,’ Rex sprinted away.
‘That’s a new way to attack,’ she taunted.
‘You might want to move away,’ Alexander sighed. ‘When he finds more “detectives” you don’t want to trip over those bodies. There’s no need to injure them further.’
‘Then their demise will be a nice surprise, but I think if they look at this they might run away.’
‘You’ve got a bit of blood,’ he waved his hand around. ‘Well everywhere.’
‘Ah well spoiler alert,’ she looked past him. ‘You are all going to die.’
He glanced back. It looked like the whole town was standing behind him. He held his breath as they charged towards him.



24



All Zoe could hear was her own swallow breaths. She was too lazy and fatigued to run. Instead she picked the only safe house she knew of and stayed there. They all looked the same to her and they all seemed to be empty. The whole town was so weird. She did not know how they got anything done. Ever since she had arrived, she was sluggish and her brain did not work properly. It felt like there was something blocking the signals from her brain to her body.
‘I’m Harper,’ a quiet voice called out to her from above.
‘Oh sorry,’ Zoe blinked and squinted but she could not understand how the girl was able to stay on the ceiling. ‘I didn’t know anyone was home or owned this tent.’
‘We’re a simple people. You don’t need that much in life.’ Harper dropped from the ceiling. After a few somersaults, she landed on the dirt floor with a thud. A puff of arid dust bloomed around her tattered pants. She had no shoes on and minimal clothing. The only thing that covered her was scars.
‘I’m sorry.’
‘For?’ Harper pushed her hair away from her face but it fell back. The colour looked strange but there was something familiar about the habit. There was something unusual about her mouth. A little white object was poking out.
‘Lipowski,’ Zoe let her eyes danced over the poor woman’s damaged skin. ‘The fire was her fault not Raven’s.’
‘Fire?’ Harper’s yellow eyes were seething with rage.
‘Yeah she started the fire, I know a lot of you were trapped inside the atrium at the time. She also released a lot of you.’
‘Released us into the wild so we could be caught and tortured by Delaney and Stanley. Among other sellouts and liars.’
Zoe rapidly blinked her eyes and gritted her teeth. It did not matter who it was, the story was different every time she heard it. She tried to place the strange girl. It felt like her life depended on recognising and correctly reacting to Harper.
‘No more words to say?’ Harper edged forward.
‘What do you want me to say?’ Zoe snorted but held her ground.
‘Thanks for letting me hide in your house or something like that.’
‘I’ve seen you before, you were hiding behind Vex and company. But you were bundled up in black. Hiding something?’
‘Are you?’
‘What can I hide in this outfit?’ Zoe held up her hands. The maroon jumpsuit was full of blood, dirt, and things she could not identify. It was unintentionally revealing. Unfortunately it had not withstood the extreme elements that had befallen them both.
‘Perry dressed you.’ It sounded like a statement.
‘How do you know him?’ Zoe smiled sheepishly. ‘And how would you know that?’
Harper turned away.
‘Terger was no picnic but they had to follow certain rules. This place looks like it has nothing but pain, control, strain, and agitation.’ Zoe reached out, her hand was shaking. It felt strange to comfort a stranger. She had been taught not to trust anyone and to never reveal herself to anyone. Power was the most valued commodity. The first person to show vulnerability or their true self, would instantly lose.
Harper laughed. It started slowly but rapidly accelerated. Her teeth started to show, as she became even more psychotic.
Before Zoe could comprehend what was happening her feet were already moving towards the door. Anything was better than being stuck with someone so unstable. There was no telling what Harper would do. One moment she was shy the next she was sobbing then she was laughing uncontrollably.
She walked straight into Harry, he yanked her by the arm and pushed her into another house.
‘W—’
‘Shh,’ he pressed his hairy finger to her lips and whispered. ‘Harper’s unstable and I think she wants you.’
‘Why?’ Her face flushed as she tried to interpret his weird words.
‘You did something to her in the past,’ he whispered.
Zoe shook her head and backed away from him. It did not make any sense to her. The last time she saw him, he wanted to kill her.
A splash of colour hit her cheek.
‘Tunnel—’ He gurgled as he fell to the floor. A knife was sticking out of his back.
Harper was still cackling but the addition of blood sparked Zoe’s memory.
‘Where do I find some of those scars? I think they would match my eyes. They for sure don’t match your cow eyes. Brown, like poo. White blonde, like a decrepit great grandpa.’ Zoe smirked and bobbled her head. ‘Oh yes, nothing would suit you but maybe a dank hole to hide in.’
The laughter came to an abrupt halt, ‘Are you colour blind?’
‘Are you stupid?’
‘Oh this is why Alexander let me go. He knew. I imagine you told him because I’ve never met him before. Would’ve recognised someone so regal and distinguished. You on the other hand very bland. When did you recognise me?’
‘I’ve been looking for you for sometime now.’ Zoe smiled as she silently thanked Alexander in her head. ‘Regale me with tales of your excellence because what I remember of you isn’t much.’
‘Do we know each other, really?’
‘No, but I’ve been dying to make you die.’ Zoe decided to play along with Harper’s sudden amnesia.
‘Don’t you mean meet me,’ Harper stumbled backwards.
Zoe licked her lips and pointed to the scars. ‘Where did you get them sweetie?’
‘Pack of lions, I was training them. One talked their way into the owner’s circus but the other was stubborn and one day it attacked me with a pebble.’
‘Oh yes,’ Zoe pulled a pebble out of her pocket and grinned. It felt like her lips might break but still she forced her smile to extend past the point of comfort.
‘You sharpened it since our last encounter.’ She stroked her scars with her fingertips. ‘Have you kept it all these years just in case you met me again?’
Zoe dropped the pebble. ‘As if you mean that much to me. It was in my pocket.’
‘Now that’s either incredibly cocky,’ she raised an eyebrow. ‘Or stupid. Which one is it?’
‘A lion doesn’t need a weapon, surely its claws are enough.’ Zoe extended her fingers then bent them slightly. Her fingernails were chewed to the lunula.
Harper scoffed. ‘A damaged weapon, should I be insulted or impressed?’
‘I don’t recall killing someone with the intention of causing as much pain as humanly possible, in the slowest way imaginable. You see for the longest time I tried not to kill. Why give someone a free ride out of this hellhole? Let them suffer I say.’
‘And now?’ Her lips started to tremble.
‘Now I just hate the very stench that permeates the ground you walk on. I feel like, even if I let you live again, I won’t be able to stand the thought of your existence. Let alone face the possibility of seeing your hideous form ever again.’
‘Everything I’ve done since can be attributed to you.’ Harper pointed at her damaged image. ‘And trust me, this is nothing in comparison to the monster you unleashed on your fellow man.’
‘That’s not much incentive to keep you alive,’ Zoe blinked rapidly; the situation was bizarre. ‘All the people you’ve killed because I let you live. I don’t need that guilt, I’ve got my own to deal with. Done enough bad things without having to shoulder yours.’
‘Do you ever worry for your soul?’ Harper was grasping at straws. All of her bravado had fallen to the floor with the pebble.
‘Sometimes. But those times are very fleeting.’
‘Hm, you know nail biting is linked to impulse control disorders.’
‘You don’t say,’ she shook her head. ‘I don’t believe in anything other than your demise.’
‘Because I’m a mirror that you don’t want to look at, you hate me because that is the part of you that you hate the most. So every time you see it, it annoys you. You annoy you.’ Harper started to back away, slowly edging sideways to the door. ‘Cut out the middle man and just attack yourself and leave me out of it. Why scar me anymore than you already have? You hated Lipowski but she would never stoop so low. Is your self-hatred really that bad? I know you bonded with Alexander because of it. Maybe we just need to leave you be and you will both eventually destroy yourselves—’
‘No,’ Zoe widened her eyes and pounced. ‘I just don’t like ya.’



25



The house looked grand in statue and very luxurious but on the inside it was a flimsy frame and nothing more. Alexander held his breath, the knife was inches away from his eye. It wavered before being lowered.
Zoe sputtered.
His eyes flickered over the dead bodies.
Suddenly she was as far away from him as she could get. She sunk to her knees and grunted as the adrenaline faded away. Her exhausted form flopped onto the ground.
‘What happened here?’ He dodged the bodies and made his way over to her.
‘It was a mercy killing,’ she sighed. ‘I just wanted to end her suffering.’
‘Her?’
‘Yeah I didn’t kill him, she did. For some reason,’ she lifted her head and shivered. ‘He was trying to protect me and now I’ll never know why.’
‘Never met him before today, are you sure?’ He ran his fingers through her hair. ‘Even just in passing? Hovering behind you.’
‘I don’t know not a hundred percent sure, no.’ Zoe’s eyes flashed. ‘If I had to give an answer it would be no.’
He straightened his back as he heard footsteps behind him but no one spoke.
‘Can’t listen anymore,’ she bit her lips together.
‘Do you feel morally superior to Raven?’ He raised an eyebrow, she winked at him so he continued. ‘You’re still taking something that doesn’t belong to you. Making a decision that isn’t yours to make.’
‘Welcome to our lives,’ she was flippant.
‘At least you have one.’
‘Do you want to exist in this nightmare?’ She started to nibble her finger.
‘No, going to kill me too?’ His breathing pattern changed as he felt a rush of excitement flow through him.
‘We’ve got a job to do. And we can’t die until their agenda does,’ she hissed.
He smiled.
‘I refuse to see another one of my friends lying on the ground, wheezing, bleeding,’ tears were in her eyes, ‘bruised, water gurgling in their lungs. As Raven approached I knew I could only protect one of you. Which one would you have chosen?’
His heart thundered in his chest as he stood over her, ‘Why is it that every word you say is just making me feel worse?’
‘It was quick.’
‘Shh.’
‘Never speak about this again or to you again?’
‘You don’t need my forgiveness.’
She put her finger in her mouth again and bit down. This time it looked so violent that he was worried she punctured her skin down to the bone.
‘You okay?’
‘Harper said I had an impulse control issue, I just like to chew.’ She winked again.
‘Nothing else around,’ he laughed.
‘Sometimes I strip the skin from around my fingers,’ she seemed embarrassed as she tried to hide Harper’s body by nudging it with her foot, ‘inside my mouth. Is it normal?’
‘You really like inflicting pain on yourself, save it for Raven.’ He smiled and relaxed. ‘Rex? Finally alone?’
She nodded. ‘Only saw a flash but yeah looked like him.’
‘Feel better? Raven almost bet you to it. Not that she recognised her or maybe she didn’t care. Seemed to know her by reputation only. Said she wanted to protect you.’
‘Nah,’ she furiously shook her head, ‘she doesn’t care about anyone but herself, what’s her game?’
‘Didn’t want the two of you alone in a room together,’ he looked up as he remembered her demeanour. ‘That’s for sure.’
Zoe shrugged. ‘How would that serve her plan?’
‘Hmm,’ Alexander felt agitated by her body language; something was making her perturbed, restless and distressed.
‘I feel like something bad is about to happen and I don’t think I can cope.’ She cleared her throat. ‘The feeling is just so intrusive.’
‘Perry precipitates chaos, he’s defiantly building up to something. Don’t tear your hair out before, then or during. We’ll deal with it together.’
She grabbed his hand and leapt towards the exit. He did not feel that confident with his words but at least they were a comfort to her.
‘Oh, what the?’ Zoe jumped a few feet and groaned, ‘What perpetual hell is this?’
Raven appeared and stood a little too close them. ‘Nice to see you survived too.’ Her fake smile was freaky.
‘All that wasted time dreaming about a life without you in it.’ Zoe’s shifty eyes were twitching as if she was could no longer hide her contempt and was just trying to find a way to escape. She let go of his hand.
‘Can you believe this shirt was white?’ Raven picked at her clothes, as if she was preening her feathers. ‘Glad I wore the red pants now.’
‘I’m not sure if your reaction is healthy or destructive.’ He stared at her and wondered if he wanted to be more like her or wanted to be nowhere near her.
‘Oh maybe Harper wasn’t that dangerous after all,’ Raven’s eyes shone the moment she saw the bodies. She pushed them both out of the way as she knelt down to study the damage.
He pulled at her sleeve.
‘Did Harper and Harry kill each other?’ She glanced up at him before her eyes dodged to the side. ‘Oh, we’ve lost one.’
The movement unsettled him.
‘Confirm that is what happened and I will tell Perry.’
‘I confirm,’ he swallowed back the lump in his throat.
She laughed in his face. ‘The things we do to protect the ones we love. Even though Zoe just abandoned you at the first sign of trouble.’
‘What do you know about love?’ He grabbed her elbow and pulled her up.
‘Only that I will never experience it.’ Her eyes burrowed into his. She was physically too close to him but emotionally she was always a million miles away.
He brushed her hair away from her face and smiled. ‘But you already have.’
‘Great intimacy advice from someone who when they see a person finds any excuse to leave,’ she looked up and scoffed, ‘Oh. That’s ironic, considering what Zoe just did. We know who she’s running from but who are you?’
‘Myself.’ He snorted, ‘And why are you running alone?’
‘I meant romantically,’ she crinkled up her face. ‘Not friendship.’
‘Ah you understand now.’
‘I already experienced love, from her? Yuck.’
‘But you threw it away,’ he dropped his hand. ‘You are meant to be selfless not selfish. If you can’t keep a friendship how are you suppose to function within a relationship? Going to throw them away at the first sign of trouble? You don’t deserve love.’
‘Because of who I am?’ Raven’s eye twitched.
‘You can’t give it, you defiantly don’t deserve to get it back.’ He wondered how far he could push her before she snapped.
When she had no disguises to hide behind, she was surprisingly fragile. It was a miracle she had lasted this long without completely breaking down. He knew that she was still hiding behind something.
‘Unrequited love sucks.’ Her top lip was drenched with sweat. There was a far away look in her eyes like she was dissociating from the situation.
He reached out and stroked her cheek.
The touch made her jump. For the first time since he had met her, she looked like she was present in the moment. He saw her for the first time. She was frightened and unsteady on her feet. Her blood was pumping through her veins. A ferocious beat that he could feel through his fingertips.
‘There are plenty of things in life that you can’t have. You should be able to differentiate between them.’ He grabbed her shoulders and steadied her.
‘It feels like I can’t have anything anymore. Best to just stay away from me,’ she brushed him off. ‘You can’t have any of me even if you wanted it. I don’t exist anymore.’
‘When will you escape yourself? To live around people like you is so draining,’ he shook his head and sighed. ‘I refuse to be stuck, to be defined by this.’
‘You are rare, you can transform your mind. They hate you for it. We can’t move past our shortcomings, we are defined by them, you are inspired by it. None of us are the main character in our own story, we are insignificant. A whisper on a breeze. You understand that, you don’t fear that. I fear it.’
He watched her leave and wondered why she was still frozen in time. As if the trauma was too much and now nothing not even he could break through to her. There was never a time when she was with them. She would always be alone locked within her mistakes and regrets. Stuck in time.



26



There was no movement or sound. The artificial environment was starting to grate on Alexander’s nerves. He glanced around the abandoned town before he looked at Zoe. She shrugged. Her maroon jumpsuit was ripped to shreds, he did not want to know what he looked like. After so many traumatic events in such a short space of time, they were both nearing the limits of their physical and mental stamina. They had been overworked their entire lives but this time it was different. There was something so unnatural and unhinged about the environment and the people who lived there.
A sharp noise made his head snap towards it. He glanced at Zoe and sighed, she looked at him warily. They both did not want to talk to Raven.
‘Everyone’s in hiding from the homicidal detectives, whoever hired them did a good job.’ Raven’s sarcastic tone shattered the calm. ‘Why do you both look so miserable?’
‘Probably you,’ Zoe mumbled.
‘Do you know what the problem is?’ Perry strutted in. The profile of his nose looked comically crooked just like his wig.
‘Ah,’ Zoe’s quizzical look made Alexander frown, her face was contorting into random shapes. ‘Impulse control issues?’
‘I need you to find someone to blame for all these deaths.’ Perry waved a hand over all the corpses. ‘Can’t blame them on the detectives.’
‘Blame the people who actually caused the problem, how crazy would that be?’ Raven purred but Perry ignored her impertinence. ‘What world do you think we live in?’
‘You won’t find them all because they’ve gone to ground.’ Perry pointed to a couple of houses. ‘Entrances to a complex set of tunnels underneath this place.’
‘Are we suppose to stomp,’ Alexander raised an eyebrow, ‘on the moles or play underground with them?’
Raven started snickering.
‘Whether you decide to search above or below is up to you but I need someone framed for the murders by sunset.’
‘And why’s that?’ Raven questioned.
‘Erase is coming. So you better store that impudence inside your toxic trap. Because if it comes out no amount of “I was the sole reason Erase didn’t fall to Aves and Lipowski” is going to save you.’
‘Jealousy isn’t your colour darling.’
‘And power and brilliance isn’t yours.’ Perry smirked. ‘Braxton was the brains, you’re just average at best. All effort no substance.’
‘Go and gaslight with your friends, oh that’s right you don’t have any, wife maybe no you killed her.’ Raven pointed to Alexander. ‘Spend time with your son, no he hates your guts. Anyone? No, looks like we found something you’re not good at.’
‘Fish don’t tend to struggle unless they’ve taken the bait and are stuck on a hook.’ Perry laughed.
Raven’s nostrils flared.
‘If you want Erase off your back, go away and let us work,’ Alexander turned away from Perry and faced Raven, ‘houses or tunnels?’
‘Houses.’
‘Start with this house,’ Zoe gestured towards a specific house. ‘Minimal effort.’
Raven tilted her head sideways so she could peer around Zoe. ‘On second thought maybe tunnels. You go in there Zoe, we’ll wait.’
‘Of course I’ll, oops.’ Zoe smiled and bobbled her head as she bit her bottom lip. ‘Crimson, it’s a trick. I better be more careful, aye?’
‘You’re a total,’ Raven shook her head.
Zoe winked. ‘Work harder, not smarter.’
‘It’s the other way round moron,’ Raven barely got the words out before Perry pushed her towards the tunnels.
‘Good you belong underground like the worm you a—’ Perry’s words were cut short as Alexander shoved him back towards his office.
‘Sorry did my eyes just glaze over?’ Zoe played with her hair as she watched Raven disappear. ‘I’m totally bored.’
Perry slapped Alexander’s hand away and stepped towards Zoe. ‘Is that why you killed them?’
‘I only killed Harper.’
‘Well that’s a problem then,’ Perry scoffed. ‘Harry was the one they wanted dead.’
‘What did he do?’ She was fidgeting again.
‘Seriously?’
‘Amaze haze always has an exit,’ Alexander nodded; he kept an eye on her, she looking more and more bewildered. ‘Maze.’
‘Yes he fed his little rat everyday,’ Perry snorted. ‘Then talked to it a bit too much.’
‘Sorry did my eyes just glaze over? Totally bored,’ she scoffed. ‘Work harder, not smarter.’
‘Is she glitching?’ Perry laughed but he looked concerned as Zoe wandered away from them.
‘She just bleary, is, she is, hairy,’ the words made Alexander want to faint. It reminded him how exhausted he was, his legs felt like concrete blocks while his head kept drooping.
Perry chuckled. ‘My house is sheltered.’
‘Which one do I talk too?’ Alexander pointed at the two Perrys that appeared before him but he could not tell which one was real or if any of them were.
There were no words coming out of Perry’s mouth even though it was moving.
‘A man talking down a hole has no power, he’s just trying to help. He just help.’ His mind was aching as it strained to complete primary functions. ‘Help, he help. Why does that taste wrong?’
‘Well follow me I’ll help you, we’ll look at the monitors.’ Perry grabbed Alexander’s wrist and dragged him.
‘Okay.’ The words seemed wrong but Alexander was too weary to argue instead he shuffled behind Perry. ‘You don’t help.’
Every step was painful, his body felt so heavy. There was no part of himself that he could control. Somehow he was a passenger to a weird force that was pushing him forward. His words were so jumbled. It did not matter, his mouth would not move. His body had shut down to the point were only automatic functions were working.
‘You’re safe now,’ Perry stroked his hair. The touch was weird and unnatural because it was forced.
Alexander laughed. It was defiantly a nightmare.
‘These boys want to talk to you,’ Perry’s breath was so strong. It woke up part of Alexander’s mind.
The room had more structure to it than the others. Alexander felt more alert within its walls. As the fog lifted, he realised that he was in Faraday cage. He was still confused by it all but he could not stop the feeling of relief that washed over him. It made his legs crumple. All he wanted to do was go to sleep.
‘Enjoy,’ Perry ruffled Alexander’s hair before he walked away. The doors were so camouflaged, Alexander only knew there were two parallel ones because he had walked through one and Perry had walked through them both.
Suddenly the empty room was full of strangers. He could feel their breath on the nape of his neck, he did not know how long they had been hovering around him. His vision was still too blurry to be reliable. Their breathing was the only indication that he was not alone.
‘Raven’s comrade,’ a man growled. ‘We’ve been waiting for you.’
Even though the group sounded angry, Alexander refused to go back outside. He could almost feel himself dying.
‘Oh great.’
A large skull with sunken eyes and an unflinching gaze stepped into Alexander’s narrow vision. ‘It’s not a good thing,’ the man sneered.
Alexander shivered.
‘I was there when Raven first came, she killed everyone, maimed a few. Her last comrade joined in. I thought they were both worthless pieces of crud then I saw you just standing there while we all fell to our knees screaming in pain.’ Globs of spit were flying out of the man’s twisted mouth and landing on Alexander’s cheek. ‘You just stared at our suffering and did nothing to stop it.’
‘Were you there?’
The man rolled his eyes so far back that the whites were all that were visible.
‘Was I?’ Alexander’s memory was so fuzzy. He did not remember much from the moment he lost consciousness in the cave to the moment he stepped inside their grotesque world.
The man snorted, ‘We’ve already established that you were. Don’t use our environment as an excuse. You must have acclimatized to it by now!’
‘What did you say your name was?’
‘I didn’t.’
‘Hmm,’ Alexander grimaced against the blow, his wrist cracked against the pressure as the man dropped to the floor with a thud. There was shift in the crowd, now their whispered words were full of anger and fear. His arm was electrified, he pushed aside the pain and refocused.
‘Impressive,’ Rex muscled his way to the front.
‘So do you all feel the same way that I should’ve helped you fight against Raven?’ His eyesight was sharp and clear. The shift was disorientating and made him feel like he was not truly there.
They all nodded.
‘Honestly I was half-sleep but even if I wasn’t you started it,’ it felt like an immature thing to say but he said it anyway. ‘What did you expect? Don’t start a fight you can’t finish.’
Rex glanced down at the fallen man, his eyebrow twitched. ‘Interesting choice of words considering the current situation.’
‘Accurate I’d say.’
‘No just a different point of view.’ Rex looked Alexander up and down as if he was weighing up all his options.
‘Thinking instead of acting, hmm,’ Alexander cradled his hand and sighed. ‘What have you done with the real Rex?’
‘You dare to antagonize me?’ Rex gestured to his men. ‘Tear him limb from limb.’
They hesitated.
‘What the hell is this?’ Rex’s nostrils flared, ‘Do as I say right now!’
‘Saw what he did,’ they murmured.
‘That was not entirely his doing, look where we are now? Safe. So attack.’
‘Safe?’ Alexander felt his mouth fracture into an ugly sneer as he applied pressure to his wrist; it crackled. ‘Perhaps this is who I really am. Maybe it wasn’t always the case but right now you are right to be afraid.’
‘Who says we’re frightened and of what?’ Rex shook his head but his hand was also shaking. Their eyes met. His face flushed as he realised that Alexander had seen his fear.
‘Of me. I want nothing more than you to attack me so I am justified in tearing you limb from limb.’
‘He’s just bluffing. Trying to talk his way out of the situation like he always does. People like that are all talk no action. Go!’
They reluctantly shuffled forward a few feet.
‘Attack,’ Rex snapped his teeth together so hard that part of his tooth flew off. No one batted an eye as if it was part of their daily life.
‘I like how you send them first,’ Alexander could feel all the life draining out of his face. ‘But I’m the piece of crud, really?’
They were all avoiding his gaze. He knew that his eyes were stone cold.
Rex shuffled back.
‘Time to test your theory, any volunteers?’



27



All the houses looked too similar, Zoe was sick of searching them. Now she was just destroying them instead. The snapping boards were making a huge racket but no one was stopping her. Splinters dug into her skin as she smashed the flimsy supports with a mixture of kicks and punches. She smirked. The whole structure collapsed with barely a whisper as if it was made from feathers.
‘What are you doing?’
Zoe looked around for the inquisitive voice but could not find anyone.
‘Up here, I’m Peyton. You must be Zoe?’
‘Yeah,’ her eyes found the strange woman perched on top of a house.
‘Could you please stop destroying our houses?’ The woman’s monotone words were threatening to put Zoe to sleep. Even though the woman was dangling from a house, she was dull. Zoe had never met someone who was so bland and utterly boring.
‘You are?’
‘Peyton. Green means go.’
‘Right Peyton, I’m looking for the homicidal detectives so I can keep you all safe.’ Zoe was not sure if there were citizens in the town, she was yet to see any. All the structures looked fake and useless.
Peyton’s whistle caught Zoe off guard.
Suddenly a few hundred people were swarming over three houses, within seconds they had stripped them down to the ground. Before she could thank them, they disappeared as fast as they had appeared.
‘Wow.’
‘The only entrances and exits to the tunnels,’ Peyton paused. ‘You do realise the tunnels aren’t made for people?’
‘I remember,’ Zoe smiled.
‘Why didn’t you tell your friend who jumped down there?’
There was a big delay in Zoe’s response, she only processed half of the woman’s sentence. For some reason she was unnerved by the stranger even though she had been nothing but nice. In fact no one had ever made such a good impression on Zoe before, people were normally more closed off. It was one of the downsides to living in such a cutthroat environment.
‘Why didn’t you tell your f—’
‘Right,’ she shook her head. ‘I don’t have a friend down there.’
‘Okay, well…’ Peyton slid down the roof.
‘There is no need to come down here don’t,’ she shuffled back as Peyton landed.
‘Whatever’s going on between you two, leave us out of it. The incinerator is getting full.’
‘I don’t know what that means,’ Zoe was perplexed. ‘Did I miss something?’
Peyton shook her head. ‘Leave us out of it.’
‘You say that like I have any control over the situation,’ Zoe pulled her bottom lip until it slid from her fingers and snapped back. ‘Why is the freezer full? I thought any bodies immediately went to Erase.’
‘Not when they are eviscerated. They lose their value and Erase loses their patience.’
‘How many?’
‘Since you and your friends arrived or accumulatively?’
‘In the last hour.’
‘Two hundred.’
‘Raven killed two hundred people?’
‘Why do you assume it was her or that she had no help?’
‘Perry wouldn’t help her, Alexander wouldn’t kill anyone let alone civilians and who else is there?’ Zoe mumbled. ‘Not that she needs any help ruining other people’s lives. It comes naturally to her.’
‘A cornered animal will always attack, what do they have to lose?’
‘Then don’t corner her,’ Zoe shrugged. ‘Just a thought.’
‘If you want to take her out of the equation, you already have her trapped.’
‘I think you overestimate my power.’ Zoe started to pick the tiny hair on her face.
‘You underestimate yours. Believe what you want too,’ Peyton disappeared before she finished her sentence. ‘But please leave us be.’



28



The dank tunnel was closing in on Raven. She was sensitive to the slightest of sounds. Hours of searching had resulted in nothing. The tunnels were just as fake as the rest of the town. All of them where either narrow tubes that only air could pass through or they were dead ends. She sighed. There was no way Rex could fit down there let alone a dozen of his men.
Every tiny sound was magnified as her heart skip a beat, she started to hallucinate.
‘You stupid rat, Perry, I know you can hear me!’ Raven ranted. ‘You don’t have the courage to face me. Do you know why?’
Her ears pricked up. The trickling of water made her head spin. Her skin was dry and flaky. Little flecks of white seemed to cover her clothes.
‘Why?’ She lost her train of thought. ‘Oh yeah because you’re a coward.’
The wall smashed into her mouth.
Shocked she stumbled backwards. The tunnel was just as deceptive as the town above.
‘You bore me,’ his voice sounded so close.
‘I excite you,’ she licked the blood off her lips. ‘Don’t worry I excite myself.’
‘You’re being so transparent, Alexander’s the one you want, right?’
She remained stoic. The dull throb of her teeth was an irritation that she could not quell. It felt like her veins had evaded her teeth. She poked them with her tongue but the irritation would not subside.
‘This will be a sombre moment for you but he’s covered in crazy.’
A whirling noise filled the small space. It echoed off the walls and made her cringe. All the entrances were sealed.
She cursed her stupidity but his sinister tone made her panic. For the first time in her life, she was consumed with concern for someone else. Even though the moment was fleeting, she enjoyed it.
‘Take a trip down memory lane.’
There was a lump in her throat, she felt like she was being suffocated by his words. It did not make any sense to her. She grabbed the slimy walls and dragged her nails down it.
‘Use your brain, there’s no way Lipowski would’ve released Zoe willingly. Years ago she must have escaped.’
In a perfect world Raven would eventually find the exit but she did not know how much time she had left or if she even wanted it at all.
‘You were always meant to go down.’
Raven snorted. ‘Normally you’re a bit more subtle with the triggers. How do you make someone obsessive if naturally they aren’t?’
‘What a time to ask such a question.’
‘I hold the power now, I could just sit here, refuse to move to the next part of the maze.’
‘Yes,’ he hissed; he loathed her defiance. ‘There are ways to influence someone’s thoughts, sometimes it just won’t work. But with those people there are other methods that can be utilised. Induced, perpetual and conditioned trauma.’
‘What method will you use for me?’
‘Curiosity. I also want to know who pulls the strings.’
‘So I can kill them for you but you’ll just replace their poison with yours.’
‘No I want to surpass them.’
She whispered, ‘You don’t need me for that, do you?’
‘You misconstrue everything,’ his voice was breathy as if he was physically fighting against someone while arguing with her. ‘And you always will if you don’t move. Now.’



29



Alexander took a deep breath. The detectives were restless, their faces were already full of disdain. Faceless strangers that lacked charisma, there was no room for it as their bodies pulsated with rage. He only had one chance to reason with them. The entire town was hiding from Raven. Everyone had been injured by her. Some had cuts and bruises, others were seriously hurt and a few were dead. He swallowed the lump in his throat. There was a part of him that felt like he was responsible for it all. He tried to control his breathing but staring at their faces was making him feel so nervous and agitated.
‘Feeling guilty for something?’ A man asked.
Alexander squinted. ‘Stuart?’
‘Know any other bald and ugly men besides this one?’ Rex blurted out the insult without flinching.
Stuart’s dull and crooked eyes were blank.
‘Where were you?’ Alexander ignored Rex and spoke over everyone else. Their blathering was incessant but futile. Nothing they said mattered, they were all stuck with a version of themselves which they did not like. A memory of someone they would never be again. Haunted by an argument that existed in their minds only.
‘Job.’
‘We all have a job to do here but no purpose,’ Rex snapped. ‘Here is something you don’t seem to realise, while we’re out of your sight the world doesn’t stop for us. We’re busy.’
‘And what is it that you do?’
‘Morgue.’
‘Don’t talk to him, I’m the new boss.’
‘And what do you do Rex?’ He cringed, his intonation was harsh.
‘Less of the cheek.’
‘Oxygen—’ It looked like Stuart was trying to say something important, his eyes looked desperate and conflicted.
Alexander bit his lips and frantically shook his head. It was not worth it, Rex was ready to devour one of them.
‘I’m the new boss,’ Rex stated. ‘This is the new Two, Three, Four, Five, Eight, Ten. Since your Terger buddies killed everyone else. Zoe killed Harper and apparently Raven killed the rest.’
‘He hasn’t,’ a voice squeaked.
‘Don’t you dare defend him, his crimes are neglectful by design.’
‘Cheery bunch of psychos, aren’t you?’
Alexander opened his mouth to speak but they cut him off before he could get a word out.
‘We don’t want to talk to you,’ they said in unison.
‘Not even I want to talk to me.’ Alexander rolled his eyes and wondered when he could find a respite from the nightmare that was his life.
‘Shut up,’ Rex’s blade glinted in the low light.
Stuart grabbed onto Rex’s arm and pulled him back, their muscles rippled against the strain.
‘Go back to your job, now!’ Rex shook off Stuart.
‘Sorry,’ Stuart mumbled as he sprinted towards the exit.
‘Now, where were we? Are we up to the point yet where you beg for your life?’ Rex’s lifeless eyes bore a hole through Alexander. ‘You are suppose to be so smart and yet you strolled into this ambush with a big smile on your goofy face.’
Alexander’s heart fluttered. The situation was chaotic. There was no way to handle everyone all at once and his words could not quell their anger.
They were ready to pounce on him at any moment. All the brainwashing he had endured bounced around in his head. He was stuck inside his own mind. It made him feel physically ill as he considered going against it all.
‘Not so smart now.’ The voice was taunting him but it felt so far away almost like it was not really there.
At any moment he felt like he would either attack them or puke. He pondered the possible actions he could take and the possible outcomes. It felt like he was seconds away from becoming unhinged. He rubbed his eyes. The pressure on him made his head feel like it could explode at any moment.
‘What do you want to do now?’ Rex patted Alexander’s cheek; the touch made him jump. ‘Are you going to cry? Is there tears under your fragile little eyes? Are your emotions stalking you?’
They all had dull and pale skin with puffy eyes. Alexander looked at the dark bags under their eyes and wondered if they were acting like manics because of sleep deprivation. There seemed to be a certain insanity that spread through them like wildfire. Even though everyone from Terger was unstable, they were at least rational.
‘Do you even know how to fight?’ Alexander mindlessly mumbled.
‘Are you going to beg us? Provoke us?’
‘When’s the last time you slept?’
‘Is that relevant?’ Rex’s face contorted. ‘I like you better when you don’t talk.’
‘Of course,’ Alexander rubbed his forehead. ‘You like what you can control. I’m just trying to decide whether your behaviour is the product of sleep deprivation or something more sinister.’
‘And?’ The bowl cut framed Rex’s face in such a way that it made his narrow face look bizarre. He looked even uglier and drew more attention to the strange shape of his skull.
‘I’m not sure.’
Rex smirked. ‘Playing with you is like playing with a fox. I’ve just got to keep letting you go so I can catch you again.’
‘Strange analogy. Foxes have teeth,’ he raised an eyebrow. ‘Not to mention their claws.’
‘I want to see you lying on the floor,’ Rex sniffled. ‘Dead.’
Alexander was mortified to see the large man stirring, ‘Is that how everyone feels?’
‘No doubt.’
‘Ah Hank, how’s your head?’
Hank moaned and moved away from them.
‘Well that was anticlimactic,’ Alexander was slightly disappointed as the adrenaline started to fade away. ‘Not to mention rude.’
‘I can call him back if you want?’
‘Hey Perry, you there?’ Alexander tentatively asked. Fatigue was clinging onto his body, he barely wanted to move. Even speaking was a strain that he did not need.
‘Asleep.’
‘Do us all a favour and don’t wake up,’ Alexander uttered the words but there was no emotion behind them. It was confusing. Now random words were spurting out of him.
Their voices were mumbling the same word within seconds of each other, ‘What?’
‘What,’ his shrill response did not go unnoticed.
‘Don’t get cute.’
‘The architect of your pain and mine is hiding behind that door. So why are you trying to take out your anger on me?’ Alexander massaged his temples, he could not remember if Perry was his employee or the mastermind behind all the chaos. His mind was starting to slip back to a couple of days ago when everything made more sense. It was jarring to live in two different places at the same time while not fully remembering or feeling like he belonged to either.
‘Because we can’t take it out on him.’
‘Well that’s reasonable but what will it accomplish?’
The detectives were starting to huddle in a corner. Their ineptitude was on full display. The constant murmurs and bickering were distracting. They were scared of a man but Alexander did not know which one.
‘You want us to kill him? Don’t you realise he’s listening and probably watching us right now?’ Rex’s expression was confounding. Even his eyes seemed to be tumultuous pits of information, full of knowledge that was just out of reach. Alexander could not decipher it and did not know how to respond.
‘Why not?’ It felt like Alexander was being swept out to sea, he could no longer rely on his intellect or emotional intelligence. ‘Do you want him watching you forever? Controlling you, tampering with your sanity, making you suffer, die. He will never let you go. Just kill him instead problem solved.’
The detectives looked at each other, their voices started to increase in energy and volume.
Alexander was surprised by how easy it was to convince them to turn on their master. It made the hairs on the back of his neck stand up. The goosebumps coated every inch of exposed skin. He suppressed a shiver. Somehow he felt like the only way out of the situation was to kill. It sickened him that he felt a rush of ecstasy.
‘I don’t want to hurt you but I will.’
‘We don’t doubt that,’ Rex looked pensive as if he wanted to test his enemy’s strength before he committed to an attack. All of a sudden a man grabbed his shoulder and whispered in his ear.
‘Ha. Are they not allowed to speak directly to me?’ The snide remark made them all cringe.
Rex’s eyes flashed. ‘Why are you hesitating? Because you know you’ll like it and won’t be able to stop? It’s the only way to feel alive, to drown out the pain and revel in someone else’s for a change.’
‘I’m naturally a bit lazy and don’t want to do something I don’t have too.’ The words flowed out of his mouth without his permission.
‘Right, if only it was that simple.’
‘There’s only so much one person can take in life. Some people take it out on themselves, which is what I think you do. Stupid. Be selfish. Hurt us instead of yourself,’ Rex encouraged. ‘Don’t be shy.’
‘Are you slightly masochistic?’
‘Do you want me to be?’
The room was shocked into silence. They all looked around at each other. No one seemed to know how to react.
‘Wow.’
‘Look for someone that has something you want and instead of being ruined by jealousy use your selfishness to completely crush them. What makes you unique?’ Rex’s eyes were haunting pits of suffering.
The detectives shuffled away from Rex.
‘Something you should hold onto forever.’
‘And people like you seek to destroy it all.’ Alexander placed his palm under his chin pulled the corners of his mouth down. ‘So far it’s a fail. Because one person in this room won’t give it up.’
‘I will get you. Give it time, speaking of, we know what you’re trying to do,’ Rex smirked. ‘Stall. But no one is coming to save you. Raven’s trapped and becoming more and more unhinged with every passing moment. Meanwhile Zoe’s having a meltdown or perhaps she’s just stupid. Either way, no one’s coming for you this time. Time to make your own decisions and mistakes.’
‘Well now I’m just confused. Perhaps it is better to kill you then because this is torture.’ Alexander yanked his hair out before he fell asleep. The pain awakened part of his mind and stopped his head from falling forward.
‘Zoe didn’t kill Kershaw, she was taken by…’ Rex bit his lip and snickered. ‘Replace by… Well that would be telling now, wouldn’t it? Anyway, Zoe covered your mistake so you wouldn’t learn the truth and be oh so upset.’
‘Okay ugly, you’re going to give me a name. And it better be the right one,’ Alexander cracked his knuckles. ‘I’ll try my best not to kill you but no promises.’
‘There’s my devious fox,’ Rex’s smile made Alexander shiver. ‘Show us your teeth.’



30



Zoe held her breath. Ruby red droplets were splattered all around the confined space but the bodies were still moving. Their chests were still heaving. Alexander’s eyes were devoid of life. Everything about him was disturbing. She tried to reach out to him but her hand faltered. When he went dark it rivalled all the horror her eyes had witnessed so far. A bubbling pot of hatred and pain, the bulk of which lay beneath the surface like an iceberg.
‘The citizens helped me…’ she blinked slowly as she tried to shake the image away from her mind. ‘Tunnels blocked. Perry knew… all along?’
‘Who,’ his voice was robotic, ‘Kershaw?’
Zoe bit her lip. ‘The person that Perry will frame for the murders.’
‘I see.’
‘Trust me, you shouldn’t know. Right now you’re volatile.’
‘Who the hell are you? You’re not my friend. The moment when I truly needed you and you said you were the cause of all my pain,’ he grabbed her shoulders and clung onto her. ‘At least now I still have you.’
She quickly guided him away from Perry’s office.
‘We need to go back. Perry’s the only one that can free Raven.’
‘No, just leave her to rot.’
‘Why?’
‘Because she did the same thing to me,’ she blurted out the truth before she could stop herself.
‘You’ve been here before,’ his gestures were jittery.
‘That’s why I was here, for revenge and that’s also how I managed to get in.’
‘You know of another way into the tunnels?’
‘No I know the way out of them.’
‘Just help her, please.’
‘Why should I?’
‘For me?’
‘I’d love to help you but only she can save herself.’ She sighed. ‘We can’t access it from here.’
‘Where do we need to be?’
‘In the tunnel,’ she spoke through gritted teeth. ‘I want nothing more than to see her rot but I can’t. Just like I can’t help her.’
‘Can Perry?’
‘No,’ she looked down at the ground. ‘She’s on her own now. I doubt we will ever see her again.’
‘Oh you knew this would happen,’ he shook his head. ‘I’d never go down there and you knew that.’
‘She chose to go. I would’ve mentioned it but she just talks over me. Once she makes up her mind, nothing can change it. She just switches off and hears what she wants. The whole world revolves around her truth. Even though we all know it’s a pack of lies. Leave her to her delusions, she’ll eventually destroy herself.’
‘What happened to you?’
‘Raven became who Lipowski wanted her to be. But I wouldn’t sell out so she left me to rot,’ her tongue dug into the small cut in her mouth. ‘To die. They both did. As per usual the creator of this hellhole, likes his little trapdoors and tricks. I escaped.’
‘To Terger?’
‘Erase first then Terger.’
‘You never said.’
‘And you never asked.’
He looked towards the cliff and smiled.
‘Yes that’s the exit. And no only she can find it. It opens from the inside only, a specific needle surrounded by needles. If you change into a needle you will only help them hide behind you.’



31



Raven’s face was coated in mud and grit. There was nothing she could do, she wondered where her brain had gone. To walk into such an obvious trap was such a blow to her ego that she debated whether she wanted to escape. It felt like it was a suitable punishment. Ever since she had stepped into Xaoh, she had been outplayed by Perry to the point where she felt safer in the dank pit. At least he was nowhere near her.
‘Great, Alexander’s in trouble so he can’t help and Zoe won’t help. You’ve won. Happy now, what the hell do you want?’
‘Pain,’ Perry snickered. ‘I want you to suffer as I have and will in the future. Just in case you don’t get the full amount, I don’t want you to miss out on any of it.’
‘This reminds me of all the times we needed to hide, until I found out how to hide in plain sight,’ she answered but she was no longer talking to him. ‘And you were left all alone.’
Perry was either not listening or he was purposely ignoring her pitiful words.
‘We clung to each other and I left you.’ The realisation hit her like a ton of bricks. ‘No wonder you won’t save me from the same fate I doomed you too. Even though technically it was Lipowski’s fault, you…’
She cradled the rock.
‘We had each other, that’s all you wanted. And all I wanted was to escape this life. I ran into other identities until I could no longer recognize my own face,’ her fingertips brushed against her face; the sensation made her cringe. ‘My own words. They were someone else’s, someone I emulated, someone I killed. Yeah I ruined some lives too maybe more than Lipowski ever did. Identities don’t come from nowhere. Don’t judge me. Not you.’
The rock was slimy. Its touch was so devoid of life.
‘This is so much easier than talking to you rock Zoe, real Zoe you just don’t listen.’ Her brow furrowed as she try to replay her words. ‘I don’t even make sense to myself anymore. Ram. Da, duh. You’re so different when you’re with him, I hate it.’
Her skin felt like it did not belong to her anymore.
‘As if you can only think about what you want to say, how you want to be perceived or perhaps you don’t care enough to listen. Unless it’s Alexander then you hang on his every word.’
She threw the stone.
‘You’re pathetic how you cling onto him. Are all your words and thoughts his? Were they planted there or you just like people like you? Lonely little sap. I’ll never need like that, I don’t need anyone.’ She screamed her words before slamming her fists into the cold metal. ‘I don’t need anyone.’
The cave created a visceral sensation of fear. It only exacerbated her feelings of immense mental instability. She felt like if Alexander was in the same situation that he could handle it. But she knew that she was chosen for this particular torment as payback for her actions.
Her incoherent ramblings made her fear for her sanity. Their agenda was written into her psyche. She wondered if there was any piece of herself that remained.



32



The damp office was devoid of life. A dusty carpet of mud held Zoe’s feet in place. Perry sat on the only chair. His face was lit up by the tiny monitors that lined his desk. The eerie glow made him look unnatural and made her stomach churn. His hair looked like a few pitchforks were sitting on his forehead.
‘Why is your hair so clumpy?’ She softened her voice and twirled a piece of her hair around her finger.
‘Really is that why you backtracked, just to ask me that?’ He moved away from her as she reached out to pat his hair. The movement annoyed him so much that she decided to play with him a bit longer. She still remembered how much pain she felt when he tied her to a chair.
‘Been busy fighting your own shadow?’ Her eyes slowly fluttered around the curves in his jawline, nose and body.
He shifted uncomfortably. The movement started in his shoulder and flickered out. Until his fidgeting became more of a distraction to her than his dishevelled appearance.
She held her breath.
‘I won’t ask you again, what do you want?’ He screwed up his lips and crinkled his nose.
As she leaned over the desk, she slowly released a breathy whisper so close to his ear that he flinched at every syllable. ‘Want, mm no, more of a need. Let her go.’
‘Raven?’ He snorted and jumped back.
‘Can you please just let her go?’ Zoe gritted her teeth.
‘You are talking about Raven, Raven?’ He scoffed. ‘Well I never thought I’d see the day.’
‘Just do it.’ She backed away from him and quashed the flirtation. It was annoying him but it was also creeping her out.
‘Okay, if you do me a favour.’ He leaned forward as he sensed the shift in power. His hands slowly stroked his chin.
‘What?’ The hairs on the back of her neck stood up.
‘You sound so excited by it. The person we’ve framed, I need you to make sure everything works. Be in the right place at the right time.’ His weight shifted in the chair so quickly and forcefully that it took her off guard.
‘I’ll try my best but you are talking in riddles,’ she could barely catch her breath. ‘Isn’t going to make it easy.’
‘Don’t trust you with a set plan. Look what happened at the atrium, utter chaos.’ He pressed his finger into his lip and stared at her.
‘You caused it.’
‘Most of it, sure, but you. Don’t pretend that it was Alexander. He didn’t go on a little killing spree. Who told you to do so?’
‘You manipulated the situation so I couldn’t get out.’ She leaned over the desk and looked into his eyes. ‘If I didn’t know any better, I’d start to think that the only thing you truly love… is…’
‘My wife.’
‘Why? Are you married to the chaos?’ She smirked. ‘For years, you blamed it all on your grief, on your son, on the doctor. Vindictive venom from a man with a broken heart or a man that doesn’t have one.’
He smiled and moved forward until his breath was on her lips.
‘We know the truth,’ she whispered the words so softly as if she was afraid of them. ‘You only love chaos.’
‘It’s the lifeblood that flows through my veins and into my core. The only thing that sustains me. Are we not the same?’
‘Let Raven go.’
‘Why?’
‘I need her, where I can see her, where I can hurt her,’ she gritted her teeth.
‘Hm,’ Perry grimaced. ‘This about where you came from. Forget it. I watched Avery sprint in the wrong direction for years, be a shame if you wasted your time like that.’
‘Everyone that Alexander loves, must you ruin them?’
‘She chose him over me. F—’
‘A decision you should also have made.’
‘He doesn’t have the spirit that I crave.’
‘Yet you play around with his mind as if you can’t live without making him suffer every moment of every day. Can he get a break from you? Why can’t you just let him be happy? You vicious scum. What did he ever do to deserve this?’
‘You disappoint me,’ his eyes flashed. ‘But that’s nothing new, you were such a useless worm that you spent most of your time underneath our feet.’
‘Chaos is Raven’s middle name, if you’re hiding from her then you’re hiding from what you profess to love. Something that tends to change depending on what mood you find yourself in.’
‘Why won’t you come near me?’ He leant back in his chair. ‘Still got some nightmares or post traumatic stress disorder from our time together?’
She walked up to his desk and leaned over it. ‘Who’s afraid of being within close proximity to you? I had the situation under control the entire time.’
‘I must admit, you surprised me. Didn’t really know what you were capable of, it was frightening. You were so cold.’ He evaded her personal space. ‘It’s interesting how a guilty mind works.’
Zoe was trying to search for the right answer in her mind but she drew a blank.
‘Does anyone ever truly know someone? What do you know about me?’
Her eyes flickered as she tried to figure out his game.
‘It’s not a trick, just answer honestly.’
‘Everything is a trick with you,’ she raised an eyebrow and sneered. ‘I don’t think you are who you pretend to be, you don’t seem old enough, mature enough, smart enough, rich enough. Shall I continue or have I already made my point?’
‘To be…’ He bit his lip and moved even closer.
‘Is it a control thing?’
‘What?’ His sour breath was on her cheek.
She held her ground, ‘Why does everyone have to be a decaying pit of hatred and contempt?’
‘Like me you mean?’ He grabbed her head and slammed it into the desk. ‘Everyone must be like me.’
Her head bounced off the desk with a clunk. Blood dribbled down her chin and dripped onto the desk. Her teeth had sliced through her tongue.
‘Ow,’ he taunted. ‘Clumsy.’
‘Why did you do that? Right because you’re a,’ she sucked on her tongue; her blood was bitter. ‘Use your imagination.’
He chuckled.
‘Almost forgot. Thanks for the reminder. Let me give you one, you’re not Alexander’s father,’ she dragged her hand over her lip until it displace her jaw. ‘You’re just another decoy.’
‘If you say so then it must be true,’ he glanced down at the blood on his desk. ‘You’re a beckon of truth, honesty. Everything you say must be true.’
‘Let me get that for you,’ her hands darted out and grabbed his head. The slimy object wiggled between her fingers. She slammed his head into the desk with all the force she could muster.
Suddenly his head was bouncing back up again. His eyes rolled into the back of his head as he collapsed onto the dirt. The loud thud sent a mountain of dust up into the air.
‘If you want something done right,’ Zoe jumped onto the desk and stare at it. ‘Do it yourself all by yourself, like you always do.’
The entire space was sparse. There were no obvious buttons or hidden devices. Her eyes burned. It looked like Erase was the one in control as per usual. She did not care. Either way she wanted them both to suffer and with her actions, she had just made that happen.
She glanced down at his bloodied head and smiled. ‘I hope one day you can feel all the pain you’ve inflicted onto others ten fold. But until that special day, let this be a little taste of things to come. Here’s to many more.’



33



The tunnels were hollow but they were all empty. Alexander wondered what had happened in Perry’s office, Zoe was pale and seemed to be very subdued. The more time he spent with her, the more he felt like something was wrong. She did not seem surprised by Raven’s disappearance.
‘It’s empty, what the hell?’ Alexander crinkled his brow. ‘This isn’t good. Are you bleeding?’
‘You think?’ Zoe looked baffled.
‘Defiantly,’ he shook his head. ‘She knows these mazes like the back of her hand. Dare I say, she may have designed a few.’
‘So there’s a way out?’ She seemed to have temporary amnesia.
‘No only there,’ he pointed towards the sky. ‘And the cave that dragged us into this nightmare.’
‘If you squint you can kind of see the entrance,’ she paused as he lightly touched her chin and altered her gaze. ‘Oh.’
‘The outline is very faint,’ he chuckled. ‘When you look in the right place.’
She cradled her mouth and tried not to join him but he could tell by her eyes that she was already laughing. The only reason she would be hiding it was because they were under constant surveillance.
‘How’s Perry?’
‘Fine.’
He sighed.
‘Where’s your friend?’ Peyton came over to them.
‘Not here,’ Zoe cringed and walked away.
‘Something wrong?’
‘Do you know any other way out of here?’
‘Up or through. No other way, didn’t even know there were tunnels.’
A thought popped into Alexander’s head but he was not sure whether he should say it or not.
‘What is it?’
He hesitated. ‘Do the detectives volunteer people for Erase?’
‘Why do you ask?’
‘After a while people must of gotten a little bit suspicious, especially when no one ever returned.’
‘You think we’re a recruitment agency. That if we hit a certain quota, we get to live?’
Alexander’s smile dropped. ‘I didn’t mean to offend you, sorry.’
‘It’s okay. We don’t do that. I will go see if anyone else can help you find your friend, she can’t have gone far.’ Peyton spun around and dashed away. He had defiantly offended her. The truth was often a hard pill to swallow. Especially when most people never voiced what was really happening in their life.
Zoe returned.
‘They work for Erase willingly. Terger’s citizens for theirs.’
‘Are you surprised?’
‘Surprised?’ He rubbed his eyes and sighed. ‘No, disappointed, yes.’
‘Take them not me, basic survival instinct.’
‘Just hoped that they had more integrity than that.’ He stuck out his bottom lip. As soon as he realised what he was doing, he quickly pulled it back in. But it was too late, she had seen it and was already mocking him.
‘You’re strange,’ she pulled her lip down. ‘Sometimes you expect too much from people and other times not enough.’
‘Oh,’ he dragged out the word. ‘You act like you aren’t and that you don’t like it. When we both know you secretly do.’
‘Don’t project your behaviour onto me,’ Peyton smirked. ‘You’re bothered by it, I can see it in your eyes.’
‘I’m sick of it all, I’m tired,’ he yawned and pulled at the corners of his eyes. ‘I want to go to sleep and you all just keep pushing and pushing. Don’t be surprise if eventually I push back.’
‘You think I control this environment?’ Peyton rolled her eyes. ‘I don’t care, it doesn’t matter to me. This is my life and you’re just a passing distraction. I’ve been nothing be nice to you. I’m not going to say something just because it’s what you want to hear.’
Alexander looked down and shook his head. Suddenly he had lost the conversation. He no longer knew who she was or what he was meant to be saying.
‘They give it away for free until you get attached then it costs you.’
‘Debatable whether it was ever free or if merely looking, listening at it has a cost. Steals a piece that you can’t get back.’ He yawned so wide that his teeth hurt. ‘Am I speaking? I thought it was you.’
‘Truth and silence.’
‘Huh, truth in silence?’ Alexander asked but their voices were muffled. Everything was tangled and stuck. He was trying to unpick it in his mind but the more he tried to find reality the more it scratched out his eyeballs and sprinted away.



34



The solid ground beneath Raven crumbled and sent her tumbling down. She landed awkwardly on her knees. The dust fluttered up. It felt like it was burning through her lungs and corrupting her body. A thick layer of dust clung to her skin. It was suffocating. She blinked against the thick film that coated her eyeballs.
Her pursuers were inches away, she could hear their hushed whispers. A loud thud made her squirm. Her whole body ached and screamed at her but she forced herself to get up. The prison was just as small as before but now there were two paths. She stumbled forward, tripping over her feet. The fatigue was making her clumsy.
There was a path on the right that was bright and seemed safe. She headed towards it. After the first curve, it became a curling tail of sharp turns. She sprinted as fast as she could. Her feet were more agile than her pursuers. The space was becoming progressively smaller.
She gasped. Even her narrow shoulders were starting to struggle. The last turn was impossible to make. It was shrinking. She shuffled backwards until she was able to turn around.
Her heart was in her mouth as she backtracked. At any moment she could run into her attacker. Her clothes were drenched with sweat. They stuck to her skin and made her feel clammy. The small space and exhaustion amplified the sound of her panting. It echoed around her and filled her ears. She tried to settle her racing heart and slow down her breathing. The element of surprise was the only thing she had going for her.
A thudding noise echoed around her. Suddenly a man with bulky shoulders and thick muscles was in front of her. She dashed under his legs. The dirt pulled at her clothing and skin. She ignored the discomfort and wiggled under.
The dirt puffed up. It inflamed her eyes and coated her mouth. Despite the discomfort she increased her speed. She could feel his fingers reaching for her, his solid thighs scraped against her skin. As she scrabbled up, he tried to turn. His bulky shoulders would not comply with the rapid movement.
She kicked out. He tumbled forward into a narrow section. She was relieved. He was already struggling in the section he was in, he probably would not have gone any further. His panting filled the space as he glanced back at her. She felt a stab of guilt flow through her body. The feeling did not last long, she pushed it aside and sprinted back to the crossroads.
Their hushed whispers were starting to get frantic and frenzy. It sounded like they did not know what to do or where to go. A shrill voice started to bark out orders.
She swallowed the lump in her throat and quickly squirted around the tunnel entrance. It was a fools errand. They looked down at her and started to yell.
The path was dark. She could see the shadow of something sinister in front of her but she was trapped. There were multiple thuds behind her. It seemed like there were at least four pursuers. She did not want to fight in such a confined and horrible place. It was easier to flee.
A rabbit burrow of weird angles was blocking her path. She felt around the jagged mounds. There was a tiny path that she could squeeze through. She glanced back. The men were squabbling but a woman was seconds away from grabbing her ankle and pulling her back.
She held her breath and slid through the first part. Her body contorted into unusual shapes. There was a dull pulsating pain that flowed through her body but she was too frightened to stop. Her tube top was already around her ankles. But her crop top and sweat pants were hanging on by a thread.
The obstacles were bulky and annoying but they were designed in such a way that she could move around them. Unfortunately her pursuers were also slender and agile.
A sharp pain dug into her flesh. Some of the mounds were covered in thorns. Tiny little needles pricked into her skin. It felt like she was crawling through cactuses. Even though it was excruciating she would not stop until she reached the end. Every movement, no matter how small, dug the objects deeper into her skin. She resisted the urge to scream. There was still a lot of commotion behind her and she did not want to give them extra motivation to increase their speed. She wanted them to be demoralised so they would slow down or give up.
As she wiggled her way out of the trap, she pondered stopping to rest. Her enemies were the least of her worries, her energy was fading away. She stumbled over to the hole. There was a dark space at the corner of the right path. She knew that it had to be a dummy path that lead to nowhere. As she tiptoed around the ledge a plan formulated in her head. She needed to rest. There was no telling what was below her, if it was anything like the rest of it then she did not want to go on. She would rather double back. The dark corner was sheltered, she debated the decision in her mind. It was risky but she was desperate.
A scratching noise made her dive into the dark space just as a dark figure tumbled into view and sprinted towards the hole. It looked like a shadow as it flew over the ledge like it was nothing. Her heart sunk as it came closer. It felt like her blood was pumping so savagely through her veins that it was causing the ground to shift beneath them. The noise seemed to be so deafening that there was no way her pursuer would not hear it.
They were inches away from each other but Hale turned the corner and walked forward. She was so focused on the path ahead that nothing else mattered. On the way back she would not be. As she approached the dead end, there was a flash of something. It happened so quickly that Raven did not understand what her eyes were seeing.
Hale’s head was twisted at an awkward angle, her soulless eyes were staring at Raven.
The scream was high-pitched and involutionary. Raven had never seen someone’s body contort into such a weird shape. Without a second thought, she sprinted away from the blood-soaked corpse.
She ran towards the hole and dropped down. It was another crossroad. This time the one on the left looked like a dead end, the one on the right looked safe but she knew it was hiding a sinister secret.
A trickle of stones scattered above her head. As she glanced up, she saw Fry’s wonky eyes staring at her. She sprinted away. There was another tiny corner that was shrouded in darkness. She had a split second to hide herself. As she dived for the dark corner, she realised that she was facing the rock. It seemed like a good idea, easier than trying to stifle her breath. She clung to wall.
Sure enough he sprinted past her.
He heard her movement and spun around to face her. ‘Silly girl, we’re going to tear you to shreds. Why didn’t you kill us all when you had the chance? You must have known that we would stop at nothing to hurt you? Seems like you have lost your ruthless streak. Has Alexander made you soft?’
A blurry object sprung sideways. He was thrown through a false wall but splattered into a real one. She jumped towards him. It was a stupid movement, she could not help him. As his body tumbled down a narrow hole, she sprinted away.
Her ears strained to hear a noise but it never came. The hole seemed to go on forever because she never heard a thud. Instead she heard the skittering of stones above her.
She dashed around the tunnel entrance and kept on running. It looked like a dead end but she continued towards it.
Frantically her hands slid up and down the wall. Before she could catch her breath, she noticed that there was an opening at the top. She clung onto the rock and launched herself up.
It was a short climb but her fingernails were bleeding against the harsh rock. After a painful effort, she managed to get her ankle over the ledge. Her leg muscles rippled as her arms shuddered. She threw her body weight onto the other side of the wall.
There was a strange texture on the other side of it. She splashed into the liquid. It closed around her mouth and made her panic. Her heart was racing. She forced it to calm down as she floated on her back. The further she went the more it closed in.
As the tunnel became progressively narrower, the air pockets were harder to reach. The claustrophobic space was making it harder to breathe. Psychologically the terrifying situation was taking more of a toll on her lungs than the lack of oxygen. They were refusing to work properly and hampering her efforts to escape the tight space.
Eventually the only way to reach the next air pocket would be underwater. Her lungs were aching.
The rock wall was slimy. Her blood was leaking into the clear water. She could not see the next air pocket. Her limbs felt like lead as her mind faded away.



35



Alexander traced his finger around the scar on his leg. A mixture of the wound not being properly treated and an extreme amount of weight loss had exacerbated it. The house was just as dull and empty as all the other ones. He was more interested in his displaced skin. It looked like it no longer fit his body. As if it was slipping away faster than his sanity. He yawned as he tried to focus on the man’s feeble words. A layer of dust was coating his skin. His eyes were watering from the grit.
‘Stop moving, every time you do I get dust in my eyes.’ Alexander rubbed them until the sensation became so familiar he gave up. Every single ounce of energy needed to be directed towards the interview. But most his energy was spent on trying to keep his eyes open.
The frumpy man nervously adjusted his jaw. ‘I didn’t mean it,’ a single tear rolled down his cheek.
‘Can you tell me about Raven?’ Alexander yawned, he was not moved by the vapid display.
‘She was horrible,’ he picked at his curly beard. His greasy hair hung over his eyebrows while his beard covered as much of his face as it possibly could. Despite his efforts, the scar was still visible across his nose. It made its way from his forehead down to his neck. The scar was a prominent reminder for everyone not to disobey.
‘No,’ Alexander grumbled. ‘I mean specifically why did you murder her?’
‘She was horrible.’ His eyes were empty, like the light was on but no one was home. It was a losing battle trying to get too much out of him.
Instead Alexander decided to pick his battles. He glanced down at the questions he was suppose to ask. There was no way to memorize anything in such a harsh environment. He was running on empty, half of his mind had already gone to sleep.
Every noise was a distraction that his mind could not process. He tried to block out the humming. Eventually he gave into it and relaxed into the fatigue.
‘How did you kill her?’ Alexander tapped his pen on the pad of paper. The place was so sparse, he was surprised they had found anything to write with.
‘I strangled her?’ He blurted out the words but he had no connection to them. It was either desensitization to the script or to life. There was no way to tell which one it was and nobody really cared.
‘Are you asking me or telling me?’ Alexander cringed, the man was an awful actor. The gears that were turning in his head were visible on his face as it contorted with every word. When his face was not doing acrobatics, it was blank.
‘Pardon?’
‘I think I would prefer it if you didn’t care and were doped out of your mind,’ Alexander mumbled. ‘Because this odd mix of desperation and confusion is just making me sleepy.’
‘Oh, right ha you’re making a joke. I get it.’ The man looked down at his notes. ‘Aw, yes I’m telling you. It was me.’
‘Wow.’
‘I know I’m great, you’re welcome.’
‘Please state your name for the camera.’ Alexander’s mind was starting to malfunction. A giant yawn made his teeth hurt as his head dropped down and refuse to move.
‘Stan,’ he looked down at the crumped paper in his sweaty hands. ‘It’s Stanley Field.’
‘You don’t know your own name?’ Alexander raised an eyebrow and slapped his face with both hands. ‘Please tell me exhaustion has taken me into a horrible nightmare and this isn’t reality anymore.’
‘It’s oh,’ Stanley bit his lip as he realised his mistake. ‘TJ Field, that’s my real name.’
‘Nice recovery.’
‘Really?’ Stanley clapped his hands and relaxed back into the dirt.
‘No, not really.’
‘Aw.’
‘It’s not looking promising Stan,’ he shook his head and sighed. ‘What the hell are we going to do with you now?’
‘I can do it, just give me one more chance,’ Stanley squeaked.
‘What did Perry promise you?’ He held his hands up and looked at the wooden roof. ‘Did he say he’d tell you why Delaney attacked you that day?’
‘Said I’d be a hero but I’d need to “die” not for real hence the fake name.’ He rubbed his nose, carefully avoiding the scar. ‘No, he said never to talk about that again.’
‘Who was,’ Alexander smiled, ‘Delaney’s boss at the time?’
‘Cooper?’
‘No, maybe someone who doesn’t want you to mention it again. The same person that told you your enemy was dead.’
‘Sh.’ His hands scrubbed his face but trembled when it brushed against his scar.
‘Okay Stan.’
‘I’m TJ,’ he dropped his hand down.
‘Right,’ Alexander was barely able to contain his astonishment. ‘Does Perry want you to die?’
‘No, why would he?’
‘Well, don’t take this the wrong way but you’re a moron.’ Alexander opened his mouth but he could not find the right words. They all sounded wrong in his mind.
Stan’s jaw dropped to the floor. He seemed genuinely wounded by the comment.
‘I didn’t mean to,’ Alexander’s lip twitched, he tried to ignore his guilt and embarrassment. ‘Listen, Erase is going to punish just okay take it from the top.’
‘Did you like the tears?’
‘You only managed to squeeze out one tear.’
‘Oh I need more oops, I can do it. Should I say it while crying or act cold and stoic?’ Stan was yapping like an excitable puppy. ‘How about I say I killed everyone? Would they reward me for that as well?’
‘No, they would punish you for that.’ Alexander responded to Stan’s baffled expression. ‘They like their victims… alive, so they can play with them at little, then kill them when they have served their purpose.’
‘Of course.’
‘So from the top. What happened to Raven, where is she now?’
‘I trapped her in the tunnels.’
‘No don’t use the truth, keep to a practiced lie. The more you talk the more chance you have of telling the truth and ruining Perry’s little scheme.’ Alexander wiggled his fingers and laughed. ‘Lame straggly strut ha that’s not the right word.’
‘Huh?’
‘I telling or am telling you,’ Alexander giggled. ‘The right word when I think of it, mind blank you know? Cause you do, don’t think your mind works properly.’
Stanley did not look amused.
‘Don’t ruin it.’
‘I just want to help. You know I don’t want to ruin anything? I’ll try my best. Promise. You can trust me. I’ve been to Erase before, as a patient.’
‘Your life won’t be worth living if you screw him over.’ Alexander shuffled his feet in the dirt, his bottom was starting to go numb on the cold dirt. ‘Devious, calculating, maniacal, physically and mentally sadistic. Just stick to the script.’
‘Me?’
‘Him, so what happened?’
‘Right, I killed her.’
‘How?’
‘Well,’ Stan tried to subtly look down at the piece of paper.
Alexander clicked his fingers in the man’s face. ‘No you have memorize at least the basics. For the rest just say no comment.’
‘I strangled her and threw her body…’ He pursed his lips before a goofy smiled spread across them. ‘Where?’
‘You placed her body at the top of the cliff. By the giant barrier that permanently separates Xaoh and Terger.’ Alexander tapped his head with his fist. ‘Take it home and memorize it.’
‘Yes sir,’ Stan scrabbled to his feet and scampered away.
The puff of dust floated towards Alexander, he leapt up to avoid it. A slow clapping sound made his head pound. There was someone behind him. The sound made him twirl towards it. His legs threatened to buckle as his head continue to spin.
‘What game are you playing?’
‘I could ask you the same thing,’ Alexander rubbed his eyes and saw Perry’s smug face, he groaned. ‘You picked him?’
‘He was the only person dumb enough to volunteer, beggars can’t be choosers son.’
‘I told you not to call me that,’ he flinched as Perry walked towards him. ‘You’re not fooling anyone at this stage so just give it up.’
It looked like Perry’s body was resisting the movement every step of the way. They did not want to be anywhere near each other.
‘Having problems with your wig?’ Alexander was bemused by the wonky hair piece, he flicked it.
‘Are you having problems?’ Perry swatted Alexander’s hand away. ‘Or is your prefrontal cortex, amygdala, and hippocampus the problem? For the last time do your job.’
‘My job is to catch criminals not coach them on how they killed your victims.’ He snorted in disgust, his reaction startled Perry.
‘Sounds insane when you say it like that. Raven’s not dead,’ Perry walked around the empty room and stood pressed against the corner. As far away as he could physically get from Alexander.
‘What’s the point of all this then? Fake her death? Get Mr. Scar into trouble?’
‘That’s not very nice, I’m disappointed in you son. Thought I raise you better than that.’
‘You didn’t raise me at all. Besides I’m too tired for three minute hippos without a camper. Anyway all these memories aren’t reality.’
‘And manners also. They are someone’s reality.’
‘Your disguise is falling apart, just admit it.’ Alexander’s head dropped back and lolled side to side. ‘I see it, Zoe sees it.’
Perry removed the wig, his straggly hair was a copper colour. As he scrubbed his face, his wrinkles suddenly disappeared. His eyes were still droopy and wrinkled. But now he looked nothing like Alexander.
‘I saw so much of myself reflected in your face,’ Alexander studied every inch of Perry’s face. ‘Yet you didn’t make that much of a change and now you look like a stranger.’
Now the disguise was dropped Perry was emboldened and arrogant once again. He strutted up to Alexander and smirked.
‘It was never physical,’ Alexander reached out and pushed Perry’s forehead until his muscles relaxed out of the frown. ‘Your mannerisms, you know my father.’
Perry’s whole face dropped.
‘Why would you be so angry, a sibling?’ Alexander caught a slight look of disgust flash across Perry’s face before everything went blank including his eyes. ‘Not related.’
Again Perry’s micro expression betrayed him.
‘You’re adopted. Oh and that’s why you both despise and emulate my father. So you detest me because I’m his legacy but you think you deserve to be.’ His headache returned but he fought against it. ‘Why?’
‘I’m better than you in every way. Although you’ve lasted longer than all the others.’
‘Others?’ Alexander interrupted. ‘I thought I was an o—’
‘The only one,’ Perry stuck out his lip; it trembled as he pretended to sob. ‘Oh sorry to tell you this princess but there is nothing special about you and there never was.’
‘No I was going to say I thought I was an only child.’
‘Afraid not, there has been many wives, many children, none of them meant anything to him. We’re just objects. The things that will carry on his memory, his sleaziness I mean his illustriousness.’
Even Alexander could no longer discern what was real and what was a fabrication. So much of his life had never happened. It was just easier to forget it all and pretend that he had only lived for one year.
‘You’re still inadequate. His genes are defective, that’s why they adopted me in the first place. Then he decides to marry some stupid cash cow and now I’m not good enough anymore. You’re his last,’ Perry’s jaw was contorting too much to continue; his veins were pulsating.
‘How many,’ Alexander tried to hold onto his mind but it was threatening to slip away again. ‘Times do you want to have the same conversation? You’ll never be able to let this go.’
‘Go?’ His head snapped towards Alexander, his eyes were bulging. ‘I have never spoken to you about this before.’
‘Calm down, I don’t want it.’
‘Well thank you so much your mercy knows no bounds, your radiance flows from your,’ Perry halted. His face was full of shame at the sudden outburst. They had all seen him play the fool but this time it was a character flaw from someone that was not suppose to have any. The mystique of his leadership was ruined with one sentence. An uncomfortable atmosphere descended into the space between them.
‘You are fine then because I want nothing to do with him or his legacy or his plans, whatever.’ Alexander threw his hands into the air. ‘I am me not some cheap carbon copy of him.’
‘Like me you mean? Weak, useless, that’s the only thing that comes from making a legacy from bloodlines,’ Perry taunted. ‘I was born great, not because of my genes but because of my brilliance.’
‘Your personality is about as brilliant as that tacky wig. You try to pass yourself off as something but you are nothing. And that’s why you stalk and harass me. Well guess what sunshine it won’t make you feel any better about yourself.’ He lost control over his mouth and just decided to give into the tirade. ‘Because you know my father’s right, what you feel inside is right. There is nothing here for you or anywhere, you belong in the mud. Covered in the filth that coats your mind in disgusting—’
‘This is why no one opens up to you.’ Perry was misty-eyed; it looked real but everything was a calculated move, even raw emotion could be contained when it needed to be. ‘You judgmental entitled p—’
‘I guess this ends when one of us dies.’ Alexander tried to stop the words from coming out of his mouth but they were flowing like a waterfall. His mind had switched off and now he was on automatic. He was disappointed with his words but was too tired to fully regret them. Unfortunately, when the pressure was on he always spun into nasty tirades about himself.
‘This is the real you. You are a nasty piece of work. Truly a testament to their design not to mention their execution.’ He kissed his fingers. ‘Yes, wonderfully perfect in every attack, authentic joy. A resurgent victory and many more to come. They got their desired result.’
‘Whatever,’ Alexander’s eyes were closed for so long that he was starting to doubt whether he could open them again. ‘I’m not going to stand here and let me ridicule me or you for that matter.’
‘No.’
‘What?’ His head started to spin again.
‘To your previous question,’ Perry clarified.
‘Huh?’
‘I don’t want to live without you, ruining every aspect of your life is just too much fun. I can’t give it up now.’ Perry smirked. ‘Besides you can’t kill.’
‘Rest in the knowledge that for you dear parasite, I’d make an exception.’



36



Raven’s bones crunched against a shadowy object. The impact made her head spin. Her fingers slid up and over the barrier. A textured wall that was standing between her and life. Her hands trembled as she dragged her exhausted body over it and collapsed on the other side. She had no energy to stop her body from rolling down the steep incline. Her head was pounding as she slammed into the dirt. She lost momentum and was left panting on the cold floor.
It took a long time for her to compose herself. Bewildered, she looked back at the incline. There was a large ramp that had spun her safely down. She had not given a thought to how hard the landing would have been had the slope not been there. All she wanted to do was get out of the damp and claustrophobic space. It was so cold, she felt like it was squeezing every ounce of air out of her lungs. Ironically the water felt more like it was squeezing the life out of her than the mounds had. Even though the mounds were dangerous and restrictive, the water was more exhausting both mentally and physically.
She crawled towards the next opening. Her wet clothes were dragging her down. Even though she was practically naked. The clothing that was still clinging to her body was just as mangled as her flesh. It was red raw and numb. Against the harsh environment, her skin did not stand a chance. It was bruised, and bleeding.
The sweat pants were of little help. She tore them off. There was a slight pressure against her thighs but the tearing sound was the only indicator that it was gone.
As she crawled past the hole, she dropped her pants by it in an attempt to misdirect her pursuers. Again she scrambled up and ran to the dark corner. Even though she wanted to stay there forever, so far her attempts to escape the situation and rest were unsuccessful.
Joe’s crooked jaw cracked as he jogged towards the hole. The tiny sound was the only indication that he was near. He was very light on his feet and was already past the hole.
She wondered if he saw the pants.
‘It won’t work. Hale already told us to double check every orifice and Jeff confirmed that it was safe to do so,’ Joe was so close that the pungent fumes from his mouth were wafting into her nostrils. ‘You see it’s his workplace after all.’
Her heart fluttered as she braced herself for the anticipated impact.
‘We have the advantage just give up and come with us like a good little rat.’ He walked past her. ‘When are you going to realise, you are stuck in this cage, going around in circles. There is no end to this. They will not let you leave.’
She was so stunned by his lack of spatial awareness that she almost gave herself away.
‘Don’t hide from me, here I—’ He slammed into the dead end. Dazed he turned back around but still he did not seem to see her.
Her fingertips rubbed against the slimy wall as she pressed herself against it and shuffled away.
The smell became putrid. A warm and noxious liquid slushed around her.
‘Help me, Raven, where are you?’ The more he struggled the more it pulled him down. He coughed and spluttered out thick mud and grit. It smelt like it may have been something more sinister.
She slid and slipped away from the horrible sight, she was starting to regret her perfect vision. The foul sludge was creeping towards the hole. It flowed out of the cave walls, like the sweat that was squeezing its way out of her skin.
Before she could take a breath, heavy footsteps made her squeak. She sprinted away but immediately tumbled onto her bottom. The momentum and mud made her slide forward. She covered her mouth and slithered down the hole.
The sludge cushioned her fall but her feet crumpled to the side of her. Her hands slid sideways against the sloppy mixture. It coated her in a substance that made it impossible to move out of the uncomfortable position. An awkward angle that her legs were not able to get out of.
‘What the hell is this s—’ Hank’s booming voice filled the space above her.
Her legs creaked as she somehow managed to contort her way to her feet.
‘Oi, you stupid little, I don’t want to chase you all day give it up.’
There was no time to turn around so she dashed to the left.
‘Help.’ A weak voice begged.
‘Shut up,’ Hank snapped as he landed upright on the thick mud. ‘Come out come out little rat.’
She pressed her body against the dark corner and tried to suppress her gasp. His body looked like it was on solid ground. He barely wobbled.
As he stormed forward, he screamed at her. ‘Rex said all the left hand paths are safe, and the third one is the end of the road.’
The sound echoed off the walls and made her cringe. He entangled his fingers in her hair and pulled. Some of her hair snapped off but the bulk of it clung onto her scalp and wrenched her head back. She shrieked.
He dragged her towards the path. She tried to lessen the impact on her head but her muddy hands slipped away from his. As he adjusted his grip, strands of her hair fluttered over her face.
Her feet skidded on the dust as he continued to charge forward. She knew the easy paths were the ones that lead to pain and misery. It was the way their minds worked.
He was ripping her hair out one strand at a time.
‘You can’t believe anything he says. How many of your friends are with you? None. Yet four people came down before you. Where are they if it was safe all along?’
‘Who cares,’ he glanced back and tugged her hair. ‘I don’t have friends. Now stop dragging your feet and walk properly or I’ll use you as a battering ram for all these supposedly deadly traps in front of us.’
Instead of pulling him backwards, she pushed him forwards. She could feel his grip loosen as the change in direction surprised him.
‘Good little rat, now you should know something about me.’ He looked back at her. ‘I don’t scare ease and I’m not afraid of—’
A grating sound vibrated around the space. His large skull was pinned by a sharp spike. Blood leaked out of his mouth as his sunken eyes filled with pain.
She slid out of his weakened grasp and shuffled backwards. Her heartbeat thundered in her ears. She did not dare turn away. Her back slammed into the cave wall and ran. There was no need to look back at him one last time, his anguished cries and terrified face was seared into her brain. It would make a regular appearance in her nightmares. She was running so fast, she almost slipped on the sludge. At the last second she leapt over it and continued her panic-stricken stride.
There was too much pressure on her body, she could no longer continue. Her lungs were burning, her legs were jelly, her mind was tormented and muddled.
She crouched down and tried to blink away the horrible image. It took all the strength she had not to scream. Her feet skidded in the dirt. It looked like a collection of spikes were glinting off the light. She hobbled over and looked up. The tiny pipe was blowing fresh air into the space and the light from it was bouncing around the spikes. As if it was strategically placed there for that purpose. She glanced back towards the path that had maimed Hank but the shadows of tormented creatures wiggled and contorted until they consumed her eyes.
There was no time for self-pity, she looked at the puzzle before her. The spikes were almost everywhere but there were no spikes on the right. She studied the pattern. There were no visible hand holds so she placed her legs on it first. It felt like they could take the bulk of her weight. Her arms were going numb but she forced them to move. She had only taken a few steps before the wall in front of her became coated in spikes.
Suddenly she did not have to duck her head. She placed her hand up and felt the ceiling. This time there were some hand holds.
She swung across as quickly as she could. Her fingers were already burning against the strain.
A sharp point scraped against her skin. There were no more hand holds. Tentatively she brushed her foot against the left wall. The spikes were gone, she placed her feet on the wall then her hands. There were only a few moves that she made before the spikes returned. She brushed her shoe against the right side. Liquid flowed out of her shoe so she placed her foot back on the wall and brushed her fingertips against the ceiling. Blood dripped onto her cheek, she held her breath. The spikes were too compacted to pass on the ceiling and both sides. It was a dead end.
She dangled her foot down lightly. It brushed past a few spikes. There seemed to be a path on the ground but it was not one that her feet could take let alone her water logged shoes. She struggled with the heavy shoe, eventually it flicked off but the other one was just as stubborn.
Even a deep breath could not steady her nerves as she pointed her toes and placed her feet down. Her toenails screamed at her. She wobbled slightly as she picked up the damp shoes and placed them onto her hands. As she teetered forward, she placed her hands against the spikes on the side. It helped to steady her but her shoes were already tattered.
Her calf muscles trembled against the strain. All she wanted to do was put her feet down. But there seemed to be no end in sight.



37



Perry felt like he was grinding his teeth down to the bone. The aggravation was bubbling within him like it never had before. Normally he was indifferent towards people, it did not matter what they thought or said to him. He was confident in his own abilities and had proved himself so many times to so many different people that he felt empty. Now he could see through it all and did not act out of desperation. He relied only on himself, he never let his guard down or ranted about his problems.
His dim office did nothing to quell his dark mood. The company was just as dull and depressing.
‘Then what happened?’ Peyton was bored and listless.
‘He failed it four times, I had one chance and had I not passed I wouldn’t be here today talking to you.’ He started to rant. If he could control it and say it to someone who did not matter then perhaps he could avoid another embarrassing mistake. Either way he needed to released all the tension and the feelings that he thought he had already dealt with. It was a frustrating reminder of his humanity. He felt a bizarre mixture of contentment and fear.
‘If only,’ her face flushed when he stared her down. ‘Go on.’
‘So I go to work that day, keep in mind I’d been groomed for this since I could understand the concept, feeling safe in the knowledge that all the other legacies had failed the test. And even though he failed, he was my boss, my boss can you believe it that pathetic—’
‘Focus.’
‘Right,’ he squinted then frowned; her hunched form was tottering towards the door. ‘I don’t appreciate your tone but your point is valid so I walk in and there he is, looking like he had the s—’
‘Can I go now?’
‘—kicked out of him but for all intents and purposes absolutely fine because he’s still f—’
‘You’re not even talking to me anymore.’ She sighed. ‘What is the point of all this?’
‘Breathing. Can I finish a d—’
‘Go on.’ Her eyes bulged.
‘Sentence without you interrupting, now where was I?’
She pressed her lips together.
‘Right. Alive so at this point I’m really raging, I’m livid absolutely want to reach over and kill him but I covered it well,’ he widened his eyes in an attempt to look innocent. ‘It’s appalling how they’ve treated me. Sure I wasn’t born to do this, I’ll give you that but I was made to do it.’
‘That’s horrible, terrible, awful, dreadful, gruesome.’
‘Okay walking thesaurus just tone it down a bit yeah?’
She nodded.
‘What do you mean? Awful. I amaze myself—’
‘No I meant the situation—’
‘Who cares what you think anyway, I don’t. Don’t even want him dead anymore, I want him on his knees grovelling in the dirt begging me for a job at my company. Don’t know what happens after that or what I want to happen. To kill him or forever torture him because that’s where my dream ends. Are you even listening to me? This is really important!’
‘That’s not what I meant by it—’
‘I’m just as smart, probably smarter, just as attractive.’ He fluffed his hair and glanced at her. ‘Some might say more so.’
She just glared at him. The look made him feel unsettled.
‘And I’m a real people person, he isn’t, he’d rather be alone and I’d rather he stay alone. I’ve got friends, lots of them. It’s not like I’m emotionally stunted like him. Acts like a two year old then like he’s a million years old and so much better than everyone else. Oi,’ he clicked his fingers, ‘You listening?’
‘Why are you telling me this?’ Her expression was fixed; she seemed bemused. ‘Are we friends?’
‘Hell no you’re below me and always will be,’ the disgust he felt started to twist his face into an ugly expression; he could feel his muscles twitching in discomfort. ‘Everyone else is either dead or can’t be trusted.’
‘And I can?’
His smile was full of wicked glee.
‘Can I please go now?’ She shivered.
‘Do what you want. No one’s stopping you.’
The disrespect was making his blood boil, he watched her leave and shovelled some food into his mouth. It fell onto his hand. He opened his mouth wider and shoved it in. His finger hovered over the button. He wanted to press it but he was too unstable to make a sound decision.
‘What’s the answer?’ He yelled. The wig was itchy and uncomfortable. After years of hiding behind it, suddenly it did not feel right anymore.
‘Depends?’
‘On?’ He jolted forward in his seat.
‘The question of course,’ Stuart stood in the doorway.
‘What do you think about Alexander?’
‘Is that the question?’
‘No.’
‘I like him,’ Stuart rubbed his bald head.
The action made Perry flinch more than the answer.
‘Sorry,’ Stuart grabbed the wig off the desk and put it on. ‘Better?’
‘Thanks.’
‘You like him too, just admit it. If the situation was different you’d be friends, brothers even.’
‘Shut it, I swear I’ll do something. Don’t ever use those words in that order or context again.’
‘No you won’t.’ Stuart peered over his glasses. As it pinched his nose, it warped his words.
‘Fine.’
‘So what’s the real question,’ he ripped his glasses off and stuck them in his mouth. ‘Tell me and I’ll give you the real answer.’
Perry smiled.
‘Come on, don’t carry this burden by yourself.’ He chewed the part of his glasses that curled around his ears. It titled and shifted underneath his sharp teeth. Perry cringed. It looked like his brother had not had a wash in weeks, the glasses were even filthier.
‘So unhygienic,’ Perry shook his head and refocused. ‘I want to destroy the tunnels.’
‘But?’
‘Oh it’s not an order,’ Perry adjusted his head but his stare remained the same. ‘I want.’
‘Because?’ Stuart had a level gaze, his eyes were a dull colour.
‘Don’t you ever just want to destroy it all, start again? Who cares about the consequences. There’s always consequences,’ he stuck his lip out and pushed his back into the chair until the metal made his bones ache. ‘To everything.’
‘You need to do something and soon. We can’t wait for Erase on this one. The artificial environment is starting to kill us all.’
‘Are you not use to it?’
‘No I spend most of my time anywhere but here.’
‘I did notice Alexander has dropped a lot of weight and Zoe looks like she found it.’
‘Well it found me,’ Stuart tapped his belly. ‘I can’t sleep, it makes me hungry.’
‘Me too.’
‘You look good.’
‘Sleep, not food.’ Perry sucked in his belly.
‘Oh, sorry,’ his brother mumbled as he pushed his glasses closer to his eyes.
‘Why are you wearing glasses?’
‘Yeah.’
‘When did this happen?’
‘My eyesights fading just another perk of this lovely town.’
‘Did they question why you had to shave yourself from head to toe?’ He ran a hand through his straggly hair.
‘No.’
‘Hmm the environment is really taking its toll on Alexander. I’d like it to remain that way but I don’t want to have to suffer too.’ His belly popped back out as he sighed.
‘Agreed, blow it all to hell.’
They glanced at the suffering on the screen. Unfortunately Hale looked like she was dead. He made a mental note to decrease the force on the trap according to body weight and size.
‘I swear if Joe f—’ He was fine with Raven running around but he felt like every death was a blow to his chances of stealing Mr. Enfield’s position. Joe’s incompetence had lead to his death. It made Perry’s blood pressure rise. Raven was smart enough to defend herself and not kill. But Joe did not even close his mouth. He deserved his miserable death a thousand times over.
‘Your chances of taking over you’ll wade down there and kill him twice.’ His brother was leaning towards the screen, he enjoyed watching the show. Erase was also watching and they would not be happy with the amount of causalities.
Perry smiled. ‘No one understands me like you do.’



38



Raven fell to the ground and cradled her damaged skin. There were so many puncture wounds in her skin. It felt like a waterfall was constantly flowing out of her battered body. She lifted her weary head. The hole in the ground looked different than all the others. It seemed to be a bottomless pit. She grabbed the edges of the hole and gently dropped herself down.
The path seemed so familiar. She made sure her feet were placed very gently. There was no point going any further. She hugged herself and looked at the crumbling rock. Even if she could dig her way out, Terger was still flooded. There was nowhere for her to go. She started to panic. As her heart rate increased, she remembered the exhilaration she had felt the first time. She could have taken Zero with her but she chose to deceive her. It was too much of a risk for them both to disappear.
She had never regretted her justification for her bad decision until that moment. The darkness invaded her mind. She had alienated everyone she wanted and needed to care about.
Somehow she no longer felt human. She skirted around the trap and clung onto the opening of the hole. As she pulled herself up, her muscles shook. They were aching so much. There was no time for stupid mistakes. Every move she made from now on had to be perfect, she stepped into the unknown.
It was strange, the passageway did not loop back like the others had. Instead it was a different path. She wondered how many of the false openings were passageways to somewhere else and how many times she had walked by a safe haven. It looked like only one way was correct and the rest were dead ends. But nothing was ever straight forward for Erase. They built their structures like they lived their lives with deceit and malice. The depths of their depravity was well documented.
A strange buzzing filled the air as a screen garbled and spluttered to life. Her pursuers filled it. The screen split and fractured until every possible angle was showing all at once. It warped her sense of self to see it on screen and to experience it. There was a disconnect from her actions and the girl that filled the screen. The images were so bewildering that it took her a while to decipher it all.
She squinted. Suddenly the image started to skip. It was chilling how close Hale had been to Raven, at all times she was inches away. If she would have lived then she would have caught Raven. Hale’s shrill voice echoed around the small cave, she was barking out orders. It sounded like she was telling them to double back and search every inch of the space for Raven. The other men were struggling with their extra bulk except for Fry. Now Raven understood why they had taken so long. Hank was slowing them down and Rex was purposefully hanging back.
The screen jumped so far that she saw her trembling body on it. It was disorientating. The walls violently slammed into Hale’s body. Raven jumped. The horrific scene was already etched into her mind. She had the same reaction in both the recording and in real life. Even though the first time she saw it, she had not fully understood what had happened. Every detail was visible like the recording was on slow motion only for the gory scenes.
As the top and bottom panels crushed Hale, Raven looked away. She felt a little bit guilty for the whole situation. It was a situation they were only in because of her. She would have killed the woman in a more humane way. Part of her wanted to know what was happening but the other part felt overwhelmed with guilt and grief. As she glanced back, she covered her eyes. It was a delayed reaction.
The pain and suffering that coated their world was starting to get to Raven. Everything was intensifying with every second that past, it was making her want to scream. There was no end to the nightmare as more faces started to fill her mind with dread.
Normally she could jump into different identities to escape it all. But now there was nowhere left to hide. The image was still on the screen. She peaked through her fingers and saw Hale gasping for breath as blood dripped down her mouth. It was even more chilling when it was flooded with light. Raven shivered. The place was a whirlwind of traps but the goal was not to kill. She clung onto her arm as she tried to manoeuvre around the spikes. There was a path through the chaos. The goal seemed to be to deter intruders. Strangers would be trapped, demoralised or frightened by it, while their people could pass through. She sighed. Either way it was a terrible journey for everyone.
They did not even look after their own employees. It did not bode well for her. They hated her. Her reputation was so awful that for decades she was blamed for everything that had gone wrong everywhere.
‘Find a modicum of decorum in your fluffy eriophorum, and I’m lost both in body and in mind.’ She was speaking gibberish but the noise was calming, it was too silent and dark without it.
Terger had been dumbed down in an effort to control the citizens while Xaoh had been corrupted by intelligence. They were more devious and harder to control. All she wanted to do was escape their town.
‘Not a square but a rectangle, like an iceberg there is so much hidden underneath.’ She sang the words. They echoed around the space.
The screen was a distance memory but she could still hear their screams.
All the ruses were keeping her on her toes. From the moment she had entered, she had been on high alert. Her body was electrified by the adrenaline that was coursing through her veins.
‘Circle, rectangle, square,’ Raven mumbled the words. In the back of her mind she could recall being told the information. But no matter how hard she tried she could not access it all. It was frustrating, distracting and disorientating to the point where she had to forget about it before she went insane.
There was another screen in front of her. She tried to move past it but she could not see anything else. It was ruining her night vision. The man’s flailing limbs were distracting. She shivered. The terror and cruelty were haunting. It sent a chill down her spine. They were all slowly dying and now she had to watch it twice.
She rubbed her eyes in despair but could not look away. On screen she was pulled towards the tunnel. Rex held back just out of sight. The dull thud from the spikes was overcome by Hank’s shrill shrieks. Trapped within a maze of spikes, his screams were chilling. His sunken eyes burrowed into her soul.
It occurred to her that they could see her just like she could see them. She turned away. Perhaps it was a type of two way mirror that was meant to torture them both.
‘I can’t help you,’ she sobbed. ‘Can you see me? I’m sorry I can see you. It feels wrong.’
The reason for the screens became clear as Darren crept around the hole. She shrieked and sprinted for the exit. Perry had tricked her again, he had delayed her long enough for her enemies to catch up.
Her feet skidded to a halt, flecks of grit embedded into her wounded feet. It was a dead end.
Instead of a horizontal path, it was now vertical. The hole was a bottomless pit, it looked like an upside down vortex. She skirted sideways around the hole and started to climb. There was no safety net. If she ran out of energy she would plunge to her death. After everything she had been through to get to this point, it seemed like a cruel trick.
It was possible for the right person to make it otherwise it would not have been set up in such a way. But she was not the right person. The fatigue and lack of arm strength would kill her. Perry knew she could not do it and deep down so did she.
Her fingers were sweaty but thankfully the mud had dried. The delay had probably saved her life. She glanced back. Darren’s puffy cheeks were heaving.
‘Run rat run, we don’t need to eat you but rest assured,’ Rex’s eyes shone in the low light. ‘We want too.’
She smiled. The only way to live was to reach the top before her pursuers did. She did not care too much about them but she was infuriated. There was only one person to blame and she was about to stick her foot down his throat. But first she had to face her exhaustion or this would be the last phase of her life instead of being the last phase that she let him control.
The noise below her made her increase her pace. She did not need to look down to know that they were inches away.



39



Alexander yawned. It felt like the world was stuck in slow motion. He was looking for someone but he kept forgetting what he was doing halfway through. Only after a long rest did he remember anything. It was a fruitless search. He could not remember where he had already been, now he did not even know who he was looking for. Although he wanted to call out for help, he no longer felt like he had control over his own mouth. His thoughts were in disarray. He was trying to fight against it but he could not concentrate.
A sharp haze was descending onto the ground. He had not seen anyone for hours. It seemed like they were either too busy or were in hiding. The thought of hiding with them briefly crossed his mind but he did not know which houses were safe. It would be his undoing if he chose wrong. The last thing he could handle would be a spin in a death house. It was not the way he would choose to die.
‘What are you doing?’ A voice was beside him. It was not something mind blowing, yet his mind was unable to comprehend the change. The sudden appearance was vexing.
‘Sitting, you?’ He grumbled. His mind had almost disappeared but at the last possible moment she had pulled him back.
‘Not much, I’ve been walking around in circles for the past hour.’ The voice was squeaky. It seemed to be just as disorientated as he was and yet it was so calm.
‘What are you looking for?’ He continued to ask questions. It was weird, he did not want the answer yet he could not stop asking.
‘You know what I don’t know anymore.’
‘And you what are you looking for?’ Alexander muttered. It felt strange to be so close to someone and yet feel so far away.
‘Didn’t you just ask me that?’
‘Huh, did I?’ Alexander paused. ‘What was your answer?’
‘Shush you’re too nosy, what’s your name?’
‘Alex, you?’ He scratched his head.
‘Zoe,’ she interlocked her fingers.
‘Oh, I was looking for you, ha,’ he chuckled to himself. The stranger he was cursing was the person he no longer wanted to see.
‘So strange, I was looking for too, chew, goo, glue, ew, two… Lander, flex, you.’
‘Wow that’s trippy, I want to go to sleep.’
‘Okay,’ she shrugged.
‘I can’t.’
‘Why?’
‘I don’t know.’
‘Sleep, what does it feel like?’ She giggled and collapsed beside him.
‘Right or left?’ He tried to reach out to her but did not know where she was.
The silence warped his mind.
‘Where are I? Were am you?’ His words were starting to muddle into something that made no sense to him. ‘Can you find me? Where do I reside? Wake up please, I don’t want to be alone.’
‘Shh the world needs to be silent, it’s never silent anymore, someone, something, somewhere is chirping.’
‘You’re talking.’
‘Huh?’
‘Profound,’ he smiled. ‘Goodnight sweetheart.’
‘Goodbye.’
They were sitting beside each other but he felt like they were miles away. The world was moving without him. He felt his cheeks slide against his arm. His vision was full of green. It was a bumpy and uncomfortable place to lie down but somehow it did not matter any more. He had reached his limit. Now the fatigue was eating into him as the lack of fresh air, proper food and sleep became something that was insurmountable. They had both spread themselves too thin. There was nothing more they could do, all that was left was to give in the emptiness. As he closed his eyes, he felt a weird mixture of pain and pleasure.



40



The sheer wall warped Raven’s view of her pursuers. Their most identifying features were now the stuff of nightmares. The low light was playing tricks on her eyes. Somehow it felt like they were right behind her one minute then miles away the next.
Her fingers slid on the crumbling wall of stone but her legs saved her from tumbling to the ground.
‘How we hate outsiders, firstly they don’t know how to play the game and secondly they are less likely to want to play.’ Rex sneered. His obnoxious voice echoed around the small space.
‘Everything they have is such a wicked illusion, right? How easy would it have been for us all to go down the wrong path,’ Darren chuckled. ‘We were all so close to death. Should we all just backtrack and go back the easy way? We know the way not to go for certain. Not blaming y—’
‘Don’t be too enthusiastic about it,’ Rex puffed. ‘Wait a minute I’m trying to speak to Ratty Raven not you. So shut up cry baby.’
‘Hey.’
‘My colleague is still talking, our enemy needs to respond. Does that mean you are my true enemy? Just follow me chubby cheeks. I’ll lead us to victory.’ Rex snickered. ‘Ratty what do you have to say for yourself?’
She waited them out. Eventually their breathing would become too heavy to speak.
‘Lets all be spontaneous and climb down.’
‘Come on, what’s with the silent treatment,’ he smashed his fist against the wall. ‘Talk to me the elusive Raven! Better yet play with me.’
She could feel their desperation. They could not match her, she was starting to pull away from them again. There were a few times she had to rely on her physical prowess to escape a situation that went awry. But this was the first time she had to climb.
‘I’m ambivalent to the situation.’
‘Then climb down chubby cheeks.’ Rex hissed. ‘I’m not talking to you anymore, can’t you see that? Don’t answer that, I don’t want to hear your voice again until she’s a corpse or you will be.’
‘You’re being too blunt.’
‘And you’re being too reckless. You climb down chubby cheeks,’ Rex grunted. ‘Ratty, I was trying to suppress a smirk the entire time. Who do you think this path is made for?’
She glanced down.
‘I’ve run up and down this rabbit warren many a time. Darren was the only one who could keep up with me but now he’s exhausted.’ Rex told the lie so well it was chilling.
Everything about him felt phony. He said the right words and his actions were never overtly disturbing but it never felt right to her. From the moment she met him, she was unsettled by him. His stare was a little too strong, his tone was too commanding.
‘Both of you aren’t too fit and healthy. Me on the other hand fit as a fiddle,’ Rex smirked and kicked his foot out.
She gasped.
Darren’s chipmunk cheeks flared out as his fingers slipped away from the cliff. He disappeared.
She panicked and increased her speed. All the fatigue was gone. Her limbs worked in perfect harmony as she focused on her breathing.
‘This path was made for me,’ Rex’s voice was starting to close in on her. ‘Now we’ve dropped the dead weight, let the fun begin.’



41



The ground was rumbling, it sent shockwaves through the area. Zoe’s body was already trembling. She pressed her back against the cliff and looked up. It was a long way to the top. She groaned. There was no way she could climb up in such a short amount of time. Instead of helping her, her mind started to attack her with vicious words. The same words she had been berated with her whole life.
‘Ooh scathing,’ Zoe rolled her eyes.
‘What?’ Alexander placed a hand on her shoulder and gently turned her around until they were face to face. ‘We need to climb.’
‘I won’t make it, just go.’ She started to shuffle away from him.
His touch was so soft but he did not let her go.
‘We’re wasting time, just go.’ She flicked his hand off her.
‘Either we go together or not at all.’
‘How noble of you but that’s just stupid.’ She frowned and looked over at the houses. ‘All those cowards just sit there and take it all. What’s the end game? It all seems like a waste of time, effort, of a life.’
‘Something big is happening,’ he whispered, ‘are you really going to just sit there?’
Her brow furrowed. She thought about all the bad things that had happened in her life. All the different scenarios played in her head. Regret started to well up within her. It made it hard to swallow, even harder to speak. She glanced at him. There was something haunting about his eyes that made her pause. Everything had lead to that moment. Somehow she no longer regretted any of it.
‘If you think we should just sit here then that’s what we’ll do,’ he looked into her eyes. His eyes had so much depth to them that they started to pull her in. Flecks of light swirled around her as she felt the world start to fade away until the only thing she could see was him.
‘Okay,’ she looked at the sky and sighed. ‘Let’s just watch the world end.’
‘You have to be proactive in this environment.’ Bill’s face was right in front of hers.
She cringed and scuttled away.
‘I was just in the tunnel maze, I believe you were the only intruder to make it out alive. How did you know which way to go?’
‘It all looked too easy. I know how their sadistic minds work.’ She shivered as she remembered the confinement paired with the various tricks, tunnels and traps. ‘Glanced at the first right but knew there was something wrong about it. So I went left, left, right then gently skirted down the hole and off to the side missing the bottomless pit but inches.’
‘Something not right.’ Bill smirked and laughed at his own joke. ‘How ironic. After all those holes were safe, did you get lulled into a false sense of security?’
‘Wait a minute, the only intruder to make it so Raven was invited down? Meant to be there,’ Zoe mumbled as she tried to protect herself from the whispers of a headache that never truly left.
‘Well we all have to play a different game. What they rely on is your reluctance to retrace your steps. You keep going until you’re stuck. Enter through the mouth keep going until the tail, few people will admit their mistake and undo what they have done. But I was wise to that game.’
‘What do you want?’ Alexander rasped.
‘For you to keep going, not in the direction they want you to be in but a new one.’ Bill started to climb the cliff.
‘Which direction?’
‘Stop, it’s too far,’ Zoe gasped. Her heart was fluttering. It was a strange impulse, she did not know who he was. There was no reason why she should care about him at all.
‘Everyone worth their salt can climb this cliff,’ Bill grunted; they watched him as he scaled it with ease. ‘It’s possible. Don’t give up.’
‘I give up,’ she sat on her haunches and refused to move. ‘Run and hide rinse and repeat, well screw you all. I will sit here till I die.’



42



Raven could hear Rex advancing on her. Even though her movements were methodical, it was not enough. Her heart was in her mouth. She glimpsed down at him and immediately regretted it. He was like a snorting bull. His red face was leaking out salvia at a rapid rate. For the first time in her life, she saw him for what he really was. His tactics were sneaky, his demeanour artificial. She slammed her foot into his greasy hair. He pushed back with his narrow head. His eyes bore into hers. There was a metal plate in his head. His sweaty hair was clumped together but there were a few bald spots that showed the damage.
There was no pain in her foot. It was a little bit worrying that she could no longer feel pain. Mentally her foot was throbbing but physically she still felt nothing.
‘I can reach you but why not enjoy ourselves just that little bit longer. Chat with me.’ Rex rested against the sheer cliff. It looked like he was hugging it. In comparison she was clinging on for dear life. Even though the sharp edges were cutting into her skin.
‘Why do you have a metal plate in your head?’ She just wanted time to jump forward, anything to make her nightmare end. In her head she was already at the top relaxing.
‘I’ve fallen a few times. We all have.’ His cheek was resting against the cliff as he gazed up at her. It made her shiver.
‘So slow down a bit. I’d hate for you to fall again,’ Raven soften her voice and hugged the cliff. Her breathing was still rapid. Every inch of her body was shaking, her fingers were cramping. She locked her legs in and tried to shake out her arms.
‘Hmph I bet,’ he chuckled. ‘Because you are so interested in my wellbeing. Thanks for your concern but I’m not tried and I never will be.’
‘What’s with the fake indignation we both know you are just doing Perry’s dirty work at this stage.’
‘If he wanted you to die, he would’ve killed you long ago. He literally held you in his arms, remember? Carried you to… well not safety but defiantly safer than where you were.’
‘How can I remember that if I was unconscious?’
‘Good point,’ he scoffed. ‘Anyway he just wants you to be horrifically injured, we all do.’
‘That makes me feel so much better.’
‘I knew it would. Now move, your words won’t save you. Who do you think you are, Alexander? It’s no fun if you just stay still.’
‘So I can’t talk you out of it otherwise you would’ve given up ages ago.’ She grumbled and moaned as she realised how much pain lay ahead. ‘Not afraid of hard work?’
‘What else is there to do?’ He smiled. ‘I’m not afraid or bound to my employers.’
She racked her brain for a strategy. There was no way to defeat him, mentally, physically and emotionally she was already spent.
‘Just you and me now,’ he sneered. ‘How romantic.’
She gagged.
The scattering of stones above her head made her heart sink. Reluctantly she lifted her head, then her eyes. The bulky figure was a ghost.
‘Hmph, don’t remember asking for help,’ Rex’s laughter echoed around the small space. ‘But I’ll take it.’
‘Bulky?’
‘It’s Bill,’ he puffed as he climbed down to her. They were both so proficient at climbing. She was in their backyard and she was outnumbered and outclassed.
‘Weren’t you stuck?’ She started to climb again, resting was just making her limbs freeze and her mind give up. ‘It was on the screen, I thought you were slowly dying.’
‘Don’t believe everything you see.’ Bill scoffed. ‘Should I be offended that you want me to be stuck in a small space slowly suffocating to death?’
She shivered. Partly because she was cold and partly because she just made her pursuer angrier. On a flat surface, she would play and taunt them. But hanging above and below her enemy, she was at a clear disadvantage.
‘Nice job mate,’ Rex chuckled; he did not seem to be moving. ‘Thought we’d lost you.’
‘And you were so heart stricken by the thought that you curled into a ball and sobbed for hours. Not like you purposely sent me to my death then went on like nothing had happened.’
She thanked Bill for the distraction in her head as she slowly inched towards him.
‘Not a fan of dead weight.’
‘Did you notice something strange?’ Bill queried as he slowly lowered himself down.
‘What?’
‘All the traps are there to hold the victim in place.’
‘Duh,’ Rex ridiculed his employee.
‘To seriously injure them yes but to also hold them in place,’ Bill’s serious tone caught her off-guard. ‘Why, you might ask?’
She swallowed back her ire and focused on the climb. Her vision was already starting to fade along with her strength. There was nothing left within her to talk to them anymore.
‘There’s a complex set of tunnels that Erase employee’s wander through. They collect their victims after a few days of suffering and place them into Erase. If you are too strong physically,’ Bill tilted his head and stared at her. ‘And or, mentally Erase won’t work.’
‘Shut up,’ Rex snapped. ‘Even if you think she is going to die, don’t spill all our secrets.’
‘They injure people in these death pits,’ Bill ignored the comment and continued to explain Erase to her. ‘Or they look for people who are already mentally very weak. Those people don’t look after their physical wellbeing so naturally they cannot withstand Erase’s onslaught.’
‘Shut up you fool. Are your muscles inflated with air and your head as well?’ Rex’s derisive tone was overcome by his fury, his veins were practically about to pop. ‘Erase works better as an enigma, you moron.’
‘Fear is such a good motivator. That paired with a good lie will ensure that people wear the restraint willingly and punish anyone that doesn’t. A gag that we made, naturally only we can control it. When the cure is more deadly that the infliction, you are onto a winner.’
She sighed. He was not telling her anything she did not already know. But she had to keep up the pretence or her alliance with Novak would be exposed.
‘I’m telling you this my dear because you have to survive.’
‘Who’s side are you on?’ Rex protested.
‘More than that you have to kill Rex because now he knows you work with Novak,’ he was mocking her. ‘I assume she already showed you the ins and outs of Erase but I need to be sure that you know.’
‘What?’ Rex was dumbfounded. There was something so sinister about both of them. She did not want to know anything more, she was already petrified.
‘How does he know?’ Bill laughed hysterically. ‘Whoopsie I just told him, silly me.’
‘I thought she was Novak, did you steal someone’s identity again? Are they high-ranking?’ Rex started to climb again. ‘You better spill all your secrets before you spill your guts on the floor. And you too Billy boy.’
‘My name is Cody, not that any of you actually care.’ Bill’s bulky shoulders and muscular legs were making quick work of the cliff. The agile way he moved made her want to let go of the cliff and just drop to a quick death.
‘Cody Enfield,’ Rex seemed gobsmacked. ‘A copy for Mr. Eddie Enfield, Alexander’s father? It never occurred to me to actually ask what your name was, didn’t care. Honestly don’t really care right now either. I just want you to get out of my way.’
She did not understand the significance or the names. The only one she recognised was Alexander.
‘We’re called replacement heirs for the jobs that need a specific skill set and a blood relation.’
‘You are Alexander’s brother, his brother,’ she was so shocked she almost let go.
‘No probably more like a second cousin. But Perry isn’t related to us at all,’ Bill snickered. ‘A fact that he neglected to tell his bosses. Want to blow his cover?’
She bit her lip.
‘Don’t, he will kill you when he’s done.’ The warning came from Rex. It was bizarre. He hated her but for once his advice was helpful.
‘Wow you never cease to amaze me, did you forget to tell One that you knew she was sending her men to their death?’
‘What does that have to do with anything?’
‘Butt out or I will tell her everything. Rescue her so she can kill you if Raven fails too.’ Bill slammed his feet into the cliff. The force almost knocked her off, her fingers just managed to cling onto the small ledge.
A rumbling noise made her body tremble. The rock was moving. There was more than one exit. She was shocked by how accessible it was, for years she had struggled to find just one way back.
‘Don’t you do that,’ Rex warned.
‘Follow me for a quick way out Raven or go help your friends, either way I’m out.’ Bill flew down the hole and disappeared.
She was too far away from the exit.
‘Don’t you do it,’ Rex’s lips were trembling so bad that it warped his words. ‘They will need your help, you can’t live your whole life alone, can you?’
Now he had no control over the situation or her.
‘Work with me.’ He reached out his fingertip and lightly brushed her ankle. Her skin crawled against the touch.
‘I’d rather be stuck in Erase than stuck with you.’ She clung on tighter but it would not last, her strength was about to give out.
‘Don’t reject me.’ His voice was gentle but she knew she could not trust him. ‘I have violent tendencies when provoked.’
‘You should know by now I am a violent tendency.’ She held her breath and let go.



43



The grumbling sound made Alexander’s stomach churn. He had only just recovered from the last experiment and he did not want to endure another. The memory of the last one was still fresh in his mind as he awoke to a living nightmare. He looked at his companions. Fear started to bubble within his chest, he could not take losing someone else in such a short span of time. It was a sensation that he would never fully recover from.
Peyton tapped him on the shoulder. ‘This is where I keep my gear, it took me a long time to chip away at it in secret. The only one that would know about it, is Perry.’
He looked at the frayed rope in her hand. The turf looked like a patchwork quilt of small rectangles tied together. It was a weird time and thing to be distracted by. He brought his eyes back up to the rope but he was finding it harder and harder to focus.
‘Sabotage,’ Zoe pursed her lips and bit down. The shadows under her eyes were becoming more and more noticeable with every passing moment.
‘Here,’ Peyton jangled the harness in front of both of them.
Alexander blinked. Even though it was right in front of his face, he had a feeling that she had been holding it for a while without him realising it. They both grabbed their harness at the same time, and preceded to stumble and tumble as they attempted to step into it.
Something sharp dug into his thigh. He glanced at Peyton’s hand but he did not need to ask her what it was, his veins were already electrified by it.
‘Wow, that was great,’ Zoe gasped, her eyes were suddenly alert like the life had returned to them. ‘What the hell was that and can we have some more?’
‘Use this rope. I’ll go get my backup rope while you climb,’ Peyton’s voice trembled with fervor. ‘I’ll tie the new rope to this old one so you can pull it up. Don’t go higher than that mark.’
‘I can’t climb up there,’ Zoe’s squeaky voice betrayed her fear.
‘You don’t have too, if I find a rope he can secure it,’ Peyton’s words blurred together as she sprinted towards her house. ‘Then we can help you up.’
‘Be careful,’ Zoe brushed her fingertips against his scars.
Alexander took a deep breath and started to climb up the rock. ‘Average at best. Exceptional at nothing.’



44



Raven slammed into Rex. The tight space was not the reason why they had collided, he was purposefully trying to catch her. It was insane but somehow it had worked. She was so dazed it took a while for her brain to start working again. The effort had completely drained his energy but revitalised hers. She grabbed the wall and powered up it. Her thighs burned as she forced her weight up with one leg then the other. The rhythm and pace she was able to achieve surprised her. It felt like she had a second wind and she was not stopping for anyone. Her heart was warm as if somewhere Alexander was climbing the exact same path.
It felt so freeing to climb with such a fuzzy feeling within her. Almost like her life no longer depended on the climb. It was a race between friends and nothing more. Suddenly she could feel a gentle breeze. It started to lick at her face and play with her hair. For the first time in what felt like a decade she no longer heard a buzzing sound, the chirping songs of frolicking birds filled her ears instead.
She smiled to herself as she increased her speed. It felt like her body was floating on a fluffy cloud. She could feel all of her cares float away. Nothing mattered anymore. The warm feeling spread throughout her body and made her giggle with delight. She wanted to hold onto the feeling. Feel it forever.
Her fingers felt the top of the exit. Finally she was out of the dark place, her eyes squinted against the bright light. She extended her leg over the ledge and dragged herself up. As she rolled away from the hole, she felt a wave of euphoria wash over her. The blue sky shone. Fluffy white clouds were dancing around her.
‘Who is Novak and why are you working together?’ Rex’s ugly face filled her vision.
She pushed him out of the way and continued to stare at the sky.
‘What does she know? And you what does a lowly thing like you know?’
‘Scared are you?’
He rubbed his jaw. A deep red mark was spreading across his face. On closer inspection it looked like his nose was broken. It only added to the ugly and smelly visage that ruined her high.
‘Novak is my friend, not your friend. It’s not a crime to have friends you know. You only don’t have one cause your a piece of s—’
‘What’s wrong with you? It’s like you’ve never tasted fresh air before?’
‘That no one likes.’ She giggled.
He grabbed her shoulders and dragged her back to the hole. ‘Have you noticed that Alex and Zoe stand at little too close? Stare longingly into each other’s eyes just a little bit longer than your one-sided glare at Alex’s button nose. She licks her lips when she stares at his. Almost like she would eat him up if she could.’
‘And she cringes every time you are near. Everyone does, ugly m—’
‘Tease me but you know I’m a good time.’ He yanked her body over to the pit, her top lip started to sweat.
‘No, no, no, no, no please, no, not the dark.’ She shrieked. Terror shook through her injured body as her face dangled over the black hole.
‘Tell me what I want to know!’ He spat into her ear. It trickled down her earlobe and made her shudder.
‘Why can’t I just be happy for one second?’ She sobbed. ‘Why must my whole life be filled with misery? Just give me something. If you can’t give me a place to fit in, you can’t remove the pit in my stomach, my unquenchable desire. Then just leave me alone. Why can’t you just do that, nothing more, just do that?’
‘Cry to your friends. Tell me what I want to know and nothing else. You stupid waste of time and effort.’ He was so close, his breath blew her hair away from her sweat soaked brow.
‘Novak is Lipowski’s sister, not a full one but half. Younger not smarter. Prettier not brave, cunning not intelligent. Devious not bright,’ she babbled. ‘Inept not talented. Lonely not stable, obsessive not balanced. Red not white.’
‘Lipowski is smart, intelligent, bright buy a thesaurus.’ He hissed. ‘Why is it so hard to just say it? I didn’t ask you for a story.’
‘Well basically she was only intelligent but Novak is more than that. Mostly because she isn’t.’ Her hair flopped over her eyes as her head hovered between life and death. A wave of nausea tickled her throat. She opened her mouth but the only thing that flowed out of it was drool.
‘Neither are you, I think I would get more sense out of Zoe.’
‘I take it that was an insult, let me return the favour.’ Raven lifted her leg and kicked his. ‘Weakness is the path to excellence or an easy way to corrupt.’
The material from his shirt dangled in front of her, she grabbed it and pulled him forward. It felt like the world was in slow motion as his arms flailed around her head. As she shifted her weight, she gave him one last kick. Her hand was suddenly empty as his body tumbled over her.
It was a horrible sight but within a second he was swallowed by the darkness. There was no way to tell if he was dead or by some twist of fate he clung onto something. Either way Erase would probably just stick him in their machine. The threat would still remain. She listened for a moment before her hands scrambled for the heavy plate. It slid through her fingers and clanged into place.
There was nothing to weigh it down so she sat on it. Her desperation made her feel sick to her stomach. She felt like a fool. It was a feeling that she had felt ever since she stepped into her past.
She glanced up at the sky and sighed.
‘Fancy seeing you again after such a long time meandering through life wondering what the purpose of it all is,’ the masculine voice made her jump. A spluttering annoyance that she did not want to hear.
She yelped and looked at the metal plate. It had not moved. The voice was coming from somewhere else.
‘Over here, I’ve missed you but you didn’t need to sit on a plate at the top of a cliff to see me, there was defiantly an easier way to the top. Your friends are either imbeciles or devious.’ His crooked mouth smiled. As he flashed his wonky teeth, her eyes sparkled with recognition.
‘Another way?’ She raised an eyebrow and pouted. ‘How many ways do they need?’
‘Depends on the purpose of your journey,’ he glanced at her as he shuffled forward, ‘to see Terger?’
The name was on the tip of Raven’s tongue but she did not feel like they knew each other. She gently cradled his face and stare into his eyes. The answer was just as elusive as the question. So much of her past felt like it had happened to someone else.
‘Oops no more unless you can swim through rocks and tread water for years. For Erase, are you taking a package or two up or down. Or maybe you are trying to keep something in.’ He licked his teeth. The action sent shivers up and down her spine.
‘Do I know you?’ She looked the man up and down but could not place him.
‘Were you ever yourself or did you always exist as someone else?’
‘Does it matter anymore?’
He smirked and pulled away. ‘I could stare into your eyes forever but would any work get done?’
A soft smile started to slowly spread across her face. The way he gently pulled at her skin made her tingle.
‘Have you met the man that uses words us a distraction? He’ll never tell you what you need to know perhaps what you want to know but it’ll never be the truth.’ His nostrils flared as he inhaled. ‘The air up here is so fresh and pure. Can we stay up here forever? Or will we be pulled down?’
‘Right I don’t really want to speak to you anymore but I can’t leave so can you?’ She licked her lips and tried to smile. Her mouth was painfully dry. The chaos that she had endured was starting to catch up to her. Her back was so itchy, her skin was painfully dry.
‘Frightened of a jump in the box. I’m pretty sure Rex is dead. Even a man so iconic as to fall to his death more than once and come back with a steel head. Can’t survive falling face first into the pit of doom. See you later then. Maybe someday when you aren’t captivated,’ the man placed a floral dress on the ground, ‘by fear we can hang out?’
She glanced down at the flimsy fabric and stuck out her tongue. The style and conflicting patterns were disgusting.
‘I think I’d rather be naked,’ she mumbled. Her face started to feel flush. She did not mean to say something so embarrassing but she no longer felt like she had any control over herself. There were so many things that she wanted to do but there was only one thing she could do. Her bottom felt like it was stuck to the cold metal. She wondered if she would ever be able to get up. With every passing moment it seemed more and more unlikely.
‘Got an ambush to organise and some people to kill,’ he disappeared before she could utter a word back. ‘Next one up is my first victim.’
She clung onto the metal plate and wondered where he had gone. Her heart was racing with anticipation but her body was frozen.



45



Alexander’s fingertips fumbled with the rope. He locked his legs around the tree stump and dangled upside down. Peyton’s face was calm. It gave him the encouragement that he needed. They looked into each other’s eyes. After a quick nod, he steadied his shaking hands and started to pull the rope up. This time it remained within his grasp. As his fingers brushed against the new rope, he grabbed it. He fumbled with the knot. It was easier to secure it to the anchor point. As he tied it around his harness.
A sound that was so familiar to him started to fill his ears. Some birds were chirping above him. Their delicate songs made him smile. It was a sound that he had not heard since he had been swept away. The environment was so fake that he had become accustom to the sound of buzzing. He started to lower himself down. His tummy was screaming at him as if it was under a constant strain. He took a deep breath as the wind whipped through his hair.
Peyton let go of the coiled rope. It slammed into the wall before slapping into the ground.
‘Fancy seeing you again after such a long time meandering through life wondering what the purpose of it all is,’ Jeff poked his head over the cliff. The neon pink was gone. His dress shirt was black, his hair was groomed as if he was waiting for a party.
Alexander groaned.
‘I’ve missed you but you didn’t need to dangle off a cliff to see me, there was defiantly an easier way to the top. Your friends are either imbeciles or devious.’
‘What the hell are you doing up there? Is something about to happen? Every time I see you something goes wrong.’ He glanced at Zoe, after a few attempts she had managed to tie the rope and cut off the excess.
‘Have you met the man that uses words us a distraction? He’ll never tell you what you need to know perhaps what you want to know but it’ll never be the truth.’ Jeff’s nostrils flared as he inhaled. ‘The air up here is so fresh and pure. Can we stay up here forever? Or will we be pulled down?’
The nonsensical words were a distraction, he missed his cue.
‘Oi Alexander it is secure.’ Peyton yelled up to him again.
‘Yes,’ Zoe confirmed.
‘Ready?’
‘Go!’ He leaned into his harness; as he descended, she slowly jerked towards them.
Peyton held the rope steady. The position almost made him laugh. It looked absurd as if she was squatting on an invisible ledge. Her slight frame was defying gravity. As he descended further, he realised that her knees and feet were planted into the rock.
A whirling noise made them all look into the distance. In the middle of the sky, a clear plastic sheet was making its way towards them.
He glanced down at the groove in the wall, Peyton was above the line. But even with his help Zoe would never make it, the cover was accelerating.
‘Peyton climb over the rope.’
She made eye contact with him. Wordlessly she moved sideways over the rope and away from Zoe as if she could read his mind. He waited for her to reach a point where she was safe.
Alexander held his breath and let go of the wall.
The tempestuous wind whipped over his hair and clothes, and dragged at his skin as he flew past Peyton.
Zoe went flying past him.
He tried to land on his feet then roll but the impact came sooner than he anticipated. As his head slammed against an object, he could feel it shuddering beneath him.
Blood started to seep out of his head. Once his vision cleared, he identified the object. It was the plastic sheet with a spiderweb of tiny cracks that started to cover the surface underneath him.
Unfortunately it had withstood the impact and now he was left with a front row seat to the people’s pain and suffering.
All the citizens were clawing at their throats. Oddly they were all rushing towards him. He slowly turned his head away until all he could see was the wall. But Peyton was wedged between the sheet and cliff.
‘Zo,’ Peyton’s blood soaked lips were struggling to move. The scenario boggled his mind.
He blinked. His tears were like fire in his eyeballs.
The seal was weakened by the impacts. It did not nestle into the groove anymore.
A familiar form was making its way through the crowd of withering people. The colour made Alexander scream in despair. It splattered out as Perry stabbed everyone he came into contact with.
Perry looked up and smirked at Alexander before he continued his rampage.
Unable to stomach it anymore Alexander moved his eyes to the side. The sight shocked him. Suddenly Peyton’s body went limp as the weight of the mechanism split her in two.
He whimpered.
Everyone was dead. As Perry made his way to Peyton’s legs, he paused by her severed hand. He grabbed it and wrapped the knife around her fingers before he stabbed himself with it. The sight made Alexander question his lucidity.
Perry dropped the weapon then the hand, he walked a few feet before he collapsed. His thin lips stretched into an ugly expression as blood poured out of his crooked nose. They were parallel to each other by design.
A noise above Alexander made him attempt to look up but his head was too heavy. The sheet shuddered beneath him as a sharp thud rippled through it. His neck was stiff and the world was starting to spin. A crackling sound made his stomach churn as the impact shattered the already fragile sheet.
He watched in awe as Raven and Zoe tumbled towards a tunnel of crimson. His eyes refused to focus. As the world blurred into nothing, he wondered why his friend and nemesis were flying towards hell and which one was which.
