







Second Chances




Paul J Donaldson


Copyright 2009



















Second Chances
by Paul J Donaldson
Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2009 Paul J Donaldson


All rights reserved.  No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in or introduced into a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form, or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise) without the prior written permission of the copyright owner.

This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, brands, media, and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or used fictitiously.

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Chapter 1




He lost the final argument of their relationship.  There were many, and as he watched her walk through the glass doors into the street, waving her firm backside like a victory flag wearing a red skirt, he remembered only the most recent.  A torrid eulogy of hatred, a vile prefix, ending a bond never completely brought to unification.  The bell above the door rang, not announcing a new customer; instead it spoke of love’s solemn exit.
James Hart sipped the remains of his third cup of coffee.  His stomach rolled with waves of acid.  His digestive tract swam in a sea of nervousness amplified by his destructive relationship with Sheila Gilman.  An ulcer might be forming in his abdomen with the initials SG carved in blood.
“Do ya want a refill?” The waitress asked as if caffeine corrected all the world’s incurable evils.
He knew her name was Candi.  She led cheers for the Plainfield Panthers ten years ago, when they were both high school seniors.  Candi Mize understood bad relationships.  She’d gone through her share, one ending in divorce.
“Probably shouldn’t,” James answered, “but given the present situation… coffee indulgence is better than booze.”
She tipped the glass pot and refilled his mug.  Ten years ago, Candi wore her hair long and bleached.  Now her natural color, an orange brown, took control.  Twenty extra pounds gathered on her hips, the price of two children, booze and junk food.  Candi no longer looked the part of the babe Jon Whateley got into bed with the night of their junior prom.  In the past decade she molded the shape of her body into one of dejection.
“If you want my opinion,” she offered.  Candi Mize always had a personal outlook on any situation.  Usually those in her company didn’t care to share her views.  Candi gave them anyway. “Sheila is a bitch… always was.  I think you can do much better.”
James smiled.  Friendship never blossomed between he and Candi Mize the cheerleader; in retrospect he wished it could have.  She waved pompoms on the sidelines while he played starting point guard for the Panthers in his junior and senior years.  She flirted, though usually not with the unsociable guard, wore her skirts too short and a bra too seldom.  Candi wasn’t his type, or maybe in truth he wasn’t hers.  James on the other hand felt a peculiar attraction toward a certain artsy girl a year behind him.  Audrey Martin and her mismatched attire, she hated jocks and wouldn’t give James so much as her opinion on the weather.  James forsook any involvement with the opposite sex, until after graduation, in hope Audrey would see him differently.  Today Audrey Martin was married to an advertising executive and living in White Plains.  
The bell over the door welcomed a new customer.  Candi left James’s table in search of new conversations.  He figured he could’ve sweet talked Candi and filled a void Sheila left dry, now that the once popular cheerleader lived life as desperate and lonely as he.
James took a small taste of the freshened coffee and decided he had already drunk enough.  He left two bills with Abraham Lincoln’s face on the table to cover eight dollars of eggs, bacon, home fries and caffeine.  It was the last time he would ever pick up Sheila’s tab.

***

A smoke gray sky augmented the morning.  James exited the small diner, still tasting coffee and onions from his last meal.  For a moment he stood before the glass windowpanes where the morning’s specials were posted for passersby.  Freedom smelt like a fresh new day.
Sheila Gilman was a year older than James and she possessed a much firmer grasp on the future.  A Masters in Business Administration led her down a path of a lucrative career at General Dynamics Corporation.  James barely survived two years of a technical college.  He worked as a Draftsman at Electric Boat, a division of GD.  They met not long after Sheila took a job with the government contractor.  They made an odd couple, one working his five-day week away in quest of a two-day weekend, the other climbing the corporate ladder with every breath.  Sheila referred to his occupation as drawing pictures of submarines.  Her comment always seemed cynical.
A job in Arlington Virginia had been offered to her.  A bargaining chip presented to him by Sheila, share an apartment with her while he sought suitable occupation.  Sheila wanted them to move in together.  She came packaged in a pert body with ideals dead set against marriage.  He was a little too old fashion for her liberal tastes.  Still, after a year and a half they remained a couple.  That was until this morning over breakfast in front of the no longer bleached blonde Candi Mize.
“Sometimes what you believe is right… isn’t the way for everyone.” He heard her statement reverberating through the portion of his brain that memorized such things.
“God isn’t for everyone… neither is marriage.  If the desire between two people is strong enough… There’s no need for a piece of paper.” He realized with a start that he was talking out loud, verbalizing the moral compass of his ex-girlfriend. 
He stepped to the edge of the sidewalk and watched a red Honda pass.  Sheila praised foreign cars, he owned American, one more thing they clashed about.  When it came right down to it, the only thing they ever agreed about took place beneath the sheets.  James wondered how it was possible to waste so much time in such an indifferent relationship.
He ventured a stride into the street, to wade through the traffic behind the Honda.  A horn, squealing tires and Sheila’s voice in his head, none seemed real until the impact of flesh and steal.
Chapter 2




The table by the window should have worn his name.  Godfrey Utes ate breakfast in the same location, at the same time, every morning.  He was a vibrant seventy-eight, widowed and immune to the harmful effects of bacon and eggs.
He overheard the conversation between the casually dressed young man and the professionally dressed woman, from an adjacent table.  The harsh dialog ended with the male’s humiliation.  Godfrey tried not to listen to the sounds forced against his eardrums.  The young woman caught his roving eye a couple times, a fault that got him in trouble more than once, during his marriage.  She wore a red skirt, not too short, and heals.  A matching vest complimented a white blouse.  Her exterior was all business, but he believed women like her were vixens beneath, lace bra, see through panties and very few inhibitions.
When she stormed away from the table, victorious, Godfrey watched her confident long legged strides.  He wished he were young again, being given an ultimatum by a woman shaped like her.  He would have accepted any terms the looker placed on any table as long as she made the offer while undressing.
He expected what he saw on the young man’s face, empty confusion.  The humiliated male was obviously stuck with both feet planted in the soil of his birth.  The woman in the red skirt wanted to see more than just the thrills of southeastern Connecticut.  At one time they most likely thought they could change the other, one laid back, the other a little too intense.  How much time had these two wasted, trying to be a couple?
He’d seen it before with young people.  A few rolls in the sack and they try to build a relationship on a physical moment.  Maybe these two should have been a three week fling and then moved on to more suitable pastures.
The waitress with the nametag reading Candi tried to sooth the humiliated.  She was weak in that department, tired, worn out and not a lot to offer.  Her capabilities didn’t go much beyond the art of warming up a cup of coffee and buttering toast.
Even though it was none of his business, Godfrey wondered about places like Arlington Virginia.  He’d spent all of his days, except two years in the military, living in Connecticut.  The girl’s future home was going to be just outside the capital.  He wondered if the couple shared an apartment, a bed.  Were they married?  He hoped not, now a days those vows weren’t taken seriously by young people. 
The young man got up from the table without touching much of his reheated coffee.  Godfrey watched through the glass of the front window as the morning crowd bustled by.  A red Honda zipped by, driving a little quicker than the posted twenty-five miles per hour.  Foreign cars were destroying the United States.  He figured the woman in the red skirt to be an owner of a Saab or Volvo.  The guy, who gave up looking for answers in his coffee, probably drove a Chevy or a Ford pickup truck.
His attention followed the Honda as it headed north along the limited business section.  He didn’t see the cause for squealing tires, or horns and shouts.  When Godfrey turned back to the view he previously surrendered, the guy who just walked out into freedom, lay face down on the pavement, broken and bleeding.

***

“He stepped off the curb… without looking,” a middle aged woman shouted. “I couldn’t stop.”
James listened to the innocent plea.  He heard car doors slamming and the rustle of the curious gathering around.
“An ambulance is on the way.” He heard a male voice announce to the crowd.
He was broken, completely.  He couldn’t feel his legs, for all he knew they were severed clean from his hips.  A minimal amount of pain spread throughout his upper body.  Shock, a spinal column snapped in two, he knew these were the reasons for his lack of discomfort.
Blood, he tasted the fluid pooling in his mouth.  A puddle beneath him flowed into his limited sight.  One eye no longer visualized the world from his perspective.  The other eye wanted nothing more than to close and sleep.
Sheila didn’t matter anymore.  He wanted to mumble a prayer of confession to a priest.  At the moment the future of his soul concerned him deeply.  He couldn’t form words, but God understood thought.  He was sorry for the weakness he felt in Sheila’s arms; sorry for every indulgence his young form ever took, sorry he didn’t look both ways before crossing the street.
“Move aside,” a voice broke through the crowd’s murmur.  The experience of long years accented the instructional tone.  A hand touched the side of his face, warm and dry.  The texture seemed old, yet not frail.
“You some kind of a doctor?” A female voice asked.  
“Sort of.”
A sound of an ambulance began to scream from a quarter mile away.  James heard it with more clarity than the voices around him.
“Minor injuries,” the voice of an elderly man said.  James believed it was the spoken announcement of the man touching him.
Gradually he began to feel his legs.  Vision slowly returned to both eyes.
“Nothing’s is broken,” the man’s voice spoke again.
“Hey someone get the old guy out of here,” another male voice yelled. “He’s some kinda nut job.”
Vision back completely, a neck capable of turning, James lifted his face from the street.  He saw the crowd and the old man, the healer.  He knew nearly every bone in his body had been shattered by his collision with the car.  He knew he tasted blood.  He knew he should have been lying on the pavement in the firm grasp of death.
The crowd of spectators pulled the old man away, but not soon enough, a miracle had taken place.
“He’ll be okay… just wait,” the elderly angel announced to the crowd. “It looked a lot worse than it really was.”
James raised himself onto an elbow.  Thirty seconds ago he couldn’t feel his arm.  Words formed in his throat and passed through his mouth. “It’s… okay,” he muttered, “leave him… alone.”
“My God…” the face with the relieved expression belonged to the middle-aged woman who failed to stop in time for the pedestrian stepping off the curb.
“He’s moving,” another female voice added.
“I thought…” 
James finished the woman’s assessment with his unspoken revelation… ‘the worse.’
A broad shouldered man released his grip on the elderly healer with the magical touch.  The ambulance was no more than a block away.  James sat up, inspecting the lack of broken bones and gaping wounds.
He turned to the face of the old man, freed from the encumbrance and accusation of being a nut job.  James recognized the ancient, time worn features.  The man sat at a table near him during breakfast and the final argument with Sheila.
A smile radiated across the wrinkled characteristics of age.  New shouts filled the scene.  Paramedics emerged like the Calvary into battle.  James scanned the crowd again, looking for the old man.  Movement to the rear, unimpeded, marked an unnecessary escape.  A young woman dressed in a dark blue uniform bent down to inspect the damage.
Chapter 3

 


“I’m sure he’d hire you,” Colleen said. “He’s always lookin’ for new girls… and Mitchell has a preference for sweet lookin’ blondes.”
“But… I don’t know,” Melanie responded.
Colleen leaned back against the counter.  Her long, shapely legs stretched out from beneath her oversized tee shirt.  The kitchen faucet dripped, she ignored it.
“He just took on a new girl two days ago.  She’s an average dancer… at best, absolutely no experience and you’re a lot cuter.”
Melanie got up from the table in the center of the room.  Her faded jeans were blown out at both knees, exposing her soft white skin.  Her white tee shirt was labeled with her most desired emotion, ‘Love’.  She finished her glass of city-filtered water and returned the gas station handout to the side of the sink.
After a rough spell with a couple boyfriends Melanie moved in with Colleen.  She was jobless and during high school the two blondes swore allegiance to some adoptive sisterhood of the yellow haired and shallow.  At twenty, both girls were simply stumbling through life.  To date Melanie’s pitfalls were deeper, causing signs of wear on a once superficial life.  Colleen offered to help her climb out of her most recent difficulty.
“Tips are good,” Colleen added in case Melanie wasn’t aware.
“All I have to do is dance topless… with a g-string?” Melanie asked the question, knowing the answer would be the same as always.
“That’s it… if you choose t’ do more… on the side… Mitchell will look the other way.  Some of the girls do, but you’re on your own if you get caught.”
“I don’t have to…?”
“No… but you will have to audition,” Colleen answered two questions at once. “I told him I’d drag ya down there this afternoon t’ shake your naked butt.  He has more or less guaranteed you the job… based on my recommendation.”
“I’m gonna be nervous.  I never…”
“You’ll get through it.”
“My stomach already feels…”
“Just think that you’re takin’ it off for a guy you got the hots for,” Colleen offered. “Close your eyes and believe how sexy you are.  I usually pick one guy from the crowd, a well-sculptured hunk.  I fantasize about the perfect setting and dance… without him knowing of course… for his sole entertainment.”
“When you… auditioned?”
“I danced for Mitchell without anyone else in the room.  He’s a little chubby and twice my age… but he has nice eyes and a lot of money.”
“Did you… fuck him?” Melanie asked.
“Of course, that’s the best part of the arrangement.  But don’t worry.  I already made sure he knew you were interested in simply getting’ naked.”

***

The Horned Toad didn’t look like much from the outside.  Route 12 flowed by the front parking lot.  The proprietors fought a half dozen legal battles over the past few years in an effort to keep the club opened.  Towns at both ends of the strip argued Toad’s closeness to schools.
Mitchell and his monetary backers hadn’t won any battles yet.  They only delayed the possible defeat.
Colleen’s early seventies modeled Camaro pulled into a parking space at the front door.  The vehicle sputtered, requesting an obvious desire for a tune-up.  The driver’s side door of the rust colored fastback groaned when opened.  Melanie noticed how bald the vehicle’s front tires were.
“If he likes what he sees… and I’m sure he will,” Colleen commented before entering the club, “he’ll set you up t’ dance tonight.”
“Tonight?”
“If he likes what he sees.”
Beyond the tinted glass doors a small foyer opened to a shadowed world.  No light bathed this dimension, no windows offered escape to other realms.  The gray September day gave way to the stale bastion of fornication.  Melanie considered turning to leave.
“This is the place where you’re the star,” Colleen said, adding a bright lining to the cloak of darkness.
Two men stood at the bar, neither were patrons, since the club was closed until four.  Melanie assumed one of the men to be Mitchell; the other would become the first of many nameless men she’d take her clothes off for.
“Yer early,” one of the men said with a cigarette dangling from the corner of his mouth.  Melanie figured he was Mitchell, a little rounded at the waist and balding.
“That’s Mitchell,” Colleen confirmed. “The other guy is a friend of his.  I have no idea who the hell he is… hangs around a bit.  He’s had his way with a couple of the girls… bondage and shit like that… for their profit… of course.”
Melanie sized up the tall, dark individual with Mitchell at the bar.  Muscles rippled beneath his tight shirt. “You?” She asked Colleen.
“What?” Colleen shook her head as the question drifted over her lips.  Melanie had a habit of asking incomplete questions.
“You said he’s had a couple of the girls.  Has he had you?”
“I wish,” Colleen responded. “Believe me… my pussy would not say no to him, tied up or not.”

***

“So ladies… do we have business t’ discuss or what?”  Mitchell sat at a table close to the stage.  The other guy didn’t join him.  The ice in his drink clinked against the glass as he swirled the remains of a rum and coke.  He watched the new girl move to the table.  His eyes undressed her.  Colleen sat to his right.  He motioned for the new girl to join her.
“This is Melanie,” Colleen said.
He nodded. “Can you dance?”
The girl offered a voiceless nod of her head.
“I take that to mean yes.  Have you ever danced professionally?”
“No,” she answered quietly.
“Sure you got it in ya… t’ take yer clothes off up there?” Mitchell pointed to the stage.  Both girls glanced in the same direction as his stubby finger.
A single pole decorated each end of the main entertainment area.  Wide stairs offered access from the front.  From where they sat, one of the two side entrances was also visible.
“You don’t got the looks kid, but then neither does your friend.  Told her so when she first showed up on my doorstep… tellin’ you the same.  Some of the girls have boob implants.  It’s obvious you don’t.  Hard to compete in a world based on tit size without a little silicone.  But ya do got that small town… farmer’s daughter look about cha.  Some of the horny customers go absolutely nuts about girls built like you.  Can’t imagine why.  My preference is for ripe melons.” He held both hands beneath his chest as if he supported a full breast in each palm. 
The new girl didn’t make eye contact.  Mitchell began to doubt her tee shirt would even come off, let alone her faded jeans.
“You smoke?” He asked, butting his cigarette in a clean ashtray.
The girl’s pale blues met his dark brown orbs for a brief second.  She wrinkled her nose as the cancerous smoke wafted into the breathable air.
“Cigarettes… you smoke cigarettes?” He asked a second time before turning toward Colleen and commenting, “Your friend a little dense?”
“No.” It was only the second time Melanie’s voice broke free of her throat.
“Drink?”
“Some.”
“Drugs?”
“Pot.” 
The single word responses continued, but at least the new girl chose to answer.
“A little weed on the side eh.  Then you do smoke… just not these damn things.” Mitchell reached into the pocket of his shirt for a pack of Marlboros.  He lit a fresh cigarette while casting consideration over Colleen’s friend.
“I think she can do it,” Colleen added for good measure.
“I don’t take well to girls freezin’ up on stage, when it comes time t’ disrobe and show some tit.  Customers don’t take to fondly t’ that.”
Melanie’s eyes looked up from the table.  He expected they focused on his mouth as he spoke and took heed of his warning.
“Why don’t you step up on the stage and show us,” he instructed, “if you’re up to it.”

***

A minister’s daughter should have never walked into a place like this, even one wrapped in her own shallow and insensitive little world.  Her father warned her about bringing her personal savior into any place of sin, but he was three years in the soil.  Cancer did the minister in.  His lungs were blackened by four packs of daily cigarettes.  He smoked on his deathbed while Melanie cried.
Mitchell had been right about one thing.  She was from a small town where farms were in abundance, but her father planted only tomatoes behind the parsonage and he sowed the word of God from a pulpit.  Her mother left them, for the next life, when Melanie was four.  She had no siblings.  Loneliness became her way of life.  Now she’d gone from the hospital room, watching the heart monitor connected to her father flat line, to the stark nudity of the empty club where she stood.
Her heart raced in her chest as she climbed the stairs to the wooden stage.
“Go slip on some music for your friend.” Melanie heard Mitchell instruct Colleen. “Any preference… love,” he added for her benefit.
“A nice beat,” Melanie responded, realizing how absolutely dumb her response sounded after it escaped her mouth.
“Give her somethin’ ripe… t’ shake her ass to,” he called toward the side of the stage where Colleen previously disappeared.
A gyrating rhythm pulsated through the speakers behind the platform.  Melanie moved her hips slowly to the passionate beat.  Her father rolled in his grave.  She thought of Salome, demanding the head of the Baptist in payment for a single dance.  Melanie LaChapelle was a kindred spirit with the evil women of her father’s bible.
“Enough shakin’… we need to see a little more flesh.” Mitchell’s voice rang out over the music, like the many catcalls and propositions she’d be subjected to on future nights.
‘The money is good.’ Colleen’s voice sang out in her mind. ‘Better than waiting tables or workin’ as a cashier.’
Melanie fixed her gaze on Colleen for support and lifted her tee shirt over her head.  Beneath, she wore a white seamless bra, which matched the bikini panty still concealed under her jeans.  She felt chilled, but ignored the discomfort, turning her back to the tiny audience as she unfastened the strap of the garment covering her small breasts.  She dropped the bra to one side and knowingly entered a world she once considered home to the vile and the desperate.
Chapter 4




“You’re very lucky,” the brown skinned female doctor said. “A few scratches and a bruise or two.  You’ll probably have a little pain in your hip.  Must of taken the brunt of the impact there.” She tapped her own womanly shaped backside to demonstrate location of his injury.  James was well aware of the pain’s location.
“Can’t believe you came through that without broken bones.  Your x-rays are fine, not so much as a fracture.”
“Then I can leave?” He asked, wanting to put a great distance between himself and the emergency room of the local Hospital.
“I have to run a few forms through… you might as well get dressed.” She turned to step from the enclosure and began to open the pale blue drape, dividing the large room into private alcoves. “One more thing,” she said, without looking back to her patient, “one of the paramedics said there was blood on the ground… quite a bit of blood.  It’s on your clothing too… and it matches your type.”
“Obviously it wasn’t mine,” James offered, inspecting a drying bloodstain on his shirt. “Maybe it was from a previous accident of some sort.”
“Would have to be recent,” the doctor added, turning back to face him.
“Would have to be,” he agreed.

***

James parked his Monte Carlo against the sidewalk, two blocks from where Sheila last walked out on his life.  His failed relationship possessed no lingering effect in his mind.  His only concern centered on a single spot in the street, a few strides from the diner’s front door.  No other thought seeped through his post Ms Gilman mind.
He reached the diner with its advertised menu printed on the window.  About three paces out into the street small fragments of glass littered the pavement.  He wondered if the broken shards might have come from the car that hit him.  Two steps down from the curb offered a closer look.  He scanned the area for a puddle of blood, or some discoloration on the black top surface to prove he had bled.  All evidence seemed wiped from reality.
James turned back up onto the sidewalk.  He strolled north past a few shops, which sold little to interest him.  The dull pain in his hip was nearly gone.  He doubted there was much bruising.  In one storefront window he stopped, not to gaze at items displayed for sale, but at his own face.  
A twenty-eight-year-old mask without identity stared back.  Two eyes looked at him from undamaged sockets.  His chin and nose were unbroken.
“For a moment I couldn’t move,” he said out loud, then wondered if shock might have caused the illusion.
The old man, a wrinkled memory crept into his mind.  Where had he come from?  Slowly the mind of James Hart wrapped itself around his own question.  The old man had been in the diner.  He felt more certain of that fact than he did when lying in the street this morning.  The elderly healer had sat in a seat behind the table James shared with Sheila.  Twice she had looked up and offered a glare to the space behind James’ head.  Reflections on the glass, an age-worn face in the horrified crowd, James would remember the old man’s face if he ever saw him again.
Behind him a woman in a light green dress passed.  Her reflection mingled with his mirrored remembrance as the first drop of an afternoon rain shower pelted the sidewalk.

***

“Coming by tomorrow t’ watch the Giants game?” Jonathan Hart asked from the other end of the phone line.
James draped his wet jacket over the back of a kitchen chair.  The brief shower had turned torrential before moving off to the east.  A thorough soaking bathed him before he reached the shelter of his car.
“You bet I’ll be there,” he told his older brother. “West coast game right… on at four?”
“Yup… gonna kick some Niner ass,” Jonathan predicted. “Why don’t ya come by around two.  We’ll plan an early dinner.”
“You run that idea past Joanna?”
“Ran it up the flag pole and she gave it a salute, after all… you are her favorite brother-in-law.”
“See you at two,” James said and noticed the gathering puddle of rainwater at his feet.  He should have let the phone ring when he entered the apartment, or at least removed his wet sneakers.  Jonathan would have called back, but Sheila might not have.  He anticipated her voice, not his brother’s.  A small piece of his heart was still unwilling to give up on Sheila Gilman, completely.
“She’s makin’ a ham,” Jonathan said, in reference to his wife of eight years. “The kids will look forward to seeing you.”
“Good… got t’ go… see you tomorrow.”
James hung the phone back in the cradle.  He wiped his forehead of fluid his thick hair needed to release.  The clock, on the wall over the sink, read five minutes past five.  Saturday afternoon was shot completely.
He grabbed a towel from the tiny hall closet and briskly rubbed it through his hair.  As his luck happened to play out, he got drenched running back to his car after checking the scene of his misfortune with the speeding chunk of steel on wheels.  Then the sky opened a second time as soon as he pulled into his condo’s parking area.  He removed his shirt and wet jeans and inspected the fading reminder of the morning’s mishap.  In his mind he tried to downplay the accident.  The pale bruise on his hip could’ve been ten days old.  It was barely visible.
The phone on the kitchen wall rang again.  He knew Jonathan had no reason to call back, unless his refrigerator was out of beer.  That was a one in a million possibility.  The likely caller sat in her fancy English Tudor across town, regretting a small part of the morning’s conversation and wanting to schedule another moment of humiliation with her private whipping post.
He walked into the kitchen and listened to the phone ring for the sixth and seventh times.
“Go to hell… Sheila.” He spoke softly and without emotion.  The tiny hole in his heart Sheila bore out closed.  Hopefully the void would stay sealed.  He’d taken the last ounce of verbal abuse from the eye-catching feline.  He wore dozens of scratches on his psyche to prove his point.  James always understood that looks, money and social status meant little to a positive relationship.  He’d been wearing blinders for a while.  When the phone stopped ringing he removed them.

***

James greeted the youngest of Jonathan’s three children from his knees.  Two-year-old Samantha ran across the room with her arms stretched wide in glorious anticipation of a hug from her uncle.  Her chubby arms wrapped around his neck and her soft cheek pressed against his Sunday afternoon stubble.
“Well someone’s glad t’ see me,” He said as he stood with the small prize secure in his arms. “Where are the boys?” James asked, as his brother closed the door behind him.
Joanna strolled in from the kitchen and answered his question before Jonathan grabbed the chance. “They’re next door, at Tommy Lang’s, throwin’ a football around.”
“Pre-game warm up,” Jonathan added.
Stephen and Stuart were seven-year-old twins.  They both possessed yellow hair, like their mother and little sister.  James often teased his older sibling about the fact that Jonathan sported a full head of brown hair whose genes weren’t strong enough to taint a few blondes.  Jokingly Jonathan would respond that the mailman was a blonde.  Actually the regular mailman in Jonathan and Joanna’s neighborhood wore most of his gray hair in the drain of the bathtub, but maybe he had once been blonde.
James knew Jonathan was fortunate to have landed a princess like Joanna for a bride.  His brother agreed completely.  If a marriage could be perfect, it lived beneath the roof of Jonathan and Joanna’s home.
The attractive blonde in the doorway between the kitchen and living room offered the brothers a couple beers.  She wore an oversized Giant’s jersey with Phil Simms’ number, her normal Sunday afternoon attire in the autumn.
The aroma of baked ham filtered from the oven to James’s nose.  The television was tuned to the local CBS affiliate.  A game between the Redskins and Eagles held little importance to Giant fans this early in the season.  The Cowboys were the Giants only competition in the division.  
Samantha wanted down.  Her small legs took her down the hall toward her bedroom as soon as they made contact with the carpeted floor.
“So what’s new?” Jonathan asked.
“Unka Jam,” the sweet voice of Samantha said from the hall.  She didn’t need to say anything more.  She held a book in front of her, a Doctor Seuss classic. “Sam I am… Unka Jam read Sam I am?”
She had a way of looking at him through her blue eyes that made everything else in life less important.  Communication between uncle and favored niece took place in the form of his hands slapping his lap and the small child’s acceptance of the invitation.  A ritual.  The red covered book meant an act of love to both hearts.
A first down by the Eagles grabbed the attention of the crowd in the televised stadium.  A plate with green eggs and ham held Samantha Hart’s attention.  A small blonde, curled in his lap captivated James’s.

***

“It must have been just the shock of the whole thing that made you think you were injured severely,” Joanna said.
James shrugged his shoulders with an immediate response.  Halftime scores for the NFL games, which started at four o’clock rolled across the screen.  The Giants were losing 14 –10.  James’s story about his morning excitement held Joanna’s interest.  Jonathan’s only comment pertained to Sheila Gilman’s resemblance to a female dog.
“I guess I was lost in thought… about Sheila and all,” James surmised, drawing his interest back to the story he told and not the National Football League.
“She’s a bitch,” Jonathan reiterated, after ensuring Samantha wasn’t in earshot. “As far as I see it you’re soooo much better off without her.”
“Agreed… but…”
“Shock,” Jonathan interrupted, “I think my beautiful wife hit it right on the head.  You’re lost in thought… probably rehashing the argument, the car comes to a screeching halt, you brush against the bumper… get knocked off balance and fall… and your mind begins to play an elaborate game.”
“I didn’t think you were even paying attention to his story,” Joanna stated.
“What kind of a shallow older brother do you take me for?”
James smiled from his chair across the room.  His brother and sister-in-law teased often.  The act was one of the strengths of their marriage.
“It’s obvious… ya know,” Joanna reaffirmed an assessment James gradually considered accepting.
“That I was paying attention,” Jonathan added, “or that little bro here imagined the blood and broken bones.”
“And the old man,” James said, a thin vapor of doubt still trying to maintain its hold on his recollection. “The old man was real.”
“No doubt,” Joanna commented.
“Someone in the crowd with a level head… who saw the incident for what it was,” Jonathan explained.
“You know what really bothers me about the morning?”
“What?” The married couple asked in unison.
The accident began to take form logically in his mind, fitting itself into Joanna’s well thought out scenario.  Only a faded bruise on his hip registered as a reminder.  The original distress of the morning took precedent, a life changing decision to part ways with a woman who still excited his male chemistry. 
“I wasted nearly eighteen months… with Sheila.  Trying to make the relationship into something it was never gonna be.”
“Then don’t go back to it… this time,” Jonathan responded.
The logical female voice replied in tandem, “I couldn’t agree more.”
Chapter 5




Last night had been horrible.  First time jitters the knowing advised.  Tonight, Sunday, the crowd would be smaller.  Saturday night was a baptism in fire.  Melanie felt dirty after performing.  She couldn’t wait to get back to Colleen’s apartment and shower in excessively hot water.  She thought of her first time in a boy’s bed, the dead minister’s daughter, a waif controlled by anti-religious anger, giving her virginity and risking pregnancy in a beer consumed moment of passion.  The scarlet stain on the sheet denounced her desire for God’s embrace.  She hadn’t allowed His touch since.
“It will get easier,” Colleen assured her, both last night and again this morning at the apartment.  Now, on the verge of another awkward performance, Melanie would test her friend’s wisdom and hope it possessed substance.
Colleen stood across the dressing room with a girl earlier introduced as Darcy.  A sprawling tattoo decorated the small of Darcy’s back.  A few of the other girls branded themselves with similar designs.  Colleen wore a silky pink robe over her shoulders, open down the front, exposing her breasts and silver g-string.  The other dancers were just as bold about their nudity.  Melanie wondered if she could ever be anything like them.
The thumping bass of their erotic score could be easily heard through the wall.  Occasionally the voices of the male crowd mingled with the music.  Melanie shivered, despite the room’s warm, and tried to zone out her present surroundings.
“You goin’ on soon?” The redhead named Layla said from beside her. “Tips aren’t nearly as good as Saturday nights, but there’s a few guys out there with a decent amount of spare cash.”
Melanie nodded, clutching her robe tight to her chest.  Beneath it she wore a pair of simulated leather shorts and a matching bra.  The robe wouldn’t make it to the stage.  The other two garments were not designed for the modest.
“Just don’t think about it,” Layla advised. “Focus on the space above their heads.  It’s what I did when I first started.  Soon it’s all the same… every night.  Doesn’t matter about the crowd size… kinda like sex.  Size doesn’t mean a friggin’ thing.  It’s all in the head.”
“Did you ever picture yourself doin’ this,” Melanie asked the girl next to her. “I mean before you started?” The query came from the inquisitive side of Melanie.  A writer would have asked the question to support a novel’s background, or to gain insight for a documentary.  Melanie was simply curious.
“No.”
“Then why?”
“This is easy,” Layla answered, “take off your clothes, shake your naked ass, tuck a few bills in your g-string and sleep late in the morning.”
Melanie looked at her own reflection in the mirror before her.  In her peripheral vision she compared Layla’s reflected exterior to her own.  The redhead was nearly thirty with tired gray eyes.  She smoked heavy and admitted to liking men way too much.  Melanie wondered if, eight or nine years from now, her skin would have aged as hard as Layla’s in the life she led.
“Did you ever want t’ do anything else?” Melanie inquired.
“You mean besides take my clothes off for an adoring public?” Layla laughed.
Melanie nodded.
“Family doesn’t run in my genes… school sucked, except for the boys.  I did consider beautician school, but that was a waste of good money.” Layla got up from her seat.  She stood a couple inches shy of six feet, at least half a foot taller than Melanie. “You better get ready,” Layla added, choosing not to answer Melanie’s curiosity completely. “They’ll be expecting your cute little tits out on the stage in a little bit.”

***

“So who’s the new cutie?” Cal Jones asked the clubs proprietor.
“Melanie LaChapelle,” Mitchell Gardiner answered, “claims she’s from the northwestern corner of the state.  She had issue with takin’ her clothes off last night… first night butterflies.  One of the girls says she puked in the back room.  Looks like she got over her issue with exposing her sweet tits.”
“Saturday night’s a rough night to start,” Cal replied. “Can’t believe you’d take on a green chick and put her out there on a Saturday.”
“Friend of Colleen’s,” Mitchell offered. “Her friends are normally eager to make a few bucks… anyway possible.  This one doesn’t seem to be from quite the same mold.  I understand she’s a preacher’s daughter… gone astray.  Spent her last year of high school chummin’ up to Colleen… who has probably never so much as listened to a fuckin’ sermon from the pulpit in her entire life.”
“I hope you’re gonna make sure she can cut it before you offer her any…”
“Parties,” Mitchell finished his friend and business partner’s statement. “Your guys would love her… but sometimes they’re strictly dancers… sometimes they’ll perform a few tricks on the side.  I wouldn’t even make the suggestion… unless she seemed… ready.”
Cal Jones finished his drink as a couple old standbys took the stage. “Maybe you should make the suggestion.”
“I’ve always had a good feel for shit like that… haven’t I?” Mitchell said.  For five years he’d lent out girls to Cal Jones and his business partners to entertain at private parties.  Cal Jones liked to consider himself a recruiter of sorts, and if he commented on a dancer he was interested.
“Next Saturday night… I’d like Colleen and Darcy.  It’s my kid brother’s twenty-fifth birthday.  Want it to be real special.” Cal spoke his request in a somber tone. “I also have an itchin’ for a third girl.  I think a cute blonde with small tits would do just fine.  A first timer would definitely add a little spice to the party… provided she’s beyond the puking stage and you can give all of them the night off.”
“Three girls this time?”
“Yeah… and I think my brother’s gonna love the way your new girl looks… that is if she’s ready and interested in makin’ a shit load of untaxed cash.”
“I’ll talk to them,” Mitchell replied. “I’m sure there won’t be any problems… they can’t beat the money… shakin’ their butts out there on that stage.”
“I’ll inform the interested parties that we have a deal then.  If for some reason one of them is unavailable I’m sure you’ll find a suitable replacement for a two-fifty plus night.”

***

The hot water beat down on Melanie’s face and upper torso.  She wished to steam away the dirt staining her soul.  A cramp in her stomach made itself known.  She hadn’t thrown up this time.  Tonight she made it onto the stage, stripped and took a few small bills in tips.  Still she cried and let the shower’s torrent wash away the tears.
Melanie rubbed soap over her stomach and breasts as if the suds offered the redemption her father always promised to sinners.  Colleen described exotic dancing as a fulfilling way of life.  More money than either of them could have made donning clothes and working nine to five in a stagnant office.  
Melanie LaChapelle gave up on dreams she possessed no right to.  Gradually, since the time of her father’s death to the moment of her most recent betrayal, she felt less deserving of her envisioned ideals with each passing day.  Three months ago Melanie caught Bobby Lang in bed with another woman.  Her last great hope of molding a relationship into an escape from life tossed unfaithfulness in her face.  Obviously living together gave no sense of commitment to their secular union.  The youngest version of the three Lang brothers possessed an eye for other women and a temper for her.  He struck her twice during arguments.  The second time she wore dark glasses for a week.  Maybe she was nothing more than the vile names he enjoyed calling her during his vicious tantrums.
Since graduating high school she held no single job longer than three months.  Her resume was pretty bland and she wouldn’t be updating it with her present line of employment, a waitress in a sandwich shop, a cashier at the corner grocery store, a stripper.  Briefly the thought of adding ‘prostitute’ to the unpublished list crept into her mind.  She pushed the notion away with contempt.  If she had lost the nerve again tonight Mitchell would have let her go, despite Colleen, despite her cute country girl looks.  Colleen talked her into selling men a peek at her flesh.  Now she stood naked, dripping in the shower, wanting to rid herself of the defilement.  
Chapter 6




The fan over his bed lay frozen in the early morning.  White propeller blades meant to sooth hot flesh during humid nights, unneeded in the cooling autumn.  The gentle breeze through an opened window sufficiently cooled the room, now that September’s drier air dominated weather forecasts.  Godfrey hadn’t slept well over the last couple nights, despite the mild temperatures.  He thought about the seventh healing and the previous six.  One touch of his hands gave life to death, restored every breath never taken.  The gift was gone now.  The curse no longer boiled in the tendons and muscles beneath his skin.  He prayed not to part with the healing touch and at the same time wished to be free of its controlling shackles.  
Fifteen months ago a beautiful woman touched him.  His heart failed and the light at the tunnel’s end came rushing into focus.  She brought him back to this world and told him he would do for seven as she had done for him.  The seventh would take the gift and follow its instinct into the fields of battle.  At first he saw a sacrament in the palms of his hands, God’s will brought forth to a humble man.  Then he believed the power belonged only to him.  His will determined life and death.  Now he realized fate owned the curse and two days ago Godfrey endowed the pestilence on another. 
He would have liked to save his final touch for the moment and person of his choosing, but the curse needed fulfillment and Godfrey desired peace.
The young man would look for him when the time came.  Godfrey wouldn’t hide.  He rose slowly from his bed, feeling the aches of age.  Despite keeping himself active and being healed of not only a heart ailment, but the lingering plague known as arthritis, sleep still stiffened his muscles.  He stretched and breathed in a new day.
Slippers, pajama bottoms, gray hairs on his chest, he walked from his bedroom to the kitchen, gaining life with each step.  He placed a cup of water in the microwave.  At home he drank his coffee instant and never complained about its lack of taste.  Most mornings he left for the diner and his usual breakfast without the micro waved concoction.  This morning, lack of sleep made it necessary for him to alter his routine.
Godfrey lived alone, without so much as a goldfish for company.  He liked it that way, even though he’d give anything to have his wife of forty-two years back.
He remembered the first of his seven healings with fondness.  A five-year-old girl riding a bike with training wheels and a teenager in the driver’s seat of a car too fast for the road.  The curse pulsated through his outstretched fingers and into the small child’s broken body.  The girl should have died, blood gurgled in her lungs.  Godfrey meant only to comfort her, since no one else seemed able to stomach the horror.  He remembered those weak eyes gaining strength; shallow breaths taking on more oxygen with each inhale.  By the time the hit and run accident attracted the eventual crowd the little girl was unbroken and talking to her savior about tea parties and her Raggedy-Ann doll.
Soon his number seven, as Godfrey referred to the final recipient of his touch, would discover a miraculous talent.  Number seven would seek out the old man from the diner.  Godfrey Utes would be there waiting, in the same seat, with the same plate of cholesterol enriched food in front of him.

***

Mondays set the tone for the rest of the week.  The overhead sky wore a few clouds; the weather forecast on WTIC said they would depart before noon.  The air offered a promise of autumn if one took the time to smell the aroma.  Summer’s humid kisses were a memory passed.
James parked in a lot further up Eastern Point road than necessary.  He enjoyed the walk to the building housing the tiny office he shared with two co-workers.  He also wished to avoid Sheila Gilman at all costs.  
They were a different breed, he and the beautiful woman he just spent the last year and a half with. Climbing the ladder of success held a huge priority in Sheila’s way of thinking.  Relationships were secondary.  She never would’ve admitted to being shallow and vain, but outsiders witnessed her true personality.  So why did he stay with her?  She was nice to look at, but so were many other girls he knew.  She was familiar, if not comfortable, and every time they threatened to end the vile affair she’d run back to him, open the door and make it appear as if he were the first to re-enter.  Having a woman like Sheila Gilman plead for your attention, even falsely, felt powerful.  For a short time after each breakup Sheila treated him as if he were a monarch.  Then normalcy would rebound, and she remembered she made more money than James, owned an elaborate home, drove a newer car and when it came to actual importance in the world’s eye, she reigned supreme.
He reached the red brick engineering building and entered through the back door.  The entrance was labeled with a plague overhead, C-62, a notation given by the transportation department for deliveries throughout the shipyard.  A barrel chested guard checked his badge as he slipped through the turnstile.
“Morning James,” a studious brunette with glasses said.
When he glanced at her she smiled shyly. “Mornin’ Margaret,” he responded. “Did you have a nice weekend?”
“It was okay… how about yours?” 
“Interesting,” James answered, “very interesting.”
He moved toward the staircase leading to the second floor.  She followed, a stride behind.
“See your niece this weekend?”
He always spoke about Samantha to his co-workers.  He envied Jonathan, for his wife and his kids.  He envied the stability family life gave his older bother.  Maybe that was something else he saw in Sheila, stability, despite the fact she didn’t want to marry.
“Yeah… read Green Eggs and Ham again,” he answered.
“Must be your favorite book.”
“Seuss is the only author worth reading.”     

***

“James!”
He couldn’t avoid her forever.  Sheila came to him.  Lowering herself to come to his department.  She wore a look willing to accept guilt at any cost.  James reminded himself that her appearance was fabricated.
“Can we talk?” She asked.
“Thought we did an awful lot of talking Saturday morning,” he answered.  His eyes sought out the blank surface of his desk, rather than her face.
“I tried to call you Saturday night… you weren’t home.”
“And.” His reply came from his mouth sharply.  He felt Margaret’s presence in the room and fought to remain civil.
“I may have been… too harsh,” she countered.
“Sheila,” he lowered his voice, wondering if Margaret would strain to try and catch a few words. “We’ve been down this road often.  I’m tired… and not willing to walk down it anymore.”
“That’s it… more than a year down the tubes.” She spoke louder than James.  Her voiced amplified by emotion.  Never before had rejection slipped from his lips.  It was hard for her to stomach.
“It was enough on Saturday.” For the first time, since she walked into the room, his sight focused on her.
“Could we go someplace private?” She asked, then added in a whisper, “You have a co-worker bent on listening.”
“Look Sheila,” his voice picked up volume, “I have nothing more to add to the conversation… neither here or in private.  Two days ago you made a decision on our relationship.  Today I’m standing by it.”
“I don’t understand,” she blurted in a near whimper.  
The controlled persona Sheila always put forth showed a few cracks in the surface.  Her vulnerability gave him power.
“There’s nothing to understand.”
“I don’t want to be without you,” she whispered.
“I’m a different person today… from who I was Saturday morning.”
“People don’t change in two days… that’s…” She caught Margaret glancing toward their discussion.  James figured his co-worker interrupted his being called an idiot or a moron. 
“It’s possible… if someone makes a conscious decision to change,” he responded. “You stated your goals in life clearly.  They differ greatly from mine.  I decided to live my life as I want to live it… and I’ve been given a second chance.”
“And my leaving you gives you a second chance.”
James noticed her struggle for the upper hand.  The re-iteration of the fact that she left him clung like a vine to her pompous stature.  He wished to humiliate her, make her regret coming to his tiny office to air out dirty laundry.  He opted to let her win.
‘Yes,” he confirmed. “I don’t want to hold you back.  Arlington would be a perfect promotion for you.  It’s well deserved.
Again he noticed Sheila stare down Margaret.  He considered asking his co-worker out for a drink after their shift.
“Then maybe we’ll run into each other sometime,” Sheila offered in retreat.
James rose from behind his desk, a handshake was all he could offer.  To his surprise she accepted his outstretched hand and improved his life tremendously.
Chapter 7




Sneakers, a bar and grill frequented by those who drew pictures of submarines, set down the road from the Annex.  James spent six months working at the off-site facility about a mile from the shipyard, when first hired by Electric Boat.  Sneakers served as his cafeteria during that half-year.
“I don’t normally stop out like this after work,” Margaret said.  She brushed a wisp of black hair from her forehead as they met by the front doors.  She made certain her eyes didn’t meet his as she spoke. “Change that last statement,” she corrected herself. “Went out for a drink with a project team after completion of the design work last spring.  A drink became two… then three.  I don’t drink very often… so you know the rest of the story.”
“Drunk on your ass?” He queried.
“And then some.”
They took a table in the back corner of the main room after ordering two beers.  James was surprised to find that Margaret drank the brew of common folk.  She seemed more the type for a glass of wine, burgundy most likely, and a good book.
“So to continue your story about your lone drinking binge,” James said, “Did you do the proper thing… and give someone else your keys.”
“I needed to be driven home.” She sipped her beer.
“Hangover?”
“Not too bad,” Margaret answered. “When I was in college I abused my liver somewhat.  I’m not the most… outgoing person… and alcohol helped.” 
James sat back in his chair and studied the person at his table for a moment. “Amazing,” he commented, “I’ve worked with you for a couple years now… and I never would have pictured you drinking… let alone drunk.”
“High point of my career… you think.”
Her eyes meandered up from the glass of beer in her hand.  They didn’t quite meet his.  James figured she watched his mouth form the next words he spoke.
“It’s just that I always imagined you as different,” he clarified his previous comment.
“Straight… shy… bookworm,” she offered, “sitting home seven nights a week waiting for a phone to ring… that never rang.” 
She lost control of her expression for a second.  James feared a cracking exterior, surrounded by glazed eyes.  She took a long drink from her beer, nearly draining her glass.
“I’m buying the next round,” she declared, “if we change the subject.”
“Consider it changed,” he responded, “but remember… you do have t’ drive.”
It wasn’t often that Margaret Richards met people eye to eye.  James knew the almost finished beer helped.
“If I get too wasted… I can rely on you for a lift.”
He never took the attractiveness of her black eyes into account.  She had thick eyebrows, the kind made popular by Brook Shields, a round nose and full lips.  Her Italian and Greek ancestry demonstrated itself by the slight growth of fine hair on her upper lip.  His response to her statement came as a simple smile and a nod of his head.
Margaret went to the bar to purchase a second round.  She sipped the head off her beer on the way back to the table, leaving a white mustache to mark her indulgence.  James motioned to her foamy reward as she sat.  She smiled and licked her upper lip clean in a manner her co-worker could have taken as sensual.
“What does that remind you of?” She asked uncomfortably.  When confusion seemed to be the only emotion visible on his face she looked back into the beer in front of her, embarrassed.
“I’m sorry,” she softly intoned into the thick air.
“What for?”
“Shop talk,” she answered. “Whenever I try to…” She paused and took a swig of her fresh beer. “I say stupid stuff… and sometimes inappropriate stuff.”
“I haven’t thought any of our conversation was stupid or inappropriate.”
Her black eyes slowly moved from the surface of the fluid in her glass to his face. “We were going to change the subject weren’t we?” She reminded him.
Part of James’s chemistry wanted to shift the gears of the conversation toward new horizons, the rest of him wanted to see how the second beer would affect his friend.
“Pick a subject,” he said without concern for scruples.  
“It’s over between you and Sheila,” she ventured. “Isn’t it?”

***

In Margaret’s apartment, after a third and forth round from the tap, James made a pot of coffee while his co-worker giggled on the living room couch.  Her single bedroom apartment occupied the upper level of an old Victorian, a short distance from the shipyard.  On a good day Margaret could hike to work.  Most days she drove her tiny Volkswagen.
Letting Margaret drink four glasses of beer wasn’t a gentlemanly thing to allow.  But he found himself enjoying Margaret’s personality more with each round.  The shy girl vanished and the joke about the foam on her lip got raunchier. 
James went into the living room as the coffee dripped.  Margaret sat on the couch, legs spread on a coffee table and shoes tossed across the room.  She removed her blouse, revealing a plain white camisole and braless nipples.
“I never thought you ‘n… Sheila made a good… couple,” Margaret said through a slurred set of vocal chords.
James sat across the room, in an old reclining chair.  He wondered if the look in Margaret’s eyes was disappointment.  If she offered the seat next to her on the couch he wouldn’t refuse.
“Watched you go off an on with her a few times… came to the conclusion… she’s a full-blown… beee-itch,” Margaret laughed at her description of a highly regarded member of the division’s upper management.
“It took me awhile to see it,” James responded, “but we live totally different lifestyles.  We were nothing but a battle of social classes.”
Margaret sat forward on the couch and smiled at the thought preparing to leave her head. “Did you love her?  I mean no one stays with a friggin’ bitch like… Sheila Gilman… unless they see something the rest of us don’t see.”
“I don’t know… I think I’m guilty of… being with her… because of who she was and who I was able to become with her.”
“You’re more than that.”
“More than someone who seeks to find their worth in someone else?”
Her response to his comeback exited her lips as an infectious chuckle. “Ya know what?” She asked and continued without waiting for a reply. “I guess I’ve walked the same road a couple times.  It’s hard not to let relationships… intimate relationships define who we are.”
“You sound quite philosophical after a few beers.”
She nodded her head and licked her lips as if foam still coated them.
“I like you,” she said randomly, “always have… and if… well if the situation occurred… I’d…” Her mood seemed to present frustration.  The girl loosened up by alcohol began to slip back into her shell.  She looked down toward the worn carpet on her floor. “I… should just leave it at that.”
“Leave it at what?” James asked.
“You did the right thing… and it’s none of my business…”
“Can I tell you something?” He interrupted.
She nodded her head, appearing to lose her train of thought with the break.  She folded her legs beneath her and readied herself for some revelation of immense importance.
“I’ve come to believe in second chances.  It’s not logical… and the reasons behind this… faith,” he paused for a moment, somewhat surprised that she didn’t latch on to the silence to begin her own sermon. “I can’t think of anything else to call it… faith.  Second chances and faith… that’s what it’s all about.  That’s why I no longer have a need for some meaningless relationship with Sheila Gilman.  I no longer need to be identified by a relationship… by one with a non-existent future.”
She quickly moved her head up and down in agreement with his proclamation.
“Being with Sheila Gilman made me someone to be envied… that’s how I always thought.  I was lucky to be with her.  In reality… I wasn’t envied.  I was pitied.  Then a strange thing happens, I imagined my own death,” James laughed at his statement. “The car struck me… barely.  In my mind I saw blood and bones.  I believed I was a broken piece of human flesh… but it was only a trick of my mind… see… no injuries.” He spread his arms wide to display unblemished hands and a solid frame.
“I don’t understand,” Margaret cut in when the opportunity arose. 
“I had a close encounter with death.  Saturday morning, after being humiliated by Sheila for the last time… I stepped off a curb into the street.  I was in a daze, all I heard were screeching brakes.  Next thing I knew I was lying face down in the street imagining my own death.  It’s crazy, but I saw blood and… I couldn’t feel most of my body.  Tricks of the mind, as you can see I’m quite unscratched… and any bruises are minor, believe me.  One moment everything, which seemed to have value, walked out of my life.  The next instant… I’m totally alive… and everything seems to have a new purpose.”
	
Chapter 8




“I told you t’ stay out of my freakin’ life,” Darcy Cavino bit into the air separating her from Mark Towne.
“I just w-wanted to talk to ya… Darse,” Mark sputtered.
Darcy turned her back on the man she kicked out of her life three months ago.  They shared a run down apartment in Jewett City, near the north end of Main Street.  Cockroaches and dirty underwear, that’s all he offered her.  Mark Towne also nourished a jealousy streak, one that ignited at least once a week, when her choice of employment and too many drinks were mixed together.  She’d been working at the club for six months before they met.  He bought her a drink and coaxed her to his shabby dwelling two nights after she performed tricks at her first private party.  In her estimation of men Mark seemed nice, but the money she made at Cal Jones’ parties far outweighed any virtue a boy friend offered, especially one who tried working as seldom as possible.  She moved in with him for a few weeks, moved out when Mark laid down ultimatums she wasn’t willing to live by.
“Talkin’s done,” she offered the courtesy of a curt response. 
They stood exposed in the parking lot of the club.  The sun lazily rode the horizon, not willing to give up its dominance.  Darcy moved away, toward the rear entrance of the building.  Mark grabbed her arm with a grip firm enough to bruise.
“You might be done talkin’ Darse… but I ain’t.”
He’d been drinking.  She recognized the dull look in his eyes.  Twice, in the three weeks they shacked up together, his drinking, his fists and her face came to punishing terms.  She bailed after the second black eye, figuring she was lucky to have a nose in place and all her teeth.
“Ya know,” she blurted out quickly, “someone’s gonna come.”
“I’m not gonna hurt you,” Mark insisted.  In the past, when he did cause her pain, he made the same declaration. “I’m sorry… for hitting ya b’fore.  I was okay with you dancin’… and all.  I just…”
He released her arm as her wish came true.  A car entered the parking lot and pulled into a space near the back reserved for employees.  Mark watched the vehicle, loosing his drunken train of thought in the process.
“I need the money,” Darcy argued, “and I’m not workin’ waitin’ on friggin’ tables.  I wasn’t doin’ nothin’ I didn’t do before we met.”
Her comment grabbed his attention from the car out back.  The one Colleen and the new girl were emerging from.  Darcy knew if witnesses weren’t at hand he would have struck her face, maybe open handed, maybe in the form of a fist.
“You weren’t trickin’ b’fore.”
“How would you know?” She barked back. “You didn’t own my ass then and you don’t own it now.  For your information sweetheart I hooked for the first time a few nights before we met.  I liked you… or I might have made a few bucks for sleepin’ in your fuckin’ bed.”

***

“Still getting’ bugged by the asshole,” Colleen commented as the three girls entered through the club’s back door.
“Guy’s a little thick upstairs I guess,” Darcy replied.
Melanie listened.  Her relationships with the opposite sex were no better.  All that men could take credit for in her life were a few emotional scars and a hardening of a once gentle, though slightly self-centered, spirit.  Those who should have mattered most in her life didn’t care.  Those who claimed the right to care didn’t matter.  
Everyone else was out there, like an audience, waiting for her to stumble and fall as she always did.  Poor Melinda, poor stupid Melinda, making the wrong decisions with the same men.  They were in the crowd, with fresh beers from the tap, watching her lower herself to standards even they hadn’t contemplated.  She was here, twenty years old and willing to remove her clothes to arouse the male anatomy.
“Shoulda got a restraining order against him,” Colleen advised. “Guys like that only understand shit like that.  In a warped sort a way he still thinks you need him.”
“I was with a guy like him… once,” Melanie added, not certain if she were welcome in the conversation.
“Ain’t no one ever been with an asshole like Mark Towne,” Darcy responded.
Colleen knew the men who plagued Melanie’s life, but she offered silence instead of defense.  Melanie realized the words shared between her roommate and Darcy were not open to any comments from her.  Melanie was an outsider, a newbie, as some of the more experienced girls referred to her.
“Once you’ve immersed your soul into this life you meet tons of dicks like Mark,” Darcy offered. “It’s all you attract.  The other guys… decent ones… they don’t want nothin’ t’ do with us.  Do they Col?”
Colleen nodded her head in agreement with Darcy.
“The decent ones,” the rant of the experienced stripper continued, “oh they come… and watch.  They roll up bills and slip them in your g-string.  They watch and leave.  If a guy hangs around it’s only because no other cunt will have him or he wants t’ have one final fling before making a commitment.”
Darcy’s tirade drew the attention of two other dancers as they entered the back room.  A redhead named Phoenix, with tattooed back and upper arms, listened to the saga of life meant for Melanie’s benefit.  Phoenix came across as hard and unfriendly.  The aura Phoenix wore scared Melanie.  During her first night at the club, while her stomach turned with anxiety, Phoenix described the new dancer in harsh words to her face. “You ain’t got it in you cutesy,” Phoenix said without emotion, her green eyes boring a hole in Melanie’s exposed flesh. “Why don’t you run back into the arms of the boy who beats your sweet ass and accept everything he dishes out.”
The tattooed stripper’s coarse words formed Melanie’s impression.  Colleen described Phoenix as a mean spirited dominatrix.  Melanie chose to stay out of the redhead’s path.

***

Mark Towne believed he concealed his anger well, Darcy felt otherwise.  He saved it for torrential outbursts.  He liked hitting things and Darcy’s face made itself handy twice before.  He felt compelled to talk to Darcy, knowing any sight of her bore like acid into the roots of his soul.  Her presence was the caldron where anger brewed, deep down.  Like a volcano it built strength as an eruption neared.  Mark Towne wanted to explode.
He sat at his kitchen table, in the roach infested apartment, and twisted the cap off a bottle of beer.  The thought occurred to him to follow her home, to the trailer she moved into after walking out on him, then he would let his fury erupt in her living room, or her bedroom.
“Can’t rape the willing,” he commented to himself and took a long swig from his beer.
Why had he only fantasized about that course of action?  He surmised that Darcy seldom went home alone.  A big bruiser from Horned Toads, Mark couldn’t recall his name, slept with her when she wasn’t making extra cash with paying customers.  Mark wouldn’t admit his fear to any observers, but he knew her present boyfriend could smash every bone his body without breaking a sweat.  It had been bold and foolish of him, to approach Darcy at the club.  Muscle man was inside, but Mark’s alcohol enhanced blood filled him with a sense of idiotic bravery.
He rose from the table, finishing the bottle of beer, and went to the refrigerator to retrieve a second round.  He twisted the cap free and tossed it on the counter.  The drawer where silverware resided beckoned his fingers.  He slid it open without trying to resist the hypnotic trance.  He lifted a package, wrapped in a brown paper bag from the back.  A bottle of hard booze would have been safer in his trembling hands.  He drew the revolver out, muzzle first.
Three days ago he made the purchase.  The stolen weapon made its way from the possession of a business acquaintance to his shabby apartment.  The cash laid out for the acquisition set him back a little.  If the threat scared Darcy, made her lose control of her bodily functions, the price would be worth it.
He wouldn’t dream of putting lead into her, but the weapon filled him with bravery.  He could have used the pistol’s courage at Toad’s earlier.  Carrying a weapon meant a greater commitment to his internal rage.
“Some have muscles… some have guns,” he said to himself.
He placed the revolver carefully back in the bag and set it in the back of the drawer again.  He lacked courage, to both use the gun and to carry it.  The sliding hideaway squeaked as it closed.  He finished his open beer in two swallows and considered having another.  
Chapter 9




“About yesterday,” James began.
Margaret’s expression froze with the expectation of rejection.  Her memory of yesterday, after work, was filled with blank spaces.  They talked.  They drank and talked some more.  The chemicals between them positioned their desires at the edge of beastly arousal, but they hadn’t stepped into that realm of intimacy.  She passed out on the sofa before she could offer the warmth of her flesh, before he could refuse her advance, and he made her comfortable before leaving.  Some guys took advantage of drunk girls, others detested them.
“What about yesterday?” She asked cautiously as James seemed stuck on pause. 
“I enjoyed talking to you,” he said.
‘Here it comes,’ she thought, looking away from him so disappointment couldn’t be read on her face.
They were in the office alone.  Most of their co-workers had gone out to lunch or for a walk in the salt tinged ocean air.  At least he wouldn’t humiliate her in front of others.
“I kinda wish we… talked like that… more often…”
His voice drifted softly through her veiled mind.  She waited for the single comment to fill the space between them. ‘I see you as friend’.  She couldn’t believe that for a brief moment she anticipated something deeper with James Hart, something able to entice her into discarding her bra in the lady’s room at Sneakers and giving him an appetizer.
“I wish,” he continued to drone on while she wished to force the rejection into final mode.
“I shouldn’t have drank that much,” she inserted. “I never had much tolerance.”
“No,” he said, shaking his head.  Confusion filled hers. “I saw you… in a different light.  I wish we had talked to each other before… like that… without…”
“Being drunk.”
“We weren’t drunk,” he offered.
She raised her eyes to his.  Yesterday afternoon the shy geeky girl left her persona for a short spell.  Today it returned and she needed to force the demon into submission.
“Wellll… maybe a little,” he corrected his previous assessment. “Look,” James continued, “what I wanted to say was I enjoyed my time with you… not just the talking part… but… the being with you part.  I wish you hadn’t… passed out.”
“Why?” Her question hung out in the stagnant room, seeking an answer she wished not to receive.
His hesitation seemed endless, as if he considered various answers before grasping at one. “I didn’t want to leave.”

***

Last night, while driving home from Margaret’s, James thought of his co-worker in a much different way than ever before.  Previously, he never considered her attractiveness.  Margaret was one of the overly intelligent types who scare off most men with their minds.  He never thought of her as sexual.  But on his drive home he envisioned her dark eyes behind her prescription lenses and her thick eyebrows in a manner foreign to their relationship.
Now, he studied the girl who constantly tucked the stray piece of untrained hair behind her ear.  He estimated Margaret to be about five and a half feet tall.  She could’ve worn a few extra pounds on her frame.  Margaret was seldom the type to eat anything unhealthy, even when she burrowed into her tasks at work for excessively long hours.  She wore black slacks with brown, poorly matched, shoes.  Her pale blue blouse was buttoned conservatively, keeping any attributes she might expose private.  Yesterday he broke through the shyness.  He wished to cross into that dimension again without the aid of two or three bottles of beer. 
“I was wondering,” he said, breaking a riveting silence.
“About what?” She spoke cautiously.
“If you’d like to get together again… dinner… a movie.  I know it’s not the wisest thing… getting involved with a co-worker… so I’ll understand if you’re against anything, which could be contrived as a date.”
Margaret removed her glasses and rubbed her eyes.  Fatigue and a slight headache etched yesterday’s overindulgence on her face.  James seldom saw her face without the frames surrounding her eyes.  He reached out and gently touched the hand holding the glasses.
“It’s not often that I’ve seen you without your glasses on.” He knew his countenance blurred in her sight as her eyes tried focusing on his.
“I wouldn’t be against a date,” she said quietly.
James knew this walk would be delicate.  Getting involved romantically with friends and co-workers was difficult and ill advised based on his code of ethics.  Sheila had not been a friend and he never considered her a co-worker.  He saw vulnerability in the eyes across from his.  Some would take advantage; others would set the date up as one between friends.  He pictured the two of them walking barefoot, hand-in-hand, along Ocean Beach.  If he took this step, it better not be to rebound from Sheila.
“Part of me wants to suggest Saturday night,” he finally said. “I think that’s the part of my brain which tries to do things sensibly.”
“And what does the other part of your brain want?”
“Tonight… after we’re done here.  Maybe we could slip out early.  There’s a real nice Steak House in New London… down on Pequot.  I understand if you don’t think it’s a good idea… it’s a little…”
“Spontaneous,” she cut in.
“Yeah… I guess.  I mean you probably want to change and all.”
“You don’t like what I’m wearing?” 
“That’s not what I meant.” He planned to backtrack on his statement until he saw the glimmer in her eyes, giving away comic relief.
“Since you have a little father to go… you could slip early and do whatever you have t’ do.  I’ll leave by four… and you can pick me up at five.”
Her eagerness to jump into the unplanned arrangement surprised him, but didn’t disappoint in the least. 

***

She was waiting for him when he arrived at her place five minutes before five.  They agreed to dress casual.  James wore jeans and a sports shirt.  Margaret wore jeans and a plain white blouse over a light pink camisole.  She didn’t button her top as securely around her neck as usual, allowing the delicately laced edge of her undergarment show.
He played the gentleman, opening the passenger door to allow her access.  She laughed at his effort, then apologized for being insensitive.
They ate dinner without an abundance of conversation.  Margaret enjoyed Scallops; James devoured a serving of baked Sole.  They passed on desert and made plans to keep the night going since it was barely seven-thirty.
“We could take in a movie… take a stroll along the beach… or we could just walk like this.” He took hold of her hand and without hesitation she allowed hers to melt into the palm of his.
“We could do all three,” she responded.
“We could go down to the beach for a while,” he agreed. “But we’d probably have to rent a movie… unless our beach-walk was finished by nine or so.”
“I don’t think that’ll be the case.”
“No I agree,” he said. “Most video rentals are opened until ten or eleven.”
“I don’t have a VCR,” she commented.
“I do.”
She responded with a soft smile and a firmer grip on his hand.

***

They took to the sandy beach without shoes.  James considered suggesting a stop at the bar along the beach, but surrendered to the rhythmic waves instead.  Any nervousness between them seemed to have stayed back at the restaurant with the tip and the soiled plates.  Margaret unbuttoned her blouse and freed the garment’s hem from her jeans.  Every aspect of the shy girl he worked beside shed itself with the pink camisole’s exposure.
“I haven’t been down here in a long time,” Margaret said as they stopped to watch the lights of a ferry out on the sound. “I guess… not much reason to,” she concluded and inhaled a deep breath of salty air.
“It’s very peaceful,” James added, “I come here occasionally.”
“With Sheila?” She asked and instantly wished she hadn’t.
“Beach walking was not something Sheila was fond of.  She didn’t like getting sand between her toes.  I preferred coming here alone with my thoughts, the questions we ponder which don’t seem to have answers.”
“I’m sorry I asked about her.”
“No harm,” he assured her, then added, “It’s just another one of those… differences in personality.  Most of what I treasure, she did not… and most of what she treasured…”
“Was shallow.” Margaret knew as soon as the words left her mouth she shouldn’t have interrupted.  When James didn’t continue she chose to change the subject.
“Did you ever take one of those ferries?” She asked.
“No… you?”
“Once, I went out to Block Island with a few girl friends from college.  We rented bikes and spent the day pedalin’ around.  You and I should do that sometime.”
“That would be nice.”
His hand felt for hers again.  Their fingers intertwined.  Relief spread over her flesh like a soft veil of reprieve.  Sheila Gilman’s entry into their conversation hadn’t spoiled the night.
“I promise you that I’m not looking to rebound from Sheila,” he offered. “My only regret is the time wasted with her.”
“Time is never really wasted,” she added without much conviction.
He turned to face her.  A wave rolled over her naked feet.  Both her hands were in his before she was aware.  She felt as if some spiritual vow planned to escape his lips.
“What I think I wasted… was a year of not seeing you as I see you now.”
Margaret’s tongue caught in her mouth.  Suddenly she became so aware of the girl inside her who wished to hide in books rather than relationships.  She wished she hadn’t opened her blouse, and she especially wished she wore a bra beneath her camisole.
Chapter 10




Shannon Stern returned to the apartment complex off Boswell Avenue a little before nine.  She found it difficult to refuse overtime, especially since the divorce.  Timothy, four years of exuberance and energy, curled up in the back seat.  Nine o’clock was a bit late for the boy and Shannon would suffer through the cost in the morning.  Timothy’s ability to rise from bed at quarter to six each morning left a lot to be desired.  Before six-thirty they would need to be out of the house and on their way to Shannon’s parent’s place in Waterford.  Timothy spent the day with Grandma and Grandpa and each night Shannon received a double dose of parental concern.  Moving back home, into the house of her childhood years, seemed more attractive each day and at six o’clock tomorrow morning it would feel like the only hope she had.
She pulled her blue Pontiac into the space assigned for her apartment.  Hers was an end unit with two bedrooms upstairs and a kitchen and living room downstairs.  Timothy sat up when the vehicle’s engine turned off.  He didn’t ask if they were home and Shannon wondered what the boy considered their present dwelling.
Slowly he climbed out of the car.  Timothy refused to sit in the booster seat his grandparents bought for him.  Shannon didn’t like arguing with the child and considered the backseat a safe haven for a sleeping child.  Her ex-husband would argue with her over issues of that nature.  She won her share.
She led him to the apartment’s front door.  He refused to be carried.  As if the habit was inbred, Timothy climbed the stairs to the bathroom, completed any necessary tasks, then lumbered to his bedroom.  Shannon kissed him goodnight and without any spoken dialog turned out the light.  As usual, the darkness brought out the deepest questions in Timothy Stern’s heart.
“Mom,” he said with a tired whisper, as the door began to close.
Her response was non-verbal.  The light from the hall shone across his twin sized bed.  The door remained open, refusing to seal him in darkness.
“Gram and Gramps like daddy… don’t they?”
“I suppose they do,” she answered under the weight of a broken relationship, which failed to release her.
“Do you like him?”
In the past two weeks Timothy references to his father were prefixed with the word like, and no longer love.
“Timothy,” her weary voice said, “it doesn’t matter what I feel.  He is still your father… and I know he still loves you.”
“But… why did we leave?  I liked our house.”
“What’s important… is that you and I are here… together.  Soon we’ll have a much nicer place to live… and I’ll always love you.”
“Promise.”
She barely heard his voice respond and figured his personal version of dreamland gradually took hold of him.  Shannon wondered if her son felt a degree of happiness in his dreams.  Was he part of a solid family?  One where his four-year-old mind didn’t need to question the existence of love. 

***

Sometimes, if she could find the time to focus on situations other than her own, Shannon believed she might make it.  Survive in a life she wasn’t ready for, where the one man she ever trusted found her love undesirable.  Matthew Stern hadn’t left her for another woman.  That would have been almost easier to accept.  She could have found contempt for him, and even hate, if an affair had ruined their life.  But after six years of marriage, Matthew told her he felt empty.
She sat on the brown sofa with a cup of hot tea cradled between her palms.  The television flashed pictures before her sight.  The images failed to register.  Timothy kept her rooted in the important substance of life.  If it wasn’t for the small boy, upstairs asleep, the cup in her hand might contain Brandy, rather than decaffeinated tea.
She gave her tired body to the embrace of a couch given to her by her parents.  The sofa wore years of use on the surface of its fabric, but much needed comfort still filled its cushions.  She left a trace of the hot beverage in the bottom of the mug, cradling it between two trembling palms in her lap.  Breakdowns came less frequently.  Still, at least twice a week, the future seemed bleaker than necessary and her tears wouldn’t stay concealed.
The bedroom wouldn’t become her haven tonight.  The old couch, which had set in her family’s living room during most of her childhood, would become her place of rest.  Deciding on caution, she set the chipped mug on the floor before resting her head on the sofa’s ancient arm.  She stretched her weary legs to the opposite end and left a sixty-watt bulb burning in the room’s single lamp.  She closed her eyes, wishing she were a child again, watching a favorite television show on a school night, enjoying the comfort of home on the same couch, which now supported her emptiness.  
She vaguely heard the siren on route 12.  Police, riding off to some battle between lovers who’ve decided to hate.  Matthew never struck her.  He never so much as raised a hand to threaten her safety.  Matthew Stern simply tired of being a husband, a lover and a father.  He wanted something more.  He wanted to live a fantasy where responsibility belonged to everyone but him.  He saw solace in loneliness and maybe in some unorthodox way he deserved both.
Chapter 11
	



James rented an apartment on the east side of Norwich, about twenty miles from Groton, and his place of employment.  The building contained four moderately sized units; his was one of the two on the upper level.  They hadn’t stopped to rent a video.  The earlier thought of watching a movie had not even been mentioned a second time.  Margaret didn’t question going to his place when he made the suggestion.  She simply allowed him to lead wherever he planned to take her.
Her blouse ended up draped over a recliner in his living room.  Her shoes were left, discarded, by the door.  Sand tickled the crevices between her toes.  She stretched upward to kiss him while they stumbled awkwardly into the center of the room.  She felt an urgency for him rush through her body.  If he chose to make love to her on the living room floor, she wouldn’t protest.
She clumsily pulled his shirt from his jeans as she lowered herself, flat foot before him.  A dozen sexy images passed through her mind, most were concocted from various scenes in romantic comedies popular during her college years.  None of the scripts shifted into the shape of this moment perfectly and as he guided her backwards into another room she began to have doubts.
The unfastening of a snap, a zipper being drawn downward, she felt her jeans slipping over the curve of her backside.  She sat down on a bed she trusted was there, delaying the prospect of being stripped from the waist down.  He hovered above her as her denims slipped over her sandy feet to the floor.  She began to lie back, to bring her feet up on the bed, to offer him access.
“I don’t know if I’m ready.” Her tongue felt parched as the words scratched across its surface.
The moment froze without any promise of moving forward.  His lips didn’t move toward hers in an attempt to bring the instant of urgency back.  His eyes didn’t blink.  Anger, disappointment, neither emotion flowed from him.  Margaret took note of the pale blue walls and the pattern of dark hair on James Hart’s chest.  The toned muscles in his arms begged to embrace her, as much as her legs wanted to wrap around him as they consummated love.
She continued to fall backward onto the quilt covering his bed, in camisole and panties.  She raised her feet to the edge of the bed, opening her thighs.  If he wanted her, she would submit.  She just wanted him to know she wasn’t ready to come together as one body, yet.
	
***

“Now… I really wish I’d been with you for the past year… rather than…”
“Shhhh,” a finger to his lips made a gentle effort to silence him.  She rubbed a naked leg against the jeans still covering his. “I’m glad you understand,” she whispered, seeking truth in the deep recesses of his eyes.
James reached above his head to turn the light off.  A street beacon from the landscape out front still bathed the room softly.  
She lowered a cheek to his chest and his fingers wandered through layers of dark hair, massaging away the harshness of life.
“I should have said something earlier,” she said, kissing his chest to keep their spirits linked. “Would have if…”
“If we hadn’t come to this moment with such urgency,” he interrupted.
She seemed to ponder his description before raising her head to face his shadowed features. “Yes,” she agreed softly.
He could be satisfied with the warmth of her body against his.  Her reservations about intimacy freed themselves from her heart.  He listened, allowing himself to draw closer to her than intercourse could ever offer.  He felt angered by a world he couldn’t control.
“You know,” she whispered, “in the trial… it’s as if they rape you again.  It’s as if each one of them takes you one more time.  They make you live every moment through… again… and again.” In the darkness she turned her face toward his. “I didn’t ask for it… but that’s how they try to make you feel.”
There wasn’t anything James could say to heal the moment of past pain.  He hoped his silence; the rhythm of his hand stroking her back was enough.
“You should have just taken me,” she continued, turning her eyes back to the street light washed shadows of the room. “Maybe that’s how I get past my fears.  Promise me… next time… if there is a next time… when the urgency has hold of us… promise me you won’t stop.”
He couldn’t make a pledge to her, not the one she verbally asked for. “Someday,” he offered, “maybe when it’s not such an urgent need… the time will be right… for us.”
Margaret remained silent for a long moment.  James thought she might have dozed off beside him, in his embrace.
“Tonight would have been nothing but sex,” her voice said with a chilling lack of emotion.
Maybe that’s all the night would have offered in return, an urgent lust being satisfied without intimacy, without anything resembling love.  He needed to respond to her empty statement with the tenderness he felt for her. “But…” his hesitation sought care in his words, “tonight turned out to offer so much more.”

***

The alarm clock failed to wake them.  The sun, illuminating the room with a brilliant new day did.  Margaret sought familiarity in the foreign surroundings.  Her pillow was in the crook of a friend’s arm; only he no longer wore the platonic badge of friendship.  She moved against him, knowing they weren’t yet lovers, and wishing they might soon be.  The fact that Wednesday morning brought new light to past darkness didn’t register.  It could’ve been the weekend, a morning to lie in the arms of comfort.
She hadn’t dreamed, thankfully.  When she closed her eyes she feared she might see the barrier between the panic of intimacy and her need to be loved, a face that tormented her nightmares.  A man who someday would rise up and seek her again.  But he hadn’t come in the night to open the wounds on her soul.
James opened his eyes.  She greeted him with a smile in the second before revelation struck.  They were both late for work.  Margaret jumped up from the bed, wide-eyed.
“We’re gonna be late… I don’t even have clothes for work.” She covered her mouth in exasperation.  Margaret Richards never arrived at work late.  She never took sick days and she used very little of her allotted vacation time.
“We could call in… sick,” James suggested. “I’ll fry up some eggs and bacon… and we could spend the day right here.”
“We can’t do that… how would that look… both of us calling in sick on the same day?  We’ll be the talk of the office.”
“Let ‘em,” he responded, still not moving his head from his pillow. “Any gossip or rumors would be based on truth.”
Margaret got off the bed and picked her discarded jeans off the floor.  She once again tucked the stray strand of hair behind her ear.  This time the habit irritated her.
“Are you just going t’ lay there?” She asked.
“I’m holding out hope that you’ll change your mind.”
James rose from the bed and pulled her by one arm toward him.  His embrace stole her desire to be a conscientious employee of Electric Boat.  There was no reward for showing up on Eastern Point Road everyday.  The amount of money in her check equaled that of co-workers who played sick whenever the moment presented itself.
“We’ll take our time,” he whispered to sooth her. “There’s no sense in rushing.  If you go to the office dressed as you are…” He paused to take into account her lack of clothing. “Well not as you are dressed at the moment… but as you were dressed last night, we’ll have plenty of time.”
“Jeans?” She questioned his logic.
“I think you look quite… sexy.”
No one ever called her sexy, including the image staring back at her from any mirror.  Margaret Richards never wore jeans, or blouses unbuttoned beyond the very top, to work.  The side of her personality, which kept James at arms length for too long, woke up in dominant form this morning.  She needed to push it into submission and allow the part of her that enjoyed his embrace to thrive.

***

Once deciding they would stop along the way for coffee they progressed into the morning with ease.  They quickly showered, separately.  James knew a few eyebrows would rise when Margaret entered the office fashionably late and dressed in garments no one imagined could be a part of her wardrobe.  
She buttoned her blouse to her neck.  As he closed the apartment door he made a point of ensuring she didn’t choke herself.  He freed the top most button of her shirt.  Margaret didn’t protest.  The kiss that followed was worth another minute late.
“I’m glad you agreed to use my toothbrush,” he said once their tongues broke union.
She blushed.  He didn’t have a spare and he wanted to offer more than a toothbrush with a dab of Colgate.
They didn’t waste any more time going to his car.  A quick stop at Dunkin Donuts for two large coffees to go and route 32 south pointed them in the right direction.  James would follow the state route past Connecticut College and the Coast Guard Academy, then jump on Interstate 95 to cross the Gold Star Bridge.  Margaret checked her watch as they passed through Uncasville.  The concept of being late no longer wrestled with her mind.  The desire to go beyond a single night in her life filled every thought.
“I had a nice time last night,” she offered.
“Me too.”
“Even if…” She didn’t continue her question, and James answered the unfinished query with a smile.
Route 32 divided into two lanes.  They timed the stoplights perfectly.  The overhead footbridge the students of Connecticut College used to cross the four lanes of route 32 breezed by, casting a crisscrossed shadow in its wake.  The Coast Guard Academy filled the landscape to their right as they approached the next light.  James took the ramp leading up toward the bridge.
Her attention focused on vehicle in front of them, Margaret quietly said, “Tonight… I want to try again… tonight.”
Chapter 12




Timothy moved slowly through the morning ritual of removing his pajamas.  Lying on his bed were the pants and tee shirt his mother wished him to change in to.  Shannon allowed his delays for just so long before raising her voice to scolding tones.  He hadn’t mastered shoe tying yet and his fingers fumbled with the single button at the waist of his pants.  His fifth birthday would fall on December sixth.  Shannon opted to keep him out of kindergarten for the extra year. 
“Young man you’re going to make me late.” Her voice hadn’t quite reached the fever pitch of doom. “Are you ready for me to tie your shoes yet?”
“A’most,” the small voice answered from upstairs.
Shannon stood by the door, tapping a high-heeled foot.  A lightweight blue jacket draped over one arm, the Red Sox emblem hidden in the fold.  Her car keys jingled between the fingers of her opposite hand.  She heard movement from the bed, across the floor and out into the hallway.  Shannon held back the urge to nudge him along vocally.  Patience was a fragile commodity.  
“Timothy Albert!” The use of his middle name meant business.  The four-year-old appeared at the top of the stairs.
“I com-nin,” he said, making his way from one level of the apartment to the other.
“I want to get to work a little early this morning, bud.  Can’t waste too much time playin’ games.”
“I not play game,” Timothy protested.
“Here, put this on.” She held out the small jacket to her son.
“Red Sox… yuuuuck!  Daddy like the Yankees.”
The sigh in Shannon’s throat never escaped her lips.  A father should be a hero to a four-year-old son, even if he lacked good standing with his spouse. 
“Today it has to be the Red Sox… Grandpa likes them, so that can’t make them too bad… now.  Can it?”
Timothy took the jacket from his mother and held the garment as if it were tainted with a rare disease.  She opened the door and motioned him through, into the cool nip of a new day.
“Gotta move… bud,” she insisted, “I’m running out of time to waste.”

***

Her four-year-old preschooler became a fair weather Red Sox fan by the time they arrived at his grandparent’s home.  She couldn’t socialize with her parents at the moment, but accepted the offer to stay for dinner when she picked up Timothy.  She followed a few back roads that led from her childhood home to the interstate.  Habit chose the proper entrance ramp for the highway, almost as if her car rode on autopilot.  She accelerated into the flow of traffic heading first toward New London, and the over the bridge to Groton.
The vehicle in front of her changed lanes abruptly.  The white van rocked on poor shocks as it weaved.  Shannon kept her eye on the driver’s path, if only to stay clear.
She busied her mind with work, ignoring the brilliant blue of the cloudless sky.  Charlie Binghamton had been making subtle moves on her since word got out of her divorce.  He seemed to be a decent sort of guy, attractive in a way, but she was far from ready for another man.  Two days ago Charlie offered to buy her lunch.  She gave in.  Now she wondered what he expected in return.
“A simple lunch,” she said out loud to no one besides herself and a deaf radio.  She knew she was out of touch with dating rituals.  She didn’t think she cared to get in tune again. “God!” She announced to the unhearing world. “It’s not like you slept with him.” 
Matthew would tell her she was nuts, if she shared the fact of a lunch date with him.  They still talked; usually the conversation would drift to Timothy.  The subject of their son felt safest.  She asked him, a few weeks ago, if anyone had come into his life now that they were officially apart.  He admitted to a couple dates.  She experienced a twinge of jealousy.  One of his dates had been with a twenty-year-old.  She felt the age gap of fourteen years between her ex-husband and his young date was outrageous.  All the relationship did was prop up his failing self-esteem.  In retrospect she envied him for being able to search for someone who might fill his emptiness. 
She wanted to ask if he slept with her, or if he had plans to.  Sometimes it’s wise to think over questions spawned by curiosity.  She didn’t ask, but knew she’d continue to wonder.
The New London Malls blurred by on her left.  The Gold Star laid in wait and the white van swerved between a red sports car and an eighteen-wheeler.  Probably in a hurry for work, she surmised.  Most vehicles crossing the bridge transported employees of Electric Boat or Pfizer Corporation.  Seven-thirty shifts would be starting up in less than five minutes.  Shannon worked on a salary basis and her starting time wasn’t until eight o’clock.  Today, a project meeting would start off the day, such a meaningless way to ruin a morning.  Charlie Binghamton was the chairperson of their unimportant gathering.  Shannon needed to speak with Colleen Wells, Charlie’s previous good-time girl, about lunch dates and expectations linked to time spent on a picnic table by Long Island Sound with take-out Fish and Chips.

***

Shannon cut her wheel sharply to avoid a collision.  The white van pulled from the lane she occupied, then changed its mind due to traffic constraints and the stupidity of the driver.  It returned to home base, narrowly missing the vehicle in front of her.  Avoiding a red Toyota, as its driver tried to avoid contact with the van’s rear end, she steered to the left.  Her decision to do so came without analytical thought; a hand jerking the wheel away from catastrophe enlightened itself on her as pure instinct.  The driver of the pickup truck on her driver’s side quarter panel hadn’t reacted as quickly.  
The jolt of colliding forces threw her first into the driver’s side door, and then toward the passenger’s seat.  She clung to the wheel without hope of steering away from chaos.  The rear of her car caught the Toyota.  The elderly woman driving the foreign compact turned into the path of a tractor-trailer.  The loud bellow of the eighteen-wheeler filled every void sound could penetrate, before crunching metal took precedent.  Brakes squealed.  Shannon knew her Pontiac was caught in rotation.  The tractor-trailer, the pickup and the white van took turns watching her life pass.  Her head slammed on the steering wheel.  Wearing a seat belt might have helped prevent the bruise on her head.  She didn’t think it mattered much.
Timothy sprang through her mind, the hurried moment when leaving their apartment.  You never know when your last breath might be taken, a slogan her mother instructed her to live by.  She’d been angered by his stall tactics.  If she’d taken the time she would have understood.  The divorce between she and Matthew satisfied their selfishness.  It possessed no benefit for Timothy.
Another jolt from the rear of her car and she wished she took her mother up on chatting for a few minutes before leaving her parent’s house.  She always put off conversations about their parental concern.
An explosion.  
Warmth becoming too hot.
And blood.
There was no longer time to do those things that mattered most. 
Chapter 13




As far as James was concerned he would try every night.  He and Margaret achieved a level of intimacy without making love that he and Sheila only believed they possessed.  She promised to talk with him about the rape, as a way of getting past it.  He wasn’t sure he wanted any details.
He took brief notice of a woman driving a small blue Pontiac as he merged into traffic.  A white van slid from one lane to another as James settled in the right most lane.  The sign overhead read Bridge Street.  A monotonous routine of daily proportions guided the wheels of his car.  The blue Pontiac passed him on the left.  The woman signaled to slide to the right and commandeer the empty space ahead.
“The guy in the van drives like a jerk,” Margaret commented.  She had been watching life through the passenger side window as it blurred through her sight. “I mean it… not about the jerk in the van… but about tonight.”
“My place or yours?”
“Mine… it’s closer to work.  We can just go there directly and…”
“Sounds like we don’t need to pass go,” James interrupted.
“You shouldn’t have stopped… last night.”
He caught a breath to respond at the same moment the world before him turned sideways.  A vehicle spun out of control, narrowly missing a collision between the blue Pontiac and a full sized pickup.  A tractor-trailer rolled through his peripheral vision like a tank.  He went to apply his brakes, but the effort came too late to avoid Red Toyota directly in his lane.  He gripped the steering wheel with one hand and attempted to shield Margaret from a head-on collision with the dashboard.  The seatbelt law in the state of Connecticut was still ignored by those who silently protested it.  Both belts in the front seat of his Chevrolet were unused.  
Impact with the steering wheel bruised his ribs on contact.  He stayed clear of shattering glass from the windshield.  Margaret fell limply toward him as his vehicle came to rest against the compressed trunk of the Toyota.  Margaret, unconscious, bled from the right side of her forehead.

***

Hell came to earth.  James pulled Margaret from his car.  She breathed too shallow for his non-medical mind.  He tried making her comfortable by rolling his windbreaker in a pillow for her head.  Anguished time passed in slow motion, then jumped sporadically minutes at a time.  Lights of two emergency vehicles made their way up the right lane.  He noticed them through watery eyes before closing his eyes to pray.  If both he and Margaret had called in to work sick and stayed in bed, heaven would still be theirs. 
“Let me take a look at her.” 
“Looks like it might be a head injury.”
“Let’s get her off the road.”
Two voices spoke through their own private conversation.  One, a man in a paramedic’s uniform knelt by Margaret.”
“Bring a stretcher, Hal.”
“There’s two people in the red car.” It must have been Hal’s voice responding.  James paid little attention.
Another explosion caused by fire reaching its fingers toward a gas tank.  Screams and cries for help surrounded James.  He stood, from his position at Margaret’s head and turned in a complete circle, unable to answer the call of death.
“You alright?” The voice belonging to the hand on his shoulder asked.
James turned, unable to see features in the billowing smoke.  Margaret laid on a stretcher still as death. “Please… just get her to the hospital.”

***

If the reign of evil presently held power, the landscape before James would be frozen for all time.  Dark clouds reached into the air from two vehicles, which had ignited.  A fire truck sprayed foam where gasoline leaked across the highway.  Flames, orange, red and yellow sought to consume anything considered righteous.  He moved like a zombie, away from the paramedics, away from Margaret.  There were too many bodies for too few emergency workers.
By one car lay a teenager, maybe eighteen, maybe not quite that old.  His head bled from two open gashes.  James turned to call to the paramedics who were tending to Margaret.  He declined the thought.  They had enough to tend to with Margaret and the old couple in the red Toyota.  He touched the boy-not-yet-grown-to-manhood to see if there was a pulse.  An electrical shock buzzed through his fingers instead.  James sat back on his haunches, surprised.  The teen moved, opened his eyes and looked at the hell surrounding his existence.
“We’ll be right there to help,” someone called.
James noticed a man and a woman unloading equipment from an ambulance.  The boy sat up and rubbed away blood from his head.  The open gashes were barely visible as cuts, then scrapes, and then only faded blemishes on his skin.
“My sister,” the teenager said.  His voice cracked as if he’d waken from a sound slumber to answer the disturbing ring of a telephone. “She was driving.  My niece was in the back seat.”
James didn’t require prompting from the teenager.  A beckoning voice without sound drew him around the smoldering front of the vehicle.  The formless entity, which called him away from Margaret, directed him to the driver of the car.  The girl in the driver’s seat wasn’t much older than the male passenger who’d been thrown from the opposite side of the vehicle.  Her blonde hair seemed matted with a grotesque amount of blood.  In the rear, a small child, two or three laid broken on the floor.  Samantha, his precious niece, always rode in her parent’s vehicles secured in a car seat.  He thanked God that his brother and sister-in-law were careful guardians of Almighty’s gifts.
The crunched fender on the driver’s side of the vehicle impeded the door from opening with the first effort.  On his third pull James mustered the strength.  He wiped a stream of blood from the girl’s face.  An eye fluttered and briefly opened, taking her rescuer’s form into account.  He assisted the semi-conscious driver, no more than eighteen, or nineteen, from the car. “Tasha,” she moaned, and James assumed the name belonged to the child on the back floor with matching blonde hair.  As he set the driver down, between her car and an empty one alongside, James heard the rear door of the vehicle squeak against the will to open.
“Don’t touch her,” James yelled to the now uninjured young man who had been a passenger.  The teenager looked defiant.  For moment James thought moving the broken body on the back floor would only cause more damage. “There might be a spinal injury,” he cautioned, then added, “I’ll move her.”
No argument came forth from the young man’s lips.  He moved to his sister, changing places with James.  The teenaged girl, whose head had made a crushing impact with the steering wheel, sat up.  James noticed the faded reminders of healing abrasions on her face.
The rear door opened easier than the front, as if the vehicle wanted to release the occupant of the backseat, rather than hinder liberation.  The small child on the back floor seemed twisted in ways abnormal for a human body.  James reached in and touched a tiny sneakered foot.  He glanced behind him and saw the blonde driver and her brother watching him with hopeful expressions drawn on their faces.  The child was going to be okay, but how did James Hart know.  He knelt, with one leg, on the seat and lifted the small blonde copy of the young mother into his arms.  The child squirmed and instinctively wrapped her arms around his neck.  He carried her to the wide-eyed stare of her mother, who now sat, healed, on the black pavement.
“We need to move to safety,” James said, as the young woman stood to receive her daughter from his embrace.  Without question they followed him.  The soundless voice led him away again, despite his burning desire to seek Margaret.

***

Shannon saw them, through the corner of her eye.  A burning haze begged her to close out the intruding light.  They moved like ghosts in a fog, one male leading them, another following and a young woman with a small child in her arms.  She blinked the tears, or blood from her eyes.  The specters vanished and returned.  The one up front moved closer.  His features blurred.  The others became vague outlines in the smoke.  She was dying and heaven gradually lost its grip on her soul.
She felt a cool breeze wash her face.  The blurred male touched her and what little pain she still felt left her.  Sensation in her legs returned.  An indistinct memory clung to her thoughts.  She knew she had been paralyzed from the neck down.  Now she was whole.  The warmth of healing flesh and bone filled her.  She felt her body, once broken, lifted off the seat by arms stronger than they seemed.  Smoke cleared and the face of her redeemer imbedded its image in her memory.  She would not forget this angel who carried her body from the burning wreckage where death gripped her.
They moved away from her car.  The others followed in the surreal fog.  They moved at a steady pace, but without urgency.  There were still a few more minutes before the flame beneath her car would lick the gas tank.
Chapter 14




They pursued him, relentlessly; channel eight from Waterbury and the CBS station from Hartford.  James answered a few questions.  He gave little more than his name and age before accepting a ride to Laurence and Memorial hospital, where Margaret had been taken by ambulance.
“A reluctant hero,” the newscaster from one of the stations said into her microphone (it was the same newscast his brother and sister-in-law would watch in the evening), “James Hart.  His efforts… in all likelihood, have limited the death toll of this eleven car pileup to one.”  The camera panned away from the reporter as James climbed into the passenger’s seat of a pickup truck.  The black Chevy S-10 belonged to a volunteer firefighter who happened to work at Electric Boat and crossed the bridge every morning. “A number of those injured were taken to Laurence and Memorial hospital.  At this point we have no information on the severity of those injuries or on the identity of the single fatality.
“A majority of those involved in the crash have walked away, literally unscratched, and James Hart seems to be responsible… thanks to his quick and clear thinking.  Not only did he pull a passenger from his own vehicle, who paramedics on the scene labeled as unresponsive, he also helped four others who were trapped in their vehicles.  As you can see,” the camera took in the smoldering embers of the wreckage scene, capturing images of those most twisted and charred, “the bridge became an inferno within minutes of the initial crash.”
The bridge looked like a refugee camp, where survivors wandered aimlessly, in search of a morning commute lost in a nightmare.  The reporter moved toward the crowd wanting to speak with those who would give more than just their name, rank and serial number.  She had a human-interest story worthy of the effort.  Terry Binghamton, her maiden name, hated the fact that most news coming across the television screens of the world possessed negative connotations.  Even the heroic actions of James Hart came in the midst of death and injury.
A woman stood on the sidewalk talking with a teenaged boy and a young woman.  The younger female held a small child, of two or three, tightly in her arms.  Terry instinctively drew a sketch of a single teenaged mother, left pregnant by a jobless tramp, clinging tightly to her only purpose in this life.  The four of them had been congregating around James Hart when the news crews first arrived.  Terry watched the small gathering for a minute when first arriving on the scene.  She was not a religious person, but the scene seemed almost sacred, reminding her of a church play she once covered, a reenactment of the Easter story.  The apostles assembled around their savior, listening to every breath he breathed.
“Excuse me,” Terry interrupted the ongoing conversation, “I’m Terry Binghamton with Channel Eight news.” Never could she call herself Terry Kellerman, the name her husband wished to force down her throat.  She celebrated that fact every time she looked at the nameplate on her desk.  Their two-year marriage had been rocky, each of them taking on multiple affairs.  In the last few months divorce rapidly became their favorite word. “I’d like to know if any of you would be interested in sharing your experience this morning.”
The older of the two women turned toward the camera.  She seemed to be in her late twenties or early thirties.  She dressed professionally.  Her blouse was tarnished and torn.  One sleeve left an exposed, but uninjured, arm to the lens’s view.
“The man who was with you… James Hart, what can you tell us about him?”
“Nothing much,” the woman offered.
“He just kinda was there,” the boy interrupted with his thought and received a glare from the girl holding the child.
“Can I have your names?” The camera didn’t seem interested in the clustered four any longer.  Its lens drew focus on flames, wreckage and zombies.
“My name in Shannon Stern.  I pass this way every morning to get to work.”
“And that would be where?”
“The boat.”
“And were you traveling alone in your vehicle?”
“Yes…”
“And?”
“I was trapped… I don’t recall much else.”
“He got my niece… Tasha… from the back seat.  I thought Julie was dead,” the boy said, again drawing a hard look from the younger girl.
“Are you Julie?” Terry asked the younger of the two women.  She nodded and offered nothing more.  
Some folks just don’t like center stage, Terry added in a private newscast dancing around inside her mind.
“Our car caught fire,” the boy added.  This time both females looked at each other, as if their combined effort could shut up the kid’s vented excitement. “He helped us away from the car and then went to hers.” He pointed to the woman who identified herself as Shannon Stern, accusing her from some holy pulpit.
“It happened so fast,” Shannon responded.
“You all seem… remarkably uninjured.” The question haunted the reporter.  The blonde clinging to the small female child wore a top soaked with blood, yet she was uninjured.  The woman named Shannon had a faded bruise on her forehead, which could have been from an accident a week ago.  Terry paused to allow a response from any of the victims.  She expected the teenaged boy to open the door with his rambling thoughts.  When Terry made eye contact with him, he shook his head. “A miracle,” she finally added to their silence, in a Godless unbelieving manner, “I guess you are all the recipients of a proverbial miracle.”

***

James lied about his relationship to Margaret.  Instead of being an almost lover, he became a sibling.  No one questioned him, no one asked for proof.  He realized how little he knew about the girl he’d held in his arms all night.  They had worked side-by-side for days, months, years, and he didn’t know if she had a real brother, or sister.  Were her parents local, were they even alive?
Phrases thrown toward him, when he first arrived, by a nurse and a doctor on duty included, coma, unresponsiveness and serious head trauma.  He wished to touch her, but the desire belonged to him and not the voice in his head.  Why didn’t his touch heal her injuries as it had with the others?  
He studied the palms of his outstretched hands as if clues were hidden beneath his flesh.  If he closed his eyes the blood soaked head of the young blonde haired mother filled his mind.  The side of her skull had been crushed.  Parting the fibers of matted hair would have revealed tissue and bone, yet she walked, and Margaret slept.  The young girl, her brother and the small child in the back seat had a second chance.  The woman named Shannon also received another opportunity at life.  Margaret deserved no less.  If his hands could heal total strangers (he knew the healing power didn’t belong simply to his hands), why couldn’t they heal someone he cared about?
He gave in to heavy eyelids and sat back in his chair.  He saw the images he wished not to envision.  He felt hopelessness.  The blonde named Julie (she told him her name when they congregated on the bridge) possessed no hope for her future.  It was ripped from her and now had been given back with a new sense of promise.
A disturbance in the emergency room brought reality back into focus.  Red and white ambulances delivered a few others from the accident.  None of their injuries looked too severe, although a couple of the victims seemed like refugees from a war zone.
“Mister Richards,” a nurse said from a few feet away.  He almost failed to respond to his phony identification. “Your sister is being moved up to a room.  She is stable, but still unconscious.  You can go up.  The doctor who attended her will be up there to speak with you in a few minutes.  If you wish to contact any other family members, there are pay phones down the hall to your left.”
“Thank-you.”
The nurse smiled politely before returning to her station across the waiting room.  As he walked past her she motioned for his attention. “Oh… I almost forgot, she’s being moved to the third floor, room 384.”

***

James stroked Margaret’s forearm and the back of her hand over a thousand times.  He continued the motion without any hope that it would revive her.  The monitor by the bedside showed a steady rhythm.  Her breath wasn’t too shallow.  Margaret slept and James prayed for her to wake.
Bandages covered the wound on her forehead.  Why didn’t it heal at his touch?  Why was the fate of Margaret Richards different from that of Julie and her brother, Shannon Stern or little Tasha?  
“Should of stayed home… should have played sick,” he mumbled to no one capable of hearing. “Should have made love to you.” He rose from the chair by her bedside.  His legs stiffened, reminding him of his mishap Saturday morning and the old man who touched him. “I need to find that old guy,” he said to the silent form in the bed. “I need to know why my touch healed four others… and not you.”
Outside the window James watched the day creep past noon.  The other bed held no occupant in its sickly embrace.  If it had the previous monologue would not have been verbal.  Three birds took flight from outside the glass pane.  Tomorrow he would stop for breakfast at the same café where he and Sheila tried hard to humiliate each other.  He lost that battle, but so many lay ahead.  The old man might be there.  A coincidence, one chance in a million, but a prospect he needed to seek.
He returned to the bed and decided a few more minutes at her side couldn’t hurt. “I called work,” he said as his hand revisited its rhythmic motion on her forearm. “HR said they would contact your next of kin.  Told them I wasn’t certain who that would be.  So much I don’t know about you… Margaret Richards… so much I should know.”
James wiped what felt like stray moisture beneath his eye before rising from the chair. “I’ll come back tonight,” he promised, “and tomorrow… until you wake up.”

***

Terry Binghamton reported on the evening news about the accident in Groton Connecticut during the morning’s commute.  James Hart became a star at six-fifteen.  He listened knowing that the phone across the room would ring momentarily.  He wasn’t wrong.
“We’re watchin’ the news,” the first words across the receiver were breathless. “Shit!” The exclamation of a lifetime forced itself from Jonathan Hart’s lips over the telephone lines. “Why didn’t you contact us man.  Are you all right?  They’re sayin’ on the news that you’re a hero… got a few people out of the wreckage and…”
James thought the previous exclamation was about to add itself to the conversation a second time.  He took the chance away from his older sibling. “Yeah… I’m fine, car’s history and a friend of mine is in the hospital.”
“Who?”
“You wouldn’t know her… Margaret Richards.  I was giving her a lift to work.  She’s not doin’ too well… still unconscious.  I was at the hospital most of the morning and spent the afternoon… just thinking.”
“Are the doctors… optimistic?”
James listened to the open line for a few seconds before answering. “I don’t know.  I don’t think there’s a whole lot that they know.  It’s a head injury… a serious one.  I spent nearly four hours in her room this morning.  The nurses never asked me to leave.  I’m going back tonight.  Stay until they chase me out.”
“I’m sorry,” Jonathan inserted, “I didn’t know.”
James understood his brother’s apology.  The emotion in his voice described Margaret Richards as something more than a friend. “We were just starting out… was planning to introduce you guys to her this weekend.”
“We’ll still get to meet her.  I’m confident of that.”
“Say an extra prayer… please.”
“You didn’t have to ask… and why don’t you stop over tonight… after the hospital.”
“I don’t know.  I got to wrap my mind around this… on my own before I can share much more.  I’ll be over this weekend… if not before.  Give my love to Joanna and Sam and the boys… and don’t worry.  I’ll be fine.”
“The door’s always open,” Jonathan said before hanging up his end of the conversation.  James knew his favorite family would always be there, but he needed to understand this hell completely before he could explain it.
Chapter 15




Dancing, in the early evening, on a weeknight, limited tips.  Most of the men sat at the bar watching the news or syndicated situation comedies.  These same men would be long gone when the real dancers took the stage.  Melanie cared little for their attention.  She hadn’t proven to be much of a draw.  In return Mitchell gave her the stage at the beginning of the night and saved the best girls until later.
From the back room she listened to the music a few other girls were getting topless to.  The Andrea True Connection, or one of those defunct disco acts of the seventies, offered a recorded beat.  Three more baby dolls from the not-too-popular crowd didn’t draw a single comment from the patronage, at least not one loud enough to be heard from Melanie’s location.  The clock overhead read quarter to eight.  She would go out once more, maybe, when the crowd was a little thicker.  She didn’t think she ever wanted the status girls like Colleen, Darcy or Phoenix had on stage.  They danced to raunchy jeers with all eyes on what naked flesh they could legally expose.  The three of them and a few other girls occasionally entertained men in a couple private rooms out back.  She was surprised when Colleen admitted to giving private lap dances minus her G-string.  She knew for the right price a girl would do just about anything in the rooms out back.
“Mitchell wants t’ see you.” The messenger stood five-two with a well-rounded chest.  Her name was Cindy.  Melanie didn’t know her sir name.  When Melanie danced earlier in the evening, Cindy accompanied her on stage.  If any eyes were drawn to their performance, they locked focus on Cindy’s breasts and made Melanie invisible.  
“Did he say what he wants?”
“Wasn’t my business t’ ask.”
Melanie reached for the jeans and blouse she’d worn before her first round on stage.  The hole in the right knee of the faded denim grew in size when they were last put on.  The white treads of wear began to set in above the left knee.  She grabbed both garments quickly and her light blue panties fell to the floor, another violation of her privacy.
“Mitchell said now,” Cindy asserted forcefully. “You ain’t got time to get fuckin’ dressed for no party… and I don’t think clothing is optional anyway.”
Melanie wrapped a short robe around her, covering her bare breasts and thin G-string.  Mitchell had never called her to his office in this manner.  She knew the reason and the possibility that she might agree to his terms frightened her. 

***

“Sit.” Mitchell motioned toward the couch along the wall opposite his cluttered desk.  Seldom did he use the office.  The only purpose for the room involved the dancers and any illegal activity he offered.  She didn’t want to sell herself in any way.  But finances were tight and a lap dance would help her pay her portion of the rent.
She pulled the lower front of her robe closed as she sat beneath his gaze.  The crotch of her black-laced G-string peeked out at the man leaning against the desk.
“I’ve a proposition,” he continued, “hear it out completely before you give me a thumbs up… or down.”
Melanie nodded agreement, tugging again at the robe before crossing her legs.
“I have a friend,” Mitchell began. “His name is unimportant.  All that is important is that he pays very well for a single… private night of entertainment.” He raised a hand to ward off comment as Melanie opened her mouth. “He likes to have two or three girls come down to this… warehouse he has access to.  He likes them to dance… for he and his friends.  First off… you should know that you won’t be in a club where state law governs whether or not your sexy little G-string stays in place.  It won’t.  That is one of the reasons my friend pays girls so well to dance for him… and his friends.  Then of course the serious money gets placed on the table.  My friend expects a lot more than dancing.  If shaking your naked ass was all he cared about, I wouldn’t be askin’ you to entertain him.  He likes your looks, your small boobs are especially enticing, and he’s fairly certain his friends will… all like the way you look, something about the innocent looking girl bein’ not so innocent.”
“Sex?” She asked the question well aware of the answer.
“Of course.”
She inhaled and bit her lower lip, a nervous gesture she had never been able to break herself of completely. “How many men… will be at the party?”
“My friend… and maybe five or six others.  Two hundred and fifty dollars t’ dance, nude, extra for spreadin’ your legs.”
Melanie considered stripping to be the act of desperation.  It meant allowing purchase, visually, of those parts of her body only an intimate lover should ever receive full access to.  Every time a man in the audience stared, she felt violated.  Mitchell’s offer went to a completely different level.  How desperate would she need to be to sell her flesh?
“I’m not very good at dancing… or taking my clothes off.  That’s why I don’t dance during the peek hours… is it?”
“To be completely honest,” Mitchell responded, “your time dancing under this roof is limited.  You don’t take this offer… you better start flippin’ fuckin’ burgers at a fast food joint.”
“Who else will be coming?”
“Your friend Colleen… she’s one of my friend’s favorites.”
“She’s done this before?”
Mitchell answered with a single nod of his head. “Your roommate is quite raunchy when it comes down t’ bein’ part of an…”
“Orgy.” Melanie finished his statement.
“Yeah… I guess you might call it that.”
“Is that it?”
“And Darcy… they’re both well experienced and I’m sure they’ll control most of the… activity, protect you from doin’ anything which might seem too depraved.”
She nodded her head without speaking, unable to make her agreement with the terms vocal.
“Guess that means you accept the offer?” 
“Yes,” she found the single word buried in the back of her throat.
“Good,” Mitchell said while digging a wad of currency from his pants pocket. “Should never send out a girl untried.” He counted two twenties and a ten from the fistful of cash.  He let the three bills float to the floor and watched her eyes follow the greenbacks like magnets attracted to steel.  His fingers slowly lowered the zipper at the front of his pants.  “Come over here and get on your knees… be a nice preacher’s daughter and show me how you like to treat your men.”

***

“So you’re gonna do this?” The question didn’t come from Colleen, her friend; it came from a girl who sold herself for sex, a prostitute hidden beneath Colleen’s pale exterior.
“Yes… and I…” Melanie’s face was stained with tears.  Her eyes filled again when she tried answering Colleen’s question. “I… sucked him off… for fifty.”
“What the fuck were you thinking?” Colleen’s voice rose, drawing the attention of two other girls in the room. “He paid you what… fifty dollars for a fuckin’ blowjob?”
Melanie nodded her head as words became sparse again.
“This isn’t you Mel.  You need to get the hell out while you can.”
She shook her head violently.  She saw no other choice and if Colleen did she welcomed any ideas.
“You’ve never slept with a guy you didn’t at least have the hots for.  This is so different.  I’m talkin’ the sleaziest shit you can imagine.  If you’re disgusted by what Mitchell paid you t’ do… you’re gonna be mortified by what Saturday entails.”
Melanie wiped her face.  Colleen had loaned her some mascara guaranteed not to run.  She was glad she used it this evening. “I’ll be okay.”
“Yeah… only ‘cause Darcy and I are gonna make sure your okay.”
“I don’t need any protection.” The tears came to a halt.  Melanie’s voice gained a stable volume and strength. “I’m not a child… I made a decision to do accept the offer to work at the party… just like I made the decision to...”
“Then why the water works.”
Melanie looked at her friend with damp eyes. “Innocence… it’s gone… and everything I am desecrates my father’s grave. I’m a whore and he deserved more… than what I am.”
Chapter 16
	



“So you’re the son… I never met.” The voice behind James startled him.  The nurse hadn’t said anything about Margaret’s mother showing up at her daughter’s bedside.  He turned toward a tall thin woman, dressed professionally in a pinstriped pants suit and void of any emotion a mother of a comatose child should exhibit. “The nurse on duty told me my son was here… news to me… but don’t worry I didn’t blow your cover.”
“Margaret never said much about her family,” James responded.
“You probably never asked.”
He nodded in agreement with her conjecture.  The fact couldn’t be argued.  James never inquired about Margaret’s family and Margaret never offered any information.  The fact seemed odd at the moment considering their intimate conversation last night.
“I contacted our personnel department and told them they needed to contact Margaret’s next of kin,” He explained. 
“Surprised I’m still considered that particular mockery in the well kept records of Electric Boat.  Margaret and I haven’t seen reasons to keep in touch much in quite a few years.”
“I’m sorry that this is the way…”
“My name is Donna.” She extended a hand made of long skeletal fingers, not like Margaret’s in the least.  He gripped her hand, respecting its perceived fragility.  Her grasp contained surprising strength. “I’m technically Margaret’s stepmother.  Her father passed away six years ago.  Her real mother dropped off the face of the earth when Margaret was still a toddler.  We never had a good relationship… Margaret and I.  It became non-existent after her father’s death.  We were both at fault.”
James sensed emotion in the woman for the first time.  He figured the sentiment was linked to her husband’s death and not her stepdaughter.  Quickly she hid any weakness behind a personal shelter.
“I take it you’re a friend, co-worker… maybe even her lover,” the woman stated.  James sensed doubt in the woman’s belief that Margaret could in fact have a lover. “You’re obviously the guy she was with when the accident occurred.”
“My name is James Hart.  We’ve been co-workers for a couple years… and friends.”
“Too bad,” Donna Richards responded with a sarcastic tone, “thought maybe Margaret was getting beyond… things… finally.”
“We were beginning to.”
The woman’s mouth turned in a thin smile.  Her eyes stayed uncommitted. “Then you are more than friends.  Makes sense… doesn’t it.  I could never understand what Margaret felt.  I should have been able to… but I’ve never been…”
“Raped.”
“I would have used the term violated, sexually violated.  I have to give her credit.  She held on to life when she could have just as easily thrown it away.  I have never been a compassionate woman… Mister Hart.  Raising a child, who was not my own, I’ll bet I’m in a league with Cinderella’s stepmother and sisters in one lumpy putrid mess.  She hated me… and I can’t say I felt much differently for her.”
“Then why are you here?” The question came out harshly from his lips.  He felt cruelty in his words and chose not to suppress them.
“Because… I loved her father.” 

***

James drove for over an hour, without any destination.  The rental car he’d picked up during the afternoon came equipped with a Pioneer stereo deck.  He drove in silence, preferring his thoughts and prayers to any music or obnoxious disc jockey.  Without purpose he crossed the Gold Star Bridge.  The site of the accident appeared to be untouched by the devastation of the morning’s commute.  He left Interstate 95 without thinking and followed Route 1 along the shore, leaving Connecticut and entering Rhode Island.  He didn’t turn the engine off until his headlights shone over the sands of Misquamicut Beach.  From here he would walk barefoot, continuing the route of purposelessness.
The sand seemed almost virgin, now that the summer was a memory and lapping waves had wiped clean the footprints of July and August.  For a moment he considered leaving, going back toward New London and searching for the reminiscent prints he and Margaret made Tuesday night.  The ocean claimed them in her wrath; he prayed death wouldn’t claim her.
The doctors said the head injury was severe.  They also insisted that the coma could last a long time.  They never actually said she might not come out of it, but James knew that outcome was a possibility.  He prayed for a miracle, in his heart and verbally, occasionally falling into remembered lyrics of a child at bedtime.
Donna Richards seemed to be a mockery of parental concern.  Could we become that distant from those we knew as family?  James had only his brother.  He couldn’t imagine any distance gaining a foothold between them.  Their folks had passed on together, in a car accident eighteen months ago.  The wounds were healed because they had each other and Jonathan’s family.  He wished Samantha knew Grandma and Grandpa Hart in an aspect, which wasn’t photographed or shared with her as funny anecdotes.  Maybe her grandparent’s departure from life was what drew he and Jonathan close.  Sheila Gilman hated the reality that James was planted firmly in Connecticut soil while she dreamt of other glories.
If the beach was ten miles long, he would have covered it with meditative strides.  It was too short, and when summer homes appeared to his left he paused.  A stone outcropping welcomed him.  He rested and pondered the next day, and the one that needed to follow.  The morning newspaper would bear his name.  He wished he had no identity.  God, how he wanted to avoid the fact that he was different than the young man who should have died in the street over the weekend.
He would find the old man tomorrow, if it meant sitting in the restaurant where he and Sheila chose to argue, all day.  He hoped the old man frequently indulged in the habit of eating breakfast outside his own lonely kitchen.  If not, James knew he would take on the custom.
Chapter 17




For the number of times James broke bread with Sheila on Saturday mornings, he never took note of the diner’s name.  It didn’t matter now.  In recent months the restaurant became a site for disagreement, humiliation and rebirth.  He pulled the vehicle belonging to Hertz up to the sidewalk, fifty yards down the road from his destination.  At the front entry he paused and looked out over the street.  The bloodstain was gone, but he could still see it.  A tiny bell over the door rang.  A plump middle aged woman walked past him.  He entered the restaurant before the access completed its swing closed.  The aroma of the room reminded him of Saturday, bacon, sausage and hot coffee.
He looked toward the table where he and Sheila sat five mornings ago.  A young couple with a small blonde haired child sat in their space.  The woman laughed at some joke her male counterpart shared.  
The old man occupied the adjacent table.  James remembered him as much more ancient.  Today the elderly gentleman seemed to be a younger version of himself.  They made eye contact.  The old man sat back in his chair, cradling a cup of coffee between his wrinkled hands.
“Just one?” A young waitress with black hair asked.
“I’m with him.” James pointed across the room.  The old man smiled, offering a welcoming gesture. 
“I’ll be over to get your order in a sec,” the girl said.
“I’ll start with a coffee.” A sleepless night gave way to a second wind, but caffeine was a necessary evil.
“Hoped you might decide to have breakfast out this morning,” the elderly man said as James commandeered the chair across the table. “Saw your picture on the news… figured you might need to ask a few questions.”
“A few would be an understatement.”
“My name is Godfrey,” he leaned forward and offered an extended hand. “Godfrey Utes.  I eat breakfast here every weekend, sometimes durin’ the week too, as today seems to fit the case.”
“What did you do to me?” James asked in a voice low enough so not to draw the attention of the couple with small child.
“You mean Saturday morning… right out there in the street?  I saw a car come down the road… a Honda… red I think.  It passed… drew my attention.  Your lady friend is quite attractive… concerned about things that don’t matter much.  Does she drive a Saab?”
“I don’t see what any of this has to do with Saturday morning.”
“Humor me.  I’m an old man.  Seen a lot and I don’t wanna see much more.”
“Yes… she drives a Saab.”
“Knew it.”
A coffee was placed on the table.  The waitress stood with her pale green pad ready to jot down his order.
“Eggs… over easy and rye toast,” James ordered before the girl could ask.
“It took awhile before I healed four or five folks,” Godfrey said once the waitress left the table, “but then I didn’t run into anything much like you did.”
“So what did you do to me?”
“I answered the voice.  The same one you answered yesterday morning.  You were going to die and I was allowed a chance to change that.  You were my seventh… and now the curse is yours.”
“Curse,” James tested the word’s flavor, curse or gift.  There were four people on the bridge this morning who felt the presence of a miracle.  Then again, there was a young woman in a hospital in a coma who received no reward from on high.
“I hoped you might come and seek answers.  Let me begin by telling you that four years ago I should have died.  A heart attack… in the park… Mohegan, do you know the place?”
James nodded.
“I was just hiking… by myself… foolishly.  Pauline… that’s my wife, she always hounded me about doin’ such things.  I usually didn’t listen.  When you’re married to someone for fifty years it’s hard to listen to everything anymore.  I was certain it was a heart attack.  Felt that god-awful pain in my chest… searing.  By chance someone was there.  Just like when you decided to walk in front of that car.  All I remember is the pain was gone, my heart was fine and then that damned silent voice in my head began speaking.”
Chapter 18




The past twenty-four hours crawled by for Shannon Stern.  She managed to steer the press away from Julie and her brother.  She wondered why it seemed so important to do so.  James Hart, a stranger who walked into her life and changed her weeping to joy, interrupted the pattern of existence she’d become accustomed to.  
There was no scar on her forehead, even though she knew the wound should not have healed.  She felt her skin’s texture as she studied her face in the mirror.  Timothy was still sleeping.  Her parents knew about the accident.  All the local news stations were using it as a tease to get viewers to turn in at noon, and then again at six, yesterday.  She called in sick today and planned on doing the same tomorrow. 
The phone downstairs rang.  She cursed her decision not to install an extension in her bedroom.  She ran down the flight of stairs, wearing white panties and a bra, knowing that if she were to fall and break her neck the paramedics would have a free show of her well-worn undergarments.  She stopped to grab a breath as she reached the ringing messenger.  She had no desire to rehash the ‘Gold Star Catastrophe’, as the media chose to title the event.  The phone called out again.  She lifted the receiver from the hook and listened to an echo of her breathing on the other end.
“Hello,” a far-off female voice said tentatively. “Is Shannon Stern there?”
“Who’s calling?”
The caller breathed deeply.  Shannon nearly gave in to the urge to hang the receiver back on its cradle before the voice spoke again. “Shannon… this is Julie… from yesterday… on the bridge.”
“Julie,” Shannon responded with suspicion.  She doubted the media would use such a ploy to speak with her, but given the strangeness of the last day she wasn’t taking any chances. “You okay?”
“Yes… I’m sorry to bother you.  You gave me your number yesterday… and… you said to call… if I needed to… talk.” 
The caller’s nervous chatter seemed genuine.  Terry, the news reporter wouldn’t have thought to try on this act.
“Where are you now?” Shannon asked.
“Home.  I live with my parents.  I didn’t go… to work last night, couldn’t.  Needed to think about all kinds of shit.” She paused for a moment. “Sorry… for swearing.  I went to church… sat all night… in a pew.  I couldn’t stop crying.”
“Julie… would you be able to meet me somewhere.”
“Yes… but I will have to bring Tasha.”
“I have a son named Timothy.  He’s a little older than Tasha.  I’ll bring him along.  Let’s meet at Mohegan Park… at the swings by the Monkey House.  Can you get there?  Do you have access to a car?”
“Yes… I’ll use my father’s old pick-up truck.  Look for me… it’s light blue.”

***

Last night when Shannon unveiled her version of the ‘Gold Star Catastrophe’ to her parents, she left out the healed head wound and made James Hart into a hero who simply helped her from her wrecked vehicle.
Timothy asked little about the fact that she drove grandpa’s ‘other’ car home.  The white Chevy Nova didn’t fall prey to the trade-in ritual when her father bought his present car.  The vehicle still wore its registration, even though it rarely saw the road.  The two-door sedan had a good number of years on it and reminded Shannon of times better than the present.
She pulled into the parking area and immediately saw Julie’s truck.  She hadn’t shut her own engine off before Julie got out of her vehicle.  The teenaged girl waited patiently, leaning against a dented fender on the driver’s side of the pickup.  Shannon felt a twinge of pity for the younger girl.  Obviously she’d become pregnant in high school.  Shannon knew her adventures with boy friends during the two years prior to college could easily have left her in the same situation.
“This is Timothy,” Shannon said, introducing her son to both Julie and Tasha as she approached.  A look of angst left Julie’s face and gave way to a soft smile.  She was prettier than Shannon remembered.  Then again, the whole world seemed more attractive to the eye today.
“Hi Timmy,” Julie offered the greeting.  Shannon cringed at the shortened version of her son’s name.  Her ex-husband always wanted to refer to the boy as Timmy, or just Tim.  Shannon never gave in when told it was a battle not worth the fight.  Today it mattered a little less than yesterday.  A new lease on life made her consider avoiding worthless scrimmages.  
Julie took Tasha’s hand.  Shannon noticed a jagged scar on the young mother’s wrist.  The foursome moved quickly from the parking area and began the short trek to the swings by the Monkey house.

***

“Are you married?” Julie asked Shannon.  Her eyes were locked on Tasha, running around the slide, in a half circle, toward the ladder.
“Divorced.”
“Oh,” Julie offered no apology, “you seem to be… I mean.” After stumbling for words she couldn’t find she surrendered to embarrassment.
“It’s all right.  It was best for me and Timothy.”
“I always wanted that,” Julie countered, “a husband… a father for Tasha.”
“Someone to share the miracles in your life with,” Shannon added.
Julie didn’t respond right away.  She watched Tasha hoist herself onto a swing.
“She does well for her age,” Shannon commented. “How old is she?”
“Three and a half,” Julie answered. “She’s small for her age… premature and I probably didn’t take care of myself like I should have.  There was a time when I just wished it would go away.”
“It’s understandable.  How old are you Julie?”
“I turned nineteen two months ago.”
“So you weren’t even sixteen when Tasha was born.”
“He was twenty-two… and I thought I’d keep him if I got pregnant with his baby.  My father wanted to either kill him or have him arrested.”
“And where’s her father now?”
“Prison.” Julie looked to Shannon’s face.  No judgment was present. “He killed someone in a holdup… pregnant lady.  Guess the judge didn’t like his long hair and tattoos.  He gave him life.” After checking on the two playmates Julie added a stray thought. “It was a miracle… wasn’t it?”
“I’m not certain if I believe in the existence of actual miracles, especially the kind that come from a supreme, overseeing enlightenment.”
“I think it was.”
“Well I haven’t made up my mind yet,” Shannon responded, surprised by the confidence in Julie’s belief. “God isn’t so high on my list lately, although… it hadn’t occurred to me that he ever was.”
Julie looked toward her with questioning eyes.
“On my list,” Shannon added.
“My brother thinks this whole thing is some sort of religious experience… like Jesus walking on water, or some guardian angel taking form to help those in his care.”
“I think James Hart is a real person.”
“That’s not what I mean… what he means,” Julie continued. “It’s just…” She held out her arm, into Shannon’s view.  The scar on her wrist wasn’t very old. “I came close to dyin’ when I did this.  Had to learn that lesson a second time though.  I won’t need to be reminded.  Regardless of the present situation… I’ve placed myself in… life is worth living.  Tasha needs her mother… despite all my shortcomings.”
“I’ve had my moments of wishing it was over,” Shannon replied, “but never chose to take that step.”
“Do you think…” Julie shook off the question.
“What?”
“Do you think we’ll ever see him… again?”
“Do you feel a need to see him again?” Shannon answered Julie’s question with one of her own.
Julie nodded with urgency.
Shannon reached for her purse and dug through the contents.  She unfolded a page torn from a phone book. “In our brief conversation on the bridge… before the news teams approached… he made a comment about being from Norwich.  These are the numbers for all the Hart’s in the Norwich exchange.  There are two J Harts… one of them might be him.”
Chapter 19




“It’s gone now,” Godfrey said, “the voice.  Once I healed you… it just went silent.”
“Why me?” James asked.
“Because it wanted you.  It wants to send you out to preserve seven people who are otherwise going to die.  You’ve been busy right from the start.  It wasn’t like that for me.  It took nearly a year… before I witnessed four people healed by my touch.”
The waitress stopped at their table with a pot of fresh coffee.  Godfrey slid his cup to the edge of the table, encouraging the refill.  James followed suit.
“They know me well here,” Godfrey informed his guest. “I’ve been known to take five or six refills and leave a sizable tip.  Good tippin’ always gains you an upper hand.”
“So what was it like for you… the first time?” James soberly redirected the conversation.
“Small child… little girl… blonde, she’d been hit by a car in front of her house.  I couldn’t explain why I was walking in the neighborhood, other than to say that the silent voice led me.  It was horrible… blood and shattered bones.  I saw her bike go airborne.  I saw her strike the hood of the vehicle and I saw her land headfirst on the pavement.  I ran across the street to the scene, folks were screamin’.  I saw a woman run from a house nearby… her mother.  I wanted to vomit… the girl was such a mess.  I touched her.  I felt the world stop… an illusion… maybe it did.” Godfrey sampled his refilled cup of black coffee. “I was completely confused… like you are now.  Three weeks later it happened again.  By then I was trying hard to convince myself that the little blonde girl hadn’t really been injured… that I imagined the blood, the bones protruding from her leg and arm.  After the second experience I couldn’t kid myself anymore.  I knew I needed to seek out the young woman who healed me.”
Godfrey paused for a moment, as if to gather a fragmented thought and mold it into something coherent.  The waitress who served their table was nearby, taking the order of two young men.  Both patrons felt her up with their eyes.  Godfrey watched the movement of all three.  The girl knew she was desired and didn’t seem to mind.  Some flaunted their attributes, and were repaid with larger tips.  As she moved away Godfrey felt his own eyes caress her.  Tight black slacks, revealing the firm shape of her backside, gave him impressions an old man should never have of a young girl.
“Old men shouldn’t fantasize about young women,” Godfrey said, in reference to himself. “I find myself doing that a lot lately.  Probably did it a lot during my younger days too.
“The young girl,” he changed subjects, “who passed me on the trail that day… wasn’t hard to find.  I think she was actually looking for me.  If I’d been younger my flirting might have been taken more seriously.  I was… am old… and at the time I was married.” Godfrey looked across the table into the eyes of his audience. “My Marjorie died six moths ago.  I couldn’t heal her.  I tried.  I still had a couple left.” He held his hands out in front of him. “It’s not for us to decide.  Whatever passed through me and now passes through you… makes the decision for us.  I tried not to listen… succeeded, and couldn’t heal the person I loved more than life itself.  Believe me… don’t save it.  Get rid of it like its something vile that needs to be purged from your bloodstream.  You’re way ahead of me.  It took me over a year to listen to the same proverb I’m tellin’ you.  I watched too many die who I would have chose to save.  The curse of being an old man… with old friends.”
“Do you pass this… curse on to everyone you heal?” 
“No,” Godfrey answered, “only the last… the seventh.  Then the cycle starts over again.”
“Why seven?”
“Damned if I know.  I asked the same question of Amanda.  That was her name, a very beautiful girl.  Did I tell you how good lookin’ she was?”
“I imagined.”
“Hard to simply imagine her beauty.  My Marjorie was beautiful in her youth, but Amanda could have competed with any of Hugh Hefner’s models.  She made me long for my youth.”
“And she didn’t know anything more about why… this happened to her, to you… and to me?” James drew Godfrey back into their required conversation, away from the imagery of a shapely young woman with long legs and ripe melons for breasts.
“Maybe seven is Biblical.  Maybe it’s satanic.  I don’t really know, neither did Amanda.  She did however warn me about holding onto the curse, trying to hold onto it to satisfy my own will.  You can’t heal those who are broken in your own life.  It doesn’t work that way.  It decides who it wants to heal.  The purpose is never disclosed.  My Marjorie died of the same cancer that had ravaged her body for the last year of our marriage.  I prayed.  I sat by her deathbed and imagined every tumor dissolving.  Imagining that cancer never touched her brain.  It wouldn’t do my will… it won’t do yours.  If the child in the backseat of that car had been someone dear to you… she would have died.”
“There was someone,” James offered, “in my car.  She’s in a coma.”
“Relative?”
“Friend… good friend.”
“Maybe more?”
“Maybe,” James responded, then changed his proclamation. “Probably.”
“It freezes time… ya know,” Godfrey added. “Makes those who might witness become blind to your presence.  I’ll bet you experienced that on the bridge yesterday morning.  Most of the crowd around you didn’t see me until I had laid hands on you.  Your wounds were nearly gone before their eyes were opened.  It chose to heal you quickly.  Sometimes the process is slower… without reason.  Maybe something within the soul of the one being mended… causes that.”
“Could it be then,” James began hopefully, “that my friend is recovering… slowly, for whatever reason.”
“I felt the same way about my Marjorie,” Godfrey spread the palms of his hands open in front of him.  Tears filled the corners of his tired eyes. “I’m glad the curse is gone from these hands.  Get rid of it quickly… before it takes someone you love in return.”

***

Godfrey Utes tried to avoid answering the call to heal for months.  Saving the last few healings for his own purpose.  Those he chose to cure left this world before him, still immersed in the ailment he sought to free them of.  James thought about Margaret.  The one individual he would choose to restore to health needed to return to the living on her own.  No matter how much he wished or prayed, Margaret wasn’t one of the ones destined for restoration.
The doctor (James believed the name was Goldberg) said the brain injury could easily have been fatal.  Life in a coma presented the world with a miracle, one James wasn’t willing to acknowledge.
The halls of the hospital smelt of fresh antiseptic.  Doctor Goldberg (or Gold something) walked down the corridor, away from the frozen space in time where James leaned against the door jam for support.  His weakness would pass.
He entered the room.  Donna Richards turned from her trance in front of the television.  An entertainment show, choreographing the lives of the famous, droned on from the single speaker.
“I just spoke to the doctor and he says…”
“It doesn’t look good… does it?” Margaret’s stepmother interrupted. “The man looks at me with a deep sadness in his eyes.  He can’t bring back to life what is dying.  It eats at the core of his soul.  Sometimes I wonder if men like that should be doctors, then again, I wonder if all doctors should be like him.”
James went to the bedside.  The seat of the vinyl upholstered chair was cold, unused.  How could a woman, who raised a child though not her own, stand callously by a television set while the last sparks of life flickered in the grown body of that child.  He touched Margaret’s hand.  Her fingers seemed cold, as if death had already claimed her.  The monitor mounted to the wall said otherwise.
“How much did she tell you?” Donna Richards asked.
“About…”
“The night she was… violated.”
“Just that it happened, that in court they made her feel raped again.”
“There were four of them.  Gang members who stated a claim to some turf made up of nothing more than littered alleys and trashcans.  Margaret shouldn’t have gone near there.  She shouldn’t have been drinking.”
“That doesn’t make it right.” James was too tired to express anger.  The sleepless night, the last conversation with Doctor Gold-something and the events of the previous day wore him to the verge of complete exhaustion.  Responding harshly to a woman who deserved nothing less would take too much energy.  He chose to stay calm and emotionless.
“I’m not saying what they did was right.  It was a horrible thing to do and each of them is doing his share of time for their actions.  Still… there are places you don’t go, even if your best friends dare you to.”
James turned away from Margaret’s comatose form.  His eyes focused intently on the woman whose parental rights were in doubt.
“A dare, a drunken dare… only Margaret got caught where she shouldn’t have been.  The Lobos wore their gang’s brand on their forearms, the severed head of a wolf, and a motto on their filthy t-shirts. ‘Our turf, fines for crossing are paid in flesh’.  All three of those girls knew what the Lobos claimed to have done to other women who didn’t belong, especially if they were perceived to be girls of rival gangs, White women, Asian women, Black women, it didn’t matter… all paid the price… if caught.  They thought it was a big joke.  One of the three girls got away, leaving pride… and her clothing behind.  That might have saved Margaret’s life.  By the time the police got there…” Donna Richards paused and fought back a glimpse of emotion. “Her friend, who hadn’t gotten away, was dead, stabbed three times in the chest.  They didn’t want to have sex with her, too chunky, too plain.  An insult in a way, you’re too ugly for us to rape… so die instead.  They would have killed Margaret too, when they were through, but the cops finally made it.  In court, Margaret said they swore to let them both live… if she submitted.  How does a young woman ever become anything for a man to love… after that?”  She turned back toward the televised gossip column, not expecting an answer from the man in the room.
“Love is about the present and the future,” James answered quietly, “it has little to do with the past.”
“I hope the man who claims to love her… believes whole-heartedly in that statement.”

***

The center of his eyes ached, a deep pulsating throb.  He rubbed them with clammy fingers.  The pain burrowed into his mind.  James found himself on the second floor of the hospital, looking at a sign indicting the direction to Pediatrics.  The silent intruder beckoned at his will, pulling his mind and soul to a place of its design.  He needed sleep, and it, the thing Godfrey Utes put inside him, needed him.
The nurse at the station down the hall blinked.  James passed by when the curse inside him paused the moment.  He considered yesterday morning on the bridge, when the world around him responded in a similar manner.  Time had stood still for a while.  He moved through its fabric unhindered.  Movements around him slowed, some stopped completely, not allowed to be witnesses to the curse’s consummation.  Godfrey Utes mentioned this phenomenon during their meeting this morning, without sharing much detail. 
A room decorated for a child greeted him.  Cal Ripken graced a poster on the wall to the right of the child’s bed.  James recognized the Baltimore Oriole’s star in the limited light.  A child, a boy, six or seven, slept in the shadows, lying on his back.  Tubes ran from his mouth into the darkness of a thick void veiled in black, needles fed the veins in his thin arms.  He breathed mechanically.  A green line, on a monitor to the side of his bed, registered the rhythm of a weakened heart.
James saw a baseball glove on a table by the bed, a Rawlings, barely used.  He imagined the boy playing catch with a father whose face blurred, without identity.  It brought him here, the same thing that led him to vehicles of those not destined to die.
“Is this from God?” He asked the darkness.  The shadows offered no answer.
He considered the gift, as something to be saved.  Godfrey’s plea to get rid of it quickly rang through his ears, infringing upon his thought.  He could heal three more.  Death was near him, slumbering in the silent form of Margaret Richards.  He wished to restore those of his choosing.
He wished to sleep.
James reached his hand toward the bony shoulder of the sick child.  He did not understand cancers, especially when they ravaged the bodies of children.  Sometimes the fate of the old, who had lived complete lives, corroded away in the grip of the disease.  Children deserved more time, to run and play, to grow, love and have offspring of their own.  One touch and James could offer this small boy the virtue every child warranted.  What would the boy grow up to become?  Would he use his second chance to live a positive life?  James touched the infected body and health regained its grip. 

***

He could have easily slept until noon, if the phone hadn’t rung at nine-thirty.  He’d given his number to Donna Richards last night.  He didn’t expect good news from the other end of the phone.
“Hello,” he answered the phone with a raspy voice, still trying to step completely into the new day.
“This is Julie… is this James… James Hart?”
A cataloged memory, now two days old, pushed away his desire to close his eyes.  Julie, the young blonde with a small child, no wedding band and a brother, he knew little else about her.  He chastised his memory for having taken note of absent jewelry while Margaret’s unconscious body was taken to the hospital. 
“Yes,” he slowly answered her question.
“Sorry to bother you.  Were you sleeping?”
“It’s okay.” He pulled his legs over the edge of the bed and sat up.
“I saw Shannon… Shannon Stern, yesterday.  We talked a little about Wednesday morning.  Tasha and her son Timothy played together… on the swings in the park.  She gave me your number.  I hope that was okay.”
He couldn’t remember giving his phone number to Shannon.  It didn’t matter.  He had no intention of hiding from those he came in contact with. “How is she?” 
“She’s doin’ okay… so’s my brother… and Tasha.  How about you, how are you doing?”
He hadn’t thought much about his welfare over the last couple days. “I’m okay,” he stated while pondering whether or not he was.
“I never got to thank you… for draggin’ me from the car and all.  It was a brave thing that you did… for the three of us and Shannon.”
She grew silent and James used the opportunity to try deflecting any heroics. “It wasn’t really that big a deal.  If I thought about any chance I might be taking… I would have run as far away from that bridge as possible.”
“I don’t think that’s true.”
“Reacting to instinct, when you don’t know all the danger involved does not prove heroism.”
“I think Shannon is more suited for philosophical debates,” Julie giggled. “I’m not really into that kind of stuff.”
What was Julie into?  The empty finger on her left hand filtered through his mind again.  He felt unfaithful. “I get philosophical in the morning… I guess.”
“Are you… philosophical in the evening?”
“Don’t really know.”
“Reason I’m askin’ is… I sometimes hang out at Septembers… in Waterford… down on route 1.  Do you know the place?”
“Been there a few times.”
At one time, Septembers had been known as Dial-a-Tone, a successful discothèque.  Now, in the renaissance of rock music, the club had begun to favor the taste of the new generation.   
“I’m going to be there tonight… about nine.  If you stopped in, I’d love to buy you a drink.  Maybe we could talk about the other morning… and all.”
Common sense failed him.  His response should have been a definite ‘no’.  Instead James hesitated too long and followed the silence with, “I can’t guarantee that I’ll be able to come by.”
“Well I’m gonna be there anyway.  So if you get the chance swing by… please do.  You’ll be able to pick me out in the crowd.  I’ll be wearin’ this cute little red mini dress with spaghetti straps.”
He figured anything would look cute beneath her curly blonde locks.
“Does that make the offer more tempting?” She continued.
Being asked on date by an attractive young woman filled an empty void, one, which hadn’t been consummated by his brief relationship with Margaret.  Julie would be an eye-catching crutch.  He hated himself for being aware of his motivation. “If I can get free I might be able to stop by around nine-thirty or so.”
“I’ll be waitin’ in my red dress,” she replied in a voice radiating anticipation. “Oh… and by the way… the little red dress is quite short.”
Chapter 20




Mark Towne never walked away from issues unless he left on his terms.  The vision he held of himself was defined differently to those with whom he faced confrontations.  Mark Towne never won any battles, unless you viewed the situation through his eyes.  Despite his past failures, or fantasized successes, Darcy would pay.
He decided to stalk his prey from a distance, with his confidence loaded and wrapped in an oily cloth, stuffed in the glove compartment.  A weapon, a voice for those who stuttered when faced with uncertainty.  He believed himself to be above the status of one who not only lost his wars, but was unable to muster even a single punch.  The gun was a fail-safe device, in case the enemy brought the battle to an even plain.
Darcy wouldn’t recognize the car he drove.  The vehicle came from a rental lot on route 32 in Thamesville named Drive-a-Wreck.  The dark blue paint on the hood of the ’78 Plymouth Volare peeled in the glare of the sun.  He watched Darcy from across the street.
She, her friend Colleen and a new girl from the club, a friend of Colleen’s, entered a tiny café along Jewett City’s main drag.  Route 12 bisected the small borough, dominated by old brick buildings of an era no longer prosperous.  The strip club was in the next town to the north.  Mark knew the girls would most likely head there, after a late breakfast.  In his jealous mind, early arrival at Toads meant a rendezvous in one of the back rooms with paying customers.  He clenched his fists around the steering wheel until his knuckles were white.
Sometimes he felt he could act out a massive killing spree, in the dark rooms of Toads.  The gun could be used as more than a threat.  With the weapon in his hand he was immortal.  None would be ready for him, and only he would be able to finalize the attack.  
When they first slept together he knew Darcy sold her body and made decent money having sex with other men.  In the beginning he considered trying to promote her.  He possessed connections, but he didn’t like the word pimp.  As the relationship moved forward his feelings intensified.  He didn’t love her when they first climbed in the sack.  Soon after, cupid’s arrow nipped his heart.
He hadn’t slept well last night.  He rested his eyes.  If he’d had the means to disguise himself, as he had the vehicle he drove, he would have entered the restaurant, sat as near the three girls as possible and listened to their plans for some future back room activity with a dozen men.  The bright sun warmed his face through the windshield.  He didn’t wish to doze. 

***

“I can’t believe this,” Darcy exclaimed, a little louder than necessary.  The booths on their side of the room were empty.  She drew no attention. “You better not fuck this up,” she said in a much lower voice directed at Melanie. “I depend on this cash… and I wouldn’t want to be the cunt that screws this up for me ‘n Colleen.”
“We’ll be fine,” Colleen inserted her assessment.
“I can’t understand why Cal would want… and inexperienced girl to join us,” Darcy admitted, allowing a touch of calmness into her voice. “Do you have any idea what you’re agreeing to?”
“Mitchell didn’t give me a choice,” Melanie answered.
“I understand Cal specified her to Mitchell.” Colleen stepped in to defend Melanie. “Our mister Jones usually asks for what he likes.”
“You could have said no,” Darcy barked coarsely.
“He told me he wasn’t going to put me on stage anymore.  His exact comment had something to do with flipping hamburgers at fast food restaurant chain.”
“It’s a living… and you do it with your clothes on.”
Melanie hung her head to hide her watery eyes. “I don’t do much right.  I try… but I’m not cut out to be anything but a minister’s daughter.  After what I did in Mitchell’s office… I’m not even good at that.”
“Wha’d she do in Mitchell’s office?” Darcy asked Colleen.
“Sucked on his skin flute.”
“Oh shit.” Darcy reached across the table and poked Melanie’s forearm.  When the girl raised her eyes Darcy said, “You’re gonna perform some tasks more deviant than the one time feat you offered Mitchell.  I honestly don’t think you’re up to the task.  We’re not talkin’ one dude in a motel room… we’re talkin’ orgy.  The kind of stuff your old man thought only devil worshippers did.”
The comment about her father brought a flow of tears down Melanie’s cheeks.  She buried her face in the palms of her hands.
“That’s going a little to far,” Colleen interjected. “Making the decision to go with us tomorrow night was hard enough.  You didn’t need to bring her father into it.  Christ… he’s deceased and all.  The first time you agreed to party with Cal Jones… you felt just as filthy, but you needed the friggin’ money… didn’t you?  So out the window goes morality and self-respect because you need to eat and the rent has to be paid.”
Darcy didn’t respond to her booth mate immediately.  A tear raged a battle in the corner of her eye.  A girl hardened over by a dissolute life won the skirmish and the war. “It was easy for me,” she stated without looking into the face of either girl across from her, “I have no morals.  My hooker mother did whatever felt good to her… with as many men as possible.  She encouraged me to do the same.  It feels good… all of it… and it has nothin’ to do with a lack of respect.  You should know that… Colleen Johnson.  Do you disrespect yourself because you party with Cal Jones whenever the chance arises?  And aren’t you the same girl who accepted that big bonus to entertain Mitchell and a bunch of his friends at his place… just one week after you started dancing?”
“That was different,” Colleen inserted her voice quietly.
“Sure it was.  Mitchell wasn’t going to risk you not being able to put out.  Are you naïve enough t’ think that we make all the money that’s paid out for our randy performances.  Cal lines Mitchell’s pockets… and he lines them quite nicely.  We’re nothing more than prostitutes… of the most vile kind… and Mitchell Gardiner is our friggin’ pimp.”

***

A car’s horn interrupted the afternoon’s tranquility.  Mark dreamt of better places, where the warmth of Darcy’s naked body brought thoughts of pleasure, not retribution.  He cursed the interloper in his dream before remembering his purpose.  He’d lost an hour of the day.  The girls had most likely eaten lunch and moved on to their next conquest. 
A thought played out in his mind, dancing through his brain like a raging fire.  He paused to allow clarity.  The girls are in the back office of Toads with Mitchell and a couple of his friends.  Mark knows what happens there.  Darcy told him, when he tried accepting the fact that she slept with other men for money and with him for love.  She told him after they’d made love; mocking any commitment he believed they shared.
In the image he conjures up, the three dancers are naked.  The slut named Colleen, who Mark reasons to be the one responsible for dragging Darcy into the deviant practice, is on her knees, ready to receive a male offering.  Mark announced his presence and holds the gun out before his unwavering sight.  The weapon is steady in his hand and feels warm.  In the vision faces blur.  Only Darcy’s expression is burnt into his memory.  Six rounds, all that is required, propel through the room.  Six bloody holes, in six bodies, opened wide to the eyes of a dream.  The spray of vital fluid coats a desk, a chair and a wall.  
None survive.
One face stares blankly into the world of death; pleading for mercy he can’t give.  He has locked sight on this face many times during orgasmic bliss.  Her final climax is received in death.  He closes Darcy’s dead eyes with blood stained fingers.
Mark shook his apparition away with a shutter.  A young girl, high school aged, wearing a short white skirt, passed by.  He followed her long legs with his eyes.  He would drive north on route 12 past Toads.  He would ensure that the dumpy vehicle the girls used for transportation occupied a space in the parking lot, then he would wait until the gun in the glove compartment screamed for vengeance.  If the weapon remained silent, he would heed to its will.  If it spoke to him, Darcy’s world would end.

***

“Tomorrow night… ten o’clock,” Mitchell verified the engagement with the individual on the other end of the phone. 
“And the new girl?” The question crackled through the speaker on Mitchell’s phone.  He’d installed the expensive contraption a month ago and he still felt undecided about its value.
“Made the proposition… she accepted.”
“Easy… or hard?” The speaker asked. “I saw some innocence waiting to be ravaged.  Don’t break my heart and tell me the girl is too eager.”
“I won’t do no such thing… she was quite hesitant.  I believe I may have even seen a tear.”
“Good… I love the ones who still cling to innocence.  Inform them that we’ll meet at the usual joint.  One of my guys will drop off the payment in the morning.”
Mitchell listened to the tone of the empty line for a moment before closing his end of the connection.  Cal Jones was good for the payment.  The girls would be safe and a little richer for their wear.  He wondered about Melanie.  The scared girl had been barely able to perform the act he demanded from her yesterday, but Cal insisted on the inexperienced blonde.
“Mister Jones is throwin’ a wild party for some dudes?” The question resounded from the doorway.  Jake Brown, Mitchell’s most reliable bouncer, leaned against the woodwork, supporting his muscular frame.
“Yeah… it’s his brother’s birthday and Cal’s got some new kick.  The new girl’s in his viewer.  He’s suddenly got a hard-on for the lack of experience.”
“And suddenly Mister Jones is an instructor as well as everything else?”
“Don’t bite the hand that feeds you… Jake.”
Jake brushed a stray lock of black hair from his forehead and tucked it behind his right ear.  His mane hung to his collar, lifeless. “I think the chick’s gonna freak.  She barely has it in her to show her titties on stage, you think she’s gonna spread her legs for a price?”
“Not forcing her.”
“I don’t think you gave her a choice either.”
“Look Jake… I don’t pay you t’ think.  I pay you to use that brawn of yours to keep assholes out of my place… nothin’ more is expected… or appreciated.”
“Just statin’ an opinion,” Jake replied.
Mitchell looked up from his desk.  His expression no longer showed any relic of doubt. “Don’t,” he demanded firmly. “You’re paid only to ensure the safety of my girls… nothing else.  Is that understood?”
Jake nodded his agreement as Mitchell picked up his phone, choosing to ignore any further comments from his well-paid employee.
Chapter 21




The chapel, on the first floor of the hospital was empty.  A few wooden pews and a don-denominational cross welcomed some who never before sought the guidance of the almighty.  James knelt and began reciting a prayer known since childhood.  He paused halfway through and studied the varnished piece of timber mounted high on the wall.  He needed to say more than a memorized prayer, regardless of God’s all-knowing existence.
“I know this gift is from you.” In his heart gifts and curses were synonymous.  Faith told him that his inner workings couldn’t be shielded from the mind of God. “Satan isn’t capable of delivering a gift… or curse like this into the world.” He pondered his whispered testament and decided he believed it. “Why Margaret… and why can’t I do for her what you allow me to do for others.”
The image of Godfrey Utes drifted into his mind.  He believed his own delay in dispelling the curse led to the deaths of those close to him.  Godfrey was old.  When those surrounding you are also late in years, death usually makes itself present.  Faith never took hold in the old man’s concept of life.  James struggled to keep from fighting the fall into its grasp. 
“I don’t understand your will.  I’m told it’s not mine to understand.  Keep Margaret in your embrace… and if you’re going to take her… do it quickly.” 
His final plea to God was his truest testament of faith.  The statement ushered in a sense of letting go.  Maybe some needed second chances while others didn’t and we, as needy creations, desired to hold on to those who were purest among us.
The doctor told Donna Richards that Margaret might hold onto life for a day, maybe two.  It was best to prepare for the inevitable.  James wondered if pulling one’s self back to this reality came with choice.  Margaret sensed fear in her return.  Her relationship with James would force her to face the horror of her past.  His theory had no basis; neither did the healing touch in his fingertips.
He told Donna he would return.  Any decisions to pull plugs belonged exclusively to her.  He asked her to only wait until he was present.  He lied about needing to visit a friend.  He left his associate nameless and used vague masculine pro-nouns in reference to Julie.  He possessed no real cause for secrecy other than a contrived relationship with Margaret and the proposal of a little red dress described as ‘quite short’.

***

The corridors of the hospital seemed empty, despite the hour.  Sickness chose to party in Margaret’s room and those spaces where the lonely lie in stasis, somewhere between sight and blindness, life and death. 
A young nurse in an alcove guarding a wing filled with ill children busied herself with the attentions of two male orderlies.  Her eyes, wide behind the thick lenses of her glasses, ignored all but the tall thin predators before her.  Mumblings of an unintelligent conversation drifted through the air, each guy trying to outdo the other with tales of prowess.  The nurse, mesmerized by the colors of each suitor’s feathers, listened intently to every word bragged. 
James found the room again.  The stealth of the previous night was unnecessary.  He didn’t need the eyes of sentinels to be blinded when mating rituals worked just as well.
He didn’t expect silence in the room.  His expectations were met.  He knew his touch healed.  He knew he’d been called to this same room last night for no other reason but to take an illness away and replace it with health.  The young boy sat up in his bed wearing a baseball cap depicting a cartoon likeness of an oriole’s head on a sea of white.  Four adults gathered around the child’s bed, mother, father and two grandparents.  James heard joy and excitement in every word uttered amongst the group.  He wished to share the happiness, but knew it wasn’t his.
The younger of the two women turned and caught sight of the stranger at the room’s entrance.  Her gaze drew a look from the man who James decided filled the father’s role in the young boy’s household. 
“Sorry,” James falsely apologized. “I’m in the wrong room.”
The boy looked at him, neither welcoming nor discouraging the stranger’s part in the celebration.  James knew the child recognized the shadow from last night’s dream; the one where a visitor in the dark touched a sick boy, and the world changed.  The corners of a tiny thin-lipped mouth curled up in a slight smile.  For a moment James was concerned betrayal might spring forth from the only tongue in the room able to identify where miracles really come from.
“You all have a nice day,” James added to his request for forgiveness.
He turned from the bewildered gaze of parents whose prayers had been answered, by a God they questioned over a sickness.  Two people who might lose the glue holding them together.  Two people, who dealt every vice in their lives on the table before the Almighty and promised devotion in return for healing.
“It’s a wonderful day,” the mother said before returning to the cluster of laughter encompassing the four walls of the hospital room.

***

Julie Lindquist arrived at the Waterford nightclub a little before nine.  The linebackers turned bouncers didn’t card her.  A benefit attributed to the short red dress and a smile loudly stating ‘I’m available’.  She drew the stares of a couple men near the entrance, hunters in search of prey.  Both were older, late twenties, early thirties, and short on attractiveness.  She tugged at the hem of the dress, wishing it were slightly longer.  Her mother offered to watch Tasha, and Johnny, her brother, planned on staying home for once on a Friday night.  Since he turned sixteen he’d become a sexual prowler, like the men who eyed her at the door, sneaking around, looking for long exposed legs and any deep cleavage in view.  Julie feared his future might be the same as Tasha’s biological father, jumping from bed to bed, occasionally leaving a present in a plaything’s womb.  She pulled at the hem of the dress again and hoped James Hart would show.
Since the accident she’d felt a glimmer of hope for her brother.  His sarcastic outlook on life seemed to have gone on hiatus.  Julie hoped the vacation would be long lived.  Her own view of existence took on more positive attributes since being pulled from her wrecked car on the Gold Star Bridge.  Life didn’t have to be a waste of breath. 
At the bar she ordered a Coke.  Her tolerance for liquor was poor.  Most of her unfortunate decisions made with men came after a couple drinks.  Tonight she wanted to keep her head unaffected by the poisonous viper.
An obvious stare, from a guy with a fresh drink, caressed her legs while she waited for her soda.  She chose to ignore him when her baser instinct screamed for her to poke his eyes out.  Her opinions of men changed drastically with Tasha’s birth.  
A twenty-one-year-old male believed her to be eighteen when she was only a month past her thirteenth birthday.  Her undeveloped view of her sexuality saw their intimacy as some crowning glory.  In retrospect he committed a crime, even though she invited him to lie with her.  From that moment, in the arms of her first lover, until she discovered she was a pregnant fifteen-year-old, men satisfied a single sexual purpose.  The reason for having a male in her life evaporated with her rounded belly and a runaway sperm donor.  In a way she hated men, because of one man.
James Hart probably wasn’t any different.   
“Jules Lindquist,” a voice at the bar, in front of a refilled beer, said, “haven’t seen you in quite a while.”
She couldn’t place a nametag on the guy speaking to her.  He inspected her chest while the male with the leg-caressing stare sought out other thrills standing at the bar.  If she wanted to compete for both their attentions the other vixens wouldn’t have a chance. “Haven’t been out much,” she replied as the face tried to register an identity in her memory.
“Can I pay for your drink?”
“It’s only a coke… and I’m meeting someone.”
He nodded to her and backed down from any further effort to pick up his short dress target.  He surveyed her garment and the skin showing from beneath, one last time, before deciding the guy she waited for was a lucky son-of-a-bitch.
Julie looked toward the main entrance, eager for James Hart and wondered about her reasons for arranging this meeting.

***

James preferred the quiet.  He lost interest in places like Septembers about the same time he decided to longer waste his efforts on girls who prowled the nightclub scene, ready to indulge themselves in single night affairs.  He felt a few years too mature for the crowd.
Sized up, the doorway guardians had a way of inspecting anyone who challenged their male egos.  He watched them inspect a couple, card both the guy in his mid-twenties and his barely legal date.  The male received a hard measuring stare; the female was fondled by sight.  They entered and James followed, uncontested.  Music ripped through an array of speakers located near a dance floor.  Wall-to-wall bodies lobbied for a free void to shake in each other’s arms.  A good portion of the couples on the floor or at the bar had shown up alone, but wouldn’t be leaving without a mate for the night.
The girl in the short red dress stood out.  He would have recognized Julie even without the dress.  Someone as cute as the little blonde wasn’t easy to forget.  She leaned her backside against the bar and spoke to a guy beside her.  The dress left little to the imagination, but James wasn’t here to envision or take part in anything sexual.  Margaret neared death, and this was the last place he should be, meeting Julie, whose intentions were obvious.  Right now he should be at Margaret’s bedside, praying for God’s divine mercy, trying to understand why his touch didn’t heal those he cared about.  He felt drawn to the flashing lights, to the gyrating bodies and the drunken male attempting conversation with Julie.
She noticed him and waved a hand in his direction.  If he were here for no other purpose than to be with Julie, he would hate himself in the morning.  Quickly he analyzed the relationship, which hadn’t taken the chance to blossom between he and Margaret.  If they chose to stay in bed on Wednesday morning, they would have avoided the accident.  James wondered if he were drawn to the bridge, just as he felt drawn to the hospital room last night, and the bar tonight.  He and Margaret were not lovers.  Past and present horrors secured that reality.  They were good friends, nothing more, two people who chose to avoid an intimacy they weren’t ready for.
Julie moved toward him, from the bar, as he finished analyzing his behavior.  Her legs were long and perfect.  Her breasts filled the flimsy top of her dress like overripe melons begging to be squeezed.  Behind her he watched the guy she’d been speaking to slip from his barstool and into the crowd.  He was drawn here, but not to the blonde, not to a moment of passion destined to leave a crumpled red dress lying on the floor.
Chapter 22




Mark Towne knew Julie Lindquist from the days when her belly first showed signs of roundness.  Her baby’s father and he were cohorts, bouncing between bars, backseats and strange bedrooms with girls who drank too much.  The guy who impregnated the cute blonde jailbait was doing life in a state penitentiary for aggravated assault, armed robbery and two counts of murder.  He wondered if Julie heard from him, or if she kept his child.
Obviously she didn’t recognize the sidekick referred to as Townie; otherwise she would have let him buy her the coke she drank.  She was waiting for someone else, typical, so was he.  Only his date wouldn’t be showing up at Septembers.  Instead she’d be showing off her naked body to roomful of men, feeding their fantasies with her sultry looks and rounded hips.  
She motioned to a guy across the room.  Julie’s date was dressed in blue jeans and a sports shirt.  Was the guy she waited for a boyfriend or a first date? Mark couldn’t tell, but the question tumbled through his mind nonetheless.  Julie’s date focused on Townie for a moment, a challenging stare.  Mister sports shirt and jeans possessed a vibrant form of jealousy beneath his flesh.  Mark Towne related to the beast’s nature.
This place reminded him of where he first met Darcy.  The night held memories of her naked legs wrapped around his bony hips, pulling him deeper.  He knew what Darcy was from the start, still he went there, to places warm and moist, and hoped he could possess her enough to change her.  It wasn’t a good thing, to think about Darcy, not after a few drinks and a couple interested glances from available women.  
Maybe he could vent his anger on one of them, the enticingly dressed bitches who smiled in his direction.  Julie would have been possible prey, if her soul weren’t enraptured around another guy for one night.  He knew of her.  He figured rumors about Julie Lindquist touched pretty close to the truth.  Give the blonde a couple beers and her pants, or dress didn’t stay on very long.  His attraction to women like her led him to Darcy Cavino.  The same path needed to be walked down tonight.  He felt it in his core, domination and possession of something cheap and used.  If he didn’t settle the pounding forces in his brain, the gun in his glove compartment would lead him back to Darcy.  He closed his eyes and saw her naked on stage, completely, dancing for men who purchased her privately.  Tonight, in a few hours, after sex with a nameless one-night stand his rage would find release.  Anger and frustration brewed deep.  Whores were inexpensive objects for male gratification, and nothing more. 
He watched Julie lead her boyfriend back to the bar.  They seemed cozy, but girls like Julie and Darcy were always inviting to men with whom they accepted brief surrender.  From a darker corner of the room he studied their movements, the way she smiled, touched his shoulder and giggled.  All signs that she was a target, offering him a bull’s-eye.
“Guess you’re taken… for tonight,” he mumbled to himself in reference to Julie. “Would have been a good time.” His attention drifted across the room.  There were many other prizes who would be eager to unwrap themselves for his pleasure.  Two caught his attention.  His radar homed in on their table.  One communicated an angry looking facial expression on some tall skinny kid.  She wore a backless halter-top.  In a way he felt bad for the kid, whether he was a date or some guy practicing pickup lines, caught in the wrath of a bitch.  The price one might pay to venture into these waters tasted bitter.  The light made it difficult to see every detail, but Mark thought he could make out a tattoo on her left shoulder blade.  Her female companion was a thin blonde, ugly in his estimation, but worthy of a single night after the right number of drinks.  The homely one seemed unwillingly attached to an unconfident looking male, buddy of the dude who’d just been down throttled.
He enjoyed watching battles and tiny skirmishes between couples.  Some had no future beyond the next morning, others might survive the weekend, and then there were those who thought it was possible to find true love in a few too many drinks at a pickup lounge for the lonely and desperate.
Both guys left the table.  The angry glare of the haltered brunette followed them.  Once she and her blonde friend were alone she offered a newly fashioned expression to males of interest.  She wore the look he liked most, easy.

***

They took a table in a far corner, in a void, unseen to a blinded world.  Julie didn’t sit across from James.  She took the chair to his right.  He felt a surge of discomfort caused by her nearness and amount of exposed flesh.
“Glad you came,” Julie said, “wasn’t sure you would.  How’s your friend?” She asked, changing beats without a breath. 
“Not good,” Margaret wasn’t the subject he wanted to share at the moment.  Guilt slithered through his self-evaluation, sitting in a shadowed corner with a tempting blonde who seductively drew him from Margaret’s bedside.  
He caught sight of the male Julie had been talking to at the bar.  The guy settled at a table with two girls, one blonde, one brunette.  James found his mind relieved that the guy glued himself to a chair within range of his sight.  Why was his attention drawn to the hunter and not the huntress sharing his table?
“Can’t you do… like you did for us… and Shannon?”
James barely caught the resonance of her question against the musical background.  He didn’t want to answer her query directly. “I did nothing,” slipped from his mouth without thought.
“Bullshit,” she whispered.  She reached to his hands on the table and enfolded them in hers. “You have an amazing gift… that’s what my brother thinks anyway.  He thinks we may have experienced something mystical… or religious.”
“And what about you… what do you think?”
“I’m a little more… skeptical,” she confessed. “It’s my nature, been screwed over too many times t’ jump into any belief.  So why doesn’t your touch help… your friend?  She is your… friend right?  I mean friendship is one thing… a lover is something else.  You’re here with me… and somehow that wouldn’t seem right and all… if you were something more than friends.”
“Been friends for a long time,” James admitted, pondering the reality of his statement, “never really considered being anything more.” Or had they.  He feared that dilemma would follow him to Margaret’s graveside.
“Sometimes that’s the way it is… I guess.  We have friends… and risking that friendship on love can be dangerous.  It always seems we end up either hating or marrying our lovers.  I’d say we marry about twenty percent of them and divorce half of that twenty percent.  So it’s a ten percent chance that a friend becomes a lover and remains a friend.”
“A mathematician.”
“In a little red dress.”
“Well it does make you stand out in the crowd,” he offered.  The guy, a small portion of his attention drew toward, rubbed the exposed back of the brunette, covering her tattoo with his pale hand.  The blonde seemed uncomfortable.
“That’s the intention,” Julie replied, looking down to her cleavage.  James tried desperately to avoid the view.  He had failed. “Bought this a few months ago, haven’t had much opportunity to wear it… being a mom and all.  Doesn’t leave a whole load to the imagination.”
“You don’t owe me anything,” James inserted the stray thought and wished he remained silent instead.
“Oh… that’s good… because I couldn’t possibly pay you back.”

***

“Saw ya jawin’ it up with the dude who was just here,” Mark Towne said to the brunette to his right, the blonde he ignored. “Is he your boyfriend… or worse?”
“He ain’t nothin’,” she responded.  Her black eyes studied Mark’s features.  She approved, as she would of most men. “Just a jealous ex… who thinks he still owns me.”
“He doesn’t look too threatening.”
“He ain’t… but some of his friends are mean bastards.”
A round of drinks came to the table.  Mark ordered a beer for himself and two rum and cokes, one for the brunette and one for her homely friend.  The blonde looked over his shoulder toward the front of the club.  Obviously the two ex-or-almost-boyfriends were watching.  Mark chose not to grant them the satisfaction of existence.  Alcohol gave him courage, not as much as the loaded pistol in his car, but enough to ward off a confrontation with the tall skinny guy and his playmate.  The brunette could do a lot better than the string bean.  The blonde, on the other hand, should settle for whatever she got.
He rubbed the brunette’s exposed back, preparing to be admonished.  She allowed his touch.  He knew girls like her permitted much.  Mark felt the gaze of a jealous nature bear down on him.  It took every ounce of will he possessed, not to turn around and smile at the vanquished.
“So what’s your name?” He asked the brunette.
“Does it matter?”
“No.”
“Sometimes it’s more interesting when you don’t know each other’s names.”
“Total strangers.”
She smiled seductively. “I’ve had a bit too much to drink and Michael…”
“Who’s Michael?”
“The tall guy… who was hasslin’ me.”
“Your ex?”
She nodded. “He knows… that when I drink I get a little crazy.”
“Crazy?”
“Kinky… and horny… he knows… and I ain’t with him… so he knows I’m gonna be with someone else… tonight.”
She finished off her drink while Mark fought the urge to follow the direction of the blonde’s stare.
“Do you wanna take me home?” The nameless brunette asked.
Mark felt the game flowed a little too easily.  He sensed disaster and swallowed it down with a long drink from his draft. “What about your friend?”
The homely blonde looked directly to his face, her attention drawn from trouble at the exit to foolishness in full bloom.
“Gayle can get her own ride home… right?” The blonde didn’t react to her friend’s assessment of the situation. “And Michael is nothing to be afraid of,” the brunette continued, “and you do think I’m worth a little name callin’… don’t you?”
His confidence began to dwindle.  He imagined the tall skinny kid with a half dozen friends gathered at the door, staring into the back of his skull with desire to eradicate the pestilence.
“I…” His voice caught in his throat as the brunette pulled the plunging v-neck of her halter to one side.  She nearly exposed her puffy nipple.
“I want to leave… now,” she demanded.

***

Julie intended to simply talk.  James felt relieved.  She couldn’t get beyond her supposition of a miracle on the Gold Star Bridge.  As much as she claimed it was her brother’s conviction, James began to sense her belief in the possibility as well.  He preferred being canonized over having to perform the role of sexual prey.  A week from now things might change, but for now he wished to wallow in his confusion without making matters worse.
The guy he’d been watching got up from the table.  The brunette linked his arm, sealing a deal for the night.  She straightened the front of her halter as they moved toward James and Julie’s private alcove.  They left the blonde unattended at the table, nursing her rum and coke.  
“Do you know him?” James asked Julie as the couple passed their table.
She looked up and first evaluated the female’s strut and the length of her short leather skirt, then answered. “Yeah… they used to call him Townie… or somethin’ like that.  He was a friend of Rondo’s.  A little on the sick-o side… surprised he never joined Tasha’s old man in jail.  Townie always liked a strange brand of woman and that doll seems right up his alley.  Why do you want t’ know if I know him?”
“Do you know who the girl is?”
“No idea.  You know… you are a weird sort and all.  Glad I didn’t have any romantic illusions about you.”
“Look… that morning… on the bridge, all I did was sense danger and react.  A lot of people would have done the same.” He couldn’t understand why he had redirected their conversation back to the bridge.  Maybe he needed to justify the occurrence in terms they both comprehended.
“A touch of psychic… along with a touch of healing.”
“No,” James insisted as he turned to watch Townie and the brunette leave the bar.  A force urged him to move, to follow the couple into the unseen.  He felt a sense of dying, much like he felt on the bridge and in the Cal Ripken fan’s hospital room.  He’d been sent to heal on those occasions.  He needed to move.
He rose from the table without excusing himself.  What little attentiveness he offered Julie’s desire to understand evaporated.  She stood to follow.  He was barely cognizant of her movement.  The world beyond the front door, in the dark parking lot, beckoned him.  He could not refuse its call.

***

The tall skinny guy posed no threat to Mark Towne.  His three bodyguards did.  Mark noticed the support group as they got out of a dark colored sedan a few spaces from where his vehicle was parked.  The trio wore white open necked shirts and dark pants.  The brunette told the truth when it came to the skinny guy’s friends.  They appeared mean and Mark didn’t think he was being deceived.  Based on the company kept, Mark figured the girl’s ex-boyfriend was obviously the favored son or younger brother of some businessman who delved in illegal activity.    
The girl trapped him in some foolish game she probably played quite often.  Mark knew he should have been wiser.  Two lovers having their nightly slap-around signaled nothing but trouble for any interloper.  The excitement in his loins baled out.  His heart thumped louder than the exploding base from inside the club. 
The group stood at the rear of Mark’s rented wreck.  When they approached he had yet to open the passenger’s side of the car, having decided to pause and taste the nameless girl’s lips and tongue first.  He fondled a breast, slipping his hand beneath her halter.  He hadn’t been quick at removing his fingers from her hardened nipple when the confrontation began.  That made the situation worse.  
The gun, tucked away in its safe hiding place, would save his face from a battering.  He considered whether or not he could move quickly enough to reach the weapon before they were on him.  He could pull the girl between them and buy a few extra seconds, but the goons would tear through her like paper.  The failed effort would only serve to increase the intensity of their rage.  
“Don’t mind them,” the brunette said. “He don’t fuckin’ own me.” She turned her attention toward her ex-boyfriend.  Mark almost went for the handle on the door, but froze with uncertainty. “You hear that asshole,” she taunted her ex. “You don’t tell me who the fuck I sleep with.”
“Look,” Mark began to state his truce, “I have no desire t’ get between anything with you and your girl.”
“I ain’t his fuckin’ girl.” The brunette’s anger seemed to lunge at Mark now, rather than the skinny guy. “Just because I slept with him a half-dozen times… that don’t mean I’m his.  I slept with Pedro behind your back,” her shouting changed direction again. “Does that fuckin’ piss you off too?”
The skinny guy turned a hard look toward one of his mean looking friends.  The recipient of the stare failed to make eye contact.  He appeared to be of Spanish decent.  Mark figured his name was Pedro.  
“I’ve no idea who you are,” the skinny guy said, “but you’re moving in on territory you have no business in… that is of course… unless you wish to pay for Stacey’s services.”
“I’m not for sale,” the brunette, who was no longer nameless, barked. 
The skinny guy smiled at her fierce response. “And I don’t think your new found friend is in any mood for buying at the moment.  You see there are a few lessons to be taught here.  Stacey you need to learn your place… and your new friend needs to learn his.” He motioned to one of the guys beside him, a tall muscle bound blonde.  Mark considered the door handle again, and continued to hesitate.  The blonde hulk grabbed Stacey by the wrist and pulled her away from the car.  She made a minor effort to fight him off, but surrendered without much defiance.
“Look… ummm… I’ll just get in my car and leave… we’ll consider this just a… misunderstanding.”
“Can’t do it that way… much as I’d like.  You see I have a rep to maintain.  You step on my territory… make an effort to sleep with my woman… without my consent, you step on that of my whole family.  Names are important… especially family names.  Takes time to establish a name in any business… a reputation.  It’s important to your level of success.  Don’t you agree?”
Mark wanted to agree; instead he decided to finally act.  He grabbed the door handle only seconds before the first meaty fist cracked a couple ribs.

***

James saw four men and the brunette with the halter-top walk away from an area out of reach to artificial lighting.  They appeared to be in no hurry, although the girl seemed less than eager to accompany her companions.
“Where’s Townie?” Julie said from behind James.  He barely paid attention to the fact he was followed.
James watched the five figures slip into two late-modeled cars and leave the parking lot.  None of them glanced in the direction of he and Julie.  One of the vehicles squealed its tires, as they caught pavement and turned left on route 1.  The shadows toward the back of the lot beckoned him.  James gave into the trance and followed.  The pealing dark blue paint on the trunk of an older Plymouth grabbed his focus.  The barely audible moan directed him toward the rear passenger’s side of the vehicle.  A blood-filled gurgle broke through the blackness where the parking lot lights failed to reach.  James didn’t need a medical degree to know the guy nicknamed Townie chocked on his own life fluid.  James knelt, vaguely aware that Julie stood behind him.
“Is he…?”
“Close,” James answered, scarcely able to offer any attention to the blonde in the tiny red dress. “His lungs are filling.  They must have beat him without mercy.” He touched the rear fender of the car.  A sticky damp fluid stuck to his fingers.
Julie opened the front door of the Plymouth, casting a dim light on the lump of flesh by the rear tire.  James knelt and placed his palm in the same fluid, which was sprayed on the car’s quarter panel.  The head injury felt massive.  James imagined Townie’s head being slammed against the car and the pavement.  He wondered how so much damage could have taken place in so little time.
“Can you heal him?” Julie voice came out into the night air as a soft whisper.
James didn’t answer.  The trance owned him.  He touched Townie; in the same way he had laid hands on Julie, her brother, Tasha, Shannon and the fan of Cal Ripken.  The surge within his body passed through his outstretched fingers and into the unmoving form.  There had been no sensation in his fingers when he set them on Margaret’s flesh.  For reasons unknown he was not called to heal her.  Live or die, the outcome of the injuries Margaret Richards sustained was not for him to decide.

***

The body on the pavement healed.  Julie moved against James. “Is it like on the bridge?” She asked.  
The stoic expression of the man who dragged her from her wrecked car and her shattered life bore into her flesh. “What you see here,” he stated firmly, “can not go beyond this place.”
She felt the seriousness of his words.  The mystery of James Hart excited her.  She wished to be taken into the arms of this man who either worked miracles for God, or some demon.  He moved from Townie’s car as the figure on the ground slowly rose to his feet.  For a brief moment she considered going to the fallen friend of her child’s father.  He and Rondo were lost souls.  Rondo’s second chance came behind prison bars; Townie’s came at the touch of James Hart.
James moved through the lot like an apparition.  She remembered the morning on the bridge, she would never forget any of the details, he was there, ensuring their safety, then he left without a word.
“James wait,” she called.
To her surprise he stopped and turned toward her.  She took off her heals and ran barefoot to him, wanting an embrace, a kiss and maybe something more from the man who gave her a second chance.  She approached him cautiously, prepared for rejection.  He pulled her to him, forcefully.  She rose up on her toes, hoping to taste his lips against hers.  She received much more.

Chapter 23




“So why him, why someone like Mark Towne?” Julie asked.
“I don’t have any choice in the matter,” he answered.  This conversation was not one he expected to share with Julie Lindquist.  She pressed her naked breasts against his bare chest as he raked her yellow hair with his fingers.  Their lovemaking had been intense; the afterglow was soft and tender.
“When you spend it on someone like Townie… it’s kinda just wasted.  I mean… you said you only get t’ do this seven times.  Leaves you with one more chance to heal someone and you’ll pass it on this time… right?”
“It’s not up to me to decide.  Second chances… we all need them.  Maybe some deserve them more than others… or some are close enough to the right track that they don’t need a second chance.”
“Like your friend.”
He hesitated for a moment before responding.  His hand traveled over the small of her back and caressed her curved butt.  When it came to feelings for Margaret, he felt completely immoral.  His friend was dying.  Regardless of whether she could ever be a lover, her life neared its end, and here he was, laying in the arms of a girl drunk on hero worship. “Yeah,” he finally confirmed, “guess Margaret didn’t need a second chance.”
“I did,” she kissed his neck with her confession. “Probably gonna need a third and forth chance at getting’ it right.  I could never be a nun.” The soft light in his bedroom illuminated her smile.
“Why not?” He teased.
“I like men way too much.  Makes it hard to be anything other than what they say I am.” She licked her lips before kissing his mouth passionately. “Can I tell you a secret?” She asked after rising up for a breath. “Well… it isn’t really a secret… most know, those I’ve been in contact with… they know.”
“What?” James knew what she hinted at.  Julie Lindquist had a reputation.  She slept around.  Rondo hadn’t been the only guy to share intimacy with her.  He waited for Julie to define herself, wondering what array of harsh phases she’d throw together to form the definition.
“I’m a whore,” she said plainly.
“I’m not much different,” he responded without thought.
“No… there’s a world of difference between us.  I’ve done things you can’t even imagine.”
“Try me.”
She shook her head, refusing to go deeper.
“Ya know,” James began softly, “the night before the accident… I almost made love to Margaret… right here.” The concept didn’t seem to surprise her.  She rested her head on his pillow, looking in his direction. “We didn’t.”
“She refused you?”
“She had her reasons.  Anyway, we’d been friends for a long time.  Acquaintances… would be a more fitting description I guess.  A couple hellos in the morning, small talk during the day, have a nice evening at night.  We worked together.  I didn’t really find her attractive… and I was with someone else.”
“Oh.” Her comment slipped out for no other reason but to remind him she was listening.
“Her name was Sheila… upper management type… a bitch… a snob.  We broke it off last weekend… but it was long overdue.  I think we come from two different worlds.  Margaret and I were on one end of the spectrum… and Sheila was on the other.” James chuckled briefly as he paused. “The only thing that kept me with Sheila was her drive for sex.  This was the strength of the relationship.  Arguing meant making up with wild tumbles in the hay.”
“And you took up with Margaret as a rebound?”
“I don’t know the answer to that.  Margaret was always there.  I took her for granted… only there are some scars running deep in her soul.  It’s questionable she would have ever gotten beyond them.” The past tense, He spoke about Margaret as if her time on earth had already elapsed.  His spirit felt void.  He wished his second chance hadn’t been given.  Like Julie Lindquist he would probably need third and forth chances before he would get it right.
	“Is that why you took me here, to take what Margaret wouldn’t give?” She asked the question without a bit of anger.  Her hand wandered over his chest and stomach, pausing at the edge of his curly forest of pubic hair. “You could do me again… if you’d like… before I go home.”

***

Mark Towne nursed a late night coffee at a corner donut shop.  He pieced together the evening, surprised he’d been left in one piece by the three thugs.  His ribs felt bruised.  His head ached.  He must have passed out and they left him, hoping his lesson had been learned at the expense of a few punches.
There had been a couple in the parking lot, walking away from him and toward another vehicle parked beneath a lamppost.  He felt as if they had been near him as he laid unconscious.  The girl was definitely Julie Lindquist.  The light in the parking area radiated against her blonde hair and her red dress.  The guy must have been the one who met her at the bar.  His face seemed recognizable earlier, from across the dance floor, in the florescent glow of the parking lot Mark reassessed the familiarity of Julie’s friend.  They left together.  Julie, with her short dress and naked legs, her date in faded jeans.  He remembered touching his scalp, prepared to find an open wound.  There was blood on the side of his face, but no origin for the flow.
“Refill?” A waitress asked.  She was bulky, probably tipping the scales at three hundred pounds or more.  Her white skin reminded Mark of a porcelain doll his mother displayed in a curio cabinet.  Shave off half her weight, maybe twenty of her forty something years and she might have been attractive.
She began to pour the dark brown fluid from a glass pot in response to a simple nod of his head.
“Three cups of coffee at this hour,” the waitress said, “must not be plannin’ on sleep tonight.”
He wasn’t planning to rest until he figured out who the skinny dude named Michael was.  The guy must have been important, linked to a family with connections.  On a whim he considered asking the obese waitress about the tall skinny beanpole who surrounded himself with beefy thugs.  Maybe after the next refill he’d define the frail male to the female fortress.
At the opposite end of the counter an older man nursed his own brew.  The waitress shared a brief anecdote with him.  The short story ended with a slight chuckle.  Mark waited for the woman to make eye contact with him.  When she did he looked away.  What good would it do him, knowing who skinny Michael was?  He didn’t have the balls do really do anything about it, unless he used the gun.
He turned on his stool and surveyed the blue Plymouth parked out front.  He reassured himself that the doors were locked.  Since depositing the gun in the glove compartment locking the doors had become a priority.
The waitress, her name tag read Helen, wiped a space along the counter where some earlier patron ate a powdered pastry and drank coffee.  The heavy woman was usually on shift when Mark stopped by.  She seemed to always have midnights and probably always would.  She turned toward him again and this time he didn’t advert his attention quick enough.
“That’s the second time I caught ya starin’ at this large bod of mine.  Can’t be that much of a turn on now… can it?”
Mark looked at his coffee.  His reflection stared back.
“So what’s on your mind Towne?”
After a moment’s pause he said, “You remember Julie Lindquist?”
“She the little blonde that asshole DeCosta knocked up?”
“Rondo.”
“Call him what you like.  I think his first name is still asshole.”
“I saw her tonight… at Septembers… in Waterford.”
“Never been there,” Helen responded.  A portion of her attention seemed fixated on the coffee maker.
“She hasn’t changed much.”
“Wouldn’t figure she did.”
“You’ve been around… well not like Julie… I mean…”
“I know what you mean.”
“Some folks just know people… a lot of people.”
“And others sleep with them.” The waitress smiled with thick lips. “Ain’t slept with very many, so I must be one of them that knows people.”
Mark nodded, reserved.  The mammoth waitress almost made Julie’s method of meeting people sound preferable.  Beneath all that flesh lived a woman who wanted to be desired. “You’ve worked here for quite a while.  People come in… talk… the late crowd.”
“You, Julie and the asshole.”
Yeah,” He agreed, “but we’re not the only ones.”
At the other end of the counter the old man got up.  He tossed a few coins beside his empty coffee cup and made his way toward the door.
“Thanks Harvey,” Helen called. “Bring a couple more good jokes for tomorrow night.”
“Will do,” a dry voice answered from behind Mark.
The donut shop was empty.
“I saw a couple people tonight,” Mark continued before the waitress could consider their conversation ended. “Feel I should know them… two guys… about my age.”
“And you think I might have some idea who these… guys are?”
Mark carried on without answering her question. “One… I didn’t get a really good look at him, but I think he was in the news… the accident up on the Gold Star.”
“Your friend Julie was involved in that.”
“Yes… and I think this might have been the guy that pulled her and her kid from the wreck.  He was with her… kinda cozy and all.”
“Could’ve been.  Seems to me Julie would sleep with anyone who saved her life.”
“Do you know who he is, this guy from the bridge?”
“News identified him as James Hart… lives in Norwich… works at the boat.” Helen possessed a reliable memory when it came to newspapers and television.  There wasn’t much else in her life, no clutter of relationships, no desires for fancy clothes, or anything material for that matter.  
“That deal on the bridge… he was some kind of hero… right?”
“If you call pullin’ a few folks from vehicles who’s gas tanks are near igniting… that’s pretty heroic.”
“Yes… and Julie was one of the ones he saved, so that why she was all starry eyed over him.”
“So there’s one down.  You said guys, plural.  So describe the second dude to me… so I can get back to cleaning up.”
“I ain’t seen this guy on the news or anything.  Just thought you might know of him… being that this is your stompin’ ground and all.”
“And I have nothin’ better to do but keep a who’s who in Southeastern Connecticut donut shops.”
Mark tasted her sarcasm.  Would a man, a desperate one, ever try getting past the attitude and the folds of flesh in quest of a relationship?  He couldn’t imagine being that lonely. 
“Guy’s first name is Michael,” he finally said, “skinny, tall… real tall… maybe six-six, jet black hair.  Hangs with a brunette… a looker, tattoo on her shoulder blade.” With his right hand he reached over to touch the back of his left shoulder.
“White… black?”
“Very white… pale,” Mark answered, “especially in contrast to his dark hair.”
“Does he come with own little bodyguard staff?”
“Yeah… a few big thugs.  They didn’t hang out with him inside the club, but they were with him in the parking lot.”
“They work for his brother… Calvin Jones.”
“Shit.”
“That about sums it up… Cal Jones, pimp, drug dealer… rumor even has it that he’s got his hands in the porn business.  You know,” she added secretively, “I haven’t been able to verify this… but I understand Cal Jones is the money behind the strip joint on route 12 up in Plainfield.  The one called Horned Toad’s… where that girl you were hangin’ out with dances.  He’s also involved in a couple clubs in Hartford and one over in Rhode Island.”
The thought of Darcy ran through Mark’s mind before Helen even mentioned her name.  He imagined her working on stage at Toads and at private parties.  He knew Cal Jones paid the girls well to perform for him.  Darcy was always on the docket.  How many of those big thugs had been rewarded with Darcy’s velvety insides?
“You know, if I’m right,” Helen continued, “good ole Michael Jones is celebratin’ a birthday this weekend.” She followed the lives of local criminals as if they were celebrities.  Sick and demented, the late night cretins of the donut shop shared their interesting tales.  With a well-tuned ear she listened and cataloged each story. “Calvin always does it up big for baby brother… girls, hookers… the kind who’ll do anything for a couple hundred bucks.”
Chapter 24




“Getting’ easier each time?” Colleen asked the thin blonde sitting on the edge of her bed.  Colleen leaned back against the wall, just inside the room. “I think you’re gonna do okay… tonight.  Get some sleep… make sure you have a couple drinks or pop some pills.  Cal always has plenty on hand… makes the first couple times you do this kind of thing… a little easier.”
“What was it like for you?” Melanie asked quietly.  She adjusted her white over-sized tee shirt over an exposed thigh. “I mean the first time you agreed to… party like this… with Calvin.”
The moderately sized bedroom had a single window on the wall opposite the door.  Colleen crossed the room and stared out into the parking area behind their building.  The taller blonde was barefoot and wore nothing more than a pair of light pink panties and a white tank top. “To be completely honest… I was frightened.” She turned back toward her friend.  Melanie seemed frail, freshly showered from one night’s disgrace, frightened of the humility of the coming eve. “Darcy’s right, you don’t have t’ do this.”
Melanie sat at the junction between two worlds.  In one reality she was a girl with some degree of innocence still intact.  She sought communion with the godliness she’d lost.  In the other she felt hopelessness.  In the darker world she wore a thin white garment, purity’s faded veil.  Demons of her deepest fears were poised to rip the fabric from her flesh, leaving her naked and in Lucifer’s embrace.
“I think I crossed the line already… In Mitchell’s office.”
“Tonight you’ll be crossing the line.  Right now you can still go back.  You can say ‘I made a mistake’.”
“There’s nothing to go back to… no one,” Melanie said, struggling to keep her voice above a whimper.  She looked up at her friend by the window, willed her eyes not to tear up and asked again, “So what was it like?”
“I got high… real high.  I wasn’t with Cal and his cronies.  I went to Mitchell’s place and was broken in… I guess that’s as good a way to put it as any… by him and Jake and a guy that used to hang around the club.  I think his name was Tommy… died in a motorcycle accident.”
“Three guys?”
“Yeah… I didn’t think I could ever do somethin’ like that.  I’ve seen a few porn flicks… figured the girls in those films were absolutely desperate, or were morally corrupt.  Never thought I’d be the same.”
“Were you desperate?”
“Aren’t you?” Colleen threw the question back at her friend.  Both queries went unanswered. 

***

Mark Towne had trouble finding any kind of rest.  Caffeine was only partially to blame.  Cal Jones, his brother Michael and Darcy Cavino troubled him.  He imagined holding the loaded gun, which now sat on his nightstand, pointed at the girl.  She would be naked in front of him, begging for her life.  She owed him at least that much.  
Then there was Michael Jones, the skinny creep.  How much power could Mark and his weapon have over Cal Jones’ kid brother?  Without the gun, Mark would find it hard to face Darcy alone.  Her vile words were capable of biting into his flesh with pointed teeth.  He rolled onto his side, facing the nightstand.  He watched the weapon, as if it would leave him if he let it out of his sight.  Sleep intended to evade him.  He rose from the bed and stepped into a pair of black jeans.  Before he left the room he tucked the gun into his waistband.  A sleepless night was a chance to prowl.  If there was a chance that this coming night was going to lead him to Darcy, give him dominance, allow him to humiliate the bitch, then he needed to know where Calvin Jones and his hooker entourage partied.  One of the other dancers would know and to save her skin all loyalties were likely to evaporate.
A surge of energy rushed through him.  The pistol in his hand was his to control.  Tonight, when Darcy begged for her meaningless life, he wouldn’t give in to weakness and he wouldn’t listen to her pleas for mercy.  He knew he could easily pull the trigger after a little practice.  If he chose to make Darcy pay the ultimate price he needed to be prepared to take others as well.  The dancer he chose to extract information from, the un-loyal slut, would bow her head as sacrifice for a much higher cause than her wasted breath.

***

Shannon Stern considered the girl in the neighboring apartment to be nothing more than a party animal, out all night, sleep all day.  The woman with an array of tattoos and flaming red hair seemed crass and outspoken.  Shannon suspected she worked in a club, probably as an exotic dancer.  If more men had wandered through the apartment’s door on a nightly basis, Shannon would have concluded her neighbor’s career bordered on prostitution.  As it was, Shannon kept her distance.
Due to the all night all, day aspect of her life, the neighbor crashed through her apartment at the ungodly hours of one or two a.m. at least three or four times a week.  Shannon considered confronting the issue.  She gave into the silent intimidation of tattoos and the woman’s vile nature.
Tonight the tattoo pallor chick announced her arrival home just after one.  Timothy always slept through the barrage of noise, just as he had when arguments turned loud and ugly between her and Matthew.  
Shannon hadn’t gone upstairs to her bedroom yet.  Sleep during the past few days and nights came sparingly.  She wasn’t tired.  On this lingering night of second birth she felt fear beneath her flesh.  She was scared and since Wednesday morning, on the bridge beneath a perfect sky, she felt more frightened than ever.  Sometimes the truly fearful can be surrounded by peace and still sense the violence to come.  Shannon Stern tasted the concoction brewing in the caldron.
Matthew called earlier in the evening, not long after seven.  It took him a while to get up the nerve.  He’d seen her on the news.  She assured him that Timothy had been with her parents and not in the car.  He asked if she was okay.  Some might have thought the sentiment sweet, but she knew Matthew Stern for what he truly chose to be.  He would forever search for happiness, without ever finding it.  He kept the true joys of life at arms reach and made no effort to close the gaps he created.  She pitied the person who fell for his well-performed role as the sensitive guy.  She played into his menagerie once; she wouldn’t be led there again.
He asked about the young man who reportedly pulled her from her vehicle.  She didn’t consider James Hart to be all that much younger than her, obviously Matthew did.  She found a tinge of jealousy in Matthew’s line of questioning.  Did she know the young man?  Had he been in the vehicle that caused the pile up?  Did she talk to him much after he rescued her?  Matthew’s interrogation made little sense.  She almost informed him that yes, she survived, he would still have to pay child support and Timothy would continue to sleep under her roof.  She bit her tongue and failed to shoot back.
The conversation, which started with concern, ended with defensiveness.  Their verbal exchanges always concluded in the same manner.  She slammed down the receiver first, or did he?  All that she really needed from Matthew Stern was a support check.  His false sensitivity he could sell on the street to some pathetic hooker.

***

The first response Mark received, when the dancer he knew only as Phoenix answered the door to her apartment, contained her favorite four-letter word.
“What the fuck do you want?”
He’d been at the apartment twice in the past, both times with Darcy.  Phoenix didn’t befriend many of her co-workers, but she and his ex-flame had attitude in common.
“Was in the neighborhood…”
“Do you have any idea what the fuckin’ time is?”
Mark considered the girl’s constant use of profanity.  Darcy swore in a similar manner and she spoke filthy when between the sheets.  At first Mark didn’t find the lack of tender phrases appealing.  In time though, he found himself excited by Darcy’s bedtime vocabulary.
“I wanted t’ stop by,” Mark began. “I mean… after all… I do know the routine.  You just got in from work.  It’s the weekend.  Thought you might be lookin’ for a friend to party with.”
“And you thought I might want to be with you?”
“I’m not exactly everything Darcy makes me up t’ be.”
She went to close the door and added, “Get the fuck out of here,” as the pendulum swung.
“Wait!”
She hesitated for a moment, long enough for Mark Towne to sell his product. 
“Two hundred bucks,” he offered the thin crack of light filtering out from the apartment’s living room.
“And what makes ya think I’m willin’ to sell to you?”
“Two hundred for a couple hours.  The cash can always help out… and all you have to do is entertain me for two hours.”
“Darcy always said you were good for nothin’ more than five minutes.” Her voice softened as the door reopened far enough to reveal her face.
“Maybe that was her short coming.”
“Doubt it.”
The inside door opened completely.  Phoenix unlatched the lock on the storm door and allowed him entry.  He took note of the flowered sofa and an unmatched chair.  The room possessed a single lamp on a single end table; its glow filled the room.
She closed the door behind him and reassessed their verbal contract. “Two hours… no overnight crap and you use a condom.” She walked across the length of the living room into the kitchen where another light burned from the overhead fixture 
 “Do you have a beer to offer?”
“Your two hours started when you walked in the door.”
“Understood.”
He heard the refrigerator door open and close.  He felt the weapon tucked in the waist of his pants.  He unzipped his windbreaker, but kept it on, conscious of the bulge the gun created.  Phoenix came back into the room with two open cans of cheap beer.  The label on the cans should have advertised urine.  He always stayed away from the inexpensive brands, but a few sips of this garbage was all he needed to get business rolling.  He took a seat on the couch.  She sat next to him, sideways, with a leg curled beneath her.
“I hear Cal Jones has a party goin’ on tomorrow… actually tonight… for his brother.” Calvin’s illicit gatherings wore a sore spot in Phoenix’s nasty attitude.  Darcy once told him that Cal Jones didn’t consider the tattooed redhead attractive.  He hated her skin art.
“Who the fuck cares about Cal Jones and his fuckin’ orgies?”
“Pays pretty decent.”
“If you’re into that kind of deviant shit.”
“Any idea where the party’s gonna be at?”
“You payin’ me for sex or for information about Darcy’s sex life?”
“Why’d you go and bring Darcy into the conversation?”
“Always the same two whores,” Phoenix stated after a long gulp of her beer.  The girl’s feminine side was lacking. “I guess Calvin gets to purchase what he likes.  It’s his fuckin’ money and time.  Hope you’re not gonna come up short on your end of the deal.” Her expression threw flame from the green orbs dominating her face.
“No way… came for a purpose.”
“Got a case of serious loneliness?” 
Mark chuckled slightly.  Phoenix had a dry sense of humor.  He liked it.  Too bad he wouldn’t be experiencing much more of her hidden luster.
“So where’s the party at?”
Phoenix stood.  She wore a one-piece sleeveless outfit.  The artwork covering both shoulders was on display.  The front of the jumper buttoned from the low neckline to her crotch.  She methodically began to release hidden flesh from its shelter.
Mark sipped his beer and watched.  He decided to let the girl strip completely before asking his question again.  He didn’t like the fact that he was going to have to ask a third time.  Answers to direct questions should be given in the same fashion.

***

Dreams, sometimes they sing you into a deeper sleep, occasionally they shake your inner core abruptly and the world conjured by the subconscious blends with the real.  Shannon woke to a loud sound, a crack of thunder from a non-existent storm.  In her dream she had been climbing without destination.  On the cusp of the interrupting sound she fell, a ruptured branch in her mind, she couldn’t recall if she were in a tree or on the edge of a cliff.
She rose gingerly from the sofa.  The real world hadn’t yet welcomed her all the way home.  No footsteps on the floor of the room overhead signaled Timothy’s awakening.  The boy could sleep through a gunshot.  She pondered the thought for a moment.  The abrupt sound could have been thunder.  It could have also been a bullet, fired through the barrel of a deadly weapon.
She shook off the last thought.  She placed unwarranted judgments on the life styles of those living in the apartment complex.  She imagined drug dealings and prostitution rings doing business behind the walls to either side of her.  In actuality she knew the neighbor against her living room wall was a middle-aged man who kept to himself.  She found herself wondering if he touched children inappropriately.  She constantly warned Timothy of strangers.  Again she chastised herself for being so negative about people.
The apartment to the opposite side, where the tattooed dancer lived, offered silence.  A clock set on top of her television offered the time.  She noticed the hands positioned at twenty minutes before two.  She had not slept for long.
In the interlude between days the world seemed dead.  In a way she craved silence.  A medium to contemplate what life gave her today.  She reflected on the living aspects of existence and felt deaths grip steal it from her.  She breathed deeply and knew each new breath came into her lungs as an undeserved reward.
If the world around her had not been so quiet she might not have heard.  An engine turned over, out front of the cluster of apartments she referred to as a temporary home.  She moved to the blinds over the front window and separated them enough to peek through.  A car sat in the darkness and slowly pulled from the curb without lights.  She could ascertain little about its color or make.
She decided to go up to her bedroom for a few hours and try to fall back to sleep.  Before climbing the stairs, she double-checked the time.  Two o’clock was still ten minutes in the future.  
Chapter 25




“No changes,” Donna Richards informed James as he walked into the room. “The doctor stopped by and now feels that she may be stabilizing.”
“Does he think she might come out of the coma?”
“Not likely.”
James walked over to the bed and stood by it in guilt.  He felt his sinful union with Julie Lindquist rush over him.  Infidelity covered his soul, even though there were no promises between he and Margaret to be unfaithful to.
“I’m not going to have the plug pulled,” Margaret’s stepmother informed him. “Her father wouldn’t have wanted that.  He would have trusted in miracles.  Mind you… I don’t.  Sometimes I wonder what he saw in me.”
“Maybe what drew him to you… was the person you are right here.”
“How so?”
“You don’t need to be here… but Margaret has no one.  So you stay… hope and pray, even though you doubt the effort will bear any fruit.”
“She has you.”
“I’m not much to have… believe me.  I ignored Margaret’s efforts to draw close to me for a long time.  I felt pestered.  Then suddenly my eyes opened… and I realized Margaret was attractive in a way she didn’t care to show.  I didn’t befriend her because I was suddenly turned on to her as a person.  I befriended her because I was lonely… she was lonely… and I…”
His voice trailed off and left silence in its wake.
“When did you realize you had feelings for her?”
“I was trying to explain that everything that… almost happened… happened out of a need which had nothing to do with love.”
“I didn’t say anything about love… feelings.”
James paused for a moment, not knowing if he wanted to know the answer concealed within his response. “At my apartment… when she told me she wasn’t ready for sex… to make love.”
“If you were callous, without any feeling for her, you would have just… entered her.”
“Yes,” he admitted. “She told me… in the morning… that I should have.”
“See… maybe the two of you were using each other to satisfy a need.  You needed to get beyond loneliness and Margaret needed to prove she could be with a man.”
“Any man?”
“I didn’t say that.  She trusted you.  She probably knew that if she panicked and told you to… back off… you would.  The feelings that made you hold back and not take from her what she wasn’t ready to give are probably very similar to the feelings she has for you.  Be it as it is… not love, but an emotion which makes you care deeply for each other.”
Guilt wouldn’t leave him.  It had nowhere to go.  He looked at his hands.  He had one more person to touch.  The curse needed to become an ancient memory.  Last night in the parking lot he felt sullied by contact with the one Julie called Townie.  The four on the bridge deserved second chances.  The Cal Ripken fan deserved another chance.  He doubted Townie deserved another breath in this life.  His judgment cast, he knew the giver of such a tainted talent had to be Satan.

***

The morning sun filtered through the apartment window.  Shannon heard the television playing downstairs.  Her alarm clock, which she hadn’t set, read ten-fifteen.  She never slept late and knew the best part of her day was wasted.  Slowly she got out from under the sheets and threw a bathrobe over her nakedness.  Before tying the garment closed she inspected her body in the full view mirror on the back of the door.  She needed to be desirable to men.  Matthew left a scar on her psyche, which made her wonder.  Did men see her as a sexual object?  They once did, before she married Matthew.  She never hungered for dates and she turned away a few advances engaged on stealing her virtue. 
She tied her robe closed.  Her stomach regained most of its firmness after her pregnancy.  Her breasts were rather small and didn’t sag much, thanks to their lacking of volume.  Maybe it was her attitude toward men, which kept relationships at a distance.
“It’s not like you’ve been divorced… single,” she hated the word meant to announce the destruction of a marriage, “for years.”  She rehashed her conversation with Julie in the park.  The young girl had her sights on James Hart.  She couldn’t blame her.  Somehow she knew Julie usually got any man she set her heart on.  Whether or not Julie’s heart possessed any truth was another matter.
She left her room and headed down the stairs.  The television was a bit loud.  Timothy sat mesmerized by Bugs Bunny.  The world could have ceased to exist and he wouldn’t have been the wiser.  
“Good mornin’ mom,” he said without taking his eyes off the antics of the wise assed rabbit.
“A little loud… bud?” She responded.  Timothy had only recently started getting out of bed early.  He was a responsible kid and she allowed him certain liberties, the television, cold cereal and milk.  Normally she was up within a half hour after he woke, but this morning he’d been up nearly three hours already.
“Did you hear that bang last night… mom?”
“What bang?” For a moment she didn’t remember the loud sound, which forced her from her dream.  The subject of her mind’s interlude evaded her, but the gunshot, or whatever it was, remained.
“It was real loud… and came from over there.” He pointed to the wall adjacent the staircase.  The tattooed dancer lived in the apartment on that side.
“Did you hear anything else?”
“I was awake… but it scared me.”
“Timothy… what else did you hear?”
“Just talkin’… the lady’s voice… it was loud… and there was deep voice, like this,” he lowered his voice, getting more bass in his small voice than she thought possible. “I listened at the wall.  I know you said not to do that… but…”
“It’s okay that you listened… what did you hear?”
“He sounded mean… the man.  I think he got mad… real mad.  Then there was the bang.”
“Were you still listening at the wall?”
He shook his head. “I went back to bed… that’s when I heard it.”

***

“We neeed to ask you a few questions.” The detective who spoke was black.  His skin was a dark midnight shade.  He looked down on Shannon from his height of six and a half feet.  His partner appeared older, white, bald and less than six feet. 
She sat on the sofa in her living room, slowly beginning to settle down.  News of her neighbor’s death had come as a shock, even though she expected the worse when calling the police department.  A cruiser, with two uniformed officers, showed up within ten minutes.  Now the apartment complex flowed with a steady stream of dark blue uniforms.
“You said you heard a loud sound in the middle of the night?” The black detective asked.  Earlier he had introduced himself as officer Stevens.  His partner’s last name was Slokov.  Neither of them offered their first names, strictly business.
“I didn’t think it was a gun… or anything like that… but it must have been.” She hadn’t told them that Timothy also heard the shot.  Getting him involved in a murder investigation was something she wished to avoid.  The boy was much too young to have to deal with the cruel realities of the world.  The fact that daddy’s didn’t always love mommy’s forever was enough to deal with.
“Were you aware of the time?”
“I think it was going for two-thirty.  I’d fallen asleep… thought I heard something fall I glanced at the clock before going upstairs.”
“And your son was undisturbed?”
“He’s a very sound sleeper.  He slept through most of the arguments my ex-husband and I had before we divorced.” She cursed herself inwardly for mentioning that she was one half of a broken marriage.  Subconsciously she wanted them to know she wasn’t simply a single mom who birthed a child out of wedlock.  Her life had been nearly perfect before Matthew chose not to love her anymore.
“Another witness said they saw a vehicle pull away from the curb out front within a few minutes of the gunshot.  You wouldn’t have happened to have seen the same vehicle?”
“No.  Like I said… I didn’t even think it was a gunshot.”
“Did you often stop by Miss Davis’ apartment on Saturday mornings?”
Prior to this morning Shannon had no idea her tattooed neighbor wore any moniker.  Ten hours after the girl had been shot and killed she learned that the name Laura Davis would mark the grave of the exotic dancer.
“No… I don’t stop over there often.”
“Why this morning?”
“The sound I’d heard in the early morning… I should have responded earlier… but I never thought it might have been a gunshot.  It woke me out of a deep sleep.  Once I thought about it this morning… maybe she’d was still alive for a while.”
“I doubt it,” the detective named Slokov finally spoke.  Shannon was surprised to find he didn’t have a Slavic accent. “She was shot in the chest at close range.  Not much chance she lived for another breath after that.”
Stevens handed her a card.  Norwich Police Department, the address, a phone number and the name Ronald Stevens hand printed in blue ink. “If you think of anything… or hear anything… especially about the car that was out front around the time of the shooting…”
“I didn’t see the car,” she reminded him. “I looked at the clock… and went upstairs.  Anyway it was dark out.  If I had thought to look outside for any reason… wouldn’t have seen much.”
“You can never rule out the possibility that some small detail might suddenly stand out.  For instance, whether or not voices were heard next door.  Might narrow the killer down to male or female,” Slokov said.
The black detective took the floor again, once his partner finished. “I’m hoping someone in the complex saw something.  Maybe we missed them… didn’t get a chance to ask our questions.  You might hear something.”
“I don’t talk to my neighbors.”
“It’s not a horrible thing to do.” Detective Stevens extended a black hand with long fingers toward her.  She shook it. “Hope to hear from you,” he added.
Detective Slokov moved to the door quickly.  She wondered how much it mattered in the balance of the world, if one less stripper took her clothes off on a stage.
“Detective,” she said, Steven’s offered his attention, Slokov stepped outside. “You don’t think this was random… I mean… the killer probably knew her… right?”
“Given the girl’s line of business… I’d say… it’s very unlikely that this was random.  Some perv probably staked her out.  Or she offered a good time to the wrong guy.”
“Then you think it was a man?”
“The girl was naked… we don’t know if she’d had sex with her killer.  The guy’s an assumption.  Don’t know.  Miss Davis may have liked it both ways.”

***

It wasn’t unlike James to show up unannounced at his brother’s home.  Joanna answered the door.  Jonathan had taken Stephen and Stuart to a local high school football game.  She and Samantha were sharing a girl’s afternoon in.
“Sorry I just stopped by unannounced,” he apologized while Joanna poured him a cup of stale coffee.
“It’s been on the burner for a while,” She explained.
“Coffee’s coffee,” he commented, “even if the thickest cream can barely turn it gray.”
“Something’s eating you,” Joanna said.
Samantha raised her arms to be picked up.  He lifted her without responding to Joanna’s concern.
“Anything to do with the accident?” Joanna continued the line of questioning.  James knew she wouldn’t stop until he gave credence to her concern.
“Sorry I haven’t come over and shared much with you guys.”
“In time… once you’ve thought it all through.  You’re an awful lot like your brother.”
Samantha hugged his neck.  If he had any ailments worth curing, her tiny arms around his throat healed them.
“Your friend’s not doin’ well?”
“There’s a little improvement… from yesterday to today.”
“Still in a coma?”
“Yeah.” Samantha hugged tighter.  Her chubby legs gripped his rib cage.
“Sometimes the body just needs to heal… that way.”
“That’s what I keep reminding myself.  Can’t figure out why sometimes all the answers are right there in front of us… clearly defined.  And at other times it’s like everything is mystical… meant to be taken as faith.”
“Down,” Samantha’s request interrupted his effort to explain life.  Once on the floor she ran from the room on her short legs.
“Green Eggs and Ham,” Joanna commented with a worried smile.
“My favorite.” Before tiny feet scampered back into the room he added, “Tomorrow, maybe we can get some time to talk… you, me and Jonathan.  At the moment Unka Jam has more pressing issues to deal with.”
 
Chapter 26




They left the city limits of Norwich, driving through Taftville, then heading north along River Road toward Lisbon.  Melanie sat in back fighting the urge to vomit the bile in her empty stomach.  She hadn’t eaten all day.  Her legs felt clammy beneath her short blue jean skirt and her white tube top covered little of her upper torso.
Darcy drove.  The vehicle belonged to Mitchell, a black Mercury Grand Marquis, less than a year off the showroom floor.  The luxury car contained every option available.  Beneath the long hood a 302 V8 purred.  The petite driver seemed absorbed by the vehicle’s size.  
Darcy picked Melanie’s outfit out, insisting Calvin Jones would like the short skirt and the way her nipples poked through the fabric of the tube top.  The garment barely concealed the shape of Melanie’s small breasts.  Darcy wore a black mini, slightly shorter than Melanie’s skirt, and a black halter-top.  Colleen, in the passenger’s seat, decorated her attributes with a short red skirt and white halter.
From state route 12 Darcy turned the Mercury onto a weathered gravel drive.  They followed the wide trail to the right, toward the river and pulled up in front of a long corrugated metal building.  The structure appeared to be a warehouse of some sort from the outside.  A single overhead door with an unmarked van pulled up to it completed the façade.  Tax records listed the property as belonging to a construction firm known as Jones Brothers Contractors.  The brothers hadn’t built or fixed anything in over three and a half years.
Melanie noticed three other vehicles.  The blue Cadillac was familiar.  Calvin Jones owned one.  It was often parked outside of Toad’s.  A small sports car and an LTD sedan sat to the Cadillac’s right. 
“That’s Michael’s car,” Colleen instructed, pointing out the sports car, “brand new… and real fast.”
Darcy snickered. “Guess if anyone’s gonna know about fast… it would be you.”
Colleen looked into the rear seat.  Melanie wondered if nervousness detailed the expression on her face.  “You doin’ okay?  Lookin’ a little on the pale side.”
“Wouldn’t be smart t’ turn around now,” Darcy added.
“You’ll be fine… right Mel?” Colleen confirmed. “I mean… if I have this figured right Calvin’s gonna want you t’ only have sex with his brother.  It’s like you’re a big warm birthday present.”
“That’s why he asked for you,” Darcy confirmed logically. “You’re about as unspoiled as they come in our line of business… and Cal doesn’t want Michael in the pants of girls like us… not that little bro doesn’t frequent seedy stables.” 
“All you need do is pretend he’s some dude you had a hot crotch for in high school,” Colleen added her comment to the driver’s judgment on events effecting their world.  Neither assessment settled Melanie’s stomach.
From a side door a guy in faded jeans and a striped sports shirt emerged.  He motioned for the girls to enter the building through the entrance he guarded.
“Show’s about t’ begin,” Darcy commented. “No keepin’ the g-strings on tonight.”
The three girls exited their transportation.  Melanie’s knees felt weak when she stood.  She tugged on the hem of her skirt and felt the narrow heel of her shoe slip on a stone.  At the side of the building the guy in faded jeans opened the door, playing gentleman to purchased ladies.  
“So this is your new friend,” he said to either Darcy or Colleen.  Melanie knew he wasn’t speaking to her.  Until she had proven her worth they would talk around her, as if she weren’t a person until she sold her wares.
“Yeah,” Darcy responded.
“Looks fine,” he commented as he closed the door behind them and took up the rear as they passed through a storage area.  Racks to both sides where filled with supplies which probably dated back to a time when Jones Brothers Contractors was more than a stage name.
Ahead of them stood double doors, painted a rusty shade of red and framed into an unfinished sheet rock wall.  A sign read ‘Private’ in bold white letters against a black background.  Beyond the doors was an office, a room purified of the dust and grime the outer storage area offered.  Darcy didn’t hesitate; she opened the doors into a world vastly different from the one they just passed through.  Cal Jones stood at a bar, which might have once graced a gathering hole in one of the nearby towns.  A couple circular tables were surrounded with cushioned chairs.  At each end of the room there were two doors leading to other spaces, separated for privacy.  One door was opened.  Melanie could see a bed with a white sheet covering a mattress. 
She thought of running blindly back out of the warehouse.  She needed air and the room seemed to lack anything breathable.  What was she doing here?  She asked herself the question and received the same answer she always did.  She wasn’t worth anything else.  Ryan Todd drilled that into her head during their relationship.  He found her when she was most vulnerable and he abused that aspect of her personality and spirit.
“Welcome ladies,” Calvin Jones offered a greeting.
Melanie counted two other males in the room besides Calvin and the guy who ushered the three of them through the warehouse.  Her belly turned in its acid and she felt closer to dry heaves.
“And you must be the new girl,” their host continued. “Tonight we’re celebrating my brother’s special day.  I have half a notion to save you for him.  Like a special present… don’t you think she’d make a real nice present Michael?”
A tall thin guy stood and moved from one of the tables toward Melanie.  He drooled lust from his eyes and simply stated, “Not bad.”
“Then you can have her… little brother,” Calvin responded.
Melanie’s heart raced in her chest as the thin guy moved closer.  She wondered what the other half of Calvin’s notions consisted of.  Could it be much worse than spending an hour with a guy she felt was unattractive?
“Any of you girls want a drink?” Calvin asked.
Melanie slipped away from Michael Jones and moved to the bar.  Her stomach didn’t need alcohol at the moment, but her brain did.  Michael followed her.
“Whadya want?” He asked with a slight slur.  The brothers and their friends had previously popped a few drinks down the hatch.
“Something strong,” she answered without considering the consequence of an empty stomach.  She noticed Darcy nuzzle up to Calvin Jones.  Colleen took a seat with the two guys who Melanie considered to be paid protection, rather than friends.  
Michael handed her a drink.  Melanie thought of downing it in one gulp and came close.  She tipped her head back and let the excessively strong mixture of cheap whiskey and coke flow to her belly.
Michael touched her.
His hand stroked her breast.

***

He turned off the radio as he pulled the rental car with the peeling paint to the side of route 12.  Mark Towne caressed the weapon beside him on the seat.  Fear of using the gun vanished when he pulled the trigger and watched the expression of surprise twist across Phoenix’s face.  From close range he couldn’t miss and the hole in the dancer’s chest was evidence of that.  He wouldn’t be able to get as close to Calvin, Darcy and the rest of the attendees at the orgy.  There could be no witnesses.
Phoenix informed him, before her untimely, yet necessary death, that Michael Jones was celebrating his birthday at an old warehouse along route 12, a site where the family once ran a respectable business.  The party was a good excuse for getting together with a few paid whores.  
He waited until no traffic invaded his sight in either direction before getting out of the car.  Quickly he moved into the thin line of trees between the road and the Quinebaug River.  He followed railroad tracks at the river’s edge and turned north.  A few hundred yards up river he moved back into the trees.  Ahead, in a clearing, a light gray Butler building loomed.
When Phoenix identified the place where Cal Jones preferred to entertain his friends Mark didn’t need directions.  He summarized the conversation they’d shared during the last fifteen minutes of her life.  Evidently Phoenix entertained Calvin Jones a couple times, before he tired of the redhead’s body art and foul attitude.  Calvin recently developed a liking for the tall thin blonde named Colleen and for Darcy Cavino.  Phoenix informed him that three girls would be at the upcoming party, Darcy, Colleen and a first timer named Melinda.  Calvin Jones was bringing in the new girl as a present to his younger brother Michael.
With the two Jones brothers in attendance the group’s total summed up to five.  Phoenix also made him aware that two or three other guys might be in attendance, bodyguard types, worthless thugs skilled only in the use of guns, drinking booze and abusing women.  She described the warehouse as having a single overhead door in the front.  A side door, which he now studied from behind a clump of brush, locked only from the outside.  The door was padlocked unless Calvin entertained inside.  Once he got passed the door she informed him the sailing would be clear until he reached the office space at the opposite end.  
The room beyond the warehouse area was equipped with a few beds, a bar, two or three round tables with chairs and an open space for the girls to shake their butts and leave their clothing on the floor if dancing was on the agenda.
He knew he wasn’t far behind the arrival of the three girls.  Once Phoenix fulfilled her purpose he allowed his finger to slip on the trigger.  He watched the redhead crumple on the floor in death and savored the rush of energy her life’s termination gave him.  He wouldn’t think of kidding himself.  Taking out Darcy’s friends while she watched, and then methodically torturing her until she begged for a bullet in the head was going to be difficult.  Killing the tattooed redhead with the arrogant attitude came with ease.
He scaled the crest of the dirt slope, aware that a false step could send him tumbling back toward the railroad tracks and the river.  Quickly he moved to the rear of the building.  No one could see his movements, but he decided on caution.  The element of surprise needed to be on his side of the equation. 
The door at the building’s side was unlocked, just as Phoenix had promised.  A chain and padlock were left dangling from the door’s handle.   He opened the door with care, following the barrel of his gun.  One long aisle of the warehouse’s interior stretched out before him.  At the far end he saw the office.  
No thugs, like those who took him down in the nightclub’s parking lot waited on this side of the double entryway.  Arrogance and stupidity usually brought down those who imagined themselves as all powerful.  Calvin Jones believed no one would dare crash his private parties.  
Once he entered into the office, he knew quick action would be essential.  Phoenix verbally diagramed the room’s layout.  He would expect the bar to be straight ahead, scattered tables and two doors at each end of the room.  Calvin and his brother would be unarmed.  The thugs would be packing.  He needed to identify the location of the paid muscle first.  His first shots would have to be spent in their direction.  After they were down the rest of his plan would fall into place with much more ease.
Phoenix told him he was nuts, going into a hornet’s nest with a pea-shooter.  Her attitude shifted drastically when she concluded he might put a bullet between her eyes.  She had been wrong; he shot her in the chest, point blank. There probably wasn’t a whole lot left to the breast that took the slug. 
He moved closer to the double doors.  They seemed loosely fit and closed against each other rather than a center mullion.   He noticed the strike plates hadn’t allowed the doors to close completely.  He gave thanks to swollen wood and lunged at both doors with outstretched arms.  
The element of surprise gave Mark Towne all the advantage.  His sight registered two muscle bound thugs and Darcy’s blonde friend, doing a lap dance to his left.  His first shot made direct contact with guy not benefiting from the blonde’s gyrations.  His chair hit the floor a hole penetrated the center of his chest.  The other guy reached for a weapon on the tabletop.  A wild shot from Mark missed everything.  A second shot struck the blonde in the side of the head.  A bullet flew in Mark’s direction.  Had the blonde not fallen against her john’s right side the slug would have found its home.  His next shot hit the second thug in the throat.
He spun quickly to the opposite side.  A couple at the other table scrambled for cover.  The girl wore only a pair of light blue panties.  The guy was still completely clothed.  Someone yelled, but Mark sensed no formulated language.  He fired another round with purpose.  The guy who had him beaten in September’s parking lot reached for a bloody stain on his stomach.  The girl who was with him fell to the floor as he offered her a taste of his lead.
He fired to the front of the room, a blind shot toward the bar.  He sensed movement behind him.  The girl who had been with Michael Jones sought escape.  For a moment he considered letting her run out into the world in a thin pair of hip hugging panties and topless.  He decided otherwise.  Without thought for words he yelled to draw her attention.  He watched the dark hole form above her left breast.  Realization that his weapon had fired came to him as the girl fell back against the wall.
Mark turned his attention back to his last threat.  Calvin Jones entered his view.  A small handgun had been kept beneath the bar.  The resonance of its bite barely registered in Mark’s brain.  The hot sting in his shoulder did.

***

Without thinking James took the exit off Interstate 395 onto route 12 in Lisbon.  He followed the state route south, expecting at any moment to come upon an accident, with a bleeding body clinging to life.  
Traffic moved without restriction.  No twisted remains of once well-shined muscle cars laid off the side of the road.  An instinct he couldn’t explain lured him on.  He watched the opposite shoulder.  His intuition told him the dying loomed behind those trees.  Homes passed, cars parked in driveways, bicycles on front lawns.  The upcoming stretch of road abandoned human life.  Trees thickened and wild habitats gained dominance.  Ahead a dirt drive blemished the scenery, a break in nature’s profound work of art.  He signaled his intent to turn and slowed the motion of his vehicle.  The dirt access road seemed seldom used.  He straddled a treacherous rut with his front wheels, caught a stone with his rear.  At a clearing the passage opened, revealing the gentle flow of the Quinebaug River.  
He stopped his car.  Had he come here to bring breath to a drowning victim?  This was not the season for seeking private swimming holes.  James walked out to the railroad tracks.  He looked north along the rail.  Life took a holiday.
The initial sounds to draw his attention came from the brush.  An animal scurrying about business only a four-legged creature could care about.  In the fading light of the autumn day he identified no particular species of bird or animal.  
A moan softly followed the disturbance.
James proceeded along the tracks to the south.  A barely audible whimper preceded movement and was followed by naked flesh.  A girl, blonde, dressed in only a low riding pair of light colored panties.  She rose to her knees near the undergrowth at the side of the railroad tracks.  A wound above her left breast left a trail of blood down her stomach.  She tried to stand and failed.  He reached her before she collapsed on her face in the unforgiving gravel.
“Help… m-m-me,” she pleaded into his shoulder.
He separated her limp body from his own and touched the gaping hole in her breast.  Sticky blood coated his fingers.  She coughed and a trickle of red formed at the corner of her mouth.  He opened his palm and cupped her small mound of flesh as a lover might.  Beneath his hand he felt movement.  A foreign object pressed against the meat of his palm.  He pulled his hand away and a bloodied bullet fell to the ground.  The wound began to slowly show signs of healing.  Soon her breast would be as it was, only bloodstained. 
He couldn’t leave her.  Questions about where she came from and who shot her ran through his mind.  He wrapped his windbreaker around her shoulders and lifted her off the ground.  He had walked no more than thirty yards from his car and the girl seemed weightless.  At his vehicle he fumbled with the passenger’s side door, then gently placed her on the seat.  The healing continued to progress, yet she remained unconscious.
James moved to the opposite side of the vehicle, wondering where he should take the girl, once wounded, now almost completely healed, but still asleep to reality.  To the south, a short distance beyond the place where the girl had been, a shot rang out.  He knew the gunfire disrupting the quiet came from the same weapon that wounded the girl in his passenger’s seat.
Light would soon be gone.
While he pondered his next step in life the gun sang out again.

***

If he’d been a marksman his shot couldn’t have been cleaner.  Mark rushed his aim before Calvin Jones could get off another shot.  He hit him in the face, destroying sinus cavities, an eye socket and the right side of his nose.  Darcy screamed, gagged and lost the contents of a couple drinks from her sour stomach.
“Why are you doing this,” she coughed through phlegm and vomit.
“Ain’t got no reason you’d understand,” Mark Towne admitted.  He moved behind the bar, reloading the spent chambers of his gun and gaining full view of his naked ex-girlfriend cowering on the floor, the contents of her stomach coating her legs.
“Psycho.”
“Most likely all the papers will call me that in the days to come.  Headlines… that’s what this is all about.  Who’d think it?  A loser like Mark the Townie comes in here and busts up Calvin Jones’ friggin’ party… one with three whores and a couple goons for protection.  Shit I ain’t ever fired a handgun before pickin’ up this one.  Your redheaded friend… what’s her name?”
Darcy held her answer inside.
He kicked her below her hip, in the fleshy part of her outer thigh.  His swing was on target.  He would have loved to see the bruise the contact would cause, but Darcy Cavino’s time on earth neared its end.
“What’s the whore’s name?”
“We call her Phoenix… I don’t know her real name.”
“You called her Phoenix… past tense.  Blew a nice big hole in her chest.  See it’s just like I did to all your party friends here.  The asshole there… that you were gonna fuck… shit he ain’t got a fuckin’ face no more… does he?”  Shit, guess his days in the sack are all gone.  Then you got the skinny one… Calvin brother,” he resorted to a little singsong with his monologue, “worthless piece of shit.  And the goons… guess they had the wrong guns loaded.” He chuckled at his perceived joke.
“You didn’t need to shoot them all.  Colleen… Melanie they were no threat to you.”
“Witnesses are threats in the worse way.  They destroy the hero worship.”
“What hero worship?”
“The others… you know, the ones who only dream of payin’ back sluts like you.  At my apartment I wrote a little note to the world.  It says Darcy Cavino is a bitch.  She deserves to have her face blown off.  All her friends… they’re no different.  The world doesn’t care about strippers and hookers.  Kill them all; purge the world of their kind and leave the earth a better place due to their absence.
“I’m not gonna make it easy on you babe,” Mark continued. “Slow and without mercy… that’s what you deserve… and it’s exactly what I have time for.”
She swung a foot, missed.  The first shot struck the floor between her legs.  The second took out a kneecap.  She screamed and Mark Towne delivered a jaw smashing kick to the side of her face.  He followed his efforts to destroy any previous dental work with a well-aimed kick to her ribs.  Darcy cried, begged for mercy or death, maybe both.
From his space behind the bar he lifted his gaze from the naked brunette at his feet, toward the door.  The other blonde was gone, the one whose name he didn’t know.  The wound in her chest hadn’t been fatal.  Relying on the chance that the girl might bleed to death was foolish.  He would have to find her, make certain she no longer walked in this life.  A bloody handprint marked the trim by the door.  A witness was in the world.  An observer, one who would taint his cause to gain freedom after the task was completed.
“I’m tired of this,” he said softly.  No one needed to be informed of the fact besides Darcy.  He squeezed the trigger on his weapon.  The slug hit Darcy in the center of her chest as she tried to rise.  It pinned her back.  She knocked four bottles from a storage space beneath the bar onto the floor.  Two of the containers broke.  She spat blood and he fired again.  Darcy Cavino was no longer something worth looking at.
Chapter 27




The apartment James leased was a condominium owned by a friend of Jonathan and Joanna.  For a little over a year the two-bedroom unit served as a place to rest his head.  The units were townhouse styled.  Each dwelling consisted of two bedrooms and a two-car tandem garage beneath.  James owned only one vehicle and a minimal amount of junk.  Now his Monte Carlo sat totaled in the lot where it was towed.  For the time being the garage would shelter his rental.
The girl slept, shock and blood loss, part of the equation that kept her in a distant world.  Her head rested against the window on her side of the vehicle.  She breathed steady and once her eyelids fluttered while they sat at a stoplight.  He prepared himself for her to wake up, full of accusations of perversion.
The overhead garage door opened with the remote salvaged from Wednesday morning’s wreck.  The portal of a dark world welcomed him home.  He thought about the gunshots he heard after healing the girl.  More had either died or were in the process of dying.  Earlier, he called the police from a phone booth beside Dairy Queen in Taftville.  He didn’t identify himself or inform the authorities that one of the victims lived and presently occupied the passenger seat of his rental car. 
“I want to report hearing gunshots along route twelve… down along the river.” He rehearsed his statement before calling.  Blurted it out once he had an officer on the line.  The member of the Norwich police department asked a few questions in a raspy female voice.  In response he simply repeated himself, adding only that he had been in the general area of the Norwich and Lisbon town line.  He hung the phone up, ruled out an ice cream, and drove away.  He angled his car across route twelve to Hunter’s Avenue, deciding to bypass the downtown section of Norwich on his route home.
The garage door slid down behind them once they were immersed in the shadows.  A small light on the door opener remained on for a few minutes.  It cast a faint luminance into the concrete floored space.  He got out his side of the vehicle and unlocked a door leading from the garage to a staircase and the upper level, before retrieving his unconscious passenger.
As he lifted her from the passenger seat into his arms she stirred again.  He kicked the door of the car closed and like a nameless bride he carried her from the garage, up the stairs and into his apartment.  She wasn’t heavy in his arms.  In his estimation she weighed barely a hundred pounds.  One of the bedrooms had a full-sized bed, an unmatched chest of drawers and nightstand.  The other was furnished with a carpet and four bare walls.  He set her on his bed and returned to the living room.  A lamp beside the sofa brought a little light into the gloom.
Once back in the bedroom he perceived her gentle breathing against the backdrop of silence.  The refrigerator kicked on in the kitchen and the normal white noise of society returned.  He felt perverse in his next action.  Carefully he removed his windbreaker from the girl.  In the faded light of the living room’s single lamp he noticed her unmarked breast and her unblemished skin.  He inspected the site of the wound.  A slight bruising remained.  He pulled a blanket from the foot of the bed over her and for a reason he couldn’t identify spoke a brief prayer for the nameless girl and himself.

***

Melanie dreamt of horrible places, where the deformed hands of demons fondled her.  Her father cried from a pulpit as the one member of his flock he couldn’t save perished.  She recognized faces on her side of a huge void, those she considered friends.  They were all like her, children owned by Satan and despised by God.
A disturbance behind her caused the spawns of sin to flee.  She took her eyes off her father and felt lost to his reality.  A face she couldn’t see clearly came from the burning embers.  He walked, with flames licking at his feet, untouched.  When she looked down at her nakedness she saw the wound, a gaping hole above her left breast.  Blood ran down her chest, covering her nipple in a river of scarlet.  He reached for her with a hand of flesh.  Her eyes met his, welcomed the trance he locked her in.  She submitted to his soft, sensual caress.
Awake.  She jolted upright beneath a blanket on a strange bed in a dark room.  She kept silent, allowing her eyes to gradually use the available light from outside to illuminate her surroundings.  She slid from the cover, then reconsidered leaving the room in only a pair of panties.  She wrapped herself in a blanket, bumped her shin against the frame of the bed and forced herself to swallow her cry.
Her memory of moments most recent wore a hazy film.  She remembered loud noises, but couldn’t recall their origin.  Colleen screamed from somewhere in a faded remembrance of the past.  Her friend’s face seemed distorted.
She found a door leading from the room into the next.  Light shone through the crack beneath the closed exit.  With one hand she clutched the blanket at her chest and reached for the cold doorknob with the other.  
She froze in position, as if the next decision were one between grace and sin.  Her father’s favorite word for describing God in our lives pulsated through her mind.  It touched her heart, a song of grace. “In those moments when you stand on the edge,” her minister father said to her many times, “trust grace.”
Sometimes the will of God was hard to grasp.  She’d become a sinner.  Immoral scars marked her soul.  She stood naked beneath the blanket because she chose to sell her flesh to men.  Did grace come down from heaven and touch those like her?  She slowly turned the knob, with a hand no longer cold, but clammy.  
The room beyond, filled with radiance, bit into her eyes, a single light dispelling the darkness and defined evil where it lurked.  She scanned the room once her pupils accepted the onslaught from the burning bulb.  A sofa, a desk with a chair, a small television on a makeshift stand and a curled up body in a worn recliner entered her sight.  Melanie moved from the doorway into the room.  Familiarity dozed in the chair, a face from a dream.  She opened the blanket around her and looked at her left breast.  In the light she saw the trail of dried blood.  Her heart raced in the cavern of her chest.  She fought the desire to pass out.  Slowly she remembered fragments of memories without correlation.
“Who are you?” Her voice asked into the silence.

***

Mark Towne cursed himself.  He got careless.  In his wretched desire to pump multiple rounds of lead into Darcy’s face he forgot to finish the others first.  Now a witness roamed the street with his face burned into her mind.  He looked for her before leaving the site of the faux construction company.  He assured himself she was nowhere on the grounds.  Hopefully she had wandered along the railroad tracks and submitted to blood loss.  His bullet had torn a sizable hole in her chest.  She couldn’t have lived long.
A throbbing in his shoulder drew his thought process to his own needs.  The bullet from Calvin Jones’ weapon entered soft tissue and passed completely through.  Still, he had lost a considerable amount of blood.  His medical skills consisted of the proper use of a band aide.  The wound continued to bleed.
He sat at his kitchen table.  Pacing had begun to cause a painful drumbeat in his head.  The gun, tucked in the waist of his pants caused discomfort.  He removed it and set the weapon on the table’s surface.  Giving death to others had been easier than he believed.  Confidence blossomed with each bullet fired.  The ability to wage death over those who laughed in his face.  The weapon gave him strength and robbed his victims of theirs.
Tired and bloodied, he folded his arms on the table and rested his head.  He needed to seek medical attention.  He needed to sleep.  At the moment he couldn’t decide which need was more important to fulfill.
Chapter 28
 



The initial shock, giving reality to dreams and substance to nightmares, caused Melanie to lose control.  Her back against the nearest wall, she slid to the floor, sobbing into the valley between her knees for friends lost.  Memories rushed back into time.  The sequence of events correlated themselves from start to finish.
“I’m sorry.” 
After her tortured mind unveiled the true horror of her night, the stranger, whose apartment she obviously woke in uttered a simple apology.  What was he sorry for?  She had revealed nothing.  Simple recall, a tainted memory of death and dying, a dried bloodstain on her left breast.
“I was shot.” She projected her voice from over the tops of her naked knees, not quite willing to look into the face of the man before her. “There’s still blood on my… there’s no wound… but I know I was shot.”
“What happened?” He squatted to her level.
“Who are you?”
“My name is James… Hart.”
“It sounds familiar… do I know you?”
Avoiding her question he said, “I heard gunshots and called the police.  Were there others with you?”
“They’re all dead.”
“Who?”
“My friends…” Tears filled her eyes and when the dam could no longer hold back the flood, rivers ran down her cheeks. “They’re all dead… Colleen… Darcy…”
“Were those the gunshots I heard?”
She wished he would stop asking questions, let her morn, scream and punch the wall until every bone in her hand were shattered.
“Comon… stand up,” he spoke like her father would have and offered a firm hand for support.  He led her to a plain brown sofa.  She sat tentatively.  He lowered himself to a cushion beside her.
“You were wandering in the woods.  You asked for help.  You were wounded.”
None of his explanation made any sense.  Holes made from bullets do not heal up and vanish without the trace of a scar.
He held out his hand, five long fingers stretched. “Like this,” he offered a crude demonstration, caressing the air above her breast rather than groping her smallish mound of flesh.  
She remembered.  Pain subsiding, weakness abating.  He touched her in a sensual manner, but for a purpose offering no sexual bond.
“You healed me,” she stated like a worshipper bowing to her god. “But how?”

***

Jurisdiction at the proposed crime scene belonged to the state.  Three cruisers met at the site, each with a single trooper.  They surveyed the four vehicles parked in front of the building and radioed in the plate numbers of each.  Calvin and Michael Jones each had business being on site.  The Cadillac and the Ford LTD were registered to Calvin Jones.  The two passenger, foreign made speedster, belonged to his brother Michael.  The fourth vehicle, a relatively new Mercury was the property of Mitchell Gardiner.  One of the officers gathered the information while the other two moved to an opened door at the building’s right.
“Blood,” one of the officers noted small droplets just outside the door.
“Seems to lead this way,” the other trooper said.  He walked slowly toward the back of the steel structure. “If someone took off into the woods they could be a long way away from here by now.”
“Injury would slow him down.”
“Could be female.”
They moved cautiously over the threshold into the warehouse.  More drops of red fluid led the way.  Two doors ajar at the end of a hallway drew their attention.  They moved without sound, each to one side of the double entryway.  The fleeing perpetrator or perhaps a bleeding suspect, hadn’t closed the doors completely in his or hers wake.  The officer to the right slowly separated the portals of hell and the other trooper studied the carnage without emotion.  
“Looks like someone had a hell of a time here.” The one holding the door proclaimed as he gazed into the room beyond.
The third officer appeared at the entrance to the warehouse.  His shadow was barely visible against the dark sky of the outer world.
“Wasn’t a crank,” the door holder announced. “Wish it was… but that’s a wish I don’t get granted tonight.
“The Mercury belongs to the guy who runs that strip joint up in Plainfield.”
“Gardiner?”
“Yup.”
One of the first two officers entered the room.  He noted the six bodies and although tempted, he avoided closing any eyes, which stared into blind space.
“What do you think was going on here?” One of the other officers asked.
The question didn’t need answering.  The blonde, by a table to the left, wore a white pair of lace panties, and nothing else.  The brunette, with half a face, behind the bar, was completely naked.	

***

“I’m supposed to believe this?” Melanie asked. “The story comes from out of a science fiction novel and not from the realm of real life.”
“I felt the same way… when it happened to me,” James responded.
“And I’m the seventh… you’ve touched?”
“I had no choice… it’s not something under my control.”
“Nor mine?” Melanie asked as she clutched the blanket to her chest.  Most of the tears she was able to cry had flown from her swollen eyes.  He looked at her.  She finally looked back. “You’re the one from the bridge… the other day… last week.”
He nodded.
“How many did you touch… that morning?”
“Five.”
“And they were all healed?”
“Only the four I was meant to heal.”
“What about the fifth?”
“She’s in a coma… in the hospital.  You can’t choose.  Whatever guides this… temporary ability… it calls the shots.  It’s not worth tryin’ to fight the direction it leads you in.  I don’t believe it’s worth it.”
Melanie drew into herself for a moment.  Life was hard enough to grasp without miracles.  Those few bright spots of God’s love shone on the deserving and not the likes of her. “Why me?” She asked. “Why not Colleen… or someone else?”
“I can’t answer that.  I’ve yet to figure out why I was given a second chance.  I’m still asking myself why strangers are all I am… was able to heal.  Seven strangers… people I didn’t know.”
“But maybe you deserve a second chance… because of some inner goodness, or something you need to accomplish in this life.”
“I just draw pictures of submarines.”
“And I…” she paused briefly, uncertain if she should paint herself with exotic colors or allow the dark stains of reality to show. “I’m a dancer.  Not a very good one.” She swallowed deeply. “I take my clothes off… I don’t want to… but I did… still do.  I wouldn’t have been at that party if I wasn’t going to…” She shielded her face in the palms of her hands and hesitated about saying anything more. “My father told me, the body is a temple of the Lord, if we soil our bodies we soil our relationship with Jesus.”
“Your father sounds like a very religious man.”
She lowered her hands and formed them into a steeple beneath her chin, giving the impression of a small, innocent girl entering a moment of prayer. “He was a minister.  He passed away.  For a long time it was just me and him… after my mother’s death.  I’m alone now… have been for a while.”
“I lost my folks a while back,” James offered a fiber of kinship. “I have a brother… and his family to keep me on the not so straight and narrow.”
She smiled; it wasn’t something she thought to do over the last couple weeks.  Nothing in life presented itself as worthy.  She let her curved lips resume their somber position before speaking again. “At the party… we were being paid to do more… than dance.  I was selling my body.  That’s how my father would have said it, selling the body, this temple of the Lord.  It almost sounds worse than prostitution.” Again her eyes filled with tears.
Was it out of pity that he took her trembling hand in his?  She made no attempt to pull away and almost wished for an embrace from James Hart.
“I never did that before,” she needed to confess.
“Doesn’t matter,” he responded softly.  He touched her chin and directed her downcast eyes toward his. “What matters is what we do with the second chance.  That’s probably something your father would have said.”
He shrugged his shoulders awaiting a reply.
She smiled tightly. “I was raised Baptist,” she said without reason.  Stray fibers of yellow hair caught against her damp cheek.  She brushed them aside.
“Then I believe your Jesus is a loving… and forgiving one.”
“There is only one.”
“But some denominations preach him… differently.”
“Guess you’re right,” she conceded before changing the subject from past faith to present turmoil. “So what do we do now?”
“We need to go to the police,” he answered without removing himself from the equation. “By now they’ll have found whatever there is to find.  They’ll identify the bodies of your friends… and their questions will lead them to you.”
“I can’t go like this.”
He shook his head. “My sister-in-law is about your size.  I’ll have my brother drop off something for you to wear in the morning… then we’ll go to the police barracks and report what you know.”
“You’ll go with me?” He had no vested rights in her dilemma.
“Yeah… and we’ll talk some more about what happens now… with this healing thing.”
Her lips curled to a smile again.  At the moment she felt only sadness and knew joy didn’t radiate from her face.  The smile was meant to show she appreciated his friendship, if nothing more. “Could I clean up… and throw something over my shoulders besides this blanket?”
He nodded as she got up from the couch. “I don’t have anything too feminine in my closet… but I’ll do my best.”
Chapter 29




“So what are you up to this time?” Jonathan said from the doorway of the apartment.  He offered an armload of female attire. “Couple choices here, not certain what your new found friend will like.  Joanna says she doesn’t need any of it back anytime soon.”
James took the bundle of clothing from his older brother’s arms. “We’ll talk soon… when it’s over.”
“So it’s not a long term… committed relationship then?”
“It’s not a relationship.”
Jonathan shook his head. “Guess this means no football today.”
“I might still be able to stop by later.”
“No promises though.”
“None.”
“Don’t get too deep in things you can’t get out of.”
“That’s not my intention.”
Jonathan turned to leave.  The older brother seemed to always have his life in control.  Joanna was his guide.  Their children were his foundation.
“Thanks,” James said before closing the door, “and we will talk… soon.”
Jonathan gave the closing door a thumbs-up. “Be careful,” he prayed out loud.

***

“So you’re a fan of football.” Melanie revealed her eavesdropping skills. “Sorry… it was difficult not to hear most of your conversation.”
“My brother and I usually watch the games on Sunday.  His wife makes dinner.  I read my niece her favorite Doctor Seuss classic.”
“I won’t keep you from your family.”
“Do you like football?” He asked, considering the possibility that his guest, who’d fallen asleep on his couch for the last few hours, might have been a cheerleader during her high school days.
“Yes.  My father always liked going to games at my high school.  Sometimes he’d watch them on Sunday afternoons.  I sometimes thought a son might have been a better fit for him… rather than a daughter who wasn’t very athletic.  But I learned a bit about the things he liked… and found enjoyment.”
“There’s more to ministers… and priests than ministering.”
“Yes.” She took the clothes belonging to Joanna Hart from him.  A pair of faded jeans, sandals, which might have been a size too big and a long sleeved pull over shirt made up the bulk of the bundle.  Joanna added a few choices of undergarments.  Melanie didn’t put these on display for viewing.
“After you get dressed we’ll head down to talk with the police.  We won’t discuss the fact that you were shot, none of that needs to be publicized.  You were in shock after what you witnessed.”
“How do you justify not bringing me to the hospital?”
“You weren’t shot… it’s important that nothing about that is mentioned.  The rest I’ll have to make that up as we go along.”
Melanie stood up from the couch.  She stretched and James enjoyed the sensual nature of her form.  Last night he’d given her an oversized New York Giants jersey, the authentic looking type that cost more than they’re actually worth.  Jonathan and Joanna gave it to him as a Christmas gift a couple years ago.  She looked better swimming in the garment than it looked hanging in his closet.  The part of him that wasn’t its purest imagined her on stage, working the jersey up over her narrow hips.  He admonished his seedier self.
“Can I ask a question?” Her request to query him broke his trance completely.  She didn’t wait for him to respond. “How long after… before you were led to heal for the first time?”
“A few days… but it’s not always the same.  I guess the key is to let it lead you wherever it intends.”
“And get it over with.” She looked at her open palms. “Do you think there was a reason why I was your seventh?”
“Probably… but I don’t think we’re capable of understanding.”
“God works that way.”
“I hoped it was God… when I touched the first… healed for the first time.”
“Nothing else can give a second chance… only God, and His reasons aren’t always that clear.”
She went into his bedroom to change from the sexy football jersey to Joanna’s conservative clothing.  James knew the girl in his presence was the daughter of a minister, a man of holiness, and not a stripper.

***

The detective wore Italian looking features set off by a thick black mustache.  A cup of coffee on his desk bore the McDonald’s label.  Wisps of steam still rose over the rim.  His name was Hammond, officer Hammond, as he greeted them when they first sat.
“So you dance,” James figured the detective used the term dance rather than strip so as not to degrade Melanie, “for Mitchell Gardiner… at Toad’s… and you were employed to offer your services at a private party thrown by Calvin Jones.”
Melanie only nodded.  James watched her in his peripheral sight.  He wanted to rest his hand on hers, give her strength.
“And you… Mister Hart, you picked her up along route twelve sometime last night?”
They’d gone over the entire story twice.  Detective Hammond obviously thought a third time through the concocted tale would provide insights to their deepest lies.  James nodded in agreement with the officer’s assessment.
“Time?”
“Maybe nine or nine-thirty.  Like I said… I wasn’t paying any particular attention to the time.  I was driving around… tryin’ to clear my head.  I have a friend in a coma and…”
“Yes… we’ve been through all that… and you… Miss LaChapelle…why didn’t you come and report this sooner?”
“I was confused… scared.”
“It doesn’t look good… on your part,” officer Hammond added. “So from nine… nine-thirty last night you’ve been driving around confused… or in some state of shock with a total stranger?”
James felt Melanie’s embarrassment as she began to explain. “We were employed by Calvin Jones to dance.  I wasn’t wearing very much.”
“And you were employed only to dance?”
“Yes.”
“Still doesn’t explain why you didn’t bring her to the hospital Mister Hart.  A girl in a state of shock, dressed in next to nothing… could have been the product of an assault.”
“It wasn’t the smartest decision I’ve ever made,” James offered in truce.
“I agree.”
“I know the man who killed them… at least I know his name,” Melanie offered a piece of evidence she’d yet to place on the table.
James was surprised by Melanie’s confession.  Detective Hammond raised both eyebrows and waited for the girl to continue.
“I saw him once… at Toad’s.  Darcy said his name was Mark… I don’t recall his last name… not certain if she ever told me.”
“Darcy Cavino,” Detective Hammond stated.
Melanie gave a single nod of her head to confirm the detective’s addition. “The guy was an ex-boyfriend of hers.  She claimed he was weird… threatening and abusive.”
Detective Hammond slid another file in front of him.  He opened it and thumbed through a report different from the one their story pertained to. “Did you know a dancer who went by the name Phoenix?” He asked.
Melanie’s eyes grew.  Her expression confirmed recollection of the name.
“Her real name was Laura Davis,” the detective continued, “someone was in her apartment last night… and shot her.  Initial tests on the casing found at the scene leads me to believe the weapon that killed her… and the weapon that killed your friends is the same.  I’m wondering if a jealous boyfriend might have sought information from your co-worker… about this party you were only dancing at.” He stressed the word ‘only’ and watched intently for her response.
“I knew her only as Phoenix.  She didn’t come across as being very friendly, so I kept my distance.”
“Would this Mark-whoever know who you were?”
“I don’t believe so.”
“He would though… know that you worked at Toads?
“Yes.”
“I would suggest a change in occupation.  No doubt if he thinks a witness stands any chance of fingering him… he’d make her a target.”
“I’m not going back there,” Melanie responded softly.
Detective Hammond sat back.  His chair squeaked under his weight.  He sipped his coffee slowly as if pondering his next move. “Tell you what we’re gonna do.  I’m going to send someone out to talk to Mitchell Gardiner and a few of the other… dancers.  Maybe I can get a last name to go along with the first.  I may want to ask you a few more questions.  Where can you be reached?”
Melanie hesitated and unintentionally gave James a chance to answer for her. “She’ll be at my place for the time being.”
The stare of a man who considered himself righteous by moral law bore into James.
“I have room,” James clarified although his spare room possessed no bed, “and you’ll probably agree she shouldn’t be alone… just in case this nut job has some idea of her identity.”
“Don’t need heroes… Mister Hart.”
“Not trying to be.”
“I’ll notify the Norwich police to patrol your street.  If possible they might be able to send a car out there to set for awhile.”
“Thank you,” James stated as he stood. “Are we free to go now?”
“Freer than some… but not as free as others.  I’d like both of you to hang around the general area.  We will have more questions to ask… I’m almost certain.”

***

“You didn’t have to do that.” Melanie had been silent since leaving the apartment she shared with Colleen in Jewett City.  A black garbage bag filled with clothes, the only possessions she wished to claim from a past life, rode in the back seat.
“Do what?” James asked.
“Offer to let me sleep on your couch.”
“You’re not sleeping on my couch… I am… and I will be deaf to any arguments.”
“I wouldn’t mind the couch.”
“I’m not hearing you very clearly.”
She surrendered to his chivalry, since any other option seemed dressed in loneliness, and watched the world pass by as they drove south. “You barely know me,” she commented after a few moments of silence floated lazily through the interior of the car.
“True… but that has little to do with anything.”
“I don’t understand.”
“Usually… if I do anything that could be considered really good… there has to be something in it for me.  I’ve spent my life looking out for my venture and caring little about others.”
“Most of us are like that to some degree.”
“We shouldn’t be… or we should at least limit how often we fall into the trap.”
“Sounds like something my father would conjure up in a sermon.”
“It’s about second chances.  It’s about not being able to heal or save who we wish… that selfish side of us that seeks our own gain.  To me that’s what this second chance is about… and I haven’t by any means gotten where I need to be as a person.  I am so tempted to be less.  In these last few days I’ve given in to temptation.  Heroes are worshipped… but I deserve to be scorned.”
“Maybe we both need second chances to get our lives straight.”
As his vehicle reached Taftville he slowed for a light as it changed from yellow to red.  A Dairy Queen sat to their left with a miniature golf course behind it. “I want to be your friend,” he said without looking to the subject of his desire. “Even if there is nothing in it for me.  I won’t come to your bed… even though I am drawn to you.”
“There is someone else… isn’t there?”
“I thought there was… but I think it was simply that selfish part of me seeing something to be gained.”
Chapter 30




Sometimes it seemed habitual for James to show up unannounced at his brother’s.  This was Sunday, however, and the open invitation to family time and the NFL on CBS always coaxed him to the comfortable home across town.  Normally he came alone.  This afternoon he brought a friend.
“This is Melanie,” he told his brother and sister-in-law as introduction. “Hope you don’t mind… we stopped by to return the clothing.”
“And watch a football game… I hope,” Jonathan responded.
“And pay for some take-out pizza… so Joanna doesn’t have to cook for the hungry males in this society.” It wasn’t often James offered to foot the bill for a meal.  Joanna smiled her approval.
Stephen and Stuart came into the room and announced their presence with loud voices. “Hi uncle Jim,” they called out in unison.
“This is my friend… Melanie,” James said to the boys.  
Stuart played shy.  Stephen beamed at the concept of his uncle having a girlfriend nicer than Sheila what’s-her-name. “You’re prettier than Sheila,” he said much to the embarrassment of the adults. 
Samantha followed with her patented “Unka Jam,” and her favorite Doctor Seuss classic clutched against her chest.  James lifted his niece off the floor.  In the past week he’d worried about having the gift of healing and not being able to heal those closest to him.  Now the curse was Melanie’s to be concerned about and her only friend was in the morgue.  Gifts, even from God, could sometimes be perceived as cruel.  He treasured the tiny family he had, because he knew it could be worse.
Samantha directed him to a chair he usually sat in when Green Eggs and Ham was on the agenda.  Melanie sought the chance to thank Joanna for the clothes and apologize for dropping by uninvited.

***

The detective that met Mitchell at Toads could have graced the stage herself.  Her deep red hair hung straight to her shoulders.  The mane framed an angelic face with dominant blue eyes.  A football game blared from a television above the bar.  She didn’t care much for the sport.  She cared even less for the profession of exotic dancing.
Mitchell Gardiner came out of his office and sat on the stool next to the detective.  Her dark colored pants suit grabbed his attention.  Mitchell always studied the nature of female bodies.  A stripper with a mind had little value to him.  He believed every woman felt the desire to remove her clothing to a savage beat, maybe not on stage for seventy or eighty men, maybe just in a bedroom with a guy she cared about.  He would love to watch this babe slip from her professional attire to her lacey undergarments.
“The other girl showed up at the state barracks this morning, unharmed.” The female detective’s voice reminded him that two of his girls were dead, as well as a business partner. “I’d like to ask you a couple questions about an ex-boyfriend of Darcy Cavino.”
“I don’t keep tabs on who the girls spend time with after hours,” Mitchell answered.
“The single survivor… Melanie LaChapelle… may possibly have identified the shooter.  We’re not certain if he knows who she is… but he is well aware of her profession.  Would any of the other… dancers,” she obviously disliked the taste of the word, “know anything about Darcy Cavino’s life on the outside.”
“From what I’ve surmised, Darcy was friendly with Colleen O’Brien.  That was about it.  She didn’t seem to care much for Melanie… actually Melanie LaChapelle didn’t seem to fit in quite anywhere.”
“Was Darcy at all friendly with Laura Davis?”
“Phoenix?”
The detective nodded her head.
“No one was friendly with Phoenix.  She had a vile tongue and a very vindictive attitude.  Seemed that most of the girls kept their distance, or eventually got stung.”
“Would she have known about Calvin Jones’ private party?”
“It’s possible… word floats around the back room easily, a lot of it’s gossip… a portion’s true.”
“So one of the girls might know if Darcy spent time with a guy named Mark?”
“That is also possible.”

***

Green Eggs and Ham read twice, Pizza devoured, the four o’clock football game in the forth quarter, James and Jonathan watched the television screen intently while Joanna lured Melanie out onto the back stoop.  Joanna possessed a single nasty habit since the age of fourteen.  She was inclined to pay homage to a couple cigarettes daily.  Jonathan didn’t care for cigarette smoke, but he didn’t consider the habit filthy enough to stay clear of Joanna when they first met.
“The boys get along with Samantha very well,” Melanie said.  She too didn’t like smoke from cigarettes or cigars.  Her last boyfriend, the one who left the deepest scars, smoked both.
“It might just be that they’re putting on a show for the guests,” Joanna responded. “No… really… they are well behaved… and they adore their uncle.”
“I think the Unka Jam is cute.”
“James probably hopes she never grows beyond calling him that.”
“Sentimental?”
“When it comes to us.”
Melanie watched the stars in the darkening sky.  Her father would often sit out on the back steps, behind the parsonage, and watch the most beautiful show on earth. 
“So what’s with you and my brother-in-law?” Joanna asked.
“We just met… last night.”
“And he needed to borrow clothing this morning.  Were you mud wrestling… or something equally obscene?”
“It’s a very long story.”
“I’ll bet it’s an interesting one too.”
“Can I ask you a question now?” Melanie turned the interrogation away from herself.
Joanna blew out a cloud of smoke and nodded her readiness.
“Is it okay that I came here?”
“James is always welcome on our doorstep.  It’s not often that he brings along a friend.  He had an off and on relationship with this bitch named Sheila Gilman.  She came for dinner a few times.  I use to pray they wouldn’t get married.  You’re different… more down to earth.  I could come to like you… it’s just I have a hard time trying to figure out the mind of a single guy.  Been a while since I had to go there.  James has a friend in the hospital… a girl.  From his reaction to her being in a coma… and not doing real well… I thought they were in the early stages of a relationship.  Then he shows up here… today… with you.”
“We’re just friends… there’s nothing physical goin’ on.  I’m really at a point in my life where I need a good friend.”
“I think James needs that too.”

***

It took fifteen minutes to drive from Jonathan and Joanna’s house to James’ apartment.  When they jumped onto the highway Melanie felt a strange urging.
“Have you been to the hospital today?” She asked.
“No… not certain if I serve any purpose there.”
“You’re not in love with her?”
“No… I might have wanted to be.  Given time I might have gone all the way down that road.  I really think she needs something more than I can offer.”
“You do have a lot to offer.”
“I guess you noticed how well I read Green Eggs and Ham.”
Melanie rested her head back against the seat and smiled to herself.  Joanna was protective of her brother-in-law.  She thought the sentiment was nice.  She felt drawn to the homey atmosphere of the Hart’s moderate dwelling.
“Your sister-in-law told me a couple of your dark secrets while we were outside talking.”
“Figured… girl talk has a tendency to turn toward the males in their life.”
“We’re not necessarily that shallow… are we?”
“No… but sometimes Joanna sees the world her way… and she puts on blinders to every other reality.”
“I didn’t get that feeling,” Melanie replied. “I think she cares deeply for those around her who are family.”
“She’s too young to be a matriarch.”
“Who else is there?”
The rented vehicle, which James needed to purge himself of next week, clocked a few miles over the speed limit along the interstate.  Melanie closed her eyes briefly and shifted in her seat.  He mind seemed pulled by the sick.
“We need to stop by the hospital,” she urgently insisted.
“Visiting hours are almost over… I don’t know if…” James chose not to continue his argument.  If anyone understood her need, he did.
Chapter 31




Sometime during the previous night Mark passed out.  He woke from a dreamless sleep, sprawled out on the floor, during the late morning.  By afternoon, still on the linoleum, he began to consider the possibility of survival.  He pulled himself wearily from the floor with the aid of the kitchen table and a chair.  His head rushed, but he maintained consciousness.
The journey from the kitchen to the bathroom took longer than usual.  A couple gauze pads and some tape concealed the clotting hole in his shoulder.  The medicine cabinet contained a store brand pain reliever.  The label suggested taking two.  He poured eight into the palm of his hand.  Once or twice he nearly lost his balance.  The effort used to steady himself stole most of his strength.  
He fell face first across an unmade bed and began to dream of blonde girls with bloody tits, taunting him from a domineering stage.  Darcy spat in his face and she laughed.  When she turned and offered him the view of her right profile he decided she was no longer attractive and rather grotesque.
It was beyond dusk when he came back to life.  Death had not yet found its mark.  His shoulder throbbed.  When he rose from the bed he felt more stable than he had before.  His stomach rumbled, a good sign that life still flowed through his veins.
Back in the kitchen he raided the cupboard.  The pantry offered nothing more than white bread and peanut butter.  He made two sandwiches and inhaled them both.  Nearly twenty-fours had passed since his last meal.
When he left his apartment darkness ruled the world outside.  He tucked his gun in the back of his pants.  The paint peeled Plymouth waited for him, begging him to finish his task before he returned the vehicle in the morning.  He would be charged an extra day for the rental.  He wasn’t certain he’d pay.  The revolver had a way of settling arguments and debts.
The blonde escaped, even though he put a bullet in her breast.  There wasn’t far to go, wounded as such.  Her vacated body was probably lying on the river’s edge, waiting to be discovered by two boys fishing, or desperate lovers in the brush.  Still he pondered the possibility that the wound hadn’t been fatal, that the girl had somehow made it to route twelve and was now recovering in a hospital bed.  He needed to cover his tracks, but every plan his brain conjured left additional witnesses in the wake.
He started the engine and fastened his seatbelt.  Mitchell Gardiner should be able to clarify the whole mass of confusion.  The strip club owner lost three girls last night, maybe a forth hung onto the final fibers of life.  Mitchell would give Mark the information he required.  In return Mark felt eager to give back in a manner Darcy Cavino now understood.

***

James and Melanie slipped into the hospital through the emergency room.  When they entered the elevator Melanie selected the floor.  She leaned against the wall and steadied her breathing.  Up to this point James had not realized that she seemed on the verge of hyperventilating.
“You okay?” He asked.
“Is this how it was for you?” She returned a question of her own, nodding her head to answer his.  
They were alone in the elevator, rising up the shaft.  James was the witness now.  His protégé possessed the gift needed for miracles.  He remembered the Cal Ripken fan, tubes running from the body of a boy who listened to the call of the next life.  God, or some other force brought the kid back through James’ touch. “It was different for me… the first time,” he answered. 
“The accident on the bridge.  That’s were I heard your name.”
“Adrenaline rushed through my veins.  I didn’t stop to think about what I had done until after.  Then I cursed my actions for not being able to bring the healing touch where I wanted to give it.”
“It has nothing to do with us… and everything to do with God.”
“Another saying from your father’s pulpit?”
“Probably.”
James considered the blonde he shared the elevator with for a moment.  She wore a white cotton top with ‘Sweet’ printed in pink lettering.  The single word no doubt described a side of her personality.  Her shirt didn’t quite reach the waist of her jeans.  A thin sliver of pale flesh peeked out.  The girl was a paradox, a minister’s daughter who disrobed on a stage of sinfulness.  It was difficult for James to firmly stand by the belief that the temporary gift of healing came from God.  For the stripper, who came one bullet short of becoming a hooker, believing that God bore all the responsibility for second chances came with ease.
The elevator leveled.  James didn’t notice the floor’s designation.  She led the way.  He followed tight blue jeans and a blonde head of hair.  It wasn’t until they reached the room the force chose for her destination that he realized where they were.  The sign beside the door read, Richards, Margaret.
Melanie entered the room without pause.  From down the hall a nurse came their way, obviously to inform them of the impending close of visiting hours.  James stepped into the shadows of the room.  Transfixed by the need to bring healing, Melanie moved to the bed.  Her hand reached to Margaret’s shoulder.
“I’m sorry… but visiting hours are over,” the nurse said from the hallway.
James turned toward the nurse.  Fortunately, he wasn’t caught in the same trance as Melanie. “Oh… we didn’t realize,” he lied. “We just stopped by for a moment to see if anything had changed.”
“Miss Richards is still in a coma.  You should speak to her doctor in the morning.”
“Was her mother here today?” He asked, trying to buy time for Melanie and her miraculous touch.
“She was here when I came on shift… left a little while ago.  Now if you and your friend will…”
“I’m sorry,” Melanie’s voice interrupted the nurse.  She appeared at James’ right shoulder out of the dark room. “Didn’t realize what time it was.  I’m from out of town and here for just a day or two.  The girl in this room… and I are old college friends.”
If the nurse felt any falsehoods existed in Melanie’s explanation she didn’t voice her concern.  She stepped aside as both James and Melanie entered the light of the hallway and headed toward the nearest elevator.
Once they were in his car Melanie turned sideways on the passenger’s seat and spoke. “She’s sleeping now.” She gazed at her hands as if they glowed with radiant power. “I can’t believe I’ve been called to do something like this.  Did you feel undeserving?”
“You were called to heal the person I anguished over failing,” James studied the windshield for a moment before turning to Melanie. “Why?”
“My father use to say, ‘Don’t question God’s motives, it’s not possible to understand them’.  I didn’t know until after I made contact with her flesh that she was your friend.  I only wish God would heal her soul as he’s healed her body.”
“You know?”
“Didn’t you feel it… when you touched the others?”
“I can be dense… and shallow sometimes.”
“Join the club.”
“I felt a sadness in you,” he admitted. “Thought it was nothing more than a surmising on my part.  Struggles, conflicts, we all have them.  I didn’t feel anything significant until I touched you.”
“God healed my body, maybe you’re meant to heal my soul with friendship.”
“It’s what you need most… isn’t it?”
“Yes.”
“I couldn’t heal Margaret’s body or soul.  Her spiritual wounds are too deep… but I can be your friend despite my weaknesses.”
“I believe Margaret will find her peace,” Melanie added as she turned to face the night ahead. “You might not have been the one meant to help her through her journey.”
A philosophical exotic dancer, a sensitive minister’s daughter, James smiled to himself, glad that Melanie LaChapelle entered his life when she did.

***

On the car’s radio Mark Towne listened to the local news.  A brief report was given of a shooting in Lisbon, just over the Norwich line.  Six bodies had been found.  There was no mention of a seventh.  Evidently all the next-of-kin were yet to be notified, thus the absence of a role call.  A murder at the Sandy Lane apartments also made its way through the headlines.  No link had yet been established, or at least not publicized.  The police would soon put the faces of the two dead strippers at the warehouse along side the dead redhead.  They shared a stage.
He reached Toads a half hour before closing.  Being that it was Sunday the bar would be required to close its doors by eleven.  The watch on his wrist read ten-thirty.  For a moment he considered waiting for the night’s patronage to disperse.  He could then have his little chat with Mitchell Gardiner alone.  That course of action might leave out the information he required.  Mitchell could give him the name of the third girl, possibly even update status on her physical condition, but a dancer who shared gossip in the dressing room might know an address.
Again he considered it foolish to think that the blonde girl could be anywhere besides in a hospital bed.  If she breathed, there would be tubes assisting and monitors attached to her.
When he entered Toads he merged with the modest crowd.  A few dancers were on stage.  He watched them for a moment.  Across the main room, to his right, he saw the hall leading to a room he knew wore the designation of ‘Private’.  Mitchell Gardiner would be in his den, possibly with one of his girls.
A blonde was on stage.  She captivated him beneath the lights.  Shadows played across her frame.  Her breasts were small, and for a moment he saw the entry wound where a bullet had ripped through flesh.  A crawling heat crept up his spine.  His hand tingled for the texture of the gun in the small of his back.  How could she be dancing after having taken a bullet the previous night?  He moved toward the stage, slowly reaching behind his back.  This blonde dancer was taller and the wound vaporized as his eyes focused on the elevated platform.
He felt for the handle of the gun.  Leaving the weapon in place, he slipped back through the crowd and turned toward Mitchell’s office.  No one paid any attention as he entered the side hall where the restrooms and the door marked ‘Private’ resided.  Mitchell would curse the interruption, especially if he was involved with a dancer trying to move up his social ladder.  Beyond the proclaimed barrier of privacy, he discovered a dimly lit hallway.  Another closed door beckoned him.  He brought the gun forward, turned the doorknob and entered the room.

***

“You should go to your friend… Margaret… tomorrow,” Melanie said.  She had changed into one of her own nightshirts, an oversized tee shirt, burgundy with a white numeral 1.  It hung to short for his imagination to conjure up any thoughts of purity.  She argued about taking his bed from him and accepted an offered glass of wine.
“Probably,” he agreed.
“Do you do this often?” She raised the glass of Chablis, indicating the wine within as the subject of her question.
“An old girlfriend got me on the kick.  Used to be a beer person before.”
“Still are when watchin’ football with your brother.”
He sipped from his glass before continuing their conversation. “It’s not a completely bad habit… unless you’re raised Baptist.”
“Didn’t say it was… and even Baptists are human.” She paused for her own taste of fermented grape juice. “Was the girlfriend Sheila Gilbert?”
“Gilman,” he corrected her. “No doubt you and Joanna shared some conversation about yours truly and the past snobs in his life.”
“Joanna didn’t seem to care much for her.”
“Joanna thought she was a friggin’ bitch.  She was right on the nose.”
Melanie tucked her legs beneath her bottom.  Why did he promise to stay away from her bed?  She’d wondered about his attitude toward her.  There was a physical attraction, but could it ignite a flame or a roaring bonfire?  A friend was what she needed at the moment, and he promised to be just that.  Next week, or next month she might need a lover.  She thought about James Hart’s embrace, knew it would be warm and comforting.
Another question tormented her brain, did he promise celibacy because of what she allowed herself to almost become?  Had she defiled herself enough by simply walking onto the stage at Toads?  She wondered if those questions would ever be answered, given her desire not to taste the vulnerability of asking. 
Chapter 32




Mitchell jolted off the velvet sofa at the opposite wall.  A tiny framed, shorthaired brunette sat topless next to him.  She went for a robe on the floor, but Mark stepped on the corner of the garment, pinning it to the matted carpet.
“Both of you just sit,” Mark instructed, waving the barrel of his loaded gun in their direction.
“W-what do you want?” Mitchell stammered. “If it’s money… there’s a cash box with a few hundred bucks in the upper drawer of the desk.
Mark glanced at the littered piece of furniture.  Paperwork, a couple coffee cups, one lying empty on its side, graced the surface of the desk in chaos.  Quickly he turned back to Mitchell and his girlfriend for the night before either could react. “Training a new slut… like you did Darcy?” 
He watched realization filter across Mitchell Gardiner’s face.  Mark knew the man on the couch assessed the situation correctly.  It was time to pay the piper for all his past sins.
“Look I don’t know why you came here,” Mitchell said, a slight tremor began to form in his voice.  The shorthaired brunette seemed to lack the ability to make any sound. “The police were here… and they’re probably watching the place.”
“Kinda answers the first question I planned t’ ask… don’t it?  The other blonde cunt musta gotten out with a few breaths left in her fuckin’ lungs.  She must be laid up in the hospital… Backus most likely.”
“I didn’t get that impression from the cop who was here,” Mitchell responded.
“I shot her… she had blood all over her tiny tit.  I know what the fuck I saw.  She’d have t’ be in the hospital… collapsed lung at best.  She left a lot of blood behind.”
“I heard she was okay,” The girl offered tentatively, finally finding her voice. 
“So who’s this with the cute tits?” Mark asked Mitchell as if the topless girl wasn’t able to answer the question for herself. “If I didn’t know better I’d say you was after a new line of flat chested whores.”
“Heather,” Mitchell responded.
“Trainin’ her t’ do… fuck parties… like you trained Darcy?”
Mitchell looked as if he was going to respond, but instead he held his words in check.  Mark’s shoulder throbbed.  He willed his face not to contort from the pain.
“So Heather… with the cute little tits… where can I find this girl I’m certain I wounded.”
“Her name is Melanie,” Heather replied.  Obviously willing to save her skin at the cost of another’s.
“Melanie,” Mark tasted the name, “sweet sounding name, just as Heather has a sweet flavor to it… Darcy… Colleen.  Those are all nice sounding names.  Now Phoenix… that’s a label given to a real whore.  Who’d want t’ touch somethin’ like that?”  I bet the police have already put the redhead’s death into the same column as Darcy and her blonde friend Colleen.  Definitely gonna add the name Melanie to that list of dead sluts.  Do we want to add Heather?”
“I’ll do anything,” the girl answered.  Mitchell glared his disapproval at the Heather’s willingness to help.  Mark believed she stated the truth.  Before the night was over he would discover the limits of her promise to do anything. 

***

Darcy mentioned the ‘asshole’ she dated a few times in conversation.  Mitchell pictured a guy filled with insecurities.  The weapon in Mark Towne’s hand gave him an abundance of confidence.  Had killing Phoenix fostered Towne’s assurance of himself.  The gunman offered Mitchell and Heather life in return for their assistance in his crime.  Mitchell knew, regardless of his own decision to live or die, Heather would lead Mark Towne wherever he desired to go.  He also knew the limits of her promise to do anything.  The girl possessed no inhibitions.  
Towne instructed Mitchell to point out the location of his car keys.  He then told Heather to fetch them.  Once the keys to Mitchell’s vehicle were in his hands he instructed the girl to put her robe on.  With a jacket draped over the hand holding the pistol, Towne followed Mitchell and Heather to an exit off the backside of the building.  The door they passed through was not visible from the dance floor or the bar.  Only someone coming to or from the restrooms might catch a glance of the threesome stepping out into the night air.  Seeing Mitchell and an associate stepping out into the parking lot would not seem to be an oddity.  The addition of a barefoot dancer in a short robe would definitely add a few questions to the equation.  Remaining unobserved had a definitive value. 
They weren’t seen.  Once they were outside, Mitchell sensed Mark breathing with more ease.  Mitchell noticed a stain of blood on the gunman’s shirt and realized a wound in Towne’s shoulder was trying to reassert itself.  
“Is the car locked?” Towne asked.
“No.”
Their quest into the parking lot ended at a late-modeled Toyota.  Mitchell’s Mercury was still impounded by the police as possible evidence.
“You’re driving,” Towne told Mitchell, “and you get your ass in the passenger’s seat.” He followed his abrupt verbal gesture to Heather with a wide toothy grin.  Mitchell believed only the Cheshire Cat could obtain that manifestation.  He was wrong.
Both captives obeyed.  Towne climbed in the back seat before relinquishing the keys.  Quickly Mitchell considered his options.  If Towne placed too much attention on Heather a chance could be taken.  Action on his part could forfeit Heather’s live.  Mitchell decided the risk was justified.
“You never answered my question earlier,” Towne said.  Mitchell felt cold steel at the base of his neck and knew Mark Towne didn’t consider the petite girl to be much of a treat.  Mitchell Gardiner, being a male, six-two and two hundred and twenty pounds, did. “So what were you training her for?  Jones is no longer in business.  Maybe you were just gettin’ a cheap little thrill… from one of your cheap whores.”
“Do you want me to start the car?” Mitchell asked.
“I want you to answer my question.”
“He paid me,” Heather announced. “I didn’t make enough in tips over the weekend.  Mitchell offered to loan me the money.”
“For a sexual favor?”
The car’s interior fell into silence.  Mitchell half expected a gunshot to be the last thing he heard.  The gun pressed harder against his neck.
“Start the car moron,” Towne said from right behind him, “and let’s go find Melanie. 
Mitchell turned the key and shifted the car into gear.

***

“See… it’s not you girls that I have anything against,” Towne offered his warped justification for his rampage. “It’s guys like him.  They use you… his type.  They make money off you because you look good without your clothing.  For every dollar some dick sticks in your g-string he makes twenty.  Then… if you’re really good… he sells your ass to some prick like Calvin Jones.  You see I don’t have anything against some desperate girls tryin’ to pay the rent with sex.  It’s the assholes who make money by keepin’ ‘em desperate.
He sat back in the seat and kept the gun pointed in the direction of Mitchell Gardner’s head.  He watched the eyes of the driver peer at him from the rearview mirror.  
“In case your wonderin’ Mitch… I can’t miss from this range.”
“He’s driving… why would you shoot him and cause an accident?” Heather’s voice seemed almost childish as she fearfully stated her position. “Please… I don’t want to die.  I told you I would do anything.  I intend to keep my promise.”
“And I intend to cash in.  You don’t have to worry about me puttin’ a bullet in the back of Mitchell head.  He ain’t the type to play no fuckin’ hero.  If he could get out of it and save his skin, he might break a sweat… and throw you under the bus.  But you dear Heather… the only value you have is that someone might actually pay a cover charge to watch you strip.  In reality he knows it doesn’t matter whether you show your tits or some other slut shows hers.  To the clientele they’re all the same.”
“Knock it off,” Mitchell finally offered a defense.
“Then tell me I’m wrong.” Mark leaned forward and pressed the nozzle of the gun against Mitchell’s head, reminding him the weapon was still keeping an eye on the driver.
“You’re wrong.”
Mark laughed as he sat back in his seat. “I ain’t got tits… so I have no fuckin’ reason to believe you.”
“You asked me to drive you to the apartment where Melanie lives.  I’m doin’ that… we’re doin’ that.  We get there; you get out of the car and go about your business with her.  I don’t want to be involved.”
“But you are… kind sir.”
“I’m bringing you where you asked to go.  I don’t care what you did to the other girls.  You’re right… they’re of nothing more than monetary value to me.”
“I guess this is all rollin’ from your mouth because you feel desperation creepin’ in.  It’s got a hold on you… don’t it.  Sluts like your girlfriend… they get that desperate thing because the rent needs to be paid and there’s no food in the cupboard.  You… your feelings of desperation are totally built around saving your ass.”
“I’m trying to deal with you,” Mitchell’s voice gave away frustration.
“A deal is worked toward when two people are on equal standing.  We’re not.  I have the gun and you simply have the desire not to be used for target practice.  Here’s what I’ll do.  Pull up someplace where the world can’t be watchin’.  Me and the slut are gonna get out.  Can’t have a girl of even her degraded morals bein’ seen walkin’ around in that flimsy garment… by herself.  You promise to keep your mouth shut… and I’ll let you drive away quietly.  Me and sweet little Heather here are then gonna go up to Melanie’s and ensure that she no longer has anything to worry about bein’ a witness to.”

***

Shadows thicker than the night’s darkness cloaked the parking lot at the rear of the apartment building.  Mark instructed Mitchell to pull the car into a space toward the back.  Mitchell placed the vehicle in park and shut the engine off.
“So this is the place,” Mark commented.
“The apartment Melanie shared with Colleen is on the second floor,” Heather replied, “number twenty-six.”
“And how many times did your sweet ass pop over here?”
“Twice.”
“What does it matter?” Mitchell interjected.
“Brave… aren’t you,” Mark teased, “now that you’re near the point of being cast out into the jaws of freedom.”
“I drove you here… kept my end of the bargain… You are going to keep yours?”
Heather turned in her seat for the first time since they’d gotten into the car. “Probably will,” Mark answered. “Depends on whether or not Heather keeps her promises.  Tell me Heath… can you get our future intimacy out of your mind long enough to answer a question?”
“Are you going to rape me?”
Mark’s chuckle to her query was condescending. “Heather… don’t you know… girls like you can’t be raped.  You’re way too willing to do anything.” He emphasized the final two syllables of his statement, reminding her of the promise made earlier in desperation. “Now do you think the girl… Melanie… is home?”
“I don’t know,” Heather answered.
“The detective who came by today said she was under police protection,” Mitchell lied.  The redheaded female detective had said very little about Melanie LaChapelle.  
“Why didn’t you say something about this sooner?  Did you think we might run into a cruiser out front… and some john in uniform would save your worthless skin?”
“I hadn’t really thought about it until now.  If she were here though we would have seen some police presence.”
“They might be unmarked… asshole.”
Heather turned back toward her captor again. “Look… we could go back t’ Toads.  You know the apartment now.  You could come back any time you wanted to.”
“Things are all fucked up and gone to hell.”
Marked looked into the shadowed eyes of the young girl in the front seat.  He saw the face of Darcy taunting him with her vile words.  A silent revelry of demeaning phrases against his manhood flowed from the image.  To Mark’s left Mitchell turned in his seat.  The movement in his peripheral vision threatened.  Mark leaned into the perceived attack.  Mitchell’s thick meaty hand gripped the neck of his shirt.  Another grabbed a fistful of hair at the side of his head.  Instinctively Mark buried the gun in the back of the driver’s side seat and released two rounds.
Chapter 33




James found it difficult falling to sleep.  It had nothing to do with the sofa’s lack of comfort and everything to do with the girl sleeping in his bed.  He wondered about fate.  He wanted to see her as a minister’s daughter and not a topless dancer.  His first impression, when stumbling into her in the woods, he saw her as a victim of a sexual assault.  He knew otherwise.  The girl in his bed had willingly disrobed before being shot.
Everyone paints pictures in their minds of the perfect relationship.  James always found himself adjusting that image to meet the women in his life.  Sheila was too materialistic and too wrapped up in her career rather than life.  Margaret lived in her past.  She chose to abandon the present and future, hiding beneath an exterior that kept men away.  A few days a go he would have shifted the portrait in his mind greatly to allow her entry into his life.  Tonight he felt no willingness to do so.  
Then there was Julie Lindquist, stepping into his confused life, a girl wanting to be used, hoping that by being used she could find something permanent.  He expected his phone to ring at any time and offer him the sound of her sensually laced voice.  Maybe her extent of hero worship sought just one encounter with her idol.  In his heart he hoped not to be tempted again, but the empty void needed filling.
He walked from the living area into the kitchen and considered pouring another glass of wine.  He drank two glasses while talking with Melanie before sacking out.  The cute blonde was more sweetheart than stripper.  He couldn’t believe someone of her true nature could dance on a stage, nearly naked.
The door to the bedroom was left partially opened.  A streetlight outside bathed the room in a soft glow.  He normally pulled the blinds, seeking total darkness.  Melanie needed a little light to define the uncertainty of unfamiliar shadows.  One leg dangled outside her covers.  Her nightshirt was hiked up to her hip.  She aroused him, and James felt like a pervert watching the sleeping girl.
This reluctant striper had brought Margaret back from near dead.  She seemed to accept everything her temporary ability offered without question.  He wondered about Melanie LaChapelle’s need for a second chance.  Had she not stumbled into his arms in the woods, had he not been able to heal her through his touch, God would have welcomed her with open arms regardless of where her life wandered.  She was one of his children, even though she dragged her savior onto a stage where men yell vile comments as she exposed her naked temple.  Tonight their conversation turned into confession.  The cute blonde Protestant and the lukewarm Catholic.  His confessional was a living room.  They drank wine that no prayers turned into blood, but he came to know her.
Abuse, physical and mental, was something he couldn’t tolerate.  In the last couple years Melanie experienced both.  A boyfriend who pulled her spiritually from God and her father’s memory, and an employer who gave her little choice but to slip deeper into the seediness of hell.  Melanie possessed little emotional strength on her own.  The boyfriend had forced her into submission before casting her out.  Mitchell Gardiner picked up the pieces and took advantage of their brokenness. 
Had James found her whole she might have despised him.  She was damaged, but repairable, and given the chance he felt he would hold her in his arms until the world looked pure through her eyes again.  She was nothing like Julie Lindquist.  Julie wanted nothing beyond a night in bed.  Her body had been given of her own accord in many acts of trial and error.  Lying in Melanie’s embrace required commitment, a promise to be there on all the following mornings.
He moved away from the door, leaving it opened.  He chose to pour the third glass of wine before stretching back out on the couch.  Melanie would stay here for a few days.  Then she would move on.  The voice would call her to heal six more times.  He couldn’t always be a witness.  After her task was through he hoped she would find the peace she deserved.  His wish seemed prayerful and in his heart he asked God if her peace might be found in his embrace.
Chapter 34




Heather didn’t scream out like a damsel distressed for her life.  He pointed the weapon in her direction, reminding her of his capabilities.  Quickly he formed the next course of action in his head.  
“Undo his belt,” Mark demanded.  He noticed the girl’s hands trembling as she loosened the buckle. “Take it all the way off,” he instructed when she looked to him for direction.
Mitchell’s body slumped against the door on the driver’s side of the vehicle.  Heather could barely manipulate his weight.  Without help from Mark she slowly accomplished her task.
“Good… now get out of the car.”
The petite dancer followed instructions well.  Mark exited the rear seat as she got out from the front.  Her only protest was a barely audible whimper.
“Now take the back seat and face me.”  
She could have lashed out with her foot, driven his groin to his stomach.  The attempt to escape might have gained her a head start if he chased her.  A bullet would however, rip into her back before she got far.  Obviously the girl reasoned the foolishness of any course of action other than total submission.  He tied her wrists with the belt.  Then he motioned for her to push back on the seat.  He brought her hands to her feet and bound them wrists to ankles.  Mitchell Gardiner was not a small man.  His waist size allowed enough length to bind Heather up securely. 
Mark pulled the limp body of the dead man across the front seat onto the passenger’s side.  He closed the door and proceeded around the front of the vehicle to the driver’s side.  All the while he listened for sirens.  He thought it odd that no police presence sat out front of the apartment waiting for his arrival.  Maybe the cops knew she wasn’t there and also made the assumption that he had no idea where Melanie, the cute blonde stripper, lived.  He took the driver’s seat after pushing Mitchell’s carcass farther onto the passenger’s side.  He checked on Heather.
“Anything to say before we continue the rounds?” He asked the tied up girl in the backseat. 
“Why?”
“Why did I kill Mitchell… or why am I not in the backseat with you getting’ my rocks off?”
“Maybe both.”
He backed the Toyota out of the parking space and drove around the front of the building.  Traffic was light.  He made a right onto route 138 without waiting.  Once he felt reasonably safe, given the dead body and kidnapped stripper, he decided to answer Heather’s question.
“Let’s see… Mitchell was lookin’ for an opportunity to make a move.  He did what he felt he needed to do.  Ya know a couple days ago I didn’t think I could point this fuckin’ gun at anyone.” He pointed pistol into the backseat to give more effect to his explanation. “All you need to do is pull the trigger once, take one life… and the rest is real easy.  See now, if you had this weapon you might consider long and hard about takin’ my life.  Ain’t ever killed someone before have you?  If you have I’m a bad judge of character.  So Mitchell wanted an opportunity and he found it.”
“And what about me?”
“Well… you said you would do anything.  I’m assuming there are no limitations are there?  The way I planned it… you’d get to watch Melanie take a bullet between her little tits.  Then I’d lie you down naked on the girl’s bed and we’d have a real good time.  You and this dead heap of shit here weren’t completely honest about the whole situation.  So now we gotta change the plan.  Started t’ think maybe we start over.  Take you back to Toads, leave Mitchell in the front seat of his car for the police to find, we have our fun and I let you breathe for another day.”
He smiled at her from the rearview mirror, pleased with himself, then continued. “It doesn’t change much of what was already gonna happen as it turns out.  I interrupted a moment of fine sex between you and Mitch.  I tend to believe I look better than the dead guy… so you’re gonna get the better end of the stick.”
The car passed the northern limits of Jewett City.  Plainfield was the next town up.  Toads should be closed by now.  The other dancers and staff would find Mitchell’s office closed and assume he and Heather had gone to his place, or possibly hers.
When he approached Toads he noticed no signs of life.  He drove the car around back and turned off the engine. “Fun time is about to begin,” he proclaimed as he got out of the driver’s side door.  He walked around the vehicle, opened the rear door opposite his and pulled Heather to the seat’s edge by the belt binding her wrists and ankles.  He unwrapped the belt from her feet, and leaving her wrists bound, led her by the length of soft leather toward the back of the building.  He surmised that a key on the same ring as the car keys would open the door.  On his third choice he was correct.

***

“I want a private dance,” Mark Towne said after freeing Heather’s hands. “Take the robe off… and the panties of course and demonstrate your skills.”
Heather moved slowly, her rhythm lacked symmetry.   
“Why don’t you hum something,” he decided to add. “You don’t seem like you’re too into this whole thing.”
“I’m nervous.” She paused as her robe fell to the ground.
“No need t’ be… tell ya what, you remind me of Darcy… in a good way.  She told me all about herself.  I’m very accepting of past issues people have.  You could have asked her that… and she probably would have agreed.  I just don’t like bein’ used… and I certainly wasn’t going t’ stand for that from her.  Did you ever have your trust abused?”
“I guess.”
“Give me a specific time.”
“I don’t know… I had a couple bad relationships.”
“And they turned you into this?”
Heather shrugged her shoulders and gave him the impression that the questions embarrassed her more than her nudity.
“I mean… it looks real clear to my eyes Heath.  They… the jerks like Mitchell Gardiner and… Jones… they bring you in here under the lights, convince you that ya can’t do nothin’ of value besides turn on a bunch of assholes.  You take your clothes off because a hot body is all you fuckin’ are.  Then they set you up for the kill… don’t they?”
“I don’t understand.  I like dancing.  I don’t mind taking off my…”
“You’re a fuckin’ whore.” Mark waved the gun in front of him.  He almost forgot that he still held the weapon in his grip.  Heather jumped as if a round had been sent through the barrel. “In a way I’ve saved you,” he added, in a voice meant to sooth. “Soon… do you have any idea what you were to become?”
He waited for her response.
“Yes,” she said with eyes downcast.
Her acknowledgement sickened him.  He considered the immediate removal of her tainted bloodline.  Slowly she raised her head to face him and the weapon she feared.  At that moment he owned her.  He could choose to possess her. “Panties,” he said with a feeling of arousal.  He motioned downward with the gun.  She lowered them from her hips and stepped free of the tangled encumbrance.  He briefly considered adding her name to the list of growing victims who once sold pleasure and flesh.  His finger twitched on the trigger.
“You know I could’ve had that tattooed slut… the redhead.  She didn’t beg.  She defiantly faced my gun and offered nothing in return for her worthless life.  I’m not to be toyed with.  Then Darcy tried to lash out with that nasty streak of hers.  It wasn’t much of an effort for me to pull the trigger.  Like I said, first time is the hardest… we talked about that already… you and me, so we’re on the same page here.” He waited for her to nod agreement and then continued. “Did you ever see what a gorgeous face looks like after a bullet has torn half of it away from close range?”
Heather shook her head in answer to his question. “Please,” she pleaded, in response to her desire to live.
“I had good intentions here.  I was going to make you what Mitchell failed to make you.  I planned to do you right here on the couch.  Anything… you said you would do anything.  You probably meant if I would let you live.”
Her dark wet eyes begged without words.  Mark didn’t realize he pulled the trigger until a red crater blew open in her chest.  She collapsed backward, slamming her lifeless head on the floor with a sickening crack.  
He squatted beside her fallen form. “Anything,” he said softly. “Funny how sometimes promises are kept… but then most are simply broken.  One promise I plan to keep is this… may the gods strike me dead… as they did you… if the blonde stripper doesn’t come to me I will kill another one of your kind every single day.” 
Chapter 35




“What do you plan t’ do today?” James asked the girl nursing the hot cup of coffee at the small butcher-block table against the wall.  There were only two chairs for occupation.  Melanie sat in one.  James leaned against the counter, guarding the fresh pot of caffeine. 
“The funeral for Colleen is going to be tomorrow.” She sidestepped his question. “Would you be able to come to the wake with me tonight?”
“That wouldn’t be a problem.”
“Are you stopping by the hospital today?”
“I should,” he agreed. “I’ll swing by after work… before I come home.  Then we can go pay respects.”
He was ready for the office, lemon colored shirt and dark brown slacks, a chance to slip back into something of normalcy.  Life in its ability to change strides, force alterations, whether modifications were desired or not.  The past week brought an abundant of abrupt adjustments into his life.  The most recent sat at the tiny excuse for a kitchen table.  Her bare legs were folded beneath her.  Her nightshirt revealed the outline of her small breasts.  She studied him, almost knowing his thoughts.  James wondered if he would come home to an empty apartment and found himself wishing against the prospect.
“I’ve been thinking… overnight,” he began. “I have a few weeks of vacation time stored up.  I might put in for a week or two… help get things settled.”
	“I’ll be fine.” She forced a smile that did little to convince him.
“I’ll call in sick,” he offered. “We could…”
“I think I need to spend the day in… thought.  If it’s okay, I’d like to just stay here and think.  I have a lot that I’m answerable to… when it comes to God.  I had a Bible stored with my clothes at the apartment.  In the last few months I found it necessary to bury faith beneath my underwear.  I couldn’t even look at the book containing God’s word.  I need to seek solace and direction there.  I need to remind myself that all can be forgiven.  There are things in my heart… even now… which I’m not certain belong.” Her eyes wandered from the steam rising from her mug of coffee to his.  Did she seek approval?
James considered moving across the room, within reach of her warmth, but much held him back.  He thought of Margaret and the gift Melanie bestowed upon her.  At the moment he felt drawn away from the girl in the hospital and toward the girl before him.  He needed the forgiveness of his creator as much as she did.
“You’ll be here tonight?” He needed to ask the question, to solidify the chaotic world around him.
“Do you want me to be here?”
Did he, and for what purpose did he want Melanie LaChapelle in his life?  He nodded in response while weighing the future proposed by his acknowledgment.  He couldn’t stabilize a relationship with Margaret, not now, not after having spent the night thinking about the girl sleeping in his bedroom.  Sometimes his fantasized image of Melanie LaChapelle wore nothing but a shroud of nudity.  She stood on stage, exposed, and spread out across his bed, beckoning.  He knew there was a deeper, holier aspect to her.  His conjured up dreams never allowed touch.  Was it because she sold her virtue, or because God wouldn’t let go of His creation?
“I’d like it if you would stay.” He phrased the words a few seconds after his body answered her question.  He felt her unchanged expression peer into his soul and hoped she saw in him more value than he gave himself.

***

The office, where Mitchell Gardiner interviewed dancers who wanted to take a step closer to hell, seemed completely in order, except for the naked body on the floor.  The police responded quickly.  The body of the building’s proprietor had been discovered in the parking lot.  The rampage continued.
The note, taped to the forehead of the dead body on the office floor, chilled the red haired detective’s soul.  She read it to another member of the force who stood in the room. “Sometimes promises are kept… most often they’re not.  Before you is one moment where a promise was broken.  I will however promise one thing.  It is a promise I will keep.  One… such as Heather or Darcy will taste my wrath for everyday that passes without the blonde dancer named Melanie facing her sin.”
“I think we have a real psychotic asshole on our hands,” she stated.  Erin Brown was twenty-nine.  Most of her counterparts saw her as a hard woman.  She wore her crust as protection, thus sacrificing companionship. “What’d they find on the parking lot?”
“Guy who called says it’s Gardiner.”
“I talked to him yesterday.  Who found him?”
“One of the girls.”
“I don’t want the contents of this note getting out… understood.”
“Yes.”
Erin rose from the dead shape staining the carpet.  As she passed her subordinate she instructed, “I want you to stay with the examiner.  I want to know if she was sexually assaulted.” She left the office and entered the main room of the club.  The guy who found the dead dancer stood by the bar, aiding the shaken up stripper who found Mitchell across the front seat of his car.
“I need to ask a few question,” she said to them both.  Without waiting for a response she began her interrogation. “Were both of you working last night?” The girl nodded her response.  The guy gave a deep guttural affirmation.
“Did either of you see Mister Gardiner and…”
“Heather Lewis,” the girl said.
“Did either of you see them leave last night… possibly with another individual?”
“His car was gone when I left,” the male replied.  He previously identified himself as Travis Langston.  He considered himself to be the assistant manager of the club.  Whether that title applied to him on paper didn’t matter to Erin. 
“Is it normal for him to leave before closing?”
The dancer began to respond, “Only when…” A quick glare from Travis Langston silenced her.
“Look this will be lot easier if you just answer the questions.” Her statement was directed at the tall male. “Now I’d like you to continue… Miss Hill.”
“It’s Chloe,” the dancer reaffirmed.  Obviously Erin Brown cared less. “He and Heather had an agreement.”
“What type of an agreement?”
“She was going to give him sexual favors… if he would help her out of financial debt.”
“And so last night when you noticed he had left early… you assumed he and Heather had begun working out the payment plan?”
“I had seen her go to the office an hour before closing.  Expected her to come back to the dressing room for her clothes… if she were leaving, but… I mean all she had on was her robe and the g-string she danced in.”
“And that didn’t cause a raised flag when you noticed Gardiner’s car was gone?”
“No.”
“Did you try to open the car’s door when you found his body this morning?”
“No… I saw blood.  Travis responded to my screaming.”
Erin noticed Travis’ hand stroke Chloe’s in a tender manner.  From the harsh glare demanding her silence to the caring caress, Erin surmised, these two were lovers. “Did you two arrive here around the same time this morning?”
“We arrived together,” Travis stated.
“A couple?”
“We’ve been living together for the last three months.”

***

“So how’s somethin’ like that work?”” Erin asked the detective at the adjacent desk.
George Mullen wearily looked up from a stack of papers, which never shrank. “So how’s what work?”
“This girl… twenty-one years old… takes her clothes off for leering male eyes and probably makes a few extra bucks on her knees in the back room.  She has a live-in boyfriend… one of the guys who works at the joint.  What gives?  I mean shouldn’t a guy be jealous of a setup like that?  Maybe I’m just a little too old fashioned with a pair of thick blinders on… but I just don’t get it.”
“We all beat to different drums.  His is a little kinkier than most.”
“But is he so different than our killer?”
“Lieutenant Brown,” a female voice cut in from behind, “I’ve got some of the results from the crime scene.”  
Erin turned in her seat and held out a hand to retrieve the file.  The young female officer had been on the force for less than a year.  Her name was Diana, a beautifully mixed race girl with a permanently bronzed shade of skin and deep brown eyes.
“There were prints matching those found at the warehouse,” Diana offered. “Mark Towne has a record… burglary… assault.”
During Erin Brown’s afternoon interview with Mitchell Gardiner, she’d been directed to a couple of dancers who knew the full name of Darcy Cavino’s boyfriend.  Erin wasn’t disappointed. “A positive match,” Erin commented.
“Yes,” Diana responded, as if the statement had been a question.
“Then we have a definitive last name to go along with the first,” Erin commented. “Did anyone at the crime scene look at the note attached to the dead girl’s forehead before I removed it?”
“I don’t believe so.”
“Do you have the phone number of the girl who… walked away from the warehouse shooting… unharmed?”
“Detective Hammond added all that to the file.”
Erin dug into the manila folder.  Detective Hammond’s report gave the girl’s name as Melanie LaChapelle.  Hammond scratched another name and phone number in the margin. “Who’s James Hart?” She asked Diana.
“Detective Hammond says he accompanied the LaChapelle girl to the station to make the report.”
“Another one of these guys who walk to a kinky beat.” She made her remark loud enough to grab the attention of her nearby co-worker. 
“Don’t know… but Detective Hammond said they can be reached at his phone.  Sounds like they’re a couple.”
“They’re just crawling out of the woodwork.  I’m thinkin’ Towne gets jealous over his girlfriend’s lifestyle… and here we get two guys who seem to thrive on the beat.  What do you make of that?”
“Not my kind of thing Lieutenant.”
“No I guess not.  Thanks to us the world hasn’t flushed all decency right down the proverbial toilet.”
Chapter 36




After James left for work Melanie showered and dressed.  She wore a pair of faded jeans and a light pink tee shirt.  Barefoot, she curled up on the couch to mourn her friend’s death.  Prayer would help her through, even though she felt distant from the God she’d known all her life.  She shed tears and allowed the salty fluid to travel unimpeded down her cheeks.  The shock of Colleen’s death left her.  Now the void was filled with grief.  Heavy sobs took hold of her for a few moments.  She let them take her in their spastic embrace.
In time she felt cleansed, not healed by any means, but purified by an outward love flowing through.  The ache wasn’t nearly as intense as when her father died.  She cried for days after laying him in the ground.  Depression became a daily reprieve from those who wished her well.  She couldn’t face those who offered to pray for her, or wished to embrace her in some veil of kindness.  Did God know the hatred she possessed in her heart then?  She wished she were a little girl again, when faith was much easier and her father lived.
Across the room she focused on a closed door, the other bedroom in the apartment.  She assumed the room was unused.  James kept the door shut.  Melanie normally fought the desire to give a curious nature a foothold in her life.  James hadn’t told her to stay away.  What would be the worse thing she could find?
She stood up from the couch and dried her cheeks with the backs of her hands.  At the door she briefly hesitated.  What lived in the privacy beyond was none of her business.  She turned the doorknob and opened the door on an empty void.  The room was barren except for an old guitar case standing in the farthest corner.  Sunlight flowed into the vacant space, uninhibited by drapes.  A closet built into the wall to her left drew her attention.  Curiosity gripped her.  She opened the door wide enough to let the outside light in.  Two sets of hiking boots, both size eleven, a backpack and a bedroll stood against the back wall.  Two jackets and a quilted flannel shirt hung from the bar.  James liked the outdoors, and he played the guitar.  These were positive attributes in her new friend.
The phone rang and she jumped, caught in the grasp of her own guilt.

***

The call from Detective Brown came just after noontime.  Melanie had returned to the condo after a late morning walk around the complex.  The day took on an autumn coolness that she found invigorating despite the sadness of the present time.  She answered the phone without hesitation.  
Earlier in the morning James called to check on her.  His call interrupted her nosey endeavor in the unused bedroom.  Her heart still raced in her chest when she answered the phone.  His concern for her was touching, gave her a sliver of security in a world gone completely awry.  
She anticipated hearing his voice again when she picked up the receiver.  The slim ray of sunshine her day hoped to encounter vanished.  Mitchell Gardiner had been murdered.  The detective hadn’t been overly compassionate about informing her of the latest news.  Melanie despised the man for what he allowed desperate young girls to make of themselves.  Obviously Detective Erin Brown felt the same.  Shock brought the darkness of the previous days back into her thinking.  Colleen died again in her memory.  The mere mention of Mitchell’s name brought back a part of her reality she avoided during her short walk in the sun.  A reality she also managed to stay clear of when James Hart was near her.  Another girl from the club was dead as well.  Heather Lewis, Melanie barely knew the girl.
“I’ve taken over the case for Detective Hammond and I’d like to talk to you about some loose ends,” Erin Brown stated with a firm nature.
“I told the detective everything I know.”
“What I’d like to talk to you about is the latest turn of events.  Are you at the address given to Hammond… still with a James Hart?”
“Yes.”
“I’m going to stop by within the hour.  Does that fit into your plans?
“I’ll be here.”
The caller hung up.  Melanie hugged herself and wished James were home.  Their story given to police lacked certain aspects of truth.  She didn’t think she could continue the lie without his direction.  She set the receiver back on the cradle and took a deep breath.  The intake of air didn’t cleanse her; it held her emotions in a fragile grip.  A part of her wished to leave, to run away from life as it had become.  There were facets of the last few days glimmering with hope, but they were only cracks in the moldy foundation.

***

“Hello… I’m Detective Erin Brown.” The woman at the door waved a badge before Melanie’s face as she entered the apartment.  The detective scanned the condo’s interior as if wall hangings, a sofa and television set gave her insight to the inhabitant’s deeper self. “You must be Miss LaChapelle.”
“Call me Melanie.” Her extended hand felt vulnerable when it wasn’t accepted.  Detective Brown looked at Melanie’s pale fingers, but made no effort to embrace them with her own.
“As I told you on the phone, Detective Hammond passed this case over to me.  In the last twenty-four hours… since you gave him your statement… there’s been added developments.  Sorry if I was harsh over the phone about Gardiner’s death.”
To Melanie the apology seemed shallow.  The detective sat on the couch without being directed.  Melanie took a chair across the room, lowering herself on the cushion once Erin Brown established her comfort.
“I need to go over your statement to Hammond,” the detective continued. “There are a few holes I’d like to fill… a few things I’m not really clear about.”
Melanie focused her attention on her guest.  Her fear of stumbling rose to the surface.  She fidgeted with her hands on her lap.  Erin Brown took notice.
“Miss LaChapelle, why did you delay until Sunday morning to report your presence at the crime scene?”
“I was scared… in shock I guess.”
“So this James Hart finds you along route twelve… in a state of shock… and he doesn’t consider bringing you to the hospital?”
“I don’t know what he considered… or didn’t consider.  I was in no condition...”
“One of your friends was found completely naked… the other wore nothing but a pair of panties, I would feel it’s safe to say you were in the same state of dress… or undress.”
Melanie breathed deeply; Detective Hammond had taken her statement without digging into the cavernous void of untruth.  She structured a lie in her mind, wondering if she could have had time to grab her discarded clothing before fleeing the warehouse.  The fabricated tale felt weak and before Melanie could decide on trying to sell the falsehood the detective responded for her.
‘”Naked… or maybe I’ll give you the benefit of a pair of panties.  James Hart sees you… in distress, pulls over…”
“He’s the one who called the police,” Melanie cut in. “I was frightened.  I couldn’t face what I was going to do… it’s not what I wanted to do.”
“You girls were there to do a lot more than dance… correct?”
“Yes.” Melanie’s voice tightened.
“Did you know James Hart before the other night?”
Melanie shook her head in response.
“So you are picked up by this guy on the side of the road and he takes you home and…”
“You don’t understand,” Melanie answered while trying to gather a grip on a flood of emotion.
“Then why don’t you explain to me exactly what happened.” 
“It’s mostly a blur,” Melanie admitted. “I remember seeing Darcy’s ex-boyfriend…”
“Mark Towne?”
“His name was Mark.  I’m not certain about his last name.  I remember shots being fired.  I saw Colleen take a hit… I ran from the warehouse and into the wooded area along the road.  I didn’t have my clothes.  I was barefoot.  I don’t remember much after that until I woke up here.”
“With Mister Hart nursing you back to health?”
The statement felt sarcastic, but Melanie knew the detective’s comment was truer than Erin Brown could ever imagine. “Yes,” she agreed with the detective’s cynicism. 
“I don’t understand something,” Detective Brown said. “I’m a little off subject here… but… from where I sit right now… across a room… I don’t picture you doin’ what the other girls at Toads do… strippin’ for a livin’ and performing whatever other tasks come along with the territory.  The few dancers I spoke to seem to fit into a stereotype.  To be completely honest… you don’t.”
“I’ve made a few really bad decisions.”
“One was getting involved with Mitchell Gardiner.”
Melanie nodded her agreement.  She sensed the detective’s hard shell of dislike for girls who sold their flesh begin to crack.  “I had nowhere else to turn at the time.  I felt desperate.”
“We’re never so desperate that we need to sell our values.”
Melanie felt the woman across the room acknowledged compassion as best she could, with her previous statement.
“What about men?” Erin Brown asked. “I talked to Travis.  He was with a dancer named Chloe.  I guess they’re a couple, a dancer and a bouncer.”
“They have an agreement… an understanding.  Darcy felt she had an agreement with her ex… Mark.  He claimed not to care about what she did for business.”
“How do you feel about that… the relationship part?” The detective asked the question as if she were a psychologist, analyzing a patient on her couch. “You’ll have to excuse me,” Erin Brown said. “When I was in college I considered a different career.”
“That’s okay,” Melanie replied before answering the question. “I don’t think a good relationship can form in that environment.”
The detective turned psychologist nodded in agreement before deciding to return to the matters that paid her salary. “Is there anything more you can tell me about this Mark Towne, other than what you previously reported?” 
“Just that… I think Darcy lived with him briefly.”
“He’s looking for you.  We’ve located a house he rents across town.  Keeping an eye on the property… but I don’t think he has any desire to return to that den.  Obviously he knows you’re a witness and thinks that you can lead us to him.  Because of that he’s willing to leave a trail of carnage until he finds you.”
“How so?”
“Mister Towne has threatened to take the life of one dancer for every day that passes until he finds you.  He left a note taped to Heather’s forehead.”
“Morbid.”
“Mister Towne has a lot of that going for him.  His kind can often be extremely dangerous.  He’s totaling up a list of victims… I don’t want to see it continue to grow.”
“I can’t just show up on his doorstep,” Melanie argued.
“That would not be wise, but there is another option… if you’re prepared to help us catch a killer.”
Chapter 37




Margaret stood by the window wearing her pajamas rather than the hospital issued jonnie.  She watched the clouds of the late afternoon sky and anticipated the freedom tomorrow morning would bring.  The hazy image of someone leaning over her wouldn’t escape her memory.  A blonde girl, hair flowing past her face, touching her, feeding her limbs the strength to move.  Up from the darkness Margaret rose to a life renewed. 
She felt the blonde girl bore responsibility for bringing her back, for waking her from a sleep she preferred to keep.
“How’re you feelin’?” A familiar voice asked from the hallway. 
“James,” she stated without excitement or disappointment.  She didn’t move toward him as he entered the room.  An awkwardness that shouldn’t have been there hung heavy in the air.
“I saw your mother downstairs.”
“My stepmother,” she corrected him.
“She told me about yesterday… waking from the coma.  She said the doctor’s gonna let you leave tomorrow.”
“They want to keep me another day for observation.”
“It’s amazing, one moment the doctors are…”
“I know… miracles.  I really don’t believe in them.”
James moved deeper into the room with caution.  She felt his tension.  The memory of the dream planted in her mind just before waking up wouldn’t leave her. “She said there was someone in my room,” Margaret spoke of the unshared vision.
“Who said someone was in your room?”
“It’s what the nurse was saying to herself when I woke… yesterday evening.  I didn’t want to frighten her, so I just listened.  It’s kinda strange, but I have this image in my mind, a girl leaning over me… she’s blonde… never saw her before.  Her hand’s on my arm I think.  She’s talking, but I can’t hear anything she says.”
“Maybe you were simply dreaming before you woke up completely.”
“Maybe,” she agreed, but doubted the possibility.
He sought to change the subject. “Everyone at work is asking about you.”
“I’m not going back.” She watched the look of confusion spread across his face. “I’m going to go stay with my stepmother for a while.  She’s alone… I’m alone.” She waited for a response from James contradicting her claim to loneliness.  His argument didn’t come to the surface. “We’ve had a lot of wasted years between us since my father died and…” She hesitated, wishing not to dig too deep in the past, simply to get through this single moment in the present. “In a way I was using you to get past a nightmare in my life.  It’s not fair.”
“We’re both guilty of using each other,” he admitted.
“Donna and I have a lot of catching up to do.  She feels that if maybe she’d been more understanding… I might be a different person today, more able to be with a man as a lover, not need to play games with a friend just so I can get beyond scars of the past.”
“It wasn’t all a game.”
“I don’t love you… and probably never will.  And you don’t love me.  We were just allowing ourselves the luxury of believing in an emotion for each other… so we wouldn’t feel too much guilt.  Had we shared intercourse our relationship would have ended within the week.  You would have moved on from your relationship with Sheila and I would have moved on from the past.”
“Simple as that?”
“Do you disagree?”

***

Truth was James didn’t disagree with Margaret’s assessment of their brief relationship.  He could have used his one-night stand with Julie to argue in favor of her thesis.  He also felt drawn to a certain blonde whose breast felt comfortable in the palm of his hand, despite the bullet made wound.
In a way he left Margaret’s hospital room a free man.  Breaking off relationships, no matter how short in duration, had never been an easy task for him.  He knew it was best for him to always tread gently into affairs of the heart.  James had a tendency for jumping in and then fighting like hell not to plunge into the pit’s bottom.  As he pulled into the parking space out front of his condo he considered diving headlong into a tryst with Melanie.
At the first floor window, looking out over the parking lot, he noticed his houseguest.  She waved tentatively.  He returned the motion of her hand with more enthusiasm.  He called from the office before leaving and told her he planned to stop by the hospital.  She agreed, with an obvious sadness in her voice, it was the right thing to do.
She met him at the door, a greeting he knew he could get used to. “How is she?” She asked.  
“She’s up… getting’ out tomorrow and going to live with her stepmother.”
She allowed room for him to pass into the living room of the apartment.  They brushed hips and James felt aroused. “Where does her stepmother live?”
“Far away,” he answered.  He allowed a smile to touch his lips to show his lack of disappointment. “She has nothing here and she and her step-mom have a lot of lost time to catch up on.”
“And the two of you?”
“Never was anything real when you break it down.  We were using each other.” James nearly pulled the Melanie into his arms.  The desire flowed through his flesh to taste her lips.  He knew, if she submitted, they’d end up flesh-to-flesh in a bond of intense lovemaking.  The smile on her face offered him hope.
“That’s too bad… in a way.”
James sat on the sofa as Melanie closed and secured the front door. “Donna Richards made me see something about myself I didn’t really like.” He noticed a look of confusion cross Melanie’s face. “She’s Margaret’s stepmother.  We had a talk a few nights ago when I was at the hospital.  She hit it right on the nose.  Margaret and I were both using each other for selfish purposes.  I didn’t like being forced to see the truth about myself.”
“Sometimes it makes it easier to look in the mirror.”
“Another sermon of minister LaChapelle?”
“No… it’s an observation I’ve taken about myself lately.  A few days ago I saw someone completely different… someone I was trying hard to be.  Now I see me as I really am.”
“Strange… how you can be someone for a long time and not see the phoniness of your disguise.  Then, when you remove the mask, everything seems to take on a different clarity.
Melanie sat on the couch beside him.  She turned toward him, one leg on the cushioned seat, her hands in reach of his if he chose to hold them. “I had a visitor today.”
James wondered if jealousy was appropriate.
“An officer Brown… Erin Brown.  She’s a detective working on the… murders.  Mitchell Gardiner was found dead in the parking lot behind Toads this morning.  A girl named Heather was found dead in his office.  They’d both been shot and the police have linked the weapon to the one used to kill Colleen, Darcy and…”
Her voice caught in her throat and James used to opportunity to grip her hands.
“I barely knew Heather and it sickens me to feel that Mitchell deserved whatever he got.  My father would have called the desire for revenge as he saw it… sinful.”
He stroked the soft flesh on the top of her hand and waited for her to continue.  She rested back, against the couch, but made no effort to pull from his grasp.
“She told me his last name is Towne… Mark Towne.”
The name brought a sickening feeling into James’ stomach.  He couldn’t figure the reason, but as Melanie spoke the killer’s identity, James imagined the voice of Julie Lindquist.
“You okay?” Melanie asked.  
He nodded, unsure why the name caused turmoil in his abdomen. 
“He’s looking for me,” she continued. “He knows who I am and he’s threatened to kill a girl… everyday… until he finds me.”
“Do they have any leads… as to his whereabouts?”
“They’ve got a stakeout on his residence, but detective Brown doesn’t feel he has any reason to return there.”
“If he did they’d have him,” James reasoned.
“And if he doesn’t… another girl from Toads might die tonight.”
“And they plan to avoid that how?”

***

Over the last couple hours Melanie rehearsed the conversation they now found them selves in.  James was not happy with Detective Brown’s idea to use Melanie to draw out Mark Towne.
“A candlelight ceremony at a strip joint,” he said with thick sarcasm.
“Some of the girls need to do this.  I need to.”
“But why there?  It doesn’t do anything but make targets out of not only you… but every girl who shows her face.  Obviously this guy is unstable.”
“I think his threat to keep killing until he finds me is real.”
“I don’t doubt that Melanie… I just think the plan is stupid.”
“And what does that say for me?”
James got up from the couch without answering.  He moved to the window and studied the world beyond. “I’m worried,” he said quietly. “I’m worried about you.”
“I have more work to do… this special task you passed on to me.  Don’t think I can get out of the living just yet.”
“That’s not funny.”
Melanie saw his concern for her in its depths.  She considered moving to him, touching him and maybe allowing herself to be taken in his embrace.
“I need to do this… please understand.”
“Then I’m going with you.” The tone of his voice contained insistency.
“I don’t think… that’s not what Detective Brown planned.”
“Then she will have to improvise.”

***

James could be incredibly persistent.  The stubborn and domineering side of his personality didn’t endear her to him, but it didn’t frighten her either.  What she had come to know of him over the last couple days outweighed the unrelenting force she now dealt with.  She gave into him, not to simply submit herself to a brutal force, but because she understood his persistence came out of his concern and a growing emotion she felt might be mutual.  A long time had passed since she felt anyone distress over something she chose to do.  In a way it soothed her uneasiness about her decision to assist the police.
Before going to Toads and making a target out of herself, James would accompany her to the wake for Colleen.  He would then go with her to Toads, hold a candle and listen to strippers dealing with the death of one of their own.  James wasn’t going to let her out of his sight.  Despite their disagreement, or more accurately, because of their disagreement she felt certain that Margaret was of the past and she resided in the present.
Melanie thought a murder investigation might delay the release of Colleen’s body.  Her friend’s parents pulled a few strings with the police department and a local politician.  Colleen’s father had a couple friends in high places within the police force.  Her mother was the first cousin of a State Representative’s wife.  
Colleen’s relationship with her parents had been non-existent.  Some of their struggles developed during Colleen’s high school years, but most of the strain came due to Colleen’s choice of profession.  Mr. and Mrs. O’Brien knew their daughter stripped.  They were aware of little else in Colleen’s life.  A lot of guilt would force its way through tears for a long time to come.  She was glad the O’Briens were at least going to be able to start finding some sort of closure.
Melanie dressed conservatively in a dark blue dress and matching heels.  She would need to change before going to Toads.  In a satchel she neatly folded a pair of faded jeans and a white camisole.
“You look nice,” James said when she came from the room.
“I picked it up when I was still trying to find a reputable job.”
“Secretarial?” He joked.
“Can’t type.”
“Sorry.”
“That I can’t type?”
“That I called this plan stupid.”
“You’re concerned.”
“Deeply.”
Chapter 38




In his headlights he saw a car parked along the street that didn’t belong.  He’d left enough leads along the way to allow any stupid cop to suspect him.  Didn’t matter now.  He possessed no desire to continue as Mark Towne any longer.  A new personality had come to life.  He felt confident and the handle of the weapon he claimed nine lives with, assured him that his belief in his self would continue to grow.
He drove past the unmarked police car.  Four hours ago he abandoned the peeling rental wreck and hot wired his present mode of transportation.  The white Chevy Caprice he drove was a few years newer than the dark brown law enforcement sedan staking out his home.  The theft might have been reported by now, but the officers in the stakeout were not concerned with anything beyond the front door of Mark Towne’s humble abode.
He pulled over a couple blocks beyond the address where the police expected him to show up.  His next move needed to be considered carefully.  Before leaving the scenes of his crimes and becoming someone completely different he needed to bind together the frayed edges of this life.  Had the blonde named Melanie not survived none of this would have been necessary.  Mark Towne could have gone on through life as useless as always.  In a way she did him a favor.
The stripper named Heather knew her name.  Mitchell knew Melanie shared an apartment with Colleen, one of the victims of his rage.  He doubted the blonde would be coming back to the dwelling now, not alone anyway.  He wasn’t willing to risk confronting her in that situation.
“Toads,” he formed the word slowly through his lips.  The single syllable tasted foul.  He reasoned that his target might show at the strip club, the site of Mitchell Gardiner’s death.  During the newscast on the radio at five o’clock there was brief mention made of a candlelight ceremony at the club.  The strippers would be clothed, holding candles and offering fond memories of the hell-bound dead.  
What would draw her, the same attraction that brings teenagers to the site of a comrade’s death along a roadside?  Would she leave a memento of her time spent behind the closed door of the pervert’s office?  He figured they would all be drawn, and if not the blonde named Melanie then at least another to suffice for the night.
He checked his rearview mirror for lights on the street before pulling away from the curb.  He turned on the radio and found a pre-tuned station offering the Bad Finger hit ‘Come and Get It’.  His fingers adjusted the volume knob to the right.  With the level of decibels cranked up he joined in with the refrain.

***

Colleen O’Brien’s parents existed on the side of life that either ignored darkness or prayed it into nonexistence.  The world harbored nothing but good will for them until now.  Even when Colleen went astray from their beliefs they cast aside the shadows in their life, not by giving them to a supreme being, but by pretending they didn’t exist.
Melanie wondered if Colleen was ever truly loved.  Through the time they’d known each other her friend always sought acceptance in shallow ponds of loneliness.  She flocked with people who used her for her appearance, fed her addictions and then would discard her when the sexual appeal of her unblemished flesh faded.  Melanie could see her own reflection in the same pond, Colleen dived in, Melanie gave into caution, wading out to her waist, hoping for the strength to return to shore.  It was not simply the voice of her father from the pulpit that gave pause and then guilt to her actions.  There remained the lure of a vocation from her past.  Long ago she promised to follow, wherever drawn.  Like a lamb pursuing her shepherd.  She abandoned that pledge when she felt most forsaken by God.  At the moment the embrace of unconditional love held her firm.  She trusted it wouldn’t let go, hoped it wouldn’t leave her at another graveside, empty and alone.
Her father used to remind her that she was never alone with Jesus.  After Reverend LaChapelle’s death the void he filled as a parent and mentor emptied itself.  In its wake she questioned everything about faith.
The casket where Colleen’s body laid was closed.  Her parents chose not to see the face of their daughter in their weakest hour.  Mr. and Mrs. O’Brien wore sadness on the exterior.  How deep did the pain soak in?
The thought of promised eternity passed over Melanie.  Heaven and hell, both were places she believed in.  Did God understand the loneliness of His creation?  Why wasn’t Colleen worthy of a second chance?  
“Don’t question God,” James whispered, as if knowing her thoughts.
“Why not?”
“Seems that if we start there’s no way to stop.”
The line of mourners brought she and James to the coffin and the elaborate displays of flowers and Mass Cards.  Colleen’s family was Catholic.  The cross hung on the wall over the casket portrayed the crucified body of Jesus, stretched out, bleeding and beaten.  In her father’s church the cross was barren.  Joy presented itself in the grain of the empty wood.  The plaster body of Christ, hanging in submission, reminded her of her savior’s pain endured for sin.  She saw solace in the empty cross, because in her heart he lived.  There were many things about other Christian denominations she didn’t understand.
James knelt at the casket.  Melanie followed his lead.  She held back tears and the desire to scream at her savior.
She stood up from the kneeler after James, shook hands with Mr. O’Brien, hugged Colleen’s mother and made her way from the funeral home.
“You’re Catholic?” Melanie asked on their way to the car.
“Not a very good one.”
“Why not?”
“My folks raised my brother and I to attend Mass weekly… and try to lead lives of strong Christian values.  My brother and his family… they do a pretty good job at it.  I don’t.”
“So you don’t consider yourself a good Catholic because you don’t go to Mass every week?  Isn’t that just a rule?  I mean you can still be a good Christian by the way you lead your life.”
“I’m not very good at that either.”
“You have to be better at it than I am.”
He turned toward her as they reached the parked car. “You remind me of the lost sheep.  The herder leaves his flock looking for you.  I think He would have looked for years without end because you needed to be found.”
“He looked for you too… and found you.  And where did He have to look… in the embrace of a girlfriend… in front of a television on a Sunday afternoon.  To find me he had to walk into a strip joint, find me naked.  He followed me...” She cut off her statement and took a deep breath in an effort to seal off emotion. “He followed me into Mitchell’s office at my lowest… and He followed me to that warehouse.  He knew my intentions, every one of them.” Tears crept from her overflowed eyes.  She felt the combination of sadness for a dead friend and confession collide.  He touched her tear stained cheek.  For a moment she waited for their lips to meet, then remembered his promise not to come to her bed. ‘Because of what you let yourself become,’ she reasoned in the silence of her heart.

***

Erin Brown showed up at Toads dressed in a manner lacking comfort.  Diana, who accompanied her, seemed more at ease with the mini skirt, heels and tube top.  During her college years Erin felt confused about her sexuality.  A relationship with a girl a year older haunted her.  Diana aroused her in a similar fashion.  She closed her mind to the physical world, feeling that her most recent breakup with a man left her on the banks of a tainted pond.
“Lieutenant,” Diana cut into the thick air between them, “maybe if we dressed like this more often we wouldn’t be such lonely females.”
“I think loneliness comes from our choice of profession.”
Erin turned her personal vehicle, a red Plymouth Duster, into a parking space close to the building.  A few cars were scattered in the spaces in the side lot.  The sign, which advertised Toads as a place of immorality, didn’t shine into the night sky.  They left it dark, inviting only the most desperate to join them with candles and unanswered questions.  She wondered if a church like spirit would hover over the club.  A few would pray, despite the fact that Mitchell Gardiner was a vile man who preyed on empty young girls.  Erin believed in little of the spiritual realm.  She’d been raised un-churched as a child and had yet to find proof of any deity, good or evil.
She stepped out of her car.  Heels were not much of a challenge, the length of her skirt was.  She tugged at the hem, but couldn’t lengthen the garment.  Her top fit too tightly, outlining the texture of her nipples.  She felt like a prostitute and knew she and Diana wore the look equally well.
“Not a very large turnout,” Diana commented.
“Sign of a serial killer that needs to be stopped.”
“I also believe that sometimes… those who are surrounded by large adorning… yet phony crowds, in life, are lonely in death.”
“I take it that after a couple years in the almighty police force you still believe in fair judgments.”
“Man’s judgment is flawed,” Diana responded.
“Then you’re referring to the judgment of a higher authority?”
“Yeah.”
“I was never raised to lean on that crutch.”
At the front of the Plymouth Erin stopped to light a cigarette.  She smoked four or five a day.  At the moment, the pause to light up, gave her a chance to view their surroundings without looking suspicious. 
“Ya know… the girl he’s after… Melanie,” Erin said between puffs. “She was the daughter of a deceased minister.  Still talks a bit like a person who believes that kind of stuff.  She walked in here, stripped down to a pair of panties, shook her ass and probably had sex for a few bucks with horny old men… all the while being a person raised on religion.  Sounds weak to me.”
“Regardless of belief… life can be a struggle,” Diana said in defense.
“The world is screwed up… and it’s screwed tightly around religion.  I mean I’m sure you’re no Virgin Mary.”
“What does that have to do with it?”
“Isn’t the goal to be like those you worship?” Erin had taken this course of conversation to the point of anger in the past.  It was a major part of the reason her last guy friend walked out of her apartment, leaving a slammed door as an exclamation point marking their relationship’s demise. 
“We struggle… we have weaknesses,” Diana admitted. “Our goal is not to give up.”
“And do you tell yourself that every time you invite a new man into your bed?”
Diana paused for a moment.  Erin knew she’d struck a harsh chord.
“I don’t know if that’s any of your business Lieutenant.”
A car pulling into a space the next row over caught Erin’s attention.  The blonde sought by Mark Towne got out of the vehicle wearing faded jeans, heels and a sheer white camisole.  Melanie LaChapelle looked nothing like a minister’s offspring, and everything like a stripper.
Chapter 39
	



He wondered why they needed to pay homage to their patron saint in such a manner.  The soulless tasting the bitter sorrow of death and knowing heaven didn’t wait for them.  Mark knew they were creatures of hell and Darcy in the present sat at Lucifer’s side, one of his many whore brides.
He believed in his own sanctification, thanks to his rampage against the defiant.  If a god existed who rewarded vengeance, he would welcome a soldier made from the mold of Mark Towne.  A combatant turned away by his country in dishonor.  Those days were gone now.  He found the war he was destined to fight.
With the police keeping watch on his shelter he chose to cruise through the backdrop of his life.  The thought of Toads and the blonde named Melanie lingered in his mind.  His subconscious deliberation wandered through memories immersed in shadows.  An unholy ritual played out in his imagination.  Would they strip first, since Mitchell rarely saw any of them clothed?  Would the driving beat of raucous music pour out onto the street as they celebrated one of their own being drawn back to Satan?  He closed his eyes as he sat beneath a red traffic light and knew he could send many demons back into the pit tonight.
Sending them back to hell, one at a time seemed much more rewarding, a daily sacrifice.  He could relish in a single life taken, where he remembered the color of their horrified eyes in the moment after confession and just before death.  He ruled out a massive cleansing and decided his original plan to take one each day would prove more rewarding.  He would kill the blonde tonight, if she where there.  If not another would be suitable.  He almost wished the blonde would stay clear of his sight.  His promise was to stop judgment on these soulless creatures after her death.  He didn’t believe he could keep that particular promise any longer.
He pulled the stolen Chevy into the parking lot of a business down the street from Toads.  Only a few units in the strip mall were lit.  A dentist’s office and a real-estate agency were both closed.  A pizza and grinder shop welcomed customers.  The forth unit, on the end where he parked, offered a ‘For Rent’ sign in its window.
He counted twelve cars in Toads parking lot. “Not a great night for business,” he said from the privacy offered by the interior of his vehicle.
Mark watched two girls he hadn’t seen before standing in the light outside the club.  One smoked a cigarette while they conversed at the side of the building.  They were obviously dancers, dressed to arouse.  The one with red hair he found attractive.  She showed an abundance of long legs and seemed a little self-conscious of the fact.  If he didn’t find the blonde tonight, the redhead would do.  The other girl possessed a darker shade of skin.  She was either Hispanic or a mixed breed.  He felt prejudiced hatred beneath his flesh.  His father hated anyone without white skin.  Mark learned the lesson of racial bigotry without defect.  He made his father proud.
Another vehicle pulled in.  He noticed the two girls at the side of the building direct their attention to the newcomer.  His targeted blonde stepped out of the passenger’s side.  An unthreatening male got out from behind the driver’s wheel.  Mark figured he should warm the dude about getting involved with girls who, by nature, were nothing more than cheap thrills on lonely nights.  Then again, he had to learn his lesson for himself.
The three women and the single male paused beside the building.  They conversed briefly with a few head nods.  The guy hugged the redhead, like a brother embraces a sister before offering his sympathy to the mixed race girl.

***
 
“Looks like you decided against my recommendations,” Erin Brown said to Melanie as the couple approached.  The detective had suggested Melanie come to Toad’s without an escort.  Undeterred she introduced her partner, “This is officer Diana Jameson.”
The darker skinned girl nodded. 
“This is James,” Melanie introduced her company.
“Forgive me if I don’t shake your hand,” the red haired detective replied, “but we’re possibly being watched.  The cars in the parking lot are all unoccupied… but there has been activity over at the mini mall.  Our perp could be anywhere.  We should make this look real good for our friend… Mister Hart.  I think you ought to console your girlfriend’s co-workers with a hug.”
James followed Erin’s instructions and embraced both police officers.
Erin dropped her cigarette on the ground and squashed it beneath the toe of her shoe. “Should give these up,” she commented before asking Melanie, “You ever have a habit like this… addictions you can’t break?”
“I don’t smoke,” Melanie answered.
“Smoking ain’t the only habit a girl can have.  Some girls drink excessively, some pop pills.”
“We should probably move inside,” Diana suggested.  
Detective Brown glared at her subordinate.  Digging into the minds of girls who sold their sexuality excited her.  Deep in the heart of every stripper, every hooker, was a girl not so unlike Erin Brown.  She liked finding that one moment where their course in life took direction.  With Melanie she considered it was something as simple as her father’s death and maybe a few bad relationships with ignorant men.
Without responding verbally to her partner Erin moved toward the front of the building.  The other three followed.  They entered Toads through the front door, greeted by Travis Langston.  The bouncer knew the stakes; as did most who came to show respect to a man who deserved none.  Erin liked to think the girls were all here for Heather, but it seemed the dancer found dead in Mitchell’s office this morning possessed few friends.
“Amazing… isn’t it,” Erin commented softly.  
Diana turned, but didn’t respond.
“I sense a sadness,” Erin continued, “over the death of a man who was nothing more than a perverted pig.  Yet… when it comes to this girl… Heather, I sense fear.  They’re afraid they could be next.”
“That’s nothing more than a judgment… on your part,” James Hart inserted his opinion.  
Erin was shocked to find that he overheard her comment. “Our man hiding behind a gun thinks he can cast his judgment over those he detests.  Mine is far better than his.  My judgment leaves them alive… no better than they were… no less.  His judgment leaves them dead… and believe me the only judgments that matter are those taking place right now.”

***

Mark decided to move toward the parking lot once the three dancers and their male companion went inside.  Taking out the blonde in the company of her male companion would be messier than he figured.  She should have come alone.  Why did so many of these girls have men addicted to them?  He had no interest in aborting his plan.  If the car the blonde arrived in remained unlocked, he could possibly hide in the back.  In that case both occupants of the front seat would have to die.  The blonde would submit to eternal damnation first.  He would make her male friend see what she really was deep down in the immoral pits of her existence.  He’d make her promise to perform vile acts in order to keep breathing.  Mark needed no sexual gratification from those like her; Darcy had been his last lustful temptation.  He needed only to hear the confession of her true self. 
A couple stepped outside from the club’s front door.  He knew the male was named Travis.  He associated no moniker with the girl, but knew she was a dancer and any name he heard her referred to might have been fictitious.  She wore a pair of tight jeans and a long sleeved blouse tied up to reveal her midriff.  He lowered himself behind a parked car, keeping the front entrance in sight.  The vehicle the blonde had shown up in sat a row away.  He didn’t want to draw any attention to himself this early in the hunt.
The couple embraced like lovers.
Darcy once told him she’d been with Travis, as had most of the dancers from Toads.  Mitchell’s employee was created from the same mold as Gardiner himself.  Mark considered wiping the world clean of not only girls who sold themselves, but the guys who made purchase, as well.
The couple moved to the side of the building and Travis leaned back against the fender of a late modeled Ford.  He pulled the girl into a firm embrace and locked her lips with his.  Mark wondered how far the intimate interlude would go.  Travis’ hand cupped the firm curve defining the dancer’s backside.  She pressed her thin frame forward, against her man’s prize as the kiss gained passion.
Mark moved from one side of the bumper, shielding him from view, to the other.  He crept along the passenger’s side of his chosen barrier.  From the front fender he remained well hidden and the closer proximity allowed him to overhear pieces of the couple’s conversation.
Little of the lustful dialog made sense.  The girl’s voice was thick with arousal.  The male barely spoke.  Mark knew what the stripper wanted and Travis wasn’t going to have to pay for her services tonight.  He wondered if the couple could maintain control or would they give in to their yearning where they stood, making him a one-man audience.
Travis and the horny dancer moved toward the back of the building.  Mark took the opportunity to check the car the blonde arrived in.  He cursed his luck after finding all four doors locked.  Maybe the idea wasn’t a wise one after all.  The police would have told Melanie about the note taped to Heather’s forehead, or would they.  If she knew she was being targeted she might be cautious.  Maybe that was the reason for the male escort.  He nearly underestimated the girl.  The guy who drove her to Toads tonight might have been a professional, offering protection for sex since the dancer obviously couldn’t pay money for such a service.  Despite the guy’s lack of brawn, a concealed gun would be an equalizer.  Mark understood the power a weapon gave.
He decided to follow the couple around back.  If he couldn’t erase the blonde from this reality than he could take out his frustration on Travis’ girl.  Mark moved quickly between vehicles, stooped low to limit his chances of being seen.  Neither Travis nor his aroused girlfriend were anywhere to be found behind the club.  There were no cars in the rear of the building.  Mitchell Gardiner had usually been the only one to park at the club’s back entrance.  The lack of yellow police tape, identifying the building’s rear as a crime scene concerned him.  The fact that no one had taken it upon themselves to park in Mitchell’s space clung for a moment in his mind.  Why was anyone even at the club tonight?  Churches were the houses where even the unholy gathered to remember the dead.  
Ignoring what might have been better judgment Mark went straight to the door marked private.  He checked the bulge at the front of his tee shirt.  The rise extended beneath the waist of his pants.  His source of security remained concealed for the moment.  
The doorknob turned freely in his grip.

***

A celebration of life, that’s what Monique referred to their ceremony as.  They sat at the tables where patrons usually called out to the dancers with sexual overtones.  Candles burned, a couple girls discarded a few random tears.  Maybe they thought it was the correct response to have, although Melanie doubted anyone truly cared for Mitchell.  
Monique had danced at Toads for eleven years.  Rumors floated around about her and Mitchell.  For a couple years they were an item.  If one person in the room actually cared for the deceased man it was Monique.
“I remember Mitchell in a fond way,” Monique said with a tone sounding rehearsed. “I’m sure a few of you feel the same.”
The room remained silent.  No one rushed to offer praise for Mitchell Gardiner.  Melanie thought of the one helpless night in his office, when her world spun into a deep abyss.  She looked into the palms of her hands and prayed for her own soul.
“I knew Heather,” a brunette at the table where Monique sat said. “I mean… I just knew her through here.  We talked a couple times about things.  She kept to herself.  She seemed okay and all.”
“No matter what or who Mitchell Gardiner was he didn’t deserve to die like that.” The firm voice of reason belonged to Erin Brown, a detective dressed like the rest of the girls, who on any other night would be removing garments to heavy beats.
Monique nodded her agreement.
“I think,” Melanie offered softly, “we should make mention of both Colleen and Darcy and also...”
“And Phoenix,” the brunette near Monique added.
“In a way we’re like a family,” Monique took back the stage. “A family that has been dealt a number of harsh blows in the last few days.  A family that loses its members needs to come together and celebrate the memory of those lost.”
“I hated Mitchell,” a quiet girl with short blonde hair said.  Her name was Melissa.  She danced on occasion, but was normally seen at Mitchell’s side.  They were not a couple in the sense that Monique and Mitchell Gardiner were once. “I believe he received what was owed.  The victims here are Darcy, Colleen, Phoenix and Heather.”
“That’s crude,” Monique commented, barely containing her anger.
“Mitchell was murdered… just as the four girls were murdered,” Erin Brown added.
“He raped me,” Melissa said, “not sexually… but emotionally.  I gave him my body without much hesitation, knowing what there was to gain… or lose.  But he took more… much more.”
“He tried to take the essence of what we are,” Melanie added.
Melissa nodded her head vigorously, glad for an ally.
“Still… the man is dead,” Monique grabbed at the reigns of the conversation. “He offered us employment when we should have been on welfare and eating in soup kitchens… or worse… selling ourselves on street corners.”
“All I have to say is he was an animal… and he doesn’t deserve our sympathy.”
Monique lost her control at Melissa’s final remark. “Fuck you, bitch,” she screamed while slamming a fist o the table.  She rose and kicked an empty chair to her right.  
The outburst brought Detective Brown to her feet.  
An inserted observation by Diana Jameson redirected a moment falling toward chaos. “Where’s Chloe and Travis?”
Chapter 40




On the previous evening, Mark left Toads by the same exit he now entered through.  The space beyond was unlit.  He felt for a light switch along the wall, but after finding it, chose to leave the area bathed in darkness.  He knew the hallway to his right led to the office where Mitchell Gardiner coerced his dancers into selling more than just a peak at their naked flesh.  The man was persuasive, but he hired those who were either insecure or absent of morals.  Darcy was of the latter.  Ahead of Mitchell’s office was a second door.  He knew the sign on the opposite side of the entry stated ‘Private’.  
To his left the dark canal led to the dressing room.  Another marker of boundaries hung on the door at the hallway’s end.  It read ‘Staff Only’.  Heather confirmed his assumption last night when they passed this same spot.  He could see the door last night, thanks to an overhead light.  Tonight it was lost in the dense black void.  
The dressing room offered multiple access points to the public area of the club.  He knew the layout of the back room.  On two occasions Darcy had given him tours of her work place.  A half dozen stations where the dancers could apply makeup before their mirrored images were positioned along one wall.  Racks with various forms of attire set in rows against a second wall.  There were two entry points to the stage.
He wondered about Travis and the girl and the trap he felt closing around him.
An indecisive moment held him in place.  He listened to the absence of music.  There was no audience tonight, and if one had nestled their hind sides at the circular tables there would have been nothing to see.  It interested him, the way some people dealt with death.  Most would kneel in a church or at some site blessed by nature and pray for the soul, good or evil.  These immoral few felt it necessary to remember the sinner in the place of sin.  He found it best to move beyond death quickly.  Wakes, funerals, churches, gravesides, were rituals and places he chose to avoid.  Once flesh was dead it possessed no value and the spirit, if any resided, moved on without delay.
He turned left, feeling his way through darkness, careful not to announce his presence to the few gathered on the opposite side of the thin wall.  His outstretched palms found wood.  His right hand found the doorknob.
The layout of the back hall was perfect.  When Mitchell requested a visitation from one of the girls she could slip unseen from the nest shared with kindred flesh to his deviant haven.  He believed Mitchell Gardiner hired girls who had little problem walking this hall, wearing nothing but a short robe, soon to be puddle at their feet.
Entering the room with caution, he found one dressing station lit.  The rest were lost in darkness as was any possible threat to him.  At the wall separating the room from the stage he paused on his side of a partially closed door.  He heard conversation from the floor at the front of the stage.  The door opened to a small alcove, invisible to most positions in the main room.  He carefully slipped through the provided opening, hoping the hinges wouldn’t call attention to their use.

***

“They probably just slipped out back for quickie,” Monique answered Detective Jameson. “I’ve never seen a couple that hot for each other.”
“You have to be careful walking into the dressing room, or back hall some nights,” a small raven-haired girl agreed. “I’ve been embarrassed a few times.  Never seemed to bother them.”
Erin caught the expression of concern on Diana’s face.  She agreed with her partner’s concern completely.  The front doors had been locked, but Travis possessed keys.  Her plan was to lure Mark Towne into the building after most of the others had left.  She, Diana, Melanie and the blonde’s escort would stay behind.  The front entrance would be left unlocked.  She didn’t think someone like Mark Towne could resist the invitation.  She was also well aware that if he sunk his teeth Chloe tonight his hunger might be satisfied for one more day.  A vampire’s image floated through her mind.  She watched too many horror flicks for her own good.
Diana stood up from the table first.  Erin immediately followed.
“Where are you two goin’?” Monique asked.
James Hart rose from his seat beside Melanie. “I believe they stepped out front,” he said.  
A small foyer sat beyond a set of ornate double doors.  Erin motioned for Diana to check the front entrance.  When Diana brought her police issued firearm into view a flood of concerned rushed over the gathering.
“What’s goin’ on?” Monique questioned firmly.
Erin pointed across the two tables to Melanie, “You explain.”
Despite the mini skirt hiking up her thighs, Erin moved nimbly around tables and chairs toward the back of the room.  She entered through the door marked ‘Private’ cautiously and felt blindly for a light switch along the paneled wall.  She flicked a toggle upward and two overhead fluorescents illuminated an unoccupied hallway.  She took note of the door immediately in front of her and the one at the far end of the hall.  A third door opened to the exterior of the building.  She cursed herself beneath her breath for not ensuring first hand that the door was secured.  She trusted Travis to accomplish the task, while Travis Langston had nothing but Chloe’s firm body on his mind.
The door, behind which she surmised Mitchell Gardiner’s office to be, failed to silence the thump of a weighted object falling to the floor.  

***

“Clear,” Diana announced as she stepped back into the main room from the foyer.  She wasn’t use to the risky side of police business and normally would not partner up with Erin for any fieldwork.  A year ago Erin’s partner took a bullet in his back during a chase.  No backup had been requested.  Erin Brown and Billy Joe Trainer went it alone.  They were spirits of a like manner.  Billy Joe now resided in Saint Mary’s cemetery and Erin still avoided proper police procedure.
This stakeout, the way they were dressed, the whole arrangement belonged to the mind of Erin Brown.  Technically they were both off duty.  If Diana couldn’t relate to the girls who worked joints like Toads she would have been home tonight watching sit-coms.  As it was Erin obsessed with serial killers and Diana once undressed on a stage before deciding on her present career path.
“Detective Brown went around back,” James Hart told her as she approached the table.
“I can’t believe we were brought into this… situation without being properly informed,” Monique shouted. “And you bitch,” she directed her anger at Melanie, “just because your ass is at risk doesn’t mean you have t’ drag us into it.  I owe you nothin’… and the same can be said for the other girls.”
“You’re all at risk,” Diana corrected. “This guy has no intention of stopping.  He likes what he’s doing… feels he’s on a mission.”
“From God or Satan?” Melissa asked.
“Does it matter?” Diana countered. “All I know is a guy like this takes life once and then finds himself addicted to the call.  He might have killed before… maybe not.  Maybe Phoenix was the first person he ever put a bullet in.”
“And he liked it,” James added.
“It still doesn’t give any of you the fuckin’ right to drag us into this.” Monique stood up from the table after stating her case.
“How many more girls would you like to find dead?” Diana tasted a sour disgust in her words.  Women like Monique were too hard to feel, too chaffed by the world around them to be concerned for others.
Monique reclaimed her seat. “I don’t suppose you’re gonna let us leave.”
“Not at the moment.  The safest place to be is right here.” 
Diana crossed the floor toward the stage.  One night, the summer before college, a boyfriend convinced her to dance on amateur night in some sleazy hole-in-the-wall.  She couldn’t understand why a guy who claimed to love her wanted her to strip for an audience.  It occurred to her that he might want to share her physically with other men as well.  The memory still tasted bitter.  Three beers on an empty stomach guided her way to submission.  A few tips cheapened the experience.  
If she’d been any deeper in thought, she might have missed the dull creak.  At the back of the stage something moved.

***

Mark had watched Darcy on and off the stage when they were a couple, catering to customers who tucked paper currency in her g-string.  Old men thrilled at the closeness of supple young flesh.  From his vantage point in the alcove leading to the dressing room he focused on the anger felt when his girlfriend pleased other men.  He wanted to watch her with one, or two, of these men in private.  No restrictions on how far she could go.  He believed if he gave into the sickness drawing him to her and witnessed another man enter his possession his jealous nature might be purged.  She would not allow him audience and he simmered with resentment toward her, gradually succumbing to the mental illness she forced upon him.
He felt cured of all disease now, although he would have liked stumbling upon Travis and his girlfriend on the floor of the dressing room, lost in intimate passion.  They weren’t gathered at the tables with the others, which led him to believe they chose Mitchell’s office for their rendezvous.
Every table top candle in the room glowed in reverence for the sinners.  The blonde was with the guy she arrived earlier with.  A couple girls with dark hair who danced often were in attendance as well as a couple others he’d never seen.  The redhead he watched previously, at the side of the building, didn’t occupy the small congregation, nor did her non-white friend.
“Clear!” 
The voice startled him.  From the front doors the dark skinned girl who had been with the cigarette-smoking redhead reentered the main room.  He realized she was concocted from an exotic mixture of genes.  In his estimation she was quite beautiful despite not being white.  He had never witnessed her dance before, but he figured she would move an arousing grace.
He didn’t notice the gun in her hand until she reached the others. The guy who was with the blonde said something about a detective.  His heart pounded in his chest as if a half-mile sprint was behind him.  
A set up, the dark girl and the redhead were cops.
Mark strove to listen to the conversation, gather what clues he could to how they expected this evening to play out.  They could not have planned for him to enter the building while they were all in attendance.  The two officers of the law must have prepared for a meeting with him in the parking area, after the ones, their law considered innocent, left.  Somehow they knew he would approach the blonde, taking the bait, while the redhead and her dark friend took him down.  He wouldn’t take life from a distance.  Death tasted less sweet when his eyes couldn’t absorb the fear of the victim.  They understood that much about him.  Taking life held a deeper level of fulfillment from close range.   
The dark cop moved toward his haven.  He could forfeit his calling for one night, retreat into the shadows outside.  He moved behind the door, back into the dressing room, forgetting that old hinges sometimes protested against movement.
Chapter 41




James reacted to Diana’s quick movement onto the stage.  She heard and saw something.  Recklessly the detective chose to storm into the disturbance.  Melanie stood abruptly.  Her chair toppled over behind her and crashed on the floor.
“Stay here,” James instructed as he followed Diana onto the stage out of sheer macho impulse.  
Melanie argued his demand in her head.  Verbally she obeyed in silence.
“This is our cue to get the hell out,” Monique said.
If the other girls at the tables agreed, Melanie paid no attention.  In her mind an urgent desire to call James Hart back to her rushed to the surface.  She found a possible foundation worth building on with the man who saved her life.  His presence healed not only her physical being, but her mental state as well.  If nothing came of the relationship with James Hart she would be no worse off than the girl he stumbled upon in the woods.  Still, she desired to be more and her feelings for James Hart felt secure.  She wasn’t about to sit still and obey, if all were at risk.
He climbed onto the stage as athletically as Diana had.  A sense of invulnerability swept over Melanie.  She still possessed a holy mission, a ministry.  One person had risen back from the edge of death by her touch.  Six more would receive second chances to live.  Mark Towne couldn’t kill her.
“You comin’ with us?” Monique asked. “We should let the folks trained for this kind of work handle this.”
The others were already at the door.  Monique lagged behind.
“You go,” Melanie answered. “This is about me.  I am the one they’re risking their lives to protect.”
“Have it your way doll.  Not everyone is meant to be heroes.”
Monique reached the doors as the sound of gunfire ruptured the air.  Two shots rang out simultaneously.  A third shot followed a moment of reprieve before giving way to an uneasy silence.  As Melanie arrived at the base of the stage, choosing to ignore her better reasoning, two more rounds echoed through the building.  The reverberation came from the back hallway and forced Melanie’s heart into her throat.  The following deluge of emotion pushed her past the brink of any fear.

***

Diana hit her target.  She didn’t call out a warning and chose to wound rather than kill.  James knew if he were in her place he would have aimed for the center of the perpetrators back.  Mark Towne spun to face his pursuer.  His pirouette was caused in part by slug in his shoulder.  He fired a random blast from a hungry revolver.  Diana fell, both hands clutching the hole in her abdomen.
James hoped Melanie had taken leave of the plan.  Stupidity demonstrated its ugly head all around the botched ambush.  He wished he’d listened to the voice inside him, the one reciting the belief that this stakeout wasn’t proper police procedure.
For a moment he thought Mark Towne chose to ignore him.  Blood soaked through the shoulder of the gunman’s shirt.  Only seconds passed before James found himself kneeling by Diana’s side.  He never took his eyes off the gun hanging at Mark Towne’s side.  He expected retreat from Darcy’s ex.  Instead the revolver sought sustenance.  A flare of flame warned of impending impact.  White-hot fire burned in his chest.  His eyes met the black pupils of Diana’s in the moment before they both faded.  His last thought was a prayer that Melanie had run from Toads and chose not to look back.

***

Chloe wore a red face of embarrassment, as she turned from a passionate embrace, topless.  She cupped both hands over her breasts, shielding her modesty.  For a girl who showed both nipples, frequently on stage, she seemed demure.  Travis was undisturbed by the interruption and made no effort to close the front of his pants, or button the front of his shirt.  Had the intrusion taken place a few moments in the future the couple would have been deeper into their escapade.  Two naked bodies on the floor trumps exposed breasts and a little peak at a well-endowed male.
If Erin felt any degree of discomfort it failed to show.  She wanted to chastise the horny pair before her.  When they all needed to be focused and serious these two chose to sneak off for a quickie in a dead man’s office.  Erin’s career was on the line.  This stakeout went against protocol.  Any fatalities, other than Mark Towne, would be hers to live with.  
Chloe’s eyes locked on the detective’s drawn weapon.  Reality sunk into the room, dropping like a heavy blanket.  Travis adjusted the front of his jeans and handed Chloe her discarded top.  
Before any comments could be made gunfire sang out.  Two quick bursts, a conversation between weapons.  Erin reacted swiftly and sprang into the hallway.  The shots came from the opposite end, behind the door leading to the dressing room.  A third cry of weapon’s discharge broke the silent reprieve.  Erin ran toward the door ahead of her.  She calculated the meaning of the first two shots fired.  The target and Diana had each gotten off a round.  The third shot fired concerned her most.  She knew that bullet succeeded in its fatal quest.  She hoped to find Mark Towne on the other side of the door with a slug in his chest.
Her panicked reaction would have been to rush through the closed door.  Police training taught her otherwise.  Maybe if she hadn’t listened to the voices in her head, filled with tactical knowledge, surprise would have belonged to her.  Instead the flushed face of Mark Towne appeared in the opening once sealed off by a wooden door.  His shock subsided quickly.  Erin nearly matched his return to a focused state of mind.  Two triggers were pulled, two bullets were made airborne, both pellets found their mark.  As Erin slumped to the floor, bleeding profusely from a hole in her neck, she witnessed Mark Towne fall back against a set of stairs in the dressing room.  He held his bleeding stomach.  Consciousness faded with Erin’s grip on life.  She wondered about Diana one last time, hoping not to see the dark skinned girl on the other side.

***

A scream froze in her throat as Melanie came from the stage into the dressing room.  Before her eyes James Hart fell from knees to face as onrushing death charged to meet him.  Diana was on the floor in obvious pain.  Her weapon set a few inches from outreached fingers and the growing trail of blood.
She felt drawn to James and Diana.  The gift of a second chance for Diana, a third for James, tingled through her limbs.  She prayed not to be called to heal the shooter, if one of the rounds fired found his flesh.  She knew she lacked the understanding of God’s will.
Melanie obeyed the entity pulling her, praying she sensed correctly.  Imploring with the almighty for the ability to keep both Diana and James from the embrace of death.  The puddle of blood spread out across the wooden floor from Diana’s stomach wound.  James was sprawled face down at the detective’s feet.  He no longer moved.  Their wounds were dire.  Melanie laid hands on both.
If all five shots were fired from the proximity of the dressing room, where was Mark?  The question possessed her mind as she scanned the room, looking for movement wherever shadows took to nesting.  James stirred; she hoped the movement represented a sign of healing.  Diana quieted and gave way to a calming peace, no longer moaning from pain.  She heard two light sounds upon the wooden floor.  Both bullets worked their way from the flesh they impaled and were now harmless slugs fired in vain.  She did not release her connection with either of the victims.
James shifted to his side.  His eyes met hers and then traveled to the fallen detective. “Gonna be… tough to explain.” His words came forth labored.  Melanie took his reaction as a sign that he was going to be all right.  He smiled, confirming the trust she had in the gift he gave her.
She wanted to respond, but emotion trapped the words in her throat.  She nearly lost him and everything, she hoped, they had a chance to become.
A noise in the stairwell leading out to the back hallway stole her attention from James Hart’s placid gaze.  Mark Towne stumbled over the rise, bloodstains pronounced wounds in his shoulder and abdominal region.  When he stood to face her she noticed the gun held in his right hand, hanging limply at his side.  With the palm of his left hand he tried in vain to seal off the flow of vital fluid from his stomach.  Wordlessly he raised the weapon.

***

Diana didn’t need to see blood on her clothing to know she’d been hit.  From approximately fifteen feet away the gunman struck his target.  She visualized in her mind all the gory graphics required.  She neared death and in her present state she shunned fears of the world beyond. 
Vaguely she felt a gentle touch, a hand located on a body removed from her soul.  Where fire previously burned in the pit of her bowels, coolness spread.  The excruciating pain ceased to ravage her flesh, chased from her body by some miracle drug.  She expected death to be the culprit.  
Her weapon beckoned her from the location where it had fallen, lying on the floor, eye level with its master.  She felt the fire inside her diminish.  With pain’s lessening grasp the gun seemed closer.  No longer was she separated from bone and flesh.  No longer was she simply an entity of spirit.  Awareness of the physical returned to her body, becoming once again trapped by the events of the present world.
She sensed the presence of others around her.  The girl who all this was about knelt between she and the guy named James.  Blonde hair cascaded over Melanie’s face and her hand settled on Diana’s hip.  Healing warmth spread from delicate fingers.  The compromised world, in a dressing room where the ghosts of strippers mourned, moved slowly, attempting to refocus on reality.
Movement in the stairwell, slower than her own, grabbed her attention.  The shooter, with a bleeding shoulder and the front of his shirt saturated with blood, climbed over the top tread.  He gripped his stomach, holding his last meal in place.  The weapon at his side stirred.  He seemed to seek deep into his inner core for the strength to move his right hand.  Commands were short-circuiting in the wounded body.  She watched his arm jerk as desire instructed, but muscles failed.
Her fingers reached the textured handle of her pistol.  She drew it into her palm, expecting renewed pain, but receiving no reminder of injuries unhealed.  The weapon of the perpetrator rose into the air between them in sequence with her effort to sit up and take aim.  The will to survive passed through the nerves in her finger a split second before passing through his.
Chapter 42




The ambulance carrying Erin Brown pulled from Toad’s parking lot with a short burst of its siren.  Traffic gave the right-of-way as the emergency vehicle’s rotating strobe cut into the night.  Detective Erin Brown was lucky, her wounds weren’t fatal, but the future of her career in law enforcement lived in severe doubt.  Diana also faced serious reprimands and suspension.  At present her superiors were inside the club, reminding her of that reality.  James and Melanie sought the solitude of the night air, just in time to witness the ambulance scream into the silence.
The unauthorized police action had turned out badly for Mark Towne.  Diana’s weapon cut a hole in his chest, which left no room for survival.  The wooden floor of the dressing room was covered with three puddles of blood.  Hopefully the police would assume each pool belonged to Towne, since no one else in the dressing area showed signs of being wounded.  Of course there would be questions about the blood stained clothing worn by Diana and James.  Diana raided the garment racks.  James claimed to have struggled with Towne after the shooter received his first injury.  The bloodied clothes were discarded in a dumpster out back.
“If she asks… how do I explain?” Melanie asked.  Her concern centered on Diana.  The detective knew she’d been shot.  She also knew she’d been present for a miracle.
“With honesty,” James answered. “I think those chosen realize this is not something the world would grasp with ease.”
“So tell her everything?”
“I think your judgment will be fine.” James put his arm around her shoulder.  She allowed herself to be drawn to him.  The night felt much cooler in the epilog of recent events.
“None of this would have happened if I hadn’t come here… seeking a job.” Melanie let the thought slip out into the night.
“Mark Towne would have still gone after his girlfriend.  Someone else would have been dragged into it.  Maybe that person dies out along River road… and Towne gets away clean… no witnesses.” He stole a glance at the girl beside him.  She folded her thin arms over her chest and shivered. “You did good,” he added.
“I tried… it’s frustrating though.”
James waited patiently for Melanie to explain her frustration.
“I wasn’t called to heal detective Brown,” she continued. “I question that… and that challenges my faith.”
“It’s similar to how I felt when I couldn’t heal Margaret.”
“Probably.”
“I was warned not to delay the call.  The price for holding on to this… gift… is too great.  I couldn’t wait to be done.  Guess if I could’ve healed those of my choosing it would have been different.”
“I didn’t want to have to touch… him.” Melanie aborted the use of Mark Towne’s name, as if it tasted awful on her tongue. “I prayed not to have to heal him.  Thankfully he didn’t deserve a second chance.”
“Third,” James corrected.
“I don’t understand.”
“When I first saw Towne… I knew I’d seen him before.  Couldn’t place the where and when.  Then it hit me, while he was lyin’ on the floor… dead.  Last week… I was at a club in Waterford.  Evidently there was a skirmish in the parking lot.  Towne was the victim.  He was beaten badly.  Without medical attention he would have died.”
“And you healed him.”
“I was called to heal him, not knowing who he was… or what he had planned to do in the next couple days.”
“So if he died in the parking lot… or was taken to a hospital… Darcy and Colleen might…”
“Can’t do that,” James cut into her reasoning. “We have no control over who receives a second… or third chance to straighten out their lives.”
“It’s not right,” she conceded and turned to reenter Toads.
“If I hadn’t healed him… we wouldn’t have crossed paths.”
Her back to him, she heard his comment.  Melanie knew that if Mark Towne hadn’t raided the party with the Jones brothers her life would be completely different at the moment.  She would have left the corrugated building by the river paid for.  The cash in her fist would have been tainted by sex and she would never be able to face her God again.  In a way, Mark Towne’s second chance was hers also.

***

Reprimands, probable suspensions, Diana had both to look forward to.  So did Erin.  The forensics crew completed their sweep of the dressing room.  Their efforts were nothing more than formality.  The serial killer was dead, shot by Diana’s weapon, and Erin’s condition was critical.
From where she sat at the closed bar she saw Melanie come back into the main room of Toads.  James didn’t follow her.  Diana saw a fury of passion in the couple’s eyes when they looked at each other.  For some reason they denied the scorching desire.  When she was seventeen she felt a similar craving.  She gave into the hunger.  He was white and six years older.  The pain of having her initial love walk away hardened her.  She knew first hand that past relationships built up barriers preventing new.  The look on Melanie’s pale face told her that those blockades were going to remain in place for a while longer.
“They done?” Melanie asked.
“Askin’ questions… and looking in every corner.”
“So what now?”
“They’ll take the body to the morgue… case closed.  Erin and I will both face a suspension… if we’re lucky.” Diana paused for a moment and surveyed the cavernous room.  When she determined no one could overhear she asked, “What happened back there?”
“He was going to fire his gun… you shot him.”
“No,” Diana shook her head rapidly, “I was shot… my blood is all over the floor.”
Melanie lowered her head, wishing not to share the knowledge she withheld.  Before the arrival of reinforcements, Diana seemed in a daze.  While covering their tracks the detective failed to ask any questions about the unusual turn of events.  Now, with a clear head, Diana Jameson insisted on knowing the truth.
“What did you do?” Diana demanded, as Melanie struggled to find her voice.
“He was shot too,” Melanie said softly, “James… you were both shot… so… I touched you.”
“This is nuts.”
Melanie shook her head and met Diana’s dark eyes.  The young law enforcement officer felt the penetrating gaze of Melanie’s soft blues.  The orbs dominating the blonde’s face offered a tormented truth.  Diana found herself lost in their grasp, unable to look away.
“Not really,” a calm male voice responded.  Neither girl realized that James had approached them.  He stood behind Melanie and the blonde made no effort to put space between them. “You might call it a gift at times… a curse at others.  It is short lived… thank God.”
“Both of you can…?”
“No,” James answered, “this thing gets passed on in the end.”
Diana watched James move against Melanie from behind.  She expected him to embrace her.  Melanie’s eyes conveyed her passion for the man’s touch.  Her stiff body reinforced the barrier between love and loneliness.  His hand settled above the blonde’s hip, in a soothing yet sensual manner.  If James Hart possessed barriers around his emotions, he was trying hard to tear them down.
“Seven times,” Melanie finally spoke. “God calls us to heal seven others… at His choosing.  I was called to heal you… and James…”
“But not Erin,” Diana interrupted.
“It wasn’t her choice,” James inserted his comment before Melanie could respond. “We’re directed by an outside force…”
“God,” Melanie gently insisted.
The hand James caressed Melanie’s hip with moved to her stomach.  The blonde gave in and leaned back slightly against the male she concealed her intimate passion for.  Diana watched James Hart’s focus go from her bronze skin and dark eyes to the white flesh of the girl he desired. “Then forgive me,” he whispered into Melanie’s yellow mane.

***

It was more an act of giving into desire than forgiveness.  When James revealed the fact that Mark Towne had been given a second chance, and used that subsequent opportunity to take the lives of her friends, she felt shock and confusion.  She understood the external summons to heal.  Fighting the voice of God could tear your soul in two.  She closed her eyes and leaned back into James Hart’s embrace.  If they were alone she might have lost all control.
“James healed me,” Melanie allowed herself to speak.  She melted into the male behind her and found strength. “The night when Towne killed the Jones brothers… and Colleen… and Darcy… I was shot.” She placed a hand over her left breast. “Here… I was covered with blood… staggering through the trees by the river… and James found me… healed my wounds,” her voice softened, “healed all my wounds.”
Diana looked over Melanie’s shoulder to James Hart.  Her query bypassed Melanie. “So you passed this… gift on to her.”
“I was his seventh… and final,” Melanie answered.  James seemed content to let Melanie answer for herself, now that she willingly accepted his embrace.  He was no longer the one with the purpose to explain.
“Tell me I’m not the seventh you’ve touched.”
“Would that be so terrible?”
“Depends on who God calls you to place his blessing upon.”
“You’re the third,” Melanie told Diana to ease the detective’s concern. “I would have welcomed a call to heal Detective Brown.  I prayed not to have to touch… him.”
“Towne?”
Melanie nodded, previously in this conversation she mentioned the killer by name.  It tasted bitter.
“I’m not one to believe in things considered miraculous,” Diana said. “I’m not even one who’s certain about the existence of a supreme all-powerful being who watches out for us… or maybe doesn’t watch out.  I don’t know if I deserve… this.”
“None of us do,” Melanie answered. “I walked away from God when I was at my loneliest.  Some draw close when they’re at their weakest.  I turned completely away.  I never believed I was worth anything more than what those who befriended me told me I was worth.  Not that everyone can change their life with a second chance.  I have doubts about my own ability… and will probably stumble.” Melanie paused for a moment, letting her confession seek definition with a lack of words.  She would stumble soon, naked, in the arms of the man behind her.  She prayed God wouldn’t give up on her when she and James Hart became one body out of wedlock.

***

“An exotic dancer with religion.” Diana wanted to laugh, but the moment didn’t warrant amusement.  Melanie had given herself completely to the embrace of James Hart.  At the moment the act of cuddling with a friend, or lover seemed justifiable.  Diana knew the girl struggled with faith just as she did, although Melanie’s understanding of religious dogma possessed a strength Diana never found.  Her grandmother spoke of holiness, but no one else in her life reflected Nana Jameson’s faith.
“I guess we all need second chances,” Melanie responded. “For some it’s more obvious.”
Diana again looked past the blonde facing her.  James Hart met her gaze. “And why did you need a second chance?” She asked him.
“I needed a third.”
“Because you couldn’t get it right the first or second time?”
“It’s not about… getting it right,” James answered. “It’s about trying to find the right path in life… without hurting those you meet along the way.”
Chapter 43




“Have you hurt many along the way?” Melanie asked while James fumbled in his pocket for his keys to the apartment.
The ride back to the condominium had been absent of much conversation.  Melanie seemed lost in the events, which unraveled during the evening.  He left her to her private thoughts and dwelled on a few of his own.  At the front door to his rented unit James struggled to fit the key in the lock.  He paused, knowing the threshold to his apartment and the rooms beyond demanded crossing with complete honesty.
“A few,” he managed a brief answer to her question. 
“Margaret?”
He stopped trying to insert the key in the doorknob. “She made an effort… an awkward one… but she made an effort.  I didn’t… see her as she really was.  I wanted someone with status and beauty… a different kind of beauty.  Actually what I was looking for didn’t possess much beauty.”
“You didn’t think Margaret had what you were looking for?”
“Not until too much time had passed.  It’s strange how sometimes you have something right in front of you… and you can’t see it clearly until it’s gone.  It was like that with my parents.  They were there and I wasn’t.  After their deaths I found it hard to give myself completely.  I was in and out of this relationship for a while… with a girl named Sheila.  She had status and beauty… and she was a bitch.”
“You couldn’t give yourself completely?”
“Don’t know if I really loved her enough to be that vulnerable.  It’s funny… I have no problem with giving my all to my brother’s family… even though deep down I really fear being without them.”
“I’ve been hurt.”
“I know.”
“We both lost the foundations we clung to… parents… people in our lives we wanted to trust.”
“Ya know… when I was healed… the first time, I had no idea why.  I didn’t deserve it.  Sheila had just walked out of my life and I closed the door this time… completely.  I looked at Margaret differently… but she has too many walls built up around her emotions.  I was selfish.  Makes you wonder, does a second round in this lifelong struggle change our outlook?  One of the people I touched on the bridge that morning seemed vulnerable… she offered herself and I took advantage.  A second chance didn’t do much to change me.”
“A girl?”
He smiled and the seriousness on her face evaporated slightly. “Always… if I’m going to take advantage of someone… it’s going to be someone of the opposite sex.”
“And it’s going to be sexual?”
He met her eyes with uneasy effort.  He wanted to lose himself in her blue pools and live only in the present with a possible future and no past. “Probably,” he answered through a pang of honesty.
“Would you take advantage of me?”
“I want it to be more.”
“I don’t want to be hurt again… not ever.”
He shook his head gently. “I won’t hurt you.”
Melanie slipped the keys from his fingers.  Her touch felt moist.  She inserted the key without difficulty, making it fit perfectly.  James hoped they would come together as easily.  As she turned the knob he placed his hand over hers.  The eyes looking up to his were soft and damp.
“I need to be with you,” she whispered. “I know the timing is a little off… but I want you to love me… intimately.”

***

They began discarding clothing as soon as the door closed.  Her white camisole ended up draped over the back of the sofa.  The shirt James had worn to Toads set in a crumpled mess beside Melanie’s top garment.  Two pairs of shoes littered the path taken across the living room.  One pair of jeans was thrown over the coffee table.  A second, smaller pair guarded the entry to the bedroom with a twisted pair of pink panties caught in their web.  The door to the dark room beyond wasn’t closed.
An lingering intimacy drifted from the shadows.  Bare flesh, cool sheets and the moist places where love is consummated were all that mattered.  The embrace after orgasm, where two bodies wish never to separate again, dominated all desires. 
“I love you,” James whispered. 
“Forever?” Melanie asked, hoped and desperately desired.
“Yes… forever… and for at least a dozen years after that.”
Her lips found his in response to his answer.  The promise-sealing kiss sought passion and shared tongues.
“I can’t believe how close I came,” she said against his cheek. 
“To what?”
“To depths where there was no turning back.”
He rolled onto his back, pulling her with him.  Melanie comfortably settled on top, twisted in the single sheet.  She spread her legs around his hips and nuzzled her face against his neck.
“If I’d taken that last step… and become…” She almost chose not to continue the question, but the thought would bring torment to her soul as they moved through their future in union. “Would you still feel as you do?” She didn’t allow the word describing the world’s oldest profession to cross her lips, but James understood.
“If we were somehow still brought together… yes.”
“Are you lying?”
“Why would I lie?”
“Because you want to slip inside me again.”
Chapter 44




The words ‘I love you’ never slipped from her lips during the night, but she felt a deeper connection with James Hart than she ever shared with a man before.  She pondered whether or not she concealed any guilt for having slept with a man so early in a relationship.  As a child she considered a sexual union sinful, unless a marriage certificate accompanied consummation.  She wasn’t a child anymore and what she once believed in saving for a husband had previously been spent out of loneliness.
She watched James pour himself a cup of coffee while considering his promise to love her forever.  Less than a week had passed, yet she trusted his vow as gospel.  He turned toward her, smiling gently, wearing a pair of silk boxers he dug out of his drawer before coming out of the bedroom.  The desire to respond to his promise to love with a similar phrase tickled the end of her tongue.  She remained silent. 
A mug of hot tea warmed Melanie’s hands.  She sipped the contents and watched James settle across the table through the steam rising from the fluid.  He suggested going out to breakfast.  She didn’t care to get dressed.  She wore a striped sports shirt belonging to James, unbuttoned.  She wanted him to study her nakedness, as she never before felt so worshipped by a man’s gaze.  His fixation with her left her flesh quivering with desire to make love again, before she left.
“I’m being called,” she said as he sat.  She watched her lover ingest his first forkful of scrambled eggs, waiting for a response.
“Where to?”
“I’m not leaving for long.”
“I’ll come with you… I’ll take time from work and…”
“I almost lost you last night.  I don’t think a third healing is in store.” She lowered her eyes to the steam rising from the mug of tea on the tabletop. “I think this is it… I just feel that this will complete my… commitment.  I’m going to face something like you dealt with on the bridge… I’m afraid.  I need this to be over with, then I… we can start our life together.  I’ll come back… without reason to ever leave again.”
“So when do you need to leave?” He asked.
“Today.” In his eyes she saw the vulnerability he wished not to face.  Beneath the sheet of the bed shared last night, they each found security in the embrace of unclothed flesh.  The reality of the new morning didn’t feel as welcoming. “I need to get on the train… Amtrak… heading toward New Haven.  There’s one that leaves sometime after noon.  I think I’m supposed to be on that one.” For a brief moment her course of thought drifted back to the previous night.  She wanted to return to the intimate embrace, her naked legs wrapped around his in the afterglow of lovemaking. “I will come back… I promise.  I feel I belong here. Haven’t felt like that in a long time.”
“I’ll take you to the train station… and be there when you come back.”
“I don’t think it will be long.”
“I’m going to say it doesn’t matter… but you know it does.  It only took one night for me to know… I don’t want to be without you.”
“Maybe God’s punishing me.”
“For finding someone who loves you?”
“For wanting it too badly,” she answered.
“Then I need punishing too.”
She smiled softly before letting the warm fluid in the mug caress her lips.  She swallowed the dark liquid and placed the half filled mug back on the table.  Her mind wandered to the days just prior to James entering her life. “I need to tell you something,” she began. “You were honest with me last night about having taken advantage of the girl from the bridge.  Some might consider this relationship to be like that… I don’t… but some might.  We’re all taken advantage of… at times I guess.” She paused to take a deep breath before riding the flow of thought to its destination. “When Mitchell’s going to put one of the girls to work… outside the club… he tries them out first.  He called me to his office before going to the party with the Jones brothers.”  She wiped her eyes.  They stung.  Through a blur, she knew to be the dam holding back tears, she looked at her lover.  He listened to her confession without verbal response.  A gentle nod of his head encouraged her to continue. “I was desperate… not a very good dancer… and Calvin Jones wanted me to be with his brother.” She breathed deeply. “Mitchell told me if I didn’t kneel before him…” Her voice lowered to a near whisper, “blow him… I’d have nowhere to go.” She buried her face in her hands and let the sea held back by the dam break.

***

Amtrak had a scheduled run toward New Haven, Bridgeport and eventually New York City at two forty-five.  After they became one body for a third time the clock on his bureau said quarter after twelve.  Confessing her shame resulted in an even deeper intimacy.  They needed desperately to prove to each other that nothing of the past mattered in the present.  Their lovemaking passed without dialog.  Now, as the moment neared to shower and get dressed he spoke. “It means nothing… what happened before.  All that matters is right now and tomorrow… this moment and our future.”
She rose up on one elbow and met his eyes with her own. “I needed to tell you… I don’t want there to be any secrets between us.”
“Nothing that happened before we met has any bearing on where we go.”
“That goes both ways,” she promised.
“I know… and now I think we need to get you on a train.”
She slipped out from under the sheet and stood naked at the bedside.  He studied her form, her small breasts and slightly curved hips.  She had tiny mole to the left of her navel.  He sat up on the edge of the bed, gripped the soft cheeks of her behind and pulled her toward him.  He left a soft kiss on the blemish he considered sensual.
“When you’re ready to return,” he said while drawing her back onto the bed, “I want you to call me… no matter where you are.  I’ll come get you.  I don’t care if you ride a train all the way to California… I’ll come get you.”
Her legs straddled him.  He knew if it were possible to give into desire again she might miss the train.  Her mouth lowered to his and after a passionate kiss she said, “I need to get ready.”
	
***

It took twenty minutes, without traffic, to get to New London.  James drove slowly and stretched the trip into a half hour journey.  He parked two blocks from the station and put his arm around her shoulder as they walked the distance.  A cool breeze came off Long Island Sound, reminding him that autumn held claim on the afternoon.
“Call me,” he reminded her, “wherever you are… whenever.  You have my phone at work… my brother’s number.  If I’m not at home, I will be at one of the others… and if for some reason… I’ll make sure Jonathan always knows how I can be reached.”
She silently nodded and verified that the paper with the phone numbers was secure in the rear pocket of her jeans.
“I hope it won’t take long,” he added.
“Me too.”
At the ticket counter she made purchase of a one-way pass to New Haven.  He didn’t question the shortness of the trip.  In silence they walked to the platform where her journey would begin.
From his pocket James pulled a roll of currency.  He took her hand and placed the wad in her open palm, then folded her fingers over the greenbacks.
“There’s three hundred,” he whispered, wishing not to draw attention of other passengers waiting in line. “You might need it if the trip takes you beyond New Haven… or Bridgeport.”
“I’ll pay you back.”
“Just come back.”
She squeezed the fistful of rolled bills into the side pocket of her tight jeans. “I’m scared,” she said softly.
He held her hand, wordlessly.
“I don’t feel that there will be much time to prepare,” she continued, “…and so many are going to die who can’t be saved.  Did it feel like this for you… the night we met?”
“I felt lost that night… wandering… confused.  I just drove my car without really thinking about where I was going.”
“Once you touched me… did this feeling of being led… leave you?”
“I only feel led in one direction now,” he answered.
The train arrived before Melanie could respond and a flurry of passengers made their exit before those heading toward western locations got on.  She delayed embarking until most of the other commuters climbed on board.  James watched her move slowly toward the open door, keeping to the end of the line.  She turned and met his wave with an open palm.  The world around them gave way to an eerie silence.  Her lips formed three words.  His ears and heart absorbed them, “I love you.”
Chapter 45




Melanie watched the passing faces on the platform.  In the midst of the crowd of commuters James waved vigorously.  She put her hand to the glass window, palm and outstretched fingers wishing to connect with his.  The train station left her sight as she closed her eyes to hold back tears.  She wanted to return to his arms.  She prayed she would be able to.
The seat next to her was empty.  A small child across the aisle studied her as she wiped moist emotion from her eyes.  A frail youngster dressed in a pink top and jeans.  The child was four, or five.  Lemon yellow hair cascaded gently over the girls’ shoulders.  She stared, but Melanie felt no discomfort.
In the window seat sat a woman in her late twenties, probably the girl’s mother.  The woman possessed a hair color similar to the child’s.  She was slender and even though in a seated position she gave off the impression of height.
Melanie smiled at the staring girl and was rewarded by a momentary brightness glowing from the child’s face.  The woman at the window paid no attention.
“Were you crying?” the child asked.  
Melanie could barely pull the girl’s words from the constant murmur in the car. “I guess,” she answered.
“Will you see them again?”
“Who.”
“The people you were waving to.  That is what made you sad… isn’t it?”
Melanie knew it was a single individual standing in the crowd that gave inclination to her tears to flow.  Many in the crowd waved at those leaving and possibly not planning to return.  She hoped to feel James against her again, very soon.  She wished to discover a future with him.  A life filled with security and trust.  James Hart knew little of her past, and her present wasn’t glorious.  Still, in a short period of time they had connected due to the circumstances of the moment.  She wanted to rapidly move past this space in time.  The promise of their lovemaking offered a long-term commitment in her heart of hearts.  Did it state the same promise in his?
When she refocused on the world of the present the woman at the window was reprimanding the child about bothering a stranger.  Melanie thought about interfering with parental boundaries.  The distraction of a conversation with the child would have been welcomed.  She avoided the desire to input her opinion.
“I’m sorry,” the mother finally said.
Melanie realized she hadn’t looked away from the child’s reprimand.  The little girl seemed to lack embarrassment.
“It’s okay,” Melanie answered.
“Children are just so inquisitive about things,” the mother responded. “I constantly have to remind her that not everyone wants to carry on conversations with children.”
“Really it’s okay… I like talking to kids.”
The woman turned back to the window as if watching a television program she had no desire to miss.
“Are you going to come back?” The girl asked without drawing a second reprimand from the woman.
“Yes,” Melanie nodded her head as the word touched her lips.
“Then that will be a happy time.”
“It will be.” In her mind she imagined James’ embrace.
“I’m not sad,” the girl said plainly.
Melanie looked at the woman who might have been the parent, or maybe she was an aunt, the sister of the child’s mother, or father.  The woman’s face reflected off the glass.  Her mind existed in a world separated from reality.
“Sometimes trips can be fun,” Melanie offered. “They can be an adventure.”
“My trip isn’t… an adventure,” the small girl answered.
The mother, or aunt’s attention tore itself from the passing world. “Now stop bothering the lady,” she chastised the child. “I’m not going to tell you again.”
This time Melanie felt the warm glow of embarrassment.  She turned in her seat and closed her eyes to ward off the world that was, and seek a world that could be.  Silently she prayed for death not to lead her to small children, like the little girl across the aisle.  She envisioned the face of the man who became her lover the previous night, waving as the distance grew between them and she boarded the train.  Her father once told her that love was very vulnerable.  True love was willing to give itself without defenses, willing to bestow blessings without being blessed.
The train suddenly lurched.  Steel buckled and screamed in agony as it was torn apart.  The world ceased to revolve and time came to an end.  Before Melanie made contact with seat in front of her she glanced across the aisle.  Through the window, the little girl’s guardian had studied so intently, soil and rock rose up to meet them.  The earth, where death will plant seedlings in preparation of coming spring, and graves will claim cold flesh.

***

“Hope you don’t mind my just dropping in like this,” James said from the living room as Joanna busied herself in the kitchen, out of sight.
Samantha clung to his neck, choking him with her loving grip.  Stephen and Stuart were stretched out on the carpeted floor watching a syndicated episode of Star Trek.  Jonathan and Joanna normally limited television watching to an hour a day, except for football games, when it came to the children.  Today, the weather outside had turned ugly and Star Trek was one of their father’s favorites.
“Jonathan should be home in a few minutes,” Joanna announced.
James placed his niece on the floor by her brothers and wandered into the kitchen.  Captain Kirk cursed at a Klingon from the speaker of the television.  Joanna had her hands immersed in raw ground beef.  She loved being a housewife, a mother and a Sunday afternoon football fan.
“I’m makin’ meatloaf… plenty of it.  Jonathan is going to insist that you stay.”
“I didn’t drop by for dinner.”
“Samantha will insist… and she always does get her way with Unka Jam.”
“You do make the best meatloaf.”
“Your brother thinks so.
“I can’t stay long.  It’ll be kind of an eat-and-run deal.  Expecting a phone call later.”
“Melanie?” Joanna smiled as the question rolled off her lips.
“Yeah.”
“So something’s goin’ on between the two of you.”
James nodded.  Something was an understatement.  He could think of many more intimate words to describe his relationship with Melanie.
“I like her so much better than that other one.”
“Sheila?”
“You wasted too much time with her.  This new girl… Melanie… seems so much more down to earth.”
“She is.”
“So?”
“So what?”
“Where is she at the moment… that you are so anxious for a phone call.”
“She had to take a trip… visit a friend… in New York.”
“Please… just tell me the friend isn’t a guy.”
“No… definitely not a guy.”
“I didn’t think she was the type.  Sheila on the other hand… never trusted her.  Too corporate… always felt a few of her promotions were granted between the sheets.”
James ignored his sister-in-law’s dislike for Sheila Gilman.  In a way he agreed with her sentiments, but he was past that relationship and ready to dive into another. “Melanie is supposed to call me when she gets to her destination.  I took her to the train station this afternoon.”
“Sounds romantic… and you’ll be there to pick her up when she returns?”
“Plan to.”
The front door off the living room opened.  Three children greeted Jonathan’s arrival home; each young enough to still savor the moment.
“We have company for dinner,” Joanna announced.
“And it’s not a Sunday,” Jonathan added.
“Ya know,” James played along, “I thought I should have been at work today.”
“And what would lead you t’ think it might not be Sunday… no Giant’s game?”
James shrugged his shoulders as he greeted his older brother in the living room. “Joanna insisted.  I told her no.  I only swung by to get a hug from Samantha and toss a football with the boys.”
“In the rain,” Jonathan offered a definitive forecast.
“The weather did kind of postpone our plans… but then there always is Captain Kirk, Mister Spock and Doctor McCoy.”
“Bones,” Stuart chimed in.
“Yeah get it right,” Jonathan teased while hanging his jacket in the hall closet.
“So how was your day?” Joanna called from the kitchen.
“The usual… never a complete disaster.  Traffic coming home wasn’t too bad.” Jonathan never shared much about his work as an operator at United Nuclear.  Up until a year ago he worked a rotating shift.  A promotion to supervisory level left him rooted firmly on days.  Joanna seemed to prefer the unchanging hours, although she never complained before.
“You bringing your new friend over on Sunday again,” Joanna asked behind a perky smile.
“Now it’s getting’ serious,” Jonathan teased, “if you bring the same girl over two weeks in a row.  So should we start plannin’ for two?”
“If she’s back from her trip,” James answered.
“This trip could be that long?” Joanna queried, a perplexed expression tinted the youthful contours of her face.
“She didn’t say how long she’d need to be away.  I’m hoping it’ll be no more than a day or two.”
“So how’d you meet this one?” Jonathan asked.  At times his nature was to be not only the older brother, but the parent as well.  Suddenly the light moment shifted gears.  Jonathan went from being the cheerful brother to overly concerned parent.
“Melanie,” Joanna inserted, the reminder, as she returned to the kitchen.  When her husband decided his life of stability gave him credence over his brother’s uncontrollable mantra Joanna became Jonathan’s saving grace.
“It’s a long story,” James answered, realizing his response was shallow and trite.
“Well, while you’re sharing some meatloaf you can engage us.”
“Don’t stick your nose where it doesn’t belong,” Joanna called form the kitchen, “and clean up ‘cause supper is almost ready.”

***

Consciousness brought with it pain.  Melanie felt a sharp twinge shoot through her back when she shifted her weight.  A moan nearby and a voice begging for help told her she wasn’t the only breathing passenger.  She made an effort to rise again.  This movement caused pain to traveled down her right leg.  At least she wasn’t paralyzed.
As Melanie rose to her hands and knees she felt broken glass cut into her flesh.  The car was on its side.  The windows the vehicle rested on were completely shattered.  Her hand rested on the shoulder of a bloodied body.  She shuttered with realization at the sight of the brutally dismembered lump of flesh.  The sense of pain left her as she pulled away from the horror.  She stood, using the back of the seat in front of her for leverage and surveyed a hell her father’s Bible never described.  
She clung to the barrier between her and the rest of the world, wishing to shut out the sight of spilt blood and severed limbs.  A moan crept through the ruins.  The lone cry of pain came from a few rows toward the front.  Before moving she willed herself to look around her.  If she could heal one, she desired to save the little girl.  She still had four miracles in her touch.  Trying not to look at the bloodied body beside her, fearful that it might be the little girl’s mother or aunt; she scanned the rest of her immediate area.  The little girl must have been thrown from her seat, or worse.  
Melanie pulled herself upward, into the aisle.  Three bodies were piled where gravity had tossed them, an old couple, gray hair and frail bones, an obese man covered with blood.  Ignoring the pain ravaging her back and legs she stretched over the chasm.  Tears stung her eyes.  She knew death would be everywhere.  If she didn’t bring herself together she would fail herself and those she was called to heal.  She sat on the side of a seat and gathered her thoughts.  She was alive and she should feel gratitude for each breath inhaled.
She had no idea why she looked overhead.  She assumed every victim would have taken a free fall when the train rolled.  She didn’t have her belt on and assumed everyone else had done the same.  The hanging woman was unconscious and bleeding from the mouth.  She was caught around the midsection in a noose meant to preserve life.  Melanie stood and stretched upward, reaching for a dangling hand.  The woman’s flesh was cold, but not yet lifeless.  Blood from the woman’s mouth and internal injuries dripped, landing on Melanie’s shoulder.  A heartbeat, which had nearly come to a stop, gained rhythm.  Warmth returned to fingers growing cold, a pale face flinched and eyes opened.
“My God!” The lips above Melanie formed the exclamation.
“Can you get down?” 
The woman fumbled at the buckle before considering that the belt was all that kept her from landing in the pit below. “I’ll fall,” she murmured with a small voice.
A strap hung from above the woman.  Melanie pointed and the woman understood.  With both hands looped in the strap the woman pulled herself upward.  She found footing between the backs of the seats.  With one hand she fumbled with the buckle on the belt at her waist until it sprung free and released her from its hold.
Melanie half expected the woman to tumble toward her, pulling her into the abyss below.  Momentarily the woman hung, with both hands, from the strap.  She regained her footing in the crevice between the seats.
“You should move… in case I fall,” the woman instructed.
Melanie didn’t need to be told twice.  She moved forward along the aisle toward the next row of seats.  The woman used the seatbelts, once binding her in place, to lower herself.  She landed on the edge of the seat where Melanie had once resided like a feline.
“Always knew those years of taking gymnastics wouldn’t betray me.” The woman wiped the side of her mouth.  Blood coated the side of her hand. “I must be injured.”
“You look okay.”
Dismissively the woman scanned their environment. “My God… what happened?”
“No idea… I ended up down there on top of…” Melanie lost control of her stomach as the image of the little girl’s guardian seethed back into her mind.  Bile erupted from the pit in her abdominal cavity and christened the unfortunate dead below.
Chapter 46




James normally avoided the news of the day until it made morning headlines in one of the local papers.  Reading of past catastrophes seemed preferable to witnessing live disasters.  Too often the news on television took on a fictional aura.  Ratings were the top priority of every network.  News wasn’t meant to be entertaining.  
A few minutes after arriving home he turned on the television set.  Maybe chance dictated his action.  He believed it was something he couldn’t control which guided him to the proper channel.  The local news at six chimed in.  The first breaths of its early report had been offered five minutes ago.  The teaser was history.  The meat of the first story was being digested.  Displayed across the television screen was a wreckage of a commuter train.  The verbal dictation of the news anchor gave a list of possible reasons for the derailing.  James zoned out the unimportant voice and clung to the twisted visual aftermath.  Three scattered cars were angled off the tracks.  One lay on its side.  Strewn debris blotted the landscape.  Survivors were all that mattered and those numbers had been previously administered to those watching from their living rooms.
Without being told, he knew the train was Melanie’s.  He sensed life and not death when he focused his thoughts on her.  Still, he fervently prayed.
“Survivors have been taken to Yale-New Haven,” the anchor stated.
James turned off the television, retrieved his keys and jacket from where he had thrown them only minutes ago.  He considered calling Jonathan and Joanna.  Company to settle his nerves while he drove south on the interstate would be welcomed.  There was much he couldn’t share, even with those closest.  The phone went untouched.

***

They came to rescue the few who had been spared.  A paramedic tended a cut on the side of Melanie’s face.  The woman who hung nearly lifeless from her seat belt twenty minutes ago spoke with a reporter from channel Eight News.  The former gymnast described the adrenaline rush she received when clearing wreckage from an old woman.  The reporter referred to the rescue of the old survivor as a miracle.  Melanie knew of three actual miracles, the gymnast and two other passengers from near the front of the car.  Her hands had one more gift to offer.
Melanie thought of the little girl from across the aisle.  Tears welled in her eyes.  She looked at the open palms of her hands, wondering if the gift would be passed on to a small child.
“If you’re all set here follow me.” The masculine voice was directed at the young male paramedic.  Melanie looked at neither of them directly. “They pulled a small child out,” the voice continued, “bad shape.”
“You stay here and take it easy,” the paramedic instructed as both men hurried off.  Melanie wasn’t interested in following his instructions.
Her head spun slightly as she stood.  The paramedic mentioned the possibility of conclusion.  Her pupils were slightly dilated.  More important matters lay at the destination of the two rescue workers.  She followed them to a small gathering of the curious.  
“This one needs to be taken to the hospital right away,” Melanie heard the paramedic announce as she neared. “I think we have some serious internal injuries.”
Melanie moved into the crowd, seeking an open portal to view the injured from.  The child on the ground was the little girl from across the aisle.  A broken doll, legs bent at awkward angles, barely breathing.  Melanie squeezed between two onlookers who weren’t happy about having their space invaded.  The paramedic moved back toward the crowd, instructing them to move on and give space those working to save lives.
Melanie slipped past.
“Hey,” the paramedic called, “thought I told you to stay put.”
“I know the girl… she was sitting across from me.  The adult she was traveling with is…” Melanie felt the bile in her stomach rise again.  She swallowed it down. “Dead… the adult she was with is dead.”
Melanie took passage to the girl, whether it was given or not.  Her hands tingled and she knew the power of the almighty had to be passed on.  
Why the child?  The question forced its way into Melanie’s mind.  Why couldn’t she have come to the child sooner?  She and James had raised life from the ashes of near death.  Why should a child be witness to such disasters?  Why should a child need to be so close to death?
She reached out to touch the small girl’s flesh.  The forearm seemed cold, but Melanie believed the healing miracle flowed through tiny veins.  A stretcher from the rear of an ambulance was unfolded.  The girl was lifted tenderly onto the device.
“I’ll go with her,” Melanie said to the attendees.  No one questioned her reasons.

***

“Are you her mother?”
Melanie shook her head at the question.  A woman in her late thirties or early forties adjusted the breathing apparatus around the child’s face.
“Do you know the family?”
“She was sitting across the aisle from me.  We talked a little.  She was traveling with a woman.” Melanie paused briefly before quickly adding, “She’s dead.” 
The siren of the ambulance screamed out the vehicle’s need for space.  The sea of spectators and rescue workers divided, as if Moses demanded them to do so.  No chariots followed.  Melanie touched the little girl’s forearm again.  The child needed no second chance.  Heaven’s gates weren’t closed to the innocent.
“I’m not a doctor, but I think she’s gonna be okay,” the woman said. “The first responders felt otherwise… but her vitals do seem to be stabilizing.” She smiled at Melanie in an effort to sooth the trauma.
“It was horrible,” Melanie replied in reference to the scene they left.
“Always is.  I’ve been fortunate.  Haven’t come upon many scenes like this.”
“Why would a child deserve this?”
“No one deserves this.”
“But don’t you ever wonder about stuff like that?  I mean you see this on the news almost every day.  Sometimes I wish God would just say… ‘Stop’.  He could intercede, when so many are at risk, especially those who are innocent of any wrong doing.”
The paramedic looked blankly at the space above the injured girl’s head. “I’m not a religious person… so I couldn’t answer that.”
“I’m sorry,” Melanie offered, “The shock and all…”
“It’s okay.  We all deal with crisis differently.  I became so pissed off at God years ago that I decided to eradicate him from my life.”
“My father was a minister,” Melanie said without cause.
“And he would probably tell me I was wrong to despise my creator.  He’d have some wordy proverbial slogan all memorized for such an occasion.”
“I think he would understand your frustration.”
The woman’s attention left Melanie and took the patient into view.  Color returned to the young girl’s skin.  Breathing came steadier.  Melanie recognized the improvement and knew the paramedic was also aware.

***

If the little girl’s eyes hadn’t opened, moments before being taken into the hospital, Melanie would have begun to doubt the ability of her touch.  Vital signs meant everything to the woman on the other side of the stretcher.  Melanie, for the moment, lived in the visual world and sought confirmation granted only by sight.
The ambulance pulled in to the emergency area.  The rear doors opened and the driver, a burly male, stoically greeted his co-worker.  Melanie felt invisible as they prepared the gurney for the journey through the emergency room entry.  She touched the girl’s arm, one more time, and the child’s eyes fluttered.  The youngster’s pale blue orbs pushed back the darkness of sleep and found the light.  The same spark of inquisitiveness they possessed on the train filled them again.  She remained silent and her face wore no expression, but her spirit danced in the opened blue seas.
Melanie almost chose to inform the paramedics of the girl’s consciousness.  The child closed her eyes, falling back into the world she had briefly woken from.  Melanie decided to let the miracle be discovered by others.
Chapter 47




“I’m her fiancé,” James said to the heavyset woman behind the desk. “I just need to know that she’s okay.”
The woman peered over reading glasses.  Her flowery smock gathered tightly across her ample bosom.  James understood why receptionists at emergency centers lacked emotion.  The absence of the attribute made the job easier to deal with.  He braced for a callous response, figuring he would not be considered next of kin if Melanie was in ICU.
“You’re her fiancé… huh?”
He heard doubt in the woman’s voice.  His statement wasn’t a complete lie.  Even though he’d known her for less than a week, he’d begun considering they could share a future together.   A week ago, he considered a relationship with a coworker, a few days after he allowed himself to be seduced by hero worship.  Today he felt a stronger emotion than he thought he could ever feel.  Soon, he promised himself, he would take her in his arms and make certain Melanie understood the depths of his feelings.
“It doesn’t look like she was admitted,” the woman offered after scanning a form before her. “She’s one of the lucky ones.  She came in with a child who was banged up… that’s probably where she is.  Take a seat and I’ll check with the doctors.”
The orange vinyl chairs didn’t look inviting.  James leaned against the wall at the mouth of the corridor and prayed a brief prayer of thanksgiving.  The carnage on the news depicted the fate of most of the passengers.  One car on the train sustained massive damage.  He knew Melanie had been inside that twisted piece of metal.  A handful of those who survived were destined a second chance.  Melanie touched them and they were now listed among the fortunate.  
He wasn’t certain if the woman at the desk bought in to the idea that he was Melanie’s betrothed.  As it worked out, his relationship to her didn’t matter.  Even if he was nothing more than a friend, he was the closest one to her.  At the dinner table earlier Jonathan asked about how his younger brother first met Melanie.  The story had been avoided before and during the meal.  Jonathan would ask again, sometime when Joanna wasn’t present to redirect her husband’s older brother complex.  Did complete honesty have to go beyond the embrace of he and his lover?
“Hey,” her voice was soft, but carried to his ears.  Melanie paused less than fifteen feet away.  A small bandage marred her left eyebrow.  A few scratches were noticeable on her chin and the left side of her face.  Without hesitation he closed the gap between them and sealed the moment with an embrace.
“For a moment I feared… I might have lost you,” he whispered into the texture of her yellow hair.
“Didn’t,” she responded and swallowed sadness for all those who lost loved ones. “It was awful.”
He hushed her and planted his lips on her forehead.  There would be time for emptying her heart of all she witnessed.  Now was a time for holding on to the things found and not lost.
“I hear I’m gettin’ married,” she said after gathering her emotions.
“I thought…”
“I know.”
“No… you don’t.  When I saw… on the television… the train.” He let a breath escape his lungs while fighting a need to fall completely apart.  Melanie had the real reason to cry, and she would, later in his arms. “I didn’t feel death, but I doubted my own senses.  I prayed the whole way down here… thought about the days we’ve shared… and last night…”
“And this morning,” she added.
“Yes… this morning.  Driving here… tonight… I made a promise.  I want to dive head first into a relationship… life together… with you.  I want everything I say about us to be the truth, including… and especially what I said to the receptionist.”
When Melanie looked into his face he hoped she saw nothing but sincerity.  Despite the tragedy of the day she radiated comforting warmth.  Her expression promised to caress his vulnerability with tenderness.  There were trials ahead, to guide and shape them.  He wanted to maneuver those difficult roads together, knowing the scratches on her face would heal, but her heart would remain wounded.
“I would never hurt you,” he thought to add.
“I know.  There is no place I’d rather be.”
“Then humor me… and say yes.”
Her eyes spoke for her tongue.  She nodded her head and her effort to affirm her pledge to him became trapped behind an emotional dam.  She buried her face against his chest and they stood alone amongst the crowd. “Yes,” she said softly as tears born by the day’s crisis escaped her eyes.

***

“This is Audrey,” Melanie said to James upon entering the examination room.  The little girl sat on the edge of the hospital bed swinging her legs.  Both had been broken before Melanie’s healing touch.  By the time they arrived at the hospital Audrey’s bones were healed and only a few abrasions remained to identify the child as an accident victim.  If Audrey were distraught by the death of her traveling companion it didn’t show in her expression upon seeing Melanie. 
A plain looking female doctor with short black hair and a prominent nose greeted the couple in unison with Audrey’s bright smile.  The doctor moved away from her patient. “I’m Doctor Kalinowsky,” she introduced herself once out of the child’s earshot. “Are you relatives?”
“No,” Melanie responded, “just a passenger from the train.  I was sitting across the aisle.  We spoke a little.  She was traveling with a woman.”
“An aunt, Stephanie Gant.”
“Has she been told… about her aunt?”
“Yes.  I’m not a child psychologist,” Doctor Kalinowsky answered, “but I’d say Aunt Stephanie was barely known to Audrey.  She says her parents are in heaven.  On the surface she seems to accept that Aunt Stephanie is with them.  Children deal with loss differently than adults… don’t they?”
“Where will they send her?” Melanie asked.
“I don’t know.  Child services have been contacted.  They’ll probably put her into a good foster home until they verify any next of kin.”
Without conferring with James, Melanie said, “She could stay with us.”
“That’s not for me to decide.” The doctor stepped aside so Melanie and James could approach the bed. “This is your friend from the train that you told me about?” Doctor Kalinowsky asked Audrey as if she doubted both the child and Melanie.
“I knew you were okay,” the child said.
“I rode in the ambulance with you.”
“Before that… I knew you were okay.”
“I’m sorry about the lady with you… your aunt.”
“She’s in heaven… with mommy and daddy.” 
Melanie admired the strength of the little girl’s certainty.  She knew all too well that sometimes having faith meant acknowledging doubt as well.  Innocence, like a child’s, faced limited challenge when it came to things of God.
“She was taking me to another place,” Audrey confided. “I didn’t want to go there.”
“Was it a bad place?” Melanie asked.
“Not really.”
“Do you have other aunts or uncles?”
“No.”
“Grandma or Grandpa?”
The girl showed no sadness as she answered, “Mommy says they were all in heaven.  That’s a good place you know.  Mommy said it was a really good place.”
“I’ve heard that.”
“Do you know anyone there?” Audrey asked and for a moment Melanie felt the child already knew the answer.

***

“It’s highly unusual.  Normally children are placed in registered foster homes until relatives can be contacted.  Those homes are put through certain scrutiny.  One of the first strikes against you would be the fact that you aren’t married.”
“We’re engaged,” James offered in defense.
The psychologist peered over the top of her wire-rimmed glasses meant solely for reading.  She reminded him too much of Sheila Gilman.  He knew if he surrendered to her will a cloud of inferiority would rapidly build around him.  Melanie placed her hand on his leg.  She possessed a persevering strength deep inside her petite form.  Melanie seemed lost and vulnerable the night they stumbled upon each other, innocence needing to be sheltered.  In the midst of crisis though, a strong character rose to the surface.  He was drawn to both aspects of her personality.
“It still doesn’t change anything,” the psychologist answered.
“So in other words… you don’t care about the child,” James responded.  He forced a hard gaze at the woman, fighting the desire to surrender to weakness.
“It’s my job to care about the child.”
“See… that’s the whole problem… it’s nothing but a job.  Audrey has experienced a traumatic event and neither you nor I have any real clue what she’s going through.  But she has developed a bond with Melanie… and it’s a nurturing bond.  I think that for the well-being of a small child you need to reconsider your standard procedures.”
“Mister Hart… do you hold a degree in Child Psychology?” Anger crept into the outlines of the woman’s face.  James knew he was entering an area where he could easily be slaughtered.
“I feel common sense comes into play in situations like this,” he answered. “Degrees have a way of removing common sense from the equation.”
“We’re only concerned about Audrey,” Melanie said. “We are living together… and plan to be married soon.  It’s true that neither of us have any experience at child rearing.  Most families don’t before they become… just that… a family.  We feel that Audrey needs to be somewhere where she can feel somewhat secure.  In no way are we going to replace her family, but for the time being we are the best choice… for her.”
The psychologist sat back in her chair.  Any anger James had brought to the surface Melanie defused. “What your asking is still… very unusual.” She took her glasses off, placed them on her desk and stroked the bridge of her irritated nose. “There will be a background check done on both of you.  I see that you… Miss LaChapelle are unemployed and your work history is limited at best.”
“She’ll be home with Audrey,” James argued.
“And you, Mister Hart, you work at Electric Boat?” The woman confirmed.
James nodded agreement.
“Draftsman?”
“Yes.”
“Steady employment will work in your favor.” The psychologist turned her attention from James to Melanie.  The expression on the woman’s face once again reminded him of Sheila Gilman.  James knew his ex-girlfriend would have detested Melanie.  Sheila had everything Melanie did not, education, money, a job.  But Melanie possessed things of real value, faith, the acceptance of her sinfulness and a desire to take a child in her arms she met only hours ago.
Chapter 48




“I was a dancer working in a club… when I met your brother-in-law,” Melanie said while she and Joanna set the table for dinner.  James and Jonathan had gone to pick up the boys from an after school activity.  If she and Joanna where going to be linked by the blood their men shared, openness was necessary. “Not exactly the profession of a girl you might picture James with.”
“Was the club the one where those girls were killed?” Joanna asked.
“Yes.”
“You don’t seem…”
“The type,” Melanie finished Joanna’s thought. “I wasn’t very good.  I had a friend who introduced me to the owner.  I needed a job.  I know desperation is no excuse for doin’ that… but…”
“It doesn’t seem to effect the way my brother-in-law feels about you.  I’ve never seen him look at another woman the way he looks at you.”
Melanie lowered her head for a moment, before responding. “It’s funny how a very short period in my life, which holds mostly regret… can offer something so positive.  I never thought I could feel this secure in someone’s arms.  I don’t know if I deserve what I’m being given.”
“I remember feeling that way when I met Jonathan.  When he told me he wanted to spend his life with me… I couldn’t imagine why.  Guess he saw something in me I was blind to.”
“Maybe that’s what love is,” Melanie commented.
Joanna stepped through the dinning area and looked into the living room where Audrey and Samantha played with a couple well loved stuffed dolls.  Audrey had spent her first night, since the accident, at James’ apartment.  Any effects from having lost an aunt and spending five days in foster care failed to reveal itself on the surface.
“For a child who’s been through so much… she has a special glow about her,” Joanna said. “I guess she takes to the both of you.”  
“James and I are going to get married,” Melanie spoke randomly.  The disclosure was the main purpose of their conversation.  She didn’t look toward Joanna as she allowed her revelation to escape her throat.  She needed Joanna as an ally.  She feared the opposite. “I know we’ve known each other for a very short amount of time… but he brings me back to what’s right.”
“You barely know each other.”
“He knows everything I might wish to hide in a relationship.”
“And what about the girl?”
“Audrey?”
Joanna answered with a nod of her head.
“Her stay with us might only be temporary.  They let her stay, only because the caseworker thought it was best for her.  If she has any family…”
“Are you two considering marriage because of Audrey?”
“If we had the opportunity to adopt… it would improve our chances, but that’s not why we’re gonna get married.”
A devilish smile slipped across Joanna’s face, “It was that good?” She chuckled.
“What was good?”
“Well I guess it’s what hooked me on his brother.”
“I don’t think we’re on the same page,” Melanie responded with a tentative smile.  Despite the company she kept for the last month her naïve nature still occasionally got in the way.
“Let me tell you something about myself,” Joanna began. “I was a bit on the wild side in high school, irresponsible and boy crazy.  Jonathan was older than his years.  I guess losing his folks did that to him.  I saw something really stable in him and stability was something I needed in my life.  He looked beyond a lot of my shortcomings.  He was so tender when we made love the first time… like I was something to be treasured.  I knew then that I could never be with anyone else.  I guess he tamed my wild spirit and molded me into a perfectly content housewife.”
“You seem perfect for each other.”
“We are… and although I think you and James are diving into the shallow end of the pool… you’re good for him.”
“And he’s good for me… and I know I can’t be with anyone else.”

***

“Was I dead?” Audrey asked as Melanie turned off the light in the spare room.  James had purchased a twin sized bed the day they brought Audrey home.  The room was beginning to look like the bedroom of a little girl. 
“What do you mean?” Melanie asked.
“There are angels… and they don’t really have wings.  They told me I would come back.  It was very beautiful.  I wanted to stay.  My mom told me about angels… she thought they had wings.”
“But they don’t… do they?” Melanie asked.
Audrey chuckled. “That’s silly.”
“What is?”
“People with wings.”
“So what did the angels look like?”
Audrey shrugged her shoulders. “Couldn’t see them like that… they were too bright.”
“Sounds like you had a dream about heaven.”
“Do you dream about heaven?”
“Sometimes.”
“You touched me,” Audrey said, “and I had to come back.  It was kinda how James touched you.” Audrey spouted off a short lived giggling fit and added, “He shouldn’t have touched you there… but…”
“But what?” Melanie prompted.
“James loves you… so maybe it’s okay… and he did make you better.”
“How do you know this?”
“They showed me… the angels… and I saw you touch James after the bad man shot him.” Audrey opened the palms of her hands before her and held them out for Melanie to see. “They do not do it now… but they will.”
“Do what?”
“Glow.”
“You’ve seen your hands glow?”
“Yes.  They showed me that too.  They will always glow… kinda like the angels.  They told me I can’t give it away.  That’s okay… I think it was pretty.”
Melanie finally sat on the bed beside the girl.
“It’s okay that you and James want to be my mom and my dad.” 
Melanie acknowledged the abrupt change in conversation with a smile and a gentle nod of her head.  
Audrey moved closer and raised her face to Melanie’s ear to whisper. “I think it’s what they want.”
“The angels?” Melanie asked.
“Yes.” The little girl’s eyes sparkled briefly before giving way to shadows. “Will you want me?” She asked.
“Why wouldn’t we?”
Audrey held out the palm of her right hand.  A dim light filled her palm and began to slowly extend toward her fingers. “Someone needs to be touched.”
Chapter 49




Sirens scream into the moonless night with one who wasn’t meant to be healed.  Red lights flash against storefronts.  The mall beckons to customers despite the fact that a mother and daughter were struck down in the paved parking lot.
“She might still live,” a girl of ten says to a blonde woman in her middle twenties.
“I suppose that is true,” the woman replies.
“I still can’t get used to it… touching one while another dies or survives through the normal course.  It was like that on the train… wasn’t it?”
“I think you ask that question every time.” A man speaks as he approaches. “And I suppose you’ll ask once again about the bridge?” He puts his arm around the blonde woman’s waist, defining a relationship to the eyes of any who might have interest.
“All this is unsettling to her,” the woman softly chastises her mate, “and she is still young.”
The male squats before the girl.  She stands less than four and a half feet in height.  Her eyes meet those of the man she loves as she would a father. “I wanted to save everyone that day,” he says. “Just as Melanie wanted to save everyone on the train.  The will and wisdom guiding us is so different than the will of this world.  Do you understand?”
“Yes.” She nods her head to amplify her level of understanding.
“I wanted to heal a friend… and I could not.  It was very hard… watching someone you care about slip closer and closer to death.”
“But Melanie healed her.”
“You have been told this story too many times,” the blonde woman comments.
The male stands and scans the scene of the accident. “All that happens is meant to happen exactly as it is laid out.  I think God is ready for some… and others need more time.”
The girl of ten looks at the man, “You were supposed to be on the bridge that day,” she states with earnest.  Her eyes move slowly toward the scene of the hit-and-run before taking the young woman in their sight. “And you were supposed to be on the train.  There is nothing we can do to change any of that.”
“We’re called by a higher power,” the blonde woman confirms.
“And we’re called to heal more than just the physical,” the man adds.  The young blonde woman moves against him.  They both welcome the young child into the embrace.  They are husband and wife, and they are the ten-year-old child’s guardians.  
The girl squeezes in to the menagerie of enfolded arms where she is small in stature, but not insignificant, and announces to the other two, “A family hug.”




The End







