




See Them Die 
Haunted from Within 
(BOOK ONE)

A Gripping Psychological Thriller
.
By
.
IAN C.P. IRVINE
.
Published by Ian C. P. Irvine on Smashwords
.
Copyright 2014 IAN C.P. IRVINE




All rights reserved. Without limiting the rights under copyright observed above, no part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in or introduced into a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means without the prior written consent of the copyright owner.

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events and incidents are either the products of the author’s imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.


Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Google and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.




Please note: This is the first book in a two part series. The story begins with Book One, carries on seamlessly and concludes with Book Two.


This is an excellent way to introduce yourself to this new and exciting author!- If you enjoy Book One, to continue the story you may then choose to download Book Two.
.
.

Alternatively, you have the option to purchase an Omnibus version containing both Book One and Book Two, which readers are recommended to purchase. 



..
..






Part .
Chapter 1

Part One
Prologue

Maciek’s Story: Preparation.
England. 
.
.
A knife is a beautiful thing. Precise. Gleaming. Bewitching. An object of desire. Maciek had seven knives. Five had already been used. Once each. Proving their worth and earning their place in his collection. And tonight another one would lose its virginity and join its brothers in the display case above his bed.
He had bought it in Kraków on his last visit to his mother's grave in Poland. The moment he had seen it, he had fallen in love with it and he knew, instinctively, that this would be the one. Its blade was larger than the others, the hilt more ornate, the edges thinner and sharper. When he had held it for the first time, it balanced so perfectly in his hand that somehow he felt as if he had bonded with it. He had since wondered if he had chosen the knife, or the knife had chosen him.
When he had paid the ex-army officer the bargain price of 100 zloty...twenty pounds in his new money...he knew he had got a bargain. This was not a knife you could buy anywhere today. It was better quality. Heavier. Sexier. Maciek hated the Nazis, all Poles did, but he had to admit that the SS knives were some of the best. Wonderful killing machines. Pure. Perfect.
The owner had promised him that it had never been used, insisting that it had been taken from a prisoner seventy years ago only moments before they shot him, still gleaming from the factory. The history of the knife helped add to the sexual arousal that Maciek felt whenever he held it in his hands, polishing the blade, sharpening the edge. Preparing it. Imagining the moment.
.
Maciek had never killed a man before. Until now, he had only ever killed women. Tonight would be his first time. It would be special. A moment that he would never forget as long as he lived. 
He wanted it to be perfect. He needed it to be perfect. 
Not only because men were stronger, and because potentially there was more risk, but simply because it wasn’t often in your life that you got the opportunity to do something like this for the first time. And once it was over, there would be no opportunity to repeat it. The ‘first time’ only happened 'once'. It had to be worthy of the occasion and worth savouring. 
.
There was one little thing that worried Maciek. It had caused him to ponder and question what he was about to do and made him question the use of the knife, –not the act of killing-, but rather the choice of weapon. 
He enjoyed killing. It aroused him. Knives aroused him. The combination was perfect. 
What worried Maciek was whether or not he would get aroused when killing a man. 
On reflection he had realised that whilst he did enjoy killing, perhaps it was not purely the killing he enjoyed, but rather the act of killing ‘women’. Each time he had done it, the sense of power, of dominance, the smell of fear from his victims,...the musk of death...he found it all intoxicating. 
But when killing a man, he was not sure whether or not that was what he wanted. Maciek was not a homosexual. And it concerned him perhaps that holding and killing with the knife might arouse him. 
He shook his head, blinked and focussed on the blade again. He ran the millstone along its edge one more time and listened to the whirl the action made...that slight, almost imperceptible sound that told him the blade was honed to perfection. Sharp as could be.  Ready to take a life.
.
Maciek breathed in deeply, and he felt his pulse quicken. He felt the first signs of arousal developing within his groin.
Then he smiled.
Perhaps it may not be so bad after all. He knew he was going to enjoy it.


Peter’s Story
ASBO Land
Edinburgh, Scotland
.
Six Months Before
Tuesday, 7 p.m.
March
.
.
In comparison to how it was ten years before, the housing estate on the edge of the city was now almost unrecognisable. The council had done a wonderful job of transforming the run down and derelict council houses into homes that the residents could be proud of. 
Every time Peter drove around the Craigmillar Housing estate just on the edge of Edinburgh, he had flashbacks to his youth, and how it used to look. There was simply no comparison. Outwardly the council appeared to have done a wonderful job. 
But appearances were deceiving. 
Unfortunately, where as fresh paint and new roof tiles had transformed buildings, social funding from the Eurozone had done little to transform the hearts and minds of some of the inhabitants. Outwardly they may appear different, but inwardly, a small group of undesirables remained rotten to the core.
Peter turned a corner, drove ten metres down the road and parked outside the bright green door. Mr Wallace, the seventy year old pensioner who lived inside was a good man. Not like his young neighbours. Mr Wallace had dedicated his life to the army, had fought for his country in Korea, and served his fellow man. Now old and infirm, the youths that lived in the street and terrorised his life had no idea who he was or how brave a life he had lived. To them he was just 'an old wee gadgy' and they took great pleasure in making the remainder of his days hell.
“Scum”, Mr Wallace described them over coffee. “Pure bloody scum! It duzzny matter how many times I call the coonsel, naebidy cares.”
And sadly, Mr Wallace was probably right. For some, joy riding stolen cars around the estate on Friday and Saturday nights had once again become the ‘coolest thing’ to do on the planet, and the local police never did anything about it.
To be fair, it wasn’t that the police didn’t care. They did. But resources were finite, and other parts of the city which were more visible to Edinburgh’s billion pound tourist industry simply demanded more attention. 
Until recently the police even had a fully manned police station on the outskirts of the estate, but government cutbacks recently forced the station to close.
So the decent folk of Craigmillar were left to fend for themselves, and fight a losing battle with the new generation of unemployed youths and designer drugs. 
A story being told in almost every city in Scotland and England. 
A war which few had the resources to fight, but a plight which the Evening News and Peter, a local reporter, had chosen to highlight. Which is why, over the past few months, Peter had been getting to know the local inhabitants and writing a series of articles which focused on their lives, the struggles they faced, and the potential that existed for and within their community, if only the council and the police would finally sort the problem out.
“Bastards!...Every fucking night...ye cannie get a wink o’sleep ‘cos of them wee shites!” Mr Wallace said, starting to describe the latest mayhem that the ‘wee bastards’ had been wreaking on the estate.
As a reporter Peter felt that it was his job to report the facts. Unlike some other reporters that quite consciously put a spin on their copy so that it biased the reader into a suggested opinion, over the past twelve years Peter had until now managed to maintain his journalistic integrity and impartiality. But events on the Craigmillar estate in recent months were testing him to the limit. Joy riding, especially when done by a ‘wee shite withoot a driver’s licence or any insurance’ had always made Peter mad. Peter simply could not understand the lenient sentences that magistrates repeatedly handed down to first and second offenders who were caught red-handed behind the wheel of a stolen car. Some even driving under the influence of drugs or alcohol. To Peter the case was clear cut: a car is a potential killing machine, and when not operated correctly, ...it kills. Any person caught driving a car illegally, without insurance, or found in a state not fit to drive, should automatically receive the toughest sentence available. Which, to Peter, meant that when a joyrider hits someone else or another car, that the charge should automatically escalate to ‘attempted murder, manslaughter, or murder’. Why could no one else see that?
Two weeks ago a joyrider had stolen a car from just outside the estate, driven down to Portobello, gone through the barrier and driven it along the promenade beside the beach. 
A boy cycling in the opposite direction was hit, propelled from his bike into a wall, and had broken his back. He died thirty minutes later in an ambulance.
The joyrider, or joyriders, hadn’t stopped, and had driven back to Craigmillar where the car was found burning an hour later. 
No one had yet been charged.
Since then Peter’s interest in the social problems of Craigmillar had intensified. Events had made it personal. And now, more than ever, he wanted to weave his way into the world within the estate and learn about its problems and issues, and uncover everything he could about the gangs or ‘teams’ or ‘crews’ who were destroying the lives of the other decent residents. He was going to do his best to help get the correct level of political focus on the estate and its issues from the Scottish parliament. What had started out just as a story had grow in personal importance, and he was determined to help make a difference. 
All he needed was to find a local who was willing and brave enough to talk. To tell him what he knew. To expose and name the ringleaders and help justice take its course.
Perhaps Mr Wallace, an ex-army infantry man, would be just that man.


Chapter 2
Big Wee Rab's (stolen) car
Craigmillar, Edinburgh
Six Months Before
March
7.15 p.m.
.
.
Big Wee Rab sat outside in the stolen Saab, watching the green door further down the street. There were four others from his crew sitting in the car with him, all shouting their suggestions of what they should do with the reporter from the News when they caught him.
"Stick him," suggested Tam for the hundredth time tonight. It wasn't the most original idea, but one which Tam seemed to be quite sure would be the solution to the problem. "Fucking bastard deserves it....I say we fucking knife the bastard. Tonight. Right here...We'll fair show the rest of the eggits frae the News that naebady, an' I mean naebady, should fuckin shaw their faces roond here again!"
Big Wee Rab was inclined to agree with him...not about the knifing part, but about making an example.
"It's nae a bad idea, Tam. Ne'er mind 'boot the knifing though. I mind there's a better way...C'mon boys, what's our 'Team' called? Think, you morons. Think!"
Big Wee Rab turned in his car seat, puffing deeply on the spliff and blowing the smoke into Tam's face. He looked at the others sitting in the back seat, watching how they automatically leaned towards him in expectation of his next words and a show of leadership. Most of the ‘Craigmillar Motorised E. Crew’ could not easily be described as the brightest of the bunch. A better description would probably be 'as thick as pig-shites', but fate and poverty had drawn them all together, and Rab was doing his best to turn them into something half decent and make their Team the most feared in South-West Edinburgh.  
"You know what we're called Rab. You gave us the name! Why are you asking?"
"Cos. Think about it ya we twally. We're the ‘C.M.E Team’! ... And what's the 'M' stand for?" Rab prompted them again. Slow at the best of times, it didn't help now that they were all stoned.
"Motorised?" Tam suggested, " 'M' is fir 'Motorised', on account o' the fact that 'We're the Team wi' the driving machines!' "
"Smart fart," Rab praised Tam. "Exactly... so why would we knife the cretan when we can get him wi wan o' oor motors?"
"Ye mean, like drive o'er the bastard?" asked Jamsie enthusiastically.
"Bingo! We'll kill him wi wan o' oor motors. Squash the bastard, or something."
"Or push him and his car in tae the birn or the loch. Let the bastard droon in his car."
"Nae bad. Good thinking, Tam. I like that."
"Sae lang as we dinnie end up in there too. I canna swim," Wee Eck added. Undoubtedly the thickest pig-shite of them all.
Davie, the quietest member of the CME Team said nothing. He never did. Mainly on account of the fact that he was always the most stoned of all of them.
.
Big Wee Rab turned back to concentrate on the green door. The reporter had been inside now for over an hour. Long enough for the old man to spill the beans and grass them all up. Rab knew it was only a matter of time before someone broke the code on the estate and gave their names to the police or the press. He also knew that if he was to make any headway in gaining some ground on the 'Boys frae Porty" gang, he would have to make a big example of someone, and soon.  The Boys crew had recently been accredited with the smash-and-grab in the jewellers in Princes Street, which according to the Evening News must have netted them more than £200,000. The Big Time. An escalation in the war rankings. And Rab also knew that if he was to truly make his mark on the estate he would have to increase the level of threats and violence within Craigmillar. In spite of all the fights and the assaults, miraculously no one had yet been deliberately killed by either the Boys frae Porty...or the BFP as they liked to be called...or any of the new gangs from Meadowbank, Pilton or Seafield. The egit that had stolen a car and killed a boy while joyriding was not in his gang, even though people probably assumed he was. Strategically it was time to up the game, to make a serious impression and do some serious damage to one of the local inhabitants, and make sure that everyone knew it was done by the CME-Team. 
It looked like the opportunity was about to be presented to them. If the old man grassed them up, they would kill him first, and then get rid of the reporter. 

Chapter 3
A Soldier's Story
Edinburgh.
Six Months Before
March
7.25 PM
.
.
Neil Wallace pulled the curtains tightly closed, before switching on the overhead light. He didn't want anyone outside to see into his sitting room. He felt a little nervous now about what he was about to do, but the anger within him was urging him on. Someone had to do something about the bastards terrorising the estate, and if nobody else was man enough, he would do it himself. Even if it was the last battle he fought.
Neil had been in several wars, had seen his fair share of misery and despair, and over the past year life on the estate had become like living in one of the war zones he used to frequent professionally. But this was peace time. This was Scotland. And this was his home. 
The old man sat down and relaxed back in his favourite brown armchair. 
"Thanks for letting me speak to you, Mr Wallace," the reporter began. "I think you know that I'm on your side. I just want to help everyone who lives here to get back some quality of life. I've talked to quite a few people on the estate...I know what's going on, but no one is willing to tell me who is behind it all. I was hoping that maybe, if you felt comfortable..."
"Dinnie worry son, " Mr Wallace interrupted. "I know what you want. A story. Something sensational that will help you sell the News. I winnie disappoint you..."
"No, actually, you are wrong. That’s not what this is all about," the reporter from the News immediately replied. It was important that the Craigmillar Community all understood that he really was doing this to try and help. Making news was secondary to his desire to raising awareness of Craigmillar’s social problems and exposing the villains who were making victims of the innocent people of the community. "This is personal. Two weeks ago a young cyclist in Portobello was killed by a joyrider from this estate. The Police have not been able to find out who did it, but I know that someone here knows who did. And whereas they might not want to talk to the police, perhaps I can get them to talk to me."
"And why do you care sae much, Mr...sorry son, what did you say yir name wis?" Mr Wallace asked, leaning forward in his chair, scrutinising the reporter's face.
"Peter, ...it's Peter Nicolson."
"And why do you care sae much..." Mr Wallace asked again. "Because if you are asking me to tell you wit this is all aboot and risk my neck in dain so, I certainly want to understand yir motivation!"
It was a fair question. And one that went right to the core of Peter's crusade against the street gangs and the scum who destroyed the lives of the other decent people in their community.
Peter cast his mind back a few years. The smell of flowers that filled the crematorium; the sound of tears, mostly his mothers and his own, and a coffin at the front of the church with his favourite photograph of his twenty two year old brother placed on top of the brown coffin lid.
"Like I said. It's personal. Very personal. My brother was killed by a gang on the streets of Glasgow. Accidentally knifed one Friday night when two street gangs went head-to-head against each other in the city centre. An innocent man, whose life was ruined by the same type of scum who are now beginning to take a foothold in Craigmillar again. Last week someone died because of them. If we don't do something, someone else will die again...and I want to help stop that from happening..."
A loud crash suddenly deafened them, and the window behind Peter's head smashed inwards, the glass and a large rock being caught in mid-air by the curtain and then dropping noisily to the floor.
Both Peter and Mr Wallace jumped to their feet, and moved away from the window, Peter automatically stepping in front of the old man.
"The bastards!" Mr Wallace shouted. "The wee shites!..."
Recovering his senses, Peter stepped quickly through the door into the hallway, opened up the front door and rushed outside into the street.
A tall hooded youth stood on the other side of the road a hundred yards away. He looked at Peter. Looked directly at him. Then slowly but deliberately bent down and climbed into the car parked beside him. 
It drove off into the dark, before Peter could decide what to do.
.
--------------------
.
"It was a warning." Mr Wallace said from his armchair, as Peter walked back into the room. "They're warning me off. Telling me no to tell ye onything. But I'll be buggered if them wee shites are gonnie scare me. The wee toads."
"And who are they, Mr Wallace," Peter asked, as he walked to the window, and peered behind the curtain to look at the broken window and the glass on the carpet beneath. "And who was the big hooded youth that I saw standing on the other side of the road when I ran outside?" 
"Tall lanky lad, o'er six foot?" Mr Wallace asked.
"Yes."
"That'll be Big Wee Rab then," Mr Wallace said with conviction. "He's the wan ye want. He's the biggest bastard o' them all. Big Wee Rab. Big on account o' the fact that he ain't so wee anymore. Not like he was four years ago when 'Wee' Rab was the smallest shite o' them all."



Chapter 4
Big Wee Rab's Car
Craigmillar, Edinburgh
Six Months Before
March
.
.
The anger surged within Big Wee Rab, and Rab nurtured it, allowing it to grow and consume him. It made him mad to think that as they sat outside waiting, the old man Mr Wallace was sitting inside his house giving the reporter from the Evening News all the information he needed: grassing them all up, and dishing the dirt on himself and his gang. 
And if Mr Wallace then also agreed to help the Police, Rab could be in for some real trouble. 
Rab knew that if he wanted to turn the CME Team into something far more than it already was, an example had to be made. And he knew that this was something he had to do himself, and soon. At the same time, he knew that what he was about to do had to be visible, both to all the members of his gang, and to the residents of the Craigmillar Estate. They had to know that it was him that had done this.
The anger would be his friend, and would accompany him in the car as he did the deed. It would help him overcome the nerves that he felt, and guide him along the path of his destiny.
If things worked out, and his Team grew, maybe they would soon be able to challenge the idiots from Portobello, and then take them over.
‘Perfect!’ The death of the Evening News reporter would be a stepping stone to far greater things. 
But to make sure that the others didn't back out and grass him up, Rab knew that in some way they had to be made accomplices to the crime. It would also allow them to share the euphoria afterwards, when the word got out. They would feel part of it, as if Rab's victory was somehow also theirs. That was it...they had to look at this as some sort of team bonding exercise.
Deciding to share out the tasks, Rab instructed the others in the car that when he went after the reporter, two of them would have to go after old Mr Wallace. 
"Dinnie kill him, like...just scare the fucking shit oot of him. Push him aboot a little, ken, then brake a few windies or something..." Rab told them. "As soon as the gobshite frae the News comes oot, I'll follow him and then ram him in his car and push him in tae the loch as we go roond the corner tae Duddingston. Hopefully he'll droon in the car when he goes in tae the loch!"
It seemed like quite a good plan.
Rab would wait a hundred metres up the road from the house, pointing his car in the direction that the reporter would take in order to leave the estate. He would follow him out as he left, making sure that he was just behind the reporter's car as he turned the corner towards Duddingston. 
Ahead of them the road would then lead downward towards a hairpin bend that skirted around the edges of the deep end of Duddingston Loch. The only thing separating any cars on the road and the cold grip of the deep water in the loch was an old black metal fence that the locals had long been campaigning to have replaced with something more sturdy. Accidents were always happening in the winter when ice covered the road and people couldn’t navigate the corner in time. Thankfully, all the locals knew how dangerous it was, and they at least drove this part slowly. Nevertheless, there had been three serious accidents this year alone, and still the council had done nothing.
But for once, the council's neglect of Craigmillar would work in favour of Big Wee Rab. As the reporter started to take the bend, Rab would accelerate towards the car, cutting the corner and driving straight into the side of the other car at speed, shunting it sideways into the fence... hopefully their combined momentum would easily knock the fence down and allow Rab to propel the reporter into the loch. 
Rab was a good driver, so the only danger to him would be if he wasn't able to reverse away from the other car after impact. Just in case, he would be ready to jump.
The car Rab was in had been stolen earlier that afternoon. He had worn gloves all day long, so there should be nothing connecting him to the scene, but just in case, he would toss in a bottle of petrol before he ran off, and set fire to the car. Rab chuckled to himself at the thought of it all. The spurt of flames, the explosion and the fire at the end... it would all draw attention to his deed from people on the estate. Soon his name would be legendary!
.
"Hey guys," Rab shouted at Tam and the other gang members. "Shift yir arses oot o' here now, and get ready to do over the old guy. And you Jamsie, you can go roond the bend tae Duddingston and hide in a bush somewhere an' watch. I want you to see this, so you can tell everybody else aboot it later, ken?"
The others grunted, and starting jumping out of the car in obedience, muttering words of encouragement and patting Big Wee Rab on the back.
A minute later he was alone, sitting watching the house, the adrenaline pumping through his veins. For better or for worse, Rab knew that tonight his life was going to change. Not that it had been much of a life so far: one of two brothers who grew up in a council flat with a mother who was a drunk and a father who was doing time in prison with five years still to go, Rab had been in and out of care for the past eight years.
With no decent parent to mentor him or set an example, and the only education that helped him in any way coming from gang-life on the street, Rab's biggest achievement to date was to have grown as tall as he was, thus giving him an air of authority and power over others that knew him. People respected him. Or at least, people were scared of him. And for Rab that was good enough. In his world, hierarchy in society was measured by how many people were scared of you. 
After tonight, that number would increase dramatically.
It was dark and quite late before the green door opened, and the reporter stepped out. An hour had gone past, and Rab was beginning to feel quite dozy. 
Rab immediately sat up, flicking the spliff he had been smoking out of the window, and nervously checking the bottle of petrol on the seat beside him to make sure it was not leaking. He looked at it again, and then decided to pick it up and move it to the floor behind him, just to make sure it didn't explode when he finally rammed the reporter's car.
He heard a car engine start, and he looked up quickly, focusing on the reporter's blue Golf. The indicator went on, and it began to pull out.
"Fuck..." Rab muttered under his breath, suddenly noticing just how high the marijuana had made him. He snatched for the gear and started to pull out behind the Golf, but the gear grated and didn't engage properly, grinding noisily for a few seconds, before Rab managed to push the clutch down and force it into gear properly. "Fuck..." Rab shouted aloud.
The blue Golf was already at the traffic lights, starting to turn the corner as the lights began to change from red to green.
Rab pushed the accelerator down and lurched forward, leaving a trail of rubber behind him, and waking up any of the neighbourhood that might already have decided to go to bed.
As he reached the lights they had begun to change back, and he just made it through, swerving right after the Golf in front.
Ahead, he saw the reporter's head turn and look at his rear view mirror. Although Rab was not yet fully alert, a random thought managed to sneak into his dim brain, heralding the fact that this was actually a good thing...If the reporter was looking in his mirror, then we wasn't fully focusing on the road, and if he wasn't expecting the corner just up ahead, he would be going too fast when he hit the curve.
Rab waved and beeped his horn loudly.
He saw the reporter look in the mirror again and then turn and glance backwards over his shoulder.
Rab's lights were already on, but instinctively he flicked them on to full beam, blinding the driver in front.
Thankfully, as Rab had hoped for, the road at this time of night was quiet, which would make it easy for him to cut the corner without hitting oncoming traffic. The road ahead began to dip and Rab knew that it would only be seconds before the road began to curve to the right. Rab eased off the accelerator a little, dropping slightly behind the Golf, anticipating that any second the reporter would see the oncoming fence and swerve tightly to make the corner.
It was just then that Rab began to have second thoughts. Perhaps this was not such a good idea...
The car in front braked suddenly, and the gap between them filled with bright red lights as the reporter slammed his foot down and spun the wheel around. 
Slowly the front of the car began to turn and move to the right, at the same time losing traction on the surface of the road and beginning to slip sideways towards the metal fence separating the road from the dark, black water of the Loch.
The adrenaline surged within Rab, and he knew that this was the moment he had been waiting for. Pressing down hard on the accelerator, the Saab lurched forward, responding to Rab's light touch on the steering wheel which directed it to cut the corner and smash broadside into the Golf as it took the curve.
The force of the impact took Rab by surprise, the car temporarily coming to a grinding halt against the Golf in front. Suddenly the world around him went crazy, a big balloon momentarily appearing from nowhere and pushing Rab backwards into his seat and knocking the air out of him. 
Spinning... his car was spinning now..., then suddenly it was bouncing hard against the railing, and the Golf in front was spinning away from him, careering across to the other side of the road, before coming to a halt against the grassy verge twenty metres further along.
Rab shook his head, and fought for air, his arms flaying wildly in front of him and trying to push the now deflating white airbag away from his body.
A sudden, pungent smell filled the air...
Petrol.
"Fuck!"
The bottle of petrol had smashed in the impact and the car was filling with fumes.
"Get out...quick...I've got to get out now!" Rab thought to himself as his mind slowly began to clear, and he fought with his body to get it to respond.
Steam was hissing from the crumpled bonnet, as Rab fought with the door and struggled to get out of the car. But no matter how hard he shook and shoved the door, it would not open. Looking through the window he realised that his car was broadside against the metal fence, which contrary to expectations, had held its own against the impact of the oncoming cars and bounced them both back onto the road. 
Suddenly he could smell smoke, and from the corner of his eye he saw a flicker of light coming from the front of the car.
Fire!
Rab turned to the other door, now facing towards the road, stretched out and flicked the handle on the inside and dived through the door as it opened. 
Falling awkwardly on to his wrist, he felt it crack and a stab of pain shoot up his arm. Panicking, he managed to lift himself up with his other hand and stagger away from the car towards the fence running alongside the curve of the road they had just come round.
There was a tremendous flash of light, and Rab screamed as a gust of hot air caught him from behind and lifted him into the air, propelling him over the fence and into the cold deep water of the loch. 
As he fell through the air, the darkness reached up and engulfed him and Rab disappeared beneath the surface of Duddingston Loch.


Chapter 5
Edinburgh
Six Months Before
March
8.30 p.m.
.
.
Sergeant Cameron Angus had been looking forward to the end of his shift when the call came in. There had been a disturbance on the Craigmillar Estate, an ambulance was on its way, and he was to attend the scene immediately.
Cammy, as the Sergeant was known to his friends, was one of the newly formed 'Craigmillar Response Team', a core group of officers from across the branch who were tasked with trying to build relationships with the residents of Craigmillar. Whenever possible, the team members were first on the list to be asked to attend any incidents on the estate. Unfortunately, resources were tight, so being proactive in the community was not as possible as they would have liked. Their duties in the wider community spread them too thin on the ground to spend sufficient time on the estate to develop the relationships they needed.
Nevertheless, when the details of the incident revealed that it involved old Mr Wallace, his heart sank. He knew Mr Wallace quite well. He was a good man. Without knowing more, his gut reaction told him if there was a disturbance involving Mr Wallace, he would most likely be the victim, and he could hazard a guess that the incident would in some way be related to the growing surge of 'gang' activity that had re-surfaced over the past few years.
Being one of the two motorcycle riders in the team, he was normally able to respond faster than the others, and was quite often the first on the scene of any incident. For a Tuesday evening, the roads were very quiet and he was able to make good time across the city. Driving around the back of Arthur's Seat, the large hill in the centre of Edinburgh, he was approaching Craigmillar from Duddingston and just passing Holyrood High School when he started to see a flickering orange glow rising above the trees and bushes that shielded the hidden bend. 
Fire.
Instantly alert, he switched on his bright flashing lights and siren, and he slowed his bike down as he came around the first part of the hairpin bend skirting the edge of the Loch going towards Craigmillar. It was a notorious traffic accident spot, and Cammy had often been called here to attend an incident and control the response and clean up.
As soon as he turned the bend, Cammy's evening changed. A major accident was in front of him, and Cammy knew that he would be here for hours. Immediately he reached for his phone and called in, requesting back-up and another ambulance, and setting into motion all the usual procedures for a bad road traffic accident. Also remembering Mr Wallace, he requested an alternative response unit to attend the Craigmillar Estate.
In front of him, a blue Golf had spun across the road, hit the curb and catapulted over onto its side. The side that faced upwards was severely crushed, as if the result of a side impact from another vehicle. The doors were closed, and there was no sign of any life in or around the car.
On the other side of the road, about thirty metres further along the curve, a car was burning against the fence, the flames having already destroyed the car and burnt it out. Cammy knew that if there was anyone in that car, it would be too late. His first priority would be to look into the car nearest and on its side.
Conscious of the danger of further collisions from other vehicles he quickly ran back around the curve and dropped some flares, warning any oncoming traffic. Mentally he noted that any cars coming in the other direction would be warned by the flames, so the next thing would be to check out the condition of the driver in the car nearest to him.
Running to the front of the car, he flashed his torch through the front window and immediately saw a man hanging seemingly lifeless in his seat. The side of the car had been crushed inwards, and Cammy could see that some of the metal had ruptured inwards and was impaled into the side of the driver.
Blood was everywhere.
It did not look good.
.
--------------------
.
Ten minutes later another police response unit arrived outside the front of Mr Wallace's house on the Craigmillar Estate. The ambulance was already there, and as the first officer started to make his way through the crowd gathered outside, the paramedics appeared in the doorway with a stretcher. Bloodied, bruised and unconscious, Mr Wallace was carried outside, put in the ambulance and whisked off to the hospital. Thankfully it was only five minutes away over the hill past the impressive thousand year old ruin of Craigmillar castle. 
Further down the road, away from the crowd and with their hoods covering their heads, Tam and Wee Eck stood watching.
They had done good.
Big Rab would be proud of them.
They couldn't wait to tell him all about it, as soon as he got back.
From wherever he was now.


Chapter 6
Present Day
Maciek's Story
England
September 6th
.
.
When Maciek had first watched the killing scene in Saving Private Ryan... “there is after all only one scene truly worthy of mentioning in the film...all the rest are so instantly forgettable”...his breath had been taken away. 
The scene had elicited in Maciek feelings of awe and wonder, and had fascinated him from then till now. 
He had seen the film in a cinema with a girlfriend in a village close to Gdansk, and afterwards he had talked about the scene so much that the girl had got quite concerned that he was 'fixating on violence'. 
She simply didn't understand.
They had had an argument, she had stormed out of his flat. He had followed her. 
When he returned home later that evening, he had showered, carefully wrapped his knife, and had immediately gone online to order a copy of the film. 
.
For the next three days he had found it hard to concentrate at work. He had tried to replay the scene in his mind a million times, trying to recapture the moment where the German soldier had pinned the American to the floor, and then battled with the man underneath him to gain control of the knife they held between them.
The scene had tremendous power. There was no music. No expensive props. No speeches.
Just two men fighting for life. 
The German, -perhaps because he was stronger, or maybe simply because his American opponent was tired, had less energy, or perhaps had even less to live for-, had slowly managed to gain control of the knife.
Almost face to face, the German had slowly directed the blade of the knife down towards the heart of the American. 
The knife had inched forward. Their breathing had increased. The American had looked into the eyes of the German, had tried talking to him, had begged for life...his life. 
The tip of the knife touched the clothing on the American's chest, and the American had realised that the moment of his death was approaching.
The German managed to increase the pressure on the hilt of the knife, and slowly, but quite simply, the knife began to push forward into the clothing, through and into the flesh of the American beneath. 
The tension in the air, the exchange of emotions between the two warriors fighting for their lives, the testosterone, the sound of their breathing...there was just something in the scene that made it compulsive watching. Incredible. Fascinating.
Life at its most elemental.

The German, the American, and Maciek watched together in silence as the hilt of the blade disappeared from view, and you knew, just knew that it had penetrated the heart, that it was already inside the body of the American. That this was the moment of death. The moment at which a life was about to be lost. To be taken. To be released. To be set free...or extinguished.
Maciek had watched the eyes of the American, and studied the face of the German.
The reality of the scene was beyond question. It was stunning. This is how it was like. 
Maciek knew that a life could take nine months to prepare, but just seconds to end. That the sparkle in the eye of a person that made someone appear alive and full of excitement and passion, could dull and disappear within moments. That whereas life was so, so complicated, the giving of death was so, incredibly simple.
.
The scene had evoked emotions both familiar and foreign in Maciek. Some of the emotions had excited him and he knew their attraction intimately. To him they were like a drug. But others had disturbed him. 
Until then he had never killed a man before...in fact, he had never even thought of killing a man. There had been no reason to.
But after watching the scene over and over again, now probably more than  seventy times, he was obsessed with wanting to recreate the scene in all its detail.
To replay it. To capture for himself the passion and the emotions, and the simplicity of it all. 
.
It was always the same. Whenever Maciek thought about the scene, it went round and round in his head whilst he fought to find the words to describe the experience. Yet he knew that the only way for him to understand it, to feel it, to truly comprehend it, was to re-enact it.
And in the room next door, everything was ready. 
Within the next hour, all of the waiting and dreaming would come to an end, and tonight, Maciek would finally understand and be able to describe his own, personal experience.

Chapter 7
Maciek's Story
England
Present Day
September 6th
.
.
The house in which Maciek was living was in a row of old terraced houses awaiting demolition. The last house in the row with most of the windows boarded up, no one ever ventured close to his front door unless they had to.
The place was ideal for Maciek and his lifestyle. Another Pole had sublet it to him, who asked no questions and was only too glad to receive a regular monthly cash payment into his bank-account without checking Maciek's stolen identity papers or asking for any references. The house was probably going to be demolished in a few months time, and the tenant he was renting from had already gone back to Poland. He was unlikely to return. 
The nearest neighbour to Maciek was four houses away, the closest three being boarded up and empty.
Although the outside of the house Maciek lived in appeared derelict, Maciek had turned the inside into something quite habitable. He had painted all the rooms with cheap paint, added some curtains, removed the rotting carpets and cleaned up the floor boards. In fact, if Maciek had been allowed to do a similar job to all the other houses in the row, perhaps the council would have second thoughts about pulling the houses down. 
All in all, once Maciek had climbed over the rubbish in the front garden and successfully made it safely into the house, things were actually very civilised and quite pleasant inside...as long as you didn't look out of the window.
.
The house backed directly onto a set of woods, which would come in handy later, and was also one of the deciding factors that influenced his choice of residence. 
With two reception rooms downstairs, and a kitchen-diner that faced onto a small walled garden at the back, there was quite a lot of living space for one person to spread himself out in.
Upstairs there were two bedrooms and a bathroom. The bedroom at the front of the house was where Maciek slept. It was clean, bright and spotless, although try as he might he couldn't get rid of the smell of damp that permeated slowly through the party wall from the house next door. There was nothing he would be able to do about that, and Maciek had slowly become used to the smell.
At the back of the house was the 'guest' room. Until now, Maciek had not invited any guests back to his house, and technically speaking, the 'guest' that was now lying spread-eagled and tied to iron stakes drilled into the old floorboards, had not been invited either. Maciek had waited for him one evening in an alleyway that his 'guest' used regularly on his way home from the local pub. After jumping on him from behind and injecting him with his usual and preferred concoction of drugs, that were guaranteed from experience to knock out a large woman or man unconscious in a matter of seconds, Maciek had bundled him into his car, and together they had driven back home to Maciek's country mansion. Parking the car around the side of the house, shaded from view from all the other empty houses, no one had seen Maciek drag his guest out of the car, through the back door, up the stairs and into the bedroom where he was destined to die. 
Unlike the other rooms in the house, Maciek had made no attempt to beautify the guest quarters. However, he had spent some considerable effort tailoring the room to his requirements, nailing new, thicker wooden planks across the windows, and replacing the doorframe and door with something more fit for his intended purpose: he had reversed the door, and added two security locks on the outside, so that any guest would find it difficult to leave without properly thanking him first.
He had replaced a few of the floorboards and joists, -thus ensuring that the iron stakes would be fixed and remain firmly in place-, and he had put down some rubber matting onto which he would let his guest rest. Not that he was concerned with comfort, at all, but rather so that once he was willing to let his guest leave, he could simply roll up the body in the matting, and leave no blood stains behind.
Maciek stepped up to the mirror, and glanced for the first time at the American uniform that he had purchased on Ebay a few weeks before and was now wearing for the first time. He smiled at himself, adjusting the metal helmet, and smoothing down the rough sides of his jacket. Perhaps he should have ironed it or something, but would that not have ruined it? It was a genuine GI uniform from the Second World War...it had cost him a fortune, and he didn't want to damage it...yet.
The trouser legs were a little short. Shit. Maciek bent down, trying to stretch them further down his ankle. Nope. That was it. They were too short.
But then he remembered that soldiers probably tucked the trousers into their socks and boots, and once he had done that they looked fine. Even more authentic.
Authenticity was important. At least, as much as was practical. Apart from one big detail, Maciek wanted passionately to try and recreate the scene from Saving Private Ryan in as much detail as possible. The fact that the death scene was going to take place in the dilapidated bedroom of a condemned house even added to it all, reminding him a little of the original setting of the bombed-out ruin that was used in the film.
The big detail that he had altered was one that he was proud of, and one which would help bring some justice to the world, even after all these years.
In Saving Private Ryan, the American GI had been killed by the German with a German knife, but Maciek hated Germans, and there was no way in hell that he was going to dress up as one of those fuckers. Instead, he was going to reverse it all, by role playing a US soldier who got justice by killing a German. Even better that the German was going to die with a German knife!
In his own private way, it would represent his small part in getting some revenge back on the ‘Schwabe’ who had invaded his country.
His heart started to beat faster. He began to feel the anticipation. The time was drawing near. Very near. 
Picking up the knife from the side table, he slid it into the sheaf tied around his leg. He stood up tall, took a deep breath, and cocked his head back slightly, allowing the blood and oxygen rush to have its maximum effect. 
His left eye-lid began to quiver with excitement.
It was time.

Chapter 8
Maciek's Story
England
Present Day
September 6th
.
.
Maciek took a deep breath and opened the door to the back room, preparing himself for the stench of stale urine that he knew would immediately hit him as he stepped inside.
His guest had been pegged to the floor for almost a day now, and it seemed that almost every time Maciek went into the room, he relieved himself onto the rubber matting one more time. It amazed Maciek that the man still had anything left in him.
His guest stared up at him, straining to lift his head off the floor, but unable to do so because of the restraint that Maciek had applied across his forehead. He could see the terror in the man's eyes, that same look of fear that appeared in everyone's eyes as adrenaline began to pour through a person's veins and the inevitability of approaching death became apparent.
The man tried to speak, a muffled stream of incoherent sounds which failed to make it past the gag stuffed in his mouth. He tried to move his body, but was only able to lift his stomach a few centimetres off the floor, before collapsing backwards onto the floor matting.
Maciek bent down and began to mop up the urine on the mat with a fresh towel. He then washed the rubber matting over with fresh water and dried it again, before squirting the room with air freshner: Maciek hated the smell of stale urine.
Deciding that he would have to wait a few moments for the air to clear and start to smell a little fresher, he stepped back outside the room, and threw the towel into the sink in the bathroom, immediately starting to wash it out. As he did so, he began to think again about what was just about to happen.
In a few minutes time, he was going to take the life of another man. A dream that he had nurtured for years was soon to come true. 
For a second, as he so often did before a moment like this, he pondered once again the irony of the act he was about to perform. 
Earlier in his life, before the death of his mother, he had begun to study medicine, driven by a desire to help people, to save lives and to experience the thrill of helping someone live, who would surely otherwise have died.
But somehow, somewhere, the association between 'life' and ‘saving’ it, had become confused with the fascination of 'removing' it, the desire to ‘save’ life being replaced with a desire to take life or ‘terminate’ it, and for helping special selected people to die, who would surely otherwise have lived. 
In many ways it was the same thing.
.
Originally, perhaps, there was a direct connection between the two. After all, the first time he had killed, he had done so purely out of love. He had not wanted to do it, had argued with himself and his mother that death was not the answer, and that if it was, it was wrong to ask him to deliver it. At the time, he had only completed one year at the university studying medicine, and his understanding of the human body was not enough. But his mother had insisted that to take a life, such knowledge was not needed. That all it took was an act of kindness, and the courage to go through with it.
"No!", he had pleaded. "There is always hope... Do not ask me, ME, your son, to do this!"
But Maciek knew deep inside that there was no hope. That no one would be able to save his mother from the pain of the cancer that had been eating through her liver and back, and that science would never be able to reverse the tide of death that was irreversibly sweeping her way. 
And he knew, deep down inside, that there was a logic to his mother's request.
If he loved her, he would kill her. He would help her end it all.
.
It was during a weekend trip back from his studies at Kraków University that Maciek finally found the courage to kiss his mother one last time, and to place a pillow over her face.
She had not fought, or struggled, but lying there in her bed she had welcomed that next step in her evolution.
One moment she was there, sadness in her eyes, and the pain contorting her hands into balled up fists that shook and trembled with the weight of life, and then the next she was gone.
Maciek could still remember in minute detail the moment when he removed the pillow from her face and saw the peace that had finally graced her. Outside a dog had begun barking loudly, bellowing at the moon and the sky, perhaps sensing the moment of transition and heralding the passing of a soul. 
But when the barking stopped, the room inside the house was quiet. Still. Peaceful.
It was at that moment that Maciek had discovered his fascination with death: with the moment during which a person transitioned from a living being into a framework of rotting cells, muscles and tissue, devoid of life, and incapable of movement.
Soulless. 
.
Did Maciek believe in a soul? He did not know. But in the moments following the death of his mother he had sensed something. A sense of peace in the room that had not been there before. 
It could have just been the silence. It might have just been the emptiness of the night. Or it could have been something else, something more spectacular...the passing of a soul from one life to another.
The silence had only been broken by the torrent of grief that had flowed from within Maciek, the tears that burst forth and continued, unabated for almost an hour. He had cried, almost violently, until there was nothing more within him. The last two years of suffering had not only been his mother's. He too had endured that pain, but now, mercifully it was gone.
As Maciek sat on the bed beside his mother, he had slowly begun to wonder about the moment, that exact moment during which his mother had passed from one world to another. It amazed him: that one moment there was life, and then there was none.
That was where it had all started, and the need was born within him to recreate and study that moment over and over again in greater detail.
Until now, until today, everyone he killed had been someone that he had loved. They were all girlfriends who he had cared deeply for, and which had therefore made them ideal candidates with whom to recreate that intimate moment of passing.
Today would be the first time when he would share death with someone he did not care for, for whom he felt no love, or with whom he had no physical bond. 
Last night, as Maciek had lain in bed alone, listening to the foxes cry in the woods outside, he thought about what he was going to do...and a strange thought had entered his mind: "Am I mad?"
It was then that he had remembered the words of his mother, spoken one day when Maciek was young and growing up, and in reference to an uncle of his who had been admitted to an asylum.
"Do not worry, my Maciek. Poor Victor will not suffer, for those who are mad do not question if they are mad. They are not capable of logical reasoning, and are not aware of the madness of their actions..."
.
Maciek had slept soundly that night. Secure in the knowledge that the simple action of questioning his sanity, thereby proved his logical capability and that he was thus sane.
.
He missed his mother. And her wisdom.


Chapter 9
Maciek's Story
England
Present Day
September 6th
.
.
Maciek closed the door behind himself and locked it. He walked over to the window and looked out through a small hole he had made in the shuttering, checking nervously to make sure that there was no one walking nearby in the woods. 
He saw no one. He never did. No one ever walked down here or around these woods. If anything people avoided this area, partly because it was run-down, partly because their little street was at the top of a steep hill, and partly because there was simply nothing special to attract people to the dark forest at the top of the hill where the constant wind blew so cold most of the year round. 
Which made it perfect for Maciek.
He stepped forward and bent over the man lying on the floor. His guest.
The man looked back, his eyes wild and staring, the pupils in his eyes tiny pinpricks in spite of the dim lighting in the room.
Abject fear.
Maciek recognised the emotion, and his pulse instantly quickened in response to the surge of new adrenaline pumped into his blood.
He knelt down, leaning over the man.
For a second he thought about releasing the restraints on the man's arms, so that the struggle between them could be made more authentic, but he quickly dismissed it. It was a stupid thought. The man beneath him was large,-although not as tall as Maciek-,  and in spite of the fact that he had been pinned down to the ground and drugged for over twenty-four hours, it was possible that given a chance, the man would put up an incredible struggle. Maciek knew that the will to live can help people achieve amazing feats of strength.
No, better left as it was.
Maciek surveyed his hard work, looking at the German uniform that he had forced the unconscious body of his guest into last night, after having injected him once more to ensure that he was completely out for the count. Unlike the uniform Maciek was wearing, the German clothing was not all completely authentic. It was made up from a mixture of various items from different time periods, some authentic, others not.
It was a real Second World War jacket, bought from an antique shop in Poland, a few years ago when the idea to recreate the scene from the film had first started to form in Maciek's imagination. 
The boots were real too. Bought from an antique shop in the Czech Republic, although they were unfortunately too small for his guest and he had had to force them on to his feet and make them 'fit', by cutting the leather a little on the heel to help cram the feet into the confined space.
The belt was also real, but it came from a different uniform than the jacket was part of. Maciek didn't know the finer details of German Army clothing, so he couldn't tell what the differences between the uniforms actually were in great detail. As far as the shirt and trousers were concerned, they were both German, although probably more likely to be 1950's or 1960's than from the Second World War. But it was good enough for the purpose: a Schwab was a Schwab, and that was that. Or alternatively, as the English would say, 'a Kraut was a Kraut'. 
The man tried to say something, struggling upwards as far as he could, the veins in his neck bulging and rising to the surface. 
Maciek cupped the man's jaw in his hand and bent forward.
"Don't worry, it will soon be over."
He was tempted to say something more, to tell the man why he had selected him to die. Why Maciek had chosen him out of everyone else. And then perhaps give his guest the opportunity to show some remorse for having made Maciek so angry. 
Maybe he should take the gag out of his mouth and let him beg for his life?
But no, that didn't happen in the film...
Silence. There should be silence between them. 
Just the sound of breathing, and their mutual struggle for life.
.
Maciek reached down and pulled the knife out of the sheaf tied around his ankle. He brought the blade up and held it in front of his guest's face.
The man's eyes widened. For a second the expression on his face turned blank. A look of puzzlement and disbelief flashed briefly across his eyes and he looked quickly from the knife to Maciek.
And then he tried to scream and began to writhe and struggle violently, thrashing from side to side, and pulling and straining at the ties that bound him.
Some blood appeared around the thongs tied around his wrist, and for a few seconds Maciek was scared that the metal stake pinning his right arm to the floorboards was going to work its way free.
Maciek hit the man firmly in the face, and he felt a bone in his guest's nose crack.
Blood welled from between his lips, and began to pour out of one of his nostrils.
Maciek could see the man start to struggle to breath.
This was good. 
Already it had begun to feel more like a fight, a struggle...
Maciek lowered himself on top of the man, allowing his weight to slowly push down on the torso beneath him. He readjusted his weight and brought the knife up between them.
He saw the eyes of his guest dart back to the blade, and then return to Maciek's face. He began to struggle so violently that Maciek was unbalanced and pushed sideways onto the floor, the restraint across his guest's forehead simultaneously working loose and slipping backwards off his head. 
Maciek stood up and kicked the man in the ribs.
"Bastard! Fucking Schwab!" he shouted at the man, and then lowered himself back on top of him.
He leaned forward, his face just centimetres from the man in front of him, and stared into his eyes. The man's breath stunk to high heaven and as the man struggled to breath, some blood spluttered out of his nostril and landed on Maciek's face. Maciek was just about to reach out and hit the man again, when his guest forcibly lifted his head off the ground and head-butted Maciek across his nose. 
It was an almost perfect act of retaliation. The central bone in Maciek's nose cracked loudly under the impact, and Maciek screamed aloud.
"Fucking bastard! What the fuck have you done?"
Pushing the knife firmly against the man's throat, Maciek lifted his other hand up and cupped his own nose: blood was now running freely from his nostril and dripping onto the German beneath him.
For a second Maciek found it difficult to breathe, but then started to breathe through his mouth, spitting blood from his throat onto the German's face.
He pushed the blade harder against the man's throat, and the skin sliced open, some blood immediately starting to ooze out of the wound and trickle down towards the floor.
Maciek pulled the knife back, adjusting his weight and his position again so that he could bring the knife between them and point the tip of the knife towards the man's heart.
Immediately Maciek began to feel a wetness around his groin area, and he quickly realised that the German had urinated again.
And then the air around them began to smell of diarrhoea.
The German had just opened his bowels and everything had come out.
"Fuck...!" Maciek shouted aloud again, and sat upright.
This was one detail that Mr Spielberg had omitted in the scene in Saving Private Ryan.
Maciek wiped some more blood away from his face, coughing and spitting some onto the man beneath him.
Gingerly he lowered himself back on top of the German, brought the knife back into position, and readied himself for the moment.
In a darkened damp room in a ruin of house, both men coughing blood and struggling to breathe, Maciek momentarily closed his eyes and savoured the moment.
The man underneath writhed violently again, and Maciek opened his eyes. 
This was the time. This was the moment. 
He readjusted his hands around the hilt of the German knife and gently started to push forward. For a moment the thickness of the cloth in the German jacket prevented the knife from any penetration. Maciek pushed harder.
The cloth began to tear, admitting the knife, letting it slide through and forward.
Maciek looked up, into the eyes of the German. He saw the moment register in the man's eyes when the tip of the knife began to touch and penetrate the man's skin.
For a second Maciek hesitated. He breathed deeply, and then held his breath, his senses alive and picking up every sensation being relayed back to his brain from smell, touch, sight and sound. He savoured the moment.
The expression in the eyes of the man in front of him changed, a strange look appearing that Maciek did not recognise.
For a second Maciek considered saying something. Something remarkable. Something clever that would mark the coming moment...
But before he could think of anything, the German closed his eyes and turned his head to the side. 
This was not expected. 
This was not allowed. 
The German would NOT be allowed to deprive Maciek of this moment.
He took one hand off the knife, grabbed the German's face and spat on it.
The German screwed his eyes tightly shut.
Maciek put his hand on the German’s face, forcing his left eye open with his thumb and forefinger so that he could see into the man's eye, ...the window to his soul.
And then Maciek pushed on the knife.
Suddenly the resistance was gone, and the knife moved effortlessly forward. Deep into the man's chest.
Maciek stared at the German, taking his other hand off the hilt of the knife and forcing open the German's other eye.
And then he watched as the German began to die.
As the sparkle and the light, the lustre and the magic that made this man alive began to fade. Almost imperceptibly the eyes changed. The lustre in the irises that signified the presence of a soul, of a life, of a 'person' within the body, began to disappear. To vanish.
.
It was impossible to pinpoint the moment exactly, to say "that" was the microsecond it happened. 
But it did.
One moment there was life in the man's eyes.
And a moment later, it was gone.
.
Maciek slowly became aware of the stillness in the room, the only sound being his heavy breathing, which was now coming in slow, deep rasps. 
His hand still gripped the German's face, and gently he let it go. The head turned slowly to the side, and rolled over, the eyes now staring blankly across the floor.
Maciek sat up on the German's chest. He lifted his hand up in front of his face and looked at it. Examining it.
The hand that had just killed a man.
It had been so simple. So easy.
It was just as he had thought it would be.
He bent forward turning the man's head towards him again, and looked into his eyes. 
There was nothing there. Nothing. Just glass. A mirror that reflected an image of Maciek looking down upon his victim.
How could this be? What had happened to the man, the soul, the being that used to live inside this man? Where had it gone?
Three minutes ago, -no, less than two minutes ago-, there had been a life there. A person, a world of experiences and memories, a sentient being with power and energy...
But now it was gone. And before him was just a huge pile of flesh that within minutes or hours would slowly begin to decay and rot.
Outside a fox began to cry.
Suddenly a deep sadness began to engulf Maciek and he looked away from the face of the dead man in front of him, turning to look towards the barred window from where the sound of the fox had come.
His mind was suddenly full of another scene, and he was instantly cast back to the moment when his mother had died. As he always was in the moments after...
He thought of his mother. Her face, the look in her eyes after he had removed the pillow. After her soul had left. The stillness and quiet in the bedroom in Kraków. 
And Maciek began to cry.
It had been just like in the film. Exactly like in the film.
It had been simple. So simple.
Two men fighting for the right to live. Elemental. Brutal. But so simple.
He had watched, -studied-, the moment of transition. The passing. 
But Maciek had learnt nothing.
He still did not understand.
Could find no sense in it all.
.
Suddenly his mind was filled with another memory. The sight of the empty bed in his mother's room, after the funeral. After she had been buried. Put in the ground.
An empty room. An empty house. 
The feeling of loneliness that had engulfed Maciek then, crushed him again now.
He rolled off the body of the dead man beneath him, and lay on his back staring at the ceiling, waves of tears and grief and emptiness engulfing him.
He did nothing to fight them.
.
In the ruin of the house, and his life, again he cried like a baby, unable to stop or control himself.
Dimly, through the tears, he thought to himself. 
"This didn't happen in the film..."
Chapter 10
The Royal Infirmary of Edinburgh
Intensive Care
April
Five Months Before
3 p.m.
.
.
Old Mr Wallace sat beside the hospital bed, reading his newspaper and sipping the tea that the 'nice' nurse had brought him. He liked her: always friendly, always polite, and always sneaking in a couple of digestive biscuits with the cup of tea she brought him.
It had been four weeks now, and Mr Wallace had been visiting him almost every day since Peter had been transferred to this department in intensive care. They were on first name terms now. The doctor had told all of Peter's visitors that they should call Peter by his first name, and talk to him as much as possible. "Try to spark something within him that will help his brain jump out of the coma that he is now in."
Peter's mother, who came in every day too, had said to Mr Wallace that it was okay to visit as often as he could.
It was getting easier now. The bruising was going down, and Mr Wallace was finding it much easier to hobble around on the walking stick. With a bit of exercise, he should be fighting fit again within a month.
Sadly, it would seem that Peter had not got off so easily. The reporter from the Evening News had been in a coma since the ambulance team had scraped him out of the car. For a few days it had been touch-and-go. The car that Big Wee Rab had been chasing him in had slammed head-on into the side of the reporter's Volkswagen, and caved in the side of the car. The side-impact bars of the VW had definitely saved Peter's life, but the impact was so great that it had still bent inwards, and some of the metal from the doors and cage had splintered into spikes that had rammed into the side of the reporter.
Peter had lost a lot of blood, and if it were not for the quick thinking of the policeman who came to his rescue and administered life-saving first aid by putting a tourniquet on his leg and applying pressure to the wounds in his side, Peter would certainly have died.
There was an electronic beep from somewhere, coming from one of the myriad of electronic screens and devices that surrounded Peter's bed. Mr Wallace looked up, but after a few minutes of nothing special happening, returned to his paper and his thoughts.
After several blood transfusions, and a few operations, Peter had stabilised. But only with the help of the life-giving 'machines' that now surrounded the reporter in his bed.
The largest one of them all was the kidney dialysis machine. It now sat there anonymously in the background, mechanically filtering and cleaning the toxins from Peter's blood, before pumping it all back in again. 
Mr Wallace didn't like doctors. And he certainly didn't like this machine, especially the way you could see the contents of Peter's body pumping around tubes and pipes and flowing in and out of the man. It wasn't natural.
But, he knew it was helping to keep Peter alive.
The impact of the car had smashed Peter's side, crushing and bruising several of his vital organs. His right hand kidney had been pulverised, and had stopped functioning after several days. A small infection and the sudden burden placed on the remaining kidney was causing severe problems and Peter's mother had told him, that there was a possibility that the second kidney may not make it either.
A man can survive on one kidney. Mr Wallace knew that. But he also knew that  a man could not survive without both.
There was another electronic beep, and Mr Wallace sat up again, scanning the bank of flashing instrumentation, then looking at Peter's bruised face.
Again, after a few moments, nothing more happened, and Mr Wallace relaxed back into his chair.
Mr Wallace was really worried. He was worried that the reporter might not survive. Others were worried too. In a way, he wished that if one of them had to go, perhaps it should be himself. He was getting old now, and at his age in his small council flat, there was not a lot to look forward to. The only thing that kept him going was the hatred and anger that raged within him.
Nobody seemed to care about Craigmillar anymore. Nobody. The only person who had tried to do anything for Mr Wallace and the rest of the decent folk on the estate, was the young man lying in front of him now.
During the Korean war, Mr Wallace had killed several men, one in hand-to-hand combat. It had not been pretty. It was nothing like you saw on the films or on the TV, there was no glory, or pleasure in it, nothing honourable or special...Mr Wallace had been lucky, and he had been bigger than the Chinese man. He was stronger, and better fed. And he had lived to fight another day, to continue with his life.
He had not known the man who had tried to kill him. He never knew where he had lived, or where he had really come from. 
But the fucking shites that had tried to kill him that night in his flat in Craigmillar...and the bastard that had crashed into young Peter...he knew where they lived. He knew who they were. 
And Mr Wallace had sworn to himself, that if Peter died, even if it was the last thing that an old man like him would ever do, Mr Wallace was going to kill them 'wee shites.'
.
Just then, there was another electronic beep from the 'radar' equipment in the room, and a minute later there was another, and then another.
The door opened, and a nurse ran in.
She took one look at the array of flashing lights and computer displays, glanced briefly at Peter's face, and then pressed a big red button on the wall.


Chapter 11
StemPharma Corp Development Laboratories
3rd Level
Underground Bunker
Dover, Delaware
Present Day
September 6th
.
.
Nic White was a tall man. At college he was the fastest runner on the football team. If it wasn't for the automobile accident in his sophomore year at the University of Delaware, he would almost certainly have gone professional, hopefully then later fulfilling his life's dream by playing in the Super Bowl for one of America's top teams.
His broken leg had never fully returned to its former glory, and although he could walk and jog, he was no longer destined to become the athlete life would otherwise have seen him be.
But, as one door had closed, another had opened. All through high school Biology had been his favourite subject and the accident and subsequent desire to understand fully what had happened to his body had fuelled an increased interest in learning more. His studies began to fascinate him, and soon he was showing the same passion for understanding the workings of the human body as he had previously spent in developing the potential of his own. In his last two years of college he got a 4.0 GPA, almost unheard of for a former jock, and he was the top student and pride of his department. By the time he had left university he had been offered two different fellowships, one at MIT and another at Berkeley. $20,000 a year, free education and accommodation, and an office of his own.
He chose Berkeley. And while others had to support themselves through their PhDs by working as research assistants, or helping to teach classes during term-time, Nic was able to focus on his studies and his research. Courses in Biology, Medicine and Genetics occupied him by day and private research often occupied him late into the night.
Secretly, at the beginning of it all, he had still nurtured a hope, that by understanding medicine, biology and the advancements being made almost every day, that he would find a way to help his body recover fully: one day, perhaps, he would still make it to the Superbowl.
But as time progressed and his knowledge grew, his dream began to change. No longer did he yearn for physical glory on the field. No longer was a six figure salary from a football team his goal after graduation. Now it was a professorship, a lab of his own, and funding to develop new research into the emerging world of stem cells and their applications in medicine.
Stem cells fascinated him. Instinctively Nic knew that they held the secret to the future of mankind, and he wanted to be one of the first to understand and harness their power.
.
After leaving Berkeley with his doctorate he returned to Delaware, where for a year he had worked for DuPont in a laboratory with good funding and close ties to his former Alma Mater.
But when one of the world's most eminent professors in Nic’s field of research had read one of the frequent white papers Nic produced, an offer was made to move to Brown University, where three years later he was given the professorship he had always dreamed of, that name plaque on his own door, and enough funding and sponsorship from the StemPharma Corporation of America to develop a new line of medical research focussed on exploring the potential of stem cells.
Two more years passed before StemPharma made him an offer he couldn't refuse. Nic then left Brown and moved back to Delaware to head up a new line of research within StemPharma, where he began to develop the potential for treatments that integrated stem cell technology with several new ranges of drugs that StemPharma Corp were pioneering.
Which was how Nic now found himself on the 3rd level beneath the ground in one of StemPharma's secure laboratories, locked in his office, poring over the latest results from the most recent trials.
.
The third level of the underground bunker was all his. There were three secure laboratories here, all using the most up-to-date technology on the planet. Each one costing StemPharma over $55million dollars and staffed by people Nic had hand-picked from scientists around the world.
Secure was perhaps an understatement. StemPharma and Nic knew that their research held much potential for mankind, but at the same time also harboured great risk. To minimise the risk of anything live and dangerous escaping in the air, on clothing or on the skin of visitors to the laboratories, each shift by each researcher within the laboratory was two months in duration, followed by a detox and incubation period of two weeks on the luxurious second level above.
Strict decontamination procedures were observed by all researchers as they moved from one laboratory to any other part of the third level. Each laboratory was self-contained and linked to living quarters, exercise rooms and entertainment facilities, with Michelin standard food served in each of three attached restaurants.
Whilst life within the 3rd floor was easy-going and relaxed, security was ever-present. In every laboratory and above each interconnecting secure iron-plated 40cm thick door, was a big red button behind a security coded glass panel. The same red button that sat on the desk of the Director of Security on the 1st floor above the ground.
Everyone knew what would happen if an accident happened in a laboratory, if something undesirable leaked into the atmosphere through a broken seal or leaking doorway, and a Code Red Emergency was declared. 
Everyone knew that each person in the laboratory was obligated and sworn to pressing one of the red buttons, should the need ever arise.
And everyone knew that to do so would initiate a Flash Incineration process where everything, ...and everyone...in that area would be incinerated and obliterated within seconds. Nothing would survive. No mutant spores, no unwanted viruses, and nothing that could escape and threaten humanity above.

And yet, perhaps surprisingly, finding scientists that would accept an offer of employment from Nic was never hard. StemPharma Corp simply made sure that any offer the company made to the world’s best scientists was impossible to turn down. And no one did.
Until recently money had never been an object. The board and investors into StemPharma knew the potential reward that the drugs they were developing could provide, both to humanity, and to their bank balances.
Of all the projects that StemPharma had committed resources to, Nic's project had offered the most potential. The projected revenue returns from the new SP-X4 drug treatment that his team had just developed and released were huge. Beyond their dreams.
Consequently StemPharma had initially shown no hesitancy in investing in the research.
Unfortunately, several of the other investment projects that StemPharma had relied upon for a substantial return had recently failed. Furthermore, so much capital -$500 million- had now been invested in the research and development of SP-X4, that should the treatment no longer deliver according to its promised revenue projections, StemPharma would potentially find itself in very difficult financial circumstances.
SP-X4, the wonder-child of Nic White, had to succeed. Or the company may not survive.
.
Which was why Nic White was now sweating, and studying for the tenth time the incredible results that had just come back from the field and the first commercial round of public usage.
.
Apparently, there was a problem...

.
Chapter 12
Royal Infirmary of Edinburgh Renal Unit
The Royal Infirmary of Edinburgh
Dr Jamieson's Office
Two months before the present day
July
11.25 a.m.
.
.
The wheelchair that Peter was sitting in had been lent to him a month ago, when his condition had begun to deteriorate and he had started to find it too tiring to walk and get around unaided. His mother sat in the chair beside him, holding his hand. 
This was the third time in the past month that Peter had come to see Dr Jamieson, the Nephrology Consultant in the Renal Unit. It was 11.25 and the consultant was late. Apparently he was delayed in surgery, and would be with them as soon as he could.
They sat in silence. Every now and again his mother would squeeze his hand, and when he looked across at her, she would smile, but Peter knew she was fighting back the tears. 
Peter knew that things were not looking good, he didn't need the consultant to tell him that. What he needed now was for the consultant to tell him that he was going to get better. To be able to play football again. To play tennis, to scuba dive...
Or simply to be able to walk around Edinburgh without getting tired and confused.
To be able to do his job again and return to the Edinburgh Evening News. To get his old life back.
.
He remembered little of the accident. One minute he was driving away from the Craigmillar Estate, having got enough material from Mr Wallace to write a fantastic article on life on the estate and to name the gang members who were terrorizing the lives of the decent people who lived there. And then the next he was waking up in hospital and emerging from a coma, with Mr Wallace sitting beside him.
Since then he had been simply fighting to stay alive, with no energy to focus on anything else.
He had lost the function of a kidney as a result of the crash. They had operated and tried to save it, but unsuccessfully. It had been crushed by the impact and pierced by a metal shard, which had subsequently infected the area around where it penetrated. The kidney had ceased to perform its function, and was now effectively useless. His injuries had been life threatening, and he had been in a coma for several weeks. In retrospect, the coma had probably saved his life. As one doctor had described it, it was nature's way of shutting down all the unnecessary systems so that the body could focus on healing and repairing what was broken. 
When he had woken up he had been stable...just...but losing one kidney had placed a huge burden on the one that remained, unfortunately at a crucial time when the lone kidney was working overtime trying to help Peter's body fight infection and survive.
Tragically, it had been too much, and within a week, Peter's second kidney had also begun to fail. 
For the past two months he had been having 'haemodialysis treatment' here at the haemodialysis service department up at the Royal Infirmary. Three times a week, each time for a couple of hours. When he first started having the kidney dialysis he came in feeling shit, and left still feeling shit. But alive.
Nowadays, he came in feeling shit, but thankfully left feeling a lot better. 
Peter was only thirty two years old. 
He was still alive, true, but how much longer could he go on like this? He was desperate to get his old self back.
.
The door opened, and the Nephrology Consultant hurried in, apologizing profusely for keeping them waiting.
"Don't worry about it," Peter replied, trying to make light of it. "It's not as if I've got anything more important to do."
The consultant sat down opposite them.
"Actually, that's perhaps true." He said. "We have something really important to discuss this morning," suddenly getting quite serious and adopting that classic demeanour of a doctor on TV when he is just about to utter some earth shatteringly bad news...The consultant picked up the folder on the table, opened the file and scanned it quickly, then set it down on the table again.
"I won't beat about the bush Peter. I think you know that the news is not good."
There was a pause.
"...Peter, the last time I saw you,...did I explain to you properly what the kidneys do? Why they are so important?"
Peter shook his head.
"Okay, I thought not. Perhaps it's worthwhile just describing to you first, maybe in a little more detail than you already know, what the kidney's function is within the body. Is that okay with you?...Good."
The consultant's face relaxed a little. He had done this part a thousand times before.
"The human kidney is a pretty amazing piece of machinery. A vital piece of machinery. So important that you have two of them to share the job... As well as filtering the blood and getting rid of any waste products in your system, they also help balance the levels of vital chemicals called electrolytes within your body, control blood pressure, and stimulate bone marrow to make red blood cells when the amount of oxygen in your blood falls too much."
 "When you go to the toilet, sensors within your kidneys decide how much water to excrete as urine, and decide what the concentration of electrolytes should be within the urine that you excrete. In other words, when you are really thirsty or dehydrated, perhaps because of an illness, you don't pee a lot...and your urine may look darker. Normally though, your urine is much more dilute, and your urine looks clear. That whole process is controlled by something we call 'renin', which is a hormone produced in the kidney that is part of the fluid and blood pressure regulation system of the body."
"When things start to go wrong, through disease or injury, the ability of the kidney to perform these functions may decrease. When that happens, we may see symptoms appear in your body that are related to your inability to regulate water and electrolyte balances, to promote red blood cell production and also to clear waste products from your body. You will feel tired, weak, lack energy and have less desire to do much, perhaps also have a shortness of breath. Your body may begin to swell up. Or any number of other things might occur..."
The consultant paused. He could see that Peter was trying his best to concentrate but was struggling to take it all in.
"Okay, enough of that. I'll try and make it all simpler...but I know you are a reporter, and you live for the facts. These are the facts that I am giving you... does that make sense?"
Peter nodded. 
"I think you know that you have many, if not all of the symptoms that I have talked about. Over the past few months we have been trying to support your remaining kidney by treating it and your body in a number of different ways. For example, we've  been trying to help stimulate the production of your red blood cell count, we've been giving you blood pressure medications and vitamins, and trying to help your body keep the balance of your electrolytes."
"We've had some success, but at the same time your body has been fighting infections caught during your car accident, and your system has been under an enormous amount of physical stress resulting from the trauma it has been through."
"Recently things have got worse. And that is why you were put on dialysis... How is it going?" the consultant asked, pausing for a breath, but also seemingly genuinely interested in the response.
"Good," replied Peter. "At least, as good as can be expected. I feel better now than I did this time last week, if that means anything?"
"It does. Great. A positive mental attitude really helps here..."
The consultant paused.  
"There is another thing I wanted to discuss with you...Peter..., if I may?"
Peter glanced quickly at his mother, then back to the consultant.
"Certainly. Please go ahead..."
"Great, you see, the thing is that, well, the last set of blood tests that we did gave me a little more insight into how your body is copying with everything...They told me a few more things that I didn't really know before and..."
"Doctor, please,...it's just like you said earlier ...I'm finding this all really tiring. I really can't concentrate for too long anymore...I'm just too tired to think properly...Can you just tell me straight, whatever it is you want to say?"
"Sorry, okay, I will. You see the thing is Peter, dialysis is helping, but I don't think that your body will be able to cope for too much longer. The bottom line is that you need a set of kidneys of your own. So, my recommendation is that we immediately try to find you a kidney donor. The sooner the better."
"Or what?" Peter asked, anxiously, forcing himself to sit up in his chair, and tightening the grip on his mother's hand.
"Or there is a risk that perhaps you could die. We need to find new kidneys for you Peter. And soon..."

Chapter 13
Maciek's Story
England 
Present Day
September 6th
.
.
For the hundredth time that night, Maciek congratulated himself on the choice he made when he had moved to this house. He had chosen it because of its location: effectively 'nowhere', and because of its proximity so close to the forest. Coupled with the fact that all paperwork linking him to the house was under a false identity,- one he had purchased from contacts in the black market that was so easily accessible to the economic sub-class of migrant worker that had now flooded England,- unless he was caught red-handed, Maciek knew there was probably no way of linking him to the body that now awaited disposal in his guest bedroom.
He pushed hard on his spade and dug deeper.
Maciek also patted himself on his back for his immaculate, although admittedly coincidental timing: tonight was a full moon. Bright natural light flooded the woods around him, and he was able to see easily without a torchlight.
To prevent the moonlight helping others see him, he was clad from head-to-toe in thin black clothes, and he had darkened his face.
He dug deeper.
Maciek was a tall, powerful, young man. Far too good looking for his own good, -brown hair and eyebrows, mesmerizing blue eyes, and a slightly dark complexion-, combined with a lean, muscular frame with wide shoulders and visibly strong arms and legs. Although he had originally set out to be a doctor, he would have made a good male model. Still could. Perhaps. Although that would require too much commitment and give him too much visibility. For now, anonymity suited him fine.  He was sweating hard now, but he resisted the temptation to remove his top, just in case the moonlight flashed on to the lighter skin of his muscular torso.
The chance of being observed so far into the forest and away from the house was practically zero. It was three o'clock in the morning. No one, absolutely no one would be walking in the woods at this time, even if anyone lived anywhere near here who may want to do such a weird thing. And no one did. 
Apart from himself.
He dug deeper.
Adrenaline still coursed through his veins, even though it was now over five hours since he had killed his guest. As he dug, Maciek thought long and hard about the experience, recreating it over and over again in his mind's eye.
Enjoying it again.
And again.
Every single second of it.
.
In truth, he had loved it. 
It was a strange thing to describe or explain, but killing a man,...this man...it was so very different from killing the women he had loved. 
Thankfully, although he had worried about being aroused during the act, when it eventually happened, it was not sexual in any way, unlike the act of killing his ex-girlfriends.
Killing a man had been more primordial, more basic. It had made him feel more like a man. A warrior. The adrenaline rush had been greater.
But the depth of the crash on the other side had been unexpected. The intensity of the tears and the sadness that had overwhelmed him, post deed, had been surprising.
Afterwards, the high he normally rode for several weeks had immediately evaporated. Looking back now, he suddenly remembered the sound of the fox barking, and he realised that perhaps it was that which had connected him so quickly back to that other bedroom in Kraków, when a dog had started barking immediately after his mother had left him.
Could animals really sense or see the departing or transition of a soul?
.
Or was the sadness due to something else? 
Previously, the women he had killed, had all meant something to him. There had been a serious, deep, and important connection with each and every one of them.
He had loved them.
But after the deed had been done tonight, the body on the floor had been just that. A massive hunk of flesh which had no, or little, emotional connection to Maciek. 
.
Maciek dug deeper.
.
The truth was, Maciek didn't know. It was a mystery to him. But that mystery was all part of the experience. Not all experiences can be perfect.
In reflection, it had been worth it. He had wanted to recreate the scene from Private Ryan, to recapture that moment just as it had been done so magically in the film, and he had succeeded.
However, it was unlikely, Maciek decided, that he would ever kill a man again.
Once was enough.
Best stick to women.
Maciek dug deeper.
.
--------------------
.
An hour later, the hole was deep enough.
Maciek was an expert in digging holes and disposing of the bodies of his victims.
The problem with dead people, Maciek knew, was that they often didn't stay put. Bodies had a tendency of moving. Either because the earth or the ground moved, or because the rotting flesh produced gases which helped bodies 'resurface' at the most inconvenient of times. 
A big mistake others made when disposing of bodies was simply not to bury them deep enough. Another mistake was not to weigh them down or cover them with heavy stones. A smaller mistake was to make it obvious that a hole had been dug, so that anyone passing a few days after the burial may be intrigued as to what had gone on there. Another was to bury them somewhere there was a likelihood of them being found. And a final mistake was not to take bearings of where the bodies had been buried: just in case you may have to relocate them and move them again at some time in the future... 
Five mistakes that Maciek never made. Particularly with respect to the last one. Maciek always made sure that each chosen location was somewhere he could easily find again, either through triangulating several reference points, or by choosing somewhere which was defined easily by some natural phenomena or landmark that would not be likely to go anywhere fast...such as a point near a cliff edge, or a river, or a thousand year old oak tree. 
As in everything else that he did, Maciek took pride in the disposing of his victims. It wasn't because he believed that everyone deserved a decent last resting place. 
He just wanted to do it right. 
And he didn't want to get caught.
Before digging the hole, Maciek had collected the pine needles and surface debris and put them into a bag. He had cut squares out of the first ten centimetres of the surface and tried to lay them side by side with a big spade on top of a large green tarpaulin. At the side of the hole he had assembled five large slabs of concrete paving that he had removed from the pathway in the garden at the back of his house. He had carried these into the forest one at a time over the past few nights, and hidden them under some leaves and pine needles until now.
Then he had dug the hole. 
Deep.  
Almost a metre deep, and wider than the body.
As he dug, he tossed the earth onto another green tarpaulin that he had rolled out across the edge of the grave that was on his left as he dug. 
Now it was done, the only missing ingredient to the perfect recipe was the body of his guest.
Maciek wiped his forehead and looked at his watch. 3.30 a.m.
.
It took Maciek five minutes to jog back to the house. The body was already wrapped and assembled in the rubber matting upstairs. He had removed anything that could identify the body, smashed in the face with a spade and removed the upper and lower jaw...messy work but necessary: Maciek knew the power of teeth and their fillings in helping victims to speak again, especially to their dental records! His guest had had a few rings, and personal effects. Maciek took these and would dispose of these separately over the next few days, probably by throwing them over the side of a boat somewhere in deep water. The man had also had a wallet with a few cards in it. Maciek flicked through the wallet and then dropped it into his back pocket. It may come in handy. After this, Maciek may need to borrow a new identity for a few days. Just temporarily. And the identity that his guest could lend him was just perfect. Given who he was, it would be at least six months before anyone missed him. 
It then took Maciek thirty minutes to carry the body back into the forest and drop it into the hole.
It fitted perfectly.
Jumping in after him, Maciek took hold of each of the paving slabs in turn from the edge of the hole, and dragged them into the hole with him. He positioned them on top of the body in a row, completely covering the rubber matting, and then climbed out.
It took twenty more minutes to scoop up and spade all the earth from the tarpaulin back into the hole, and then to carefully replace the squares of surface 'turf' that he had carved up so meticulously before. Then he scattered his earlier collection of pine-needles and debris from the forest floor, re-covering the ground which he had previously dug up.
It took another six minutes to fold up both of the tarpaulins, scatter a few more pine needles over the area where they had made an impression on the ground, and then meticulously check the area for anything else, any other signs that could possibly signify that he had been there. As a matter of course, he would walk past that same spot within the next twenty four hours during daylight, just to re-check it all.
But for now, the job was done.
His guest, his housemate for a night, had now departed. Vanished.
Never to be seen again.
.
He took one more look around him, confirming again the landmarks that helped Maciek mark out this spot. It would be easy to find it again in a hundred years time, let alone tomorrow.
As Maciek walked back through the forest carrying his spade wrapped up in the tarpaulins, he felt the first twinge of remorse for what he had just done.
Not for killing the man. 
Not for burying the man so unceremoniously.
But for killing and burying him without his guest ever having a clue as to why he had been killed, why he had been chosen, or what he could possibly have done to make Maciek want to select him and not someone else.
.
There was, however, a good reason. One that made perfect sense to Maciek. And it would have given him some extra pleasure in telling the man why. 
But it was too late. The occasion had not arisen when it would have been appropriate, and now was not the time to have any regrets.
Maciek never had any regrets.
Ever.


Chapter 14
StemPharma Corp Development Laboratories
3rd Level
Underground Bunker
Delaware
Present Day 2 p.m.
September 7th
.
.
Nic White sat nervously at the virtual 'table' he was sharing with the Vice President of Sales and Marketing, Philip Grant, via their high definition 'telepresence' video conference.
Philip Grant was busy scanning the PowerPoint slides that Nic was projecting onto their shared screen at the end of the room. Nic had spent several days collating the information from the most recent analysis and surveys, and he had done his best to present it in as simple a way as possible.
From experience, he knew that executives were not interested in too much detail. They just wanted facts. Simple facts. Facts that weren't too 'factual', just in case they didn't understand them.
To make it more official, and provide Philip with all the information he could possibly need, just in case it was asked for, Nic had collated a portfolio of information in a folder that now sat on the desk in front of Philip. It contained a USB with all the digital files that Nic had used in his analysis, the PowerPoint slide deck he was presenting now, and the official business case that Philip and the other executives had signed off at the start of the project.
It also contained all the sales collateral, the advertising and marketing campaigns, and most importantly...the revenue statistics from sales of the product since it had been launched.
The VP had it all.
The VP of Sales was known throughout the company for his directness and it was said that he was not the most pleasant of men to work with. So far, Nic's experience of the man had not been as bad as others. The VP had always been quite pleasant to him. 
But now, six months after the first treatment that used Nic's new technology had been launched, Philip Grant had a completely different demeanour about him.
There was no small chat, no pleasantries, no 'How is life in the bunker?' Philip Grant had turned up for the meeting thirty minutes late, simply walked into the videoconferencing room in New York, said 'Hi', waved his hand at Nic across the virtual video conferencing meeting link, and sat down. He then proceeded to look at his watch and say that he had another meeting, a conference call, in thirty minutes, and he was going to use the same video conferencing room for it.
In other words, 'Nic, you have thirty minutes of my time, and then we have to drop the call. Okay?'
The fact that Nic had managed to get the meeting agreed with the VP at such short notice was a small miracle in itself. After he finally got the presentation and the project update portfolio together, he had looked the VP up on the internal system, miraculously found a time in Outlook that seemed to be free, and sent the invite. That was several days ago. That same day, the VP had accepted the meeting, and Nic had the material he had prepared passed through the neutron radiation cleanser- (thus killing all and any bugs that may be lurking or hiding inside the material)- and sent it up in the secure service elevator to the outside world, where it had been collected and swiftly couriered to the New York office. The fact that the VP had so quickly accepted and agreed to attend the video conferencing meeting was an indication in itself that at this point in time, many of the eyes of the Executives in the company were firmly focussed on the work that Nic and his team were doing. And on the new treatment and drug that they had just released.
And now, through the wonders of modern technology and high-definition video conferencing, Nic was trying to explain to the VP of Sales just why he was worried. Why he had called the meeting. And why he thought the VP should decide to do 'something', ...although what that 'something' was, Nic had not yet completely decided.
But something had to be done.
Having read the feedback and analysed the results, it was Nic's duty to alert the VP. Nic trusted that once he carefully explained what the feedback was, the VP would take the appropriate action.
Nic had now finished his presentation, the VP was recapping and examining the slides on the screen that they shared between them. He watched as the VP advanced through the slide deck. Philip Grant coughed.  Perhaps a little nervously. Then Nic saw the VP turn his attention to the presentation pack on his desk. He started to open it up, and was just about to take out the detailed report that Nic had referenced, when rather abruptly the VP slid it back into its container and turned to face Nic on the screen.
"So, Nic...," Philip Grant started. "What you are basically telling me, is that SP-X4 is a runaway success...?"
Philip Grant smiled, letting the question hang in the air, demanding a response.
It took a second for the question to fully register in Nic's mind.
There was something in the way that the VP had asked the question that worried Nic. The man had the facts, and Nic knew that he was not stupid. He looked at Philip again, perhaps for the first time seeing him in a different light. 
Philip Grant was tall...although you couldn't see that on the video screen, bald, broad shouldered, and had dark, brown eyes. He oozed authority and strength, and because of his height, he almost always commanded automatic respect from people. Whether it was deserved or not.
Mr Grant was waiting for an answer.
"Actually...," Nic began, still not too sure what he was going to say. "I'm not exactly saying that..."
"I'm sorry? But that's what I heard." The VP immediately replied. "Listen Nic, everyone on the Board thinks that you have done a fantastic job. Only you could have done this. You've done a great job...! The drug treatment does exactly as it was designed to do. The sales figures prove that. In the whole history of modern medicine, no drug has had such a successful launch. Sales are up. The share price has gone up 35% in two months...And that's just the beginning."
He paused.
"Like I said," he continued. "You've done a great job. Congratulations. Now...if you'll excuse me..." he said, looking at his watch. 
Nic was just about to say something, when Philip Grant, the VP of Sales and Marketing, hit the red "end call" button on the desk-console in the New York office.
The meeting was over.



Chapter 15
Maciek's Story
The Cuillins Mountain Range
Isle of Skye
Scotland 
September 8th, Present Day
10.30 a.m.
.
.
Maciek sat at the summit of Sgurr Alasdair in the Cuillins of Skye and surveyed the scene around him. It was breathtakingly beautiful. For a good long while, he simply sat there and looked at the world beneath him from his select place in heaven. Admiring it. Wondering at it. Drinking it all in and refreshing and cleansing himself in the purest way he knew how.
Maciek was an avid climber. An expert who had climbed many of the most famous peaks in Europe, including the Matterhorn and the North Face of the Eiger. For him, climbing was as natural as walking. As far back as he could remember, he had been looking at the mountains and planning routes to their summits. It had started with conquering the kitchen table, and then the stairs in his grandmother's house, and ended up with where he was today. On top of the world. 
Undoubtedly he had inherited the love of the mountains from his father, as well as a natural ability that had earned him the nickname 'Monkey' at school. A nickname of which he was proud, and which he had kept and nurtured amongst his friends all the way up to the second year of university. During his younger years, Maciek had enjoyed many happy trips to the Tatra mountains with his father. Together they had explored every nook and cranny that the Tatras had to offer. And then his father had died, and he had never been back to the Tatras since.
At university, one of his colleagues in the climbing club...Pietr... had joked that his ability to climb must have been genetically encoded into his DNA. Maciek was a natural. A veritable climbing genius. A few weeks before he had been arrested for his part in the assisted suicide of his mother, Maciek had been busy planning his university's first trip to Everest, with himself as team leader. It was going to be the highlight of his life, but instead he ended up spending a year in prison, before being released early for good behaviour.
The local judge had gone easy on Maciek at his trial: he had known his mother, and the suffering she had endured, and he had found a way to give Maciek a sentence that punished him in the eyes of the law, but did not take Maciek away from society for too long.
Nevertheless, Maciek had been forced to leave university, and he had never made it back. After a final trip back to the house of his mother, where he had sat that day alone on the empty bed where he had taken her life, Maciek had started his new life: drifting from one place to another, trying to find the meaning of it all and searching for a way to reconcile to himself, what he had done that day so long ago in his mother's house.
He had been punished in jail, but the punishment in his mind never stopped.
He had never forgiven himself for what he had done, and he knew he never would. 

Maciek had travelled through most of Europe, working in many of the most beautiful cities in the world. It was always the same though. As soon as he settled down, he would meet a beautiful young woman, fall in love. Start to plan for the future. And then one day, sometimes planned and sometimes on the spur of the moment, he would kill her.
And he would enjoy it. He loved it. He was addicted to it.
To Maciek it was the greatest high in the world. To take the life of a beautiful woman that he loved. To watch her eyes as that magical light faded and went out. To be there to witness her become an angel, and to feel her leave her body and fly away, high into the sky.
Maciek was an intelligent man. After he had killed his first two girlfriends he had spent months trying to understand why he enjoyed it so much, why he felt compelled to do it, why he was so fascinated in watching and sensing their last moment in this life.
He knew it was related to his killing of his mother. He knew that somehow he was probably trying to recapture that moment. He knew that it was fucked up. That it was wrong and not natural. 
But then he had met Annette in Paris. He fell in love. They moved in together. He had planned her death for two months. Every single detail of it. He had tried to stop himself from doing it. To argue with himself and rationalise that this was not the right thing to do... 
But he had loved her too much. 
So, as planned so meticulously in advance, he had killed her in the early hours of a Tuesday morning.
And by Tuesday lunchtime he was sitting somewhere halfway up the Matterhorn, surveying the town of Zermatt from above, and watching the people so far below, scrambling around at the bottom of the mountain like little ants.
After that he had never questioned himself again. Killing those he loved had become part of his makeup. It was something he did, and he was good at it.
Like climbing. 
The two loves of his life.

Maciek thought for a moment about the last few days. In retrospect, he was glad that he had killed a man, and had added that experience to his collection, but he knew now that he would never do that again. He had enjoyed it while it was happening, but the depression that had started immediately afterwards had pursued him all the way to the border of Scotland. 
It was only as he had started to drive along the valleys with the hills beginning to reach up high on either side of the road that he had begun to feel better.
After the Matterhorn, it had become a little tradition of his, that after he had killed someone, he would head to the hills, where he could find a place amidst the heavens to think and ponder and savour what he had done, before planning the next stage of his life. 

The trip to the Cuillins of Skye had been one that he had been planning for a long time, but he had always kept it in his back pocket, to be used up when celebrating some very special occasion. Such as his personal re-enactment of Saving Private Ryan. 
The weather had been perfect for the past couple of days. He couldn't have planned it better. 
He had left his B&B very early that morning, making good time, and by 8 a.m. he was already well on his way along the marked path past 'Loch an Fir Ballich', as it was called on the map. He paused at the head of the loch to have breakfast, while he admired the views of the islands of Rhum and Soay, and then continued up into Coire Lagan. He had first heard about this trip- climbing 'the round of Coire Lagan'- during his first year at university. The round trip and the climb along and up the peaks of this ridge, was reputed to be the most fabulous day out on Skye. So far it had not disappointed. 
The route was to take him up the 'Great Stone Chute', by all accounts an impressive sounding but rather nasty and very steep scree slope, up to a small saddle/ crossing (or ' bealach ' as the locals called it in Gaelic) between the two peaks Sgurr Alasdair and Sgurr Thearlaich. His plan was to climb them both in quick succession, before continuing onto the main goal of the day, Sgurr Dearg - the world famous 'Inaccessible Pinnacle', a huge fin of rock at the top of the mountain, only a few metres wide with vertical drops on all sides.
Maciek knew that most people would scale the last peak in the company of a professional guide or with friends, but Maciek was going to do it alone so that he could derive the maximum pleasure from his achievement. 
He also had a lot to think about and he was looking forward to the solitude. His plan was simple: he would climb directly up the front of the fin and then abseil down the other side. No messing around. The direct approach was always the best!

So far, everything had gone to plan. Surprisingly, even though the weather was brilliant for climbing, he was the first man up the hill, and although he could now see a few ants beginning to crawl around the hill further down, he had not yet spoken to another human being all day.
Maciek took out a sandwich from his pocket and began to eat. He had deliberately left his rucksack in the bealach below while he climbed first Sgurr Alasdair, then Sgurr Thearlaich, but wished now that he had brought it with him. He had left his camera in the rucksack, a stupid mistake which he regretted and made him angry with himself.
As he chewed on his sandwich, Maciek thought about the days ahead. He would not being be going back to his rented house. It was time to move on to somewhere new. He would minimize any possible suspicion by returning to his work as a security assistant in the A&E department in the hospital, which was over a hundred miles away from his house. For now he would find somewhere more local to stay on a temporary basis.
Later this week he would visit his 'friend' in Birmingham and organize a new passport and identity. Then he would move back to London for a while. There were so many other Poles there that he would be surrounded by fellow countrymen and blend in easily. There were also lots of hospitals in London...it would be easy to get a job.
In the meantime, Maciek would borrow the identity of his departed guest for a week or so, just until his new papers could be bought. He had kept the wallet, and thankfully his guest had been carrying two bank cards which meant that Maciek could simply swipe the cards and buy anything up to £10 at a checkout without providing any identification. 
He had been lucky.

Maciek turned to look at the peak of Sgurr Thearlaich. 
Then he looked at the picture of the 'Inaccessible Pinnacle' on the back of the map. 
It looked simple. He smiled to himself. He was going to enjoy this.




Chapter 16
Royal Infirmary of Edinburgh Renal Unit
The Royal Infirmary of Edinburgh
September 8th
Present Day
10.30 a.m.
.
.
Dr Jamieson stood by the bedside of Peter Nicolson, the reporter from the News. The Nephrology Consultant surveyed the charts again, hoping that perhaps he had missed something and that the latest results would still give him some comfort and indicate that Peter's condition was improving. Perhaps he had missed something on his first examination of the charts.
Unfortunately, it was not the case. The trained eye of the consultant had not missed anything. Things were as bad as he feared.
Peter had been admitted again last night, and his condition had deteriorated rapidly. He had re-entered a coma a few hours after admission, and had not yet regained consciousness.
The dialysis machine was doing its best to help Peter's body stay alive, but it was just a machine, not a miracle worker. Peter's body was tired and was fighting a new infection. His body needed a good, long, solid rest.
A few hours ago they had begun a new course of treatment, designed to help fight the new infection.
The consultant was hopeful that they would soon see some signs of improvement, but he knew that long term this was not good enough. They might be able to stave off this new infection, clear his lungs, help his immune system temporarily and help him recover slightly. But from experience Dr Jamieson knew that things had become desperate. If this infection didn't kill him, the next might. 
Peter needed a transplant. Urgently.
If Peter's body started to recover, to fight the infection, to stabilise again, they would have a window of opportunity when his body might be strong enough to survive a transplant operation.
The consultant turned to the other doctor beside the bedside. "Any luck so far?" he asked.
"No, sorry. We haven't been able to find any compatible kidneys yet. He's next on the list. Now it's just a matter of time. We just have to wait."
The consultant signed the charts, handed the clipboard back to the doctor and walked on to the next bedside and the next patient on his round at the renal unit.
If a matching donor was found, Dr Jamieson would conduct the transplant surgery himself. Deep down, he really wanted this case to have a positive outcome. He liked Peter.
He knew though, that the chances of finding a matching donor in the next few days were not high. Statistically, the odds were not in favour of poor old Peter.
Sometimes life was like a lottery.

As in all these cases though, the sad thing was that for Peter to win the lottery, someone else would first have to lose. And die.



END OF PART ONE
Chapter 17
Part 2
Four months later
Present Day 
February The Following Year.
.
.
Big Wee Rab lay back in his bed and stared at the ceiling of his cell. He would be getting out tomorrow. He had served eight months of his sixteen month sentence. Rab laughed to himself. He was being let out early for 'good behaviour'. He laughed again. Until now Rab had never, ever, been well behaved. In fact, the concept of ‘good behaviour’ had, until this point, been alien to him. Even funnier was that, out of all the people or institutions he had encountered during his pathetic little life, it was the now the highest authority in the land...the Queen of England, who was saying "Good boy Rab. You can go home now. You've been very well behaved!"
"Shut the fuck up, Rab!" the man from the bunk underneath shouted up. "I'm fucking trying to sleep, ya bastard!"
Rab contemplated jumping down and nutting him on the head...giving him a 'Glasgow kiss'...but he decided against it. For eight months he had seriously tried his best not to get into trouble. He was a reformed character. Really.
Or at least, that was what he wanted to become.
His stretch in prison had been a wake-up call. In more ways than one.
Firstly, he had realised just how close he had come to death. He had been very lucky. So bloody lucky, Rab couldn't accept that it was just chance.
If it had not been for the policeman who had climbed the fence and dived into the cold waters of the loch to pull out his body, he would have drowned. Thank God Jamsie had seen him being blown over the fence and alerted the policeman. 
Secondly, somehow Rab had been floating face up, another piece of luck.
Thirdly, the explosion had only left him with minor burns on his back. His wrist had been broken while trying to climb out of the burning wreck, but it had already healed, and the plaster cast was long gone.
And lastly, and most fucking lucky of all, was the fact that he had got away with attempted murder, and only been sentenced for a first offence of joyriding a stolen car while under the influence of drugs. How he had managed that, he just didn't know. It had to have been a combination of things: an incompetent police investigation...no one seemed to have twigged that there was petrol in the back seat that went up with the car; somehow they had believed his story that the whole thing had been an accident, caused by the car in front not driving properly and crashing into the fence and bouncing off it...Rab had tried to avoid a crash by cutting the corner, but had been hit by the car in front bouncing backwards towards him. "It had all happened so fast...and I wasn't really thinking straight," he had confessed. "I was high at the time...I'm sorry."
At first Rab had been sorry: 'sorry that he had not succeeded in killing the bastard reporter frae the News’. But over the past few months, it had slowly dawned on him how fucking lucky he was that he had not killed the bastard.  If he had, that would have been the end of Big Wee Rab. In more ways than one. 
It was his first time in a proper court...he had just turned eighteen last year...and his previous offences till now had been ‘considered minor’. Ironically he had never been caught doing any of the bad things he had actually done, only the trivial stuff. In court, he had got some right namby-fucking-pamby judge who believed in Rab's 'potential'- what fucking potential?-and he practically let him off. He had been expecting several years of hard time, and he ended up with a prison cell with a TV, and a canteen and a library and a fully equipped gym. And basketball and football four times a week.
In one way, it was the best social club he had ever been to.
On the other hand, Rab had met some real big hard nuts inside. Rab had thought that he was 'hard', but he realised now that he had never known the definition of the word. These people were real scum. 
The only way that Rab had avoided some of the bad things that happen to most new boys in the prison, was because he was so tall and strong. He had spent most of his time working out in the gym, and now he was even stronger than when he had come in.
Smarter too.
Rab was a lot smarter.
He knew that he had one of two choices.
Go back to the estate and possibly die there or make a clean break. 
In other words, he had to fuck off somewhere else and never go back to his old life, because if he did, he knew that he would get dragged back into the mire with the rest of them. And if he did, he would have no option but to become the best of the worst. He would have to end up using all the new things he had learned in prison from the other scum he had met here, and using it to the best effect he knew how in a new, harder life. He had made lots of connections in prison. Lots of new ‘friends’.
Rab was fighting a battle with himself. Inside his big wee brain. He knew that if he went back to the estate, he now knew how to turn the CME Team into the biggest, fucking, scariest Team/Crew/ Gang...call it whatever you want...in the whole of Lothian and the Borders. And he knew how to make money from it. Tons of money. Drugs were the key. Lots and lots of drugs. Thankfully he now had the contacts to succeed. 
On the other hand, Rab, ...his real name was Robert...had spent some time getting reading lessons in the library from one of the prison 'teachers'. He had read. A lot. He had seen pictures in books of places all over the world. Places he wanted to go. To see. To experience.
He had heard that outside he could get more lessons. He could learn 'stuff'. He could maybe even get a job, through a friend who he had met, who was running some sort of reform scheme for people just like him.
The minister in the prison had called him Robert. It sounded good. He liked that name. A good new name to start a new life.

He was getting out tomorrow.
He closed his eyes and tried to sleep, but couldn't. 
He was too excited, and too scared. He didn't know which choice he was going to make.
To become good at being very bad, or to become very good.


Chapter 18
Edinburgh Evening News
February
.
.
Peter sat at his desk, a cup of steaming coffee in his hand and the latest edition of the Evening News spread out on the desk in front of him. It was the end of his first full day back on the job. It felt great. 
There had been times when he didn't believe that this day would come. He had come so close to giving up, to just letting it all go away. To closing his eyes, and forgetting about everything, forever. He had been so tired and so sick for so long, that he had simply lost the ability to remember what it felt like to be well again.
Then one day, after he had come out of his second coma, but was still lying in his hospital bed, the nurse had come into the room he shared with two others, followed by his renal consultant. They were both smiling.
He had had the transplant later that same day. 
A week later he had smiled for the first time in months.
Two weeks later was still alive.
Three weeks later he had cried.
A month later he was allowed home.

Last week he had kicked a football in the park. He had walked alongside Dunsapie Loch in the centre of the Queen's Park, at the base of Arthur's Seat in the centre of Edinburgh. The doctor had told him not to overdo it. 'One step at a time,' was how he had so aptly put it.
Which is exactly what Peter had been doing. Every hour, a few more steps than the hour before. One day a walk to the front door of his house, the next into the garden. The day after back and forward, in and out of the door a few times. A week later into the street, a month later a trip out on the bus...etc. etc. Until he was now sitting here at his old desk, back at his old job.
At first Dr Jamieson had advised him against trying so hard. It seemed that Peter was doing too much, too soon. The speed of his recovery was astounding everyone. 
Peter had had a double transplant. Two new kidneys from a matching donor had been put inside his body. The nephrology consultant had explained that although the kidneys he had received were in excellent shape, from a young, fit, compatible donor, there was still a risk that his body may reject them, infection could set in, or that unfortunately, one or both of the kidneys could simply fail.
The good news was that statistically after one year, 88% of kidneys transplanted from deceased donors were still functioning well. The survival rate after ten years was now well over 50%! 
All good news.
"The first kidney transplant was carried out in 1954. Since then the biggest hurdle we have faced, " the consultant had explained. "...has been trying to trick the human body into accepting a piece of foreign flesh which had been grafted into it without fighting it. Normally, the immune system is all geared up to fight anything it doesn't recognise, to try and kill it and protect the body. So, how do we trick the body into not rejecting a new, healthy kidney that it needs?"
Peter had not thought about it like that.
"The answer is to suppress the immune system so that it doesn't view the new kidney as an invader.  In the past twenty years great strides have been made in new immunosuppressant drugs that do exactly that."
"What happens when I stop taking the immunosuppressant drugs?" Peter had asked.
"Simple. Unfortunately we stop suppressing the immune system. It wakes up, sees the kidneys and kills them."
"Which means that I will be taking immunosuppressant drugs for the rest of my life?"
"Yes."
The consultant had paused, and then added.
"Which, by the grace of God, will then be an otherwise long, healthy, and normal life."
Peter smiled. That part he liked.

Peter had indeed been lucky. 
The consultant was very pleased with all his progress so far. To date, there were no signs of any form of rejection or infection. On the contrary, the kidneys seemed to be flourishing. 
Peter was one of the first people in Scotland to have been treated with a revolutionary new procedure, the details of which were not yet being publicised. Even Peter was unaware of the details.
It would therefore be incorrect to describe his recovery as a text-book success, because there was not yet anything written in any text book to describe the treatment he had undergone.

So far, this new treatment had gone very well. Surprisingly well. Astonishingly well. 
The speed and strength of his recovery had been noted by not only his relatives, the consultants and the doctors. Others also, thousands of miles away, were secretly following his case notes every day.
They had never met Peter. They had never seen a photograph of him, or met anyone in his family.
And yet, they were very, very interested in his case.
They were watching.



Chapter 19
The Fox and Hounds
Knutsford 
7.55 p.m.
February
.
.
Carolina reached across the bar, and put the pint of cold beer down on the shining wooden counter.
"That'll be £4.10," she said, smiling.
The young man smiled back and handed her a five pound note. He watched as she turned round and opened the till, taking out his change and then turning back towards him.
She was a very attractive woman. Young, blond, and with beautiful large breasts that were tantalizing visible, yet modestly covered, the classic low-cut top displaying her assets to their best effect. Like a million other barmaids throughout the countryside, she maximised sales and tips by dressing provocatively, and keeping men's eyes open and entertained.
"Thanks." She said, handing the spotty young man back his money and smiling again. She saw the look in his eye. She saw the look in all their eyes. He had no chance. 
Carolina was under no illusion as to why she had been given the job. She was good for business. It suited her too, as jobs were hard to come by now and she needed to earn as much money as possible to help keep her baby son fed, and pay her college tuition fees.
She turned and looked at the clock. It was time for her first break of the evening.
She turned to Simon, the bar manager, and he nodded in recognition. Carolina poured herself a hot cup of tea and stepped through the back door into the back room. She sat down and opened up the paper she had taken from the bar and started to read.
After reading the headlines, she opened up the paper and glanced quickly at a few of the articles, before reaching into her pocket, pulling out her mobile and checking the display. 
No calls.
She checked her messages.
Nothing.
She went online and checked her emails.
There were a few new emails from friends, an announcement about some new 'Followers' on Twitter, but nothing from Gary.
It had been four months since she had heard from him. She was beginning to get really worried. 
She had split up with him. He had been upset. She had moved on with her life. 
Nevertheless, she still cared about him. They had spent some good times together. Some very nice times. But she soon realised that he wasn't right for her family: she had to think not only about herself, but also about her son. She didn't think that Gary was ready to settle down, to accept another man's child. Commitments. He was too much of a free spirit.
But where was he now? Where had he gone?
Knutsford was a small village. Idyllic in many ways. A typical picture postcard perfect little piece of old England, where everyone knew the name of everyone else, and still said "Hello" to each other as they passed on the street. Which was exactly the point: she hadn't seen him on the street. In the supermarket, the pub, or the church. At all. Anywhere.
It wasn't that she wanted to get back together again with him. She was just worried that he may have overreacted and left town. Just upped sticks and gone. Possible, but nobody else had heard from him either. Even his friends said they didn't know where he was. Were they lying to her? Why? 
Was it possible that he had liked her more than she thought? 
Had she got it all wrong?

Wherever he was, she hoped that he would call her back soon. She hated feeling so guilty, and she couldn't get on with her life properly until she had heard from him again. 

"Where the hell was he?"

Chapter 20
Delaware
February
.
.
Nic White walked in the sunshine, breathing in the fresh air and enjoying every second of being back topside. He had been out of the bunker for three days now, and he was spending as much time as possible out in the open, positively imbibing open spaces and being anywhere where the nearest wall wasn't just five feet away and his eyes could look to a distant horizon.
It wasn't that Nic was claustrophobic, but the more time he spent in the bunker, the more he appreciated the real world and what it had to offer. When he was out of the bunker, he spent as little time as possible at home, confined within a set of walls. At every opportunity he left his house behind and walked.
He loved walking.
He was walking now, through a forest close to his home in Newark, Delaware. He loved being back close to his Alma Mater, was a proud 'Blue Hen' and wore his University ring with pride.
Nic had seen a lot of the US,- America had many wonderful places to see and experience - but he loved Delaware: the beautiful beaches, the vast, beautiful waters of the Chesapeake Bay, the countryside, the quaintness of Newark, the home town of the university, and the proximity to Philadelphia and New York. 
It was only when you leave something behind, that you begin to miss it. When Nic had left Delaware for Berkeley and then again later for Brown University in Providence, Rhode Island, he had missed Delaware a lot.
The ability to work again now in Delaware at the StemPharma bunker in Dover had been a gift of opportunity and fate, one which he could never have turned down.
He had been lucky, and he knew it.

Nic's phone beeped, and he pulled it out of his small rucksack. He scanned his fingerprint into the StemPharma phone security App, said his name, and went to his email. The latest reports had just arrived back from the field trials of SP-X4. 
Nic sat down, opening up the report on his phone, and quickly scanned through the feedback from the trial. He knew exactly what he was looking for. 
He found it on page twenty-four.
The report showed that the drug they had developed and the patented treatment which they had built around it were still delivering amazing results, way better than they had ever expected or hoped for.
But Nic was looking for something specific. Something that he did not understand. Something which was initially totally unexpected, and now seemed to be repeating over and over again. 
Twenty new cases had been reported.
Nic swore aloud. 
It was obvious that Philip Grant and the management team were not interested in taking action. For whatever reason, they were ignoring the feedback that Nic had given them.
Nic shut his phone down and put it back into his rucksack. He looked up at the beautiful trees all around him, most of which were still without leaves. It was incredibly warm for this time of year, the ground was dry, and there had been no snow since December. 
The problem was that Nic was not too sure what to do next. The results back from the field trials indicated something interesting, - no, it was much more than that- they indicated that potentially something amazing was happening. Something incredible. Something however, that should not be happening in the patients of a commercial drug. Now more than ever, Nic was worried that the figures and the reports were beginning to wave a big, red, warning flag in his face.
A warning.
But what did that warning mean?
What should he do?

Nic lay on the ground in the forest, staring up at the blue sky. As he watched, clouds started to form, and slowly the blue disappeared and was replaced by a dull grey. It was as if the forest had sensed his feelings. As the light changed, the vibrancy of the world around him started to fade, and a sense of despondency began to descend on Nic.
He felt alone. Frustrated. Stressed.

Data. He needed more data. He could not act yet, until he understood more about the feedback. 
Slowly a plan began to form. It was not a very good plan, Nic knew that, but for now, it was the only plan he had.
Firstly, he would personally investigate as many of the reported cases as he could.
Secondly, they would extend the territories in which the new SP-X4 treatment was being sold. That way, if this was something real, and not just some unrelated phenomena, they would get more feedback in a shorter time-frame.
Data. Nic needed more data.
This way he would get what he needed.
In the meantime, sales revenues would increase, and Nic knew that, for now, this was the only thing that Philip Grant was interested in.


.
Chapter 21
Craigmillar, Edinburgh
February
.
.
It was a beautiful day. The sun was reflecting off the frozen loch, twinkling back up from the ice crystals, as if someone had scattered a million little diamonds on its frozen surface. 
Standing beside the fence by the side of the loch at the spot the accident had happened, Peter could hear the laughs and cries of the children skating on the opposite side of the frozen loch beside Duddingston Village. 
Peter could not recall any other time in his life when the loch had frozen over. It had snowed for the past few days, but today the sky was clear. Blue skies and warm sun shone down on a magical mystery land carpeted with virgin white snow.
Looking up at Arthur's Seat, the big hill that dominated the city centre of Edinburgh and rose up tall and majestically just behind the village of Duddingston, Peter could also make out the little figures of people who were trying to ski down the hill. It seemed that today, everyone was outside trying to enjoy the sunshine.
Peter looked at the top of Arthur's Seat. Little black dots were moving around near the summit, tourists and Edinburgh locals who had made it all the way up and through the snow to witness the view across the city and the River Forth as it emerged into the North Sea. 
For the first time is his life, Peter wondered what that view would be like. The thought caught Peter by surprise, and he almost laughed when he caught himself thinking it. 
For Peter, it was an amazing thought. Although he had spent his entire life living in and around the city, he had never once been to the summit of Arthur's Seat. He had never even thought of going up there. Even though probably every visitor to the city, and every other inhabitant of the city had.
The reason why he hadn't was very simply. Peter was acrophobic. He had a terrible fear of heights.
It was not something he liked to talk about, or tell anyone else, because normally it ended up in someone laughing, and him being the centre of unwanted attention.
Instead, he tended to just avoid any and all situations where viewing anything from high up may be involved: 'high up' being anything more than a metre off the floor. Which ruled out holidays abroad where flying was the only way to get there, climbing ladders, rescuing cats from trees, or standing on a chair to replace a light bulb.
He wasn't a 'woos' or a 'girlie' as others in his life had called him. Actually, he was quite brave. He was perfectly prepared to run into a burning building and rescue a cat, or scuba dive to the depths of the ocean (-oddly enough this was okay, because he could 'feel' the water supporting him underneath-), or climb over the top of a trench and attack the Germans ( if that had still been a necessary or applicable way to define courage and bravery). But climb a small ladder, or look out of an airplane window? No, both were things he simply could not do.
One day a scientist somewhere in the world would prove that acrophobia was a real condition, just like blindness, or deafness, but until that day, Peter planned to keep this little secret to himself.
He was just about to turn his attention back to the road and the place where the accident had taken place, when another strange thought occurred to him. 
Perhaps one day he should take his camera and try to walk to the top of the hill, just so that he could take a photograph from the summit, for once and for all, which he could then frame and put on his wall.
Normally any thought of an action that would involve any concept of height would instantly send a shudder up and down his spine, ending in an uncomfortable feeling somewhere in his groin area, just as if his testicles had been jostled. 
Oddly enough, today, no such feeling swept over him. 
"Peter," a voice called him back to reality. "Hi, I'm Sergeant Cameron Angus of the Lothian and Borders Police." 
Peter turned away from the view of the hill and focussed on the man coming towards him now, hand outstretched and smiling.
"Sergeant," Peter smile back, beaming. "It is a real pleasure to meet you at last. I am so grateful to you! Thanks! It's not often you get to thank someone for saving their life, but I for one, would like to do that now. Thank you, Sir! And as they would say in the old days, 'I am eternally indebted to you!'"
The Sergeant shook his hand warmly, and although it may have been a trick of the light, Peter was sure that for a fraction of a second, the policeman had begun to blush.
"It was a pleasure," he started to reply. "Actually, that's not true...it was a mess. Blood everywhere, a burning car, bodies...not one of my best days. But I can honestly say that I am very, very pleased that this is one case that has had a positive outcome."
"You saved my life. I thank you Sir."
"Enough," he smiled. "You've done it already! I was just doing a job that I was trained to do. But thanks."
"Do you mind if my photographer takes a few snaps?" Peter asked, turning slightly to introduce the photographer that had accompanied him from the paper. "This is Douglas."
"Hi," the Sergeant said, shaking Douglas's hand too. "I don't see why not..."
"Good," Peter replied. "I think it would really make the article much better if we did. Hopefully you will get a front page spot."
"Yes, my boss mentioned something about an article, when he asked me to meet you here. What's it about?"
"It's about the Craigmillar Estate. About life here, and how it's being destroyed by the behaviour of a few hard-core nutters who are trying to model themselves into an LA Style gang, or Team or Crew, or whatever else they are calling themselves nowadays. It's the follow-on article to the one I wrote a few weeks before my accident. I thought it would be great to publicise the work your police group is doing, and hopefully try to make you and your colleagues more accessible to the general public and residents of Craigmillar. I just think that if they got to know you guys more, then it might help."
"Couldn't agree more."
Peter wanted to time this just right. He had to be careful how he said the next bit.
"...Originally, my editor suggested that I write something about your citation for bravery for diving into the waters of the loch and 'saving' the life of a local resident. But I persuaded him against that. I just think that most of the locals would have preferred it if you had let him drown, given that he is probably the leader of the CME Team. I think that's what we would call negative publicity. The last thing an article like that would do, would be to raise your profile in the community in a positive way. Most of them would probably just want to chuck you into the loch, for letting him live. It's just lucky that he's locked up somewhere safe where no one can get their hands on him. I, for one, would like to meet the bastard and have a few words with him...if you will please excuse my French!"
As the Sergeant allowed the photographer to direct him into position for the photograph, with Arthur's Seat as the backdrop, the policeman replied to Peter.
"Actually, he's not locked up anymore. You won't have heard yet, but he was released yesterday. He got out early for good behaviour."
"What? You're pulling my leg?" Peter couldn't believe it. "That thug deliberately tried to kill me. I almost died as a result, and he's already out of prison? You are joking, right?"
"Sorry, I'm not. I wish it was different. But I heard this morning that he was already back on the estate."

Peter looked away, trying to hide his emotions and control the anger that suddenly surged through him.
Peter was not an evil person. He had probably never been cruel or really violent in his life. But that bastard had deliberately tried to ram him off the road and kill him. To discover that just as Peter had managed to pull his life back together, having been at death's door and back, that his attacker was now a free man and once again walking the streets of Craigmillar, seemed too incredible to believe.

It only lasted a couple of seconds, but for a few, very real and tangible moments, Peter found himself imagining driving straight into the estate, finding Big Wee Rab, and killing him.

That night he dreamt about it again. In greater detail.
When he woke up the next morning, he was sweating and shaking. 
Several times during that day he thought about the dream again.
It was a violent dream. Thinking about it made Peter feel uncomfortable. He was and never had been a violent person. 
Was it some form of post-traumatic stress syndrome? 
Whatever it was, it didn't seem to want to go away. Over the next couple of days, a rage built up within Peter. An anger towards Big Wee Rab that he had never felt towards any other human. His ex-girlfriend, who worked at the News, noticed it. Over a white wine and a non-alcoholic beer, he explained his feelings and the dream, and she suggested that he should go for some counselling to help him come to terms both with what had happened to him, and how it had happened.
To Peter, the answer seemed so simple. 
Kill Big Wee Rab.
The thought scared him.
Over the next few days his dreams showed him how to do it. Made it so clear.
Peter began to get apprehensive about going to sleep.
He became scared of closing his eyes.
But each night, eventually the need to sleep overpowered him, he did close his eyes, and he slept. 
And then he dreamt. Every night.
.
--------------------
.
Peter's latest article on the Craigmillar Estate, including the photograph of Sergeant Angus, graced the third page of the Evening News on the Saturday evening. 
The feedback was brilliant. Everyone loved it.

Perhaps his ex-girlfriend had said something, or maybe it was just coincidence, but on the Monday morning the editor called him into his office, closed the door, congratulated him and offered him a coffee.
"Peter,  you are looking really tired...perhaps you are working too hard, too soon...?"
"No, it's okay. I just haven't been sleeping properly for a while..."
"Exactly. Listen, I was thinking. I know that the man who tried to kill you was set free, and he probably returned to the estate. Stressful encounters are probably the last thing you need just now. So maybe it's a good idea if you consider temporarily shelving your crusade to help people on the estate, and concentrate on helping yourself instead?"
He was not the only one. His mother had also suggested that perhaps he should forget about the Craigmillar Estate. After all, if Peter went back there, surely it was just a matter of time before he bumped into the people that had done this to him.
That didn't scare him though. Peter was quite confident in his ability to handle himself in most difficult situations.
What scared Peter now, was the graphical depictions of how he pictured killing that bastard Rab the next time he saw him.
The image of what he had done to him in his dream seemed so real. And it made Peter almost physically sick.
But the thought would not go away.
It stuck with him night and day.

After a week, Peter decided he needed a break. It was time to get away from everything and go on holiday.
Hopefully, a new scene and some relaxation would help him forget the dream.



Chapter 22
Arthur's Seat. 
Edinburgh
24th Feb
.
.
The midwinter heat wave had continued for the past week. The normal cold and wind was due to return next week, but for now, the sun still shone and it was pleasantly warm. 
The snow had all gone now, and the grass underneath was a mix of yellows, browns and light greens. The ground had smelled spring and was making its preparations.
From the city centre of Edinburgh it is possible to drive down the Royal Mile, one of the oldest streets in Europe, directly into the Queen's Park, a vast expanse of open parkland, in the centre of which a large volcanic plug rises high above the ground, dominating the city that nestles at its feet.
Reputedly once climbed by King Arthur, Arthur's Seat can be climbed by foot from a number of different paths that have been etched over the years into its steep banks.
Almost every year a tourist loses his or her life making the ascent, but the incredible view from the top of the hill continues to draw visitors every day of the year, come sun, wind, rain, hail, or snow. 
Peter had driven his car up the scenic road that wound its way up and round the park, passing two Lochs on his way.
At the top of the road, Peter parked his car beside Dunsapie Loch.
He got out, and leaned against his car, staring up at the hill above him.
It was the first day of his two-week holiday.
He had not yet decided where to go. 

Last night the dream had woken him again. 
He was killing Big Wee Rab.
He woke up in a cold sweat, made some hot milk, and sat by the window of his flat in Lochend. The view from his window was dominated by the Queen's Park, and the dark, black hulk of the 'mountain' that sat at its centre.
He opened the window and breathed in the cold night air.
His gaze wandered back to the hill, and he found himself staring at the summit. Some small lights, probably torches, were visible near the summit. Probably some students making their way down the hill, after an alcohol inspired climb in the dark.
"I wonder what it looks like up there, in the dark?" Peter thought to himself.
He coughed, and choked a little on the hot milk.
What?
I wonder what?
He looked back at the hill. The lights were slowly making their way down the slope.
"If someone can climb the hill in the dark, surely it can't be that bad after all?" he thought to himself again.
Again, the thought caught him by surprise. But, and this was the thing, this was the third time he had had such a thought in the past week, and on each occasion there was no aftershock, or fear, or negative feeling associated with it.
What was going on?

The next day, he woke up, made himself a cup of tea, pulled the curtains open, lay back down on his bed and propped his head up with a pillow so that he could study the hill. From his bedroom window he could already see some little black-specks making the climb. He looked at his watch. 8.00 a.m. "They must be keen, or mad..." he thought to himself.
For the first time in his life be began to study the hill, imagining what it would be like to climb it. Trying to see 'how' he would climb it.
He realised that from here, he couldn't really see any proper route to its summit.
That was how an hour later, he came to be standing beside his car, a pair of sturdy shoes on his feet, a raincoat, a bottle of water and his Nikon SLR in a small rucksack on his back, and a pair of sunglasses on his head.
Leaning back against his car, he visually followed the route that the tourists were taking from the Loch up to the top.
It looked easy enough.
Peter the great acrophobic smiled.
He couldn't believe what he was just about to do.

He crossed the road, lifted his foot, and took the first step upwards.
.
--------------------
.
Peter stood at the top of the mountain, king of the world. He was clinging tightly to the Ordnance Survey point, which protruded from the summit, not because he was scared, but because the wind was blowing, and there was only room for one or two people to stand at the summit at any point in time.
Actually, there were two small summits, separated by a little dip where you had to scramble across some rough volcanic rock to get from one to the other.
Peter had already scrambled from the first to the second, without any fear, and he was now busy snapping hundreds of photographs of the incredible panorama that rolled around him like some great IMAX screen.
Except this was no 3D film. This was real!
Peter was really, unbelievably, incredibly, actually standing at the top of Arthur's Seat! He laughed out aloud. He couldn't believe this. 
What's more, he felt GREAT!
Great, as in "I am King of the World!" Great as in, "Now, the world is my oyster. I can fly anywhere, I can climb anything!" Great as in, "I can rescue cats from trees!". And great as in, he felt as strong as an ox, fit as a fiddle, in better shape than he had ever been at any time of his life!
His fear of heights, miraculously, seemed to have vanished.
And so had any thought of Big Wee Rab, and wanting to kill him. 

Chapter 23
Craigmillar Estate 
At the bottom of Arthur's Seat
.
.
Big Wee Rab had been back for just over a week, but already it was beginning to feel as if he had never been away. He had stepped out of the routine of life on the estate, not through his choice, but now he was back, the routine was exactly the same as before.
In the morning you got up and there was nothing to do.
In the afternoon, after lunch, there was nothing to do.
In the evening, after dinner, there was nothing to do.
Perhaps he was being unfair. Entertainment was possible, if you did want to take a little initiative and create your own.
For example, in the morning, you could steal a car.
In the afternoon, you could drive to Dunbar, and get some drugs or smoke some weed down on one of the many beautiful beaches between here and there.
In the afternoon, you could mug someone.
In the evening, you could sniff some glue, beat someone up, crash the car and set fire to it, or steal something from someone's house.
And, ...but this could take a little bit more initiative..., Rab could start organising more ‘social evenings’, by arranging pitch fights with other gangs to see who was top dog, or had the best crew.
Of course, when driving a stolen car through the streets of Edinburgh, there was always the slight possibility that they might get caught, which added to the adrenaline rush and the whole buzz.

In fact, Rab realised, that was the main problem with the estate. There was nothing to do which was actually 'legal'. In prison, 'inside', he had been confined to small spaces, but he was never bored. He was always busy, doing things, learning to read better, making things, exercising and working out, or eating, laughing, playing cards, and sleeping.
There was also a schedule, a rota of activities, a level of discipline and organisation that made life inside almost better than life outside. 
Here there was too much free choice, but nothing to choose.
At least, nothing that was legal or free.
The bottom line was that life outside was boring.
Unless you were educated or had qualifications, 'you would never go nowhere.' You would never be able to escape. In fact, that was it, Rab decided...life on the estate was like a prison sentence, but worse, because it was without the organisation, discipline, or opportunities that you got inside.
If he stayed here, he could already see the next ten years mapped out for him. Either he would die of boredom, or he would die in a fight, while trying to make life more exciting. 

It was eight days after he got back that he made the final decision to leave. He had to get away from here. He had to escape. He would escape.
Before he could go anywhere, however, there were two problems that he needed to solve.
First, he had no idea of where he could go, when he did leave.
Glasgow? London? America? Fuck no, that would need a passport.
How about Europe? He'd heard you 'didnie need a passport onymore' to go anywhere inside the EU?
He'd seen pictures of the beaches in Spain and the south of France. Massive beaches. And the women there 'didnie wear ony bras'. They were 'right fit, had massive tits and were fucking naked!' as Wee Eck had so quaintly described it, when Big Wee Rab had shown him one of the pictures he had ripped out of his favourite book in the prison library.
Which is what, in the end, made up Big Wee Rab's mind.
He would go to 'Nice' on the south coast of France. It had to be nice there. Because the name said so.

The second small problem was that he was 'brassic'. He was broke. Had no money. No cash. Nothing. Nada. Nichts.-Fucking nowt.
After thinking about it for a long time, he realised that although he was definitely going to escape, he would not be able to do it immediately. He would first have to steal some money. One final 'bad gig', that would then help him to clean up his act and get as far away from here as possible.
So, and this was the big question, who could you steal money from on an estate where everyone was poor? 

He spent the rest of the day thinking about that question, without finding any obvious answers. That night, however, while quietly smoking a large spliff in his bedroom, the answer came to him. It took awhile, but when it came, it was so simple.
Mr Wallace.
He was an old guy. Almost dead. He must have saved up money all his life. He must have a stack of cash. And since he can hardly walk or make it to the bank anymore, Rab reasoned, it had to be hidden in his house somewhere.
That was the answer then. 
He would pay a private visit to Mr Wallace, find his hiding place, steal the money, pack his bag, and leave.
He took another big draw on his spliff, lay back on his bed, and began to dream of his new life in France.


Chapter 24
Near the Hörnlihütte
The bottom of the Matterhorn. 
Switzerland
.
.
Peter was standing on a plateau near the base of the Matterhorn, looking almost straight up. The muscles in his neck strained as he looked up, and up, and up. Probably never before in his life had Peter actually spent so much time looking 'up'. He had certainly always avoided looking 'down' at anything that was more than a metre beneath him.
Yet, for some reason that Peter could not explain or understand, none of that seemed to matter anymore.
Hallelujah! Peter had been cured. Somehow, -and he did not have the slightest idea how-, his acrophobia seemed to have miraculously vanished. Spontaneous remission? Can a fear like that just 'disappear?'
Well, it had. And that was that.
Was it permanent? 
Peter had no idea. But it had given him a new lease of life that made him feel ‘joyous’. High. Over the moon. Incredible.
Excited.
The sense of freedom that he had been enjoying for the past few days was just amazing, and he felt highly charged, young, free.
"Please God, please, let this be permanent!", he had prayed. "Don't let the old me come back...this is too brilliant!"

Only three days ago, Peter had stood at the summit of Arthur's Seat. It was the 'high point' of his life. Literally. 250.5m above sea-level, and an experience that never in his wildest dreams, had he believed he would ever experience.
He had sat at the top of hill for over two hours, just looking. Watching. Feeling the sky all around him.
It had been the most natural high he had ever experienced in his life.
While sitting on a volcanic boulder, sipping his water, it had dawned on him how strange life is. A few months ago he was on the way out of this world. And now, he was at the top of it. Fitter, stronger, and more adventurous than he had ever been.
"Now," he had said to himself."The world is my oyster to explore. There are so many places I want to see..."
The 'high' that he had experienced had not left him all that day. He was still so excited when he went to bed that night, that he could not sleep. For most of the night he simply lay there, looking at the black hulk of the hill through his window. He had thought long and hard about what this could possibly mean to his life. He could not be sure that this was a permanent thing, so he had to enjoy it as much as he possibly could while he still had time. 
The next morning, as soon as he woke up, he borrowed a ladder from a neighbour, put it against the wall, and climbed it.
He experienced no fear. 
He took the ladder downstairs, went into the communal garden that the flats shared, put the ladder against a tree, and climbed up into its branches.
Once in the tree, he climbed higher.
He looked down.
No fear.
There was nothing.
What's more, he actually felt quite comfortable being so high up. He 'enjoyed' it. Was that possible?

Just after lunch, Peter was sitting at the desk of his local travel agent. On the wall there were pictures of far away, exotic places, and airplanes. All places that he would now be able to visit. Beautiful beaches, palm trees, mountains...Now his fear of heights was gone, and he had been granted a second chance at life, Peter was going to go and see them all!

"So," the attractive young lady said, from behind her desk, "How can I help you?"
"I was thinking of going somewhere where I could see, and maybe even walk up around some very tall mountains. It may sound strange, but up till now, Holland has been my perfect holiday destination. Completely flat."
"Okay...," she smiled. "I think I have the perfect selection for you..." She reached behind her, pulling a brochure off a shelf displaying package holidays from all the major companies.
"Let's look and see if we can find anything interesting in here..."
She put a brochure down on the desk in front of Peter, flicking through some pages, and pointing to a few different holiday ideas. The brochure was called "Mountains and Lakes: Europe", and offered a selection of holidays and hotels in different places all within three hours flying time from the UK.
As she was flicking through the pages, one of the pictures reached out and grabbed Peter.
"Stop..." he said, "Where's that one?"
He leant closer, the picture of the mountain triggering something deep down in his brain, a memory, or a recollection. Something which he couldn't necessarily put his finger on, but which was lurking in his subconscious, trying to grab his attention.
"That is the Matterhorn. In Switzerland. It's one of the most beautiful places in Europe. One of our customers has just come back from a skiing trip there..."
It was a gut reaction. An instant decision. One which would change his life.
"There... that's it. That's where I want to go!"

The next day had been very busy. He had spent the day visiting the passport office in Glasgow, where he produced all the relevant paperwork and walked out the door with a British passport, minus a small fortune for the premium 'Same-Day' service. Afterwards, he had had just enough time to walk into a hiking shop and buy himself all the gear that he would need to walk in the mountains in winter.
Then he had gone home, packed, and spent the evening drinking tea and looking at Arthur's Seat from his bedroom window.
Next day he had flown for the first time in his life in an airplane. He had asked for an aisle seat, so that he couldn't see out of the window, but halfway through the flight, the person sitting beside the window was so fed up with him peaking over his shoulder, that they had swapped seats. 
Peter had spent the rest of the flight completely enthralled by the experience. From now on he was going to fly absolutely everywhere. He felt like a god, flying effortlessly above the clouds, surveying the planet so far below... The experience was totally surreal.
Addictive.

He had flown early in the morning to Bern, and arrived in the mountain village of Zermatt, several hours later. The journey to Zermatt was one of the most beautiful trips of his life, spending an hour and a half on the Matterhorn Gotthard narrow-gauge railway, which took him through the rugged, yet stunning Nicolaital Valley.
Peter had not known what to expect. This was like a childhood adventure to him, and he could hardly contain his excitement.
As the train climbed high up the mountain valley and came closer and closer to Zermatt, Peter had this incredible feeling of déjà vu, of having made this trip before. Pinned to the window, he could almost anticipate what the scenery was going to look like as the train took him around each new corner.
Whether or not it was due to the increasingly high altitude, or the excitement, Peter's pulse was racing.
He hadn't felt like this since he was a teenager.

Peter was travelling light, just the one rucksack, which he quickly slung across his back as the train pulled into the station. Impatiently he waited for the doors to open and the tourists in front of him to get off, and a moment later, he was hurrying along the platform and outside into the village.
The first thing that struck him was the freshness of the air. Perfectly clean. Crisp. Beautiful.
The next thing was the cold. Snow still covered the ground, and he realised that he would need to buy some thermal underwear. He had been so impatient to get here that he hadn't thought it through properly.
The sun was still shining, and the sky was clear. Blue. Everywhere. 
Peter hurried through the village, almost as if on autopilot.
He had a strange feeling as he walked through the brightly coloured, almost perfect 'picture-postcard/Swiss chocolate-box' village. It was hard to describe. It was a mixture of 'coming home' and 'I've been here before'. He felt very comfortable just walking through the incredibly scenic village, and he knew he had instantly fallen in love with the town and would hopefully return here many times in the future.
As he walked further through the village, his steps gathered pace, his eyes looking up between the gaps in the streets and buildings ahead, searching for his first glance of the Matterhorn.
Strangely, he knew that he should soon get a view of the mountain rising majestically skyward to touch the heavens. He could sense it.
Suddenly he came to a point where a small side street led left, away from the main street, at right-angles to the direction he was heading. He stopped dead in his tracks, looking at the street name on the wall of the building at the corner of the street. 'Berg Gasse'.
As he looked at the street name he felt a most peculiar sensation, an intense feeling of familiarity, as if he had seen this street sign before. As if he knew the street. The hairs on his arms and neck stood up, and he shivered.
He looked up the side street, seeing that further ahead it started to slope uphill, ending in a flight of steps which climbed sharply upwards. 
Without thinking about it further, he turned and hurried up the alleyway, taking the steps two at a time, climbing quickly up and above the town behind him. 
At the top of the stairs, he came to a scenic square, with some seats and ornamental shrubs, which were just poking through the snow.
He turned and looked back towards the town, taking a sharp intake of breath.
The view before him was like nothing he had ever seen before. From where he stood, he now had a clear view above all the roofs and tops of the buildings in the village beneath. Ahead of him, stunning in its regal majesty, king of all the mountains, the Matterhorn rose clear above the hills around the village. 
It was magnificent. Incredible. Truly, truly breathtaking.
Nothing could have prepared Peter for this. 
As the huge bulk of the mountain rose above the valley, it twisted and turned, and dwindled to a sharp point that pierced the blue sky all around it.
It was as if the mountain was standing side-on, the face of the mountain turning to look over its shoulder and smile at Peter.
Peter had never seen anything like it before.
And yet, strangely, he felt as if he had.
It felt so familiar.
He smiled.
For over fifteen minutes, Peter stood there in silence, staring.
And then, once more, he shivered. 
.
--------------------
.
The sun was still shining, and although snow was everywhere, it was quite warm. Peter didn't know why he had shivered, and he hoped that he hadn't picked up a chill on the airplane: the air-conditioning had made the cabin quite cold. 
Perhaps he should check into his hotel, and have a shower and something warm to drink. 
It was only as Peter walked back down to the town to find his hotel, that he noticed something very peculiar about Zermatt. 
There were no cars. Anywhere. 
The town was one great pedestrian precinct.
Which meant there were no taxis.

He was meant to be staying at a Hotel called 'The Omnia Grande', a large mountain Lodge. It took him an hour to find it, trying to follow the instructions from various people, and twice taking a wrong route, or not fully understanding the instructions which were given to him in thick Swiss-German-English accents.
However, when he did find the hotel, it was well worth it. It was elevated high above the town, with the most spectacular panoramic view of the village of Zermatt directly below: and once again, for the second time that afternoon, another stunning view of the Matterhorn. 
Before he walked into the hotel, he stood in front of the entrance, breathing in the incredibly fresh, crisp, cool air, and staring in awe at the mountain, so tantalizingly close but yet so far away.
For the first time in his life he understood how some people can be fascinated by mountains, and how their lives can revolve around them.
Acrophobia had been a shackle around his neck that had restricted and constrained him his whole life. Somehow, incredulously, he had broken those chains that had bound him, and now he was free. Free to live life to its fullest. Free to travel, to explore the world around him. And to walk, even climb, higher, and higher, to the foothills and very gates of heaven itself.
He loved this place!
.
--------------------
.
He checked in, an efficient and jovial middle-aged Swiss woman directing him to his room, all smiles, and very helpful.
His room was neat and tidy, with a window that he could open and let in the fantastic mountain air.
Peter could tell that the air was much thinner up here. For a man who until last week had never been more than a metre off the ground, to suddenly be in a village 1620m up in the sky, it was a bit of a shock to the system.
After a quick shower, Peter wandered down to the bar for a hot drink before heading off into the town. He was looking forward to some good traditional Swiss food, whatever that would be.
In the bar, he found a comfortable chair and returned to his page of the travel guide, which he had bought at Edinburgh Airport that morning.
Peter was a spontaneous person, true, but the decision to come out to see the Matterhorn had been one of the most rash...but best...decisions he had ever made. With practically no time to plan anything he realised that he was actually quite unprepared for the trip.
He had arrived in the middle of the skiing season. 
Peter couldn't ski. 
How can someone with acrophobia ever contemplate getting on a ski-lift or travelling to the top of the world? Skiing fast downhill had always seemed to him to be like 'controlled falling', and he knew several people who had broken arms or legs when that fall had not been controlled enough.
An interesting thought occurred to him.
Should he get a skiing lesson while he was here?
He thought about it for a second and then laughed aloud. Excitedly. 
A feeling of happiness spread throughout his body.
He realised that now he was 'free' a million new doors had been opened to him, and he promised himself again that he was now going to enjoy life to the full. He was not stupid...he had not forgotten that he had just had a double transplant. At the back of his mind he was only too aware that although everything was going better than he could possibly have hoped for, that at any time, his body could start to reject his new organs. Which made it even more important, that he enjoy his life now, while it was still possible. 
Every day was a gift, that he had to unwrap each morning and enjoy as much as he possibly could.

He took a sip of his fruit tea, and returned to the pages of the travel guide.
According to the book, the village he had so randomly chosen to come to was nestled amongst some of the best skiing areas in the world. Zermatt was an all-year-round resort. Believed to be unique by many, who returned year-after-year, it was surrounded by many of the tallest mountains in the world: over twenty-nine mountains over 4000m tall.
Wow. Of all the places in the world, Peter had chosen the best place to come for an ex-acrophobic.

All day long, Peter had been feeling euphoric, but as he sat in the chair in the warmth of the hotel beside the open log fire, he suddenly started to feel tired. He had been running on excitement and adrenaline for the past fifteen hours, and now he was relaxing, the excitement of the day was beginning to take its toll.
That, coupled with the thin, fresh, mountain air.
As he finished his tea, he decided that it was probably more sensible to go to his room, call room service for dinner, take his medication, and get an early night.

He was asleep by eight o'clock.

Chapter 25
Zermatt
Switzerland
February
.
.
The dreams returned that night. It started off with visions of Big Wee Rab. Of killing Big Wee Rab. The same visions as before, but now in 'Technicolor': bright red blood gushing everywhere. For three days he had had no dreams. He had been gloriously 'dream free'. But now they were back, with a vengeance.
He awoke in a cold sweat, felt violently sick, and rushed to the bathroom just in time to vomit into the toilet bowl. He switched on the light, ran the shower and climbed in while it was still cold.
The images that had filled his brain slowly faded, and his mind became clear. He turned the temperature up and sat in the bath, the shower running over him, calming and soothing him.
After a while, he felt much better and the tiredness returned. He towelled himself down, slipped on his T-shirt and boxer-shorts, and climbed back into bed.
Sleep came quickly, and soon his head was once again filled with vivid pictures that flashed quickly through his mind, some incomprehensible, but most just not around long enough for any sense to be made of them before other new images swept them away.
As he journeyed further down into the world of sleep, the images slowed and lasted longer, becoming less vivid and more recognizable. He began to dream of Zermatt, a girl, the mountain, and of flying.
Except he wasn't flying. He was climbing up a sheer cliff-face. Scrambling steadily upwards to the top of the world, a vast open space filled with blue above, below and all around him. He was in the middle of the sky.
He looked down, and the wall he was climbing fell vertically beneath him. Hundreds of metres, straight down.
There was no fear. No revulsion. No terror.
Instead, in his dream, he smiled.
He was in paradise.
.
--------------------
.
He awoke at 5 a.m., went to the bathroom, then returned to sleep. Images again appeared before him as he fell deeper and deeper into a regular pattern of breathing and rest. As his mind began to relax, Beta and then Alpha waves coursed across his brain. It was during the initial phase of Alpha wave production that Peter's mind produced the strange and extremely vivid sensations which he remembered the next day. Weeks later, a doctor would explain them to Peter and identify them as 'hypnagogic hallucinations', but to Peter they seemed so real. Incredibly real.
Most of what he saw and dreamt was quickly forgotten. Except for three things.
When he awoke at 7 a.m. the next day, light streaming through the windows and waking him gently, his mind had three images in it that would not leave.
A face - a beautiful girl, dark brown long hair, and eyes that sparkled-...he could remember that.
Secondly, the view, sensation and feeling that he had experienced in his dream of standing on top of the Matterhorn.
And thirdly, the number ‘326’.
.
--------------------
.
Keen to get out of the hotel and up closer to the Matterhorn as soon as possible, he showered quickly, packed his small rucksack, ate a large but rather hurried breakfast in the hotel restaurant, and headed out into the town.
He stopped in a shop on the way to buy some thermals, sunglasses, gloves and a thicker hat. He had already brought sun-tan lotion from Scotland, but on the advice of the shopkeeper, he bought a large tube of a more powerful factor 50 cream, which he immediately applied and rubbed into every exposed area of flesh.
Now fully equipped he followed the instructions from the travel guide, and headed to the other end of town, looking for the cable car to the Schwarzsee.
.
Queuing up to climb aboard the next gondola as it swept towards them, for a moment he wondered if this was just one step too far. As the other skiers overtook him, he hesitated in the doorway. In the airplane he had flown high above the clouds, but there he had felt secure, enclosed securely within a spacious cabin with only small windows to look out of. Here he was surrounded by large windows on all sides and the only security offered to everyone in the cable car was a piece of metal which attached to the overhead cable, from which the small cabins dangled directly underneath.
Still not aboard, the doors to the first cable car closed, and the cabin bounced forward on its journey up the hill without him. It was immediately replaced by another, identical cabin which automatically rolled around the big wheel of the end-station on one giant continuous loop.  
Each gondola was quite small, offering enough room for only about twelve people at a time. Already others were climbing aboard the new car. 
The past few days had been a roller-coaster ride in a new life. He was a new person. A better person. He was pretty sure his fears had vanished, but if they hadn't, in a few minutes he would find out for certain.
"In for a penny-in for a pound," thought Peter. Without further hesitation, he stepped inside, and quickly made his way through the other skiers so that he could be at the front of the car, with the best view.
The doors closed. The cable car lurched forward, and moved off.
As it left the security of the station, the car began to sway rhythmically backwards and forwards like a massive pendulum. This lasted for a few minutes, but quickly settled down. 
Peter looked out of the window. 
The ground had dropped far below…he was flying!
Someone on a path beneath them looked up and waved. Like an excited child, Peter raised his hand and waved back.
No sooner had he done this, when the cable car started to rise rapidly up into the heavens above. Up and up and up.
Several times Peter was forced to swallow to clear his ears.
Looking behind him the town of Zermatt was dropping rapidly behind, and as they gained altitude, Peter saw that just as the guidebook had said, the town was surrounded by mountains. From the cable car they looked out onto a world of white. Everywhere beneath and all around was blanketed with beautiful white snow, and the higher the cable car rose, the more incredible the view became.
They could see for miles.
Someone beside him muttered the word 'Matterhorn' as part of a sentence in German, and Peter turned around.
He breathed out, exclaiming involuntarily. 
"Wow…"
As if from nowhere, the Matterhorn had suddenly appeared in all its majesty on their right hand side. A solitary peak, massive, unique, beautiful…it stunned Peter with its raw, natural beauty. It seemed to exude power. 
He had to get closer. He had to find a way to touch it, to stand on it, to climb it!
The thought made him laugh aloud. There was a certain irony in the attraction he felt towards it. Did the mountain know that only a few days ago he could not stand on top of an upturned bucket without feeling dizzy and falling off?
.
Mesmerized by the mountain, Peter hardly noticed the other mountains that stood silently beside it. Yesterday he had read their names in the travel guide, but he had quickly forgotten all of them, with the exception of the 'Klein Matterhorn', a smaller neighbour, which sounded similar but was not comparable to the real deal. 
The cable car abruptly started to slow down, and for an instant, Peter panicked, reaching hard for the rail beside the window that ran along the inside of the cable car. He turned quickly to look ahead of him, breaking his focus on the Matterhorn, and realising with surprise that they were already about to arrive at the Schwarzee station.
They had arrived at a small plateau, and as soon as they stepped out of the cable car, they entered a different world: blue sky, clear air, sunshine, skiers all around him who were busy adjusting their goggles and starting to ski away from the lift. The panoramic view on all sides that rolled around him on every side was breathtaking. Never, never, in his wildest dreams had he imagined that being at the top of the world like this could be so beautiful.
And then there was the Matterhorn.
It dominated the view on one side of him, more massive than ever, more majestic, more powerful. Reaching higher and higher, up and up and up. Blue, blue sky surrounded it, not a cloud to be seen. 
The mountain seemed very close, but was actually still far away. From where he stood, he could see the route that would take intrepid walkers to the very base of the Matterhorn. Higher up, he could see where the path started to wind its way around the side of the mountain, before it disappeared from sight and zigzagged back and forward on its steep climb up to the world famous Hörnlihütte: a mountain hut, accessible to walkers and ramblers, which acted as the base camp for climbers who attempted the vertical face of the Matterhorn that rose directly above them.
In the summer, Peter had read that it would take about 2.5 hours for a fit and healthy person to reach the Hörnlihütte from the Schwarzsee. In these conditions, with snow everywhere, it was simply not possible to get anywhere close by foot.
"Shit!", he said to himself aloud, surprised by the magnitude of his own disappointment that he could not get closer.
Just then a moving object on the slope below him caught his attention, and he looked down and saw a red two-man snowmobile whoosh across the snow.
Looking around to find where it had come from, he quickly found its source...a small building a few hundred metres away that was obviously offering trips around the plateau, for a fee. Probably a very hefty fee indeed.
.
Thirty minutes later, and 95 Swiss Francs lighter in his pocket, Peter stepped off his privately hired snow-mobile and stretched. For what was probably the equivalent of a taxi-ride from Edinburgh to Glasgow, the nice Swiss driver had taken him across the snow from the Schwarzsee to where he currently stood: standing on a plateau at the base of the Matterhorn mountain looking almost straight up.
He agreed with the driver that he should be ready to leave again in twenty minutes, and accepting the use of a pair of binoculars which the driver offered him, he started to trudge slowly through the snow, to a large rock he could see not too far away from him.
It only appeared to be about ten metres away, but getting there almost killed him. By the time he reached the rock he was out of breath, dizzy and sweating heavily.
For a moment Peter panicked: were his kidneys finally being rejected? Were they beginning to fail? Was he going to die here on the mountain?
"Langsam!" he heard the driver shout after him, who had obviously been watching him struggle. "Gehen Sie langsam...Go slowly my friend...Ze air is here very thin!"
"Thanks," Peter shouted back. "I'm OK!" Relief swept over him, being instantly replaced by a feeling of slight stupidity. He remembered reading in the travel guide last night the warnings about altitude sickness. Obviously, that was what he had got.
He reached the rock, and after brushing away a small mountain of snow, he sat down rather gratefully.
Catching his breath he starting looking up at the mountain, which towered and towered above him. It just went up, and up, and up, and from where he sat, it seemed almost vertical. 
It stunned him.
"How come this mountain fascinates me so much?" he asked himself. "Does it have this affect on everyone?"  
He felt drawn to the mountain. It was almost as if it was calling to him.
"Climb me...climb me..." it said silently. Hypnotically.
He stared at it for nearly ten minutes before he remembered the binoculars in his hands. Raising the glasses he began to scan the cliff face that rose above him. Almost immediately he picked out the figures of four climbers, who like ants, were climbing up the face of the cliff. Looking above them, further up, he discovered another group of two, and then even higher there were three others: tiny, tiny, people in red and blue hats.
Peter felt a longing. An excitement.
His binoculars began to zigzag back and forward across the face of the cliff, at first hunting for more climbers, but then scanning the cliff face itself, looking for the actual routes they took to make the ascent: guessing how a climber would make it from A to B, from B to C, and so on, all the way to the top of the Matterhorn.
As he raised his binoculars still higher, he came to a ledge, a point where a little shelf extended out from the cliff-face. Almost incredibly, he saw a man sitting on the ledge, a tiny tent behind him, almost definitely where the man already had or was still planning to spend the night.
He zoomed in to the ledge, ignoring the man, but studying the rock.
There was something about the ledge that fascinated him. He felt something within him stir, and for a second, he felt incredibly dizzy. Coughing, he breathed in deeply. The world steadied again, and he raised the binoculars once more. This time it only took him a second to find the ledge. The climber was now standing up, as if preparing to climb again. He saw the climber turn and look down the cliff below him. 
As he did, a picture flashed through Peter's mind, a blinding vision that filled his head and swept through his body like a bolt of lightning. 
For a split second, it was as if he was seeing through the eyes of the climber, as if it was him that was standing on the ledge, looking down.
In his mind's eye, he could see what the climber was seeing: the sheer drop that fell beneath him, and went on for hundreds of metres. Hundreds of metres of vertical nothingness. Down and down and down...
Then suddenly the world around him went dark and Peter began to fall. 
.
--------------------
.
He awoke to the stench of smelling salts being wafted back-and-forward below his nostrils. The driver of the snow-mobile was leaning across him, smiling. 
"Machen Sie keine Sorgen. Sie sind halt in Ohnmacht gefallen!...do not worry, my friend. You have just fainted...You are very high up in ze sky...You will be better soon, ja?"
Peter was lying on his back in the snow. He breathed deeply, and pushed himself up into a sitting position.
"Thanks," Peter whispered. "Sorry, about that..."
"When you are ready, I think it good, if we go back now," his taxi-driver suggested. "You will feel better when you are sitting in ze bar with ein beer further down near Zermatt where you are not so high in ze sky!"
.
As he sat at the rear of the snow-mobile being whisked back to the cable car station, Peter looked over his shoulder at the mountain behind him.
He was still shaking. And he was not completely convinced that the experience that he had just had was entirely down to altitude sickness. 
Something very strange had just happened to him. Something that he didn't understand and wondered if he would ever be able to explain.
For a second, it had been as if he himself had been standing on the ledge, as if it were him that had been looking down the cliff from halfway up the mountain.
It had been so vivid, so realistic. 
Then he realised something even more odd. The vision he had just experienced in his mind's eye or seen through his own eyes as he had looked down from the ledge, had been of a panorama full of green pastures, green grass and grey and blue mountains. In his vision, there had been no snow.
It was as if he himself had been standing on the ledge, that same ledge, but at another time of the year. Sometime during the summer.
And then he remembered his dreams from the night before.  He remembered again the vision of the girl's face, the number 326, and then also the experience and view that he had seen or imagined while he had dreamt that he was standing at the very top of the Matterhorn. 
That too had been a vision of green pastures, countryside and blue and grey mountains. There had not been a single piece of snow in sight.
For a very odd moment in time, Peter had an uneasy feeling that the dream from last night, and the vision from just now were inexorably connected. They were two different views from the same ascent of the Matterhorn, viewed as if he had seen them with his very own eyes.

For the third time in two days, Peter shivered again.



Chapter 26
Zermatt
Switzerland
'326'
27th February
.
.
At the Gondola station Peter thanked his good Samaritan, gave him a tip, and then found a place beside the window in the restaurant. 
He had bought himself a large glass of non-alcoholic Swiss Mountain Tea (essentially some strong local herbs dried to make 'tea', mixed with honey and hot water), and a coffee.
Looking out of the window at the other mountains around him, he cupped the glass of hot tea and sipped it slowly. 
He was scared.
Deliberately, he avoided looking at the Matterhorn itself, for fear it would spark another unpredictable vision,...or worse.
Something peculiar had just happened. No, something peculiar was happening to him.
Physically, he felt absolutely fine now. His body felt strong, even more so as the tea began to warm his bones and bring colour to his cold fingers, cheeks and face. He frankly doubted that there was anything wrong with his kidneys. He knew what it felt like when they weren't working properly, and right now, everything continued to look and feel brilliant. Nevertheless, he promised himself that as soon as he got home he would make an appointment with Dr Jamieson, his nephrology consultant. Just to make sure...
He drank the Swiss tea, which helped steady his nerves wonderfully, and then downed the coffee, to wake him up.
Afterwards, he enjoyed a short thirty minute walk around the edges of the plateau, admiring some of the other scenery, before catching a gondola back down into Zermatt.
By the time he got back into the town centre, he felt tired and was looking forward to a lie down in his bed.
He was walking leisurely back down the main street in Zermatt, stopping occasionally to drop into a shop and see if there was anything worth buying, when he found himself once again at the junction of Berg Gasse.
Looking up at the street sign, it struck him how familiar the street sign seemed to be to him.
Glancing again up the small street, he noticed that there were three or four hotels, none of which he had noticed when he walked up the 'Gasse' yesterday.
Almost without realising it, he started to walk back along the Gasse, looking up and around, admiring the buildings.
Halfway up he found that he had come to a stop outside a hotel with the rather grand name of 'Hotel Matterhorn Superior'.
He climbed up the steps and entered the reception area.
Almost immediately another intense feeling of déjà vu overcame him. It felt like he was stepping through that doorway for the second or third time today, as if he had already been here several times in the past few hours.
He looked around himself at the reception area. He was sure he recognised it from somewhere else. Had he seen the hotel in a holiday brochure? Or on a TV programme?
Instinctively he knew, just knew, that if he went forward and turned left there would be a lounge bar where the hotel guests could rest and enjoy a few drinks. He walked in, following his imagined footsteps and soon found himself in the room he had visualised. Exactly as he had seen in it his mind's eye a few seconds before.
He stepped into the room, walked over to a table and sat down.
Almost immediately a young woman in a traditional looking Swiss dress appeared, and asked him what he would like to drink.
"An orange juice, please," he replied.
Peter looked around him.
This made no sense. He had been here before. He was certain of it. But how was that possible?
The girl reappeared and put the glass down on the table, first placing a beer mat underneath it.
Peter picked up the beer mat and looked at the logo of the hotel: it was the name of the hotel, wrapped in a circle around that classic side-on image of the Matterhorn that had initially fascinated and drawn Peter to this town all the way from the travel agency in Edinburgh.
He knew this place. He knew it.
Someone walked into the room, a young woman, long brown hair. Tall, attractive. 
Peter looked at her. 
Instantly the picture of a woman's face flashed into his mind. The same face that he had dreamt of the night before, along with the number ‘326’ and the view from the top of the mountain.
Peter blinked. The vision in his mind cleared, and he quickly saw that the woman looked nothing like the woman he had just imagined.
"Fuck!" Peter swore. "What's happening to me?"
He took another drink of his juice, left a banknote on the table, and left the room.
Outside the bar, a broad staircase began to sweep upwards inside the hotel, spiralling round and round as it went higher and higher.
Peter started to climb.
At first taking the steps one at a time, then gathering speed and changing to two at a time.
When he got to the third floor he stopped, turned left and then hurried down the corridor. 
A moment later he was standing outside of Room 326.
.
--------------------
.
Peter had stood outside of the room for several minutes, wondering what he should do next. 
As far as he could see, there was nothing special about the door. It was a hotel door, like so many thousands of other hotel doors he had seen. The number had been stuck on in three separate black digits. The door looked new, and the carpet in the hallway was also new.
There was nothing remarkable about what he saw.
He was confused.
He had found his way up the stairs to the door by following a deep seated instinct that had surfaced as if from nowhere. 
He had known where room 326 was. He had known that the number he had seen in his dream was related to that room in this hotel.
But why? How?
There were no answers. Just more questions.
When Peter had arrived in Zermatt he had fallen quickly in love with the town, the area, the mountains. But now, he could feel that same fascination and attraction beginning to morph and change within him. The ‘pleasant feeling’ that he had experienced upon arrival, was now being twisted and mutated into an uncomfortable feeling of dread.
He was beginning to NOT enjoy himself.
Perhaps it was time to go home.
This whole thing was beginning to spook him out.
.
A voice from behind caught him by surprise.
"Hallo, wie konnen wir Ihnen Dienen? Brauchen Sie was?"
Peter turned, slightly shaken by the voice. He had been so caught up in his own thoughts he had not seen the hotel chambermaid approaching, carrying a pile of fresh towels.
"I'm sorry, I don't understand."
"Sorry," said the chambermaid. "Are you looking for something? Can I help you?"
He saw her glance at him, and then at the door, and then back at him.
"Ach, Sind Sie noch einen Reporter?...Are you a reporter?"
"Yes," replied Peter, momentarily thrown off balance. "How did you know?"
"Typisch. Immer dasselbe," she said. "Wenn Sie.., sorry, if you want to know more about ze murder in Zimmer 326, then please do not disturb unsere guests. Bitte, talk to ze Manager. Shall I take you to him?"
"Murder? What murder?"
"Verzeihung, wir sollten...we are not allowed to talk about zis with guests. Shall I call the manager for you?"
"No," Peter quickly replied. "Nein. That is fine. I will find him myself, thank you."
He turned slowly and started to walk down the stairs.
Glancing back over his shoulders, he saw that the chambermaid was peering over the banister, watching him. He saw her pull out her mobile phone, and dial a number.
Peter hurried down the rest of the stairs, three at a time, and left as quickly as he could through the front door, just making it out in time before he heard a voice call after him from reception.
He ran down the street, and ten minutes later he was safely back in his own room at The Omnia Grande.
.
--------------------
.
"Do you have a business suite?" he asked the friendly woman at reception, but guessing that the answer would be no. The hotel was probably not large enough to provide that sort of service.
"Yes, of course," she replied, surprising him. "Please go through the second door on the left." She pointed at a door in a corner just opposite from where they stood at the reception desk.
She handed him a card. "And here is the password for the laptops. It will also give you thirty minutes free Internet access."
"Thanks," Peter replied.
Hurrying into the little room, Peter found two laptops, a printer, and a few telephones. Shaking, and scared, he sat down at the laptop, switched it on, and immediately started to search for anything that he could find out, about the murder in room 326 in the other hotel. He tried a number of different keywords in Google- 'Hotel Matterhorn Superior', '326', 'Zermatt', and immediately found over a hundred references. Unfortunately they were all in German. 
He opened up the first one and fought the urge to vomit.
'Zermatt Abend Zeitung.' It was from three years ago. He didn't understand the title, the words, or anything that it said.
But he did recognise the picture of the girl who was spread across the middle of the page, so obviously the face of the murder victim.
It was the face of the girl that he had remembered from his dream. 
Peter shivered again. For the fourth time in two days.



Chapter 27
The Craigmillar Estate 
Edinburgh, Scotland
7 p.m.
27th February
.
.
Big Wee Rab stood at the door to old Mr Wallace's.
He had been watching him all day, waiting for the moment when he could break in and search the place, looking for the stash of cash which Rab knew had to be hidden somewhere in his council flat.
Rab had been thinking about it. He probably only needed a couple of thousand pounds to escape the estate, catch a train to the south of France and start a new life. 
He'd already packed a wee rucksack, and dug out his passport. He'd checked, and it was still valid for another eleven months, so that was fine. His mum and dad had got them all passports when they'd been planning to move abroad and start a new life in Holland. Then his dad had got caught, was found guilty of theft and grievous bodily harm to a security officer, and he was banged up ever since. The passports had never been used. Looking back, Rab realised they'd probably got the passports not to go on holiday, but to run away. Ironically, Rab was probably going to use it for the same purpose.
But this time he was going to succeed.
Old Mr Wallace hadn't left the flat all day: Rab had been sitting in the car watching. Then just as he was about to give up, the old man appeared at his doorway, dressed up for an evening out at the local bingo.
Big Rab was on.
This was his chance.
He watched as the old guy toddled off down the street, saw him stand at the bus stop, and then get on the bus as it collected all the old wrinklies who were heading for their big night out on the town.
Rab grabbed his bag and jumped out of the car. He pulled his hoodie up over his head, hurried quickly across the road, up the path and got to the front door.
He bent down into his plastic bag, pulled out a small crowbar, and put it against the door lock. Tonight's tools had been freshly stolen from B&Q earlier that afternoon, along with some thin, black gardening gloves which he wore to prevent any fingerprints being left behind. 
He hit the crowbar with a hammer a few times in just the right place, and the wood on the inside of the door splintered and gave way. The door opened abruptly and Rab stepped inside.
He pulled out a torch and went straight to the bathroom.
Rab had been thinking about this for days. If it was his flat, and he was going to hide something, where would he put it? The bathroom. Definitely the bathroom. Behind the panel stuck to the side of the bath. 
The bathroom was at the back of the flat, so Rab was pretty sure that it would be okay to put on the light. Kneeling down beside the bath, he lifted the crow bar and the hammer, and started to force the edge of the wood panelling away from the side. At first it didn't seem that it wanted to budge, so he applied a bit more force, and then impatiently smashed it a few times with the hammer. Eventually he succeeded in breaking off half the panel. He peered inside with the torch, almost gagging at the rank smell of damp and rotting wood. 
There were lots of cobwebs, lots of dust, but no bags full of money. No hidden savings. Nothing.
"Fuck!" Rab shouted. "Where the fuck is the cash?"
He stood up, anger beginning to bubble inside him, in spite of the calming effect of the spliff that he had been smoking in the car.
Rab pushed open a couple of doors, quickly finding the bedroom. Looking at his watch, Rab realised that he had already been in the flat for fifteen minutes. 
He'd better hurry.
Opening the bedroom wardrobe, he rummaged inside, pulling out any clothes that got in his way as he tried to find any boxes or bags that could be hidden towards the back. He grabbed a seat from the kitchen and climbed up, checking the top of the wardrobe to see if anything was hidden on top. Nothing!
He tried pushing the wardrobe across the floor, to see if there might be any loose floorboards where something could be hidden underneath. But the wardrobe was far too heavy, and he realised the old man would never be able to move the wardrobe by himself... so the cash couldn't be there!
Rab was getting worried now. He'd been in the flat for thirty minutes and still had found nothing.
He lifted the bed, emptied the pillows, pulled out draws from the bedroom dresser. Lots or rubbish, a few old watches, piles of letters, photographs and other pieces of crap, but nothing worth any real money.
In the kitchen he went through the food cupboards, emptying tins of tea, and coffee, bags of cereal, looking for tins with false bottoms: checking anything that might appear normal to most people, but which would form ideal places to hide money.
At one point he thought he'd struck lucky. On the table in the kitchen, in full view of anybody who came in, he found a big old biscuit tin. Picking it up, he could instantly feel that it was full of paper. He ripped off the lid and looked inside. It was full of official looking brown envelopes. He pulled one out, ripped the letter out of the envelope and started trying to read it.
It was a letter from Mr Wallace to the council complaining about Big Wee Rab’s gang, and asking for the council to 'do something to protect the decent folk of Craigmillar from the scum who have no respect for anyone else'. 
Rab screamed, throwing the tin against the wall, and letting the letters fly all over the kitchen.
For the next ten minutes Rab went on a rampage, storming round the rest of the council flat, emptying anything that could possibly contain any money or hidden valuables. In the sitting room he pulled up the cushions from the sofa and armchairs, sticking his hand around the edges of the seats. 
Nothing.
The more he searched, the less he found, and the angrier he got. As the rage swept over him, any caution that he had started with was swept away, and soon he was like a madman, smashing ornaments, shouting and swearing.
Another fifteen minutes had passed, and apart from a half-empty cheque book, a nice watch, fifty pounds, and a few old war medals and ribbons, Rab had found nothing. With everything else stuffed in his pockets, he was standing in the front room looking at the medals, shining his torch on one of them and trying to read what the writing on it said, when he heard a voice, and the light went on, catching him completely unawares.
"Put down my Cross, ya big bastard. Get your fucking filthy paws off my Victoria Cross!"
Rab turned, startled. Mr Wallace was standing in the doorway of the front room, his metal walking stick raised high above his head, ready to step forward and bring it down on Rab's head.
He was just about to lunge at the old man and push him aside to make good his escape, when a police officer entered the room from behind Mr Wallace, saw Rab and dived for him.
It only took a second for Rab to react. He was on parole. If he got caught, he would be sent back down, and they'd lock him up and throw away the key for good.
As the police officer lunged for him, he took a quick step upwards onto the sofa, sidestepping the police officer. As the copper moved forward, Rab grabbed the police officer's shoulders and arms, pulling him quickly forward and using his momentum to swing him hard against the wall on the other side of the room.
Mr Wallace swung the walking stick down at Rab, but his reactions were too slow, and Rab had already moved again, jumping to the floor beside the wall, barging into the old man with his shoulder and pushing him back through the doorway and into the hallway. They both tumbled backwards, Rab landing beside the old man on the floor.
Agile and young, Rab sprang back up quickly, and in an instant was on his feet, darting for the door and out into the street. 
A few seconds later he was sitting back in his car, panting for breath and taking a few vital seconds to decide what to do next. It was only then that he realised that he still had a couple of the old man's medals in his hand. He tossed them on the floor, started the engine and drove off, his wheels spinning noisily before finding traction.
It wasn't until he'd driven all the way to Galashiels in the Scottish borders that he finally began to stop shaking and calm down.
.
Things hadn't exactly gone according to plan. Instinctively, Big Wee Rab knew that he was in the shit.


Chapter 28
Zermatt
Switzerland
27th Feb
.
.
Peter sat in the bath, the warm shower raining down above his head. He was shaking. He'd been shaking for over an hour. He had never been so scared in his life.
He wanted to go home.
He'd had enough of Switzerland. Of the dreams. Of the fucking 'sixth sense' that he seemed to be developing.
Why did he dream the number '326'?
And what was all this sudden fascination with the Matterhorn? 
Had he actually chosen and gone on a random holiday, or was it more than a coincidence that he had wanted to come to here?
He remembered being in the travel agency, and the fascination he'd felt with the picture of the Matterhorn: the sudden desire to go and see it, to be there. The urgency.
And what about the dream he had had of being at the top of the Matterhorn in summer, or the 'vision' when, as clear as day, he'd imagined what it would be like to stand on a ledge on the sheer vertical cliff face of the Matterhorn above the Hörnlihütte.
How, why, had he felt so struck with the name plate on the wall, luring him into 'Berg Gasse'?
And then...shit...how had he KNOWN what the inside of the hotel 'Matterhorn Superior' would look like?
Then all this shit about room 326? Why did he dream the number? Why did he think that the number was so special? What made him walk up to the room? 
Last of all, most of all, most fucking scary of all of it...because it was so personal, so ridiculous, so not possible...how had he dreamt the face of the girl that had been murdered?
How?
"Just,... tell me please, just FUCKING HOW!!!!???" Peter shouted loudly.
Then, as if in answer to his own interrogation, his subconscious presented him with the answer. An answer so obvious, it dawned on Peter just how ridiculously obvious the answer truly was.
Peter was a reporter. He spent his days, almost every day, glued to the news. The newspapers, the television, the internet, absolutely anything where news was shown or produced. He was constantly surrounded by it. And when he was not surrounded by it, he was making it himself.
Peter's life was the 'news'.
Obviously, he had read about this years ago, or he had seen the photograph of the attractive girl who had been killed someplace before. The girl was very attractive...she would easily have caught his attention. He would have noticed the photograph, and it would have made an impression on him. How could someone murder someone as beautiful as her?...And then, once his interest in the story had been caught, he would have seen or followed any footage on the TV that had anything to do with the case. He probably even saw some film report shot inside the hotel...hence his knowledge of the layout of the reception area and the bar...and subconsciously he would have made a mental note and remembered the number of the room in which the brutal murder had taken place. 
Obviously he had read and seen it all, and then when he came to Zermatt, his subconscious would have fed him with all the material from the story from three years ago.
That was it.
So bloody simple.
.
Peter started to calm down.
In fact, now he thought about it, the whole thing, the urge to come here in the first place was probably, no, ...definitely..., sparked by the photograph of the Matterhorn that he had seen in the travel brochure. As soon as the travel agent had skimmed over the photograph, his own little subconscious mind would have woken up and screamed at him: "Oi! Peter! There it is...That's the place...That's the town where that murder took place!"
It made perfect sense now.
Peter lay back in the bath and closed his eyes.
Suddenly, Zermatt was not such a bad place after all.
.
After the bath and the soothing shower, Peter felt ravenous. So hungry he could eat a horse. Which was probably possible, given that there were no cars in Zermatt, and there were millions of horse drawn carriages instead...surely, no one would miss just one horse?
"If I did eat a horse, in a fancy Swiss restaurant", he thought to himself, "then I could start my meal with a 'hors d'œuvre', then have some horse meat, served with horseradish sauce." He started to laugh..."Oops," he chuckled to himself. "I'd better stop laughing before I laugh myself hoarse..." He laughed to himself again. Peter knew he was not a funny guy, but he also knew that he was under so much stress just now, that if someone had said to him any of the stupid  "Why did the chicken cross the road?" jokes, he would have laughed, no matter what the punch line was.
He needed a beer. Or ten. Except, of course, that the Doctor had cautioned him against drinking alcohol.
He dressed, grabbed his thick jacket and hurried down the stairs.
.
Walking through town he kept an eye open for a restaurant that would serve "Swiss fondue". The horses of Zermatt would be relieved to hear that he had decided to try out one of Switzerland's world famous dishes, before he left for home.
As he walked through the town, he deliberately avoided the street corner that led to the Berg Gasse, and took a circuitous route through the town, seeing some of the other smaller streets and enjoying the rest of the town that he had not yet visited.
After looking at several restaurants that seemed particularly inviting, he chose one that offered a 'Free drink with every meal!' As he walked through the door, he wondered if the restaurant would be full of other Scots people who had seen the words 'free drink' on the wall outside. 
Cheap or not, the restaurant turned out to be brilliant. Inside the door the lights of the restaurant had been romantically dimmed. The atmosphere and the decor absolutely oozed 'Gemütlichkeit', little candles on each table burning brightly, like a hundred little stars. In one of the corners of the restaurant, a few people dressed in what Peter guessed were traditional Swiss clothes, were playing some musical instruments, probably also typically Swiss. It sounded great.
Peter ordered a non-alcoholic beer, and the non-alcoholic version of the Swiss cheese fondue, and sat down to relax.
The beer went down quickly. Followed by another.
And then the fondue arrived. Masses of bread, and a platter of some vegetables, which he dipped on wooden skewers into a thick pot of melted cheese, all kept warm by a candle burning underneath the pot.
The more he ate, and the further down the pot he got, the gooier and stronger got the concoction of cheese. By the time he had finished the meal, he was absolutely stuffed.
.
The waiter came and cleared away the meal, and Peter sat back, cocking his head against the padded seat behind him, and enjoying the ambience: the music, the smell of candles, the warmth of the restaurant.
He felt the effect of having a full belly and the Gemütlichkeit of the restaurant rush over him, a nice, secure, feeling of warmth and relaxation. He closed his eyes.
No sooner had he closed his eyes than he shivered.
Instantly, a knife flashed before his eyes, slicing across the throat of a woman lying on a bed just in front of him. Blood began to spurt in bright red bursts into Peter's face, the scream of the woman instantly muted as she began to choke on her own blood.
Peter blinked, coughed, and started frantically to wipe the blood out of his eyes, instantly coming to a sitting-up position in his chair, and simultaneously letting out an involuntary scream.
In the microsecond that it took to open his eyes, the vision evaporated, and Peter found himself sitting alone at his table in the restaurant, a few of the other people at the other tables staring at him.
"....A wasp..." Peter shouted, quickly trying to find a reason for his bizarre behaviour.
"Ist alles in Ordnung? Ist alles OK?" a waiter asked, appearing a second later, concern written all over his face.
"Yes, " Peter replied. "Yes, ...I think so." He looked around the restaurant again. People looked away and returned to their meals. "Can I have the bill please?"
.
By the time the waiter had returned, Peter had started to calm down.
As he paid the bill, he spoke to the waiter.
"That was a fantastic meal, Herr Ober." The waiter smiled, acknowledging Peter's schoolboy German. "Can I ask you something?..." Peter requested, putting some more Swiss Francs on the plate as an obvious tip.
"Ja, please..." the waiter replied, his eyes twinkling.
"I am a reporter, I was wondering if you were around in Zermatt a few years ago when a woman was killed in the Hotel Matterhorn Superior?"
"Nein, leider nicht...Sorry, no," the  waiter replied. "Aber...but..., I hear about this wenn I vas vorking in Berne. I come here later, but I remember everything. Is very famous murder and mystery."
"Can you tell me what happened? How did the woman die?"
"Vell...," the waiter started to explain, glancing over his shoulder as if he was about to reveal some great, important secret."From vat I remember, eet vas a very horrible murder. The woman who looks after the hotel room...how you say?"
"Maid? Chambermaid?" Peter offered.
"Yes, ze maid. She come to change ze sheets ze next morning and she find ze dead body of beautiful woman lying on ze mattress."
"How did she die?" Peter urged. "Do you know?"
"Yes," he started to speak, hesitated, and then shook his head, almost as if in disgust at the memory. "Her throat was cut. From one ear to ze other..." 


Chapter 29
Edinburgh Royal Infirmary
.
.
Sergeant Cameron Angus sat up in bed and winced. A stab of pain shot down his right side, and he swore underneath his breath.
He would be getting out tomorrow. Most of the ribs on his right side were bruised, and his right arm was in a sling, also very bruised but not broken. But that was not the worst of it: one rib was broken, and apparently, there was nothing that anyone could do for him. There was no treatment for a broken rib. And when he got out tomorrow, the hospital medication would stop. He had been warned that he should visit his own doctor as soon as possible, and discuss pain relief with him. 
"For a week or so, the pain could be quite severe," was all the doctor was prepared to admit. "So take it easy, and mind how you go."
Cameron winced again.
He knew that the National Health Service was under-resourced and under strain, but how about a morphine-drip-to-go?
He had been in hospital for a few days, just to make sure that he did not develop any infection: when he had hit the tiled mantelpiece in Mr Wallace's flat, the rib that had cracked had pierced his right lung, and it had instantly deflated.
As the intruder had pushed Mr Wallace to the floor and made good his escape, Cameron had been struggling to breathe, and for a few seconds he had thought he was going to die.
Thankfully, his lung partially inflated again, and the paramedics that arrived almost immediately (thank God!), had sedated him, laid him on the stretcher and delivered him to A&E in the hospital in less than ten minutes.
After the doctor had examined him again this morning, he had just said. "Don't worry, ...you will live," smiled, and then left.
That was this morning. Since then, he had begun to feel as if he was just taking up space. He was no longer the centre of attention. In fact, he was beginning to think that they had completely forgotten about him. He was starving! Where were the meals-on-wheels and dinner-on-a-tray?
His wife had been and gone, bringing some grapes and Lucozade, and had left to make the kids their dinner and put them to bed.
Cameron was just about to reach for another magazine to read, when old Mr Wallace walked into the ward.
As soon as he saw him, the old man smiled. Cameron couldn't help but smile back. He liked the old man. Which was why, when the call had come in, and he once again recognised the address as Mr Wallace's, he had turned his motorcycle around from where he was going and sped straight over.
The next door neighbour had called the police, informing them of a suspected burglary. Unlike the last time he had been called over and had not made it, this time he had been the first on the scene. He'd got there just as Mr Wallace had got back early from the Bingo.
Fat lot of use he'd been though. 
"How are you, Sergeant?" Mr Wallace asked, as he waved a small bag of grapes in front of him, and set it down on the small table beside the bed.
"Thanks," the Sergeant said, nodding and acknowledging the gift. "I'm fine. Though you shouldn't have bothered coming all this way to see me."
"It's nae problem.  I wissne very far away anyway. I only live over the hill. I was grateful for the excuse to take a walk o'er the field.  I just wanted to make sure that you were okay, especially since this all happened to you on account o' me."
"Don't worry about it. Honestly. All part of the job and all that. Although to be quite honest, I could have done without...without this shit." He said, looking down at his arm. "And the pain. My rib's cracked, and apparently they won't let me have anything stronger that paracetamol."
Mr Wallace sat down beside the bed.
"Back in the day, way back when, I remember a couple o' the injured lads in the field...sorry, during the Korean War...some of the lads smoked a little bit of marijuana to dull the pain. There was tons of the stuff about. Everyone was doing it. Most people were so relaxed they didn't know when they'd been killed..."
"Thanks. But I don't think it would set a very good example...even if it is the only thing that might work."
"Well, just let me ken, if you would like some, like. I'm sure I could get some fir ye frae those wee shites in the CME Team. From what I hear, they're starting to sell drugs now. Lots of drugs."
"I know. We're doing our best to nip it in the bud..."
"Dinnie bother. If the young guys on the estate dinnie get it frae them, they'll just buy it all doon in Portie."
"Sorry about your flat, Mr Wallace... I hear it was wrecked."
"Sure was. The bastard turned it upside down."
"Almost definitely he was looking for cash. Probably to buy drugs with."
"Maybe, but he must have been in there for an awfy long time. He'd turned the whole flat upside down, pretty methodically. Bastard..."
"Did he get away with anything?"
"Yes. The most valuable thing in the whole flat and the most valuable thing I had. The worst thing is that the big shite will probably not even know what it is, and he'll likely sell it for peanuts."
"What is it? Have you reported it missing?"
"My medal. My Victoria Cross."
"Your Victoria Cross? You won a Victoria Cross? Are you kidding me?" the Sergeant smiled, perking up.
"When I was a lad, like. I got it for being stupid."
"Stupid? No one just wins a Victoria Cross...it's the highest medal of valour that anyone can receive in Britain. Mr Wallace, I’m sorry, I didn't know you were a national hero! The estate should be proud of you! What did you get it for?" Cameron felt genuinely honoured to be in the presence of someone who had won such a medal. 
"Korea. Someone was shooting at us, so I jumped out of our trench, ran forward and tossed a grenade into his wee bunker. Blew the yellow bastard up. There wasn't much left of him. I wissnie proud of it.  He was the first person I'd killed. I threw up afterwards. But it was him or us. Luckily it was him."
"And the thief stole it?"
"Thief? Why did you call him that? Have you not realised yet who it wis that did this to you?"
"No...What do you mean?"
"Can you remember that big bastard that you fished out o' the Loch. Saved his life and then got your own wee medal fir?"
"You’re joking?" Cameron replied, the truth just dawning on him.
"I canna prove it, ye ken, and apparently there were no prints or anything, nothing to connect him wi' the scene o' the crime. He had a hoodie on, but I would recognise that bastard anywhere. He's the tallest guy on the estate. There's not exactly many like him."
"You mean, that the man I risked my life to save, almost killed me?"
"Yep. See now why the residents wished that you had let him droon? Once a bastard, always a bastard."
The Sergeant said nothing, but he knew that in this case, Mr Wallace was probably right. 
"Let's change the subject. If I get angry, I'll move, and the pain will kill me...so how do we get your medal back?"
"I was hoping that you'd be able to help me on that yin. Surely that's more yer speciality, than mine."
"How about we call the reporter, who's doing all the work trying to get some media focus on the estate?"
"You mean, Peter Nicolson frae the Evening News, the other guy that Big Wee Rab tried to kill?"
"Yes, that's the one."
"You mean, the wan that you saved frae the burning car wreck?"
"Yes, putting it like that, then maybe he owes me one. Perhaps we can get him to run another article in the newspaper about the estate, highlighting you as a hero, emphasizing that it is mainly really decent folk like you who live on the estate, and requesting readers to help find and return your medal. Perhaps the News could even offer a reward!"
"Good idea."
"Okay, let's do it. I'll call him now..."


Chapter 30
Knutsford 
6.30 p.m.
27th February
.
.
Carolina was sitting at home in the front room of her house, worrying. 
Little Sam had gone off to sleep an hour ago. She'd given him a bath, a cuddle and a story. He'd snuggled up to her, put his little hand around her neck and fallen asleep in her arms as she rocked him back and forward, singing "Rock-a-bye-baby."
The best part of the evening was over.
She had just dropped him off at her friends, where he would sleep soundly in their spare cot until she got back from her shift at the Fox and Hounds. She was dependent upon Nancy looking after Sam and without her friendship and kindness there was no way she would be able to earn the money she needed during the evening shift in the pub. Actually, it was working out really well. Knutsford was a small village, and Nancy and her family only lived at the other end of the street, so if anything ever went wrong, it would only take her seconds to get to Sam's side. And if she needed, she could in theory pop down and see him in her break. But she didn't like to disturb Nancy, so she didn't.
Nancy's husband often popped into the pub, and Nancy seemed quite happy that she had a friendly eye in the pub to keep an eye on her man. There had never ever been a problem, but sometimes Carolina wondered if perhaps, something had happened in the past, something that Nancy hadn't shared with her yet.
Maybe one day Nancy would confide in her.
She was due to start her shift in half an hour. They'd better hurry up. 
There was a knock at the door.
She jumped to her feet, checked her make-up in the mirror in the hall, adjusted her top, and opened the door.
"Miss Saunders?" the policewoman asked.
"Yes," she nodded. "Please come in."

They sat in the front room. Carolina apologized that she could not offer them any tea, she knew it was cold outside tonight, but she had to be at work in twenty minutes.
"I understand that you would like to report a missing person?" the male police officer asked, who had come in with the policewoman. Carolina thought that she recognised him from the pub.
"Yes."
"Could you let us know who it is, when you last saw them, and why you think that he or she might be missing? And if you have a photograph, that would be very useful..."

Thirty minutes later, Carolina was behind the bar in the pub. She hoped that she had just done the right thing.

Chapter 31
Delaware 
1st March
.
.
Nic White thanked the middle-aged woman at the door of her house, shook her hand one more time, and then turned and walked down the path to his car. 
All-in-all it had been a very pleasant visit.
They were a lovely couple, well-mannered, and incredibly hospitable.
Mr Spelling was doing very well. Today he was a little tired, but that was easily explainable. Last night he had been for a three mile run, and the man was after all seventy years old.
Six months ago the man couldn't walk ten metres.
At first Mrs Spelling had kept bursting into tears, thanking Nic and saying how grateful she was for everything that they had done.
"It's a miracle. A miracle," she had said.
"A miracle," Mr Spelling had repeated.
"Perhaps it is," Nic had said softly. "Personally, I believe it is the correct application of science to a problem that we are learning to solve by understanding more about the powers of nature, of DNA. If we are to believe in miracles, then there is the biggest miracle of all: human DNA."
They had smiled at each other. Still holding hands.
"We prayed for a long time, Mr White. Then one day, my husband was given a gift from God, and then thanks to you and your company and the doctors, he was cured. We cannot thank you enough."
Nic had left it at that. Nic had never really believed in God. He had wanted to. He had tried. But, in spite of searching, he had not yet found Him.
Instead, he had found a version of God, a supreme design that defied human understanding, in the super-natural twist of the DNA strand.
It had been his life's work so far, but there was so much to discover and learn from DNA and he knew that unless he found the secret to immortality, he would never have enough time in this life, or the next, to fully understand its secrets.
"Thanks for allowing me to come and meet with you at such short notice...If I may, I would just like to ask you some questions about the things you have said to your consultant at the hospital..."

When he got back into the car an hour later, Nic sat back and closed his eyes.
The Spellings were the fifth couple that he had visited in six days. They all had similar stories.
Incredible stories.
Amazing stories.

There was definitely a problem.

Chapter 32
Peebles
Scotland
1st March
.
.
It was raining outside. Inside the car Big Wee Rab lay on the back seat, listening to the raindrops as they fell, dancing on the metal roof. For a while he had watched as the rain formed little rivulets of water that ran down the windows, the different little streams coalescing into slightly bigger streams, before continuing on their journey, down the side of the car, on to the road, down the drain and then ultimately to the sea. Which was where Big Wee Rab was headed. Eventually.
For now though, he was bored, tired, depressed, scared, worried, cold and very, very hungry.
This would be the third night that he had tried to sleep in his car. Unsuccessfully. The back seat was too small for him, and he had to try and hook his feet around the front passenger seat. Every few minutes he would have to move his feet or he would get cramps or pins and needles.
For the past two nights he had only managed a few hours of fitful sleep, and he had woken feeling more terrible than when he had first tried to close his eyes.
Rab was in a difficult place right now. He only had a few pounds left, and he didn't know what to do. To spend it on petrol, or to buy some food. His tank was almost full, but it wouldn't get him to France without being topped up a couple of times. Deep down, he knew that France was now rapidly becoming more of a long term goal, as opposed to a realistic possibility for tomorrow or next week.

He was parked just outside of the town of Peebles in the Scottish borders, in the entrance to a forest where no other cars would see him, or anyone would disturb him. Last night he had parked in the town of Galashiels and he had been moved on twice by the Police, both times just as he had fallen asleep.
Rab was scared, because for the first time in his life, he had no place to stay. He knew that he couldn't live in the car. Already it stunk to high heaven, and it was beginning to drive him mad, being cooped up in there all day.
He couldn't go out of the car, because he only had a couple of changes of clothes. It had rained for two days already, soaking him twice. This was his last set of dry clothes. The others were slowly drying spread out inside the car, and in the boot.
He had spent all day trying to figure out what he should do next. He knew that he was at a really big cross-roads in his life and the choice that he was faced with had never been more clearly defined to him.
Go straight, or become a serious criminal. 
There was no other way. He had to make something of his life. Whatever he chose to do, there would be no fucking around anymore: he had to make a success of it.
Rab was on parole. Doing over Mr Wallace's place, he realised now, was completely insane. If he had been caught, they would have doubled his existing sentence, and sent him down for GBH, breaking and entry, theft, vandalism and breech of the peace: they would have thrown the book at him, and no doubt used him as an example to the rest of the idiots like him on the estate.
He had meant it to be just one last job. One last bad act before he started his life of 'good'. And look what a mess he had made of it!
Luckily, he was pretty sure that he had not left any fingerprints behind, or dropped any incriminating evidence. If he was right, and so long as neither of them had been able to positively identify him, -which they surely couldn't have, because he had had his hoodie up all the time-, then he would be in the clear.
He will have got away with it.
Which left the door open for him to return to the estate.
In other words, he could go back home, get some grub and a decent bed to kip down on.
The thing was, Rab was serious about trying to make a clean break. About trying to improve his life. Yesterday he had found a newspaper in a bucket, and he had spent several hours managing to read and get the sense of the words and stories on some of the pages.
Slowly, he was improving. The librarian in the prison had shown a real interest in Rab. He'd given him private reading lessons, and in those short months, Rab had learnt more about reading than he ever learned in that big bastard school that he had attended in Portobello for so many wasted years. Michael, the librarian, had said that Rab had a disease or something, a condition or some sort of reading disorder, called 'dislexia' , or was it 'd-y-s-lexi-a', and he had shown him ways to try and cope with it. For the first time in his life, Rab had begun to understand why he had found it so difficult at school. Maybe he wasn't as thick as all the others had thought he was after all.
Michael had been the first person to ever show an interest in Rab, and he had shown him a glimmer of hope, a piece of another world that Rab knew could open up to him if he really wanted to improve himself.
Rab knew though, that if he went back to the estate, he would just end up back where he was. He hated being invisible, being a fucking nobody. Having nothing.
But how could he get a job in Craigmillar? Nobody would employ him. "Fucking nobody." 
"Hi, I've got a wee criminal record, but it's nought mate. Give me a job. You can trust me. But don't turn your back...for too long..."

There were two other places that Rab thought he could go, if he had enough money to get there.
One was to head south to Newcastle. There was a bloke there that he had met inside, who had connections. Not the good sort of connections that Rab needed right now. Bad ones: connections that could help set Rab up in Craigmillar with a steady supply of good quality drugs. Whatever sort he fancied. Rab would be rich.
However, Rab also knew that the moment he seriously went up against the Porty boys, they would hit back hard. If Rab didn't plan well, make a pre-emptive strike and go for them first, Rab would probably be dead within a month.
The other place that Rab could think of was somewhere in Wales. There was some sort of retreat there, or club, or special program that Michael had said he could maybe join. It was run by some sort of church, and the program was free; free food, a free bed and free life guidance.
All he had to do was give Michael a call and get the address.
Rab closed his eyes.
He would sleep on it. Make up his mind in the morning.
Tomorrow would be the first day in his new life.
For the first time that day, Rab smiled.
And then his tummy rumbled, and a spasm of cramp shot up his leg...



Chapter 33
Edinburgh Airport 
1st March
.
.
Peter hadn't slept much after his meal in the restaurant. He just couldn't forget the vision of the girl having her throat cut, the blood spurting all over him, the sound of the scream that had been silenced as she had choked. 
He was desperate to sleep. Desperate. But he was also scared. Very scared. 
Scared that he would close his eyes and dream again.
Fuck! What was happening to him.
Back in his Swiss hotel room he had stared at the four small bottles of whisky that he had taken out of the minibar for quite a long time. He needed something to help tip him over the edge and put him out cold before the dreams came. He wanted to drink them, but the fear of damaging his kidneys was even greater, so eventually he put them back in the minibar and closed the door.
He lay down on the bed, and after a while he had started to cry. To sob. To shake violently as the emotion overwhelmed him and the pent-up stress and fear and worry sought release. 
He had cried for about twenty minutes.
And then he had slept. Soundly. Not a single dream the whole night long.

When he had woken up the next day it was eleven o'clock in the morning. Outside it was still dark, and it was only when he opened up the curtains that he discovered that it was snowing heavily.
He shaved, showered, packed, and hurried downstairs just in time to check out before twelve o'clock.
By 1 p.m. he was on the next train out of town.
His plan was simple.
To get the hell out of Switzerland as soon as possible.
.
--------------------
.
He landed at Edinburgh airport the next day, just after midnight. His ticket on the last flight out of Berne Airport that night had cost him a small fortune, but he did not care. He had paid the equivalent of four hundred pounds without thinking about it.
As he had waited in the lounge in Switzerland for boarding, he had realised just how little he had eaten that day: just a couple of sandwiches on the train, and a hamburger at the train station in Berne.
The restaurants were all closed, and the only thing he could find was a machine serving a collection of expensive snacks. 
As he surveyed the poor selection of unhealthy rubbish that was on offer, he suddenly had intense craving for spicy sausage. He could almost taste it in his mouth. Incredibly, the last thing he saw as he scanned the options available in the machine were little green packs of Pepperoni. He bought three. 
He had never really had much of a taste for spicy sausage before, but tonight they tasted like the best food he had ever eaten.
Luckily on the plane he was able to buy another sandwich and that helped him survive until the taxi got him back to his flat on the other side of Edinburgh. 
.
As soon as his head hit the pillow at 2 a.m. he went out like a light. He did not wake up until 1 p.m. that afternoon. He had dreamt of nothing.
Upon waking he had called the hospital almost immediately.
He argued for a while with the receptionist at the Renal unit, trying to book an appointment with Dr Jamieson this side of Easter, but there was nothing available. Frustrated, he had hung up on the poor lady, but then he remembered that the consultant had given him his card, with his mobile number on it.
The card was in his medical file in the his desk drawer. Peter got it quickly and Dr Jamieson answered within a few rings.
"Dr Jamieson, hi! It's Peter Nicolson here. You operated on me a few months back...A double kidney transplant...? You said I should call you if I needed to, if there was anything I needed to discuss."
"Yes," the doctor acknowledged. "How are you? Is everything okay?...Actually, hang on a second Peter, I just want to get your file down from my shelf...," the doctor said, putting the phone down. "Okay, I'm back. I've got your notes here...So, you were just about to answer, how are you physically...?"
"Physically, I think everything is fine. I feel fitter than I ever have...," Peter replied. "But I need to see you, as soon as possible...I need to talk to you...urgently...I think I'm changing...something very strange is happening to me...I don't understand it.  I...I have been having dreams...incredible dreams...visions in fact..."
"About what?"
"I'd rather not say over the phone. If I can, I would rather speak to you personally?" Peter asked. "...I've just came back from Switzerland this morning. I came all the way back to see you."
"Switzerland? That's a very strange place for someone to go who can't stand heights! ...I seem to remember that in hospital you asked the nurse if it was possible to lower the bed because you hated being so high off the floor, and you were very apologetic about your acrophobia..."
"Exactly. You see, I was an acrophobic. But not anymore. Not since the transplant."
"Are there any other changes that you can think of?"
"Spicy sausages...! Yesterday I had a craving for spicy sausages, and I have never in my life felt a craving like that before...but mostly, the dreams...I need them to stop."
There was a few minutes silence at the other end of the phone.
Although Peter was unaware of it, there was a reason that Dr Jamieson had given him his card, and there was a reason why Peter's file was sitting so close to hand on the consultant's shelf.
It was the same reason why the busy consultant suddenly freed up his afternoon, and said, "Peter, I will see you in two hours. We'll give you an examination, run some tests, and talk. We’ll take as much time as you need. I'm here to help. Have you eaten yet today?"
"No, not yet...I just got up actually..."
"Then don't. But drink plenty of water. See you soon..."
Peter hung up the phone, already feeling relieved from having got an appointment with the expert.
.
Dr Jamieson sat back in his chair. He picked up the email from inside Peter's file that he just received a few days before, read it again and then put it all down on the table. 
He had a bad feeling. 
He had personally conducted and then overseen the postoperative care for hundreds of transplant cases.
This would be the third patient reporting something strange in less than four weeks. All using the same new treatment.



Chapter 34
Peter's Flat, Lochend 
Edinburgh 
2nd March
.
.
The impromptu check-up at the hospital had gone a long way to reduce Peter's stress level. 
Dr Jamieson had confirmed that the initial examinations they had conducted had shown that the kidneys were performing fantastically well. He had had a physical examination, blood pressure, CT scan, ultrasound, and numerous blood tests. While they had waited for the results, Peter had had a long discussion with Dr Jamieson, then gone for something to eat and then come back. The results had been fast tracked and were all ready. 
They confirmed that everything was okay. Actually, they showed that everything was better than okay. Peter had had several blood tests done over the years for various reasons, and when these new results were compared with the blood work from years ago, it suggested that his new kidneys were performing better than the old ones, his own original kidneys.
"The treatment you received for your transplant, and are continuing to receive now, is revolutionary Peter," the consultant had explained. "It's new, and very few other people in the UK have received it. You have been extremely lucky. The prognosis for your long-term survival is excellent. Congratulations."
When Peter had discussed the other things...the transformation from acrophobic to mountaineer, the violent dreams and the sudden longing for spicy sausage, the consultant had tried to reassure him further: "As I think we discussed before, part of the treatment you have undertaken requires the use of immunosuppressant drugs which work to stop your immune system attacking your new kidneys. It is not unusual for the use of such powerful drugs to cause chemical changes in the body that could alter your behavioural patterns. We also have to consider the effects of psychosocial stress and a number of other factors. The bottom line is that your tastes and outlook on certain things may change as the body adapts to your new chemical makeup, or even as you adopt a new outlook on life, induced by your near death experience. Peter, you nearly died. You know that. And anyone who goes through that and survives, is bound to revaluate many things, establishing new values for what is important or not. If this doesn't occur at the conscious level, it can often be done by your subconscious. As for your dreams, there are five different stages of sleep. As your body goes from one phase to another, you experience different types of dreams. Some of these dreams make sense, have some meaning. Other types of dreams are just based on random thoughts, images, or feelings that may be floating around in the grey matter of your brain at the time, or are just totally made up."
"Some of the dreams that you have as you drift down to deep sleep can be quite vivid. The description of one type, 'hypnagogic hallucinations', describes quite well what these are... they are simply hallucinations. Vivid, often memorable, but mostly complete and absolute nonsense."
"Peter, try not to worry about them. Give it time. I believe that they will subside and go away as time passes by and your body in effect, acclimatizes to the medicine and your new physical condition." 
Peter had not described the dreams in detail. He had only told the consultant about the effect they had had on him. He never mentioned 'room 326', or the lady found lying on the bed with her throat cut.
Towards the end of their consultation, Peter had said, "Dr Jamieson, I've never asked you anything about the donor whose kidneys I received... to be quite honest, I never wanted to know. But, now, I'm very interested. I was hoping you could tell me something about the person who saved my life..."
The consultant smiled.
"I've been wondering when you would ask. Most people do, eventually. But unfortunately, when they do, the answer is always the same. We can't tell you anything about the donor, unless they have specifically left instructions that we may. Or if we have the permission of the next of kin. Unfortunately, in this case, we have neither. To be honest though, we have not yet managed to contact the parents or any other next of kin. If you insist on knowing, then perhaps we could raise the question when we hear from them?"
"Please. There are things I think that I might want to know...eventually. If not now. But can you tell me just now, was it a man or a woman?"
"That much I can say," the consultant replied. "It was a man."
.
--------------------
.
Later that day, Peter had felt more relaxed. The consultation with the doctor had helped to relieve his fears, and he felt much better.
So much so, that his thoughts began to wander back to work, and his job at the Evening News. He missed it.
It was as he was thinking about work, that he suddenly remembered the call he had had with the Police Sergeant who had saved his life. It had been brief, and rather hurried as Peter was still in Switzerland when he received it. When the phone had rung, Peter was at the airport and he was trying to book a flight back to Edinburgh. His mind had really been on other things, and Peter couldn't remember much about the call, except that the Sergeant had asked him to do him a favour. Something to do with Mr Wallace from the Craigmillar Estate.
After placing several calls to the station, he managed to track the policeman down. 
The Sergeant had explained the situation again, and for a while, as Peter listened, he forgot all about his own problems. He listened in disbelief and pleasant surprise as he first discovered that old Mr Wallace was the proud, although very humble, recipient of a Victoria Cross, the highest military medal of honour that any UK serviceman could receive. Then he listened in disgust and growing anger when he learned in detail how someone, probably Big Wee Rab, had broken into the flat and had been caught red handed with the medal in the act of stealing it.
"Could you write something about it and get it out in the Evening News as soon as possible? No doubt the thief will have tried to sell it by now but maybe if someone knows anything about it, you can encourage them to hand it in or give us a call?"
It was a long shot, they all knew, but worth a try.
.
When Peter had called Mr Wallace on the phone, he had picked up on the fifth ring. Mr Wallace seemed genuinely pleased to hear from Peter, and Peter promised himself that he would do everything he could to help the old man. He liked him. And it seemed that Mr Wallace also liked Peter. In their mutual endeavours to try and save the estate on which Mr Wallace lived, a bond of trust and affection had been formed, reinforced by Mr Wallace's frequent visits to Peter during his stay in hospital.
Although Mr Wallace was reluctant to expound upon the circumstances which had led to the awarding of the medal, Peter had managed to get some extra details from him, and permission to learn more through the records. Mr Wallace had also granted permission for an article to be placed in the News as soon as possible.
It didn't take long for Peter to make a few calls to the military museum at Edinburgh Castle, where luckily he got hold of a curator before he was leaving for home.
After Peter had explained the situation, the curator had made a quick search of the records, identified the Victoria Cross that Mr Wallace had been awarded, and then emailed the details to Peter.
As Peter read the email, his respect and liking for the old man deepened.
It seemed however, that the story that Mr Wallace had told the Sergeant about how he won the medal was not quite the truth. In fact, it was only a portion of the truth.
Whereas Mr Wallace had told Sergeant Angus that he had been under fire when he had run forward and blown up a bunker, it turned out that when he had jumped up and ran towards the bunker he had already been shot in the left arm and was bleeding.
Whilst running he had been shot again, this time in the leg and he had gone down. Bleeding heavily, in tremendous pain, and still under fire, he had then managed to get himself to a standing position, stumble forward and fall just in front of the bunker. He had tossed the grenade in and wiped the position out, saving the lives of ten of his colleagues who had been pinned down under the heavy fire, and which had already killed five in his unit. By the time they had got Mr Wallace to the field hospital unit, he was almost dead from blood loss. Amazingly, he had survived.
That was on 8th October 1954, only months before the war had finished in January 1955. The young Mr Wallace had only been 19 at the time. Which also made Mr Wallace 77 years old now.
.
He wrote the article in one hour, choosing his words carefully, extolling the virtues of the Craigmillar Community and focusing on one of the many unsung heroes within the community. Edinburgh should be proud of its inhabitants, and should not judge a community or its members solely by the shape, size, colour or condition of its houses.
By the time any reader would have finished reading the article, they would definitely be outraged by how someone had victimised a hero of the community and stolen from him his only prized possession: a Victoria Cross which was earned in the defence of their country and its values. They would be amazed by the story that old Mr Wallace had kept quiet for so many years, and respectful of his humility. And, Peter was sure, that if any law abiding citizen read the article and knew anything or had heard anything about the whereabouts of the Victoria Cross, they would report it as soon as they read the story.
The Edinburgh News published the article on the following Monday evening. It ran on the front page, with a photograph of Mr Wallace, and offered a £5,000 reward for its safe return, which the Edinburgh Evening News offered to pay in gratitude for the sacrifices and service that Old Mr Wallace had provided to his country. 
The news article was put out on the wire, and was picked up and carried by many of the newspapers in Britain the very next day. Including the Daily Mail and the Express. 
On the 10 p.m. news on Tuesday night, the BBC spent three minutes dedicated to the story.
The story was read by tens of thousands of people throughout the UK. 
Including Big Wee Rab.
.
--------------------
.
The day after Peter had emailed the story to his editor at the News, Peter was sitting at home, thinking about everything that had happened. He needed to talk to someone. It was Sunday afternoon, and Peter knew, that from their three years of being together, that his ex-girlfriend at the Evening News would be sitting at home getting quite depressed with PMB (Pre Monday Blues).
"Susie, how are you?" he asked.
"You know already, so why ask?"
"It's only four o'clock, there's still tons of time to do something interesting today. Why are you worrying about tomorrow?" he teased her.
"Don't, Peter....you know I hate Sunday evenings. It's almost Sunday evening."
"So, it's Sunday. Fancy seeing a miracle?"
"What do you mean?" she asked, the tone of her voice changing slightly.
"I mean, how about you come over here, right now, and witness a miracle. I promise you, if I don't make you stand and stare and become speechless, I will give you my next big story. On a plate."
"Done..."
"Just keep your mobile switched on. Be here in thirty minutes exactly..."
.
"So, where are you?" Susie asked, standing at the front door of his flat on the 2nd floor of his Edinburgh tenement and talking to Peter on her mobile.
"Not in the flat. Turn around, come downstairs, and walk into the garden. You'll find me there."
"What..."
"Just come..."
.
Susie walked down the stairs, turned left at the bottom and walked into the communal back garden that all the apartments in the building shared. 
Apart from a few trees, the garden was empty. Peter was nowhere to be seen.
She called Peter on the phone again.
"So, where are you. You're not here either."
"I am, I promise you. I can see you from here. You're wearing that nice green jacket I bought you...and from where I am, I can see right down your cleavage."
Susie looked around the garden again, then ruling out everything else, looked up into one of the trees that were directly in front of her.
Peter was sitting on one of the branches at the very top.
Smiling, waving and laughing. 
Susie just stared. Speechless. She couldn't believe her eyes.
.
--------------------
.
They were sitting upstairs in his flat, drinking tea, and Peter was explaining to Susie where he had been for the past week. 
Susie was an attractive girl. Very attractive. Tall, slim, long, curly black hair that cascaded and tumbled down around her shoulders, with the most beautiful eyes that Peter had ever seen: light green irises with a ring of orange around the pupil that glowed and sparkled in the sunlight, and made people want to take a second look...When she smiled, you couldn't help but smile back. If she was happy, you were happy too. People liked to be with her. She was dressed down today, casual, not trying to impress anyone, but still she was more attractive than any other woman that Peter had known. 
Of all the people in the world, Susie was the one person that Peter knew he could trust. They had been together for a long time, and had only split up almost eighteen months ago because both had felt that they had become more like 'best friends' than 'lovers'. Truth be told, perhaps there was still some element of sexual attraction, but both of them knew that if anything more happened between them it could ruin the stability of what they had. 
The important thing was that for now, Susie was exactly the right person for Peter to have by his side. She knew him. 
For four years, when they had been together, she had had to put up with the ridiculous limitations that going out with an acrophobic had imposed on their relationship. Over time, she had adapted her way of life to his.
Which is why, when she had seen him sitting in the uppermost branches of the tallest tree in the garden, smiling and waving, she had been completely and utterly stunned.
She had even looked for the hidden camera, to see if the whole thing was some elaborate kind of hoax. Was she going to be on television? 
When Peter had started to climb down the tree, obviously enjoying it, and enjoying her reaction even more, she had laughed, and then spontaneously applauded.
She had never seen anything like it.
.
Susie was sitting beside Peter on the sofa and listening intently. He was telling her all about his transformation and miraculous cure: from acrophobic to mountaineer. He told her everything about his trip to Switzerland: the good, the bad, the ugly ...and the bloody. When he told her about 'room 326', and then having a vision of a woman having had her throat cut, she reached out and held Peter's hand, squeezing it tightly as Peter relayed what the waiter had said in the restaurant. 
"I tried to read more about the case in the newspapers online from the hotel, but everything was in German. I couldn't really understand a word, even though I learned some German at school, and I couldn't find anything in English."
"Why not ask Dieter, the German exchange student in Classifieds to read them for you, and then to translate them for us?" Susie suggested. "He's been dying for a bit of experience on the news desk."
"Dieter? Wow...that's a brilliant idea!" Peter exclaimed. "But I'm not going back for another week...Can you ask him to do it for me tomorrow, when you go in? Please?... but don't make a big deal about it though." 
Peter smiled and squeezed her hand back. He liked the way she had said, 'us'.

--------------------
.
A few hours later, Susie had still not left the flat. Peter had cooked dinner, they had eaten, and for the first time since the operation, Peter had laughed with a friend and was having a great social evening.
They had talked, quite frankly, about a lot of different things. Susie had apologised for not being around more whilst the accident and operation 'thing' had been happening. She had been going through a break up with her latest boyfriend, and had been keeping quite a low profile. 
Then she had asked what it was like to come so close to death, and Peter had been quiet for a minute, thinking about it.
After a while, he just said. "I don't know...at the time, I wasn't really able to think clearly anyway...most of it was just a blur...but looking back, it was all pretty scary. It really makes you think and it helps put everything else into perspective. Does that make sense...?"
"I understand, " she nodded. "Do you mind if I make myself a coffee? I'm falling asleep and I'll need to drive home soon. 
Susie got up and went to the kitchen, boiled the kettle and opened the fridge to get the coffee out.
"Wow..." she spoke aloud, coming back into the front room, still holding the milk in one hand, and a very large, long spicy sausage in the other.
"Peter..." she said, "Do you know that there are ten massive spicy sausages in the fridge...?"
"Yes," he replied. "I went shopping this afternoon, and I had this sudden craving..."
.
Susie was sitting at the table, Peter's laptop fired up, and the mouse hovering above the Google search bar.
"Okay," she said. "Let's see if you are the only one."
It was Peter's suggestion. It had been sitting at the back of his mind ever since he had come back from the meeting with the consultant. Just a thought, which had grown and grown, until he had suggested it to Susie just now.
"All this started happening since I had the transplant. The doctor said that it's not unusual for the drugs that I'm taking to alter or affect my behaviour. Which implies, doesn't it, that maybe this also happens to other people who have had organ transplants?"
Susie had looked at him, nodded, and reached for his laptop on the bookcase. They sat down side-by-side at the dining room table. "It's at times like these, I think, that Mr Google could prove his worth," she said.
"What shall we search for?" she asked.
"I don't know..."
They tried putting in a mixture of different keywords to do with organ transplantations and donors, but Google came back with thousands of links, none of which seemed relevant to what they were looking for, but linking to everything you ever needed to know about kidneys, transplants, alcohol and kidneys. If they read it all, they would be doctors by the time morning came.
"Shit..." Peter shouted in frustration, banging the table loudly with his fist. "There must be something! I can't be the only bloody one!"
Susie jumped, turned and looked at him, surprised by his sudden outburst. Peter had always been one of the calmest and most patient people she had known. And he hardly ever swore. She knew he had been going through a lot, but it still took her by surprise...
Without saying anything, Susie clicked the mouse back above the Google search bar, typed the words, 'Organ transplant and personality change', and hit the return button.
.
Bingo. 
They had hit the jackpot.
When the results came back, Susie and Peter stared at each other.
In disbelief they read the first five suggested articles.
By the time they had finished, Peter's life had changed forever.


Chapter 35
Royal Infirmary of Edinburgh Renal Unit
The Royal Infirmary of Edinburgh
Monday Morning
4th March
.
.
Dr Jamieson looked at the case notes of the three patients that had received the new treatment before, during and following kidney transplantation, who had all reported similar postoperative symptoms. 
What the consultant found particularly interesting was that of the six patients that had received the new treatment in his hospital, since the trial began in selected hospitals in the United Kingdom four months earlier, three had reported symptoms. And it was these three patients that had demonstrated the fastest and strongest recoveries. In fact, their post operative progress had been amazing. 
He looked at the email that was in each of the folders, a direct communication from the Head of Research at StemPharma Corp. requesting detailed feedback on any patients that exhibited any unusual symptoms following their operation. 
The email had been sent out two weeks before. 
Dr Jamieson was not a great fan of drug companies. But he needed them, or more correctly, he needed their products for his patients, and it was incredible just how their  research in the past few years had completely transformed the lives of his patients. The medical world was evolving faster and faster, and sometimes he wondered, just what the limits were? What would the world be like in twenty, no, ten years time?
Not all drug companies were the same though. StemPharma was one of the better ones. Their work in Africa and other developing nations had been outstanding, making expensive drugs that had proved immensely profitable in the developed world, available cheaply and easily to those in the poorer nations that needed treatment yet couldn't afford it. 
Interestingly, the email promised a $500 donation to any hospital that submitted a patient report to StemPharma for patients who exhibited interesting post-operative symptoms. 
Dr Jamieson checked his watch. He had thirty minutes free before his next appointment. 
Opening up the template provided by StemPharma, he began to fill in three separate patient reports, ensuring that the patient’s identities were withheld and standard privacy protocols were observed.
When he was satisfied with what he had written, he attached them to an email to StemPharma. When the email was ready to go, he sat back in his chair, and looked out of the window, hesitating.  Something was bugging him, something that was scratching at the back of his mind, but not yet making itself clear. Was there something he was missing?
The phone rang on his desk. It was his assistant, informing him that his next patient had arrived for their consultation.
Dr Jamieson put the phone down, looked at the email on the screen for a second, and then hit the "Send" button.

--------------------
StemPharma Corp Development Laboratories
3rd Level
Underground Bunker
Delaware
.
.
It was his first day back at work on his new shift. Nic White had spent the past few hours slowly making his way through the mountain of paperwork that had accumulated in both his physical and virtual 'inboxes'.
Six hundred emails.
Six hundred!
Nic often wondered if any benefits that vacations provided were not completely erased within the first few hours of returning to work. Were they really worth it? 
His stress levels were already almost through the roof, and he knew that he would be working late nights for the rest of this week, just to try and catch up on what he had missed whilst he was away. 
While he had been topside, he had managed to visit twelve families in Delaware, Pennsylvania, New York and New Jersey, all of whom had similar symptoms which seemed to have arisen in relation to their treatment.
In all cases, their response to the treatment had been outstanding. Each of them had thanked him for being part of the process of saving their lives. Yet, each of them had reported symptoms which Nic found both alarming and very, very concerning.
Frankly, he didn't yet understand the effects they were reporting, but at the back of his mind, he could feel that an idea was beginning to sprout.  If left alone, these initial thoughts would most likely begin to gel into an idea, a hypothesis, and hopefully later a fully fledged thesis as to what was causing it all.
He would need to dedicate some time, a few days or a few weeks...whatever it took, to conduct some research, maybe lots of research, he just couldn't say yet. And he needed to spend more time gathering input from the field, from other patients who had received the treatment.
Data. He still needed more data.
As much data as he could get hold of.
The $500 they had offered for each and every patient case study who exhibited similar symptoms was beginning to yield some significant results.
In his email box this morning he had already received emails containing information on a further seventeen cases. 
Nic had a good gut feel for most things. He could assimilate data and read it very quickly, and often conclusions that he would draw at the very early stages of research would be the same conclusions that would later be ratified by research that took many months or years to conduct.
Sometimes, Nic had wondered if he had been blessed with a sixth sense. If he had been a gambling man, perhaps he could have made a fortune by now. Perhaps. But gambling was not a science: it was a vice that he had seen ruin too many of his fellow men. He stayed well clear.
Shortly before lunch, Nic opened up the email from a Dr Jamieson in Scotland, UK. The Scottish doctor had included case notes from three patients, all reporting various unexpected symptoms in the months following the replacement of their kidneys. As with almost all the patients undertaking the revolutionary treatment, their recoveries had been faster and more successful than they could legitimately have hoped for. For that Nic should be, and was proud. They were saving lives.
.
As he quickly scanned the reports, he memorised the important and most salient points. He would, as a matter of course sometime in the next few days, distil the information further and add it to their database in the correct fashion. 
For now, a cursory glance at the findings was all that Nic had time for and actually needed. 
The information he was reading just added to the growing body of evidence which Nic was trying to assimilate.
He was just scanning the last report, when one small detail caught his eye.
It was concerning the case of a man, a young man, who had received a double kidney transplant, and whose blood work and recovery was off the charts. Nic noted that he would make an incredible case study for some medical journal one day.
For now, though, there was one fact about this case that immediately rang an alarm bell in Nic's mind.
His name, location, and personal details had all been kept secret, as was expected and was the correct procedure. However, doctors were allowed to state and provide a patient's occupation, as day-to-day activity and exposure to external stimuli could materially affect the physiology and response of a patient.
In this case however, in the third column, where many patients details said 'teacher' or 'manager' or 'builder', the occupation noted for Patient 'X' was 'Journalist/Reporter'.
Nic White sat back in his chair.
A little voice in the back of his mind said two words: 
"Oh,...shit!"


Chapter 36
Knutsford
England
March 4th
6.15 p.m.
.
.
The young woman police officer knocked on the white door, and then stepped backwards to stand beside her colleague, her hat held respectfully between two hands across her lower abdomen.
This was her least favourite duty.
The door opened and a young lady stepped forward into the door, the initial look of surprise that had appeared on her face, quickly disappearing as recognition took its place.
"Miss Evans?" The police officer asked, and then without waiting for a reply. "May we come in?"
.
Carolina sat by herself on a chair, the two police officers across from her on the sofa. She had literally just got back from dropping little Sam off for the evening with her friend, when she had heard the knock at the door. 
"Miss Evans, as you know in February you reported a missing person. Over the past month we have kept you up to date with our enquiries, which until yesterday had not yet yielded any results. Yesterday a new line of enquiry that we initiated a few weeks ago has resulted in some news. Unfortunately, it is our sad duty to inform you that a body was found in the Cuillins Mountains in Scotland in September. No formal identification has yet taken place of the body, although when the deceased was found, he was carrying a wallet that contained a few cards that shared the same surname as the man you have reported missing... a Mr Gary Roberts? I would stress that at this time no formal identification has taken place on the body. It was also because no formal identification has yet taken place for the gentleman, that our usual lines of enquiry did not initially connect the body with our investigation."
"However a kidney donor card was found in the wallet of the deceased, and following usual and accepted procedures, the kidneys were removed from the body and donated to a recipient. It was through the hospital records that a response to our enquiry was generated..."
It was all a bit too much for Carolina to take in. She slumped back into her chair and started to cry.
"Would you like a cup of tea?" the young female police officer asked, genuine concern showing in her voice. 
"No, I'm fine," Carolina replied, immediately trying to pull herself together. She hated public shows of emotion: she would grieve later, in private.
"I would like to emphasise," the woman police officer continued, "...that at this time, the body has not yet been formally identified, and Roberts is quite a common surname. There is every possibility that the deceased is not the gentleman that you reported missing."
"How did he die?" Carolina asked. "Can you tell me?"
"It would appear that the deceased died in a climbing accident. Some other climbers saw him fall, and were very quickly on the scene. He fell about fifteen meters. He broke his back in the fall and received severe blows to the head. He was still breathing when the other climbers reached him. He was airlifted by helicopter to the nearest hospital but died shortly after."
The police officer paused.
"Carolina, we were wondering if you would be able to help formally identify the body?"
"What...me? How?"
"By going to the mortuary and looking at the deceased and confirming whether or not it is the gentleman that you reported missing?"
"Can no one else? The mother or father?"
"Unfortunately the parents of the Mr Roberts that you have reported missing are both very elderly, and the mother is ill. They live in New Zealand, and the father is not able to leave the mother at this time. He is hoping to come over as soon as he can, but that may not be for a while, if at all. They haven't spoken to their son for over eight months, but the father said that they weren't very close."
Carolina flinched, tears once again streaming down her cheeks.
"Gary was a Kiwi...a New Zealander...from Christ Church on the South Island. He was travelling the world... He didn't talk much about his parents..." She sobbed.
The female police officer offered her a paper hanky. Carolina took it.
"How come you haven't managed to get anyone else to identify him yet?" 
"The police in Scotland who are handling the case tried to track him down, but any paper work they could find online or anywhere else was registered to another address. Somewhere in London...the police in London visited his address but he had moved on, and no one there knew him. It was a dead end...You were the first person to come forward and make enquiries, so at the moment you are the only person we know who knew the deceased." 
"He lived in London last year...I think...before he came here. I remember him saying that he came to try and get away from the big city...to find somewhere typically English." Carolina looked up at the male police officer.
"Photographs? Can you not send some photographs over to the parents for them to identify?"
"I believe that was already done, but was not conclusive. You see, the upper part of the body was quite badly damaged, and a facial recognition was not possible via photographic means. We really need someone to be there on site. Apparently the body has a few distinguishing marks that the parents did not know anything about, but our colleagues in Scotland believe a girlfriend may be aware of? I believe that you said in your initial report that you and Mr Roberts had been together for a while?"
"Yes, we were a couple, although not for long, and we had split up a month before he went missing." She replied. "So, if I do agree to identify him, where is Gary now?"
"The body of the deceased is in the Shetland Isles in Scotland. Actually, it's in the main hospital in the Shetlands, in the Gilbert Bain Hospital in the town of Lerwick."
"How on earth would I get there? I have a son, and I can't leave work...in fact I have to be at work in ten minutes time!"
"If you agree to help, then I will see what we can arrange. We could either try to arrange transport for you, there and back. Or, perhaps we can try and get an officer to film the body for you in as much detail as possible,...and we could let you view the film down at the police station. Could you help us, Miss Evans?"
Carolina nodded. "Possibly...if I have to go to the Shetlands, it would depend on how long I would have to be away for...I'd prefer to see it on film...But what on earth was he doing in the Shetlands?" Carolina asked aloud, "Trying to get away from it all? Oh shit...I hope he didn't do anything really stupid because of me!"
The two police officers said nothing. That was not a question they could answer.

Chapter 37
Lochend, Edinburgh
Tuesday Morning
March 5th
.
.
Dieter, the young German exchange student in Classifieds, had been busy. After a few nice words, a warm and gentle hand placed on his shoulder and a few smiles from Susie, the young student had spent his Monday evening on the web doing a ton of research on Room 326.
He had typed up copious notes, and translated some of the newspaper articles word-for-word. On Tuesday morning he had handed them to Susie in the office, and in return had received a kiss on the cheek. He had turned red.
By Tuesday lunchtime, after Susie had scanned them herself, they had been couriered over to Peter in his flat.
Peter had read everything standing in the hallway, ripping open the large envelope the moment he had signed for it.
After reading every word once, he made himself a cup of strong tea, moved through to his sofa, sat down and read them all again.
The murder in Zermatt had been particularly gruesome. The young woman in room 326 had been found naked on her bed, her throat cut, and her hands tied behind her back.
According to the 'Zermatt Abend Zeitung', a chambermaid had been first on the scene. On the day the guest was meant to check out, she went to clean and prepare the room after the departure time. The male guest to whom the room was registered had not yet checked out, and she had knocked, but when there was no reply, she had opened the door to discover a female body on the bed and a room covered in blood: the walls, the carpets, the furniture. The police in Zermatt had never seen anything like it. Some of the detectives that came down from Berne also commented that it was one of the most brutal murders they had ever seen.
Tests showed that the woman had had sex several times before she was murdered, but no DNA was found, and the murderer had used a condom, which he had then taken with him when he left. 
The room had been registered to a man whose identity subsequently turned out to be false, with the guest travelling under a false passport.
The body had been lying on the bed for two days before it was found, and although the police did some searches at the train and bus stations, and made all the usual enquiries, nobody was ever arrested. Most likely the murderer had left immediately, and had managed to travel from Zermatt down to Täsch by train before picking up his car and making good his escape. Tapes from surveillance cameras in the train stations in Zermatt and Täsch had not shown anyone suspicious. The trail soon went dead.
One theory was given that the killer may even have climbed out of Zermatt, going up the Matterhorn on one side, and going down on the other, into another valley and another country, thus evading any possible police trap in Zermatt.
Unlikely, but for a few days it had caught the public's attention, before that avenue of thought also went cold.
The body of the woman found in Room 326 was never formally identified and the murder in Zermatt went down as one of Switzerland’s greatest unsolved mysteries.
After reading it all, there was one r been caught. 
--------------------
.
Peter's dreams started again two days later. New dreams. New visions. New terrors that woke him up in a cold sweat. Scared. Shaking. Trying to interpret what he had seen. 
They made little sense. The dreams that began to disturb Peter at night time were random pictures or visions that came and went, sometimes reappearing a couple of times, but mostly popping up quickly and then disappearing. There were voices too. Sometimes a voice accompanied a picture or a sequence of moving images, like a snippet from a movie. Other times his mind's eye would be completely blank, but he could hear a voice, or voices. Like a conversation that was being played back to him in a dark, black, empty room.
The voices were not always comprehensible. Sometimes they were gibberish, sounds or words that came from nowhere and then returned to nowhere, and conveyed no meaning.
Some sounds reoccurred regularly, so much so that Peter began to recognise the words or sounds as they reoccurred.
The disturbances in Peter's mind...Peter decided not to call them dreams, because they were so different...at first started to occur only once or twice a night, each time lasting for what seemed like ages, but which was realistically only for five or ten minutes. But over the next few weeks their frequency would increase. 
When the dreams left him, he slept deeply. Perhaps more deeply than he had done before. As Peter got used to the experiences, and realised that they brought with them no harm to himself, he learned to relax, let the sequences of visions and pictures flash though his mind and take their course, and then fall instantly into a deeper sleep once they had passed. Sometimes he did not wake between the sequences and slept deeply. In the morning he would wake up feeling refreshed, but with memories from the night before.
Twice he went to his doctor, and once he called Dr Jamieson, but each time he was told it was most likely caused by the chemical changes within his body or were an effect of the powerful immunosuppressant's that he was taking.
"Don't worry. With time, they will go away."
But they didn't.
--------------------
.
Several weeks later, a couple of the dream sequences became longer. More graphic. More violent. 
And when Peter woke up in the morning he started to wash his hands to remove the blood that was never there.
There was one scene in particular that started to become more defined. More identifiable. Clearer.
It was as if Peter's subconscious was running a massive computer program that was trying to assemble a million different pieces of a jigsaw. It was trying to assemble the random pieces into some order or sequence that made sense: striving to produce some order from the chaos. 
On the 16th of April, at approximately 3.25 a.m. in the morning, it struck 'bingo'. 'Full House'. Eureka!
For three whole minutes Peter's subconscious produced a dream sequence that he would never forget.
At 3.27 a.m, Peter awoke, ran to the bathroom, vomited, and then fainted.
When he came to at 4.05 a.m. he cleaned his teeth, showered, made himself a cup of tea, and then sat down at his dining table in the other room, and began to write down exactly what he had seen. 
He could remember it all. 
.
After he had finished recording it, Peter read it back to himself, over and over again. 
At 5.30 a.m. he asked himself a question for the first time, that until then he had not yet considered.
It was a simple question, but one which chilled him to the core.
.
"Is this just a dream?"
.
He wrote the question down on the paper, returned to his bed, and fell asleep. 
He did not wake that day until 4 p.m., and then he did not dream again for a week.



Chapter 38
The Standing Order Pub
George Street 
Edinburgh
7.15 p.m.
April 17th
.
.
Susie walked over to the table in the corner of the Standing Order pub in the heart of the New Town of Edinburgh. It was a Wednesday evening, it was still early, and luckily the pub was not yet very busy. Sitting in the corner of the pub in an old-fashioned enclosed cubicle they would be able to speak easily without being overheard.
"So, describe the dream sequence to me then. I want to know all the details. And don't hold anything back because I'm a wee girlie. Gore is my thing. They don't call me 'Squeamless Susie' at the paper for nothing."
Peter pulled out the file that he had started to make, and looked at the notes he had made about the dream a few days before. He was just killing time, because he could still recall every split second of the dream in his mind, pausing, fast-forwarding or rewinding it at any time, almost as if it was a movie that played directly inside his head.
"I don't know where it takes place...but I've got this constant feeling that if I think about it hard enough, the name will come to me. I think it's in a small village somewhere. I am in a bedroom. I am at a window, looking out, and I turn and watch this woman walk towards me from a bathroom, probably an en suite.  I can see her face clearly. She is smiling. Short black hair in a bob. And she is very, very attractive.
"More attractive than me?" Susie jokes.
"Susie, don't interrupt please...not until I'm finished...Thanks. Okay, so she is very attractive, and she is wearing sexy underwear. Dressed to the nines. Suspenders,  the works...if you get the picture... she comes over to me, and we start to kiss."
"Is this a dream or a porno movie?" Susie asks.
"Please...let me finish...," Peter said, a little annoyed.
"Sorry..."
"We kiss," Peter continues, and I caress her hair and head. I whisper something into her ear...I think I say her name, but it's unclear...fuck...each time I do this, each time I rerun it in my mind, the name I say is on the tip of my tongue...it's so frustrating...!"
"I start to remove her bra, to kiss her body all over...we move to the bed...we make love..."
"So don't spare the details now,...it's just beginning to get interesting..."
"Susie...Please!. Anyway...up until now it's all been nice ... As I was saying, we make love. At first I am kissing her really sensitively, kissing her shoulder, kissing her breasts...she has large breasts...and I remember enjoying it...which is quite strange because you know that I don't necessarily like big breasts...never have."
"Peter, can I interrupt and say one thing... have you realised that you keep saying 'I', as if it was you who was actually doing this?"
"Shit,...yes...but..."
"It's okay, I know, it's only a dream. Don't worry...Carry on..." Susie says, reaching out and putting a comforting hand on Peters. She doesn't remove it.
"Thanks. Anyway, I am kissing her breasts now...I start to bite her nipples...at first little small bites, but then getting harder. She starts to moan, at first enjoying it. I get rougher. She asks me to stop. I don't. She pulls my hair. I stop. I am above her. I ask her to turn over. She turns over. I ask her to kneel up, she does. I slip on another condom, and enter her from behind. We start to make love again. We are both going for it, at first slowly, then faster and faster... her hips moving back and forward against mine. I reach out and grab her hair...I pull her head back slightly...her throat arched upwards... exposed..." Peter stops, coughs, and looks away. Some tears start to well up in his eyes, and he stretches across the table and places his other hand on top of Susie's. He squeezes her hand tightly, and turns and looks at Susie, directly into her eyes. 
"And then I reach under the mattress, pull out a sharp knife, lean forward and cut her throat from behind."
Susie reacts instantly, pulling both her hands free from Peter and recoiling in shock.
"You what?"
"I cut her throat. From ear to ear. Her neck and head come backwards towards me and her throat opens up even more...blood spurts out covering the walls, pulsing... FUCK!!!!!"Peter starts to cry, his hands flying up to the sides of his head and pulling on his hair.
"Susie...bloody hell...I killed her...," Peter pauses for a few moments to steady himself and control his breathing."...And then it all goes black...and the dream ends..."
"It's a dream Peter. A stupid, fucking, dream. That's all. It's your drugs. Exactly like what the doctor said. Come on, you know drugs can do that to you! Maybe your drugs have some sort of LSD in them or something!"
Wiping the tears from his cheeks onto the arms of his sweater, Peter looks up, and stares at Susie again.
"There's one more thing, I haven't told you...the last thing I remember before it goes black and the whole nightmare sequence stops is that I am laughing. I am laughing my head off."
.
--------------------
.
Susie is silent. Peter is watching her, waiting for her to speak. He can see the cogs turning over in her mind.
For a moment it looks as if she is just about to say something: she opens her lips, the muscles in her face move as if words are imminent, but then she relaxes again and no words emerge.
"I think I want a coffee," she says, finally, rising from her seat."Do you want one too?"
"No. I'm wired enough."
Susie gets up and walks to the bar. Peter watches her, sensing that it has got less to do with the coffee, and more about just wanting a few moments alone.
She returns a couple of minutes later, carrying a beer and a whisky, and another orange juice for Peter.
"Changed my mind. I think I need a good stiff drink after all."
She sits down.
"The thing is," Peter says, speaking before Susie can say anything else. "...The thing is, the dream sequence is now always the same. And each time I run it in my mind, I see more detail. It becomes more real. It's really fucking scaring me Susie. I just want it to stop. To STOP!"
"It will. It'll probably just stop one day..."
"When?...And what if it doesn't?...Look, one last thing, then I'm done...See, I've started to write down notes from my dreams as soon as I wake up." Peter reached into his jacket pocket and pulled out a notebook, opening it up and pushing it across the table to Susie. "...And last night, just after I'd dreamt it all again, and written it down, I wrote down this question...look..." Peter pointed to the note book.
"Is this just a dream?" Susie said, reading the words aloud. She looked up at him.
"Yes. What happens if this is not just a dream, Susie. What happens if this is real? What happens if this actually happened? Just like in Switzerland? Susie, maybe this whole fucking thing is not a dream after all? Maybe somewhere, someplace, a young woman has just had her throat cut and I have just seen it all happen in my mind?"
"Stop. Peter, stop..."
"No, one more thing, something that I thought just now, just as I said that last sentence...something, fuck...something new....Susie, if it did happen, if it is real, just like it was real in Switzerland and actually did happen in room 326 to that other poor girl, either I have become psychic and a clairvoyant who can 'see' things, or...or Susie, ...I was there! I was actually there as it happened!"


Chapter 39
Willow Farm Commune 
Wales 
9.55 p.m.
April 17th
.
.
Big Wee Rab lay back on his comfortable bed. He was one of the lucky ones. For now, he had a room to himself. Normally, they would all have to share with another member of the commune, but the day before he had arrived, the man who used to live in the room had left to return to his life in London. Cured. On the straight and narrow. A reformed drug addict. Or at least, that was what everybody hoped for.
Rab was a little bit of a sceptic.
He had known lots of drug addicts. None of them had gone straight or had turned that magic corner and found the strength to live a normal, healthy, drug free existence.
Once a druggie, always a druggie. At least, that's the way it was on the estate.
On the other hand, he had only been here several weeks, but he could already see that the people who ran the retreat really cared. They actually cared.
Although Rab had heard of angels, he had never believed in them until he had met Gavin and Stella. They ran the centre, the guiding lights of the community, who inspired and transformed the lives of everyone who came to seek sanctuary and reach out for help.
Which is exactly what Big Wee Rab had done. After another sleepless night in his car, he had called Michael at the prison from a public phone booth, and had been given the details of the farm. Michael had promised to call ahead and arrange everything.
When Big Wee Rab had driven through the gates several weeks ago, Gavin and Stella had come out to meet him in the rain and had hugged him and welcomed him like a long lost son. A prodigal son. The phrase sprang into Big Wee Rab's brain, a sudden flashback to the few days he ever turned up at Sunday School. He never learned anything, but occasionally they got a free lunch, and that was why his mum sent him along... so that Rab could get his free share of the five loaves and the three fishes. Or was it two fishes? 
Rab loved it at the commune. It was great. 
For a start he was warm. He had food. And people liked him. 
Nobody knew where he came from, and nobody knew what he had done, or if or why he had gone to prison. That belonged to their 'other lives'. They could talk about it if they wanted to, or they could keep it secret, put it in the past and forget about it. It was up to them.
The commune was a rehabilitation centre to help people find themselves and discover a new way to live. It was funded by the lottery commission, and anyone who was admitted to the centre was allowed to stay for up to six months. Almost everyone on the farm had done time in prison, and been told about the commune by someone on the inside. 
Rab had only been there several weeks, but already he was thinking how nice it would be to stay forever.
The work was hard though. And there was a lot of it. Everyone had to pull their weight, or they didn't get fed. What you had to do depended upon how fit you were, and what the rest of the commune thought you could or should contribute. If you didn't like something, you took it to one of the public meetings and you talked about it. Then everyone voted. You then did what everyone else said, or you had to leave.
But everyone did what was asked of them. Everyone knew how lucky they were to be there.
Rab knew that his life had changed the day he drove through the big white gates at the entrance to the farm. One of the others, a thief from somewhere down in Cornwall, had compared them to the pearly gates at the entrance to Heaven. Rab had liked that. As far as he was concerned, this was probably as close to Heaven as you could get.
. .

He had first seen the picture of Mr Wallace on the local BBC News. The reporter had been speaking in Welsh, and Rab had not understood a word, but he knew exactly what it was all about. The reporter had held up a picture of a medal, the same type of medal that Rab now had in his hand and was staring at, trying to read the words on it. He had asked Stella what was being said in the news clip on the TV, and she had translated it for him.
Rab had heard of a Victoria Cross before. He knew that it was a really important medal, but he didn't know just how important until Stella had told him.
The next day he had seen the same picture in a newspaper that someone had left in the big kitchen that they all shared. He had taken the page, and locked himself in the toilet while he read the story that went with it.
And now, alone for the first time all day with 'lights-out' in five minutes, Rob had again taken the medal out from its hiding place in his dirty sock bag, and was staring at it in as close to reverent awe as Rab was ever likely to experience in his life. Each night before he went to sleep, he liked to hold the medal and think.
'The old guy's a fucking hero!" Rab whispered to himself. Rab had never met a hero before. Not a real, proper hero. Not one that had fought in a real war and killed people and got a medal for doing it.
Stella had said that all the Victoria Crosses were made from the metal of the same cannon, which was captured during the 'Crimean War'. An old cannon from a big war a long, long time ago.
It was interesting stuff. 
This medal was bloody famous, everyone in Britain was looking for it just now, and Rab had it! Here. Right now. In his hands.
In fact, Rab had realised, that the medal was now officially the most valuable thing he had ever touched in his whole life. And it was his. It belonged to him.
"Lights out!", Gavin shouted from the end of the hall, and suddenly the Centre went dark. Phuff! Pitch blackness.
It took a few moments for his eyes to acclimatise, and then Rab jumped out of his bed, hid the medal again, and climbed back under his very own duvet cover.
Bloody hell, this place was posh. 
.
Moonlight streamed into the room, and Rab closed his eyes. He was tired. He wanted to fall asleep, but there was a problem, and he knew he wouldn't be able to sleep until he could think about what he should do. How he should solve the problem.
For the first time in his life, Rab was suffering from a feeling that he could not explain. Every time he thought about the medal, instead of just feeling excited that he had got it, he thought of old Mr Wallace. He thought about him crashing out of Mr Wallace's flat, and knocking the old guy over. He thought about how pathetic the old man's possessions had been: there had been nothing worth stealing. The medal was the most valuable thing that he had had in that crappy little council flat that he was forced to call home. It was probably the most valuable thing in the old man's life. Perhaps the only possession that he had which he could be proud of.
And Big Wee Rab had stolen it.
For the first time in the past few years, Rab did not feel so 'big' after all. He didn't know how to describe it.
Rab thought about the feeling some more. And then it dawned on him. 
For the first time in his life, Rab felt ashamed. 


Chapter 40
The Dome 
Edinburgh
10.30 p.m.
April 17th
.
.
Susie had decided that things were getting too intense in the Standing Order. She needed some time to breathe and to think. 
What Peter had just said had scared the proverbial shit out of her. For two reasons. Firstly, because this was not a game: this was a serious conversation that they were having about serious matters, and what Peter was describing to her was not a scene from a video or television programme. This was something that he was seeing... repeatedly...within his own head. It was disgusting. It met her feel sick when she thought about it. But she knew Peter better than any other woman in the world. She had loved Peter...and a part of her after a few glasses of wine might admit, uncomfortably, that perhaps she still did. The thing was though, that Peter was not, and had never been a violent man. He loved people. He cared for people. He had loved her with all his heart, ...once..., and he was as big a gentleman as any man she had ever met. For Peter to be having these thoughts, to be seeing these scenes in his mind...this didn't come from him!
Which led directly onto the second point why she was so scared.
When Peter had suggested that perhaps he had actually 'been there as it had happened', that he had somehow 'seen it' as it took place, ...that had been the second time she had heard that idea. 
The first person who had thought that same thought was herself.
But she had been too scared and worried to mention it to Peter.
And now he had mentioned it to her, there was no avoiding it.
Something really...something really fucking weird was happening.
.
Since the evening in his flat, when he had first shocked her by climbing and hiding in the tree-how was that possible? He had always been so scared of heights!- and when they had then googled 'Organ transplant and personality change'...since then she had been both fascinated and petrified by what she had learned.
Together they had sat at his table, reading story after story on the internet about people who had received an organ transplant, and who had then started to adopt personal characteristics of the people from whom the organs had been taken or donated. The stories from the people who had received the organs were amazing. Incredible. Almost unbelievable. Which had obviously led to Susie asking herself, 'Were they real, or the stuff of urban legend?'
After they had finished reading the articles, Peter and Susie had not talked about it together. Yet. They had both recognised that they both needed time to digest what they had learned, because if it was true, the implications were staggering.
"How come we have never ever heard this stuff before?" Susie had asked herself that night as she drove home. "Was there some sort of conspiracy thing going on here?"
The answer to that question was obviously no, because it had only taken her ten seconds to find out about it when she had typed her question into the search engine.
The thing was, that nobody knew that this stuff was going on. 
It seemed too incredible to be true.
The problem was, ...it seemed to be real!
People were receiving organs from dead people, and then developing personal characteristics from the people who had died. In fact, some of the stories had gone way beyond just that. Way beyond.
When Susie had got home from Peter's she had poured herself a large glass of Merlot, fired up her Mac, and started searching again by herself. 
She had spent the next three hours searching and reading. Learning. Discovering a mystery of life that no one could yet explain.
By the time she finally went to bed she had probably read every reported case that had ever been recorded and made publicly available. 
Thankfully, there were not too many of them, but the cases that she did discover were all similar.
Scary. Terrifying. But strangely reassuring. Reassuring that there was more to life than Susie had ever thought before. Reassuring that perhaps, just perhaps, this was the first evidence that she had ever read that proved there was a human soul which possibly survived after death.
At least, that was one of the big questions that had come out online, and was now being discussed. 
And no one knew the answer. 
.
--------------------
.
They walked in silence along George Street from the Standing Order to The Dome, a converted bank which was now Susie's favourite restaurant and bar in the city.
They found a seat in the corner of the restaurant where they could drink without eating, and ordered a brandy and a juice.
"Have you heard of 'cellular memory'?" Susie suddenly asked Peter as he sipped his brandy and started to relax. 
Peter smiled.
"So, you've been doing some independent research of your own, have you?"
"What do you think? I'm a journalist. So are you. This thing that is happening to you has really got me spooked. And interested. Those stories we read together on your laptop last week were both amazing and scary at the same time."
"I know... I haven't been able to stop thinking about them."
"So, what do think about this idea of cellular memory then?"
"That some cells of the body, in some way we just don't understand yet, actually form part of the memory mechanism for the whole body...that memories are not just remembered in the mind but throughout the whole body?"
"I think it's something like that...here, wait, I took some notes...," and Susie reached into her handbag and pulled out her notebook. "The things we are interested in are called 'neuropeptides'. Scientists have discovered that these cells don't just exist in the brain as once thought, but can actually be found present in all the tissues of the body. The idea is that the neuropeptides somehow store memories which are then released in the new body once an organ is transplanted. The mind in the new body then somehow accesses these memories, and the organ recipient then remembers what the deceased donor experienced when they were alive... "
"Yep,  that's a pretty good description. I read that too."
They were both silent for a second. Then Peter spoke.
"It's almost as if we are both too scared to say what we are both thinking...so I'll do it for us both. I'll start." He took a sip of his drink, swallowed, and sat up straight in his chair, resting his open palms on the table with his thumbs pointing into the air.
"Basically...", he started. "...Basically, it could be that the kidneys I have received have come from a murderer... And that somehow his memories, or the things he saw, are now resurfacing in my mind. In other words, I am beginning to see all the things he did."
"Exactly," Susie said, reaching out and placing her hands in his.
"Which is why I said what I said in the Standing Order. I am worried that the murder I am dreaming of now, is a real murder. And that I was there..I mean, I wasn't there, but the guy...it was a guy, it had to be, …he was there and he did it, and now I am reliving what he saw and what he did then!"
"Yes..."
"And that's how I saw the visions in Switzerland. He killed the girl in room 326 in the Hotel Matterhorn Superior, and then I was drawn to that room because I knew what had happened there! I had been there...he had been there..."
Susie took her hands out of Peter's and started to make some notes. 
"What are you doing, Susie?" Peter asked.
"We're journalists, Peter. I'm taking notes. From the translations that Dieter gave to us, it seems that the guy who killed the girl in room 326 got away with it. He escaped scot-free. Free to kill again. We've got to track him down..."
"Susie, don't be silly. He's dead. He died. Bits of him are inside me now. He won't be killing anyone anymore."
"Sorry, I didn't mean that. I meant, if he killed the woman in room 326, he probably killed others. Who? And how many? Is the girl you are dreaming of now..., the one who gets her throat cut in the bedroom in suspenders and lingerie..., was she killed before or after the woman in Switzerland?"
"Susie..."
"Peter, think about this. You have to find out. You have to face what is inside you, to come to terms with it and beat it. Ironically, thanks to his kidneys, the 'murderer' has saved your life...whoever he was! And the fact that he died a free man means that no one caught him for killing those women. But people have gone missing and someone somewhere is looking for the murderer and it's our job to help them find him. To name him. And most importantly to help any detectives or policemen solve the murders that he committed."
Peter was silent. He took another drink.
"I'll be back in a moment...I need a breath of fresh air..."
He got up and walked out of the door into the street. Susie knew that it was best not to follow him, so she let him go. He would come back when he was ready, and when he had answered the question that was in his mind. Whatever that question was. 
.
--------------------
.
"Okay," Peter said, coming back into the restaurant, laying a hand on her shoulder as he moved past her and sat down opposite. "Let's do it!. Let's find the bastard that saved my life but killed everyone else...Let's find out who he was and find and identify all the people that he killed. And then hopefully, hopefully I will get some peace." 
Chapter 41
StemPharma Corp.
The Bunker
Delaware 
April 17th
.
.
Nic White was alone in his room, lying on his bed in his rather luxurious underground rabbit hole. 
It was only 6 p.m. but he was tired. So tired. He had come off his shift early, because he could not concentrate properly, and he could not get away from the fact that he was going to have to make a decision soon. Very soon.
He had always been able to sense when things were going to happen, and he knew things were coming to a climax. 
Cases were multiplying. 
There had been another ten reported cases in the past two days alone. 
But it wasn't just that. He was worried about the case that he had read about in Scotland. The man was a journalist. The bell that had started to ring in his mind a few weeks ago had started ringing again. And it was getting louder.
.
He got up from his bed, walked into his marble walled shower-room, took off his clothes and stepped into the wall of water. He let the warm water rain down upon his head, the steam building up in the room and creating his very own private steam bath. 
This was how Nic liked to think. The water washed away the stresses of the day, and helped him relax. Helped his brain to assemble together pieces of whichever jigsaw that needed putting together.
Before any of this had started happening, Nic had never ever heard of the phenomenon that was now being popularly classified as 'cellular memory' syndrome. There were also other explanations, but they were all less scientific, and therefore less likely.
The thing was, Nic was a scientist. He believed in the tangible, not in anything that could not be seen or measured. But the more he learned about the individual experiences of patients who had taken SP-X4, the more confused he was becoming. His beliefs were being challenged.
The problem was that the 'cellular memory' theorem was, at least in Nic's opinion, a desperate attempt to describe something that was far from rational or normal. 'Cellular memory' ideas were trying to describe something that Nic wondered if there would actually ever be a proper scientific explanation for. Which caused a problem for Nic, because he believed in the tangible... not in anything that could not be seen or measured...
That afternoon Nic had gone over the notes that he had made 'topside' while recently visiting patients who claimed to experience the phenomena, and who had reported detailed case histories for which at first pass there seemed to be no natural, plausible explanation.
He had compared them to the reports he had read on the internet, which Nic knew that everyone could access if they wanted to, and they all told similar tales. Basically they all alluded to the same thing: when an organ was transplanted from a donor to a recipient, the recipient began to adopt or exhibit personality traits of the donor. Some cases actually also went way beyond that: the recipient began to report 'seeing' or experiencing emotions or events, which when investigated, would seem to be memories that previously belonged to the donor.
Nic was no longer a religious man. As a child he had gone to Sunday School...sent by parents who loved him and thought that all good parents should send their children to such an institution; perhaps hoping for help in implanting some useful moral and religious belief structures into his mind. 
Yes, Nic had dutifully attended school every Sunday, after Church. He had learned lots of interesting stories. Lots of facts. But as of yet, in all his years, he had not sensed, or felt the presence of God, or any other god.
Until now.
There was something going on here that he did not understand...a common thread which seemed to run between all the cases that were being reported by patients of SP-X4. It went way beyond any research that dealt with the human body. A living human body. Or a dead human body. This was not science as he knew or understood it.
There was only one way to describe the phenomena that did actually make any sense. It was a simple explanation that came to him now from his days at Sunday School. It would seem that apart from stories of Joseph, and Samson and Delilah, and Jesus and fishes and loaves, he had remembered one other, small, important fact.
And it was, that within every human body, there was a human soul. A spirit. A being, a form, a life force that somehow transcended the human body, its creation and its death. 
Nic would of course search for the other, rational, scientific explanation. If need be, he would perhaps spend millions of dollars and a lifetime searching for an alternative scientific answer. However, having just visited twelve families topside, he was inclined to believe that the solution that seemed the most obvious just now, may prove to be the same answer that they conclude in years to come.
Namely that when you transplant an organ from one person to another, that some element of, or all of the donor's 'soul', accompanies the organ.
Nic knew that he was dealing with something here that was perhaps way beyond his understanding. 
The problem that Nic was facing, however, was that whereas cases exhibiting 'cellular memory' phenomena had occurred before, they had been relatively rare. There were probably less than a hundred such cases that had been documented over the past fifty years. Yet, suddenly, patients who were receiving organ transplants and were being treated with SP-X4 were reporting such experiences at a rate of almost 80%. 
In other words, it had become the norm, rather than the exception.
There was not enough scientific data...yet. But Nic was very worried. Very worried indeed.
It seemed that SP-X4 was doing something very unexpected. Something that was either very wonderful, or very, very bad.
For it would seem that when a patient received a donor organ, -a heart, a lung, a kidney, a cornea of an eye-, that the patient was receiving far more than they had bargained for. 
Not only were they receiving a new lease of life. 
It would seem that they were also receiving part of the life of the donor. Some just a little, some a lot more.
The question was, where would it stop.
Nic was scared.
He switched the shower off, towelled himself down, dressed and returned to his office. 
He wanted to read the case histories just one more time.
.
Nic had rated each of the case histories according to the degree in which the cellular memory phenomena had been exhibited in each case: a one star indicated that there had been some small degree of personality change, which may or may not be down to the organ which the patient had received, but could be due to the SP-X4 treatment, part of which included immunosuppressants. In contrast, a five star rating meant that events which the patient had described to Nic went way beyond anything that Nic could explain rationally...at this stage. For now, they may seem supernatural, but in the next few weeks or months Nic would try to find a rational explanation. An answer would be forthcoming. It had to be. 
Pouring himself a glass of red wine and sitting back on his favourite reclining armchair, he flicked on his iPad and opened up Case 69, one of his favourites. It was a four star rating.
Dianne Grieves lived in upstate New York. Came from a decent background, had loving parents, both in good jobs, and the family in general seemed to enjoy good health.
Dianne Grieves was blind. Had been since birth. She had never seen anything in her life before. She was a happy 11 year old child. Both her kidneys had suffered acute renal failure as a result of sepsis,... her little body's immune system was overwhelmed from an infection which caused inflammation and shutdown of her kidneys. Dianne had an elder sister. Unfortunately, whilst Dianne was waiting for a kidney transplant, her sister was killed in a car accident. Both kidneys were immediately harvested and transplanted into her sister. Dianne had subsequently recovered rapidly. It was not clear if her speedy recovery was due to SP-X4 or down to the fact that her sister was a good match. What was astounding however, was that about a month after the transplant, Dianne started to claim that she could see lights and shapes in her head. Over a few weeks, these became 'pictures' that Dianne started to describe. Dianne had never seen her parents before. Or any other member of her family. However, in the coming months, when Dianne heard the voice of a relative, a picture or pictures of that relative would pop up in her mind. In effect, she could 'see' the relative, and the picture would be auto-triggered by the voice. Nic had been concerned that obviously over the years she would have had the relatives potentially described to her by her family, or she may even have felt the contours of  their faces with her fingers. Could that be the explanation? Maybe her mind had suddenly developed a new way to represent such descriptions more visually? Perhaps the drugs had somehow in some way stimulated a part of the visual cortex, that previously had been dormant?
That could have been a partial explanation. Were it not for the fact that apparently Dianne was soon describing pictures of other people who she had never met before, and in some cases she was also able to associate a 'name' which seemed to 'just come to her' at the same time as she visualised the picture. One of these was a boyfriend of her sister from the university that she attended, and who Dianne had known nothing about. Her parents had recognised the name and when they looked him up on Facebook, the description that Dianne provided of him was exactly the person they saw. 
There were other faces and other descriptions too. Some later turned out to be college professors, or work colleagues from her sister's part-time jobs.
A month later, Dianne also started to see pictures of places: her sister's college room; a street in their town; a mountain view...which sounded just like a view of Yosemite that her sister would have seen during her vacation on the West Coast, two years before. 
After a while Dianne had begun to tire of constantly seeing images that she did not understand. One day she had gone to her church with her parents. She had prayed to God that the images should stop. That night she had seen a picture of a girl in her mind. An attractive girl. Young. Probably around 11 years old. The name 'Dianne' had 'come' at the same time. Almost involuntarily her own lips and face had formed into a smile at the same time as the image had appeared, and she had felt a warm feeling in her chest. 
She knew she had just seen her own image as seen by her sister, and it felt as if her sister had given her a hug from within.
After that the images had ceased. They had not returned.
.
Five stars, Case 28, a single middle-aged man in Philadelphia. A lung transplant. A lover of jazz music all his life, after he received the transplant, he began to find jazz annoying and 'childish'. At the same time he developed an incredible urge to learn to play the violin. He bought one, got some 'Learn Violin' books, and within six months had mastered some Grade 4 pieces. Whilst following the course he had started to dream of a piece of music which he heard play over and over again in his head. After several weeks he began to try to pick out the notes from the song on the violin. Soon he could play the music from start to finish. Through perseverance with their doctor and some good luck, a letter he wrote to the family of the donor of the lungs made it to the wife of the man who had been the donor. The wife agreed to meet the man who had received her husband's lungs. Upon meeting, the man had fallen almost instantly in love with the wife. Incredibly, even though she was in mourning for the deceased husband whom she had loved deeply, she felt incredibly attracted to the man she had just met. They became good friends. Later lovers. It turns out that the deceased man was a violinist in an orchestra. The lung recipient explained that he had begun to teach himself how to play the violin, and volunteered to show her. A few days later, whilst in her house, the lung recipient had walked to a cupboard in the den, taken out a violin and started to play it. He claimed later that he had no idea that the violin was kept there, but had felt a strange compulsion to open the door and take the violin out. The lady had asked him to play something and he had obliged by playing the piece of music that had been repeating in his head, and which he had taught himself to play. Upon hearing the music, the woman had cried her eyes out. It transpired that the piece of music had been written by her husband for her, for their 15th wedding anniversary. Her husband had not played it to anyone else...it was their special song. 
It was not possible that the man could have heard it anywhere. There was no rational explanation as to how he knew that piece of music.
.
A month later the strange new couple were engaged. Nic had been invited to their wedding.
.
Case 12, one of the first visits he had made, was a five star. It was one of his favourites, but also one of the strangest. It bore a remarkable similarity to another case that had been publicly reported and was easily found on the internet, in which a young girl had received a heart transplant from another young girl and in which the surviving child had talked of her new special friend and demonstrated knowledge that could only have come from an intimate acquaintance with the life of the donor, whom she had never met. That was why Nic had made a special point of visiting and investigating Case 12 himself. He wanted to make sure that the family who reported it had not just made it up, or been inspired by the famous internet story to embellish their own experience. After having visited them, Nic was convinced that they were sincere and honest people who were simply trying to come to terms with what had happened. They had not lied.
In Case 12, a young boy of five, David, had received a heart from a six year old boy. A condition had been placed upon the donation of the heart by the parents of the child that had died. They had requested that they should be allowed to observe the recipient, David, once he had recovered. It was not a stipulation that they should meet him, just to see him, and to see how their son's heart had given life to another person. Perhaps they had hoped that they could in some way witness for themselves that a part of their son had survived death. 
David had made a rapid recovery (-rapid recoveries were very common in patients who had received SP-X4 treatment-), and he was soon running around and playing soccer.
His parents had written to the mother and father of the boy from whom the donor heart had been taken, who was called Paul, and suggested that they might want to come to the local park on a Saturday morning and watch from a park bench as David played with his friends and ran around and kicked a ball in a junior soccer match. As suggested, they had come along, and mingling with the many other parents in the park that day, they had watched as the children had played junior soccer together. David's parents had met them earlier, greeted them, and given them a photograph of David, so that they could identify him and keep the photograph as a thank you present.
After the match had finished, instead of immediately running over to his own parents and greeting them, the little boy David had run over to the park bench where Paul's parents had been sitting. He jumped up onto the their laps and starting hugging them. 
He told them he loved them. That he was happy, and that they should not be sad. David had jumped off Paul's father's lap, and started to run away, but then come back. "Tell Zoggy that I love him too, and remember to feed him for me, please." Then he had run back across the park to his real mother and father.  
David's parents had watched the whole exchange from the other side of the soccer pitch. When David had come back, they had asked him, "Why did you go to those people over there and give them a hug?"
David had replied. "Paul wanted to go, and I just went with him."
The line delivered by the innocent five year old boy was so similar to the case he had read on the internet, that it amazed Nic. Yet, Nic believed it was genuine. 
Later that afternoon, David had asked his mother who 'Zoggy' was, and told her that Paul had asked his mother and father to look after him. 
David's mother had written to Paul's parents and enquired as to the identity of Zoggy, only to discover that he was Paul's pet cat. 
The families had never met each other before, and they lived on opposite sides of Chicago. 
After that David did not speak of Paul again.
.
Nic poured himself another glass of wine, and then read another five case stories. They were all remarkable. All amazing. All seemingly true...he could not fault the people whom he had interviewed personally, and he could not detect any sign that they had been lying. Also, Nic could see no motivation for them to make any of it up. He had made it clear that he would not be making any aspect of his studies public, and that this research was independent and being conducted by the makers of SP-X4, purely for their own records. 
After finishing the fifth case study, he had made himself something to eat, and then sat down to think. 
He had to understand why the rate of these experiences had jumped from being statistically minute to almost 80% of all transplant operations that involved SP-X4. 
Something was niggling him at the back of his brain.
A thought. A gem of an idea.
His subconscious was gently prodding him.
Nic closed his eyes, breathed deeply, and relaxed.
And in that moment, Nic began to understand.


Chapter 42
The Dome 
Edinburgh
11.00 p.m.
April 17th
.
.
"Okay," Susie said, looking up from her notebook and paying all her attention to Peter, her pen poised, ready to write everything down. "What do we know so far?"
"Actually, probably not that much. We know it's a man. We know he probably likes spicy sausages. And I'm pretty sure that he likes to climb mountains. In fact, I think he has climbed the Matterhorn. Remember I told you about the visions I had in Zermatt? One was like a dream in which I dreamt that I was standing on top of the Matterhorn, and the other, the vision I had when looking up at the ledge on the vertical face of the Matterhorn, was as if it was me looking down from above through the eyes of someone perched on that little ledge. I think that whoever the murderer was, he had been standing there at some point during his ascent of the Matterhorn."
"That's a start. But there must be more if we think about it."
"Like what?" 
"Like, for example, that if both of these two women that he had killed were so attractive, then maybe this guy is also quite good looking."
"Is that relevant?"
"Could be. Maybe worth remembering. Maybe not."
They sat in silence for a second.
Peter reached out, almost absentmindedly, and picked up a knife that was lying on the table from the earlier place setting for dinner.
He started to stroke the edge of the blade with his thumb. Lost in his thoughts.
Susie watched him. A shudder ran down her spine, and she reached out and took the knife away from him, stretching across to another empty table behind her and dropping it onto the white tablecloth.
Peter looked up, a light shining in his eyes.
"Write down that I seem to be becoming interested in knives. I just realised that just now...I keep picking them up, playing with them. In fact, fuck, you won't believe this but yesterday I went out and bought a new set of cutlery. Ask me why?"
"Why?"
"Because when I was washing up the dishes from dinner the other day, I realised just how old my dinner set was and how blunt the knives were. It's really started to annoy me recently that I can't cut the meat on my plates properly...Shit, was that me or him? Did I want to buy new knives or did that other fucker, the murderer want me to?"
"Hey...calm down. You don't need to swear so much...you never used to swear!? ...Anyway, don't worry about it...You're right. Your cutlery is old. You've had it for years, and yes, the knives are probably blunt. Don't worry about it..."
"But write it down, anyway, just in case...you know...and also write down that I am bloody swearing more than I used to."
She wrote them both down.
"Peter, you mentioned that when you described the second murder you were standing looking out of a window...can you close your eyes and think about it now...and if you can, try and think about what you can see out of the window...Is there anything distinctive about what you can see? For example, can you tell what country you are in?"
Peter closed his eyes. Susie said nothing.
"But don't fall asleep..." Susie said, jokingly.
"SSssssshhhH!!!" Peter replied, wincing up his face without opening up his eyes.
"Every time I do this, it becomes a little clearer. I can see rooftops, slates...brown walls...I think this is England. It's not like the council houses we have in Scotland, and the buildings don't look like any ones we have in the Scottish countryside...
"Or is it abroad?"
"No...They look like British, ...English houses..."
"Okay..."
"..Shit...yes, and in the distance down the side of one of the buildings I can see half a bridge. I can see a bridge!"
"Brilliant! How tall is the bridge? Is it big?"
"Quite big...it's not like the Forth Road Bridge or the Forth Rail Bridge...no, it's not a rail-bridge...I can see people walking across it..., I can't see any cars...there are no cars...it's a pedestrian bridge."
"Okay. So, we'll have to google all the decent pedestrian footbridges in England, and see if we can find a match. Maybe you could try to sketch what you've seen as well.
Then perhaps we can go and try and find it, try to recreate the angle from which you saw it, and then try to identify the house and the window you saw it from..."
"Wooahhh... slow down! How many bridges are there in England…?"
"I'm just making a plan, okay...I'm guessing that if the dream or vision keeps becoming clearer, you will come up with something else that may even help us to identify it more definitively...It's really important that from now on you carry a little notebook around with you and start writing down any names, place names, words, anything that might pop into your mind? Okay?"
"Good idea."
"Anything, okay?"
"Fine, I've got it. Listen, I've been thinking...all those amazing stories that we read on the internet, about all those people who'd had transplants like me and then started having things happen to them. Supernatural things... I've read them all again a couple of times each, and I noticed that a lot of them, probably most of them, are quite old. They were written years ago. I've been wondering...how many others like me are there now? Is what's happening to me commonplace, or the exception? Was this something that started happening like 'Crop Circles' or 'Alien Abductions' where lots came out of the woodwork all at the same time as everyone started imagining that it had happened to them too, and then it all faded away, or is it something real that still happens all the time?"
"You're right. I'd spotted that as well...and I think I have an answer..."
"Which is what?"
"You write an article about this, requesting that anyone who has had similar experiences to you recently or in the past three years, should come forward, tell others, share their experiences and join the debate again now..."
"Great idea," Peter said, smiling."...But I'll say 'a friend' of mine had a transplant etc...I just don't think that I should openly admit to people that it was me, because people might think I'm a freak or something."
"True. Never thought of that. And we shouldn't mention room '326' or anything like that either."
"Let's just keep it vague... I'll say I'm doing research for 'my friend' and want to gather recent experiences of anyone who has experienced personality changes after receiving a transplant, or anything else remarkable or strange. Let's test the waters...see what's out there."
"Done. I'll write it tomorrow."
.
Outside the Dome, Susie and Peter stood to zip up their coats. It had got quite cold. Peter looked at his watch. It was late. 
"I'll get you a taxi," he said. 
"Not yet...can we just walk for a bit. Get some fresh air?"
Susie wrapped her arms around Peter's, and they started to walk along George Street, Susie resting her head against his shoulder. She smiled. Peter smelled good. 
They walked without talking, each person lost in their own thoughts.
When they got to the end of George Street, Peter turned to Susie, one hand on each shoulder, looking into her eyes, and was about to ask something, when Susie reached up her hand and touched his lips with her fingers.
"You don't need to ask, Peter. The answer is yes. I wasn't there for you before, when you needed me, but tonight I want to be. I don't think either of us want to be alone just now."
Susie leant forward and kissed Peter on the lips. Then she turned, waved at a taxi,  and when it pulled up in front of them, they both climbed in.
.
The next morning Peter woke up in Susie's bed alone. She had already left for work. He had slept deeply, without any dreams, and had woken up feeling good. Very good indeed.
The smile receded however, when Peter found the note on the pillow beside him.
.
"Thank you for last night Peter. It was lovely to fall asleep in your arms again. I don't know how to say this, but perhaps, given everything that is happening just now, we should enjoy last night for what it was, but not read anything more into it than that? The last thing I want to do is to ruin what we have. You are too important to me. So for now, let's imagine that last night was just a pleasant dream. A beautiful dream that I shall never regret, but which we should perhaps not repeat? Does that make sense? 
For now, let's put all our energies into our plan. Okay? 
About the newspaper article we discussed...Leave it to me! I'll draft something up this morning, and call you at lunchtime so that we can discuss it. 
Please get some rest!
Hugs,
Susie"
".


--------------------
.
The article was published two days later. It was a small article, not too detailed. It ran on Page 4 of the Friday evening paper edition as well as the online version. Susie and Peter tweeted the article, and put a link to it on their Facebook pages. It was 'Liked' and 'retweeted' by a thousand people by Saturday morning, and was picked up and copied by several of the major Sunday newspapers.
In the viral world that is today, the theme of the article caught the public's imagination. When Susie went to her computer on Sunday morning to re-read some of the 'supernatural' cases that had caught her interest before, she typed in " Organ transplant and personality change" and discovered that the top ten links that came back were from articles in the US and Canada that had referenced her article and her request for volunteers to come forward and contact her with new stories. 
By Monday morning Peter and Susie had over one hundred emails from people who were keen to share their experiences and find out if they were the only ones in the world experiencing such things, or if others were too.
By Tuesday they had three hundred emails.
And by Wednesday both she and Peter were convinced that something very, very strange was happening. 
They had stirred the pot, and the cauldron had begun to boil.


Chapter 43
Knutsford
England
April 20th
3.00 p.m.
.
.
It had been well over a month since the police had visited Carolina with the news that her ex-boyfriend had most probably been found dead in the Shetlands.
Carolina had cried on and off for a few days, before she finally accepted the inevitability of it all. They weren't in love any more when she had split up with him, but she felt guilty. Had he killed himself because of her?
It made some sort of weird sense that he was dead. It explained things. He wasn't living at the flat he used to rent, and Carolina didn't have any other address for him. No one who she knew that had known him had heard from him at all. It was like he had just disappeared off the face of the planet. 
Where had he gone? 
Being dead at least explained why he didn't return anyone's calls...
.
The police had offered to take her up to the Shetlands by car. She had refused. They had then offered to fly her up in a small private charter, but Carolina didn't like small airplanes. She didn't even like big airplanes.
Then the police had arranged for a film of the corpse to be made available, and invited her down to the station to view it.
That had really spooked her out.
How would she react? 
How would she feel when she saw the body of a man who had probably died because of her?
She had changed her mind. She couldn't do it.
Maybe later.
The police had not pressurised her at all. They understood. They would give her some time, although ultimately the Coroner would probably insist on her help.
The thoughts wouldn't go away though, and one day Carolina woke up and realised she had had enough. She needed to know one way or the other. So, she had agreed to go and view the video. 
Luckily, one of the neighbours had offered to look after Sam for the afternoon... just in case she needed some space to pull her emotions together after the viewing. 
.
When she arrived at the station, she was met by the same friendly female police officer who had visited her at her home, and she had escorted her into a room at the back of the station. 
Two seats had been placed in front of a large, flat screen LED TV, and as soon as they sat down, another female officer came in carrying some fresh tea and two glasses of water.
They sat down.
They had talked for a while. The police officer had asked after Sam, how he was. "Sam was a nice little boy."
Pleasantries.
And then the police officer had asked if Carolina would prefer to sit by herself, or would she like the other police officer to remain with her...If she wanted, the police officer could stand at the back of the room?
Carolina had thanked her for her kindness.
"Would you mind if I was left alone?...Could I call you when I am ready?"
The female police officer had nodded.
"When you are ready," she said as she got up to leave the room, "...simply press the play button on this remote control." She handed Carolina the remote, smiled, and left.
Carolina sat for a second, plucking up all her courage, then picked up the remote, took a deep breath, and pointed it at the TV.
The screen came alive.
A body was lying on some sort of flat table or mortuary slab, covered in a sheet. 
A person in a white coat walked over to the table, back turned to the camera, and started to remove the white sheet. 
Carolina felt light-headed, dizzy...the room in the police station suddenly felt too small. Her heart started to beat incredibly fast...
She stood up from her seat, fighting with the urge to simply run from the room, to escape back to her house, not to have to face this after all, but then she thought about the poor parents of Gary, wondering where their son was, hoping, praying that he was still alive.
Taking a deep breath, cradling her face in her hands, she forced herself to continue to watch the images on the TV.
The white sheet had been removed, and she could now see the whole body on the table.
He was large. Possibly about the same height as Gary: it was difficult to tell exactly from the film on the TV. The camera moved closer towards the face, slowly showing the body as it went. For a second it hovered above a tattoo on one of the arms.
For a second, this confused Carolina. She squinted at the image on the screen and shook her head slightly, removing the hands from the sides of her face...
The camera had moved on now, traversing up the body.
As the image came to rest on the face, Carolina fought with a confused mixture of feelings within her. 
The image on the screen was horrific. The face had been smashed in and although it was now clean and as presentable as possible, it had clearly been horribly disfigured and damaged. At the sight of it, her stomach churned, and she fought with the urge to throw up.
Yet, at the same time, she felt confused. Very confused.
What she was seeing simply did not compute.
For a few seconds she felt a sense of relief, and she almost voiced the words "Thank God...it's not Gary!"
But then she remembered the tattoo, a vision momentarily resurfacing within her memory, and simultaneously the mutated face became clearer in her mind. 
No, it was not Gary.
But as one problem was removed, another replaced it. 
With a feeling of immense dread, she realised that she knew exactly who it was.
Involuntarily, she screamed aloud, felt the world go black, and she fainted.
 

Chapter 44
The Bunker
Delaware 
April 24th 
.
.
Nic White stared at his laptop screen, deep in thought. What should he do now? As usual, his instincts had been spot on. He had known, known, the instant that he had noticed the word 'journalist' in the case notes of the patient in Scotland that it would spell trouble. Journalists are clever. They sniff something wrong. Then they dig. And they don't stop digging until they have a story.
Nic had received four tweets from different members of his team in the past half an hour. All were sharing with him and a million others in their lives, the link to a newspaper article in the Evening News, the city newspaper for the capital of Scotland.
After reading the article Nic had browsed some of the many discussion groups that he was a part of in the world of genetics and medicine, and there were already several posts in the different groups that had referenced the article. It seemed that organ transplantation and the possible adoption of donor characteristics had suddenly become the hot topic of the day.
The phrase 'cellular memory' had cropped up several times, and a few references had been made to the various cases of people who had received donor organs and then 
experienced the strange phenomena of donor character adoption, but these were the old cases that had been floating around on the internet for years. Thankfully no one had yet reported or written about anything new, and there was not yet a single link to SP-X4. 
To check, he googled 'SP-X4' and it only came back with a few vague references, mostly to press releases, articles or papers that he had written and in which the name SP-X4 had been mentioned, but not explained.
Nic was now sitting looking at the original newspaper article. It was not a detailed article, and in reading it again, he realised that people who read it and who had anything to contribute to the discussion would most likely be responding directly to the email address at the Evening News : s.morgan@theedinburgheveningnews.co.uk. The big question was what the journalist would do with all the reports or replies that he received. 
At least that would hopefully keep a lot of the discussion of new cases off the web for a while. Which would give Nic time.
He would have to report this to his boss now. He had no choice. The Vice President of Sales and Marketing Philip Grant had made it obvious that he wanted Nic to deal with the problem, but all the research Nic had done since, had just further highlighted that a big problem was brewing that could blow up at any time. With 'S Morgan' in Scotland now beginning to investigate it all, it was probably just a matter of time before the sudden increase of cellular memory cases came out into the public consciousness, and SP-X4 was directly associated with it all.
Philip Grant was going to love that.
And so would the litigation lawyers and the shareholders.
.
--------------------
.
The video link to the office in New York was crystal clear. The Polycom telepresence video conferencing equipment that StemPharma had invested in really did make it seem as if Philip Grant was practically in the same room as Nic White. Thanks to the high definition video and high definition audio, Nic could see the colour drain from the Sales VP's face as he gave him a full update on the situation. And that was without even mentioning the reporter in Scotland.
"So how many new cases have been reported in the past two weeks?" Philip demanded to know.
"Another thirty. I personally visited twelve patients whilst I was on my vacation, just to make my own enquiries and follow up on the reports."
"And?"
"...And I think they were all telling the truth. None of them would have anything to gain by making up any stories. I think most of the people who report anything haven't yet become aware of any of the other 'cellular-memory' cases that are easily accessible on the internet."
"What are you talking about?"
"It was all in my last report. Sorry, I had assumed that you had read it... As detailed in the report I gave you last time we met, the form of the phenomena reported in the cases we are looking at are in themselves not necessarily new. The content or details may vary, but in essence they follow a similar pattern. Quite a number of such cases have been reported over the years, but with very few occurring more recently. Statistically such cases are low, and scientists have in the past tried to explain them in a number of ways, the most popular explanation of which is the 'cellular memory' theorem..."
Nic went on to explain the theory, and then continued.
"...What is remarkable, however, is that suddenly, with the availability of the SP-X4 treatment, such cases have become more like the norm, rather than the exception. I estimate that we will see such incidents reported in about 83% of transplant operations which involve the treatment we have developed."
"What? Why didn't you tell me this before?"
"I did. It was all documented in my last report..."
At the other end of the link, Philip Grant got up from his desk and started to pace. As he walked around the room, the Polycom Eagle Eye camera followed him, keeping him in full view at all times.
"Philip, there is a new development that I felt I needed to make you aware of."
The VP of Sales stopped, turned and stared at the camera.
"What development?"
"One of the patients who had the treatment and has been reporting some major personality changes,... is a reporter. He made an amazing recovery. He had a double kidney transplant and his new kidneys are performing like new. Quite amazing really. Normally when we perform double kidney transplants, we expect the combined effect of both to be slightly better than one normal healthy kidney...here the results are off the charts. Each individual kidney is performing exceptionally well. Truly incredibly."
"So what's the fucking problem then? He should be grateful to be fucking alive! Bloody hell...what do people expect nowadays...!" Philip Grant shouted, waving his hands in the air.
"I'm sure he is grateful. Very. But he is a journalist and he has started to make enquiries to see if any other transplant patients have experienced similar effects. He's written an article for his newspaper, which went viral. People all round the world will probably be responding to his request for any other patients who have had similar experiences to contact him. I can't tell you how many he may already have, or will have...but I would expect that he'll get the feedback, do some more research, start asking more questions, and then who knows what will happen. Thankfully, so far there has not been any mention of SP-X4 in any of the online chat-rooms..."
"What online chat-rooms...?"
"Philip, read the report. Please...it's all in there...You need to read it! You will definitely need to make some high-level executive decisions soon. I think you might need to take some legal advice about our situation...This could get pretty messy if SP-X4 is associated with this sudden new surge of cases."
"Nic, stop the fuck right there. Do you think I'm an idiot? Do you think I don't know what the fucking risks are? I live with those risks every second of every fucking day!"
Nic watched in amazement as he saw Philip Grant instantly turn from white to bright red. 
Philip Grant sat down, and visibly took a long, deep breath.
"Listen Nic, there are things you don't know just now. Things you don't need to know. And we're right in the middle of a world-wide recession. Revenues are down across the board. People are still fucking sick, but the price they pay for their medication is dropping and the competition from the Chinese drug companies is getting worse. We're maybe still the world's most favourite drug company, but customers sure as hell aren't buying our drugs as much as they used to. For the second quarter in a row, profits are down. The stock price has increased, but only because of the promise that SP-X4 offers. The market expects this to be a massive hit and that instead of just rolling it out in five states and a few countries in Europe, that we will release it worldwide in June. As promised. And on time..." Philip Grant paused and took a sip of water from a glass on the table.
"Nic, ...we can't afford NOT to deliver. If we do the market will crucify us. Our shares will go through the floor. Someone else will try to buy us, and creditors will insist on getting paid as soon as possible, instead of being happy with the repayment terms we already have with them. Some of the large investment houses may even pull out their cash. The fact is, that if SP-X4 gives us problems, the company could fail. We're all fucked. You, me, everyone. Do you understand that?"
"Yes, " Nick replied. He hadn't realised that things were obviously much worse for StemPharma than he had thought. 
"Listen...let me think about this. I don't know the answer yet. You may be right. Maybe we need to start making plans to cover ourselves..."
"Philip," Nic lifted his hand at his side of the conference call, signifying that he wanted to interrupt his boss.
"Yes...?"
"We mustn't lose visibility of the fact that the drug treatment does exactly what we say it does. It offers a revolution in the treatment of post-operative care for organ transplant patients. Success rates and the life expectancies of patients have gone through the roof. It is truly amazing!  It's just that, the side effects are also pretty amazing. Almost paranormal..."
"Enough. I get your drift. Let's talk again in a week. Find out what you can about the reporter in Scotland and keep an eye on him."
"Shall I contact him?" 
"Not for now...but I'm thinking it's not in our interest if he prints anything more...monitor the web, the social networking sites, anything, try to gauge what he's going to do next. If necessary, perhaps we will have to persuade him, or work with him to get him on our side...to stop him from taking it any further...We have got to stop him from making any connection with SP-X4. If he does..."
"I understand."
"Good. Get on to it. Send me anything else you think I need to know. I'll read everything. We'll talk again soon. Bye."
Philip Grant leant forward and hit the Polycom console on his desk and the screen went dead. 
.
--------------------
.
In New York, Philip Grant walked back to his office ignoring everyone he passed in the corridor, buzzed back through to his secretary and cancelled his other meetings for the rest of the day.
He pulled down the blinds in his office, typed the password into his desk computer and clicked through to his online account with his stockbroker.
Philip Grant was a big man. He had a big lifestyle. And big debts. Four kids, a wife, and one of the biggest houses that he had ever seen. Not that he spent much time there. He spent all his time working towards his retirement. Travelling, networking, smoozing, making deals. Keeping the credit cards working. Maintaining the lifestyle that his wife and his family expected. 
The truth was that Philip Grant worked hard and had done so for the past twenty years. Thankfully over the past few years he had finally begun to reap the rewards that his progress up the corporate ladder had merited. But the truth was that the more he earned, the more his family spent. He earned a fortune, but now they also spent a fortune. 
His life had become one great big cash flow statement.
What kept Philip Grant going though was his share options.
His stock account verified that he had 1,250,000 share options that would vest on the 16th May. With a current stock price valuation of $32 a share, he stood to make a sizeable fortune. Enough to retire in comfort. Enough to live the life with his family that he had always dreamt of. Enough. And more.
The future of Philip Grant and his family was inexorably linked to the success of SP-X4. 
To Philip Grant it seemed quite clear. 
If the journalist in Scotland wrote anything more about the experiences that he and others were having, then there was a risk that SP-X4 would be dragged into it. It wouldn't take a rocket scientist to make the link. And if that link was made before May 16th, the stock price would crash and Philip Grant's future would be wiped out. 
The VP was a hard man. He had made some pretty tough calls in the past, decisions that other lesser mortals would not have had the balls to make. Philip Grant had what it took to succeed in business and to ensure that his business succeeded.
While Nic White did whatever he could to monitor the problem, Philip Grant needed to remove the problem altogether. 
It was pretty obvious what Philip Grant had to do. 
He had to stop the journalist from printing anything more. 
Pressing a button on his desk that automatically locked the door to his office, Philip Grant pulled out his cell phone and dialled a number that he had memorised many years before.
The man at the other end answered after four rings.
"Hi," Philip said. "Meet me in three hours. I think I have a new job for you."
The man at the other end said 'OK', and Philip Grant hung up.



Chapter 45
New Jersey 
April 26th 
.
.
Grace clicked on the link that her friend Maude had just sent her: "Check this out, Grace! Tell them your story!"
A newspaper article opened up on her iPad and for a few minutes she digested the content, rereading it twice. 
.
"Kidney Transplant Gives Man A New Lease Of Life Without Fear"
.
Earlier this year, after months on a waiting list, a young man in Scotland was given a double kidney transplant. With the help of the staff at the Royal Infirmary of Edinburgh, the patient has made an incredible recovery. He is yet another example of the gift that organ donation can make to the lives of those who are fortunate enough to find a matching donor. 
What makes this particular Scotsman (-let's call him 'Douglas'-)even more remarkable is that upon recovering from the operation, he discovered that the acrophobia (fear of heights) that had limited his lifestyle for many years, had now vanished. In fact, since the operation, Douglas has discovered a love for mountains, and an incredible 'natural' ability to climb. In addition, a previous dislike of spicy food has been replaced by a taste for spicy sausages and hot curries.
Overjoyed with his new lease of life, Douglas has approached the Evening News to highlight the transformational effect that organ donation can have on people's lives, and wishes to express his thanks to the 'fantastic team up at the Royal Infirmary.'
He is also interested in learning from any other people in Scotland, (or the world), who may have had an organ transplant (kidney, heart, liver, lung, cornea) within the past two years, and who may have subsequently experienced any unexplained personality changes or discovered new talents or gifts that they previously did not know they had!
To contact Douglas, please email us here at the Evening News at the address below." 
.
Underneath an email address was highlighted in blue, inviting Grace to click on the link and make contact. 
She stared at the link. 
Wow! There were others. She was not the only one.
She hurried to the kitchen, got herself a glass of hot herbal tea, and sat down at the table, making herself comfortable.
.
"Hi Douglas,
My name is Grace. I live in the US in New Jersey, and last year I received a heart transplant after a long illness. To say that it saved my life would be an understatement. It would be better to describe it as transforming my life. My life is so much better now than it was before. I used to be very shy, have little interest in anything, and had absolutely no musical ability whatsoever. Now I go barn dancing once a week, sing in the local choir, and I am learning to play the piano. I now love meeting new people, and I have spoken publicly about my operation on stage at a medical conference in front of hundreds of people! My relatives can't believe I am the same person. 
Not only do I feel different, I know I am different. It's hard to explain, ...perhaps no one will understand...but I firmly believe that the person I now am is an improved version of the old me, enhanced and made better by the person who gave me this heart. I can feel a warmth inside me that I 'feel' belongs to someone else. It's strange, difficult to describe.
I used to feel lonely. I don't anymore. 
Last month someone who read about my story in the local newspaper wrote to me. I met her.  She explained that her sister had died the day I got my heart transplant and she had donated her organs in the local hospital...my local hospital. She was a music teacher in a school. She taught piano and led the school choir. And she loved to dance.
In fact, it turns out that I am now driving over an hour each way going to the same dancing club that her sister used to attend. I even know some of her old friends now.
Sometimes I think I feel the 'presence' of someone else, but my thoughts are all still my own. I am still me and I don't hear voices in my head, or anything like that.
I love the new me, and I am so, so happy.
Please be aware that you are not alone. There are others like you.
When I received my new heart, I believe that part of the donor came to live in my body. She is now my friend, and I am grateful to her, every single day of my new life.
If you want to talk, please contact me at this address."
Grace read the email a few times, smiled, and hit the "send" button.
.
In the three weeks following the publication of the newspaper article in the Evening News, she was one of just over six hundred and fifty people who contacted Douglas!
.
Each of them had an amazing story to tell. 




Chapter 46
Lochend 
Edinburgh
3 a.m. 
April 27th
.
.
Peter sipped his coffee and touch-typed the memory of his latest dream into his laptop. In the past three days the visions and dreams had returned. 
He now saw things frequently, not only when asleep, but also when walking around or doing other things. When awake, the visions would only last a second or two, and then they would be gone. Often he would be prewarned that one was coming by a shiver as his body shook gently from head to toe, and he had learned to recognise these as an indication of something to come. He would immediately reach for his notebook in his pocket and get ready to make notes. Copious notes. Detailed notes. And often accompanied by sketches of what he had seen.
The visions no longer scared him. He knew and accepted them for what they were,- they were pictures of experiences that did not belong to him and belonged to the past and to another person: but he knew that by understanding them, recording them, examining them, he would be given an incredible opportunity to track down the activities of a serial killer, and even to see through the eyes of a killer as he murdered his victims. 
He was perhaps the first person in the world to experience something like this, and he knew that as a reporter he was uniquely placed with the skill set and motivation to investigate what he saw.
After his talk with Susie he felt a tremendous sense of mission. He had a job to do: he had to track down the killer, and find out what he had done, who he had killed, and where he had killed them: to try to understand the mind of the killer. 
It was also his hope that by tracking down the details of the murders and the murderer that he would be conducting a form of personal exorcism. By understanding everything and 'capturing the killer', perhaps he would in effect be helping to lay the sins of his shared past to rest. 
If he could do this, then he would be able to live with his new self, and the dreams would then stop.
Or at least, so he hoped.
.
--------------------
.
There had been at least two other deaths. Two more murders that he had now seen. And he felt that there were more. A number kept coming into his mind and leaving before he could grab it or see it, but he knew that it was significant. He felt, instinctively, that it was related to the number of murders. The number of people whose lives he had taken.
Both the new visions that he had seen had started as flashing images in his mind, like before. A multitude of pieces of a jigsaw puzzle that slowly found order and meaning and were placed together, until he had a running sequence of moving images that made sense and portrayed in graphic detail the deaths of two attractive young women.
The first vision was about a red head. She spoke with an English accent. Her hair flowed and curled and blew in the wind, and he was chasing her in a field. She carried her shoes in her hands and as she ran away from Peter, she laughed and screamed with pleasure. She wore a short blue denim skirt. A bright vivid blue, just like the summer sky above. 
The grass was long and pretty flowers covered the field. 
Peter chased her, pushing aside long ears of grass as he ran. 
He caught her. He pulled her to the ground. They kissed. For a moment they fought with each other's clothes, the beautiful redhead reaching down and pulling open Peter's belt and opening his trousers. Peter loosened her top and pulled it off, and started to kiss the woman's soft, ample breasts. Impatient now, he lifted her skirt, rolled on top of her and whispered something into her ear that Peter didn't quite understand...either he didn't hear it properly or it was words that he did not understand. He felt himself quickly putting on a condom, and they made love. Afterwards they lay on their backs looking up at the sky.
An airplane crossed high above them, and a vapour trail formed and hung motionless in the deep blue above. 
She curled up beside him in his arms on his left, resting her head on his chest. 
Peter stroked her hair and the soft, warm skin on her cheek.
He held her close to him and kissed her.
At the same time his right hand reached down to his ankle, unclipped a knife and brought it swiftly up to her breasts.
He kissed her again and as her lips parted to let his tongue explore her mouth, he gently eased the knife into her chest, pulling her tightly towards him and preventing her from struggling.
The knife found no resistance. It glided in easily.
Peter felt her struggle against him, but his powerful arms engulfed her, capturing her struggles, cradling her tightly and ensuring that he felt every moment of her last few seconds on this planet. 
Her free hand pulled at his hair, but only for a second or two, and then it began to lose its power, and fell gently to her side...
Peter pulled back from her face, carefully covering her mouth with his hand just in case, and he watched as her eyes began to dull, and the beautiful twinkle left to dance in the sunshine above. 
She was still beautiful. So very beautiful. 
He kissed her gently on the forehead, lay back down on the ground, looked up at the sky and listened to the sound of summer all around him.
The white vapour trail was no longer hovering above them. It had dissipated and gone.
Instead there was just emptiness. A vast, deep, open, blue that went on forever and ever. To the stars and beyond.
He loved this time of year.
.
Then Peter was in a wood, digging. It was dark. He could hear an owl hooting. It was cold.
Blackness. Then he could see again. He was dragging a roll of black rubber matting into a hole. Blackness. His arms felt heavy. He was carrying something. Blackness. He was putting heavy stones on top of the rubber matting. Something cold fell on his right cheek. Rain. It was raining.  More pictures that he didn't yet understand. The smell of grass, and damp earth. A rustle in the bushes or the trees nearby. He felt his heart beating. Another heart, not his...weird...very weird...
He was standing at the base of a cliff. It was cold. He looked up. He could see the dark walls disappearing into the blackness above him. Water. He could hear water. A waterfall.
A sudden realisation: the cold water on his face had not been rain...it was the spray from the waterfall.
A spade, he was carrying a spade...walking through trees...
Inside a car...driving...
He shivered.
.
--------------------
.
The second dream or 'vision' came early one evening while he was reading a newspaper in his flat. 
Her hair was blonde. About twenty-eight years old. There were no lines around her eyes, her skin was smooth. Her eyes were blue. Beautiful light blue. Her lips were red. Not bright red like a rose, but soft, pinkish-red. Soft to touch. Soft to kiss. Her nose was slightly squint, -it must have been broken at some time- but the little twist and bump of the bridge gave her character, and made her somehow more attractive: you wanted to look at her.
Her laugh was contagious. Peter couldn't help but smile slightly when he heard her laugh in his head. 
They were lying on a floor. A television was playing in the room. He could hear moaning. The sounds of sex. Of false love.
The ground was cold. Almost damp, but then Peter moved and he realised it was the cold, clammy, clinging feeling of some form of rubber mat underneath him.
The woman was not naked. She was wearing some form of rubber suit. Peter did not like the touch of it, or the sensation that he felt when he thought of this, when he tried to recall the vision in his mind's eye. 
Peter was naked. 
Peter said something to the woman, and she rose up above him, standing above him and looking down. She looked tall and slender, from where Peter was lying, looking up. He said something else and she sat down on top of him.
He was inside her. They made love. All the time Peter could hear the stupid sounds of others simulating sex in the background. Once he looked over to the television and he realised it was playing some form of porn. 
He looked away, quickly turning his attention back to the woman.
Peter closed his eyes tighter, trying to recall the other things he had seen in the room as he had looked around. 
There was a light on the wall. Not switched on. A sofa behind them. He couldn't see its colour.  There had been blinds on the window. Not curtains. 
It was strange...so very strange...Peter could feel that in his vision he was aroused...he could 'feel' it, sense it...he knew he was enjoying it, but Peter hated this vision. It made him feel uncomfortable to think about it. 
By now Peter was beginning to realise that whoever the murderer was or had been, he must have been very dominant and slightly kinky. This was the second woman that he had killed who had been dressed up to fulfil his fantasy...Or..., or was it the other way around? Was he fulfilling the fantasies of the women? He must not be so quick to judge. 
The dream moved forward. 
The woman had orgasmed and was lying on the floor beside him now. Peter was still aroused.
He stroked her head, and reaching back onto the sofa...it was a white sofa...soft,  enough room for three people, ...he had pulled down a piece of black cloth and offered it to the woman. 
She laughed, took it and wrapped it around her eyes.
A black blindfold. 
Peter started kissing her, caressing her, touching her. He was inside her. 
Blackness. Silence.
He was lying on the floor now. The room was quiet. Beside him the woman was motionless, the blindfold now pulled down over her nose so that Peter could see her eyes. 
A knife protruded from her chest.
Peter stood up and looked down at her body. He walked away from her, into a kitchen. 
Blackness. 
He was sitting on the floor beside her, drinking a cup of coffee. Black. With lots of sugar. Peter grimaced involuntarily as he recalled that part of the dream...he couldn't stand sweet coffee.
The woman was still lying motionless beside him. He reached out to stroke her face. It was still warm.
Peter shivered.
Blackness. 
He was back in his room in Edinburgh.
.
--------------------
.
The vision had stopped now, and Peter felt empty, lost, disgusted. Shaking and feeling weak, he stripped naked, threw all his clothes into the washing machine and starting to wash them clean. 
In the bathroom, the water from the shower cascaded down over his head, and Peter started to cry.
This was going to be much harder than he thought. Perhaps he could not do it after all.
.
When the water turned cold, Peter still felt dirty. Uncomfortable, disturbed. 
Very disturbed.
It was only eight o'clock in the evening, he had not eaten yet, but he climbed into his bed, washed down a tablet with a glass of water, pulled the duvet above his head and closed his eyes.
He slept.


Chapter 47
Royal Infirmary of Edinburgh Renal Unit
The Royal Infirmary of Edinburgh
Dr Jamieson's Office
April 29th
.
.
It was late. Long past time to go home. Another evening when Mrs Jamieson was upset with him, angry that yet again she had had to entertain their dinner guests by herself.
He felt for her. She was a good woman, and he was lucky to have her. 
He had met her on one of his trips back to Jamaica, when he was young and eager to explore his roots and his heritage. They had fallen in love, he had been back and forward to Kingston several times in two years, and then he had proposed.
She had said yes, but had not been so keen to move to England, land of perpetual rain and bland food. She had been even less keen to move to Scotland when he had been offered the role of consultant at the Royal Infirmary. But she had stood by him, as she always did, and she followed him as he advanced up the medical career path.
Perhaps one day, he would take her back to Jamaica, back to the land she loved so much; a new hospital was being built in Kingston, the capital, and there was always a possibility that he could find a senior role there. Maybe not on a permanent basis, but perhaps for a couple of years. 
In the meantime, Stephen Jamieson was determined to focus on the opportunity that God had given him by serving both Him and the people of Scotland in the best way he knew how: by saving the lives of as many people as he could and administering the best possible care to his patients. 
Stephen loved medicine. He loved people. He was fascinated by nature, its mysteries, its beauty, its simplicity and yet at the same time, its incredible complexity, a paradox that had kept him wondering all his life. He loved the mysteries of life that science was helping unravel on an almost daily basis, and the new tools that science was giving people like him to help heal the sick and make them well.
Stephen Jamieson was a believer. He believed in God. But he also believed in Man, made in God's image, each person carrying that incredible touch of magic that somehow was breathed into them at the time of their conception and then vanished at the moment of their passing.
Life was a mystery. Life was mysterious. Life is amazing.
It is precious. 
Each and every person that came to Stephen for his help became part of his existence while he strove to do the best that he possibly could for them.
He never judged them...no, that was not true...increasingly he was finding it harder to tolerate those that came to him, ill and smoking cancer sticks every day, who then refused to kick the habit. 
Smoking was one of his worst enemies. He hated it. And as he got older, increasingly he was finding it harder to like smokers. 

The phone rang, dragging his wandering, tired thoughts back to reality. He had been waiting for the call for over an hour, and as he picked up the receiver he hoped the annoyance would not show in his voice.
"Hello, this is Philip Grant of the StemPharma Corporation in New York. May I speak to Prof Stephen Jamieson please?"
"Hello Mr Grant, this is Stephen here. I'm so glad you were able to call me back. I've been looking forward to speaking with you."
"It's a pleasure. How can I help? I'm guessing it is very late over there...you are in Scotland, right? That's about six hours ahead of here?" the VP of Sales and Marketing for StemPharma asked. 
"Five. But it's okay, your secretary said this would probably be the only time I could speak with you this week, and I wanted to speak with you sooner rather than later."
"So, how can I help?"
"I don't know if your secretary passed on my professional profile I emailed over to her, but in case she didn't, perhaps I should explain that I am one of the resident renal consultants here up at the Royal Infirmary of Edinburgh. We treat hundreds of patients here each year, and we are one of the six hospitals in Scotland that is now using your limited release of SP-X4 to treat organ transplant patients."
At the other end of the phone, Philip Grant coughed and reached for a glass of water. 
"And how are you finding it, Mr Jamieson?" the VP of Sales asked. 
"It's an incredible treatment. Absolutely amazing. Rejection rates are almost non-existent now, and a full recovery amongst all our patients is becoming commonplace. What's more, the speed by which they recover is particularly impressive."
"Good. That's what I was hoping you would say. Everyone is reporting similar feedback. The treatment is being universally hailed as the biggest breakthrough in postoperative care for organ transplantation in years. We are very proud of it."
"And so you should be. It's certainly transforming the whole field," the doctor replied, then pausing for a second, before continuing. "...The thing is, though, almost all of the patients I am caring for have been reporting symptoms and experiences following the operation that I now find rather concerning."
"Such as, what?" The VP interjected quickly,"...although I must say that I am a little confused here. I thought you just said that the drug treatment was amazing, and that full recoveries amongst patients were now commonplace. Are the patients complaining? What have they got to complain about?"
"Please, if you let me give you some examples of the experiences that patients are reporting, I am sure you will understand. And, to answer your other question, patients are not complaining. They are all happy with their progress. The things is though, that..." , and Professor Jamieson then went on to explain the symptoms that his patients had been reporting.  "On the internet, it is relatively easy to find other patients who have reported similar symptoms in the past, although there have been few recent cases reported and such experiences have historically been relatively few and far between. A common theory for them is given under the popular 'cellular memory' concept, which I won't explain to you because I am sure that you are already familiar with it?" the doctor said, almost asked, testing the man at the other end of the phone to see if he would rise to the bait.
Philip Grant did not respond. He was not so stupid as to admit that he was aware of the explanations for such experiences, because to do so would be to associate SP-X4 with the necessity to be aware of such things, and then the next question would be to ask him if he was aware of such experiences amongst other patients of SP-X4.
Instead, he denied it. "Sorry, I am not, but I will look it up afterwards. I am sure it will make interesting reading."
"Please do so Mr Grant. The thing is, all this leads to some questions from myself. For example, last week there were three new reported cases of, shall we call it 'cellular memory' syndrome? All very interesting in their own right, but collectively, when added to the other cases I have already, perhaps rather concerning..."
"In what way?" Philip Grant replied, stalling for time.
"Simply, in that it would seem that whereas such phenomena were relatively scarce in the past, suddenly with SP-X4, they would seem to be the norm. Obviously, that leads me to wonder, what percentage of organ transplant recipients in the rest of the trials you have conducted or are conducting, also report such experiences back to you? And then also, what is it about SP-X4 that makes this happen? I was hoping that you could perhaps help me understand more about the drugs involved in the treatment, how they work, and what the possible answers and explanations for my questions are?"
Philip Grant was silent. Thinking. He had started to sweat. He reached up and undid his shirt collar, removing his tie, and slipping his jacket off his shoulders on to the table in front of him.
"Mr Grant?...Are you there?" the consultant in Scotland asked.
"...Yes..., sorry, yes I am. I was just looking quickly at some of my notes in the SP-X4 file...trying to find out anything that might help you...Of course, you will understand that I cannot reveal or share with you any confidential information about the treatment, so I can't really answer your questions without being fired by my company for breaking my contract."
"Mr Grant, please understand...I am only thinking of the best interests of my patients... The treatment your company produces is proving to be a lifesaver, but I am responsible for overseeing the trial of the drug in this hospital, and I am influential within the British National Health Service. I have concerns. Something is happening to patients who take this treatment: something extraordinary, almost paranormal. And I have to understand it. I have to be sure that what we are seeing here is not a precursor of something more sinister to come. If my concerns keep growing, and I don't find answers to allay my fears, then I will have to recommend a full review of its usage by the NHS. And soon."
Silence at the other end of the phone. Philip Grant was wondering if he had been wrong to take this call. He had only accepted it because it was from Scotland, and because that was where the reporter had written from. He had wanted to see if the call had been connected to the article. Plus, it was actually his job to receive such calls that had been escalated up to him. Luckily, the doctor had not mentioned the article being published in the Scottish newspaper.
"Mr Grant? If you wish, I would consider signing another Non Disclosure Agreement in relation to the details of the treatment? I just need to know more about it. What is in the drug? How does it work? Why does it have this effect?"
"Let me think about that, Dr Jamieson. I will talk to our lawyers, ...see if I can arrange something."
"Maybe meanwhile you could put me in contact with one of the scientists who developed it? Or get him on a call with us?"
"And our lawyers...perhaps...Got to keep them in the loop!"
"If you say so."
A pause.
"Mr Grant...can you please at least tell me, are you experiencing these symptoms and getting this feedback from others?"
Silence at the other end. Philip Grant could not admit that in the past two weeks he had had similar conversations with others.
Without thinking, Philip Grant looked across at the calendar on the wall above his desk. May 16th was still over two weeks away. Could he keep the lid on the cauldron which was beginning to boil until then? Would be able to sell his shares and invest his retirement fund before the problems with SP-X4 went public?
"Mr Grant? Are you still there?" the doctor prodded, beginning to get annoyed. "I think I should also point out that a reporter in Scotland recently placed a request in the media for patients experiencing any form of post-transplant cellular memory phenomena to contact him? Perhaps he is planning to write something about this. I was wondering, that perhaps if StemPharma weren't willing to help answer questions that the field trials are bringing up, that maybe I should have a discussion with the reporter to see if we can pool our research and..."
"Stop. Please, Dr Jamieson... That will obviously not be necessary. I would also not advise any such course of action...it's probably contrary to the legal stuff the lawyers would have drawn up, when you signed up to participate in the field trial. Actually, let me also stress that this is not a field trial, as you keep referring to it as. They were conducted a while back, with no reason for any concerns, and the treatment was given the full blessing of the US Food and Drug Administration to be released as a perfectly safe commercial product...The treatment is perfectly safe. Perfectly. But since you have asked, I will talk to my team and see if I can get the go ahead to arrange a conference call with you and my team, so that we can help find answers to your questions."
Philip Grant looked across at his calendar again. Playing for time he said, "How about in two weeks time...that might work...can I get back to you with some suggested times?"
"Please, that would be good, but a week would be better." Dr Jamieson replied. "Thank you for your time today. I look forward to speaking with you again soon!"
.
After he hung up, Philip Grant pushed back in his chair, looked up at the ceiling and closed his eyes.
"Fuck!" he swore quietly to himself. "Fuck, fuck, fuck!"
He glanced across at his calendar again. 
Perhaps taking the call with the doctor in Scotland was not a mistake after all. If Dr Jamieson in Scotland was going to be a problem, it would be wise to keep in contact with him, to understand what was going on, so that he could best manage the situation. 
The VP of Sales had no intention of sharing any secrets with some jumped up consultant who wanted to play god with his company. The big question for now though was could he delay their meeting, and then intentionally postpone it and delay it again until after May 16th?" 
String him along until whatever was revealed about SP-X4 couldn't stop Philip Grant from hitting the jackpot with his vested shares on May 16th?
At the moment, it was the best plan he had.
..
The phone rang deep in the underground bunker, and Nic White reached across his lab bench and picked it up.
"Nic? Hi,...Philip Grant here...Any news on what's causing all the shit with SP-X4? ...Possibly? That's good! Listen, I'll give you another week, and then I want you here in New York to explain to me personally what's going on with SP-X4. You'd better have some good answers. And I mean good. People are beginning to ask questions. Decontamination? Fuck that, fuck the procedure. Just get here and bring me some answers. My secretary will send you details of the meeting later. Make sure you are here, okay?"
Before Nic could say another word, the line went dead.
Nic returned to his work. Smiling.
He wasn't going to New York. He wasn't going anywhere. No one ever broke decontamination and quarantine rules, and Philip Grant knew that.
He peered down through the electron microscope, staring at the image at the other end. 
If his boss had just given him the chance, Nic would have explained to him that he was onto something big. His hunch about what was happening with SP-X4 was beginning to develop into something far more. The gut feeling was progressing well along the road from gut feel to idea to hypothesis to thesis. 
If the image that Nic was looking at in the microscope was correct, it was just possible that Nic knew what was going on with SP-X4.
.
And it was incredible.


Chapter 48
The Meadows
Edinburgh 
April 30th
.
.
Susie was sitting on a park bench in the middle of the Meadows, a large expanse of wide open grassland criss-crossed by tree lined paths situated just south of the city centre of Edinburgh. It was one of her favourite places. She loved to come and sit here and watch life go by, especially during the Festival Season when the city came alive, bustling and thronging with tourists from all over the world.
She was sitting reading a selection of the emails that she and Peter had received from transplant patients around the world.
The stories that patients of transplant operations were telling them were amazing. Her initial disbelief and scepticism in the experiences that people were reporting had been replaced with an eagerness to learn more. To share with these people what they were experiencing, and to understand it all. 
She was amazed by the pattern that was arising from the stories she was reading.
Quite simply put, it seemed that there was more to life than she had ever believed. Life, it appeared, went beyond the simple death of our physical bodies: when one body died, a life could be continued in another, lifted from the former, and put into the latter.
Or at least, that was what seemed to be happening here. 
But was the effect permanent? How long did it last for?
And why were none of the organ recipients complaining about the paranormal experiences they were having? Universally they all seemed happy with the experience.
How would Susie feel if that happened to her, God forbid that it ever should.
And then a strange thought entered her brain and wormed around, demanding decent consideration: "If I were to die, should I donate my organs so that I could perhaps be given the opportunity to live again in another body?"
The thought both scared and excited her. Was it really possible?
Another question: "When the organ recipient received an organ and began to experience personality changes, or sense the presence of another person, were they just experiencing the effects of some magical chemical phenomena, something that happened as a result of memories encoded within the neuropeptides from their donors which were then released within their new bodies... or...or were they actually having paranormal, supernatural experiences that went beyond anything any human being yet understood? Was this finally proof of life after death, or the existence of a soul?"
Susie wanted to know. 
Needed to know.
Two years ago her mother had died. A heart attack in Sainsbury's. One minute she was picking out a nice piece of broccoli, and the next she was lying flat on the ground, her body full of nothing. Empty. Dead. 
Susie missed her. She had not fully come to terms with her death, and perhaps she would never would. Her father, on the other hand, believed firmly in God, and since her parting had spent more and more time going to Church and visiting the grave, talking to her gravestone for hours on end. "She can hear me!", he insisted. At first Susie had argued with him, but then she had decided that if that was his way of dealing with her death, then good for him. But now,...now for the first time, she wondered if maybe he was not so wrong after all. 
She wiped the tears away from her eyes and read the email in her hand one more time.
It was from a mother and father in Baltimore, Maryland, somewhere on the east coast of America. They had received five emails from people in or around Baltimore, but this was so far definitely her favourite of the group.
The parents had had a little girl, Mary. Aged six. Mary had been diagnosed with kidney failure and died a few months later. Her heart had been donated to another child in Baltimore the same age as Mary. The recipient child, Alice, had made an amazing recovery, but had quite quickly begun to show the now classic signs of personality change resulting from the donated organ. Nothing bad, all good, but still amazing.
As was becoming commonplace in these stories, in an effort to understand what was happening to their daughter, the parents of Alice had tracked down the parents of Mary, and they had exchanged conversations and emails. Eventually they had met. 
It seemed that Alice had immediately recognised the parents of Mary, had hugged and kissed them upon first meeting, and called them 'Mummy' and 'Daddy'. She had also continued to call her own parents just 'Mum' and 'Dad', and there seemed to be no decrease in the love Alice felt for her real parents. And incredibly, there seemed to be no jealously between the parents.
They became friends.
Alice's parents had moved to the US five years before from Germany, and had very few friends in the US. A bond grew between the parents, and soon Alice's parents invited Mary's parents to become her godparents. They accepted.
Two months later, the parents of Alice were killed in a car accident. Alice survived. 
With no immediate relations able to take over responsibility of Alice, the parents of Mary approached the court and applied to adopt her. Although the background circumstances were rather peculiar, the judge had been convinced by arguments from the lawyers that the parents of Mary would offer a caring and loving home for Alice.  
Custody was later awarded to Mary's parents, on condition that Alice was allowed to continue her education in the school she was already attending, and that the parents agreed to regular counsellor visits to ensure that they were accepting and caring for Alice as Alice, and not as Mary.
The parents agreed, sold their house and moved to the neighbourhood where Alice had been living. Together they created a new family, and since then have been progressing well. 
At first, Alice used to speak regularly of the things that Mary had done in her life, without any possible way of her knowing such facts. 
With the passing of time, she spoke less of Mary, and she was now growing into a happy, confident child. Mary's parents reported that Alice had adopted and continued to demonstrate certain characteristics that Mary used to have: her laugh, the way she sucked honey from a spoon (Alice had never shown an interest in honey before), and the way she skipped and liked to play with her pet dog, Tilly, which was another amazing story in itself. When Mary had died, Tilly had become withdrawn, sad, and had become scared of strangers. If she had been a human being, a doctor would have diagnosed clinical depression. Yet, the day that Alice had walked up the garden path for the first time, even before they had opened the garden gate, Tilly had jumped out of her basket in the kitchen, ran out of the back door, around the garden to the front of the house, jumped up into Alice's arms and started licking her face. From that moment forward, Tilly had been her old self. In the eyes of Mary's parents, it seemed that Tilly had recognised Mary within Alice, or perhaps Tilly saw Mary, and not Alice...? Who knows? Whatever sixth sense that dogs possess, something strange and beyond rational explanation had taken place. They had witnessed it, and they couldn't explain it.
"We know that Alice is not Mary," the email concluded. "We know that. We still miss Mary every single day of our lives. But, and this is difficult to describe and perhaps no one else will understand it, we feel that Mary is happy with what has happened. Sometimes we sense her, that perhaps she is still here. For a while we worried about what we had done. Then five weeks ago, Alice came to us in the middle of the night, and slept between us in our bed, just like Mary used to do. As she fell asleep between us, she kissed us both on our noses,...just like Mary used to do...it was so strange, but also so beautiful...Alice reached out to each of us, stroked each of our cheeks, smiled, and then said, quite simply "Goodbye." 
The next morning Alice woke up between us, and said, "Mummy, Daddy, Mary has gone to Heaven now. " 
We cried. A lot. 
And then we hugged our beautiful new daughter. Alice."
.
--------------------
.
Susie looked at her watch. She still had three hours to kill before her self-defence class started. She loved her class. Not only was it helping build her self-confidence again, after she got mugged last year, but it was genuinely teaching her lots of very simple ways to defend herself, should the situation ever arise again. It was incredible how effective the simplest of moves could be, if only you knew how; which thanks to the class, Susie now did!
With so much time on her hands, Susie walked from the Meadows, up the tree lined path that took her past the back of the McEwan Hall, the graduation hall of Edinburgh University, and then across the road down past Greyfriars Kirk. When she got to the statue of Greyfriars Bobby outside the Kirk, she paused, trying to decide whether to walk down to the Grassmarket at the base of Edinburgh Castle, or to continue along, past the Central Library, across the Royal Mile, and then down into Princes Street.
Susie liked to walk. It helped her to think.
And right now, she had a lot to think about. 
The feedback they had got from patients responding to their request for personal experiences had really moved her. The story of Mary and Alice was just one example of many that had touched her. 
At the heart of it all though was her growing desire to know more about the human soul. Did it exist? Was it real? And if it was, what 'on earth' was it?
As she walked through the streets of Edinburgh she thought. And as she thought she realised that formulating the question was easy...getting an answer would probably be impossible. Throughout the history of mankind, how many people had asked that same question? How many millions of minds had already searched for the answer but failed?
She knew she needed to speak to someone about it though. Even if no one could help her in her holy quest, she still needed to talk. To someone.
But who?

As she stood beside the statue of Greyfriars Bobby, the famous little dog that had visited the grave of its master every day for the rest of its life after his master had died, her eyes were caught by a movement in the graveyard of the Kirk behind. She looked up and saw the figure of the Minister of the Kirk coming down the red gravel path towards her.
Susie smiled.
"Excuse me," she said, as the Minister approached. "I was wondering if you had a moment to help an inquisitive prodigal daughter find an answer to a very simple question?"
The minister smiled. "Hmmm...That sounds ominous,...but also intriguing," he replied. "And what would that question be?"
Susie looked around herself for a second, suddenly wondering just how daft she was going to sound.
"My soul. Your soul. What is it? And what happens to it when we die?"
The minister smiled again, and laughed.
"Wow. That's a good question. A very good question..." 
Susie saw the minister glance at his watch, then look quickly along the street towards the Royal Mile.
"Actually, I've got a few minutes free just now. Do you want to grab a coffee? I think it would be better to sit down and chat, rather than try to find an answer to your question out here..."
"Thanks, I would like that." Susie replied, and a few minutes later she was sitting opposite a church minister, deep in conversation. Fascinated.


Chapter 49
Lochend 
Edinburgh
April 30th
.
.
The Internet is a wonderful thing. Wonderful. When Peter finally sat down at his desk, prepared to search the world looking at pictures of every single pedestrian footbridge in existence...if that's what it was going to take..until he could finally find a picture of a bridge that matched the one he had captured in his mind, he was amazed when after only ten minutes of looking at the vast selection of pictures of bridges that Google threw at him for his perusal, that he struck gold.
Eureka.
According to a picture that had popped up in his search engine window, the bridge that he had seen in his dream was called the 'Iron Bridge'. Clicking on a link on that page, it took him to Wikipedia which happily informed Peter that the "Iron Bridge was the first arch bridge in the world to be made of cast iron" and crossed the River Severn in Shropshire, England...in the rather aptly named town of Ironbridge in the Ironbridge Gorge near Telford.
He spent the next hour surveying every single internet site that he could find that came up in any search relating to 'Iron Bridge' or the 'Iron Bridge' near Telford, printing off hundreds of different pictures of the bridge. It was only when his printer ran out of ink, and refused to help him carry on the search that Peter agreed to call it a day. 
Picking up all the photographs and cutting them out, he arranged them all on the floor in front of his TV set, trying to select the photographs that best captured the bridge from the angle that most closely matched the picture in his mind. Out of all the photographs that he had taken, he eventually picked only eight. He gathered the rest of them up and put them in a folder which he hid away in a cupboard.
Sitting with the four photographs in his hand, he poured himself a drink, sat down on his sofa, and stared at them.
Although Peter was a hundred percent sure that it was the same bridge, none of the photographs showed the bridge from the exact angle he had seen in his mind. They were all taken too low down. Pictures for postcards or promotional photographs. Sadly none of them had been taken by a murderer leaning out of a window, while a freshly butchered corpse lay patiently on the bed behind him. 
Peter shuddered.

Over the past few days he had started to have new visions. As before, at first, everything that he had seen was jumbled, confused, nonsensical, but as time passed the images had solidified, assembling themselves together into a sequence that made sense. 
Actually, that was a lie. 
They made no sense. None at all.
In fact, they made so little sense that he had not yet even told Susie about it. Peter was confused and he didn't want Susie to start doubting him, or wondering if he was beginning to lose it. He needed Susie to believe him. He couldn't do this himself.
So, when Peter finally realised that the new vision or dream sequence depicted another murder, but this time of a man, a German soldier from the Second World War, he began to question himself. He didn't need Susie to do that too.
It got worse.
In this new experience that was freshly delivered to the mind's eye of Peter Nicolson, reporter extraordinaire, clairvoyant and madman, Peter was dressed as an American GI.
He was lying on top of a German soldier, slowly pushing a knife into the man's chest.
He could feel the German's rotten breath on his own face, and he could see the German's eyes as he died and the lights slowly went out.
And then he was digging in a forest. A dark forest, at night time. Burying the poor bastard that he had just killed.
Why would an American GI bury a German soldier? Since when did the  American Cavalry ride over the brow of the hill, kill the Germans and then bury them neatly and tidily before moving on to Berlin?
There was something else though that confused Peter even more.
The current theory that Susie and he had agreed upon was that the experiences/ visions/ brutal murders that he was seeing in his mind's eye were experiences that previously belonged to the person whose kidneys now lived in Peter's abdomen.
Although his renal consultant Dr Jamieson was reluctant to reveal any personal details of the kidney donor, it was Peter's impression that the kidneys he had received were in quite good shape and were from a young to middle-aged man.
Okay, so if the Second World War with the Germans ended in 1945, how on earth could the previous owner of his kidneys have fought and killed Germans in hand-to-hand combat in a war that ended over sixty seven years ago? It just didn't make sense!
Unless he was now remembering the experiences of the father of the person whose kidneys he now had?
Was that possible?
Fuck, if so, when was this thing going to stop? 
Was he going to wake up tomorrow remembering in great detail how he killed the Romans as they swept up the beaches to invade England? 
The whole thing was beginning to make him sick. 
It had to stop. 

Two days ago he had been back up to see good old Dr Jamieson in the hospital. A fat lot of good that had been. Peter hadn't told him everything about seeing the murders in his mind, but he had told him that he had begun to see flashbacks to a life that was not his own, to places and people and events that disturbed and confused him.
The consultant had been sympathetic. He seemed genuinely concerned. But he had continued to insist that it must be a hallucinogenic effect of the immunosuppressant drugs... the same old crap that he had trotted out the last time they had discussed it.
Peter doubted very much it had anything to do with the drugs.  He had countered by mentioning 'cellular memory' to him, and he was sure that he had seen the consultant visibly flinch before regaining his composure.
"Ah...'cellular memory'...yes, I have heard of that. Although I think that is more of an urban legend than a scientific explanation. No, don't worry about it, Peter. I'm sure that this will all settle down soon. Give it a couple more months and then we'll see."
Peter was surprised that the consultant hadn't said "...there's a lot of it going around. Take an aspirin and go to bed for a day or two..."'
Peter had practically begged for more information about his kidney donor: his name, age, nationality, where he died, how he died, anything he could get. But the consultant had simply looked at the notes in his folder, and apologised. "I am sorry, there is nothing we can tell you at this moment in time, without the approval of the deceased's parents or family, and I am afraid that it seems that such permission has still not yet been granted."
"Can you please, please try to get it for me?"
"Yes. I will try to find out more..."
It was so frustrating. Peter knew that a lot of the details he wanted to know were already written down in the folder on the consultant's desk: instead of having to search across half the world trying to find out who the murderer within his body was, the consultant could provide the donor's identity to Peter then and there!
Bureaucracy. Peter hated bureaucracy. 
Peter was furious.
Yet, when he had left the hospital and calmed down, he knew that the consultant was partially right. There was nothing the consultant could do, and he was doing the right thing by not sharing details of the deceased with him. The process was there to protect people, and had to be respected.
On the other hand, the information was there. It was only a question of getting the correct permission to access it.
Peter would get it. One way or the other.

On the way home from the hospital Peter had thought about it more. Peter had not told the consultant everything. He had a good reason for that. Peter was a reporter. He found stories, and reported them. That was what he did.
And the story that Peter and Susie were working on together, he smiled when he thought of her helping him, was a cracker. Okay, it was perhaps a little too close to home for comfort, but when this was all done, when he had all the information he needed, this was going to make an award winning front page story. The stuff that every reporter's dreams were made of: a serial killer, not yet discovered, a trail of bodies, not yet discovered, a paranormal phenomena that almost no one knew about, a conspiracy cover up? (perhaps...he would need to look into that one more), and a happy ending (well, it would be once he stopped having these bloody dreams and visions) with the hero at the centre of the story leading a healthy, happy life and living till 100 years old! (Hopefully.)
For now, he was going to keep the story to himself.
So what next?
Aha...the simple part: just find a couple of dead bodies and catch -sorry, identify- the killer. 
It was just as he was parking his car outside his flat in Lochend that he asked himself the question: "What happens if and when I find a dead body? How will I explain it? Will the police arrest me and charge me with the murder? "
Ouch.
He hadn't thought of that one.
.
--------------------
.
When he got in the door, Peter sat down at his dining room table and started to sketch out a plan. It was time to get organised.

Step 1: Identify the bridge in the dream
Step 2: Contact Angus, the policeman who had saved his life, take him out for a drink, and seek advice on how to find a body without being charged for its murder!
Step 3: Organise and take further extended leave from work...hopefully his boss would let him take it without firing him, on the promise of an exciting story at the end of it!
Step 4: Pack and go on a road trip. Travel down to the bridge, wherever it was, and find the house where the woman in his dreams was murdered.
Step 5: Find the body. 
Step 6: Find that name of the killer. 
Step 7: Live happily ever after.

Step 1 had been much easier than expected. "Ironbridge, here I come!" he said to himself as he ticked that one off the list.
Now for Step 2. Sergeant Angus was on duty when Peter called and promised to get back to him later. When he did they arranged to meet up in Cameron's favourite pub, 'Bannermans' in the Cowgate in the middle of Edinburgh for an evening drink and a chat. Peter was also keen to get an update on the Craigmillar Estate: on strict instructions from his Editor and his mum Rachele, after his operation he had kept well clear of the place so that he could keep his stress levels down.
Sergeant Angus was a few minutes late, turning up at 9.45 p.m. instead of the arranged 9.30 p.m. As he got the first round in, Peter apologised for having such a poor response to the article they had placed to try and get the stolen Victoria Cross back. No one had come forward with either the VC or any information regarding who had taken it or where it was.
Sadly, it looked like old Mr Wallace would probably never see his Victoria Cross again. Either the thief didn't know what the value of it was, or most likely it was already in the hands of a private collector, probably somewhere abroad.
Peter soon discovered from Sergeant Angus that life on the estate had got worse. The boys from Portobello had moved in, and drugs were now popping up everywhere. Not surprisingly, crime and petty theft had increased: drug users needed quick fixes, and in their search for immediate satisfaction, they stole from their neighbours, often getting violent in the process. As Peter had feared, the neighbourhood in Craigmillar was on the edge of imploding inward upon itself.
"And what about Big Wee Rab?" Peter had asked, a surge of anger flooding through him just at the mere thought of the big bastard that had tried to kill him.
"No one has seen him. He's just vanished. The word on the street is that the competing gang from Portobello has killed him, clearing away rival management and allowing them to take over. Big Wee Rab, for all that was bad about him, was pretty much harmless in comparison with the professionals down in Portobello. I would almost miss him if it were not from the daily reminder I get from my ribs when I move too fast!"
"Do you buy that? That he's dead?" Peter asked, another wave of anger surging through him. Until now, Peter had consciously made an effort not to think of the ignoramus who had tried to kill him, but with Sergeant Angus announcing the possibility that he may be dead, a picture of Big Wee Rab popped into his mind. Instantly, Peter was angry. Big Wee Rab was the reason that Peter was in this ridiculous situation just now, why old Mr Wallace had been mugged and burgled, and why the Sergeant was still in such pain from his bruised ribs.
"No...Mr Wallace thinks it was him who stole the Victoria Cross. He might be right. In which case I think he has left town. Gone somewhere else, anywhere else, along as it's far, far away from here," the Sergeant replied. "He probably also thinks that we suspect it was him that burgled Mr Wallace's place, and he'll worry that we might have some evidence. Bearing in mind that he is currently out on parole, the Court will throw the book at him. No...Rab's not dead... He's probably alive and kicking somewhere in England by now. If he's smart...which is dubious...he won't come back here in a hurry."
It came from out of nowhere, a sudden vision that shocked Peter in its intensity.
It was like a little movie that ran deep inside Peter's mind. One minute he was busy talking to Sergeant Angus, and then the next, he could see Big Wee Rab lying on the ground, sprawled out, probably unconscious. Peter was sitting on his chest. There was a gleaming knife in his hand. Peter reached forward, grabbed Rab's head, pulled it upwards, and stuck the knife in the side of Rab's throat. He pulled the knife around and underneath the front of Rab's jaw, slicing open his gullet from ear to ear. Blood started spurting everywhere...Peter reached up to wipe the blood from his eyes.
"Are you okay?"Sergeant Angus asked.
Peter blinked.
"Fuck..., no..., I mean, I don't know...give me a minute..." Peter replied.
He blinked again and looked around. The vision was gone. 
What the hell was that about?
It could not have been a vision of the past, so what did it mean? Was it a premonition of the future?
"I'm sorry,...I'll be back in a second," Peter excused himself, getting up and making his way to the toilet, where he splashed his face with cold water and put some down the back of his neck. A few moments later he was sitting down opposite Sergeant Angus again.
"Listen, Sergeant Angus...you saved my life, so in a way I think there is some sort of bond between us now. I need to talk to someone in the police force about something, and it dawned upon me that I should just talk to you. I want to tell you something, but before I do, I need you to promise me, and I mean promise me, that you will not do anything with the information I give you, unless I give you permission to do so....Do you agree?"
"That's okay for you to ask, journalists are always protecting their sources...it's what you do. But I can't promise that until I know what you have done? If you've broken the law, then I'm obligated to ..."
"I've not done anything...that's the point. I just need to find out what someone else has done, and I don't want to get the blame for it..."
"Sounds ominous...Why not just tell me what this is about, and I will promise you that I will do my best to help you if I can. That's the most I can do for now..."
Peter was silent for a moment. Thinking. Weighing it all up.
"Okay, okay. I'll tell you everything. Honestly, I've not done anything wrong. But if I'm successful over the next couple of days, I might end up with a dead body in my possession, and I need advice on what to do with it, when I find it..."

Over two pints of beer and a couple of orange juices, Peter spent the next thirty minutes telling Sergeant Angus everything. When he was finished, Sergeant Angus was as white as a sheet.

Chapter 50
Willow Farm Commune 
Wales 
3.05 p.m.
May 1st
.
.
Big Wee Rab had done some bad things in his life. He knew that now. But thanks to the angels at the Willow Farm Commune he also knew that there was nothing that God would not forgive, if Rab asked for forgiveness. 
He just had to ask. 
To feel sorry for what he had done. To understand how his victims might feel as a result of 'the old Rab's' actions. To see things from their perspective.
In the quiet times that they were all encouraged to take, Rab began to think about old Mr Wallace. He knew that the right thing to do was to give the medal back. And he knew that he would do it. 
The question was: 'how?'
Perhaps the best way to do it would be to give it to him face-to-face, to confess to him what he had done, and to say he was 'sorry'.
That would probably be the 'right' thing to do. 
The only problem was that if he did do that, there was a strong possibility that the local constable would then also be quite happy to accompany him to the police station, shake him by the hand, thank him for the confession, and then lock him up until he was fifty years old. 
Another possibility would be to post it to him with a wee note to say 'sorry'. The only problem with that plan was that if the parcel got lost in the post, Mr Wallace would never get the medal back, and never get the apology. He would never know that Rab was sorry.
Of course, there was one other possibility that would work. Rab could take it back himself, put it just outside his front door with a note, ring the bell, and then run away as fast as possible. Just like they used to do when they were kids, running up to doors, ringing the bells, and then scarpering. 
There was however another factor that needed further consideration.
Rab did want to give the medal back, and he was sorry. But, was he so sorry that he wanted to give up the £5000 reward that the Evening News was offering for its safe return? 
£5000 was an awful lot of money. That was enough money and more for him to get to the south of France and start his new life. Was there any way that he could return the medal, claim the reward and still be sorry?
Perhaps, but as of yet, Rab had not figured it out.
He needed to think about it some more.
.
--------------------
.
A hundred and fifty miles away, Peter switched on his windscreen wipers and started to wipe the drizzle away so that he could seen the signpost ahead.
'Ironbridge... 2 miles'. 
He was there. Almost.
He indicated right at the next junction, moved off and then started to course his way downhill as he entered the Iron Bridge Gorge. Small cottages punctuated the road on either side of him, and curving tree branches above formed a tunnel through which he drove slowly downhill. At the bottom of the road, he turned right past a pub on the corner, and started the final drive into the village. He had only gone a couple of hundred metres before the old Victorian buildings on his left suddenly stopped, revealing a wide expanse of forest, a small ravine with a river in the middle, and at the centre of it all, a metal pedestrian bridge that crossed the river beneath. 
The second that Peter saw it he knew that this was the one: the bridge that had dominated his dreams. 
A horn peeped behind him, and he realised that he had slowed down to look and was now holding up the traffic. Looking quickly about him, he saw that twenty metres ahead there was a row of empty parking spaces on the right side of the road, facing a line of old Victorian cottages that had been converted into little tourist shops.
He pulled into one of the spaces, grabbed his camera and small rucksack and stepped out, making his way quickly back to the bridge.
As he passed a large gastro pub on his left, built around an old pebbled courtyard, a vision of a woman popped into his mind. A pretty woman, but no sooner had it appeared than it was gone.
He recognised her immediately. It was the woman in the bedroom that he had murdered. He turned to look at the pub. Had he been here in this gastro-pub with that woman? When? The day he killed her, or sometime before? How did he know her? Was she a girlfriend or a one-night stand? A prostitute? Who was she?
He shook his head and started to walk towards the bridge again.
A voice called his name. Only it was not his name. It was something else, which he didn't quite make out. 
Involuntarily his head turned in response to the call, but when he spun around there was no one there. No one had called his or any other person's name. Behind him the nearest person was about forty metres away. 
Had he imagined the voice? Was it a memory from the past, or did it happen just now?
He turned once more towards the bridge and carried on.
Checking the traffic on either side of him he crossed the road, and within seconds was walking across the river, suspended high above its cold, dark waters by the metal support of the world's very first iron bridge.
In the middle of the bridge he turned around to look at the side of the river he had just come from.
Suddenly there was an incredible, overpowering sense of déjà vu. But it was different than that: it wasn't a feeling as if he had been here before. It was a feeling of certainty, a feeling of complete and absolute fact that Peter had been here before. Even lived here. 
Instinctively he knew that if he now looked to his left and further down the river on the left hand side, that he would see large, brick cooling towers. 
He did. And not surprisingly, they were there.
In front of him, rows of cottages hung to the side of the gorge which sloped steeply up the hill. 
Behind him on the other side of the bridge, there was open space that went up to a forest...As he looked at the forest he felt a chill pass through him. There was something about that forest, something special, even threatening...he didn't know what yet, but the forest was in some way significant...and he knew he would have to discover why.
His heart was beating faster now, and he felt clammy and slightly dizzy.
Looking up at the forest, immediately his eyes were drawn to the left, to a small group of buildings that hung to this side of the gorge. It was as if he was looking for a building, a house, something specific, amongst the group. His eyes focussed on a small building at the top of the hill, in the middle of the last row of houses. 
He shivered. 
Peter was shaking now. Sweating. He felt dizzy.
A voice spoke in his head, a woman calling his name, but again not a name that he could recognise. 
Then the world went black, and Peter fainted.
.
--------------------
.
Peter opened his eyes to find a crowd of five people all gathered round him, the face of a pretty middle aged lady bent over him and gently stroking his face, trying to coax him back to consciousness.
"Ah...welcome back," she said. "How do you feel? Are you okay?"
"I don't know,...I think so..." Peter replied, slowly raising himself up into a sitting position. 
"Do you want me to call a doctor or an ambulance?" she asked. "I just live across the road, so I can if you wish?" she volunteered.
"No," Peter said, feeling better. "I will be fine. I think I probably just need to get something to eat."
Peter smiled reassuringly at the rest of the crowd, and pulled himself up on the railing of the bridge, standing up and brushing himself down.
"Are you visiting Ironbridge?" the lady asked, pulling a large Alsatian to heel by his collar, and patting it on his neck.
"Yes...yes, I am. I'm just down from Edinburgh to follow up on a story that might have connections around here. I'm a reporter with the Edinburgh Evening News."
Peter offered the lady his hand. Making local connections was always a great asset in getting inside news on any story. The lady may be able to help him. "My name is Peter. Thank you for your help and concern...it's much appreciated."
"Kayleigh." She replied. "I'm Kayleigh. And don't worry about it, as long as you are okay now?" She smiled, took a small step away as if to leave, and then turned back towards him. "I just live over there... Would you like to come over for a sandwich and a coffee? My husband and I have been living here for years and we know a lot about the community. Maybe we can help you? And Alex is from St. Andrews. A fellow Scot. He'll be glad to catch up on any local news."
"Thanks for the offer, it's really appreciated. Would it be okay, if I maybe knock on your door in thirty minutes? I was just on my way somewhere and I need to do something first. That would give me the time I need, ...and then I may also have a question for you, which you could help me with, from your local knowledge?"
Kayleigh smiled back. "That would be fine, if you still want to."
She pointed out her house again, smiled and walked away. Peter watched her go, checked the ground around him to make sure he had not dropped anything, and then hurried across the bridge following in the same direction as Kayleigh, but hurrying up the hill past her house, on up to the group of houses that he had seen from the bridge.
When he got to the top of the hill, where the houses finished and the forest started, he reached into his rucksack and pulled out the photographs and his sketches of the bridge that he had drawn from his dream. He inspected them carefully. 
Looking back down the hill with the houses in front of him, the angle of the bridge that he had sketched was quite close to what he could see from where he stood now. Turning to his right, he looked along the row of houses and then closed his eyes, trying to re-conjure up the image in his mind that he had seen when looking from the window of the bedroom down to the bridge. He walked along the road a bit, past the first few houses, climbed up onto a wall, and again looked down past the house and gardens in front of him, back towards the river.
The bridge that he could see now, and the image in his mind, seemed very similar. 
His heart started to beat faster.
He looked around him, suddenly feeling as if he was being watched. 
There was no one there. 
In total, there were about thirty houses in the street. 
On the other side of the road, a wooden fence separated him from the start of the forest. Crossing the road, he swung himself over the fence and walked a few metres further up the hill and into the woods.
Turning and looking back down the hill, from this higher vantage point he could now see over the tops of the houses sloping down the hill. A spasm of excitement shot through him, as he realised just how close the picture in his mind matched the view of the bridge that he could see now. It wasn't perfect...but almost...
He scanned the other houses in the street, guessing that from where he had been standing on the wall in the garden of the fourth house that he probably needed to go another four houses further along the road. He hurried through the edge of the trees about twenty metres, turned and surveyed the valley below him again.
Bingo.
The view of the bridge seen through the gap between two of the houses directly beneath him was uncannily similar to his mental 'photograph'. 
The vision in his dream had been from a first floor window, and from his vantage point in the forest a few metres higher up, he was slightly higher than the first floor. When he looked down now, if the curtains at the front and back of the house had been open, he would have been able to see straight through the first floor windows and down into the valley beyond.
The eighth house in the street was undoubtedly the house that had been in his dream. 
A shiver shot through Peter. Involuntarily he turned around and looked at the forest behind him. 
Again, he felt as if someone was watching him. As if there was something back there, lurking behind him. Perhaps almost urging him to take a few steps further back into the forest, deeper into the trees...
Peter shuddered.
He felt suddenly cold. It was an eerie feeling. Sinister. Slightly scary.
He shook his head and walked quickly forward, leaving the shadow of the trees, climbing the fence and stepping back onto the tarmac of the road.
Walking across the road, he switched on his digital camera and took a few snaps.
He stood at the side of the eighth house in the street, examining it from the front and side elevations.
There were two doors at the front of the house. One obviously going into a ground floor maisonette, with the second door going upstairs to a two bedroom flat.
Almost immediately another thought hit him. 'It wasn't that obvious...Two bedrooms?...How did he know that?"
He looked at the front doors again, his eyes drifting towards the one on the right.
A red door. Now closed.
Peter closed his eyes and tried to focus on the door, forcing himself to try and imagine what lay beyond: flowers. The smell of flowers. 
A picture of flowers popped into his mind. 
In a blue bowl, on a wooden floor.
Which was sitting in the vestibule, between the front door and another door beyond: a white door with small patchwork panes of square glass.
A girl. Smiling. Laughing. Turning, Climbing a set of stairs in front. 
A bedroom at the top of the stairs...
Breasts. 
Naked legs.
Blood.
Fuck, lots of blood.
Peter opened his eyes immediately, the intensity of the picture in his mind's eye shocking him with its immediateness and vivid detail.
He reached into his rucksack, pulled out a bottle of water, drank some and then splattered some onto his face. 

Taking out his notebook and a pen, which he always found afforded him an air of respectability as a reporter, he opened the garden gate and walked the few metres to the front of the house. 
Not knowing what to expect, but also realising that unless he started asking some questions, he wouldn't find out anything, he rang the bell and stepped back a few paces from the door. 
Who would answer? Someone who knew the killer? A friend? A relative of the killer? 
How would they react when he told them why he was here?
What was he going to tell them? 
He waited.
He thought for the first time, seriously, about what he was going to say...
"Hi,...I was just passing, I was just wondering... did you know that there is a dead body upstairs in your back-bedroom?"
It sounded ridiculous.
He looked at the door.
No one was coming.
He rang again.
Still no one came.
He rang the bell on the other door that belonged to the ground floor maisonette.
Also no answer.
He walked around the side of the house, pausing momentarily to see if anyone was watching him from the street.
No one.
Quickly, he hurried along the small path that went around the side of the house to the garden at the back. Looking up, he stared at the window on the first floor,...and froze.
For a second he could have sworn that he could see someone -a tall broad shouldered man-, looking out of the window...He stepped quickly backwards towards the side of the house, half expecting for the window to be opened and for someone to shout something at him.
Nothing happened. Plucking up the courage he stepped forward and looked up again, and did a double take as he discovered that the window upstairs was actually boarded over by large commercial metal shutters. The sort that people used when boarding up a house for a long time, or when the building was derelict. 
There was no window to look at. A second ago it would not have been possible to see what he had seen. The window was covered over.
He lifted his camera and took a few photographs of the house, the window, the garden, and the top of the bridge below, which from this angle on the ground floor was barely but just visible.
Returning to the front of the house, he knocked on a few more doors, determined to find someone home, but with no luck.
It was then he remembered the offer of tea and a sandwich. 
He took one last look at the house, and hurried back down the street towards the gorge.
.
--------------------
.
Five minutes later he was sitting at a kitchen table in a small country cottage, a ham-sandwich and a boiling cup of tea in his hands, being watched intensely by the mournful brown eyes of an enormous Alsatian, whose his head was cocked to one side, with a large, wet, drooling tongue hanging lazily out of the corner of his mouth. 
The cottage was probably a couple of hundred years old, and the kitchen was like a picture straight out of a guide book for perfect thatched cottages, exactly what you would imagine when you thought of a quaint, English cottage in the countryside. Bright white and blue cups and saucers hung on hooks on the wall and lined a wooden dresser, a large Belfast sink, stone slabs on the floors, low ceilings with wooden beams, a red-bricked Inglenook fireplace where once upon a time a large cauldron or copper pot full of soup would have been simmering on a wood fire...the works. It looked great. Perfect. Almost too perfect.
"So, Peter," Kayleigh said, pulling back a seat and sitting down opposite him. "Fire away. How can we help?"
"Aye lad," a big voice boomed from the kitchen doorway behind him. "If you want to know anything about Ironbridge, Kayleigh and I are certainly the people to help you!"
Peter turned, doing a double take as he saw Kayleigh's tall husband coming into the room, ducking down through the old small doorway, one large hand outstretched, and the other holding a flat, policeman's cap.
"A policeman?" Peter asked, without thinking.
"Aye. I'm Alex, the local bobby. I'm just going on duty..."
Peter swallowed hard. 
Things were just about to get interesting. 


Chapter 51
The Craigmillar Estate
May 1st
4.30 p.m.
.
.
Mr Wallace walked slowly through the front door of his house, closing the door gently behind him. He took his jacket off in the hallway, walked into the kitchen and boiled the kettle. He poured himself a cup of tea, took two digestive biscuits out of the tin, and walked through to the front room.
Setting the biscuits and the tea down on the table beside his armchair, he walked across to the curtains and drew them closed. It had only been three weeks since the council had finally come around and fixed his broken windows, but already someone had thrown another stone that had broken the top pane of glass, cracking it from one corner to another.
When Mr Wallace returned to his armchair, he turned himself around, and eased himself slowly back into the chair.
He didn't notice that he had forgotten to switch the reading lamp on. He quickly forgot about the tea and the biscuits.
Instead Mr Wallace sat there in the dark.
Lost in his thoughts.
A single tear built up in the corner of his left eye, and finally spilt itself over the edge, gathering momentum and running down the side of Mr Wallace's face.
.
--------------------
.
The news at the Doctor's had not been good. It had not been what he was expecting, and had come as quite a shock.
One to three months. Possibly less. That's what the doctor had given him. 
It was hard to believe that after all the years he had spent dodging the bullets, openly facing death on a daily basis, that a silent killer was going to get him, sneaking up insidiously inside him and slowly squeezing the life out of him.
A cancerous 'sniper's bullet' was heading his way, silent and deadly, that he was not going to be able to dodge. 
The doctor had mentioned words that he had not understood: "hospice" being one of them. It sounded like hospital.
Mr Wallace had already made up his mind that he was not going there. He hated hospitals. He was not going to end up writhing in pain in a cold, dark, lonely room, with no one there to hold his hand and help him over to the other side.
Mr Wallace was a soldier. A fucking soldier... He deserved to die in 'action', bravely, doing something that had some meaning.
He coughed.
Was..., was a soldier.
He reached for the tea, and sipped it slowly, hardly noticing that it was stone cold.
His thoughts drifted back to his days in the army.
What a life he had led.
What fantastic places he had seen.
For a second he thought about going to get his Victoria Cross so that he could sit and hold it in his hands like he often did at night times, when he would think back and recall better days.
Then he remembered that it was gone.
Outside in the street he heard screaming and shouting. Some kids swearing and mouthing off with the courage that their drugs gave them.
Life on the estate had got worse in the past couple of months. Living here had become even more hellish than before.
Since that bastard Big Wee Rab had done his place over, nicked his VC and scarpered, things had got out of control. 
Incredibly, the days when Big Wee Rab had been in charge now seemed like 'the good old days'. Since then the boys from Porty had moved in. Rab had been a right big bastard, but almost harmless in comparison with the havoc that the Porty boys had brought to the estate. Drugs were everywhere, crime was a hundred times worse than before, and no one, no one felt safe, even in their own homes. 
What the fuck were the police doing about it?
Fuck all! That's what!
Whatever the excuse was, lack of resources or commitment, whatever it was, the effect was the same: the estate had once again become a no-go area that the police avoided unless they came together in force.
.
Neil Wallace was a brave man. Living like a mouse in a hole was no way for an ex-member of Her Majesty's Forces to exist. 
Since the story about his VC had been published in the News, people on the estate had begun to give him a little more respect. Some of them had even begun to look up to him, maybe expecting or looking for some guidance or help from the 'bravest man in Scotland', as one of the newspaper articles had hailed him.
Another youth outside shouted something, and Neil recognised the voice. Wee Eck. One of the 'crew' of young bastards that used to hang around with Big Wee Rab. 
Now Rab was gone, they had all joined the Porty Crew, or Team or Gang, or whatever it was they called themselves. They were worse now, having 'evolved' into bigger shites and bigger bastards than any scum that Neil had ever encountered before.
A sudden thought occurred to Neil: what happened to the promise that he had made himself when the reporter from the News had been bulldozed off the street and almost killed? Did he not promise himself that he would not report anything to the police because he was going to do something about it himself?
And what had he done?
Nowt.
Nothing.
And instead of standing up for himself and taking positive action, it was Big Wee Rab that had gone on the offensive and stolen his VC, the last thing of any value that Neil Wallace had left in his pathetic little world.
Another voice from the street outside, this time shouting some abuse at Mrs Craig, one of his neighbours who had opened a window and told the kids to shut up and go elsewhere.
A second later he heard a window smash, and the kids were laughing again.
Neil swore. 
"For fuck's sake. Enough is enough!"
Deep inside his mind, something snapped.
The news today had not been good. Neil Wallace was going to die. There was nothing he could do to avoid it.
But he was not going to die a coward.
Once upon a time, a long ago, in a land far, far away, he had risked his life to save his comrades, simply because someone had to do something about it, and he had known instinctively, that it was down to him.
Facing death at any second, he had picked himself up, taken the fight to the enemy, and killed them all.
He had saved the lives of his friends and almost died trying.
For the second time in his life, Neil Wallace realised that it was now once again down to him. It was time to take action.
If no one else was going to help stop the bastards who were slowly killing the estate and his comrades who lived here, it was time for him to go on the offensive. And soon...while he still could!
This was not a foreign land. This was not far, far away. 
This was their home turf. This was where they lived!
And enough was enough.
.
Mr Wallace blinked. The room was completely dark. He must have been sitting there for hours without realising it.
Reaching across to the lamp beside his chair, he switched it on.
He stood up, walked through to his bedroom, pushed the bed to one side with some effort, knelt down on the floor and pulled back the carpet.
Taking his penknife from his pocket he prized up a couple of nails with the blade of the knife, and lifted up one of the floorboards.
Underneath there was a blue plastic bag: it contained fifteen thousand pounds in fifty pound notes. Money that he had never ever touched since his life assurance policy had paid out a few years ago, it was the sum total of Neil Wallace's existence. Until now he had been keeping it for the future. Now that future would not exist, and the money would be wasted.
Beside the bag was a sturdy, brown wooden box.
He lifted it out, flicked a brass catch on the front, and opened the lid.
.
Mr Wallace took out the contents, held it in his hand, and smiled. 


.
.
THE END OF BOOK ONE
.
.
In Book Two discover the answers to the following questions:
.
1: Will Peter discover the bodies of the victims that he sees in his visions?
2: What is the secret of SP-X4? 
3: What lengths will StemPharma go to in order to keep the truth about SP-X4 secret?
4: What will happen to old Mr Wallace?
5: Will Big Wee Rab return to his life of crime?
6: What is the true identity of Maciek?
7: Who is Carolina?
8: How many people has Maciek already killed?
9: Who is the 'German' that Maciek killed during his remake of 'Saving Private Ryan?'
10: How many more people will Maciek still kill?
.
To continue reading 'Haunted From Within : Book Two' and to discover the answers to these questions and more, please purchase Book Two.

IF BOOK TWO IS NOT YET AVAILABLE ON THE SITE YOU PURCHASED 'BOOK ONE' FROM, SIMPLY TYPE "HAUNTED FROM WITHIN BOOK TWO" INTO YOUR INTERNET BROWSER TO FIND AN EBOOK VENDOR THAT SELLS IT. PLEASE PURCHASE IT FROM THERE.




.
. .
.
.

.

.
.


Please look out for others books by IAN C.P.IRVINE :
.
.

The Orlando File : A Genetic Conspiracy Thriller
.
.

The Crown of Thorns : A Genetic Conspiracy Thriller Adventure
.
.

London 2012 : What If ? ( A Romantic Mystery Adventure ) 
.
.
The Sleeping Truth : A Romantic Medical Thriller
.
.

If you have any comments, please contact the author at :-  iancpirvine@hotmail.co.uk
.

To keep up to date with other news, events and ebook releases, please visit the website at: www.iancpirvine.com 
.



May 13th 2013




