
SEVEN DEVILS

M. Chris Benner
Copyright 2012 Matthew Christopher Benner
Smashwords Edition
mchrisbenner.com

to April Stuart


CONTENTS_______________
1. The Mosquito Warrior
2. The Scattershot 14
3. The Next Nine Days
4. The Blue Sky 
5. The Asterisk
6. The Time to Go
7. The Siege on Philadelphia





a brief prologue

Sensei Ridley Lies About The Seven Devils
This is a story that I uh, I tell to all incoming students—well, real quick, let me introduce myself and these two gentlemen for those of you that’re new to our class. You may call me Sensei Ridley. On my right is Master Chris; on my left is my brother, Master David. They are both black belts and you are to treat them as you would me – listen to what they say, do what they say. Okay?
[the students nod]
Respond “Yes, Sensei” to acknowledge.
[students respond, “Yes, Sensei.”]
Okay, take a seat on the mat. I’ll try to keep the story quick.


[paces, thinking]


I grew up in Philadelphia, born and raised—well, until a few years ago, when I left for a bit and then came here and opened this school. But I’m going to tell you a story and it’s from the first time I left America.
When I left, I went to study with a Sensei.
Let’s call him Ki-jo.
He was about 5’5 – older – bald top, gray halo.
Uh round. Bigger—uh, bigger guy in weight. Kind of fat, to understate it.
Always smoked a combination of opium and tobacco from a tiny pipe – and I mean always, even when he was fighting.
And this man was…well, rough. He was a rough individual.
He was the most dangerous person I could find that would teach me.


He never liked me.
No question about it.
He almost respected me – which is important – but he absolutely, never ever liked me, never even enjoyed my company.
He was paid a far amount of money to teach me, and he did what I paid him for.


His house was in a forest.
There were smaller villages nearby, most of them farming.
Me – I lived in a cold, dark hut behind his large, beautiful wood house.
The area was particularly poor but Sensei Ki-jo – he lived in elegance. And no one ever bothered him unless it was to ask for his help or advice, or lessons, like me; it was an odd exchange, as he was seldom needed.
And the other students he had – let’s just say he treated them differently.
But I’m off track.


[faces the students, hands behind back]


We trained together every day for two years.
Even while I healed from the broken bones he gave me, which were plenty.
Every day for two years—well, every day except for the two months he abandoned me deep in the forest far, far away. Probably sixty miles, maybe more.
Took me about two months to get back.
Two incredibly scary months in a foreign, poverty stricken land.
And it was during a horrendous seasonal rain—he uh…yeah, he was an asshole. Taught me a tremendous amount.
Great teacher.
Big asshole.


Speeding right along, near the tail end of two years, villagers come to Sensei Ki-jo and ask for his help.
“There’s a band of robbers in our forest,” the villagers tell him. “They’re coming out to steal the harvests and poison those of us who fight, among other things.”
The gang’s described as small but organized.
Sensei Ki-jo dismisses it initially, saying they’ve moved on, except other villages come saying the same things.
So the peasants ask Sensei Ki-jo to track them.


Sensei Ki-jo explicitly promises their harvests back.
The villagers return home.
Sensei Ki-jo returns to…tending his garden, the only thing he seemed to enjoy.
And he sends me out to track this-this roving band of thieves. And I do as Sensei Ki-jo tells me, as I always did. Including the time he made me break my own finger. [mocks snapping his middle finger back] Snap.
So out into this massive forest I went.


The issue wasn’t so much the forest, which was scary on its own merits. There were snakes – poisonous ones that grow maybe 4 to 6 feet and were out in droves since it was the summer season. Spiders, fucking spiders – I hate spiders. I didn’t hate them before but I hated them after being in that forest so long. They nearly killed me a few times, goddamn ugh spiders. They were everywhere, also very poisonous. Giant centipedes, giant bees, monkeys, wild boar, etc.
And um, rivers, which I’d have to cross, had a bunch of creatures – it was probably more dangerous than the land. There were these blue-ringed octipi which had no cure if they got you, that was it. Dead.
Lot of dangers in the forest, leave it at that.
There’s still shit in that forest that hasn’t been discovered yet.


But I had grown familiar with the dangers of the forest, learned well how to survive.
Sensei Ki-jo had taught me very, very well on how to survive. The issue wasn’t surviving the absurdly dangerous forest so much as surviving an encounter with the many deadly pirates I was sent to find in the outrageously dangerous forest.


I follow tracks the villagers had told me were the bandits and uh, I sort of follow them under the presumption that the bandits weren’t near, that they had already taken to the rivers and fled. Scavengers don’t usually stay in the same spot too long so I went out as I would hunting as I would normally – with the only weapon I had, a bow-and-arrow – all while following the tracks of about ten men, give or take. As I followed the tracks it would sometimes split out, like they were sending out scouts, so most of the time there were probably eight or so guys together at any one point.
[looks back to david, who gives a “wrap it up” signal]


So I find them.
On accident.
I’m out hunting when I find that the men had circled around me. So while I think they’re north, they’re actually directly east of me and retracing their steps. I’m pretty sure they did this because, the day before, I had found tracks that appeared to be of a scout that came back to make sure they weren’t being followed.
Anyway, I stumble onto an ambush.
And there’s all ten of them, all waiting.
And they immediately take me prisoner.


They tie me to a tree for a full day while they decide what they’re going to do with me. They speak the local language but with a different dialect, something I don’t know. Only bits, small pieces, single meanings.
“Kill” and “Ransom” are the two most common.
And after about twenty-four hours of me sitting against a tree, kicking away poisonous spiders and giant centipede, they still haven’t made a decision. They keep me away from the camp but I’m close enough to smell the boar they roast—man, phew, I’ve never been so hungry.
I don’t know why that’s the strongest memory I have considering what happens next.


Next morning, at dawn, I wake because I get a whiff of a very distinct smell – opium and tobacco.
And I find Sensei Ki-jo smoking his pipe.
As there isn’t much discussion afterward, I’m left assuming he followed about a day’s pace behind, using me as bait.
Keep in mind he doesn’t like me.
Keep in mind he’s an asshole.
And also keep in mind that the group of men could have killed me almost immediately, or that a night strapped to a tree in a dodgy forest is one of the most dangerous, terrifying things you can do.
But here he was, saving me.


He…
Sensei Ki-jo gives me a katana.
Very beautiful, his favorite. All black, even the blade.
It’s up on that wall.
[points to a black sword hanging on the back wall; rubs nose, thinks; clears throat]


Ahem.
He gave me three motions:
He was going to back off and fire his bow-and-arrow from a distance.
I was going to enter the camp.
And no one was to die.


I don’t get to talk to him during or after to find out why no one could die – something pretty important considering that they were going to try very hard to kill me.
Sensei Ki-jo backs up about 40 yards. I…could not see any possibility of him hitting anything but trees with his bow-and-arrow.
(To his credit, he was a very good shot.)
But, I do as I’m told.
I stick the sword under my belt.
And I enter the camp alone.


Now this is the part of the story where you think I’m going to tell you it was all part of training, or I tied up everyone and saved the day…that would be a nice little wrap-up, happy ending and such…but that’s not how my stories tend to find themselves ending.


They were scattered around a fire-pit full of red hot coals.
And I snuck – step-by-step-by-step, careful, quiet as a ghost – and I get into the camp to find two of them still awake. One of them has the only gun, a World War II rifle. He’s sitting crossed-legged in the center of camp. I’m pretty sure he was just waiting for me to get close enough to shoot. The other one was slouched against a tree, sort of half-interested.
The rest of them were asleep.


Um, so the man with the gun and I catch each other’s eyes a moment.
He’s got black teeth, sort of smiling. Gun at my chest. Legitimately no chance. And he just—he had this eerie quality. Sinister, something ill.
I think I’m done for and, again…
An arrow comes from my right—boom—hits the guy in his arm. Arrow goes through his arm and into the wood stock of the rifle.
Noise, screaming – loud.


Next thing, everyone wakes to find me standing in the center of the camp.
I draw my sword.
They dash and move and roll and grab weapons and get up.
[brief chuckle] And the whole time, the most attention anyone gets is that guy sitting against a tree, still half-paying attention. I watch him lazily grab a sword and pick it up – they all have swords drawn by now – and he sort of shuffles to his feet.


I take off running.
Partly because I’m terrified of the nine men with swords trying to kill me but also, if Sensei Ki-jo taught me anything, it was to use the environment when you’re overwhelmed. So I run in the general direction of the arrow, praying Sensei Ki-jo was watching and waiting. I run a zigzag pattern and return to section them somewhere in the middle. You see, they spread out – a very common tactical mistake. Had they stuck together, I wouldn’t have been able to…
Well, as you can see, I’m here.
Had they bound together and moved as a single unit…
[head side-to-side]


I wound the first guy in the shoulder, then take his hand.
He’s in the back, close to the camp, and obviously slowest.
A weak link.
They know my position.


An arrow wounds another as they close in, forming a half circle around me just outside the camp.
A bullet hits a tree near me. The man with his arm stabbed into the gun by the arrow is still trying to aim and fire at me with his left hand. He doesn’t remove the arrow and unpin himself, for some reason, and it makes his aim sloppy and wide.
There’s only six at that point, the lazy one off somewhere – I lost track of him – and one of them missing, a runner that went for backup.
Arrows stop after that and it’s me versus six men with swords.


[removes shirt; shows elongated scars across his torso and arms; pauses a moment]
I’ll start with the luckiest bit, which was when a man had me, about to get me in the back of my head with the long edge of a sword, when a bullet hit him in the shoulder. I was so happy because I thought it was Sensei Ki-jo and he had gotten the gun but, in reality, the gunman with the pinned arm missed me and hit his friend.


I’m pretty good with a sword.
I simultaneously fought four men alone.
[pauses; mimicking movements]
As I would push [pushes], swing [swing], advance [advances], they would do the same. Still in a half circle, the gunman behind me. I did my best to back away – away from the gunman, too – trying to prevent them from attacking front and back. Slow steps, quiet. It was interesting. No sound except feet in the forest. I kept hoping Sensei Ki-jo would fire four amazing arrows and take care of everyone but that just didn’t happen.
So I stopped backing away, ready.


They—man, they cut me to ribbons. They slashed me a good five [points to each of the five scars] times. I’m okay with a sword but definitely not good enough to win a fight against four men by only wounding them.


[gets up, walks to wall, removes sword]
When it starts, two of them come at me. I cross their blades into each other [mimicking movements with the sword] with a swipe, then duck and jab [ducks and jabs] into the meat of one of their calves.
So one is wounded.
Another slashes me here [points to chest] as I stand.


I back away from the wounded one so he can’t get me from the ground.
One of them circles around back.
I stand in the center [poised with sword grasped in both hands like a bat] and wait.
Again, silence.
I watch both sides.
They attack at once.


[battles three invisible men with the sword]
They get my chest again, my arm.
I wound one but not enough to knock him out, just a gash on his shoulder.
They back away.
I’m covered in blood.
Silence, waiting.
They charge again and I immediately get one of them across the chest. He’s down and out. I block an attack from the one behind me and the one in front gets me here [points under his ribs], then loses control and gets me here [points to the outside of his thigh] and the point of his sword goes straight down and hits the ground, gets stuck a moment.
I uppercut him right in the chin – down like a sack of bricks.


Then it’s just me and the last guy. The gunman, he’s silent and not around. The slow guy, he’s disappeared. And there’s still one guy that took off for backup but he wasn’t coming back any time soon.
So this guy, we stare at each other a moment. About five feet apart, completely still, waiting for the first sign of movement from the others. There’s a noise behind us, quick and gross and squishy – I’m thinking it’s the gunman pulling the arrow from his arm.
Either way, it ignites the end of our sword fight.


[puts sword back; looks around]
We go strong. Hard. It’s only a moment long.
We wound each other. He wounds me enough to stop me from fighting any more. [points to the worst of the scars, the longest across his chest] I fall down and he backs away.
I got him but it was more a defensive wound.
He’s still standing, examining the wound on his arm.
Walks over to me, stands over me. Looks around. Stares down at me.
His sword’s by his side. Just standing over me, looking down.
[pause]
And that was it. He just…I think he respected me. He could have finished it but he didn’t. He left me there, soaked in blood, moaning in pain like the rest of his friends.
He just looked at me, gave me a short nod…


And that’s the end of the story.
Any questions?
Is it true you own the buffet down the street?
I meant questions relevant to the story or to the class. But yes – not just me but all three of us. We own everything jointly.


Any other questions?
What was the point of the story?
A few points, actually:
Tell you how much of a badass I am.
Tell you anything is possible, if you work hard enough.
Explain that you are to do everything I say, no matter what. You do not question me, you do as I say – trust me, it won’t be quite as dangerous.
Also, it’s important never to go into battle alone unless you absolutely have to. Took a while for me to learn that one.
And always – I stress this, always – respect your opponent.


What happened to Sensei Ki-jo?
Um, something…not very pleasant. But I’m not going to get into that now.
Last time I talked to him was directly after the fight. He told me my training was over and to go home – I’m not really paraphrasing, either. He said it almost exactly like that. And because I took so much blood from the enemy, he gave me a name, too.
What was it?


the mosquito warrior


GOOD DAY – NAPPY ROOTS feat. GREG STREET
The song wakes me.
And so begins my day.
The song is Chris’ choice; we alternate days. I tend to pick classical concertos since I enjoy waking up to a startlingly intense instrumental. Chris and Sadie often pick lighter hip-hop or rap, a genre I should be familiar with having grown up in Philadelphia but I am not. Lizzy and David pick cutesy fun songs. They’ve been playing Feist lately, something I give slight insults and faint arguments against (as I do with all their musical choices) but, truthfully, waking up to Mushaboom leads to a bright day…
I just accept it as a fact now.
Our three townhouses are connected by a series of speakers, several in each room (including the bathroom). The music serves as our wake-up alarm. We shuffle out of bed, add loose-fitting clothing if we slept naked (Chris and Sadie) then meet out on our respective balconies at 7:00 a.m. sharp. (Our three balconies are also connected, a waist-level wood gate and latch sectioning each.) We start with a communal nod, wave, or raise of the coffee mug to acknowledge one another; no one speaks before our daily stretches, and some of us are always more disheveled than others. David and his daughter, Lizzy, me by my lonesome in the middle, Chris and Sadie – we breathe in the fresh coastal air and finish by taking an extra moment of silence to look out over the ocean.
Then we head in.
Each of us have our own routine. (I just assume Chris’ morning routine is sex, in one form or another, before cleaning himself, dressing, and heading out.) Depending on how much work I have during the day, I’ll sometimes get a shower, dress well, kiss Lizzy, then head out; on slower days, I join David and Lizzy for breakfast and their walk to her school. There’s a door leading from my kitchen into David’s back hallway, and today I walk in to see Lizzy’s thin frame at the kitchen table. We try to fatten her up but her metabolism keeps her tall and lean, rail-thin even; she’s not a timid girl, at least not about her appearance, though she does keep her brown hair long and straight to cover her face when she wants to hide.
I’ve seen her hide out of sadness mostly; seldom does she throw tantrums.
There’s an open school book in front of her at the kitchen table. Even though it’s mid-summer, Lizzy enrolled herself in a summer school program – she did so without asking anyone and even used her own money. No one had urged it – in fact, David and Chris had looked forward to sleeping in an extra hour. She told us it was to keep busy and “stay pointy,” as she called it. David had her I.Q. tested at the end of last year and the results further cemented the fact that she was highly gifted.
“Here he comes, ask him,” I hear David’s voice say while he cooks at the stove, just out of the doorway. I’m certain it’s a math question before I’ve even closed the door and entered the bright hallway – neon pink on one side and neon green on the other. The colors are shocking to the eye after leaving my house, which is very plain and white and sterile, just how I like it – every corner visible and clean.
Each of us designed the interior of our houses.
Chris’ house is the most interesting as it has hidden rooms and passages; it’s also the dirtiest.
“Uncle Sandwich, I got a question,” she starts, watching me for a response.
“Please don’t call me Uncle Sandwich…” I remind her.
She giggles.
Recently, I had been so tired I fell asleep in my recliner with a sandwich on my chest and no one has let me forget it – even though David and I have walked in on Chris masturbating so many times we had to install a loud buzzer at the door leading from my back hallway to his kitchen. (He’s been temporarily prohibited from making family dinner since the time I caught him jerking off while cooking, a memory that still haunts my waking life.)
I look over her shoulder at the book and the problem she’s stuck on. Behind me, David cooks eggs in grease, a full plate of bacon soaking under a paper towel next to the stove. As I point to a mistake in Lizzy’s multiplication of fractions, my left leg gently mule-kicks the back of David’s knee so his leg crumbles – nothing painful, just annoying; he knows it’s my way of scolding him for cooking scrambled eggs in bacon grease, something I find horrifically unhealthy. I’ve scolded him so many times for it that I don’t even need to say anything anymore.
When I finish and David turns to me, I ask a single word,
“An hour?”
He thinks a moment, pushing further up the bridge of his nose the thick-rimmed glasses I affectionately call his “nerdy-writer glasses.”
He nods.
“Good,” I confirm. “Text Chris, make sure. I’m going to jump-start payroll.”
After a kiss on the top of Lizzy’s long, honey-brown head and a quick piece of bacon—“There’s about 2,000 calories in that pan grease,” I just have to say (he rolls his eyes)—I head out their front door.
Today is certainly going to be a good day.


HEY, IT STARTS ALL OVER AGAIN
I enter mid-conversation.
“It’s just worse when the male penis is involved,” Chris is explaining.
“—as opposed to the female penis?” David asks.
Chris doesn’t understand, tucking his shoulder length blonde behind his ear; it was a habit of his when he wasn’t sure how to respond.
“Whatever you’re talking about—and I really don’t want to know—but it should probably stop while I eat. Can we focus on something important?” I interrupt, hopefully ending the conversation for good. I sit across from Chris and next to David with my plate of sushi and sashimi. A glass of ice water is already waiting for me, as it is every day.
“Let me see the itinerary,” I say.
David gets defensive.
“You put me in charge of the itinerary, I’m in charge of the itinerary. What would you like to know?”
“I…would like to know the itinerary. What’s the plan for tonight?”
[“Itinerary,” Chris says, adding one more repetition.]
“Okay,” I sigh, rubbing my brow before digging into my food with chopsticks, “so what do we have tonight?”
David looks over an electronic, pocket-sized calendar. He keeps touching it, flipping through pages, looking, touching it more, waiting while it loads…
“Tonight is…Christmas. That can’t be right. It’s July.” He looks up to make sure we’re paying attention. My food is clutched between my chopsticks and halfway to my mouth, paused. “I’m just fucking with you, alright. Relax. You just take care of the numbers and the fighting and I can handle the scheduling. Tonight, uhhhhh—Sadie’s obviously got M.T. from 5 to 10 but she’s taking a break from 7 to 8 – she’s gonna have them work on each other while she comes test her for belt.”
“Chris,” I say, knowing this is a mistake, “I’m almost certain this is a bad idea but I want you to test her. What am I saying? Chris, I’m absolutely certain this is a bad idea, but I want you to test her. I think she’ll do her best against you. Okay?”
“Yeah, if that’s what’s on the itinerary than that’s what the itinerary wants an’ the itinerary’ll get what the itinerary wants.”
I sigh.
David looks at me and waits until I’m prepared to hear more, then continues, “You’re up to do basic defense for the massage class…what, next week?”
“Yeah, how about next Thursday?”
David looks over the calendar.
“Can’t Thursday, you got a Chamber of Commerce meeting – unless you want me to do it?” David asks in a distinctly prodding manner.
“Which, the meeting or the defense class?”
“Let’s go with defense.”
“Do you think you could handle basic defense?”
Though my voice sounds serious, I’m actually joking and fully aware that my brother, David, has become a fantastic practitioner of Jun Kae Do - the martial art that I teach. (The name is fictional – really, I teach a combination of Krav Magaa, Ishinryu, Aikido, and Ju-jitsu, with bits of Tai Chi thrown in for balance and harmony.) In reality, David is well-versed and, if necessary, lethal.
“Seriously?” he says, mocking.
“Uh…sure, you can do defense Thursday.”
“Why not me?” Chris asks, well-versed in Jun Kae Do, too.
A glance answers his question.
Chris is mainly involved with the massage school, serving as Vice Director (his choice in title) to Sadie’s position as Director of The Massage School at Dove’s Grove. We choose our titles as they come up: David is Lead Instructor of The Music School at Dove’s Grove; I’m Head Instructor of Jun Kae Do at Dove’s Grove; Chris is Visual Advertising Consultant for all three schools; David is Print Advertising Consultant; they’re also Masters in the dojo; I’m the Business Accountant; David recently became Scheduling Coordinator, which includes scheduling shifts for the bar as well as all of the classes; I’ve been picking up the slack and teaching Basic Guitar to our adolescent class, mainly because it’s an after-school program and David’s busy giving private lessons to Lizzy since she’s moved on to Advanced Guitar; Chris teaches harmonica or bongos to anyone that’ll listen, for free, but it seldom finds eager ears let alone a need for a title; Chris, David, and I agreed to be called Co-Managers of our bar, Pairadice at Dove’s Grove (They got majority vote on the naming of the bar – we just tell everyone it’s a typo instead of explaining that it’s actually an inside joke about Chris’ balls, from when he was a pornstar.); none of us have a title with the Buffet at Dove’s Grove, situated at the end of the Dove’s Grove Shopping Center (I had bought out the whole shopping center in one deal, turning it into a very large school sectioned in three, plus a buffet at the end and a bar at the outer edge of the large parking lot. The buffet only got bought because I wanted them to include fresh, limitless sushi whenever I wanted – I even personally trained them how to cut and serve it.); and, for tax reasons, I’m listed as the Sole Proprietor of the entire property.
“Um,” David continues, both of us ignoring Chris’ volunteering, “I got piano from 4 to 5 with Sam the Driver—”
“Can we talk about that for a second?” I ask.
I’ve met “Sam the Driver” twice and he’s always been standoffish, unreadable; that led me to look him up – disconcerting is an understatement for the information he’s hiding from us. I didn’t tell David because he gets pissed when I look into people’s pasts. He tells me that if we can move on from our (he means my) past, then anyone can be forgiven and start over.
It’s never too late to do good, he says. Leave the past in the past. Just like your own.
“About what, Sam the Driver?”
I nod.
“He’s a good guy,” David tries to persuade me, “quiet, but he listens. He learns very fast, actually. He’s only been to four lessons and he’s pretty far along, it’s—it’s actually kind of impressive.”
“But he drives?”
“No, no. He used to. Said he drove someone pretty famous but he won’t tell me who. Just…ease up, I can tell your spidey sense is tingling. He’s a good guy. Just quiet, a little socially awkward.”
My brow is furrowed the whole talk about Sam the Driver. David’s right that I’ve picked up the scent of menace off the guy. There’s a familiarity, some unspoken quality, some look in his eye – it makes me nervous, as the familiarity is something I can’t distinguish, something I can’t form into reason. It’s not that I know him from somewhere, more like I know the type and it’s an uncommon one.
“Whelp, either way, he’s my student so fuck off. I like him. That’s it for tonight at the school,” David continues. “You’re watching Lizzy while I’m at Pairadice—Chris, you’re bartending tonight after the testing. Right?” I’m disappointed that it’s not already scheduled, and David catches my disapproving glance. “—hey, don’t blame me. He volunteered to replace Pam Noel. I’m just making sure he knows.”
“Yeah, I’ll be there,” Chris affirms, then asks in an insinuating tone, “Is uh Kate gonna be there?”
David pretends to pay more attention to the electronic calendar as he mumbles a “mmmmmmmmaybe.”
And I finish my plate.
“Jesus Christ, did you chew? You’re like a fuckin’ duck,” my brother starts, mimicking a duck tilting his head back to swallow without chewing. “Were you just—did you eat rocks?” Chris looks curious. “To help digest. It’s what ducks—nevermind.”
It’s true that I eat as quickly as I can.
“Why don’t you ever tell the end to your ‘Ki-jo’ story?” Chris asks. My one-off answer to why I eat so fast is always Sensei Ki-jo and his twitch (the stick he so often smacked me with), and Chris must have thought of that in order to bring up something so unrelated; though Chris often asks questions unrelated to anything presently going on, so I could be wrong. Either way, this is a question he asks almost every time I tell the story of Sensei Ki-Jo to someone new.
“Because the story isn’t supposed to be sad—hell, it’s not even true anymore,” I remind him, as always. “It’s just a story to psyche up the kids.”
“He’s trying to pep them up,” David chimes in, “give them a little crouching tiger, maybe some hidden dragon if there’s time. Story gets better every time I hear it,” he pats my back. “Remember that picture Lizzy drew of the Mosquito Warrior?”
We all chuckle.
A year or so back Lizzy had drawn an awesome picture of a mosquito with an old west hat and samurai sword. It’s still on my fridge.
“Fair enough,” Chris answers and returns his attention to David. “Anyway, since Scrooge McDuck is done – I’m just saying that it’s worse when a male penis—”
“—as opposed to a female penis?—” David interjects again.
And again, Chris tucks his hair behind his ear, paused, missing the fact that he doesn’t need to preface that it’s a male penis; instead, he charges on. “—yes, a male penis, when it’s in frame without…”
“Hey, it starts all over again,” I say, leaving to head back to the office and finish payroll, “I’ll see you guys at class.”


FAMILY DINNER
Classes during the day.
I have a morning and a mid-day training, then a break (which is now filled with basic guitar lessons for summer school students) and evening classes between 7 and 9; the rest of my time is spent on investments, watching Lizzy, payroll, managing bills, and a dinner at 5 o’clock strong every night with Lizzy and David. Afterwards, David and I practice guitar for a short period until I have to leave for evening lessons.
The 5 o’clock family dinner routine is one that we had started some six years earlier, when I had reluctantly agreed to let David move into my house in Philadelphia. His girlfriend had died of a brain aneurysm and he arrived in a hopeless state, depressed about everything except for the three year old child he brought with him. To address this, we came to the agreement that I would play guitar with him if he would write a book for me. In the years since I returned, we’ve practiced guitar several days a week, and David has published seven books: four are part of a continuing series of children’s books he’s writing for Lizzy, with the fifth long since finished and near its publishing date; one had been a gritty crime novel loosely based on his (and what he knew of my own) history, though he took so many creative liberties and wildly different paths with wildly different characters, situations, and outcomes that there was zero resemblance (and I checked it thoroughly to make sure); but the one that stands out above all others is the one he started while living with me those first few months before all hell broke loose: finished and published in the two years I was gone, Landphiladelphia was a heavily researched, deeply affecting nonfiction account of the deterioration of the Philadelphia school system. It received a large amount of attention (and acclaim and awards) as it was a follow-up to the book he wrote in high school. David forfeit taking notes or tests or homework for the first quarter of his junior year in high school, instead opting to protest by writing a book called Bombing Timoom – a powerhouse of ridicule and anger at the hypocrisy, poor funding, and generally lazy handling of the Philadelphia school system. The book led to his expulsion; it also led to a massive swirl of controversy and notoriety, led him to sue the district, led to a massive book deal, led to 280,000 copies selling nationwide, led to him being ostracized by our parents – both college professors in Philadelphia – and, finally, led to his emancipation at 17 and subsequent move to Florida.
If we miss too many after-dinner guitar practices, David forces me to stay up until Sadie and/or Chris finishes at the massage school and returns home; then we all meet in Chris and Sadie’s living room, where they smoke a lot of weed before Chris blasts the harmonica or bangs the bongos, Sadie continues her long, hard road to teaching herself the violin, David plays a portable keyboard, and I continue on the acoustic guitar.
We’re making progress as a whole but it’s slow.
On weekends, we have dinner with everyone – it’s mandatory. Lizzy always sits next to Sadie and the two of them whisper and giggle to each other all dinner, afterwards heading off to do make-up and hair, or run along the beach, or an impromptu dance party on the deck – Sadie’s in her mid-thirties, looks as if she’s in her early-twenties, and has the capacity to act as a teenager. Chris, David, and I often sit out on the deck, prideful as we watch Sadie and Lizzy play in the water of the shore. They drink a few beers (I opt for ice tea) and we joke and stare out over the ocean as the sun goes down.
It’s so simple, so easy.
And surprisingly delicate.


SAM THE DRIVER
“Hey,” I catch him before he goes into my brother’s class.
The young man has gentle eyes; they always look squinty and cheerless. He’s muscular and, each time I see him, he’s pulling off driving gloves – something I find unnerving. His hair is dark with subtle highlights, always groomed and combed into a symmetrical disorganization. He wears cotton tee-shirts and ripped black jeans, some nice sunglasses that I’m sure are fancy and expensive. I usually catch him at a glance in the distance as he walks into the school. I’ve encountered him twice, once for a brief introduction and once in passing. It’s his eyes that catch me – he keeps them hidden most of the time behind sunglasses, unless he’s learning from David.
“Yes, Mr. Ridley?” he asks, practically standing at attention.
He’s stopped in the street while I’m on the sidewalk between the buffet and David’s section of the school. I have to motion for Sam the Driver to get out of the street and join me on the sidewalk.
While I’m at it, I also motion for him to take his sunglasses off.
His head tilts in a questioning manner, then he does as I ask.
“David tells me you’re doing very well in his class,” I say, looking into his eyes. He doesn’t blink or shift his weight or look at his feet like many people do when I stare into their eyes. I’m socially awkward in the same ways David considers Sam the Driver to be socially awkward.
“That’s very polite of him,” Sam the Driver says, matter-of-factly.
“I was wondering if you would be interested in our martial arts program or massage. One of our other instructors is thinking of starting a class on photography and art direction—”
“No thank you, sir.”
“If it’s money—”
“It’s not money. Do not take offense, Mr. Ridley, but I do not wish to disclose my reasons. Your brother is teaching me just fine and I enjoy class with him. I thank you for the offer but I must decline.”
“Well,” I say, taken aback. “Fair enough.” I hold my hand out and he gives it a firm shake. While I stare into his eyes, shaking his hand with my own tight grip, I ask, “It is Sam, right?”
He doesn’t hesitate.
“Yes, sir. And I do not wish to be late. Have a good day, Mr. Ridley.”
I let him pass. David’s inside the classroom but approaching the door, holding it open for Sam the Driver to enter. He shoots me a dirty look but I don’t notice.
My mind’s a mile off.
Sam isn’t his real name, of that I was certain.
For tax purposes, everyone has to provide a social security number when they enroll in any of our school programs; it’s also my backup in case I ever need to research a student, which I hadn’t needed to do until now.
With Sam the Driver, I knew there was more.
His identity was well-organized and it took my specialist a lot of back-tracking to find that he was actually Ryan D’Andrea – part of a generations-old crime family and nephew to a notorious, recently imprisoned Chicago criminal.


FAT BOTTOMED GIRLS
One night a week, we have an evening martial arts class with just David, Chris, Sadie, and myself. We don’t let others join because the class is more laid back, often vulgar, and we tend to break a lot of rules that would elicit a severe reprimand to any of my normal students.
I even keep the blinds closed.
Tonight’s class should break more rules than usual, and I sigh before saying…
“Alright, Chris. Have uh… have at it, I guess.” 
I join David and Sadie on the floor. (Lizzy is at a friend’s house.) We sit cross-legged in comfortable clothing, one of the rules we break. Chris stands and begins pacing, hands behind his back. He’s in the same sleeveless karate gi as the Cobra Kai Sensei from the movie The Karate Kid – I don’t know where he got it (probably online) but he actually looks pretty good in the black with yellow lining; it makes him appear muscular and rough, his hair pulled back in a blonde tuft. He’s got a fake serious look on his clean-shaven face – I know it’s fake because he doesn’t have a genuinely serious facial expression; I also know that he is taking it seriously since he shaved, something I’ve only seen him do once or twice.
 “We gather here today,” Chris begins with a deep, serious voice, acting as if he were a Roman general about to lead his troops into battle. He stops, brings his fist and the nail of his thumb to his lip, as if pondering deeply, then continues. “We gather here today for a war—what war? The war of the self. Sadie,” he addresses her and looks down, “I can clearly see your boobs.”
He’s right – Sadie has especially large, natural breasts and an especially tight, white sports bra, her dark red nipples clearly visible and incredibly inappropriate. She doesn’t much care as she’s usually naked when she’s home anyway; I see her naked most days (even saw her naked the first day I met her at Chris’ old studio apartment) so the sports bra is actually a step-up. She’s explained numerous times that this is how she feels most comfortable. To be honest, I don’t see many breasts so any breasts are a welcome visual – as long as the students don’t see.
“They are…spectacular,” Chris adds, with an extra moment to stare at her breasts before continuing. “But you’ve seen my meat carriage as well, and we all know what’s goin’ on down there. So…back to my original point,” returns to pacing, hands behind his back, “this is about war—what war? The…” he motions for us to join him and gets aggravated until we do as he wants.
“The war of the self,” we all say, lackluster.
“That’s right. Fuckers. Stand up and prepare to fight, Sadie.”
Sadie jumps to a standing position, pulling her dark, red-hued hair out of its long ponytail to redo it tighter and smaller. Her body is meaty enough to have mass without being chubby, 5’7 with firm arms and legs, and her fair skin always accentuates darkness; it’s not that she’s a dark person, more that her pale skin reflects the darkest of colors vibrantly. Her hair is practically black with just a glint of red, and her dark lashes reach out as if they were hands turned palm up and begging. The pallor of her white skin and the white see-through sports bra further emphasizes the darkest of her natural colors.
Chris plugs in a small stereo at the back of the dojo and hits a few buttons.
“I have some appropriate ambiance,” he informs us, returning.
Chris and Sadie bow to us, each other, and then assume fighter’s stances.
The stereo comes to life with Queen’s “Fat Bottomed Girls”.
Sadie is testing for her brown belt.
Chris is safely a black belt, one belt higher than she will be, if she succeeds.
During the intro, there’s an exchange:
Sadie moves her neck in stretch and it cracks loudly. (Once I found that cracking joints didn’t actually cause cartilage damage or arthritis, I taught Sadie a rule I didn’t teach many – the loud snap of a cracking knuckle is awfully intimidating, so do it at the start of a fight, as loud as possible, and without hands.)
Then Sadie gives the most evil grin I’ve ever seen on the face of a female.
Chris gives a head tilt similar to the one Sam (Ryan) the Driver did when I asked for him to remove his glasses – except Chris’ expression is less curiosity and more worry. On the slightest scale – one only his close friends would recognize – Chris’ face shrinks into its center. His mouth purses as if to the taste of sour. His eyebrows lower as if to the threat of danger. And his head tilts as if an animal caught unaware.
What follows is best described as an “interesting beating”:
Interesting, as their movements are unequivocally fluid. They are symbiotic in their combat. They’ve destroyed their house (not just a room, or a floor—the house they share) having violent sex; I’ve heard it through my walls enough times to sound-proof. As often as I hear them say they’re not a couple, and as often as I see them leave the bar with strangers, watching them fight is inspiring. They have a back-and-forth, a knee for a fist for a back-step for a forward for a low block/jab for a low block/inner-thigh kick distraction/back-hop for an elbow advance/elbow advance/elbow advance for a block/dodge/block.
And beating, as they…are…brutal – in class, I would never let two students give and take the beating Chris and Sadie give one another. Beating, as it…is…vicious. Chris’ nose is bloody and flowing directly into his mouth not even halfway into the battle. Sadie’s left eye will swell and turn black, probably her right as well. There’s a foot-lock Sadie does that was demonstrated to show accurately a move I consider to be improper and a plain ole’ dirty-ass move. Chris screams and twists his way out of it.
David has popcorn and he stuffs a handful into his mouth – we’re both as far from the battle as possible, leaning against the far-wall mirror. He hands me the unbuttered, Healthy Pop popcorn (the only kind I carry in the dojo) and I shove a mouthful into my mouth.
I let it get brutal to equally judge their performances.
Real fighting is brutal – it’s ugly and nasty and unfair. To train someone honestly, without the threat of pain and danger, would be to train a soldier without the sound of gunfire and chaos all around them. The purpose is to defend, to know what you are doing when it needs to be done. And there’s an honest quality that shows when people have no rules. When David was testing for his black belt the second time, I broke his left tibia. The third time we fought, he broke my left wrist and I was out of commission as a music instructor for two months – but David got his black belt. Chris broke his arm in two places testing for his black belt, and he still finished the fight one-handed – the fact that he lost didn’t matter, the fear of pain had passed, and neither is the point.
Just persistence.
Just a disregard for everything except survival – that was the point.
Well, that and to see a fight through to the end…
Even if it was a losing battle.


THE HOLE IN THE SHIP
“Sorry, sweetie,” I tell her. “It’s my fault, I should’ve planned better. But look at it this way – you get a later bed time.”
“Is Sadie gonna be there?” Lizzy asks, perking up for the moment.
Shit.
“Um, no. Sadie probably won’t be there. She got…” bruised so bad that her face was going to be swollen into a ball by morning. (She won her belt.) Chris accepted the challenge of teaching the final two (state-mandated) hours of her massage class with a broken nose. David was still expected to be the musical guest of the evening at Pairadice, as we couldn’t find anyone else on such short notice (and the bastard actually brought in a crowd). All of this left me the job of filling in as bartender for Chris since the only other bartender was out of town.
“…She got what?” Lizzy asked, worried because I didn’t finish my sentence; I was stuck on the wording.
“Oh, nothing bad. Just injured. A little, she’s fine. But uh, we’ll get you some chicken fingers and a Shirley Temple, and you can do your homework and watch your dad until he’s done. Sound cool?”
“Did’ya just say ‘cool’?” she smiles, looking up at me.
“What’s wrong with that? I’m hip—”
“You’re more like, uh…like, replaced hip.”
She laughs, and she laughs hard. Her sense of humor is identical to David’s, which in turn is similar to Chris’. God—she’s solid, a sturdy growing female. She’s only ten years old and I respect her more than most; the world is for her.
“Far-far-far,” I mock laugh, “you’re so funny. Get your stuff.”
Lizzy is slender, skinny for her height. If she had been David’s biological child, it wouldn’t have been a problem considering David and I were always within 5 lb. of the weight/height ratio of being exactly average – always, even currently. We were exactly average for men age 30.39/5’11 (me; sadly, I was born on Groundhog’s Day) and age 27.4/5’9 (him; his birthday is in December). I asked David about her heritage which, in this case, was only her mother’s side. He didn’t know anything about her real father; that asshole had been out of the picture since the beginning. Sarah (Lizzy’s mother) had always been vague about Lizzy’s father, David told me. She only ever said two things about him: he was successful yet still a loser; and, he liked to use the word “pernicious” often and incorrectly. David never thought farther than that he was Lizzy’s father; if he had, it could have become the hole that sank the ship.
That’s a term I’ve come to use a lot lately:
The hole that sinks the ship.
Meaning, the detail that ruins everything.
It’s a feeling deep down, one that occasionally whispers, This will all end One Day, ole’ buddy ole’ pal…One Day, this will end. Luckily, it stays distant – a buoy to signify underwater hazards, one lazily bobbing up and down, just barely visible on the horizon. It’s a feeling I’m aware of, a warning of the One Day when this—this life, this peace that has far exceeded my expectations, when it all ends; there’s got to be a One Day – a One Day when the plans come crashing, when a hole sinks the ship.
But, for the moment, the feeling was in the distance.
And – at least until the occurrence of a hole, until that One Day – this will be my period of happiness, one that will be unsurpassable…even if it ultimately amounts to nothing more than a mutter through gray bars when another inmate asks why I’m smiling.


COCONUT SKINS
I park the car in a vacant parking lot. David’s car is in the same spot as earlier, in front of his classroom on the opposite end of the lot; Sadie’s car and her students’ cars are also there. Lizzy jokes about the emptiness of the parking lot as we walk into the bar, which is also vacant, empty, desolate – and not in a slow-night, figurative kind of way.
Devoid of people entirely.
We enter the empty bar. There’s a stretch of bar tables to the right, their chairs disorderly strewn. I ask that they’re always tucked under their respective table, in their respective spots, as the chairs are exact to the amount of empty spaces. The bar itself, to the left, is minus a tender or customers. Lining the outer area are three high top tables and, just past, the empty dance floor and stage.
I pause, cautious, on high alert. My first thought is always the worst – someone’s here to kill me, a fear that hasn’t scared me in a long time. Only thing that scares me is family – specifically Lizzy in this case – getting hurt. My body grows tense and ready. I tuck her behind me, keeping her close as I slowly move forward along the bar toward the stage area.
Silence.
Nothing.
No one inside, no one outside.
There’s a shuffling in the small room behind the stage.
I pat Lizzy and signal for her to stop as I advance in a crouch. There’s movement and something falls (sounds like a mess when it hits the ground), two pairs of footsteps fumbling, moving.
Fuck! swims forefront my mind as I realize what it is.
I turn to Lizzy, realizing it’s too late.
David stumbles backwards out of the room and onto the stage, his face attached to Kate, the British pop-star he’s been seeing. They’re making out while he’s trying to leave the backroom and she’s doing her best to prevent him. He gets his lips away from hers, takes a step back, then she smiles and giggles and walks a step and extends her neck and kisses him more.
They both appear disheveled.
“Ah, shit,” David guiltily whispers, stopping their fun game. David looks down before he turns to face the inevitable. Kate lets out a tiny, startled yelp when she realizes there are people in the bar.
“Lizzy,” he says, looking at her, “this is Kate.”
Kate’s mouth and eyes widen.
“Kate,” he turns to her, “this is my daughter, Lizzy.”
“Hey, Kate,” Lizzy says, smiling. She waves from halfway across the room.
“Hello, dear,” Kate calls from the stage.
“I thought we were being robbed,” I tell David in an almost scolding manner.
“No, there’s a promotion and open bar in town. Big event.”
David looks around.
We all stand there for a moment.
“Stop makin’is awkward. Dolt,” Kate elbows David in the ribs as she makes her way off the stage towards Lizzy. “’ello dear—” she says to me, nodding in passing without much acknowledgement. We’ve met before and I’m pretty sure she’s made it clear she is neither intimidated nor impressed with me; it’s why I like her, but I don’t know much about her besides that I don’t impress her and the results of an internet search to check her fame: aside from several paparazzi up-skirt pictures, there’s several studio albums with singles that reached high on the U.K. charts, each with moderately good reviews – the most noticeable of which was an album that received four out of five stars in Rolling Stone Magazine.
Kate reaches Lizzy.
“Hello, sweetie. Yer dattie’s told me so much abou’ ya.” They touch hands and Lizzy lifts her head to stare the foot difference between their eye level. Kate’s a bit short, maybe 5’4, and Lizzy’s average at 4’3.
“My ‘dattie’ hasn’t told me about you at all,” Lizzy answers in a fake British accent, still smiling.
They both shoot David an accusatory glance.
He’s frozen on the stage.
“Huh ahh-ummm,” he makes several noises without forming a single word.
I’m already behind the bar opening a 24 ounce bottle of Kitsamura; if I was going to drink, it would be a good beer.
And it was obviously going to be a slow, interesting night.
My brother seems to grow into his looks as he grows older, I note, watching him finally just apologize as he crosses the room to join Lizzy and Kate. David turns 28 in December and his features are still youthful; it’s the reason he maintains a cropped, short beard and hair always parted to the right. Professional but not young – he hates being called young even though he’s the youngest of all of us. He has two pairs of glasses that he switches between – thick-rimmed “nerdy-writer glasses” and thin, sexy/smart glasses (his descriptions of them, not mine) – and they do change his appearance in a significant way: the nerd glasses give him a shy impression, like he’s intelligent but probably awkward; the second pair he wears when trying to attract women, something he doesn’t ever really do. We know when he’s searching for companionship because he changes his glasses but 95% of the time he’s content single. And it’s by choice – when David plays the stage, he can pick up almost any female in a block radius. Lately, though, it’s appeared that he was doing it more out of respect for Lizzy than for his own happiness. Enter Kate – and a one night stand with a British pop-star had extended three and a half weeks.
I overhear one bit of conversation before patrons walk in and sit at an end of the bar cattycorner to the table where Lizzy, David, and Kate sit:
“Kate has to go back home,” he says.
“Whatcha guys want?” I ask the two young, college-aged gentlemen at the end of the bar, flashing the rectangular thumb/index symbol for identification. They prove they’re old enough to drink and order two draft beers. I hand over their drinks, accept their money, return the change, then wipe down the bar in the general direction of the original conversation.
We all knew Kate was supposed to return home but she was supposed to return home a week previous. She was staying in the area and we (including David) didn’t know if it was for him or something else, something we didn’t know about. As they had seen each other most nights, we now just assume it’s for David.
I don’t hear much more from the conversation besides pleasantries and Lizzy’s questions about what it’s like to be a famous British pop-star. Kate’s face is bright, though; she’s beaming. Her big, round cheeks are flush and she’s sitting properly, smiling; it was a pose and looked like she were answering an interviewer on a television show except her straight, bobbed brown hair kept falling over her eyes.
The place floods with more patrons once the promotion in town ends.
Lizzy has her chicken fingers while her and Kate talk most of the night.
Chris shows up at 10:00 to take over bartending.
And David shares the microphone with Kate on a duet of the Damien Rice song Coconut Skins, which ends with the lines:

So you can sit on chimneys
Put some fire up your ass
No need to know what you're doing or looking for
But if anyone should ask
Tell them I've been cooking coconut skins
And we've been hanging out
Tell them God just dropped by to forgive our sins
And relieve us our doubt
La la la la la la la


FRANKENSTEIN
The next morning we meet in Chris’ living room to go over the itinerary.
“You gotta see this,” he tells us, hurriedly stuffing a DVD into the player and turning everything on. “I had a friend put it together.”
“You finished it?” David asks.
“Finished what?” I ask before Chris can answer David, momentarily forgetting that Chris has been filming bits and pieces for months so we could put together a commercial for the school. I’m too busy checking the cushions for any unsightly stains. Without finding any, I sit and stare back.
Chris had designed his house like a college kid might – beer signs, a pool table, tan walls with nicks and scratches and dents (from drunk fooling and sex with Sadie), carpeting already stained, three couches in a living room with a massive television, dirty magazines scattered, underwear in corners (male and female); the only fashion came from Sadie, who had decorated the place with weird but colorful antiques. She had a gargoyle giving the finger on one side of the large television and, on the other, a plastic, gloomy oak tree cut diagonally in the center – both dark. She also hung the artwork on the walls, the pictures of us, everything. It simultaneously feels juvenile and homely.
Chris hits play on the remote while we sit side-by-side, leaning back on one couch with our feet propped up on the back of a second couch in front of us, like stadium seating. The third couch is against the wall, facing the other two. His living room feels a bit dark even in broad daylight.
Then starts the 9 minute commercial for our school.
It can only be described in bits:
First of all, Edgar Winter’s Frankenstein plays the whole time.
Then there’s all the psychedelic colors – images of us fighting in the dojo but it’s impossible to distinguish who’s fighting who as all of the colors are trippy and bright.
“That’s why you had me do that, huh?” David sighs and I don’t know what he’s talking about…until I see the footage of David clearly dressed as a Frankenstein monster. I crack a smile. David the Frankenstein monster turns into trippy colors and begins to dance retro style. David sighs loudly again. “I knew I should’ve asked more questions.”
There’s more, a whole lot more (as the video runs nine-plus minutes):
One part has party robots.
Another longer portion has David the Frankenstein monster jamming out on an electric guitar.
There’s a small animated portion of two people fighting – after a moment, it dawns on me that it’s a digitized image of myself fighting with Chris in a weird slow-motion, except the colors are askew, and words and pictures pop up. Words like “Ow.” Pictures like a bone-snapping. It’s very brief.
“It was a condition that I let the editor animate some of it,” Chris shrugs it off.
The video continues on.
Sadie dancing go-go style.
Me, asleep in a chair with a sandwich on my chest.
“You fuckin’ recorded it?” I angrily bark.
“I was curious whatcher reaction’d be. Should’a prolly guest anger. It is anger, right?” Chris looks into my eyes; I don’t answer. “Yeah. Anger. Noted.”
“It also doesn’t seem to fit with the flow of the rest of it,” David adds.
“You know, that’s kinda what I likt about it.”
“Does this end?” I have to ask.
“I think there’s four more minutes…”
Of more psychedelic colors. And a brief hug between two sock puppets, one dressed as a soldier and one as a hippie. And a minute of David and I playing onstage at Pairadice, including obscene close-ups on our faces. And Lizzy dancing on the sidewalk. And more psychedelic colors.
In the end, my eyeballs feel as though they’re going to jump from my skull.
Chris gets up and stands in front of the television, his face large and happy.
“So what’d you think?” Before we can react—“It’s gonna air once a night for the next three weeks. Local channels seven and nine.” He checks me, then turns his head to David. His smile doesn’t fade. “It cost more to get ten minutes of local air time but—totally worth it.”
We still don’t speak.
“It doesn’t say the name of the school,” I say in order to swallow my fear that people would be relating those images to our school.
“Oh no—don’t worry, it does. The channel has its own closing template. It’ll say our names and the title of the school and the web address in real big—aw, in these awesome lava-lamp letters. It’s awesome, you gotta see it.”
“What’s the number for the local stations?”
“Nine,” David says, watching Chris to make sure he’s right, with both of them saying, in unison, “and seven.”
“No, I mean their phone numb—know what, nevermind. I’m sure I can find it. I’ll see you guys at work.”


MURDER IN THE CITY
The situation escalates.
I can feel my blood warming. My heart beating faster.
“Um…yeah, I mainly just teach uh at the dojo. And my brother David,” I motion to the stage, as David is playing two consecutive nights – Chris’ friends, The Avett Brothers, had been scheduled to play but something serious came up for the cello player and they had to call it off for the night (personally, they’re my favorite), “he teaches the music. I’ve only been teaching the younger class the past few weeks.”
Bethany Walker-Stevens shyly smiles toward the stage a moment. (The Stevens hyphen on her name hadn’t been removed yet, she had told me, but it would be before summer’s end.)
“So you’re a fighter?” she asks me.
“Uh, yeah. Sometimes. I mean,” I nervously scratch the back of my neck, “a fair amount of the time since I teach it. But I’m not scary—I mean to say, I don’t fight…like, random strangers or anything…not, wait—” I clear my throat. “Yeah,” I concede. “I’m a fighter.”
“I’m gentle,” her tone is demure, playful.
She’s a very pretty woman – somewhere in her mid-forties, athletic, with a pert nose, high cheek bones, and black, curly hair always pulled back in a pony tail. Her fourteen year old son, Joshua, is in the young-adult guitar class I’ve been teaching. He’s had a hard time concentrating in class (a part of me thinks it’s because of the departure of the Stevens hyphen) but he’s a good student and, unlike some of the others, he actually practices when he’s not in class.
“Would you like another Cabernet?”
Her drink is nearing completion.
“Sure.”
Pam Noel is standing nearby, listening – mainly just to hear how the conversation is going. Pam Noel is in her late-forties, scraggly brown hair, weathered skin, and married to a bulgy man named Ralph. We all call him Rough Ralph because of his graphite exterior, though he’s a kind man – he’s what I imagine Santa Claus would be like if he were less hairy and trying to fit in. And his laugh overwhelms the bar, something common when he speaks with Chris, whom he really seems to appreciate. It’s funny to see the married couple together, as Pam Noel is tiny and Rough Ralph is a towering giant.
She brings the drink over without either of us speaking.
I go to be causal and cheers Bethany Walker-Stevens…
“And last Christmas, my brother over there at the bar – he…” I hear David.
My head droops.
“I can see he knows what’s coming next,” David continues. “We have a hard time with giving gifts since none of us have many things we want, and we donate a fair amount…” this is David’s spiel every time “...so my brother’s gift last Christmas happened to be the only thing I asked for: for him to join me on stage any time I ask. There’s a maximum of once a week, though. So here’s my once-this-week.” He moves behind stage and brings out the back-up guitar.
“I’m sorry, I-I’ll be right back,” I tell Bethany Walker-Stevens and head for the stage.
“The new one,” David tells me, getting comfy on the stool.
I pull the second stool over and we share the single microphone. The song we perform is one of duel acoustic guitars, written by the band that had been supposed to play that night – The Avett Brothers:

If I get murdered in the city
Don’t go revengin’ in my name
One person dead from such is plenty
No need to go get locked away

When I leave your arms
The things that I think of
No need to get over-alarmed
I’m comin’ home

I wonder which brother is better
Which one our parents love the most
I sure did get in lots of trouble
They said to let the other go

A tear fell from my father’s eyes
I wondered what my dad would say
He said I love you
And I’m proud of you both, in so many different ways

If I get murdered in the city
Go read the letter in my desk
Don’t worry with all my belongings
But pay attention to the list

Make sure my sister knows I loved her
Make sure my mother knows the same
Always remember, there is nothing worth sharing
Like the love that let us share our name
Always remember, there is nothing worth sharing
Like the love that let us share our name

As the song finishes, David puts his hand over the microphone and whispers to me, “You’re welcome.”
Coy and even more nervous than before, Bethany Walker-Stevens has her mouth agape in exaggerated shock when I return.
“What—” I begin, trying to charm by pretending I didn’t just do a pretty amazing job (if I do say so myself)…but I’m cut off when my phone buzzes to life with a hole to sink the ship, a ship whose only cargo was my chance of finally getting laid.


THROUGH A WALL
Sadie’s car is in its usual spot – next to one I don’t recognize, I notice crossing the parking lot to her school. Even the students’ cars are still there, which is weird as they tend to dash off at the strike of quarter-till and it was now 10:15. I get to the front and peer in through a window as I move to the door; it’s hard to see anything as the windows are tinted and covered to protect massage clients but I think I see the outline of a student doing a yoga stretch—
“Hello, Mr. Ridley.”
Sam (Ryan) the Driver startles me. I don’t know how he does it, as it’s almost impossible to catch me off-guard, but he must have been smoking behind a stone pillar or something.
“Jesus,” I curse, annoyed; I hate being startled. He apologizes. “I guess you’re the reason I got the text.” Sadie had sent me a text just saying: COME. We take precautions since her class is made up of young women and they didn’t get out until well after dark.
Sam (Ryan) the Driver tilts his head in that questioning way he often does – his sad, squinty eyes are all the more apparent in the contrast between darkness and the streetlights.
“Nevermind. What can I do for you, kid?”
“Nothing.”
“Nothing? Then why are you hanging out here? You’re holding up the class.”
“I do not follow, Mr. Ridley.”
“Sadie—the instructor. In the class.” I motion to the doors of the massage school. “She won’t let the students out if someone’s lingering out here.”
He’s still staring at me.
“Lingering?” he asks.
“A stranger hanging around outside.”
“Where should I wait then?”
“Wait for what?”
“My girlfriend,” he states, also motioning to the massage school doors.
“She’s—? You’re girlfriend is in the class?”
He nods.
I’m first surprised that I didn’t know he had a girlfriend in Sadie’s class, then turn to the door.
“If it’s not you then…why aren’t they out?”
I try the doors gently, making no sound as I find them locked. Just past the front doors, there is a small kitchen area on the right and another door to the left leading into the open classroom area. With those doors closed, it’s impossible to tell what’s happening inside.
“Stay here,” I tell him, unlocking the dojo.
I walk in, door closed and locked behind me, and turn on the lights.
The blinds are closed and no one on the street can see inside.
On the left-hand wall, there’s a pane of mirror that used to be a doorway into the massage school before we remodeled. We had decided that it would be best to close up the doorway and get rid of the extra entrance, as it didn’t suit either school or serve much purpose; however, once the mirror’s removed, there were only two thin sheets of dry wall and sound-proof padding between the massage school and the dojo.
I lean hard against the wall and listen.
I don’t hear much.
Movement.
Shuffling.
My head shakes in disbelief when my fears are confirmed.
A whimper, crash, groan, and a loud cry.


RED HANDED
Ryan the Driver unlocks the front doors to the school with my key.
“Where is everyone?” he calls out, loud as possible, before opening the second door leading into the massage school.
The room is often empty, about 1500 square feet, except two six foot desks side-by-side in front the chalk board. The open space is sometimes occupied by massage tables set up for practice or discount massages but Ryan finds the space filled with all four students, each on their knees, hands behind their heads, torn fabric as blindfolds over their eyes.
And there are three men.
“Who are you THREE?” he announces, clearly enunciating the last word.
The men have small, dirty white sacks over their faces, with eyes and mouth holes cut out – there’s a black trace around the eyes and mouth (where they must have traced before cutting the holes) that give them each a grotesque appearance. Two of them are larger, the third slumped in a corner, cradling his arm. He looks up from the ground and, even through the sack, Ryan can tell he’s injured and scared. One of the larger men has a woman in front of him, a knife against her throat and her pony-tail in the other hand, holding her head back.
“Who the FUCK are you—Bart, who the fuck is this?” the second man growls, addressing the man with the knife as he walks over to Ryan.
One of the girls on her knees whimpers more than the others, looking up through the blindfold in the direction where she imagines Ryan to be standing.
“It’s okay,” Ryan tells her.
“Just tie him the fuck up, Millhouse. Put him with Jimbo or that cunt instructor,” says Bart with the knife.
Sadie is unconscious, laying on the floor behind the desk.
Millhouse does as he’s told, first shoving Ryan back a step before roughly grabbing his shirt and turning him around.
“All you have is ONE KNIFE?” he announces as Millhouse puts a plastic tie around his right hand.
Bart takes the knife from the girl’s throat. He points the tip of the blade at Ryan, pulling hard on the pony-tail. The girl whimpers loudly. He points to the girl next to her, the girl that Ryan had reassured.
“That yer girl, faggot?” He laughs, then says to Millhouse, “She’s first.”
“DON’T,” Ryan screams at full volume, surprising Millhouse enough to pull his hands free before the right can be slipped into the plastic cuff. He covers his eyes with his hands, screaming, “DON’T HURT ME!”
“Shut that pussy up—”
Bart’s disrupted as the room implodes, then chaos, absolute.
“ON YOUR LEFT!” Ryan screams into the plume of dust and plaster. His eyes are uncovered. He spins and grabs Millhouse by his throat, pushing him back as fast and far as he can. Millhouse is bigger – a few inches taller and outweighing Ryan by at least 40 pounds, but Millhouse backs foot after foot without much control until Ryan has him crashed into the curtains and window. Millhouse cries out as he cracks the thick glass and sinks lower by a foot until Ryan is standing taller, over him, dominating.
As the world crumbles, the massive onslaught of must and drywall particles cloud Bart’s sight. He brings his hands to protect his eyes but there’s someone already behind him. Bart’s in the air, twisting, then on the ground – the pain of his dislocated jaw barely registers before he’s completely unconscious.
Last thing he hears is the howl of a mournful “Noooo!”
Ryan has Millhouse by the throat and helpless against the window, his other hand digging a thumb into Millhouse’s eye socket.


THE CHIEF PATS MY BACK
I have a healthy fear of the police.
They’re the only enemy I’m not sure I can overcome if they get the upper hand.
“So you ran through the wall?” he asks a third time.
“Yes.”
“Straight through?”
“Yes.”
“How is that possible?”
“I never put in studs when we stuck the drywall over the old door.”
“Through a wall?”
I don’t answer a fifth time.
Police Chief C. H. Armstrong raises his eyebrows, impressed.
“You ran through a wall,” he informs me, then laughs and pats my back. “Good for you. What about,” he searches the crowd and finds him, “—what about the kid? Sam?”
“I uh…” I turn and look at him, too. Ryan is talking to another officer, relaying the same story. “I vouch for him.”
“Really?” the Chief looks at me. “You know him?”
“A bit. He’s a student of David’s. Bright, from what I hear. He went in there unarmed and faced all three of ‘em. Brave kid.”
“Actually,” the Chief looks down at his notes, “one of them already had a broken arm from Sadie. She’s a bit groggy now, took a good knock to the head. Concussion but she’ll be fine. Girl’s dangerous. But that damn kid nearly blinded tha’ other bastard.”
“Good,” I say, enjoying the idea that the attacker was somewhere right now suffering from an immense amount of pain. “The kid’s solid. Couldn’t have gone in there without him. He deserves the credit—” I realize a moment late I shouldn’t be placing any spotlight on him “—well, actually, I think we’d both prefer that our names don’t get out on this one. Is that…” I look at the crowd past the police tape, understanding that anonymity may no longer be possible.
“We’ll do our best. Either way, you guys are heroes. These three scum-suckers been hittin’ massage schools all over the east coast.” The chief checks his notes again. “Man schedules a discount massage at a massage school,” he begins listing, “shows up, scopes it out, waits for the students to get comfy, then two other gentlemen come in. Teacher gets bound, girls are sexually attacked. Sacks over their heads. They only use a knife, no guns – say it’s less of a prison sentence if they get caught—we’ll see about that haha. And et cetera.”
“How many times has it happened?” I ask out of curiosity.
“Shit, we only just realized this was even goin’ on. These ass-fucks move around a lot. States only recently started communicatin’, mappin’ it out. They hit schools in PA, Maryland, Ohio, Georgia…” he searches his notes for things that probably aren’t there, “...and other places. I think.”
Chief Armstrong reminds me of an old, weathered judge: sturdy and thick like a tree, with pot-marked face and broad, gray hair. He’s well past his prime and older than you would expect a police chief to maintain his position; however, he’s an appropriate fit for the protector of an area that doesn’t see much crime. And he enjoys pontificating, though he spares me during this brief meeting. I’ve only heard stories of his anger, like the one where his face turned red during an interrogation and the suspect laughed, leading the Chief to staple the suspect’s hand a few times.
I don’t believe it but, you know, it’s interesting to think of him having a temper.
David approaches through the crowd and the police let him pass.
“What happened?” David asks, looking over our shoulders and into the massage school. “Someone break in?”
The Chief laughs, his exuberance taking David back a step.
“More like through!”


A SHADE LESS ORDINARY
The ordeal with the massage school causes life to be a shade less ordinary.
The bar picks up to the point that Chris is needed every night as an extra set of hands. While Jun Kae Do at Dove’s Grove is closed to repair the dry-wall, fourteen free-trial applicants stop by and sign up for classes, causing me to add an extra evening class. David suffers most, first losing a student when Ryan disappears from the face of the Earth – I don’t blame him for leaving – and then our after-dinner “jam sessions” are put on hiatus as the expansion of my class load causes a rift in my attending dinner.
The Massage School at Dove’s Grove has a student drop-out (Ryan’s girlfriend) while nineteen enroll for the next semester; this is mainly because, when David, Chris, and I get calls from the local news asking for details, we give all the credit to Sadie – she broke the arm of an attacker, then blinded another before pushing the final one through a wall into the dojo next door. There’s a few days where reporters show up outside the school, and the phone rings incessantly for about a week, and Sadie’s story becomes a footnote amidst the usual vignettes of horror and violence on the evening news. She loves the attention and gives plenty of interviews. (My favorite quote: “Sometimes it’s nice to hear that someone beat the hell out of evil.”) The headlines read FORMER PORN STAR BEATS RAPISTS and XXX ACTRESS STOPS GROUP OF SEXUAL PREDATORS. There’s a rise in the sale of her old porn DVDs, a nice royalty check, and offers for her to return (which she declines)…
And that’s it.
Business as usual.
The Chamber of Commerce meeting goes as well as a Chamber of Commerce meeting can, and David teaches the massage students self-defense (better late than never); they hang on his every word and one of them signs up for discount classes.
By the beginning of August, the phone stops ringing. The news stops mentioning Sadie. A large amount of my new students stop coming and I end the extra evening class, returning to dinners with Lizzy and David and our nightly practice. Sadie retains a few of the nineteen applicants for the fall but most don’t follow through. The bar slows back to its frequent regulars and occasional youngsters.
Everything falls back into its rightful place, concluding with an odd encounter:
I sent Chief C. H. Armstrong a long e-mail detailing bullshit reasons why we pinned the rescue on Sadie and thanking him for handling the situation so professionally. He responds with a handwritten note, handed over by a passing young deputy named W. Winslow Pickett – all I know of the kid is what I see, which is that he has a thin, poorly developed and misshapen mustache, smells like beans, dark features and skin, and he’s pulling his chin back toward his throat as a sign that he isn’t particularly happy as he passes me the note.
“I seen that,” Deputy Pickett says in a disdainful, accusatory tone; he’s talking about the letter.
“Oh?”
I take the letter from him, his face frozen in a serious expression, his chin practically against his Adam’s apple. He stands there, motioning for me to read it:

Thanks for saving several people from a horrendous fate. No matter who gets the credit, you did a damn fine job, Ridley. I can only hope the dipshit deputy that delivers this note can grow to be as dutiful and quick to act as you.
Chief C. H. Armstrong

Deputy Pickett’s still in front of me when I close the letter.
“I’m no dipshit. Okay?”
He’s surprisingly serious.
“I…didn’t write it?” I practically ask, standing there momentarily confused.
Deputy Pickett shakes his head and crooks an eyebrow at me before leaving.


THE One Day SCENARIO
It’s almost 10:30 a.m. when I walk into The Buffet at Dove’s Grove.
They have the sushi station ready for me, as my daily routine involves sushi at this time every week day: there’s the morning’s delivery of fish in the sushi station ice bin, salmon and tuna meat already prepared; a side of rice and seaweed; and a clean knife on the cutting board. The station is in the center of the buffet and, as most patrons don’t eat sushi, we split the space with a large slab of roast beef beating under a heat lamp.
I sit to eat at my usual spot, a large ice water waiting for me as always.  My hand wraps around the cold glass, enjoying the condensation slipping over my fingers, and I take a hearty drink. As the glass lowers, the only other patron gets my attention as he sits at my table, directly across from me.
“Looooong time,” he drawls out the words, low and menacing.
I stare at him, blank; recognition comes quick.
My face remains blank:
“I told you if I ever saw you again, I would kill you.”
“So be it,” he answers.





a brief interlude about the seven devil nation


The Melting Man
The last day of tracks were a decoy.
Following them, I noticed a different pattern, a more coherent travel: they walked uniformly, thirty-eight feet showing focus – no deviation, no unnecessary stops, no stops period. Not even a full day had passed since nineteen people walked more than 18 hours without a rest or bathroom break, no charcoal pit to roast meat, nothing. As I did when following tracks, I moved at a half-sprint, my body partially crouched – a sacrifice I didn’t like to make: consistent speed for slight visibility.
My bare feet scarcely touched the ground.
Water was my only meal during the day, a low fire at dusk to cook fish from the river. Boar were loud and I only killed them when one would begin to track me, as they sometimes did when I was in their territory – a large amount of their meat and usefulness would go to waste, though; I had neither the time nor tools to bring any of it with me. I traveled light: a sack for water at my side; a tiny backpack with a pipe, the Hacker compound, some necessities, and even two booby-traps; an old, brown handled katana tucked under my belt (right-side, opposite the water sack); a thick, sharpened walking stick that doubled as a fishing spear; the cloth around my waist, which I used for shelter and disguise at night; and the dirty, thin sheath that covered my body.
The ambush grew more obvious shortly before dusk. The paces slowed, their tracks told me. A third—six of them including the one I assumed to be the biggest, whom I nicknamed Maggie—jerked straight left, closer to the river. The other twelve continued on. My assumption was that they were taking to the water for some specific task, to meet up further down the path at some designated spot.
The main set of tracks continued a half-mile north until another six went right.
It was a trap – they were flanking me and I knew it the instant I saw the second divergent tracks. Stopped dead, the silence thick and grimy, sweat sticking the dirt and bugs to my skin…and nothing happened, at least not at first. If they were going to attack, it would be a sniper from afar; they needed me alive but the condition didn’t matter – I could be a quadriplegic as long as he had enough time to stare in my face before I died.
At full sprint – completely sacrificing visibility for speed – I ran back the direction from which I had come and didn’t stop until nausea set in, maybe four miles. (Training had been so intense that I couldn’t remember the last time I had run so fast and far that I was actually exhausted.) My mouth had swollen from thirst and burned at the touch of water on my lips and tongue.
Two burning mouthfuls and I vomited.
Dusk hadn’t yet started but it was near. I had more work than most nights, making camp in almost the same fashion as always (with two exceptions): caught my dinner, two fish in the shallow embankment of the river, wrapping them in leaves to fry after nightfall; cleared a large area for a fire pit to burn safely; walked the parameter at thirty paces, then fifty paces out to learn the terrain and (the first exception) I set two traps; gathered what I needed for the fire, mainly solid, healthy wood but (and this was the second exception) some of it was rotten, dead at the core, and I also gathered a lot of foliage; the beginning stages of the fire were with the sturdy wood, the flames low, quiet, and I quickly fried the fish and inhaled them (this small, quick meal only increased my mountainous hunger); afterward, I added the dead wood and foliage for a bright, loud, smoky fire; and, finally, at the base of a tree some fifteen paces from the roaring, blazing (but well-controlled) fire, I settled—or, more accurately, collapsed—with both traps in front of me, one thirty paces to my left (in the same direction as the first divergent footprints) and the second near fifty paces, closer to the main trail. 
It was difficult not to sleep, even though the cloth wrapped around me was damp and stank horribly of body odor; it had a tendency of collecting the sweat from my waistline. Over time, it had changed color from a light flora to patchy dirt; in daylight, balled up at the base of a tree, it looked like nothing more than a pile of earth. At night, curled beneath it, I was invisible.
And, though there was a mightily fight against it, I fell asleep.
Sometime around 4:00 a.m. a distinct sound woke me:
SHUFFLE…SHUFFLE…SCRAPE…
SHUFFLE…SHUFFLE…SCRAPE…
SHUFFLE…SHUFFLE…SCRAPE…
It was specific – a conscientious creeper. As it got closer, gently growing in volume, I could distinguish the movements - a step, another step, and then a light jabbing at the ground with something like a stick.
SHUFFLE…SHUFFLE…SCRAPE…
SHUFFLE…SHUFFLE…SCRAPE…
Through a hole in the fabric, I looked for the source but couldn’t find it in the darkness – it was less than ten feet from me. In the distance around me, past the sound, I could hear other movement – people sweeping the area, a second and distant third set of the same sounds closing in:
SHUFFLE…SHUFFLE…SCRAPE…
SHUFFLE…SHUFFLE…SCRAPE…
SHUFFLE…SHUFFLE…SCRAPE…
While tracking them, there was a man that blatantly stood out as the largest of the group – by his footprints and pacing I had guessed 6’7, 250-plus lbs.; even in the darkness, even in the distance, I could tell my measurements were close, if a tad under. It was the giant whom I nicknamed Maggie, and he was already at my camp, his menacing, ogre-like frame circling the fire, his tree-trunk arms outstretched like a wrestler about to attack – the tip of his right hand came to a point and I realized he had a dagger clutched in his monstrous, bear-like grip.
A bright FLASH at thirty paces out—someone triggered the white phosphorous. A blaze leapt up through the trees and littered the forest with clear, piercing light. Everything became visible: the man nearest me; a man at his side, about ten paces away; Maggie the ogre at the camp; and there were two others closing in from the opposite side. A howl of pain and, even from the ground, I could see a man covered in what looked like electricity, whizzing and whirring sparks – this was pure luck on top of regular luck, as the tripwire covered over fifteen paces and the poor bastard who tripped it happened to be within a foot of the tiny, propulsive canister; the purpose was to warn and illuminate the enemy’s location, not necessarily maim. His shriek gurgled, fizzled, then abruptly cut out – his throat was melting, as was the entire side of his body. He was dead before the noise even left his lips, smoke wafting from his silent, shocked, still-standing body.
The white phosphorous rained over the sky – the forest would be visible for less than a minute – Maggie the ogre was watching from the fire, bemused, and the two men on the opposing side of the camp continued their search before their “friend” had even hit the ground. The man closest to me stood still as if he could sense my presence; his eyes darted from the melting man, over Maggie the ogre, and around again.
By the time the smoldering man hit the ground, I was standing, sword drawn, feet planted, ready to strike the nearest man—Maggie the ogre’s eyes were pin-point and penetrating my back as I lurched toward the closest man—dashing, the other two men were leaping over brush toward me – and there was a SZZZZZZT! and, just like the incredible melting man, I fell face-first in the dirt, unable to move.


the Scattershot 14


CONTINGENCY
Each of them gets the text I send:
SCATTERSHOT 14
David ends class abruptly and smashes his phone on the sidewalk outside, cursing himself for making a mess as he carefully picks up each of the plastic bits and tosses them in the trash; then he picks Lizzy up from summer school before she’s even had lunch.
Chris stops masturbating only long enough to remove the SIM card from his phone and snap the rest in half; then he quickly finishes. After lazily washing his hands, he heads into the bedroom and pulls from the back of his closet a shrink-wrapped outfit with a personalized signature across the top.
Lizzy’s shrink-wrapped outfit doesn’t have a personal signature but instead a horse/frog-beast drawn on it. It’s a shame to destroy something so creative, she thinks, tearing through it all the same to put on an outfit she had picked out several months earlier. She had grown and it was tighter than she remembered.
“You can’t wear anything you’ve already got on—no shoes, necklaces, nothing. Just the clothes in the bag.”
“Why!” she moans loudly.
In her hand, Lizzy has a metal hairclip that had been her mother’s. It has the picture of a smiling turtle hugging a tired lion and it’s something she wears in the front of her hair every day. “Uncle Sandwich always gets to keep that stupid ring he wears!”
David knows what’s upsetting her and he pauses a moment to decide if he should break one of his brother’s strict rules. Truthfully, David hadn’t saved anything from his time with Sarah, Lizzy’s mother – after her sudden death, it had just been too hard and Lizzy was too young to comprehend what was happening. The hairclip had been something David bought for Lizzy the day he was released from the hospital: having just recovered from a gunshot wound to the chest, he immediately celebrated not dying by letting four-year-old Lizzy pick something out in the hospital gift shop. Lizzy picked the hairclip and forged its past, leading herself to believe that, aside from the few baby photos David had saved of her with her mother, this was her mother’s final possession.
“You can’t bring it just yet but we’re not leaving forever, sweetie. I’m sure we’ll be back tonight,” he consoles her from his bedroom.
“This stupid—can’t ask any stupid questions—stupid,” he can hear her grumbling from her bed, mainly random words combined with ‘stupid’. Her hair is completely over her face, an obvious sign she’s hiding in anger.
David tears through the signature and opens the cellophane wrapped outfit he had picked out alongside Lizzy’s some months back. He removes everything, finishes dressing, and walks into her room.
“Ready?” he asks her, low.
She just puffs, shoves past him, and leaves.
They head a block down the street to find Chris waiting at the bus stop. He nods without speaking and heads down the line to catch a different bus, saving David and Lizzy the extra blocks.
Because of this, they arrive at the Lay Zzz Inn first.
They open the door to room #14 and find it covered in darkness—
“Don’t let her come in here,” I call out to David from the bathroom.
David finds me on the tiled floor of the cramped bathroom, curled in the fetal position.
“What the fuck—what are you doing?…” he asks, smiling.
My eyes dart up with a look similar to that of a wounded animal.
The three bright white bulbs above the sink overwhelm the tiny room, and I get that awful ball in the pit of my stomach like I’m a helpless child stuck in a nightmare; the pain is unbearable and the rough smudge in my sight prevents my eyes from staying open; the blurry, angelic light when they do open, the world gone silent, my head heavy to lift; the poison coursing through my veins causes more and more quick, lucid hallucinations the faster my heart beats, and my heart was beating overtime now that Lizzy was in the hotel room. David hovers over me in an attempt to get a look in my eyes, his face distorting, his eyes shrinking to small black pebbles, his nose a nub and his mouth a thin black line – I wince and shove him away, unable to speak.
“Jesus—” he’s mortified, backing away.
“No…police,” I squeeze out. Breath. “Need…” breath, handing a crumpled piece of paper to David. He reads it:
“‘Adreno’-‘feenol’-‘barbitol’?”
I nod.
“Where do I get that?”
“Hos-hospital.”
“Good, here,” he leans in to help me up, his face passing through the blurry layers until it’s close enough to be clearly defined. There’s maggots falling out of his nose and roaches scurrying from hair. I shriek and cower; he backs away, equally as startled. The hallucinations cause my heart to beat faster, and my heart beating faster causes more hallucinations.
“No hospital…” my eyes roll up into the back of my skull, then fall back “...the police…someone poisoned…me…need you…to restart…heart will…” and my mind melts to mush, my thoughts unintelligible as I mutter my last word, “...stop.”


THIS COULD BE BAD
“Chris!”
David startles him by rushing against the door as soon as he’s through.
“What’d I do?” he asks, a modest yet guilty expression on his face.
“I called a cab,” David says, dazed; he’s more recalling his previous action to himself than informing Chris, who’s sufficiently confused. There’s a wild, unfamiliar look in David’s eyes and he can hear a tiny, murmuring voice coming from the bathroom floor; if he listened close, he would be able to tell that the voice was saying:
“I hope the people in the ground will understand.”
“What’s your brother doing in there?” he asks, concern slowly setting in.
“Um…this could be bad,” David tells himself; the others hear it.
Chris is worried; his thinking is often discernible just from his expression. He tucks his blonde hair behind his ear. Lizzy had been sitting silently on the bed, face covered by her hair, but she pushes it behind her ears in a motion identical to Chris’. She had been thinking Uncle Sandwich was acting like a spazy-schizo – something he did every so often.
“What’s wrong now?” she asks.
A moment absent all noise.
Chris just inside the door…
David beside Chris and next to Lizzy…
Lizzy on the bed, hands in her lap…
“This is what we do. Chris,” David is in gear and no longer lacking forward momentum; he turns to Chris, “you need to go to the hospital. A cab’s already on its way. I need to stay with my brother—I need to get a defibulator. I need to stay incase his heart…” he looks at Lizzy and decides not to say it. Back to Chris, “You go—hey, speak with that nurse you used to see—”
“Brenda?” Chris asks, shrugging as he tries to remember the name.
“Whatever. We need a very specific drug—we need it now.”
He checks his watch.
“Wait, wha—how?” Chris tries to ask.
“Find a way. And you,” he turns to Lizzy and meets her mournful gaze. “Oh sweetie, I’m sorry, sweetie,” he uses his soothing voice, hastily sitting next to her, sloppily caressing the back of her hair. She usually hates the patronizing manner of this but, unlike when he normally does it to make up for bad news, this time it’s off, too rapid and uncontrolled; for the first time, she can feel a lack of “heart in the touch” (something Sadie had been teaching her, dealing with massage). It’s vacant. “You can’t be here for this, sweetie. I need you…” he hates himself, “...to go with Chris. Your job—” David thinks a moment. “I need you to be brave, sweetie. Your job’s just to be brave.”
David hands Chris the crumpled piece of paper his brother had been clutching.
“The second you get this,” he tells Chris, pointing to the drug on the list, “you give it to Lizzy and,” he turns to Lizzy, “you take the cab back here as fast as you can. You don’t talk to anyone. You don’t stop, nothing. No one.”
David takes the money from his wallet, shoving the bills into Chris’ chest and letting them fall as he quickly bends to face Lizzy at her height.
“Sweetie, look at me.”
Lizzy’s eyes are focused but finding it hard to look into her father’s eyes.
“I love you. Okay?” She nods. “And everything will be just fine. Okay?” She nods. “But I need you to be super brave today. Okay?” She nods.
“Can you,” he shoots Chris a glance, “accomplish this for me?”
“Yes,” Chris nods, and David gets a level of sincerity from him that’s seldom (if ever) been used before.
“This is gonna work. We’re gonna be fine. Gimme kiss,” he kisses Lizzy as Chris pulls back the front curtain.
A cab is parked across four spots, waiting in front of their room.


MAN WITH THE PLAN
Chris gives the cab driver a $20 to use his cell phone for a quick internet search of the drug.
“Adreno-phenyl-barbitol,” he skims, “is a blocker of ‘nok’…a ‘nok-i’…a ‘no-ki’—”
“Nociceptor,” the cabbie corrects him without much distraction from driving.
Chris looks at him a moment, then returns to reading:
“It’s most commonly used…” and perks up with information, “...to prevent fatal poisoning by certain slower-acting psychotropic compounds that would otherwise result in cardiac arrest or the meltdown of central and peripheral nervous system functions.”
Lizzy looks at him.
“Wha’s that mean?” her brow is scrunched.
“I think it means…” and Chris thinks a moment, concerned, “...we should hurry.”
The cab pulls along the front of the hospital. Chris thanks the driver, handing over two hundred dollars. “You pull up over there,” Chris points behind them, “and keep it runnin’ until I come back out. You keep this child right here, safe. You do this until I come back and there’ll be another two hundred.”
The cab driver gives him a quizzical look and Chris quickly answers a question before it’s asked—“She’s my niece. Impor’int family business.”
The cabbie nods, not quite believing but not especially caring, either.
Before Chris enters the hospital, he turns and finds Lizzy following him.
“No pickle, you get back in that cab—”
“You’re gonna need my help, duh,” the resilient girl lets him know.
“Not a chance, pickle.”
“You don’t have a choice, I’m coming. Adreno-phenyl-barbitol – two is better than one.”
As he reaches for her, she slips from his grasp and runs into the hospital.
Chris tells the cabbie that the girl will be back out in a minute and the two hundred still stands if he just waits; then he enters the hospital.
“Is…Brenda?…working today?” Chris asks the large woman behind the information desk; it’s obvious he doesn’t know who he’s looking for.
“Do you have the last name, sir?” she responds, unimpressed.
“I barely had the first,” Chris mumbles to himself, his back already toward the woman while his eyes frantically search the lobby for another option; he finds an answer (he’s not sure if it’s the answer) just as Lizzy tugs on his shirt. He looks down. She’s pointing up. He looks up.
“Cardiac – cardiology,” she reads. “Third floor.”
Chris pats Lizzy’s back, moving them both aside as the lobby flows with people.
“You are too smart, pickles. There or the emergency room?”
“Split up,” she demands rather than suggests.
“Not a chance, pickle.”
“Two is better than one,” she reminds him, watching Chris waver as she’s caught him off-guard with logic. As he realizes how obvious it is that he can’t let a ten year old child run around a hospital, stealing medicine, Lizzy’s out and ducking into a passing group of people before he can stop her.
“Wait—no, get back—fuck,” he curses; a nearby elderly woman rolling her wheelchair toward the exit aims a dirty, albeit fleeting and unsure, look at him.
Lizzy’s out of sight almost instantly.


EMERGENCY ROOM
Chris hits a button and the doors open to the chaos of a busy Emergency Room. Two nurses and a doctor rush a gurney past, on which lays a disheveled man, his lips blue, his frightened eyes staring up at the ceiling as his body shakes.
A third nurse follows behind reading from a chart.
“—found him on the shoreline two miles north.” And just as they round a corner, Chris catches the hint of two useful words: “—overdose—hallucinating—” He moves to round the corner behind the gurney when a nurse steps in front of him.
“Excuse me, sir, you can’t be in here,” she warns, stopping him from moving forward.
“No, he’s—they just took my…” she reads Chris’ face and recognizes the look of a lying male (she’s got a fourteen year old son and an ex-husband) “...son—friend, I mean, a friend of my son’s.” It’s obvious he’s not getting past her; he decides another route, checking her nametag. “Look, Miss…Walker-Stevens—what’s your first name?”
“My first name?” she gives him a surprised look of interest. “Well, around here people call by my nickname, which is ‘get-back-behind-those-fucking-doors-you-just-walked-through-and-stop-wasting-my-time.’” Her voice is stern and Chris finds himself simultaneously alarmed and attracted to her as he backs a step (“That’s an…) and backs a step (“...unnecessarily long…”) and backs a step (“...nickname, lots of hyphens…”) until he’s successfully against the closed doors; with a step forward, he takes his eyes off Bethany Walker-Stevens to hit the button to the door just in time to catch an idea through an open passageway.
She watches him until he’s gone.


THE DEATH OF MR. RIDLEY
David goes to the front desk of the motel but stops himself before entering as he needs to ask the clerk for a defibulator or the location of one.
If they ask why, he would just stand there staring dumbfounded.
He paces outside the motel lobby, rehearsing and planning a lie:
“I—we, my friends…we need a defibulator…because…he has heart trouble. One of them. And, we need to check and make sure it works—or, we need to keep it in our room. In case it happens suddenly. ‘Why doesn’t he go to the hospital?’ Good question, because…he’s…agoraphobic.”
David checks his watch and decides he doesn’t have time to do better. When he walks inside the small front office, a scruffy older man in a tight, dirty white tee-shirt stares at him through thick glasses, holding the backpack-like defibulator upright and balancing on the counter top.
“We don’t usually ask no questions ‘bout it,” he says.
David approaches with a confused look because of the statement; then realizes the man already has the defibulator in his hands; then realizes the man must have heard him rehearsing the lie outside; then, David blushes.
“You break it, you bought that expensive fucker, though,” the man says.
David doesn’t quite believe it and nods, carefully putting both hands on the plastic casing and removing it from under the grasp of the older man.
The older man’s turned his attention elsewhere before David’s even left.
His brother is dead when he returns to room #14.
“No-no-no Jesus Christ,” he’s at his side, opening the casing of the defibulator and bringing the paddles out. He hits several familiar buttons; as a teacher, he had to be certified in CPR and proper resuscitation – not by state law but because his brother told him so. The power level of the defibulator blinks yellow; the level has to raise seven bars to red, which should take precisely one minute, fourteen seconds.
David’s brother is crouched in the corner like a wounded animal, and David lays him flat, pulling off his shirt and checking the carotid artery before manually pumping his chest.
“One-two-three-come on, come on-seven-eight-nine,” David counts.
He plugs his brother’s nose and breathes into his mouth, into his mouth; checks for a pulse and does it all again. The defibulator beeps. He clutches the paddles so tight the plastic makes a crinkling noise. BOOOM-BOOM – his brother’s chest pumps up, then back down. David checks for a pulse. Nothing. He does it all again from the start. “One-two-three-come on, come on, come on,” then breaths in his mouth. The defibulator beeps. BOOOM-BOOM – his brother’s chest pumps up, then back down…
His brother comes back, first with a gasp and then short breaths.
His heart rate is low but beating steadily.
David falls back over his knees, his ass hitting the ground, and he backs a little until his head is against the sink. He wipes the tears from his terrified face.
His brother’s eyes open and he whispers, “Mans el-Ray Pasquale.”
Then he’s unconscious again.


CARDIOLOGY
Lizzy wanders the hallway, following it around each corner of the large rectangular floor. There’s a nurses’ station at the center and, even though she sticks to the outer edge, an older woman corners her.
Lizzy braces for a scolding.
“Hello, young lady,” the woman’s voice is kind. “Are you lost?”
“Uhhhhhh,” Lizzy’s shock is apparent only in that first second, “yes, ma’am. My daddy’s around here somewhere and I’m—I’m scared,” she says, shaking her head in an attempt to believe her own story, “and-and-and I was outside…playing and I scraped my knee,” she bends, rubbing her knee, “and it’s bleeding and I came up here to find my daddy but I don’t think he’s on this floor.”
“Aw, sweetie. Do you know what area he’s in?”
“No.”
The woman turns to head back to the station.
“We’ll find him, sugar. What’s his name?”
“His name?…” her eyes explore nearby details “...is daddy, that’s what I call him…but his real name is…Pot—I mean Pat. Pat…Ruffles…kin. Don’t leave me,” she runs to the side of the nurse.
“Oh deary, I’m just gon’ do a quick search on my little computer. What was his name?”
“Pat Ruffleskin.”
Lizzy peers over the counter to the nurses’ station.
“Come on now,” the woman huffs, scowling at the computer.
“Do you have any band-aids?” Lizzy asks in an attempt to distract her.
“Yeah sugar, we got plenty band-aids. Lemme find your daddy and then I’ll fix you up peachy keen—hey Cassandra,” she calls over to an approaching nurse, “this p.o.s. computer ain’t finding this poor lil’ girl’s daddy.”
“Ask her if he was just admitted?” Nurse Cassandra ignores Lizzy even as she stands directly opposite her at the counter.
“Sugar, was he just admitted or discharged or anything?”
The exchange goes on for a while, with Lizzy trying to give a successful reason as to why he might not be in the computer (“Yeah, he was just admitted.”) but finding each answer receives the opposite result (“Oh, then he should definitely be in the computer.”); finally, the older woman announces Lizzy’s name on the loudspeaker (“Would the parents of Lucy Ruffleskin come to the third floor nurses’ station…”) and then she takes her to a back room that is tiny yet astonishingly tall – several feet taller than Lizzy can reach – and the shelves nearly touch the ceiling.
“Wow! There’s so much stuff in here. Super-cool!” she exclaims, ignoring how silly she sounds. “How do you find whatcha need?”
“We just know, sugar. Think each wall is alphabetized from bottom-to-top, least it used to be. Prolly all fudged up by know. Plop yerself in that seat.”
Lizzy sits on a rolly-chair, spinning in half-circles, her eyes squinting at the abundance of medical supplies; many of the labels involve far more consonants than any English word has the right to have.
“What kind of band-aid do you want, sugar?” the older woman asks, her back to Lizzy as she bends, huffing, stretching her entire left side towards a bottom shelf and boxes of children’s band-aids. “Looks like we got mermaids or princesses.”
“You don’t have any…plain purple?”
 “Nope. Mermaids. Princesses.”
Lizzy tries as hard as she can to think of a way to get the woman to leave her in the back room alone. Maybe if she just waited long enough—except that the woman would find no scratch on her knee and, sooner or later, she’d wise up to the fact that no one named Pat Ruffleskin was in the hospital.
“Princess is fine. Can I put it on myself?” she asks, her hands clutching the bottom of the rolly chair, doofy smile plastered across her face, her knees swinging right and left as if she were barely able to contain her excitement.
Nervousness is overwhelming her, excitement.
I’m a fantastic liar, she realizes.
Why don’t I do it more often?
“Sure, sugar. Let me clean it first.”
“Ummmm…” she’s about to say her daddy doesn’t let strangers touch her when the woman puts a stop to it.
“Ain’t no excuses, darlin’. You don’t want it infected and I got some ointment over here.” She catches worry on Lizzy’s face. “Oh ha ha, don’t you worry, sugar. It won’t hurt, I promise.”
“Okay,” Lizzy whimpers nervously, the woman close enough for her scent (a potent combination of jasmine and mint) to overwhelm.
Lizzy bends, pulling up her pant leg to the knee—
“Dr. Allcome to E.R.” the P.A. announces. “Dr. Allcome to the E.R. please.”
“Oh lord Jesus!” the woman complains. “Stay here, child.”
She leaves a moment to call the main office, expecting the “All Come” sign to involve young Lucy and her father, Pat Ruffleskin.
“Nope,” the woman at the front desk tells her, “some man got hisself caught stealin’ medical supplies from an ambulance. Think it was that guy that used to date that nurse Brenda. One of the doctors in E.R. seen him. They’re just puttin’ out a notice – keep an eye out for anythin’ suspicious, anythin’ missin’.”
“Good to know. Ain’t no one shown up to claim this young’un yet?”
“Nope.”
“Hey, Lucy,” she calls out to the room around the corner, “sweetie? Hey Lucy, is there anyone we can call? Where’s your mommy?” Back to the phone, “Hold on.”
The line is paused a moment.
When the nurse returns to the phone a moment later, she laughs, “Girl, I think I just seen a ghost. That suspicious enough for you?”
A princess band-aid on the abandoned, slow-spinning rolly chair was all that remained of young Lucy Ruffleskin.


AMBULANCE
“Remain seated, sir. And calm down.”
“I-I am k-k-calm,” Chris has trouble responding through a face covered in snot and tears, and he can’t even wipe it away now that his hands are cuffed behind his back.
The deputy stares down at him but Chris is unable to stare back.
“Dude—” Chris tries pleading again but the remnants of the pepper spray, as well as the deputy, prevent him from speaking further.
“You will address me as Deputy Pickett, not ‘dude’. I didn’t become a deputy to be called—”
“Lo-look,” Chris sniffles and an involuntary whine escapes his lips, “let’s jus’-jus’ take a step back, man.”
“Not ‘man’—not ‘man’ or ‘dude’ or ‘bro’. I told you to address me,” his anger grows with every word Chris speaks, “as Deputy Pickett. Or so help me…”
Chris smears a bit of the slime from his face onto his shoulder, trying mightily through the excruciating pain to open his eyes. He succeeds but can only open one, with anything past three feet a silhouette.
There’s the shadow of a woman about ten feet from him, standing cross-armed and nervously smoking – Nurse Walker-Stevens. Chris gives her a squinty, smiling nod of acknowledgement as he responds to the deputy, “Whatever you say, Cochise.” And even through the pain, the snot, the tears, Chris maintains the smile.
The deputy gives an exasperated sigh.
“I’ma get the taser—”
“Is that a mustache?” Chris asks, squinting up – he’s speaking of the thin line of hair on Deputy Pickett’s upper lip. “Where’d you get that, seventh grade?” He chuckles and mumbles to himself, “Hard to see even without the pepper spray.”
The deputy doesn’t say anything, his face shaking and turning red from anger.
“Face so red, looks like you got pepper sprayed, too,” Chris jokes.
Deputy Pickett kicks him hard in the hip.
Chris leans to the side, groaning.
The silhouette of Nurse Walker-Stevens approaches until Chris can see her face clearly.
“Wilkins Winslow Pickett, you do NOT EVER kick an unarmed man.”
“Kick him?” he looks down at Chris, mock laughing, “Kick him? I’m gonna taze him—”
“Wilkins, you rotten little child! You will do no such thing or your grammie’s gonna hear every word.” [“I love you,” Chris tells her from the ground but neither the deputy nor the nurse pay him much attention.] “You will not touch this man until Chief Armstrong—”
“But he was provoking me,” Deputy Pickett whines.
“Well, I still have my pepper spray if he gets out of hand.”
Chris rubs and rubs his eyes until his vision clears a bit more.
A couple dozen yards away, the shadow of a little girl comes out of the front entrance to the hospital and hails a patiently waiting cab. The girl stands frozen at the open door to the cab, her body turned in Chris’ direction. Nonchalantly, he nods and flicks the hands cuffed behind his back in a motion for her to continue on.
The shadow of the little girl raises her dark arm.
Chris can’t make out the shadow but it’s a tiny thumbs up.


THE CALM
While his brother sleeps, David hears him repeat the same words in a low, mumbling tone – distant, like he’s whispering it to someone in a far off dream.
“...Mans el-Ray Pasquale…”
When he does finally wake – two full days after the initial incident – his first statement is the same group of words he had been repeating the entire time:
“Mans el-Ray Pasquale.”
They had figured it was gibberish, just some Spanish phrase he clinged to while recovering. David had searched the internet for any sequence of the words and found an eerily relevant article:

Philadelphia, PA – Former Senate Aide for Republican Senator Richard Atwater died Tuesday of complications from pneumonia.
A morning-crew cleaning woman for Spencer Crafts Hotels found the body of Mans el-Ray Pasquale, 34, lying lifeless on the floor when she entered to clean his room at 8:45 Tuesday morning. Paramedics were called and Pasquale was announced dead on the scene. The CCPD has released a statement naming the cause of death as likely to be due to complications from pneumonia, though results from an autopsy are pending.
In an official press release, Senator Atwater described Mans el-Ray as a hardworking individual that had only recently left his office for personal reasons. He went on to call the incident a “damn shame” and that he was “grateful to have had Pasquale as a part of the team.”
Mans el-Ray lived with his wife and four year old son in rural New Jersey. First interning on the campaign for former Mayor Douglas Rincard, he ascended to the position of Senate Aide at the beginning of last year. For reasons not yet known, he exited the Senator’s cabinet earlier this month, citing personal reasons, and had since been staying in various hotels around Philadelphia.
“It’s sad,” Ally Masoncourt, a close friend, had said of the incident. “He was a sweet man but just a private person…and I guess it got the best of him.”

“I need to speak to Mans el-Ray Pasquale,” a hoarse voice whispers.
David notices I’m awake only after I form a full sentence.
“Hey,” he says in a soft tone, “how do you feel?”
“...weak.”
“What do you need?”
“I-I need to speak to Mans el-Ray Pasquale,” I say again.
“Is that a man in Philadelphia?” David asks, curious.
“Yes.”
“You can’t, then,” David tells me, leaning over with a glass of water. “Drink this.” I drain the entire tall glass of water. “Mans el-Ray Pasquale was found dead in a hotel room in Philly a few days ago.”
I breathe deeply after finishing the water, staring up at my brother.
“Then I need to go to Philly.”
“No—what? Look at me – hey! Look at me. What – in – the – fuck – just happened?” he asks angrily, leaning in.
“I…” and it’s just as hard to find the words as to speak them.
“I deserve to know. Our lives—our lives are probably in danger, right?” David asks, and he has a point.
“No, they’re not in dan—”
“I don’t believe you! You don’t—what you did, in front of Lizzy! What – the – fuck – happened out there? I want to know.”
“Someone I haven’t seen in a…in a long time – they showed up while I was eating. They uh…they poisoned me with a very specific poison,” deep sigh, “it was something that had been given to me before. A very specific place, very specific poison, very specific group of people – and this visitor put it in my water before I got to the table. I…” clear my throat several times, “They…we have an old grudge and the person…they came to warn me.”
“And he tried to kill you? The fuck kind of warning is that?”
“It’s…it’s complicated.”
I’m hoping that’s the end of it; David stares back, waiting, and when I don’t say any more, he pounds the table with his fist, then sticks a finger in my face:
“You’re a fucking asshole,” he growls. “Lizzy—what you did…the scare you put in her—in me! You fucking died in front of me! Do you have any idea how FUCKING SCARY THAT IS!” he screams, lowering the volume but maintaining the intensity, the fury, “How – fucking – dare you! Next time, either die or go to the hospital – don’t you fucking call me like that again. You—you promised it was over,” his lip quivers.
I’m unsure if it’s anger or sadness.
“I’m sorry. I was wrong. I think something bad is about to happen and…and I have to stop it.”





a brief interlude about the seven devil nation


The Marauder’s Trap
The familiar smell of opium and tobacco woke me at dawn.
Someone was close against me, their face downturned, smoke from a pipe between their lips unavoidably billowing into my face, deep up both nostrils.
His eyes connected to mine briefly.
His name was Steve and he was from Cincinnati.
I stifled a cough, my eyes hazy from the smoke but – as he moved away to pull something out of a bag – focus was impossible and the forest was swirling. My first thought was that his opium had affected me; when he forces me to hit the pipe, blowing the smoke in my face, I’m positive it’s affected me.
“Whazzzz,” but I couldn’t function enough to speak properly.
Sensing this reaction, Steve whispered, “It’s stronger than we expected.”
Is he talking about the opium in his pipe? What’s…happening, is it…my head, it hurts, and it’s all, like, brain-groggy…eyes refuse to see anything clearly – everything was blurred except…in the distance, there was a black smudge, but it was coming toward me, moving—no, floating at me, faster, picking up more and more speed – a fucking black-robed, hulking beast running—no, floating full speed toward me—
I gasped, closed my eyes, and something stung my neck with such pain.
When he pulled away, the blurry outline of Steve had a clear, visible creature held between his fingers like a syringe – large, hissing, its single fang with a drip of clear venom, its thousand tiny legs scuttling desperately to be placed back on the ground.
He whispered quickly in response to my immediate panic:
“Uhl bitey-nine. Sh!”
He put a finger over his lips adjacent the pipe, but his finger detached from his hand and crawled entirely up into his nose, causing his eyes!—they went ghost-white and his skin turned to scabs, falling off in clumps onto my legs. When I tried to brush them off, both hands struggled behind me, fighting against the brown skin of a rough snake wrapping my wrists and tying me to a large—it was a post, a roman column behind me when I turned to look, and my gaze lifted to see it go so far into the sky that it didn’t end – but on a perch not twenty feet overhead sat a big-eyed, sickly green and yellow-tinged gargoyle staring down with black, slimy drool falling from his mouth and onto the scabs in my lap—when I cringed to look away, the dozens of scabs on my lap grew legs like spiders but with too many, closer to nine or eleven, uneven in their number legs as they grew out in all angles of the misshapen creatures—
Something painful.
—white FLASH—
Unconscious.


*	*	*


And I woke to a group of strangers arguing loudly.
Less than a tenth of what they said was decipherable:
Time – something about time – waiting, maybe…they spoke so fast, in such a strange dialect, it sounded like a single sound being repeated, followed by a word I recognized, followed by the sound again…mmmm mmmm mm mmmmm mm mmmmm fail mmmm mm mmmm lake, maybe…they were behind me and I couldn’t see how many there were but, listening, there was at least four different voices – each one making a different sound.
Zzzzzz zzz zzzz z zzz zzzzz zz tail zzz zzzzzzzz.
Dddd dd dddddddd death. Death ddd dd d death dddddd.
Finally, one spoke in a voice I understood clearly:
“You will do as you – are – told, you jackanapes!” a snooty female voice indignantly scolded in a refreshing English, only the slight gauzy mask of a South African accent to throw me off. “If I say he stays here – ALIVE – then he stays right bloody here, alive. Translate.”
Another voice translated (it sounded like an effeminate male), then listened to the three men simultaneously respond in loud, argumentative, nasty bursts, then returned with their translation:
“Um, oh dear, they are not happy.” The voice was definitely male, possibly South African, and effeminate. “One of their own was killed last night – they want more money.”
“They can have his share,” she answered like it was an after-thought.
About ten feet from me, she passed and I caught a muddled profile from the side – tall, sporty, gray-blonde hair in a…bun, maybe—I was still hazy, my eyes unable to determine small details.
“He’s awake, get over here,” she called calmly.
A tall stick of a man rounded the tree and, keeping a distance of about five feet from the tip of my bare toes, squatted close to the ground.
“Charne, can you check your bag for the needles?” he asked the woman.
“Busy, Albert,” she responded.
A blurry swarm of blotches, and I could barely discern four or five figures – one of them large as a bear, one hand still clutching a dagger and arms spread wide like a wrestler—it was Maggie the ogre! Finally, a familiar face. The other men gathered behind Maggie the Ogre, who was behind the thin man named Albert – Albert was balancing on bended knees and, even without the ability to define features, I was certain the thin man was staring with curiosity while the others had nothing but anger, contempt.
“The poison,” the thin man said, standing to face the woman I could no longer see, “it’s got to be affecting him.” He checks his watch. “And it’s going to get much worse.”
Maggie the Ogre and his four friends mumbled their curses in low voices, careful not to be disruptive, but their chorus of whispered threats were like a pack of low-growling wolves waiting for their prey to die or venture just far enough from safety.
“Why do you say that?” I heard the woman ask, placing the voice behind some brush; it was followed by the faint sound of her urinating.
Slowly, like a camera on autofocus as it shifts foreground to background to foreground, details were coming in and out, close, distant, close.
“Well, for one, he’s not screaming yet,” the man said, using his shirt to clean tiny, circular spectacles, then he mumbled “savages” under his breath, returning the glasses to his face before continuing, “...it’s been several hours, so it—well, it should’ve taken full effect. Or it is right now.”
The thin man named Albert bended down again – cautious, crouching on both knees so as not to dirty himself – while his eyes searched me carefully. My head rolled back, limp, and I gave a short yelp toward the treetops; I stopped, looked around, and covered my face with the most fearful expression I could physically muster; then I backed up closer against the tree, cowering. I was pretending. These two, Albert and the women, they didn’t appear to be from here but they knew enough about these bandits to identify their favorite weapon, the poison of the Amerwoncik, and its side-effects.
[The five men laughed; one of them sounded like they hexed me.]
“Nevermind,” the thin man shouted before realizing the woman was at his side, handing down a tiny purse.
Something about the woman’s feet gripped my attention – open-toed sandals, not especially well-tread, but that wasn’t it:
Her toes were manicured.
My neck muscles tensed so hard my head shook, my face turning beat red, and I lifted up, eyes wide open as if I was convulsing – before I was to lay it on thick and go into full-on cardiac arrest, I glared at the old woman looking back at me in disgust. She stepped forward, her shiny, plastic face clear. “Don’t get—” the thin man had begun but the woman was already close.
With a swift movement, she slapped me clear across the face.
“He’s faking,” she said with certainty.
Dazed, a series of thoughts ran through my head:
Who the fuck are you?
Am I still hallucinating?
What the fuck is happening?
She hadn’t moved from her spot close to me, saying:
“Welcome, Mr. Ridley. We’ve been looking for you.”


the next nine days


THE NO-ONE’S-DOWN PLAN
Once I regain consciousness, David leaves and doesn’t return.
I spend an extra day in the hotel room.
While there, I have this phone conversation with my brother:
“I think you and Chris and Lizzy – I think you guys should take a vacation. Maybe Canada—”
“Uh, I’m not going to Canada.”
“Why not?”
“Remember? The book signing – I got New York at the end of next week and London at the beginning of the week after. It’s the reason Kate’s still here…”
I had completely forgotten about David’s recent book, Captain Rivet & The Fantastic Ambruster, since he had completed and finalized it seven months earlier; this was the fifth in a series of children’s books that were growing (albeit slow and moderate) in popularity with each release. Enough time had passed for him to nearly complete the sixth in the series but, as with any time he published a book, the publishing house asked that he do a few signings in New York and London.
“You found out a reason why Kate’s still here?”
“I’m pretty sure she just doesn’t want to go home,” he says, an answer Chris and I had hinted at before, trying to be earnest without sounding harsh. “But she’s going back when I go, promised to show me the city in ways I haven’t seen – since I fucking hate London—wait-wait-wait, you know what?” His tone changes – short, angry – as if remembering something, but he doesn’t say anything more.
“What about Lizzy?” I ask, breaking his angry silence.
“Well, I guess there’s no way I’m going to let her anywhere near you now, can I? Which reminds me, are you going to be well enough to come to the bar tomorrow night?”
“Yeah…why?”
“Good – we’re having a meeting. Be there by 7:00.” Pause. “We done?”
He doesn’t wait for an answer before—
Click.


*	*	*


The next conversation is with Chris, also over the phone:
“So…—”
“Ah, fuck. What’s it now?” he responds quickly, like a child awaiting scolding.
“How would you like to take a trip to Canada?”
“Fuck that noise. I hate Canada.”
“What? Why?”
“It’s cold an’ French and I don’t trust any place that doesn’t have enough irrigated land—”
“What? Fine, where do you want to go?”
“What do you mean, where do I wanna go? What—dude, what the fuck happened to you, man?” he asks with a mixture of anxiety and anger.
“I was poisoned—look, David’s leaving town next week and I think it’s probably best if we all do.”
“Aw, man, what the fuck, man?” he groans, obviously upset.
“Look, all expenses paid vacation out of town. Wherever you want to go, on me. I just want us to clear out of here until I can figure a few things out.”
“This is so not cool.” He thinks a moment. “If I’m goin’ anywhere, I want to go home—I mean, not home here. Home, where my family used ta be. I’ve been thinking about it lately. Mississippi, I ain’t been there since I’m twelve. Wait, when’re you talkin’ ‘bout leavin’?”
Pause.
“As soon as possible. David’s taking Lizzy to New York and London next week.”
“And where are you goin’?”
“I’m…uh, I guess I’m also going home.”


WITHHOLDING AND “OVERPROTECTIVE”
I find everyone stepped up their A-game while I was gone – most impressively (and surprisingly) is Kate: she bartended on a slow Monday when Pam Noel called out and, the second night, David begrudgingly asked her to watch Lizzy. About mid-way into his relationship (and for the first time ever), I had told David that he was being “overprotective” by not letting Lizzy meet Kate; if he was going to see her often, over weeks, then it was appropriate – even if it was going to end.
“But I can’t do that to Lizzy – what if she gets attached and forms like a mother-daughter thing and then it ends and she’s heartbroken?”
“Yeah but she spends like a quarter of her time with Sadie and that hasn’t—”
“Sadie’s not going anywhere anytime soon but how do you think she’d feel if Sadie just suddenly left?”
“Like any of us would, David. If Kate’s a part of your life – and she isn’t leaving tomorrow, she isn’t planning on leaving just yet…it becomes withholding after a while, almost lying. That’s all I’m going to say – you’re the parent, it’s your call. Maybe there’s no right answer.”
We both had a point and, now that they had accidentally met (as an awkward result of David’s poor handling of the situation, something I like to remind him), the outcome doesn’t surprise me at all: In Lizzy’s words, the evening with Kate was awesome – Kate “spoiled the hell” out of her, knew how to have fun, spoke to her “like an adult for once” (one thing about Kate was that she always cursed a blue streak), and that Kate understood her.
The last part worried David; the next part worried me.
On top of all that, Kate had formed a friendship with Sadie – an aspect that did give me pause. I may not know Kate especially well but I do know Sadie; both enjoy drinking and having a raucous good time, and Sadie can be a beautiful, swirling force of nature. That’s enough to cause me worry – she found a foul-mouthed drinking partner. David had asked Sadie to check on Kate the Monday that she bartended and inadvertently caused a friendship that now seems like it was destined to happen; it’s a wonder it hadn’t occurred sooner.
Of course, it only took three nights of friendship between Sadie and Kate before the police arrived to find the aftermath of what can easily be described as “the biggest fight Pairadice has ever or will ever see.”


THE OUT-OF-TOWNERS
It starts when the front door opens hard enough to slam against the wall.
As if it’s a uniform, the four gentlemen that march in one-by-one are all in blue jeans, tank tops, and dark-colored suit jackets; each is covered in more gaudy accessories than the last and none of them remove their sunglasses. The five women accompanying them show a bit more variation: all wear high heels, head-to-toe garish jewelry, and short, low-cut dresses, but they each have a different color scheme.
From the start, they’re loud.
“We got this table?” one of them asks a regular sitting alone, his implication being that he would like it – it’s the least rude encounter all night, and the regular nods without trouble, taking a seat at the bar. The group pushes three tables together, commandeering a large section of the floor near the bathrooms. The males remove their suit jackets to flaunt massive, bulgy, unnatural muscles.
“Ew,” Sadie says when she notices the men’s arms and necks. Kate turns to check what elicited the response and makes a similar noise. She forms a tiny ball with her thumb and index fingers, which Sadie doesn’t understand, so Kate whispers, “’Cause’a steroids. Tiny balls and peckars.”
They laugh heartily.
The apparent ringleader – the one that slammed open the front door; the one with the least hair – approaches the bar. “Hey—” he snaps his fingers, rudely interrupting the conversation Pam Noel was having with Bethany Walker-Stevens at the other end of the bar. When Pam turns her tiny frame toward him, he turns his back to her and calls across the bar, “Whatchu douchebags drinkin’?” The entire table clamors, every voice rising louder and louder to be heard over every other voice until they forget about the drinks and resort to a round of vicious name-calling.
“Yo, they retarded yo but I got ‘em,” he tells Pam Noel. “Bring us nine shot glasses-ah…” he leans over the bar, lifting his sunglasses to look at the liquor shelf, finally mumbling to himself that it’s “all shit” and ordering, “A bottle’a Patron. Unopent. And let’s get uh…five appletinis and four Natty Ice – you got Natty on draft?” He leans back and looks at the taps, noticing that Sadie and Kate are quietly watching him with inquisitive expressions on their faces, as if two scientists watching a new species.
“What up, ladies?” he asks, arching his brow and lowering the sunglasses.
This causes an instantaneous and loud, single syllable “Ha” from Kate, a gut-reaction that escapes before she’s even aware of it. Sadie tilts her head a little, trying to understand this particular specimen of man. There’s a sincere look of mystification on her face as the ringleader continues to wait for a response.
...a moment of staring between all parties…
“And four lite drafts, yo,” he says slowly, off-guard from the unanswered encounter, while turning back to Pam Noel, his eyes and half his interest with Sadie and Kate an extra few seconds. Pam Noel sets an “unopent” bottle of Patron on the counter. The ring leader takes the bottle to the table and returns with a crony. Before taking the three stacks of three shot glasses, he very deliberately reaches into his pocket and pulls out a black metal credit card, holding it out in an elaborate way to show it off.
“Put all our shit on that,” he says.
“And get them two girls some drinks on us,” his crony says about Sadie and Kate, “—not her, though,” he sneers at Bethany.
“Think they dykes,” the ringleader says a bit low but by no means in an attempt to be inaudible.
“Hey, you—” Kate starts, “You, yea.”
[“Oh shit, she’s got an accent,” the crony exclaims without anyone paying him attention.]
“Whatchu want, sugar?” the ringleader says, shifting to suave mode.
“An’one evah say thatcha look like a guerilla wit’out ‘air.” Sadie chuckles hard and tries to cover her mouth but Kate turns to her, lightly slapping her shoulder, continuing, making Sadie laugh harder. “For som’on that don’ have no fuckin’ ‘air – to look like’a creat’ah known fa’ havin’ hair—for bein’ cover’t in ‘air, tha’s amazing. ‘Airless guerilla—ah, fuck me,” Kate says, holding off as long as she can until finally succumbing to Sadie’s snickering; their laughs join together, growing into boisterous guffaws. The ringleader spits out something vulgar – the crony seems amused enough – but there’s no funny response except to take back the drinks to their table.
“He’s right, I totally wanna lez out with you right now,” Sadie tells Kate.
“Maybe lat’ah, dearie. I’m sure yer wonderful, bein’ in porn an’ such.”
“You have no idea…” and Sadie describes some techniques in particular.
They forget about the rude gentlemen and his ignorant posse for a moment as Bethany scoots several seats closer to Sadie and Kate. The bar’s at half-capacity, lower than usual because the live music had to be cancelled. (David told everyone some of the electronics short-circuited but, in reality, he had run out of excuses to leave and be alone, plan, think.) The older crowd stays on or around the dance floor, swaying to Fleetwood Mac as it plays on the jukebox. Some of the younger folk had been at bar tables near the rambunctious newcomers but they either move to the bar or leave outright.
“Mind if I join you?” Bethany asks, timidly.
“Not – at – all, darlin’,” Kate says, “butcha should know wer crass.”
“That’s fine. Better than…” and she motions to the group at the table behind them.
Bethany Walker-Stevens introduces herself.
“I don’t get many nights without my son,” she says, “only when he’s with his dad – so this is my uh my night to relax. And this is the only bar I can walk to so it’s either here or home.”
Bethany sighs.
 “Well, Bethany, we’ll keep ya close and safe,” Sadie promises.
“No rough stuff tonight, nope,” Kate agrees.


WHEN I GROW UP
The bar loses most of its patrons by midnight.
The out-of-towners migrate to the dance floor and, straight away, the older crowd leaves – all except one fedora-wearing old man. He pulls a chair against the wall and sits comfortably, a half-empty bottle of beer resting against his knee as he spends the evening apprehensively gawking at the dance floor and the lewd grinding that follows; from under the hat’s rim, his eyes occasionally glance to the door as if fearful of watching such an indecent show.
Kate and Sadie are well-lubricated – five shots, four drinks, and counting – but Bethany’s nursed each of her Bay Breezes at least an hour. Pam Noel is propped up on the beer cooler behind the bar, sipping at her third mixed drink while describing the feeling of her cold metal seat and its impact on her “flat ass”, as she describes it.
“Sadie, yer so lucky,” Pam Noel begins to compliment Sadie’s ass but stops to get up and yell a quick “Hey!” toward the stage, where one of the men has disappeared into the back.
The lights over the bar dim, then return.
The lights over the tables dim, then return.
The lights over the dance floor dim—“Yea, boy!” one of the women shouts—the lights stay dimmed but the man doesn’t emerge. The music glitches, goes silent, then comes back with loud techno.
Finally, the man comes back out.
“You want—I should yell at them?” Sadie asks, steadying herself on the stool.
“No dear, I’m gonna call David or Mr. Ridley,” Pam says, picking up the phone.
“Aw, baby girl. Na’ tonight, Ritley’s out of town and Davit’s with Lizzy,” Kate says, a tiny bit more sober than Sadie.
“Where’s Chris?” Pam hangs up the phone.
“I don’t know. He ain’t home. Them boys’ are up to somethin’,” Sadie nods, looking from Kate to Bethany, who’s intrigued and asks,
“Like what?”
“Like…I dunno. They got like, some secret club or shit—but Chris won’t tell me. Hey, maybe one of you can try and have sex with him…but, like, don’t give it up until he tells you. I-I beat the shit out of him—still give it up but—eh, I don’t know. David ever say anything to you?”
Kate thinks a moment.
“Na’ really – mean, Davit’s pri’y open. For’a dude, anyways.”
“And Mr. Ridley,” Sadie chuckles, “that man’s another planet—he a whole different world. I betcha none of us couldn’t even get his favorite color outta him. Scary – I’d fuck ‘em but, scary. Intense. And he never tried,” she says the last part to herself before coming back to ponder aloud, “I wonder if he’s gay…”
“Why do you think that?” Bethany asks a bit hurriedly.
“’Cause he’s never with a girl. Never with a boy either but he’s just a loner—wait, you totally want Mr. Ridley, don’t you!” Sadie laughs, adding, “Yer just as dirty as us.”
Bethany blushes.
“Swee’eart, lemme tell ya this – yer beautiful. How old are you? Thir’y-five?” Kate has an earnest look in her eyes.
“Forty-two,” she finally admits.
“Swee’eart – I’ve spoken with Ritley a couple’a times and…he’s a tough cookie, dear. Don’t getcher hopes up but I’ll put in’a good word. Personally, I think he’s a bla’y alien.”
Bethany gives an appreciative nod before excusing herself to use the bathroom.
“Look—” Sadie points to a girl on the dance floor – she’s not wearing underwear and her entire undercarriage flashes each time she twirls or lets a guy lift her up. “Oh my, look—there it is again. Whoa, that girl is all lips.”
Kate bursts with uncontrollable laughter.
Behind them, a woman with long, poorly dyed blonde hair does her best to stand in front of the door to the woman’s bathroom, half-leaning on the ridge of a nearby chair to balance. As Bethany approaches, the woman holds a hand out to stop her.
“Ssssseat’s taken,” she slurs, her eyes half-open; she’s talking about the woman’s bathroom.
A few polite moments pass where no words are exchanged.
With a courteous smile, Bethany finally has to ask, “Is she going to be much longer?” Her eyes move from the wobbly woman to a nearby goon leaning against the wall.
“Bi’ch, sit yer old ass down an’ wait yer turn—Don’ be smilin’ at my man,” the woman’s disdain is loud and it draws Sadie and Kate’s attention. She wobbles again, spitting out the words “Old piece’a trash” while narrowing her eyes to focus clearly on something three feet in front of her.
Bethany gasps, terribly offended.
The wobbly woman takes a step back to prevent herself from falling down, then staggers forward two steps and intentionally dumps half a drink down the front of Bethany’s shirt.
Sadie and Kate watch as the nearby goon laughs.
“Oh shit!” another bulky douchebag goads from the dance floor, “Corky, you crazy, girl.”
Once they all notice Bethany backing away – shaking with horror and anger, her shirt soaking wet – each of the out-of-towners give a snicker or catcall, congratulating Corky on her victory.
Corky raises the empty martini glass in triumph, stumbling.
Bethany makes a dash for the exit but Sadie stops her, linking arms to redirect her in a drunk circle back toward the crowd of nasty out-of-towners. Together, arm-in-arm, Sadie calmly walks Bethany back to her stool at the bar; she forces her to face the crowd on the dance floor.
“It’s okay,” she whispers in Bethany’s ear and gives her a tiny peck on the cheek.
Kate’s already up and disappeared behind the stage, unplugging the music. (As they watched the woman accost Bethany Walker-Stevens, they had had a brief exchange where Sadie asked Kate if she could fight and Kate responded: “I don’ know how to fight but I sure as fuck know when to.”) The bar’s silent a moment as the out-of-towners mull around the dance floor, aware that their fun is coming to an end; among the many unending obscenities they hurl, only one is clearly audible:
“Aw, did you call the cops?” one of them asks Pam, condescendingly.
“Not yet,” Pam snidely answers.
Sadie pulls her hair back tight and ties it, yelling, “Make sure the plug for the jukebox speaker is back in the sound system please.”
Kate reemerges from backstage, signaling that it’s done.
The dance floor is slowly abandoned as the men and women return to their table and their belongings, each of them spitting a seemingly infinite combination of vulgarities at Sadie, Kate, Bethany, Pam, and the gentleman in the fedora, still nursing half a beer. The only person that doesn’t move to gather her belongings is wobbly ole’ Corky, and Sadie calmly passes her on the way to the jukebox. She doesn’t even look at the music selection: G7.
As Sadie passes Corky again, she stops to look in her eyes.
“You got som’n ttttsay, bi’ch?” she slurs, swiveling her neck side-to-side.
Sadie steps forward and smacks wobbly ole’ Corky right dab in the center of her forehead – not hard but enough for Corky to lose balance and slip, knocking over the chair that had been providing her stability. From the ground comes a few incoherent mumbles as Corky tries to sit up; finding it too difficult, she laughs and remains on her back.
As these ridiculous actions slowly register to the out-of-towners, Sadie positions herself in the center of the dance floor, facing the group as she loudly cracks her neck—Standing beside her, Kate cracks her knuckles, equally loud.
The song “When I Grow Up” by the Pussycat Dolls begins loud enough to drown out any other sound in the bar.
One of the three remaining woman – ugly as sin, with a pointed witch-nose and brunette hair chopped short like a boy’s – begins incessantly nagging in a high-pitched voice for the men to “teach that cunt a lesson.”
Kate smiles.
Sadie points a gun-like finger at the ringleader, mouthing the word:
“Guerilla.”
The men, after sharing a glance with one another, shrug and approach. The girl with the witch-nose follows at their side, nagging in a horrendous screech, “Hit that bitch, Don, hit her—she don’t know you, fuck that skank up fo’ smacking Corky and shit, she ain’t know—she ain’t know—” and then she turns to look Sadie in the face “—my boy gon’ beat yer stupid slut face, whore! He gon—”
A fist catches the girl square in the jaw, knocking her flat-out unconscious.
The girl lands hard on her face as Kate shakes her hand in pain.
Astonished, the ringleader lifts a backhand and Kate flinches—the tip of Sadie’s foot hits his face between his nose and upper lip. He’s unprepared for a blow to the face and it knocks him back so hard that he crashes through the door to the woman’s bathroom, shattering it lengthwise in half. A girl with her head in a wastebasket and her ass on the toilet seat maneuvers her face just enough to see what’s happening.
Mayhem ensues.
Sadie is hit in the face by a wild swing from someone – she rebounds, sneering.
A chair is swung hard and hits one of the men in his shoulder, shattering. The man groans but doesn’t fall down until Kate, noticing he’s distracted, kicks him directly in the balls. Of the two remaining females – one hides behind her boyfriend while the other jets full speed for the exit only to trip and fall face first; after skidding across the floor an extra two feet, she looks back to find Bethany Walker-Stevens’ foot sticking outright. One of the men bear-hugs Kate. She kicks against every surface and gnashes her teeth. The man keeps her tight against his body, squeezing enough to knock the wind out of her—but he wanders too close to the bar and is hit in the back of the head by a bottle of Dewars, and he falls to the ground unconscious.
Sadie leisurely ambles in a circle around the last man standing – his girlfriend cowering behind him, sobbing and hiccupping. He covers his chin with fat, balled fists, moving in rigid jerks to prevent Sadie from getting behind him – his girlfriend gasps each time he jerks, afraid she’ll be left defenseless.
Kate approaches without them noticing:
“Get the fuck outta here.”
The girl practically climbs up her boyfriend and they nearly topple over like a capsized ship. When the man regains balance, he finds Sadie pointing at the exit. Kate moves aside. The man heaves his hysterical girlfriend over his shoulder and leaves.
Pam Noel finishes her call to the police and hangs up.
Several out-of-towners groan from the floor; those that can get up, leave.
Corky mumbles incoherently from the floor, laughing occasionally.
Kate and Sadie return to their seats at the bar.
“So anyway, you want Mr. Ridley, do you…” Sadie says, urging Bethany to continue talking.
Bethany Walker-Stevens laughs, disbelieving.
And from his corner, the old man in the fedora finishes his beer and applauds.


FOLLOWED
When I enter the bar for the meeting with David, three people tell me that Chief C. H. Armstrong is looking for me:
Pam Noel finishes her story of Sadie, Kate, and the out-of-towners with a quick:
“You could do well from some time around Bethany.” Moment’s thought. “Oh, and Chief Armstrong’s looking for you, too. I don’t know why but he’s been askin’ about you since the day you up’n left—where’d you go, exactly?”
“Uh, out of town. On business. Finance business. Investments. And so on.”
“Oh, anything interesting.”
“Far from it.”
And as Chris enters the bar:
“Chief of Police is lookin’ for yah – could be because I used your name to get me outta’a jam at the hospital, when I was tryin’ ta steal medicine outta’a ambulance. Let me off with a warnin’ though some crazy-ass nurse pepper-sprayed me and some dipshit deputy cursed me somethin’ fierce—Hey, you’re a paranoid fuck, maybe you’ll appreciate this – I think this black Lincoln’s been following me.”
“Black Lincoln?” I ask, unfamiliar with the car.
“Not like a black Abe Lincoln – a black Lincoln town car. Kinda longer, bigger car. Could be just someone local but…I dunno, you got me spooked and I’ve been seein’ a black Lincoln driving around a lot lately, and whoever’s in it ain’t come to the school or the bar or nothin’. So I don’t know. Figured I’d tell you since you’d prolly sniff it out.”
Chris had a tendency to be over-paranoid—or, more accurately, paranoid about things that didn’t add up to much: he once told me that the same brand of mayo appeared everywhere, including the massage school, all of our houses, and that it was the only brand in the grocery stores, insinuating a mayo conspiracy.
The car worry, though, seemed legitimate enough.
“Duly noted, Chris – I’ll keep an eye out.”
And when David enters, holding the door open for Lizzy and Kate to walk in behind him, he calls over:
 “Chief Anderson—”
“Armstrong,” I correct him, “And I know.”
David shuts off the neon red OPEN light on the front window; him and Chris begin moving tables around, combining four tables into one large one.
“He’s called four times,” David continues while I watch. “Are you going to prison?”
Everyone turns to check my reaction.
“No,” I scoff and they take it as a good sign; truthfully, I don’t know how much the police know, so…
“Pam, when’s—” David turns to the bar but, as if on cue, the large frame of Pam’s husband Ralph pushes in through the door, “Opp, nevermind. Who else are we missing? Just Sadie?…”
No one answers.
They organize chairs around the table and everyone except Pam and I takes a seat.
“What are you waiting for?” David asks me, narrowing his eyes.
“What’s happening?” I ask, growing nervous.
“Call Sadie,” David orders Chris before answering me, “And this? Oh, since everything’s changing, I gathered everyone. It’s a…a family meeting, if you will. Now take a seat.”


STENOGRAPHER
Around four tables combined to form one large square sit Pam Noel, her husband Ralph, Sadie, Lizzy, David, Kate, Chris, and myself:


FIRST ORDER OF BUSINESS


DAVID: Alright, let’s start off with the fact that the martial arts school will be shutting down indefinitely. [refers to notes on his electronic scheduler] I’ve refunded the student’s tuition for this month—
SADIE: What, why?—
PAM: Really?—
DAVID [to eli]: Field this one.
MR. RIDLEY: Uh…I have to make a trip back home, to Philadelphia. It’s—I don’t know when I’m going to come back just yet.
LIZZY: Why?
MR. RIDLEY: Um, some unfinished business. I can’t go much into it but—I’m not leaving forever, I’m coming back. I just…I’m not sure exactly when.
SADIE: What’s gonna happen to the school?
DAVID: Good questions…


SECOND ORDER OF BUSINESS


DAVID [cont’d]: Chris and I were thinking about turning the middle section into something for photography in the meantime. [looks at reactions] As we’re all sort of in this together now – oh, actually, Pam—[pam looks at david clearly] Second order of business is that you’re being promoted to general manager of Pairadice. You’re in charge of bar scheduling, hours, payroll, et cetera. We’ll go over everything over the next few days but, uh, if you’re up to it…
PAM: Absolutely.


THIRD ORDER OF BUSINESS


DAVID: Good. So, everyone’s equal in this decision. Even you, Ralph – you get to be the outside perspective. Let’s do this democratically – we need a new school lesson, something we know and can teach. Chris and I were thinking photography since he has a background. But uh, let’s hear some ideas.
LIZZY: A daycare.
DAVID: That’s a good idea, sweetie. [takes notes on electronic scheduler] I’ll find out what we’d need. What else?
PAM: I like the photography idea.
RALPH: Avionics…
DAVID: Go on, Ralph.
[goes on an hour, ideas and back-and-forth, and ends with several options that need research]


FOURTH ORDER OF BUSINESS


DAVID: Okay, next on the agenda – travel. Lizzy and Chris will be going to Mississippi for the short break before her school starts September 1st. And Kate—
MR. RIDLEY: Lizzy’s going with—
DAVID [rudely continues without acknowledging]: —and I will be going to New York next week, then London, both for book signings. It appears that Kate will be joining me there but, sadly [a fleeting glance toward kate; serious] she will not be returning to the States.
KATE: I’m sor’y. You lot are’a grea’ bunch, rea’y – but I have ta get home.
[sadie groans, already aware]
DAVID: So Wednesday, the day before we leave for New York, we’re throwing a huge party here. The bar will be closed to anyone else during the day. Everyone [speaks as though finishing a list], invite whomever you wish – we are going to have fun all day. [glances at me] Need to get it in while we can, right? Who knows, might be the last time we’re all together like this. [fake, obnoxious chuckle]


THE LATE ENTRANT


DAVID: Next…[at the sound of the door] ma’am, we’re—
[woman enters, surprised by a group of people; blushes profusely]
BETHANY [panicked]: —oh my God, I’m sorry, I didn’t—
PAM: No, this is my friend Bethany Walker-Stevens. I forgot I invited her.
[chris looks up with vague recognition]
BETHANY [cont’d]: —rry, to interrupt, Pam told me—
DAVID: Oh, good. Another outside opinion, more the merrier. Why don’t you have a seat next to…my brother. We’re just about done.
BETHANY: I’ll just—are you sure? I can wait outside.
DAVID: Absolutely not, sit next to my brother. [points]


FINAL ORDER OF BUSINESS


DAVID: And, last order of business, my brother has…[slightly melodramatic] he’s just been so GRATEFUL…so APPRECIATIVE of everyone—and if you didn’t know this about him, he is just so wealthy—my brother’s granted everyone a very generous BONUS this year for being just so…[to me] What were the words you used?
[everyone’s excitement slows while they look at me]
MR. RIDLEY: Uh…what? [pause] What I said, was…that I was very, um grateful, and just so…appreciative—basically just what David said and—
DAVID [rudely interrupts]: Well, on behalf of everyone—including you, Lizzy, and even you, Bethany, you can have a bonus too ‘cause he’s just that wealthy—on behalf of everyone [raises an invisible glass] thanks for the $10,000 bonuses you’ve given us.
[everyone is aware of david’s anger]
DAVID [cont’d]: —It’s just—it’s too generous, I told him, it’s just too much—but he told me, he said, “There’s no way to take it back, it’s too late, already done, everyone’ll be seeing it in their next week’s paycheck.” To my brother – the starter and ender.
[some pretend to raise invisible glasses]
SADIE: What’s going on between you two?
DAVID: What? Nothing.
MR. RIDLEY: I’m just uh, a bit out of it. Celebrate. You guys, you all deserve it. Honestly. He’s right. You’ve stuck with me this long [look to my brother] and you deserve to be rewarded for putting up with me all this time.
[david glares; the crowd gets a bit loud talking to one another about money] 
PAM: —oh my God, Mr. Ridley, that’s so wonderful – thank you so much—
RALPH: —I need to come work for you—


[and to the side]
LIZZY: Uncle Sandwich didn’t really promise that, did he, dad?
DAVID [to lizzy]: Hush up, of course he did.


[and to the side]
SADIE: Bit hard to believe.
CHRIS: We earned it.


QUESTIONS


DAVID: Questions?
SADIE: Why is it I can raise one eyebrow [raises her right eyebrow] but not my left? [tries but looks awkward]
[ralph lets out a boisterous laugh that shakes the place]
CHRIS [motioning to sadie’s face]: That’s what I look like when I’m being electrocuted—wait, [turning] that’s where I know you [to bethany walker-stevens, who seems to recognize chris at the same moment] – you’re the nurse that pepper-sprayed me.
BETHANY [under her breath]: Oh God…
CHRIS [cont’d; excited]: Hey, remember me? Man, only a few days ago. ‘Member? I was in the back of that ambulance…come on, you totally gotta remember, it was only a few days ago…
BETHANY: Yes…I remember…
CHRIS: Hey. [loss for words] So…what’ve you been up to?
DAVID: Moving on. Any real questions?
PAM: I got some real questions about this pepper-spray situation—what happened?
DAVID: I [waits to see if the horrified look on bethany’s face changes] think it best to move on – though I too could stand to hear a bit more.
KATE: I got a question – Why are you actin’ so blo’y rude to your bruh’er?
DAVID: Sorry, we…we argued a bit about the bonuses – I’m still a bit sour. Right? [looks at me]
[i nod]
KATE: Bull-shite. What’s really going on?
DAVID: Nothing – [to everyone] Meeting is adjourned. Sadie’s gonna return to class. Chris, you’re training Avery. [to me] You’re training Pam. Ralph, feel free to stay – free drinks on us. From here on out—[looks up, determinedly] New rule, Ralph—and Bethany, free drinks. They don’t have to pay anymore. Lizzy and I are gonna go home for dinner and school work. And…[checks his notes a final time] Disperse.


THE TIME AND THE DAYS


As happens when you want the moment to slow, for time to linger and lazy about and slow as it drains the sand – time moves so damn fast; and not much important happens, nothing earth-shattering or life-changing, but these moments, the days I wait to leave, are the moments I remember most.
There’s day drinking, and I finally get laid on a sunny afternoon.
There’s a soulful confession. 
Chief C. H. Armstrong finally tracks me down. 
There’s a lot of conversing between my team and I, as I’ve sent them to Philadelphia early – I postpone leaving until Wednesday so I can be there for the farewell party.
Lizzy and I have our farewell.
And there’s a very bothersome phone conversation.


THE EX-GAMES
“What’s Timoom?” Bethany Walker asks me about my brother’s first book, Bombing Timoom.
She had finally received notice that the Stevens-hyphen had been removed.
“One of the characters in the book couldn’t read – it was actually based on a friend of his. I met him a few times. I’m not even sure if he just befriended him to write the character accurately. Marcus…Nesmen? Nesbeth?” I call over to David, “What was the name of that kid, you based Ronkulous on him?”
David’s sitting at a table near the bar, not seven feet from Bethany and I. He doesn’t look at me, continuing to face Kate, and he hollers, “Brandon Marcus.” Then he returns to his conversation.
Chris and Sadie are messing around on the dance floor, their laughs ranging from low giggles to loud cackles and hoots.
There’s a horrendous rainstorm outside, one that’s lasted two days – we’ve done our stretches in our living rooms since the day of the meeting. That all of the elements aligned to bring us together on a rainy afternoon was nothing short of a phenomenon: training Pam Noel had been a waste of time as she was sufficiently knowledgeable on everything except payroll; Chris was to be training Avery, the new bartender, but she had called out at the last second because of flooding in her apartment; David had no morning classes and came in with Kate when Chris beckoned; Sadie brought Chris lunch when he decided to hang around; and Bethany had the day off and had stopped by to give something to Pam Noel.
And no one left after arriving, probably to avoid shit weather and pelting rain.
“Timoom was what the boy saw when he tried to read the words ‘the moon’. It’s uh, it’s rather sad, actually. The district sucked so bad that a kid had made it to junior year of high school and still couldn’t read. Sort of the point of the book. But…drink – I mean, that’s the answer. Doesn’t have much to do with me, though.”
Bethany and I play a drinking game that my ex-girlfriend dragged me into the day I met her – you ask a question, any question, and once you get the answer you have to take a shot; it leads to more personal questions and a shortcut in understanding the person you’re dealing with.
Jokingly, I suggested the game to Bethany and, surprisingly, she agreed.
 “You’re right, let me ask another one. Why’d you open a bar?”
“This…isn’t fair. You’re asking two questions.”
She sips the straw of her water, chin down with a sly, innocent glance.
“...but okay. Go ahead. What was your question?”
“Yay,” she says, ready, “why did you open a bar? This is the first time I’ve ever seen you drink.”
“What do you mean? See me here often, do you?”
She gives another innocuous glance.
“Maybe a few times.”
“Interesting. I opened the bar because I took the first girl I ever loved, Matilda,” and I look around, admiringly, “to a bar that looks very similar to this one on the day I met her. In fact, that was when she taught me this drinking game.”
“Aw, that’s romantic,” Bethany says with a hint of jealousy. “Where’s the lucky lady—”
“Dead. She died. Very long time ago.”
“Oh. I’m sorry.”
“It’s okay. I did what I had to to get over it.”
And then I call out, “Cheers to getting over it.”
It’s a cheers to everyone in the bar.
Sadie and Chris practically hang on each other, laughing as they awkwardly slow dance to a fast song; they turn and lift their draft beers. David doesn’t even turn to face me, just lifting his rum and coke in the opposite direction; I notice he doesn’t drink after lowering the glass back down. Kate winks at me and does the same. Bethany clinks the shot glass against mine, a bit of purplish-red liquid spilling onto the bar.
We all drink.


LITTLEST THINGS
I’m hazy on the details leading up to it – I think an abrupt end to the rainstorm – but everything starts with the song “Littlest Things” by Lily Allen as it plays over the speakers of all three houses.
…David and Kate silently walk hand-in-hand, David leading her up the stairs after hitting PLAY on his stereo. The storm had ended, the sun peaking over clouds with a bright yellow glow against the vibrantly-colored walls. She takes his glasses off. The two of them are passionate, concise, wrapping around each other as they fall onto the bed…
…Chris and Sadie start in the hallway past the front door not a minute after they’ve entered the house. She turns and stops him from walking any further, cracking her neck loud – then she tilts her head toward him with the most evil grin a woman can carry on a beautiful face. Chris gives a head tilt, less curious and more worried. And then she advances…
“So…” I call out over the music.
Bethany sits on my couch, checking her watch – I take this as a bad sign.
“I have to be home in two hours,” she informs me.
“That’s fine. We can just…”
She looks up at me, the fragility gone from her eyes. Often, when she speaks, it’s timid and calm; there’s a gentleness and, though the soft of her manner hasn’t left, there’s an almost frank look about her. I’m standing next to her, as I had been about to head to the kitchen for refreshments, but she stops me by running her hand under my shirt and up against the skin of my chest.
It brings me to my knees…
…Chris hits the wall hard enough to break the drywall, his arms up in defense as she tries to strike him twice more. He falls into the living room, spins on the floor, returns to standing – though retreating – as Sadie walks in, strike-after-strike-after-strike. He turns, moving forward, and grabs her by the hair on the back of her head. He pulls back and she yelps, punching him once in the chest. He grabs the arm, unaffected by the hit, and pulls it behind her back; his elbow blocks her other arm. Their chests are together. He pulls her hair back and to the side so he can kiss her lips. She kisses back, fiercely, and bites his lower lip. He bends his knee sideways and uses his kneecap to nudge out the back of her left leg, bringing her down – though, as she falls, she aims to knee him in the gut…
…and David and Kate climb under the thin white blanket of the bed. The sun has a clear shot of them through the window, illuminating every inch of skin through the covers. They stay under the blanket, him moving down between her legs – she grunts, eventually stopping him. She tries to lay him back to kiss his body on her way down but he stops her. They’re sweating. He’s on his back and he pulls her over him and close against his skin, kissing her lips as she straddles his waist. His hands move to her ass, her head lifts in a moan, and he bites softly at her chin…
…I’m kneeling beside Bethany, kissing her lips – that first lock into the unknown, when you can’t anticipate the feeling of that one person and their lips, their wandering hands, their moans or how they feel against you, how they taste and smell in such close proximity, how their inches, their idiosyncratic nooks and crevices and smalls and curves – there’s a refreshing orange-yellow light as our lips lock, the sun peering through the window to shine as if it’s come to sneak a look at us, and her fingers [—there’s a loud thud against the wall—] grab at my shirt, twist upward, and carry it over my head…
…the fridge rocks hard and hits the wall behind it. He lifts her and throws her onto the counter. She kicks but he deflects and moves in closer, ripping her legs open. Their clothes are spread everywhere, most of them torn and unable to be worn again. She ducks and opens the cabinet, aiming for his forehead. He narrowly dodges it, giving her a smile at the creativity, then puts his fingers around her throat, forcefully pushing the back of her head into the closed cabinet, her head leaning up when he releases, gently pecking at the sides of his neck…
…and he whispers, “I love you,” staring into her eyes, his waist pinning her to the bed, their hips thrusting. Her eyes stare back but there’s no look, no sign, and she says nothing while her eyes fall to the side…
…and I whisper, “It’s been a while,” to her but she scoffs, nodding with a wide-eyed expression meaning that it’s been a while for her as well, and I’m on my knees in front of the couch, between her legs, both of us clothed minus my shirt, our hands over-eager and brushing every surface haphazardly, and I find myself gasping for air since I can’t breathe while we kiss…
…“You don’t have to say it,” he lets her know as their hips have stopped grinding, “I just want you to know.” And his cheek caresses hers, his face near her ear, and he kisses the cartilage – it drives her wild. Her hands squeeze his ass, bringing him farther into her, and she whispers into his ear, “You’re a blo’y amazin’ mistake,” and she grinds harder, more intense, one of his arms wrapped around her back and the other cradling the back of her head…
…we’re on the floor, my foot pushing the coffee table away to make room. She has her shirt off and I reach behind her to unsnap her bra…and I twist…pinch…“It’s not working,” I say in all sincerity, and she reaches back, the bra unhooked instantly, causing me to stop momentarily, staring awestruck at her round breasts and petite nipples…then her hand lunges for my pants and I hustle to pull them down [—there’s a colossal bang next door as something large falls over, followed by an army of glass as it shatters and wood as it splinters and cracks—] but Bethany crouches in front of me, helping to undo the buckle as it, too, is giving me trouble. She snickers, moving to stand and undo her own pants, pushing me onto the couch so I sit up at a right angle and she bends down, putting a knee on either side of me, her bare breasts against me, and she dips a hand between her legs, searching…
…she had leapt onto him at full speed, the momentum and weight propelling him back hard until he hit the wood cupboard and it fell over; but they don’t fall and he supports her with his waist, legs, and arms, her thighs wrapped around him as they bang into each and every piece of furniture on their way to the upstairs bedroom…


THE SOULFUL CONFESSION
After Bethany leaves, I sleep away the afternoon.
When I wake, its nighttime and I feel refreshed, energized.
Instead of checking the clocks, I walk out onto my deck wearing only pants and stare out over the ocean. There had been a reason for ocean front property and it’s because of the way the ocean makes me feel. The crescent moon reflects off the black waves as they ride up the sand to crash against a short rock embankment; the endless tide, the sweeping force of the water, the vast, horizon-sprint of the black – it’s such an overwhelming feeling staring out at the ocean. It doesn’t rest and a current can grab and carry you miles with its gentle embrace, cuddling the life out of you as it draws you into a soundless void—
“I always hated you,” a voice says nearby, startling the life out of me.
David is sitting near the back of his deck, feet propped up on the banister. He has a beer lazily hanging on the side of his deck chair. His eyes have a hazy, half-focused, half-open glaze to them – it’s a look, though uncommon, that I recognize in my brother.
He’s drunk.
“Where’s Lizzy?” I ask out of worry.
“In bed.”
“You—” my mind slowly returns to his last statement, “you always hated me?”
“Yup. Surrrrre did.”
I walk over to the barrier between our decks but David snips, “Please go back to lookin’ at tha ocean, it’s easier if yerrr not lookin’ at me.”
And I return, as it’s easier to stare out over the ocean than at contempt.
“Why have you always hated me?” I ask in an exasperated tone.
This is the first time he’s directly addressed me in several days, not since the meeting. We’ve been in close proximity several times but I’ve always found his back to me or his eyes seeking details as far from my gaze as possible.
“Uhhh, well, the reasons change. First was cause our parents liked you more—and don’t you fuckin’ say odderwise,” he prevents me from cutting him off, though I hadn’t intended to since he was right. I was like them, nerdy and intellectual – and I always sought their approval; David, on the other hand, was the opposite, creative and outgoing (and disruptive and argumentative). The word “like” might have been inaccurate – the word “approve” might have been more apt.
“Now – and whiles you’er gone – I-I hated you ‘cause you almost got me killed. Guess tha’s abou’ the same reason I hate-cha now—‘cept before you hadn’t-hadn’t given such an awesome—such a cool life, such…like, the promise of it bein’ good from here’n out.”
David stands and stumbles to the barrier.
I turn to look in his eyes, and he stares back.
“Now yer gonna fuckin’ take et away – I can’t take anodder bullet, you mutherfucker. And Lizzy – she’s—it’s amazing she’s turned out so well after you FUCKING SCARRED HER FOR LIFE! YOU ASSSSSHOLE! YOU COULD HAVE WARNED US!” His voice is loud, a shade below yelling. He swigs from the beer, pulling it away abruptly, some of the liquid falling from his lips. It looks as if some thought entered his head that he had to get out immediately, but he doesn’t talk.
We stare a moment.
“And now,” he starts up again in such a disconcerting, forlorn voice, “now I hate you ‘cause all this…it’s over.” His voice rises to enunciate the melodrama, the overacting. “I can smell it like I can smell the ocean. This—” and it returns to sadness, his eyes cringing, “this whole thing is over. It’ll never be good with you in my life.”
In a short fit of rage, he throws the beer as far and hard as he can toward the ocean – it lands without a sound or splash.
Then he walks into his house, head drooping.


MILD COMPLAINTS
There’s a black Lincoln town car that catches my attention, just as Chris had told me before. It passes when I stop jogging and bend to tie my shoe. The driver must have noticed my shoe wasn’t untied because it speeds up. As it passes, I stand and try to focus in on the driver.
The windows are tinted.
The plate is out-of-state and unfamiliar but I get the numbers.
And then a BWEP-BWEP noise startles me.
A cop car pulls alongside the curb and Chief Armstrong looks out the window; then down as he fidgets in the car a moment. I’m not sure what he’s doing. The rear window opens a bit, closes. A moment passes, more fidgeting. The sound of a window opening on the other side of the car, then closing. Finally, Armstrong just opens the door and gets out of the car to stand beside me.
We’re on the sidewalk near the ocean, patches of grass beside us on its way to sand on its way to water. The sun’s out, the day warm and calm; the ocean, however, is startled and rushing, obviously flustered from the previous few days of storm.
“Where yah been?” Chief Armstrong asks, walking up to me. He’s asking politely, in a friendly way – but there’s a look in his tired eyes that’s noticeably serious. He holds a large Sheriff’s hat in front of his chest with both hands, and I look up into his eyes. His head always seems like a perfect rectangle, partially because his hat flattens his hair against his scalp.
“I had to take a trip out of town, just got back the other day. Sorry, my brother told me you were looking for me. It slipped my mind,” I recite, trying not to let it sound like the rehearsed apology that it is.
“See…” his eyes narrow as if he knows I’m lying, “Well, we’ve had some—a few situations since you been gone, maybe you should clarify a few things.” He watches my reaction with a smile that doesn’t fade or dim, but with such piercing eyes, such penetrating eyes, I’m slow to respond.
“Shoot.”
“First off, we got this so-called friend of yours pullin’ off some shenanigans down at the hospital.” And out comes Chief Armstrong’s notepad, which has countless pages filled in with scribbles; it’s different then the last one I had seen him using and I’m sure he rips through a notebook a day. “Chris Young. Do you know him?”
I nod.
“Said he was, ‘checking out the inside of an ambulance because he wanted to become an ambulance driver.’ Is that true?”
I…nod.
“Says he’s a teacher at your school. No record…” he narrows his eyes at me. “I let him off with a warning but what…what it appeared he was doing was committing a Federal offense.” He thinks a moment, looking at the same page of notes. “Does he do drugs?”
“No?”
There’s a pause between us.
“Was,” he starts, “was that a question?”
“No?”
There’s another pause.
“You tell your friend, I see him again – littering, lookin’ at me wrong,” he continues, still smiling, looking up from flipping through his notes, “anything, he’s got a book comin’ at him. Can you do that?”
I nod.
“Shouldn’t be hanging out with riff-raff like that,” he says practically under his breath, then adds louder, “You’re better than that. Now, maybe you can answer some other questions because we’re a little unclear on a situation that occurred recently involving one Roger Dupont.” He tells me the name without reading it; he knows it well and it’s been on his mind awhile.
He finds the page he’s searching for and looks at me.
I don’t respond.
“Name ringin’ any bells?”
“Uh,” I let my eyes look up, a sign a person doesn’t know something; I’m not taking any chances with the sheriff, “no. Not really. Why, should I know him?”
“It appears he knows you. He had a large amount of…” checks his notes, “…the poison is foreign, unidentified. Whatever it was, he had a lot of it in his system. Made him hallucinate something fierce before it stopped his heart. And,” he says, matter-of-factly, “one thing he kept saying was your name. Know why?”
“No,” I say, and I feel my eyes narrow like Chief Armstrong’s in studying my opponent.
“Mr. Ridley, you know what the margin of error is in astrology?”
I nod, furthering my attempt to say as little as possible from here on out.
“Well, the famous astronomer Calvin Trillin said that ‘the margin of error in astrology is plus or minus one hundred percent.’ What am I saying?—Don’t you have a degree in physics?” He checks his notes again (suspicious, as he speaks as though well-versed with the facts of the case) and I rejoin the living.
“Yeah, I went to the same school as my dad in Philadelphia. But you should know Calvin Trillin is a humorist, a writer – not an astronomer. And astronomy is pretty uh,” and I force a chuckle, “pretty different from physics. But, as for this man – what was his name?”
“Roger Dupont. Philadelphia, yeah, I saw that. Roger Dupont’s current address is listed in Philadelphia, too. Coincidence, I guess,” but he says it suspiciously, as if knowing it wasn’t. “Did you know Philadelphia P.D. wants you for questioning?”
“They what?” I ask, and he catches me surprised.
“Something about a break-in, nothing serious. Still have you listed, though. May want to make a few calls, clear it up.” Checks one last detail. “And it’s true you were out of town last week, from Sunday to Wednesday?”
I nod.
“And your brother tells me that you’re closing your school?”
I nod again.
“Why?”
“I have to go out of town, back to Philadelphia for something. Business related. I’ll clear up that matter you mentioned, with the Philly P.D.”
“Okay. And you don’t know the guy?”
He’s done with his notebook, flipping it shut, though the conversation isn’t over.
“Roger Dupont – I don’t think I’ve ever met him. He could have come in for free lessons or come to the bar when I was there but I don’t know…”
This causes an obvious turn in his wheels; it doesn’t appear to be sympathy, more appreciation of my shifting approach to the conversation. His eyes look over my shoulder and out at the ocean.
“It’s beautiful,” he says to change the subject, but he does so too fast and it almost sounds like he’s still talking about the situation with Roger Dupont. “I love it after storms. That smell…” He takes a deep inhale, and the salt of the ocean is extra pungent.
Then he turns and gets in his car without another word.


THE TEAM
The team and I have a video-conference.
“I’ll be there Wednesday,” I say and they both groan.
Travis is standing in the background. The room’s dim and his features are barely distinguishable. Steve’s up close to the laptop monitor, the eerie glow illuminating him in dark lines, the matted hair on either side of his head getting the worst of it – whereas Travis appears as an apparition in the background, Steve’s grody and not getting enough sleep.
“Sorry, I have unforeseen obligations. What have you got so far?” I ask to move the conversation along.
“So did I but you said we needed to be—” Travis says in a harsh, unfamiliar tone, moving closer to the computer, his black skin focused in the light of the webcam, but Steve stops him.
Neither says anything for a moment as Travis regains a bit of composure.
“We haven’t slept much, as it took us quite a bit of travel to get here,” Steve says in a low tone. “What I’ve gotten so far…” and he looks through some papers in front of him, “I tracked each of the hotels that Mans el-Ray Pasquale stayed at after he quit working for the congressional aide staff. It’s odd ‘cause, I mean, the guy has family in New Jersey but he doesn’t go to New Jersey, not once after he quit. He moved around for a month, a few days here, a few days there – it’s got to form a pattern, something. Part of his movements might follow the congressional staff for his former employer – but it’s flimsy. And it doesn’t make sense – why quit and then linger around your old boss? It’s counterproductive – even if they’re the enemy, why not stay close and gather information? And that’s not the weirdest piece of information. Tell him.”
Travis has a piece of paper in his hand already, reading it over while Steve had been talking. He has it close to his face as he leans forward to the computer, lowering it onto the keys to refer to it as he looks at me on the screen.
“There’s a series—ow,” he winces, as Steve backed his chair over his foot.
“My bad. Want a Red Bull?”
“Man, you know I don’t drink that shit. You get any of those five-hour energies?”
Steve’s cheek spreads back in a gee-whiz sort of expression.
“Damnit,” Travis says, then, “Yeah, get me one of them. But next time you go down to the Koreans, you better—”
“Guys, what?” I stop them.
Travis refocuses his attention.
“Okay, so this guy stays here and there but then,” he turns the paper to me and it’s a fuzzy map, one I can’t make out, “there’s this one spot in north Philly. Nowhere near anything important, the congressional staff, nothing. It’s like he goes out of his way to be in this crummy neighborhood.”
“And?”
“And we’re fuckin’ lookin’ into it. We just got here. We’re checking for local conventions, no matter how unlikely that is. If he’s keeping his specks out, then what’s there? Rule out the fact that it’s cheap, since it looks like he’s got money…it just stands out, it doesn’t make sense. What’s he doing there?”
“Where’s Augustus?” I ask, squinting at the screen in case I don’t see him in the background.
“Hezell—” Steve’s back, trying to speak with a mouthful of Chinese food.
“Dude, spittin’ noodles and shit…” Travis backs up, brushing himself off, grumpily mumbling under his breath.
Steve finishes and continues, “He’s still a day off in his travels. He’ll be here in the morning. He’s got his equipment with him but he – like you – had some obligations. He’s got a constant line on us though. Why?”
“Ask him—write this down. Find out who owns a black Lincoln four door town car with the plates A51-7171. I couldn’t see the state but it wasn’t here.”
“Does this have to do with this Mans el-Ray Pasquale dude?”
“No, it’s unrelated. I’m not too worried about it but, see what he can do.”
“Um…” Steve stuffs a bunch of food into his mouth, switching seats with Travis at the computer.
“You leave any steamed dump…lings…?” but Travis trails off as Steve shoots him an apologetic look.
Travis is gone off into the dark background, grumbling.
“Let’s see,” Steve continues, swallowing a mouthful of food, “Aug’s gonna be here tomorrow, probably. You’ll be here Wednesday. Trav’s gonna go get a room in the hotel in north Philly, see if he can figure out what the fuck this guy was doing there…” he looks around at the papers scattered across the table top, “…the hotel here’s nice. Got a pool and a gym, you’ll like it.”
He shoves more food in his mouth.
“I’ll check back tomorrow when Aug’s there,” I aim at ending the conversation.
“Oh, one more thing – I seriously doubt this guy died of complications from pneumonia,” Steve says, tossing aside the cardboard container he had been eating from.
“Why’s that?”
“Call it a hunch…”


FORENDER
Under the pretense that he’s only doing it for her sake, David lets me take Lizzy out the day before the party.
I let her choose where we go – she picks the aquarium.
“The ocean contains 99% of the living space on earth,” the tour guide starts her spiel in the lobby, heading to the Deep Sea Life portion. She’s wearing a tan cap and light brown skirt, one that looks like a cloth that’s been wrapped around her waist three times, each further ascending her thin legs to end around the kneecap.
Her nametag reads: Bethany.
It causes me to brandish a smirk; I don’t know why.
Then I notice…
She’s smiling back, continuing her speech.
“The Pacific Ocean alone is larger than the entire land surface combined,” she goes on, her eyes leaving me and returning to the small group of five.
We’re standing behind a much larger-in-frame family of three – big daddy, bigger mother, and medium-sized teen boy in a red shirt under moderately fashionable overalls – as they stand side-by-side between the pretty tour guide and us. They don’t sound as if they’re from around here, more Southern.
“Why did she smile at you?” Lizzy asks in a low voice.
“Huh?” my eyebrows crowd to the bottom-center of my forehead in surprise and worry as I look down at Lizzy.
“Why did she smile at you?” she asks in the exact same tone of voice, as if to let me know she didn’t believe I hadn’t heard her the first time.
“I—she did? Who?” I stumble.
“Why is my dad mad at you?” she says at normal volume.
“What? Shhh,” my voice stays low; I don’t want to ruin the presentation.
“The highest land elevation is two thousand, seven hundred, and fifty-five feet where…” the guide looks between big daddy and medium-sized teen, having heard Lizzy and I talking, “…the ocean, on average, is over twelve thousand feet deep. The Mariana Trench, in the Pacific Ocean, is the deepest area, almost thirty-six thousand feet. That’s nearly seven straight miles down.”
“No, I want to know. Why’s he being so mean to you lately?” she stops, looking up at me.
The tour guide stops.
“Is there a problem?” she asks, politely.
“I’m sorry, you can go on ahead. We’ll catch up in a moment.” I try to retain some charm but it sounds more rushed and frustrated.
“That was rude,” I tell her once the guide and family have left.
“I don’t care. What’s going on? Is it something bad?” she asks, staring up with harsh eyes.
“Whoa, where’s this attitude coming from?” I’m taken back by her forceful, angry tone.
She sounds like David.
“If he’s mad, I’m pretty sure I should be, too. He doesn’t get mad. What happened to you in that hotel room?”
“I can’t—”
“The hell you can’t,” she interjects, “I’m the one that stole the medicine from the hospital…” I look around to see if anyone’s listening, “…not my dad, not Uncle Chris, me. It was me. So you have to tell me. It’s a rule.”
I’m absolutely astonished. Frozen.
Then I decide to do what Kate does and treat her like an adult.
“Um…okay.” I breathe. “A man I used to know came to me. He said something very important, something very bad is going to happen in Philadelphia. We – this man and I – we weren’t friends but…I’m the only person this man knew that could stop it. I’m the only one with the resources. But, um…well, he poisoned me, too.”
“Why?” she asks, worried.
“Because…” and I wait to find the right phrasing, “…because if I weren’t around, he could use some of my resources. And also because…I wasn’t always the-the best person. I made bad decisions and…getting myself involved with him was one of them. But he’s gone. And your daddy’s mad because I have to go to Philadelphia. But I have to, I can’t just do nothing. A lot of people could be hurt. I have to make sure this man wasn’t lying – and, honestly, I doubt he would have done what he did if it weren’t true.”
“Why’s he mad at that?”
“Because he cares, sweetie.” I kneel down and get in front of her. “He’s afraid something might happen to me and…and he doesn’t want me to go.”
“Is it—are you going to come back?” she asks, a scared look in her eye.
“Absolutely.” I nod my head and hug her close. “Absolutely, my beautiful. Always…always…”


A VERY BOTHERSOME PHONE CONVERSATION
And two days before I leave, an unnecessary burden is added to an already over-burdened slate.
“Hello?”
“Is this Mr. Ridley?”
The voice is low, menacing, and old, gruff.
“Who am I speaking to?”
“Just listen, bucko,” the voice is unnervingly calm. “You were acquainted with a young man—” there’s a muffled commotion as he asks someone near him a question, then comes back, “a young man named Sam Cranston. He was,” the man grunts out a cough as he audibly flips through papers, “in this little fairy school of yours. D’you remember him?”
“Who am I speaking to?” I ask again, more forcefully.
“A family friend of uh his, and it’d do you well to just answer ma’ fuckin’ questions. Remember ‘im? Darkish hair. About—” again, the muddled sound of covering the phone while he asks something to someone on the other end, “—about five eleven. Maybe a hundred-seventy, hundred-eighty pounds. Ringin’ any bells?”
“Yes.” Silence. “What do you want?”
“Whoa-ho-ho look at the chops. Whatever you say, bucko. I got papers here says he may have been involved in some fairy nonsense at a massage school you own. True, right?”
“Yes.”
“…go on,” he says, incredulously – almost comically.
“What do you want?”
“The point, huh. Well, looks like he’s disappeared. And the last place anybody’s seen ‘em was—” a muffled question, “—a few weeks back, the night of some nonsense at your fairy school. We been watchin’ you since – you ain’t the cleanest fella, are you, bucko? Got a bit of history, nothin’ severe, Philly wants you for questioning…but then we saw you murder that fella the other day…”
Silence.
“Nothin’ to say there, bucko? Huh? It was coldblooded, watched the whole thing. My associate filmed it all on his phone, broad daylight. I mean, wow. Brutal…still not talkin’? Good. So as far as I’m concerned, you ain’t right in yer life in some way – probably dangerous – and you was the last fella’ to see him alive.”
“Maybe he doesn’t want to be found.”
“Uh, well then – looks like you got a new problem. Until he comes back, I’m personally holdin’ you responsible for his disappearance. Prove he’s alive, somethin’. Otherwise, I’m gonna assume you murder’d him, too – like that poor junior the other day – and I’m gonna get yah, one way or the other. Got nine days from right now. You find him or the cops find you.”
Click.





a brief interlude about the seven devil nation


The Chemist, The Engineer, & The Poison of Amerwoncik
Steve from Cincinnati had created a brown, tar-like compound. Its texture was sticky, it smelled of tea leaves, and when set in heat for an extend period of time, it melted into a muddy-colored, cement-like puddle; however, when the compound was smoked in a wooden pipe, it smelled of its strongest ingredients (tobacco and opium) while providing the smoker with euphoria, focus, and a lack of stress. Side-effects were limited, mainly just fatigue from an excessive use of the brain. We nicknamed the tar-like compound “Hacker” since it was to be smoked instead of ingested; it was designed for someone like a hunter, someone setting off for something dangerous and energetic. It had to be smoked because of the chemistry of the elements and their involvement with the body: Only if the compound was smoked would it work as long, remaining in the lungs, blood stream, and fat lipids for up to three days. It’s what I took with me when I went heading off into the forest after the roving group of bandits. Aside from the euphoria, the anti-anxiety, and the immense focus, the drug also slowed the metabolism and decreased the brain’s need for R.E.M. sleep – a person could wake refreshed after four hours.
There were three test subjects through the various stages of the drug: Steve himself, Travis, and me. It started out as a dangerous process, as one of the ingredients in Hacker was the Amerwoncik plant, an indigenous, psychotropic plant that a local band of assholes had been using when they stole from the villages during their hunt for me. Townspeople had been dying because of it.
Steve was fresh out of college with a masters in chemistry and a focus on rational design and the creation of new medications through existing ones. I had hired him to help me work on some ideas I had but he turned out more helpful than I expected. Within a week of the townspeople asking Sensei Ki-Jo’s help to stop the bandits from stealing and poisoning the innocent, Steve had narrowed down the base toxic compound of the poison to the secretions of the indigenous Amerwoncik plant. The bandits were mixing it with other local herbs and Steve had found that the toxin could work as an anesthetic or paralyzing agent, and as a psychotropic compound, though it was a tight balance mixing the toxin with other elements, often causing the dosage to be fatal.
“It’s sort of a simple little mix,” Steve told us when he made the antidote to the poison, so that we might save the next villager that showed up because someone in the village was dying from it. “Simple medicines, common ones used in an overdose of heroin, ecstasy. Things to prevent cardiac arrest. A few other things. Nothing hard to find, you could easily substitute this for adrenophenylbarbitol which is in any hospital stockroom. Using this drug, adrenophenylbarbitol, however, could turn the drug to a positive. It’s impossible to completely shut down the glands producing the effects, it’s just your brain that stops receiving them. Slow down the effects, maybe tinker with it a bit, and this plant—this Amerwoncik plant—it could easily be a positive. We could turn it into something else, negate some of the negative effects, turn it into a positive for us.”
And that led to the “Hacker” compound.
Once Steve had the final product, Sensei Ki-Jo smoked it nonstop until his violent death (which was soon after).
Aside from the Hacker compound, Steve had also made each of us a new daily compound. When he made his own, it had taken him three years; now that he’d already been through the trail-and-errors of his own “daily vitamin”, he figured the chemistry to such a precise degree that it only took him two weeks for Travis, Sensei Ki-Jo, and myself to get one. The vitamin was designed individually for the taker, specifically to correct hereditary ailments that Steve had assessed through blood-testing: it supplied nutrients depleted by the subject’s specific metabolism; properly corrected the subject’s endocrine system, balancing things such as serotonin, adrenaline, testosterone, and so on; and, all the general vitamins a body needs every day.
We hired Steve for an internship but he had proven himself so useful that, in order to keep him with us longer, we offered to not only pay him for staying but pay for all of his college debt as well as whatever amount it would take for him to eventually pursue his PhD. Steve accepted but it was the teamwork, not the money, that persuaded him in the end; the fact that Travis and I were there to work with and help, that we grew into a team, that’s what became appealing.
After the intense and often excruciating training he had given me, Sensei Ki-Jo seldom made an appearance – his house was more like a factory, where I was in charge of the daily life, the hiring and so on, while Sensei Ki-Jo ate two meals a day and spent the rest of his time watching the forests around his house, smoking the Hacker, and rocking in his chair. To Steve, Travis, and I, it added an extra sense of purpose, the presumption of working for a man that remained in the shadows.
Travis had actually been the first hire. Augustus and Nigel were the third and fourth, rounding out the team as a computer expert and doctor, respectively; but they didn’t come till many months later, not until after the bandits and the poison, after Sensei Ki-Jo died and we relocated. For several months, it was just the three of us. Travis had arrived a young savant and idealist – 20 years old and finishing a PhD in engineering. I originally sought an engineer to help develop stealth weapons, my idea to combine a manufacturing engineer with a medicinal chemist; in the end, we had things we could use as weapons but it was more a partnership between three smart people, and it took such a short period of time before we each felt that, together, we could accomplish damn near anything.
I never would have won against the bandits if it were not for Steve’s Hacker and topical wound compound, and I never would have survived the massive attack that came later without Travis’ electronic sterilizer and re-designed field sutures, or Sensei Ki-Jo’s self-sacrifice.


the blue sky


THE DAY I MURDERED BARTLEBY
My hand had wrapped around the cold glass of water, enjoying the condensation slipping over my fingers, and I took a hearty drink. As the glass lowered, the other patron got my attention by sitting across from me.
“Looooong time,” he drew out the words, low and menacing.
I stared at him, blank; recognition was quick.
My face remained vacant.
“I told you if I ever saw you again, I would kill you.”
“So be it,” Bartleby answered.
We looked into each other far deeper than the eyes. This man had ordered the murder of my brother and the kidnapping of Lizzy some six years back. My gaze bore a hole into his heart, looking for what he had stored there – why, after all this time, have you finally come? He glared back, his eyes unblinking – I was the man that had killed his “father”.
He looked like shit, unshaven and dirty and covered in disheveled dark hair.
His eyes were sunken, his skin sallow.
“Since I don’t have as many resources anymore – you saw to that…” he clicked his teeth, looking around is if uninterested in the past, “…you need to get back to Philadelphia. There’s a man there – hear this name, repeat it – Mans el-Ray Pasquale. You need to speak with him. Repeat it.”
I did right off to save time – I wanted him out of here.
“Say it a few more times, write it down. He’s expecting you. He’s going to tell you about an oncoming event that’s going to happen right in – you guessed it – Philadelphia.” He looked around, bored. “Is it true that you own this buffet?”
And I glared at him.
Twenty minutes after leaving the buffet, I met Bartleby at a spot we agreed upon, somewhere quiet, somewhere people wouldn’t see us. We chose to meet in the open in case of an attempted ambush; it didn’t really matter as his side could have tried to ambush me at any point, or they could just show up late and snipe me out. They hadn’t thus far, though, and I believed he would be alone.
I could see Bartleby some forty feet in the distance, sitting on the shore with his knees bent. He was fully dressed and out of place, his dark jeans bunched up and his white tee-shirt reflecting sunlight at an obscene level. While walking, my eyes roved the ocean and the waves distracted me. They kept my attention, distracted me more than I’m used to…I found the rolling, lapsing waves yawning over the smooth auburn sand. Fingers reaching, a body outstretched and waiting to be—
The feeling was familiar.
Bartleby was already standing and turned to face me, brushing the sand off his ass. There was an odd connection between the two of us, one that I’m sure never to find in another person: If Bartleby were to drop dead, I would feel it as I would a grain of sand as the wind flicked it at me; however, as I had let him live once before to make even the fact that he had saved my life, there was no cause for further retribution. I did not especially care to end anyone’s life, not even the man who had sent an army of mercenaries to kill me.
“Why did you wait so long to come?” I asked first as it was the most important to me.
He ignores that question entirely.
“Did you know there’s a price on your head?” he asks, smiling.
“From you?” I’m unimpressed.
“Nope. You remember those locals you killed in that forest?—the ones that fuckin’ mercenary hired to find you? Way back when? Turns out they weren’t so local – apparently they never stay in the same place too long. And they will come to America one day. They will find you.”
“I doubt it. I seriously doubt some roving, foreign band of buffoons is going to come find me in American and – what? – knock on my door to settle up? Get on with it! What the fuck do you want?” I snapped, pushing toward him and finding myself a teensy bit wobbly. “I haven’t killed you yet out of some…weird debt I feel I owe you, or your father.” That was only partially true – I hadn’t wanted to kill anyone since I had returned.
“You killed my father,” he snarls.
“He was already dying. And you know!” I spat the word “know” to make it that much more important, “that he chose to stay in that building. I didn’t put a bullet in him. So fuck you.”
We stared at each other, neither moving.
“Tell me what’s going on in Philadelphia.”
He didn’t answer.
“What do you want? Make it quick.” I was already terribly sick of talking to him. “Why are you here? Is this—is the situation in Philly—”
“What’s the guy’s name?” he asked, interrupting.
“Mans el-Ray Pasquale. Is this Philly situation real?”
“Yeah, it is,” and Bartleby looked up into the sun, “Only reason I’m out here and you’re out here is because of it. When you get back to Philly, get a team you trust—”
And then I jabbed him in the neck, catching him off guard.
There had been a moment earlier – not even three seconds – when I realized what had happened. There was a FLASH in my head like a movie: Sipping the water in the buffet, so soothing, only to realize now that it had been poisoned. That familiar start, the feeling of being overtaken by the awful Amerwoncik poison…my drink had been sitting there unguarded and he had poisoned it before I sat down. As I realized what he had done, I snapped the top off my ring (the only piece of jewelry I ever wear) and plunged the short, tack-like point into the side of Bartleby’s neck.
When I backed away, he stood there looking shocked.
“You poisoned me!” I yelled at him.
He began to fall to the ground and I instinctively caught him.
“Had to try…one last…” he said, smiling.
And I laid him out on the calm sands of the beach.
“Mans el-Ray Pasquale,” he had whispered.
And then, as he faded out, he left with one unfinished thought…
“I don’t think…the tail…”


AUGUSTUS
“Those plates were registered to an old couple in Tennessee. Checked the DMV database, they don’t exist in the state of Tennessee. Um, tried to find them elsewhere and couldn’t. One of two things – I’m guessing they’re fake, which is most likely. But also the DMV fucks shit up seriously so there’s always that…”
This was Augustus’ greeting, one he called from across the room as soon as he saw it was I that had entered. He had brought the legs of his chair to the floor when the door opened but leans back, steadying himself with a knee against the edge of the table.
His black hair’s usually puffy but he cut it down, and it looks as if he’s been trying to shed some pounds in favor of muscle since the last time I’ve seen him – medium height, he’s still a good sixty pounds overweight (it’s mainly in a ring around his belly). He has a box of Twinkies next to him, practically the only thing he’ll eat while sitting at the computer.
“That’s unhealthy,” I tell him.
“The license plates? Oh…” he catches my eyes on the Twinkies. “Should’ve known that was coming. Want one?” He reaches in and removes his middle finger from the box, holding it up so I can see. “You can just eat it…”
Augustus reaches somewhere beside him and pulls a cell phone from God knows where, tossing it over to me. The phone’s screen is extra wide and, having worked with Augustus on several jobs previous, I’m well aware that he’ll use it to network the four of us together.
“Same functions,” he grunts with equal parts boredom from repeating himself and discomfort with his chair, shifting his ass to fit the seat better; then he points to the dresser top beside me, where I look and find nothing—he points again, more precise, and I find a tiny something, dime-shaped and flesh-colored.
“Smallest bluetooth on the planet. Won’t fall out, comfortable. Japanese.” He says, dully, “Number to your phone is on the inside of the case. Did you get one of these?” Augustus reaches in his breast pocket and withdraws a cylindrical tube identical in shape and size to a cigarette, except its plastic veneer catches a glint in the light.
“When did you start sm—”
“Not a cigarette,” he interrupts a tad too quick, hinting that he had expected me to not know what he was doing. “I was wondering if he told you yet.”
“Told me what?”
“Just ask Steve.”
“Where are they?”
“Swimming.”
“Of course they are.” I scoff, checking my watch. It’s almost ten. “Didn’t they know my arrival time?”
It had been many years since I had been to my home city. I expected nostalgia as I flew into Philadelphia International Airport but none came. I rode from the airport to the hotel tired, though I did keep my eyes on the streets. I remembered them but I had moved on.
Augustus shrugs. His eyes return to the computer monitor in his lap and he begins to click away. Spread across the table with no semblance of order, there are a dozen cables, other computer towers, hard drives, discs, and various electronics – I’m familiar with the equipment only because it’s Augustus’s normal work station. His room always heats up; it’s intolerable to everyone but him, and he stays dressed in colorful wife-beaters and basketball shorts, an LA Lakers sweatband across his forehead.
“Can we get back to the plates?” he says, and doesn’t look back at me the rest of the conversation. “Whoever’s following you is either an old couple or they don’t want you to know who they are.”
Augustus looks pleased.
“I’m about 87% sure it’s a criminal from Chicago. He called me.” I hand over the phone number that had called two days earlier. “If the number doesn’t lead anywhere, check the name D’Andrea, associates, check Chicago, check whatever you have to. Find me a way to contact this guy. And,” I turn from the corner of the room, “I want a picture of whoever fuckin’ called me.”
“Why?” he asks, not really paying attention.
“He threatened me.”
This gets his attention.
“Did you show him your sweet side?” he asks with a soft chuckle.


THE BEGINNING OF BUSINESS
Though I’m always serious and business-oriented, a project doesn’t begin until I see nothing but an objective and the priorities leading me there – it’s the way I approach anything, from investments to teaching and to daily life in general. It’s accompanied by a few physiological responses: The feeling of fresh blood coursing through my body; an eagerness in my senses (as if desire drives my ears to listen harder, my eyes to take in more, my memory to retain everything, and so on and so forth); and for especially large tasks, there’s an immediate feeling of calm euphoria followed by hours of strenuous teeth-grinding.
My jaw already hurts as I toss off my carry-on and list my demands to Augustus as he continues typing furious, repositioning his knees to prevent them from getting sore:
“Immediately, first and foremost: Get me a meeting with Charne – I don’t care if I have to travel to the other side of the world, her and I need to be in the same room before the end of the week.”
Augustus clicks away on the keyboard in his lap as I remove a folder from my small bag and hand it to him.
“What’s this?” Augustus asks, trying to type with one hand as he accepts the folder; his eyes stay with the screen an extra moment before he opens it.
There’s a short bio clipped to the picture of a police chief.
“Chief C.H. Armstrong. County and department’s listed. Find out every piece of information he has involving a man named Roger Dupont…”
Augustus starts typing but stops when he hears the name, not looking up but no longer noticing the steady stream of flashing gibberish and incoherent words that he uses to get me what I want.
“What?” I ask him, surprised that the name obviously rang a bell.
“It sounds familiar,” he says, typing faster than before.
My eyes leave the dark interior of my bag and I carefully scan Augustus’ face.
When I work on something important, my estimated odds’ percentage of success changes with innumerable factors, one of which being situations I nickname barnacles – in essence, they’re moments of coincidence or suspicion as represented by mathematical formula: barnacles are separated from the whole; often times, it’s information gathered or involving facets outside the parameters of the subject, including those working on the subject; and, once every barnacle has been tracked and factored correctly, it formulates the probability and severity of an unforeseen situation.
It’s the mathematic equivalent of expecting the unexpected.
This project has only just started:
Chief C.H. Armstrong has an unknown amount of information involving me and a possible felony charge; Philadelphia wants to question me about a past life; some (temporarily) faceless criminal scumbag in Chicago is blackmailing me to find a man whose only traits (that I knew of) are that of a quiet, violent liar…
And now, Augustus was visibly lying to me.
“Why are you lying to me?” I ask outright.
He sighs.
“Not lying, just…there’s somethin’ there we can talk about later but it’s not pressing or a threat or anything. It can wait. Continue – I wanna hear what you got first.”
With some effort, I pull my eyes and intense focus off Augustus.
“Seems to be fucking public knowledge that Philly P.D. wants to talk to me about something from years ago – get rid of it if you can. Let me know what I’m walking into if you can’t.”
“Already there, checked when I got here.”
Augustus types and clicks the mouse a few times while I roam his room.
“Found it,” he says, then skims the information aloud:
“Sought for questioning…robbery and attempted homicide involving brother, David Ridley…eyewitness accounts and video surveillance place you…in and around the vicinity of an apartment building arson, same day…multiple fatalities…gunshot homicides…last seen – fled country shortly thereafter.”
Augustus clicks, types, clicks…
“Seems the arson case was closed years ago. But there’s another open case tagged with this one…” clicks; reads silently, then reiterates, “Apparently some Irish lookin’ cop also went missing – same day, same location. Body never found. There’s more information but it’s corrupted or something – I can’t get access to it…” clicks and types furiously, “Looks like someone else was here fucking around, coverin’ your tracks. Didn’t do as good a job as I would’ve but, seems they got it done…”
“Also, look into this Senator Atwater that Pasquale—”
Augustus tosses several printed documents onto the bed.
“Guy’s relatively clean for a Republican. Has a lot of money invested in a company called Nethuns, some sort of deep sea mining company. Nothing else I could really find, which is crazy since he’s been around for years and years.”
In a corner of the room, I find what I’m looking for.
“That’s all for now. I’m borrowing these,” I tell him, lifting up a pair of his massive basketball shorts.
“Why?” he asks.
“I forgot my swim trunks.”


SWIMFANS
Before I even round the corner to the pool door, I hear Travis and Steve dicking around in the Olympic-sized indoor pool. They see me as I enter and hoot enthusiastically; Augustus had barely given me half a nod.
Travis disappears under the surface of the water.
“We’re seeing…” Steve has to catch his breath, “…who…can stay at twelve feet…the longest. It’s fucking—it’s fucking really hard.”
Travis remains underwater while I gradually slip into the pool. The heated water relaxes my body about half as well as a massage from Sadie, which is saying a lot. Steve swims from the deep end to join me in the 3’4 section. He looks healthier than our conversations over the internet and I suspect it was mainly the quality of the cameras or lighting or something. Nearly thirty, he’s aging like my brother and there’s a familiar pang of jealousy.
I’m aging too fast.
Travis explodes from the water like a black tomahawk missile, gasping and choking and struggling to reach the side; there’s a moment where I’m startled by the fact that he’s completely naked, further exaggerated when I realize Steve’s in the buff as well.
“Over a minute,” Steve calls out in a congratulatory voice.
“I’m not interrupting anything, am I?” I ask Steve.
“Nope,” he answers, happily. I don’t think he realizes I’m talking about the fact that two men were alone, naked, in a pool late at night.
Across the way, Travis lifts a victorious limp wrist into the air, his back to us and his body hugged over the edge of the pool.
Their tomfoolery stops and the area feels tranquil without the loud noises – the dark of the room, a wiggling blue/white glistening off the walls and rafters of the ceiling, nothing but the sound of sloshing water and an occasional voice.
 “Alright, what have you been up to…”
Travis, Steve, and I stand at the window of a dank, musty room (little bigger than a prison cell) in the north Philly cockroach haven known as the Windham Hotel.
“That is what he’s been watching,” Travis points.
Steve fills in with the facts while Travis stares at a building across the street – the pose he takes while staring at the building looks like one he’s been in before and grown accustomed to. I get the feeling he’s spent a fair amount of time staring out this particular window.
“This is the room he always requested. The woman at the front desk told us he specifically requested it every time, this one room.”
“Hey—” Travis gets our attention. “I had sex with her.”
He looks proud a moment before Steve tells him:
“No you didn’t.”
“…she wanted to, though. I could tell. Anyway, we know it’s that building.”
The building they’re referring to is a tall one in a row of apartments and small businesses. The black door to the front is sandwiched between several doors, one side a narrow entrance to an upstairs apartment beside a corner pizza place, and on the other is a tiny old bookstore. It’s inconspicuous but, even across the street, I can see the door is reinforced with steel and there’s a magnetic lock on the side – the former a commonality in the dangerous neighborhoods of north Philly but the latter was rare and obvious.
“Go on.”
As I lean back against the shallow edge of the pool – my back against the wall, my feet on the ground, my legs slanted to keep my head above water – they explain their individual discoveries as proud achievements:
“The building isn’t exactly owned—” Travis starts.
“Augustus found this out,” Steve interrupts.
“Yeah, he did,” Travis concedes with an annoyed glance at Steve, “but we did a lot of the leg work. Anyway, we were looking into local buildings – renters, owners, blueprints – there wasn’t much in particular, except one—except that one specific first-floor area with the magnetic lock. There was just no blueprint for the first floor specifically; it was just gone – and recently, I think. And the ownership of that one space – mind you not the building, just the first floor – it’s listed as a proprietorship. The places around are owned by one guy – he owns that building and three adjacent – but that first floor, no single owner is listed, no business name, registration, EIN, nothing. Could not find anything on it besides that it’s listed as a shipping business. However, we don’t see any shipping leave the building.”
They wait for a response.
“Okay, so what do you see leaving the building?”
“Ha HA!” Travis exclaims, index finger raised in the air. “This is where I come in. We set up cameras to film the doors twenty-four seven…”
And through the north Philly door we’re watching, at the precise time they said, a man in a well-fashioned black suit walks out. He holds open the door as a second man exits, dressed in an identical suit. Both have sunglasses on before they even step out of the building. In stiff strides and perfect posture, both men walk to the corner as a black Sedan pulls against the curb. They enter the car, doors close, and the car’s off.
“…so every day, two in the afternoon exact, two men enter, and at exactly three in the afternoon, two different men leave. Same at night, two in the morning and three. It’s hard to tell that they’re different – and it’s not just cause you white folk look alike – but they seem to be stylin’ their hair and outfits and everything to be identical.”
“Okay. So who are they?” I ask, intrigued.
“If we exclude the Matrix,” Steve shrugs, “I’m not sure.”
“Alright, so who’s driving?”
“We…don’t know,” Steve answers.
“Alright…” I think and they wait, “…tomorrow we buy a car. Get it reinforced.”
I don’t need to elaborate as they know what that entails.
Water splashes as Travis frantically touches his nose a quarter-second before Steve – designating him the involuntary volunteer – to which he responds, “Fuck.”
Travis drives us down a narrow back alleyway sandwiched by dumpsters.
“It took a shit-ton of tries to follow them. They always duck into alleys, singlin’ out any following cars. They always take a different way. They don’t always obey traffic laws, either.”
“How’d you follow ‘em here?” I ask.
“I just had Augustus order me a teeny GPS, coated it in somethin’ sticky—no jokes—and then I modified an ordinary pen to shoot it where I wanted. Got drunk and sat on the corner all night, waiting. Bing bang boom goes the dynamite.”
Travis pulls up alongside the back dumpster of a restaurant and points down the alleyway half a block, to a small office indented and sandwiched between the back of two larger enterprises. The appearance of a front entrance in a back alleyway isn’t uncommon but it gives the appearance of being shoddy. The door has a metal frame but glass front, adorned with a bold stencil:


ROBERTS & DUNHAM LAW OFFICES


A man in a white chef’s outfit stands on a nearby loading dock, smoking; the rest of the alley is desolate save the cars passing on the main roads.
“And that’s where they go. I’m pretty sure they never leave that building to go anywhere else. No food delivered, no clothes. Nothing. They walk in and don’t leave until they head back to the building. I’m thinking there’s an exit somewhere – there’s gotta be. The front street has a camera on it but this office doesn’t have a front-street exit and we don’t have the time to watch everyone that exits every building on this block. We got a camera over there for this alley—” he points at a nearby telephone poll “—and that was a bitch cause I had to put it high and I only had a belt to use and it chaffed my—”
“Just continue,” I tell him.
He rubs his thigh at the memory of climbing the poll.
“Anyway, we don’t know what’s in there, either. We don’t know…anything, really.”
“That’s not true,” Steve chimes in from the backseat.
After we dry off, return to our respective rooms (all adjoining), and change, we meet in Steve’s room; Travis’s room is too dirty, mine is too clean, and Augustus’s is too hot. The schematics to several buildings are already spread out over the bed.
Travis sloppily eats a hoagie while we talk.
“Keep that hoagie shit off the floor,” Steve warns.
Travis nods, his mouth too full to speak.
We study the blueprints laid out across the bed.
“We’ll name the buildings A and B,” Steve starts, “with A as the one across from the hotel since it’s our main point of interest. That’s where this Mans el-Ray Pasquale fellow was spending his time, not at building B – this fake law office or whatever it is.” He shifts several blueprints to face him more directly. “What we have is several areas overlapping most of the first floor of building A,” he points to squared off areas on each blueprint, “around this one area. Apartments on the second floor, top, top right over the pizza place, top left over the bookstore. Third floor top and top right are also for the pizza place – storage. Bookstore left, pizza place right. And between this is the void,” he lines the prints up as best he can, “so that there’s only a gap of…we’re talking maybe nine hundred square feet.”
“Alright. So what’re we thinking? We’re thinking basement, right?” I ask.
“We’re thinking basement,” Steve affirms, “or some structure underground. There isn’t one in the zoning records and we can’t see anything from the street but, yeah, I’m betting whatever’s there is in the ground.”
“And nothing goes in or out except two men?”
“Yeah…” Travis says with a mouthful of hoagie.
“No,” Steve says with an elbow to Travis, causing him to drop a tomato slice and look back, confused. They both look down at the tomato.
“There’s one other thing goin’ in,” Steve continues.
“What’s that?” I ask.
“It’s our way in,” Steve says with a smirk.
“Okay. What is it?”
“Coffee.”
A moment.
“Coffee?” I have to ask.
“Yeah. They bring a can of coffee in every other day.”
“And that’s going to get us inside?” I ask.
“Yup,” he answers, resolute.


HACKER++
“Before you go put yer shit away…” Steve says, handing me an identical plastic cigarette as the one Augustus had shown me. “This is the new Hacker. I’ve been callin’ it Hacker-plus-plus but…” he looks around, finding that mine is the only rapt attention. Travis is absorbed with his hoagie and Augustus is on the second bed, snoring softly.
“He’s been on the computer seventeen hours,” Steve informs me.
“Because of this?” I ask, holding up the plastic cigarette.
“Tell you the truth, I think he averages about seventeen hours a day so…no, probably not. But I guarantee it improved the quality of his work.”
And Steve gives me an abridged description of the compound Hacker-plus-plus:
“It’s odorless. Tasteless. Mist-based. Increases focus. Less R.E.M. sleep. Less anxiety. There’s no lag, no real physical dependency except that…when you stop, there’s several days where you just feel how much slower your brain works. It’s sort of like Flowers for Algernon but less severe – still, it’s depressing when you realize you’re going to be slower; however, it passes after two or three days and you just get used to it. Return to normal.”
“Bloughersperalgernin?” Travis asks with a mouth stuffed to the brim with hoagie meats.
“You are having a fucking love affair with that hoagie,” Steve says, half-joking and half-stern. (Travis tries to make a kissy face but it comes off obscene and sort of fish-like.) “And Flowers for Algernon is about a dumb guy that becomes really smart and then goes back to being really dumb. Sort of like you ‘cept without all that boring smart stuff in the middle…”
And I inhale cautiously on the end of the plastic cigarette.
There’s nothing – no taste, no smell, and no smoke when I breathe out; instead, there’s an odd sensation in the back of my skull that Steve immediately points out.
“Feel it in the sub-occipital, right? Man, I wish it was my first time.”
The feeling in the back of my skull is a cross between the way my head feels when I let out a much needed yawn, and the way my head might feel if it were to fall asleep like a limb without circulation, minus the pins and needles. The reaction is surprisingly different than the previous Hacker compound; this one is noticeably physiological. The lights grow bright as my pupils dilate and try to readjust. Only when my jaw unclenches do I realize how tight it had been clamped down and grinding.
Augustus stirs, opening his eyes to see my reaction.
Travis chews slower, momentarily distracted from his delicious hoagie. 
Steve smiles.
“Go in the bathroom. Keep the light off, your eyes are gonna be sensitive for a few minutes,” he instructs, holding my shoulder as he guides me toward the bathroom. I hear him speaking, acknowledge his words, but there’s a lapse between my understanding and the understanding that I understood what was said, like hearing a mysterious new language that you don’t expect to know but somehow do.
In the darkness of the bathroom, door closed behind me, there’s a moment of silence while I clearly hear them in the other room.
“It’s a good idea,” Steve says to Travis.
Without being in the room, I can picture where he’s standing. There’s a note of something unusual in his voice, something as distinct as it is subtle – he’s confident in his statement but not positive.
“Fifty says it’s the snake scales,” Travis says, food falling from his lips. (I can hear it.)
“Fifty says it’s…the bark. Or metal. An element? Is that too broad?” Steve asks.
“Pick one – you can’t just have every element.”
And then it happens.
Alone in the darkness of the bathroom, there’s a faint blue mist in the mirror. When I turn to check behind me, I catch the mist – more like a glow – emanating from my right hand. As the dim navy blue climbs up my right arm, the left begins to tingle until it, too, emits a soft blue light; I wave both hands in front of my eyes, the blue glow leaving a smoke-like trail in the air.
It’s reflected in the mirror, as well.
The sensation climbs my chest to my throat and down both legs like bathing in an ocean of temperate air. My nose tingles at the smell of a disinfectant on the tub floor. There’s an odd, unfounded desire to bare as much skin as I can. With each article of clothing I discard, the navy blue grows in volume and mass until there’s a cerulean explosion that mushrooms out and twirls up like the flames of a bonfire. My elbows tuck in against my sides and bent, my clenched fists on either side of my temples. Every muscle tenses as I lower my head, both eyes closed. The feeling is wonderful, like crossing up, over a peak, then sliding down so suddenly that my stomach fills with the terror of free-falling, and I understand that I may not be able to control it anymore, understand that I’m uncertain if I can return from this. My body swirls into a roaring blaze of pure blue light, where every nerve smiles and every cell raises its fist in triumph – there’s a penultimate swell and, in one final, intense implosion, each pore drinks it, breathes it into my body, and the flames are gone as if in a vacuum.
And then it’s over.
Just me, out-of-breath, naked, and flexing in a dark bathroom.
When my legs step toward the switch, and my arm lifts to turn on the bathroom light, it feels as if I’m ensconced in a layer of muscle and skin that’s tough as Kevlar. I examine myself in the light of the hotel bathroom but – as I was confident would be the case – there’s absolutely nothing different about me or my body.
It’s over, passed, and I’m back to a relative normal.
Bit by bit, I gather my clothes and redress, exiting the bathroom to find a familiar room with flourishes I hadn’t noticed before. The left-hand curtain is ripped. There’s a quarter-shaped brown stain on the floor between the beds. Travis is on the first half of his second hoagie and I can smell that it’s Italian meats with vinegar and onions. Augustus rumbles with a low snore; he’s awake, though. I can’t put my finger on why I know it, just that I know it. Steve approaches to flash a pen light in my eyes.
“I’m fine,” I say, pushing him off me.
“Gotta check,” but he backs off, returning to his spot near the bed.
“What…what just happened?” I ask, equal parts astonished and serene.
“It was your brain reacting, shifting, repurposing. Physiological feeling tends to combine with a brief hallucination. You took longer than most. People only tend to have it for three or four minutes. You were on about ten. But it won’t happen again unless you stop for a month or two and then start back up again.”
Steve leans a bit closer, examining me from a distance.
“I’m fine,” I remind him.
“Okay. Well, from here on out, you only need a drag off it every twelve hours. The one I gave you should last about a week before you need a new filter.”
“Did you see scales?” Travis asks, holding off from taking another bite of his hoagie incase he has the opportunity to gloat.
“Scales?” I ask.
Steve laughs as my answer alludes to the fact that I didn’t.
“Like a snake. Scales,” Travis says, disappointed.
I shake my head.
“No, no snake. It was a blue light.” And I check my skin to see if it’s still there. “It was uh…intense. Like being a part of a raging fire, just…amazing.” Dozens of adjectives fill my head – some of which I’ve only read – but nothing can adequately verbalize the sensation I had felt, so I don’t try…
I just move forward with more focus and determination.


CABIN PRESSURE
“When’s your bro leaving?”
“He left last night,” David reminds Chris a second time.
He’s sprawled out on the back couch, nursing a hangover.
“I don’t think he said goodbye…” Chris says, hazily looking up.
“He did, you were just really, really disastrously hammered. You got my new number – call if you need me…know what, call when you don’t, too. That worries me almost as much as you needing me.” He leans in to Chris’ ear, startling him, and whispers low so Lizzy can’t hear, “And no smoking weed at all when you’re with her or driving. When you’re with her or driving,” he repeats, “got me?”
Chris nods in agreement.
“She’ll be fine, dude.”
Lizzy’s sitting one couch up, fully engrossed and flinging herself left and right to the video game she’s playing on Chris’ large television.
Kate is in the kitchen, nervously shifting her weight as she talks with Sadie. They are both such pale ladies, David notices, but Sadie’s red hair and tall stature make her look more ghostly, in a way. Kate, being shorter, always with dark-ish hair, has a soft glow, warm. They appear to be happy and their laughter comes rolling into the room every so often. Sadie gives her a big hug and a firm butt-squeeze.
“Cheeky bastard,” Kate laughs.
They peck each other on the lips, then Sadie picks up the two glasses of juices she had poured before David and Kate had shown up to say their goodbyes, gracefully carrying them into the living room.
Kate stays at the threshold, keeping a slight distance.
“Here you go, sweetie,” she says, handing one to Lizzy.
Lizzy pauses the game, takes the cup, and gulps down half. David stares at her a moment until she realizes her mistake.
“Thanks,” Lizzy says to Sadie, remembering her manners.
“Where’s mine?” Chris asks as Sadie aggressively nudges him to share the couch.
“I didn’t hear you ask,” Sadie says, sipping from her glass and smiling as she licks the juice from off her upper lip.
“Cab’s here,” Kate calls to David after peering out a front window.
David leans in to kiss Lizzy once, twice, and on the third time she growls.
“Alright, dad. Bye. It’s not like I’m never gonna see you again,” she says, grumpily, her eyes on the game.
“Right,” he says with a dejected look, “okay, well, I’m leaving…”
“Bye everyone,” Kate says, and everyone says it in return.
David takes Kate’s hand and they leave everyone watching the game. The cab takes them to the airport and there’s little hassle on their way to board the flight. David kisses Kate during the few times they are forced to wait, and she blushes each time; he tells her how it’s usually depressing when he leaves for these book signings since Lizzy can’t always come with him…but this time, he’s hopeful, even looking forward to it. As they wait for take-off, Kate elaborates on London a bit – describing parties and small, hidden clubs where she’d go to avoid the paparazzi; after the flight attendants explain the safety procedures, Kate asks David a question:
“So my mate Lily…I don’t have an’e shows comin’ up and she’s go’a show in ‘bout a lil’ bit…” it’s obvious she had been rehearsing and waiting to ask this, “…an’ I’s won’erin’ – an’ I know, trus’ me, I know if you don’ wan’a do it ‘cause you go’a have to stay a extra few days – but I’ma join her on stage and…would’ja like ta join us?”
“On stage?” he asks. “What stage?”
“It’s a local venue – we got a few o’er mates joinin’, too. It’s for’a chari’ee. I don’ ‘member which, though.”
“Let’s…can we wait until we get to London, see how everything’s workin’ out around then. You’ll prolly be so sick of me you’ll regret having asked.”
She forces a laugh but David catches a quick look of dejection similar to the one he had after Lizzy’s goodbye. They don’t say much as the plane takes off. David’s right ear pops as the plane ascends but it isn’t particularly painful – more annoying, like someone stuck gauze in his ear. Kate sits on his right during the short flight and she glances over at him occasionally, finding him a bit more unresponsive than usual, melancholy even – he spends the short flight with his head back, deep in thought and staring out the tiny square window – but she dismisses the sullen behavior as a side-effect of leaving his daughter behind.
It isn’t until the drink cart comes that she realizes there’s a problem.
After the flight attendant gives three attempts to get his attention – each progressively louder – Kate nudges him and David jerks up, startled.
He looks around wildly, then up at the stewardess.
“Do you want a drink?” she asks.
He looks at her, puzzled.
She points to a soda and he shakes his head no.
Kate watches him open his jaw as wide as possible while rubbing his right ear.
“I can’t really—” he says in a loud voice, stopping to open his jaw wide again.
“You okay?” Kate asks, an inkling of panic in her belly.
He nods but the look on his face is unsure.
“I just think my EAR POPPED ‘CAUSE OF THE—” he’s practically yelling and Kate motions for him to quiet down. “I think my ear popped from the cabin pressure. I can’t…I can’t really hear anything.”
Neither of them speaks the rest of the flight.
As the plane descends, there’s a second pop – this one is far worse, excruciatingly painful. David howls in pain as the plane touches down on the tarmac, his hand covering his left ear as he crouches into a seated, fetal position. Though he can’t hear his own screams of pain, everyone else on the flight can. A stewardess runs down the aisle while the plane is still navigating the runway, kneeling beside them.
Kate describes everything leading up to the moment of his howl of anguish but David can’t hear any of it, grimacing as he looks over to see why no one’s making a sound. His scream turns to an agonizing whimper when it finally dawns on him that it’s not his vocal cords malfunctioning. To make matters worse, when the paramedics arrive he finds himself unable to balance himself when he stands and so they lay him out on the stretcher.
Their first destination – which was supposed to be a cab ride to David’s old neighborhood – is the nearest hospital.


PHASE ONE – OPERATION YELLOW HARDHAT
The door opens to a small, quaint apartment. A burly Hawaiian man clothed only in boxer-shorts stands on the other side of the door.
“Oh my. Hello – Mr. Forest?” Travis asks him.
The burly man nods, obviously a bit surprised about the visitor.
“Your landlord should’ve called,” Travis informs him, the result of one arduously drawn out call that Steve had made the day before I arrived. The building is a duplex, sectioned by entrances and floors. The third floor has no barrier wall between buildings and it’s used for all excess equipment, backup ingredients, extras, and so on from a pizza shop. The floor below, on either side of this building, are apartments with separate entrances, one of which is on the other side of the corner pizza shop. One man owns the property from the pizza place to the book store – all of it except the first floor “room” we’re trying to get into – but the owner lives in Florida and hasn’t stepped foot in the buildings in some time. He was miserly, argumentative, and incoherent at times.
Travis continues.
“I’m with the pizza place next door. There’s some rotten wood in the third floor.” Steve and I have known Travis long enough that we can tell he’s using his nerdy voice in an attempt to sound “less black” as he calls it: it’s a voice he uses when he’s trying not to sound threatening to white people. Augustus is at his computer in the hotel room, the clicking of the keyboard faint in the background.
The burly man nods, yawns, rubs his left eye, and returns to his bedroom, closing the door and audibly landing flat on his bed. It’s one in the afternoon but the man had only been home from work for a few hours. Travis had seen him leave for the night shift numerous times and Augustus was able to pull up an online copy of his work schedule.
In minutes, loud, undulating snoring erupts from the bedroom.
“Alright, I don’t even need to whisper,” Travis says to the mic under his lapel. He’s wearing a button-up shirt, tie, slacks, and a yellow hardhat. Both Steve and I had protested vehemently against the helmet, as it didn’t make sense; his argument, which Augustus sided with, was that you always imagine a building inspector wearing a hardhat. “All you have to do is mention ‘building inspector’ and you picture a nerdy thin white guy with maybe glasses. And definitely a hardhat.” He had already procured one and, since we couldn’t rule it out by saying it would serve absolutely no purpose, he wore it.
 “Dude’s gone. That whole helmet conversation was totally unnecessary,” he says, walking into the living room. There’s a backpack hanging over his shoulder and he sets it on the ground – inside it, there’s a drill, a tiny fiber-optic camera, and the contraption he recently assembled. “Glad I wore it anyway ‘cause it makes me look super-badass—holy shit!” his hand had been riding the rim of the helmet but stops as he sees…
“This stereo is amazing.”
“Seriously?” Steve says, exhaling.
“You scared the shit out of us,” I let him know.
Travis is already pulling out the couch a bit, ignoring us; then, standing against the outside wall, he makes an approximation of where the middle of the far wall might be located. He had already figured it out with the blueprint but he wanted to eye it up as well – his machine wasn’t going to be precise, but it needed to be relatively center of the building.
He bends next to a bookcase against the opposite wall, beside a television. [“This guy owns some nice shit for living in north Philly,” he says, to which I respond, “Quit it with the knocks on north Philly. That shit pisses me off. They can’t help it.”] From the bag, he removes something that looks like a metal spider: it has long, glistening legs with a thick, square strip for a body, the whole thing maybe two feet in length. Once the thing stands on its legs, up maybe six inches from the ground, Travis plugs his phone into an outlet on the back…
“Got it,” we hear Augustus say immediately, followed by faint clicking.
Travis puts his palm along the phone-sized body of the metal contraption and presses it flat against the ground, each leg arcing more tense. An odd pulsating begins from the legs; it remains low in volume, sounding like the bass of a neighbor’s speakers.
“How long?” Augustus asks.
“Ummm, good question,” Travis answers.
“Did you give it any thought—” August begins the duel from his seat in the hotel room.
“Of course I gave it some thought but it depends on—” and Travis continues it from a stranger’s apartment.
“If it works?” Steve mock-finishes the sentence from a back room in the Public Works building.
There’s an angry silence.
Travis had modified a piece of equipment that he had been modifying for some time (so it was re-re-re-modified now) but it was one that had started out as a sonar; through its various generations of re-modification, it had become notorious for not working. I hadn’t encountered it before but, once they met, Steve and Travis hadn’t separated from one another, ever, and Steve had seen the metal spider’s gradual progression, where several of the stages were outright malfunction; however, with a well-staged trial, Travis and Augustus recently combined efforts to show us what a person was doing in the room three floors directly below us in the hotel. The image came up green and blurry but you could make out an overhead view of someone pacing as they talked on the phone.
“It’s coming,” Augustus says.
I had been pacing the sidewalk outside a body shop. The mechanic promised that it would only take two hours to reinforce the Dotson I had purchased that morning; it was approaching two and a half and I enter a nearby diner. Once seated, I order a coffee and pull out the modified smart phone Augustus had given me, which blinks and flashes with the beginning of an image…then a series of thick green lines form and shift, taking shape. Before anything is distinguishable, there is the prominent form of a large rectangular outline.
More definition, more lines, borders, translucent shapes.
Once the image settles, one thing becomes apparent:
There is a prominent rectangle below the first floor that’s bigger than the room above it and spreads past all lines signifying the four walls of the first floor, continuing past the boundaries of the image.
Whatever it is, the glowing box is huge and appears to be shielded.
Individual, semi-transparent green details fill out what appears to be the area on the first floor, though they’re scarce and obscure due to the vibrancy of the giant glowing box that lies beneath it.
“So…it would appear that there is, in fact, a subterranean enclosure…and it’s…a big fuckin’ metal tomb or something, I don’t know.” Augustus clicks several buttons and tries to move the bird’s eye view to the side for a better look but it only slightly decreases the downward angle. “It appears no one is directly below you. You should be able to drill down and get a look. Hold.” Augustus clicks a few things and the screen on our phones goes to a black and white command prompt. He types furiously; we hear it faintly but see the words appear on our screens. A new image appears – this time all in white but unmoving, a snapshot – and there’s now more of a side-view where we can establish a few defining images of the first floor.
The basement enclosure looks like a box of solid granite.
“Make the hole,” and Augustus checks the layout, moving the mouse to try and locate the best vantage point, “hmm…I guess do it where’s it’s inconspicuous. I’m not finding,” he twirls the 3D image with the mouse and we watch, “any entrance into the basement. As far as I can tell, the downstairs is one solid room. No bathroom…nothing but—what is that?” And then it dawns on him, “Oh, the coffee machine’s there. On a small table in the corner. There’s a few tables and chairs, a fridge. It’s not picking up any electronic interference in the room except from the shell of the basement. It looks like a small kitchen, I guess. But no one’s in there so have at it.”
Augustus makes a heaving noise as he rises to his feet. There’s the sound of shuffling, accompanied by deep, close breathing.
“Your breathing gives me the willies,” Steve says. “It feels like you’re behind me.”
“Seconded,” Travis adds.
“Fuck all ya’alls—BOOM!” Augustus proclaims, flicking switches. Steve in the Public Works building, Travis in the apartment building, and I in the diner – we all stare anxiously at our phone’s screen, waiting, when Augustus appends his exclamation with, “It uh…it takes a moment.”
The image is black but there’s the distinct noise of rubbing, as if it’s recording the inside of someone’s pocket.
“Better not be nothing sharp in your pockets scratching up my lens,” Augustus threatens Travis.
“My pocket’s like the room you’re in – nothing sharp inside. Boom, count it.”
Steve and Travis chuckle together, a city apart.
There’s the sound of a drill against wood. Silence. Shuffling. The television changes from black to Travis’ face while he inspects the lens; then, in a dizzying spin, he sticks it into the hole.
And we finally get a look inside the room.


MOROSE DIAMONDS
David folds the doctor’s note, stuffing it into his front pocket as he carefully walks into the waiting room. His ears are packed with gauze and his head feels a bit like a vise is tightening on either side of it.
Surrounded by their luggage, Kate sits in an uncomfortable chair in the waiting room and doesn’t notice him enter, her gaze out a nearby window. Her hair is in a state of disarray from a nervous habit where she unconsciously stuffs her fingers in and gently pulls outward; he’d seen her do this before and she said it was something her mother used to do when young Kate would rest her head in her mother’s lap.
 “You—” she looks up, startled, and he tries to make himself sound normal, “you look beautiful.”
She beams up at him, her cheeks a rosy pink.
Her mouth opens and words come out in a faraway whisper.
“Doctor says my right ear will recover pretty quick,” he says at a moderate volume, “but I won’t be able to hear you very well for a little while. At least I can walk now.”
She nods.
For the rest of the day, David has to watch Kate’s face – particularly her lips but her eyes, as well – in order to decipher what she says, though she doesn’t speak as often as he does.
“My brother hates coming back here,” David tells her as the cab drives through his old neighborhood. “I don’t know why, he was the one that liked our parents.”
They pass row houses and David points to one without saying anything.
It’s not ceremonial and once they pass, David has the cab drive them to a hotel in Center City. At the front desk, he says the word Suite several times before Kate has to step in and procure the room. They get their room key and head up to drop off their bags. The plan had been for David to take Kate sightseeing around Philadelphia before catching a train to New York from thirtieth street station; instead, they decide to spend the night since he doesn’t have to be in New York until his meeting with the publisher at four the next day.
He takes her to the Liberty Bell. She feigns interest and shows even less enthusiasm for a trip to Constitution Hall so they leave for drinks on South Street. Neither of them talk much as the afternoon turns to evening. As they head for dinner, David has the cab driver drop them along an expensive stretch of Arch Street.
Instead of dinner, David makes a detour into Tiffany’s.
“This may be the last time I get to buy you something,” he tells her when she hesitates; the statement draws attention to the morose mood of their visit to Philadelphia and the depressing nature of the trip entire. 
They peruse the glass cases of sparkling diamonds and gold until he comes across a silver necklace with a diamond base. Kate’s on the opposite side of the store, bored. An awkward situation follows, where David shows Kate the necklace and she consistently refuses to accept it; try as he might, she outright refuses it and he can’t understand why.
After a silent, expensive dinner in a French restaurant whose name David repeatedly mispronounces (because he can’t hear the correct pronunciation), they step back out on the street…
“My parents died a few blocks that way,” David says three times before Kate hears him and understands the information.
Her eyes fill with a sorrow as he only has to say once:
“They were stabbed to death.”
They stand on the sidewalk without a destination.
David watches Kate as she says something, then says it again, then she mouths one word:
“Hotel.”
He nods and they take a cab back to their hotel. Once in the room, David takes off his shirt and kicks off his pants and underwear on his way to their luggage. Bent down, shuffling through his clothes, he pulls out a bathing suit and dresses in it; then, carefully, he removes the gauze from his ears, which come out with a thick red/yellow goo.
David motions hand-over-hand, simulating swimming.
“I – can’t – go under water!” he says too loud.
Kate nods in understanding and shakes her head at the invitation.
Kate sits on the bed once the door closes and David’s gone. There’s a level of shock that’s taken her a while to shed, and it’s not just over David’s loss of hearing – though there is a prominent gloom emanating from him; whether from the absence of Lizzy or the momentary loss of hearing or that she wasn’t going to return at the end of the trip, something was obviously weighing heavily on him.
While David swims in the hotel pool – watching a lone black fellow dive to the bottom of the twelve foot section for a minute at a time – Kate attempts to keep herself busy, organizing the stuff in her suitcase, setting aside her clothes for the next day, unpacking her toiletries, and so on. With a bag for dirty clothes in her hand, she crosses the room, picking David’s shirt from off the floor and shoving it to the bottom. There’s a moment when she goes to lift his pants up and do the same but she freezes – there’s a moment of sad realization before Kate empties the dirty shirt back onto the floor.
Had she picked up David’s pants and checked the pockets for trash instead of repacking her suitcase to rush out of the hotel, the city, and the country, she would have revealed the fact that they both had a secret.


FROM A CITY OF ASH
“This…take it!” Augustus says, annoyed when I don’t immediately take the large, black-and-white photo from him.
“What?” I respond, also grumpy.
We’re in his hotel room and the heat affects me one of two ways – sleepy or irritated, and today I’m irritated as there’s been a surprisingly small amount of progress made so far. The scene inside the first floor room was exactly as predicted by the 3D image: chairs, tables, a half-empty coffee pot on a corner table, and a refrigerator. All the windows were impenetrably covered and there was a narrow hallway leading to the front door – it was in this hallway that there was an entrance to a lower level but, having assumed the passage would be in the room itself, we didn’t have an especially good view of them opening and closing the “door”. At 2:00 p.m. sharp, we watched two men, clad in thin black suits with black ties, enter through the front door and sit at adjoining tables (they didn’t even face each other, as if enemies); they passed time drinking coffee, eating lunch, and sitting silently until 2:45, when two other men appeared from out of the hallway and joined. There was no discussion as the first group of two men entered the hallway and disappeared into the mysterious entranceway to the basement, while the second group drank a quick cup of coffee and exited through the front door at exactly 3:00. The slanted camera angle down into the room gave us the location of the door, as we could see the bottom edge of it swing open, but nothing more. Before entering, the men would shuffle in front of the entrance for a moment, and we assumed there was a second lock (aside from the magnetic lock on the front door) to get down to this area.
Also, Steve had had little success in the back rooms of the Public Works building. We sent Travis to join him and help but they had yet to turn up with any pertinent information.
Plus, I was plain aggravated when the car took four hours to reinforce. 
“That’s the man that called you,” Augustus answers sharply.
The photo (obviously taken while the subject in question was under surveillance) is of an older man with white hair parted to the left. His piercing eyes flare with anger, the object of the gaze outside the picture. He has a trench coat with the lapel pulled up over his neck and chin dipped down in a menacing, Dracula-esque fashion. There aren’t many details to take in beside the evil glare and old, worn features of the man.
“His name is Henry Fox,” Augustus’ tone shifts back to haphazard, “but this is the man you need to worry about.”
The second photo Augustus hands over (this one in color) is that of a younger Asian man. The first noticeable feature is his different colored eyebrows, one black and the left one pure blonde. Almost just as noticeable is a thin, symmetrical scar from the corner of his right ear down along his cheekbone, ending just under his right eye.
“Henry Fox is the man that called but this man, Sinto, he’s the man that’s going to show up. CIA nabbed this photo of Fox about two years ago during an investigation. The investigation was into the disappearance of,” Augustus clicks away at the computer, “…someone. Either way, that investigation was called off almost as quickly as it started. And this man – Sinto – they snapped this photo of him but there’s no reference to him anywhere, no other photos, no history, nothing. However,” and he clicks away, “I was able to determine through many dubious and hard, hard,” he really stresses the word, “haaard hours of work and research, that this Sinto is probably his right hand man.”
Augustus pulls up the beginning of a police report and a printer somewhere under the table, beneath layers of wiring and junk, springs to life.
“Here’s Fox’s rap sheet. Henry Fox has been charged and acquitted of almost every crime a human can commit. He was indicted about nine years ago for fraud, perjury, and withholding evidence in a case against Jimmy D'Andrea. Given four years in prison, served less than three months. Since then, he’s been at the same game with the same results. Charged four years ago with conspiracy and racketeering, acquitted. Last year he was charged with drug trafficking but…charges were dropped due to a lack of evidence.”
Without looking, Augustus reaches over a hand and places his fingers on the picture of Sinto, the scarred Asian man with multi-colored eyebrows.
“This man…in my gut, I know – I’m certain…this is your threat. The other man is powerful but it’s this man that you need to worry about. Call it a hunch backed up with as much info,” he reaches down and hands me two dozen pages of police reports, “as I could find.”
I nod.
“You got a meeting with Charne on Sunday,” Augustus says with a smirk.
“Good. Where?” I ask, anticipating bad news.
“Um, it’s a hike. You’re gonna have to catch a Saturday redeye out.”
“Fine. Where am I meeting her?”
“Good old Jo-burg, South A.”
I sigh but it’s what I expected.
“Also, that police Chief you asked me about. He doesn’t seem to have anything concrete linking you to the attack on Roger Dupont. Dupont said your name and there were potential footprints at the scene that got trampled by first response. Doesn’t matter – even if they have his confession and all the evidence in the world, it’d only equate to an aggravated assault charge.”
Again, I sigh.
“Roger Dupont is alive and well at St. Peter’s Hospital?”
“Alive. Well. Anonymous tip called almost immediately after the incident. Poisoned, his heart stopped, but they brought him back. He gonna talk when he wakes?”
“He’s not going to say anything to anyone,” I assure him. “And I can’t say much more to you in this horrid fucking heat. I’m going to go to my room but you and I need to finish the conversation we started last night, and you need to tell me why you lied about knowing Roger Dupont.”


WHY AUGUSTUS LIED
Stop sayin’ I lied.
This Dupont was puttin’ together a team a fortnight before you called me—


Fortnight?


Fuck off.
This guy was tryin’ to put a team up but he was struggling. He didn’t have the resources but he was around. I got an offer, so did one of my…contemporaries. We turned him down. No money, no backing, no affiliation, nothing. Didn’t seem worth the risk.
Word on the street was that he was the son of a man named Ghos. Someone big time, worked out of Philly.
Did some checkin’ that can’t be done on a computer and found out that this Roger Dupont had been involved…involved like you, like me…for a good deal of time. Did some more checkin’ and found it was him that sent a group of mercenaries after you because you, apparently, murdered his father.
That true?


About the mercenaries or that I murdered his father?


Either.


Yes. Go on.


He was lookin’ to organize a group to do exactly what you’re doin’ here. Said something big was going to go down in Philadelphia. That’s all.
And he used to be called Bartleby.
Wasn’t much else to it except…


Except what?


Except he kept accusing the Seven Devils of being behind…well, whatever it was he thought was happenin’ here. When he went silent, I thought it was ‘cause they got him. Not you.


THE PUBLIC WORKS
Steve knocks on my room and I open the door, surprised that he’s alone.
“Where’s Travis?” I ask, and Steve shoots me a contemptuous look.
“He’s still at the works building, think his Bluetooth died. I had to move if I was gonna reserve a lab at the university.”
“Which did you pick?”
“Drexel.”
“Why not Temple?” I ask, curious – I had affection for Drexel, personally, since my father used to teach there.
“’Cause fuck Temple,” he answers, sharply.
“Fair enough. You going to need me tomorrow at the lab?”
He nods.
This exchange happens in the threshold of my hotel room so I back in and Steve follows. My room is neat and tidy except the spare bed covered with all of the information Augustus had printed for me. Steve glances at the photos—“What’s all this about?”—before taking a seat on my bed.
“Something I gotta deal with. I’m out Saturday night to Monday for a meeting with Charne which means we need to settle up some of this stuff by Saturday morning. I need more to go on before I see her.”
“Well, Travis seems to think he found what we were looking for but I’m not a hundred percent. I’ll give it another look tomorrow but the Public Works Office closed about—” checks his watch, “—five minutes ago. Anyway, I sent Augustus the pictures from the office so he can draw us up some ideas in the meantime.”
“Did you and Travis…decide…” I’m nudging him the direction I want without saying what it is I need to ask of them.
“Yeah. I’m gonna do the car…tonight, I guess…” he sighs, though the answer is obvious since I have a deadline of Saturday afternoon for concrete results. “And Travis is gonna do the sewer.”
I give Steve a gentle pat and an appreciative nod.
“You’ll be fine. They said the car could hit a train and the driver would be fine.”
“It’s not the impact…it’s what happens after,” a hint of genuine nervousness in his voice.
“I’ll be there. You’ll be fine.”
“Yeah, I’m turning into a pussy as I get older. And Travis…he gives me that bullshit look like he’s never gonna see me again when I mention it. Makes him more affectionate, though…which I guess is good. He’s been kinda cold lately.”
“Well…” I never know how to deal with their relationship, “…good luck?”
“I’m gonna go get some quiet time, rest up for tonight.”
“You do that…” and a feeling of tired rushes over me. “Think I might, too.”
“Okay,” he says, standing to leave, wearily adding, “then we’ll go fuck shit up.”


WINDOW IN THE ROOM
David sits atop the air conditioner with his knees bunched against his chest, staring out the hotel room window at the landmarks of his hometown city, the skyline a black canopy littered with bright specks and smears, some flashing, some distant, some glowing like Earth-bound planets or shooting like a star.
Her note is clutched in his hand but he doesn’t even notice anymore.


David,
I’ll miss you but I’m not good at dealing with this kind of thing. I’m going home early. Contact me when you’re in London.
Kate


A small part of him had expected her to leave.
A small part of him is happy that she left, too, but he’s not sure why. Without her, he’s free to mop and droop his head and hate the world…except he didn’t feel like doing any of that. He was holding out hope, reserving judgment on the future. At least she didn’t have to be there helping, pitying, feeling obligated…
And now he had something to get back.
Now, his destination had importance, had weight. 
The moment he saw her bags gone, he had missed her, though. Her scent lingered in the room as if she had just stepped out to get ice. The bed would be lonely without her. But he shed no tears and the thought of feeling sorry for himself only made him sick. Instead, he stays at the window of his hotel room, texting from the prepaid phone his brother had bought him before leaving.
First is a mass text:


DAVID: Ear drum burst from the airplane ride. Can’t talk over phone. Only text.


There’s only a moment’s pause before the first response.


SADIE: omg thats awful r u alright?
DAVID: Yea, Ill be fine. How is the massage school?
SADIE: lol better be fine. n the semester is about to start new students yay


There’s a momentary pause before his screen flashes twice with the message that he’s just received a photo from Sadie. When he clicks to open it, the picture is a downward view of a half-obscured, naked butt beneath a thin blanket.


SADIE: had to stop a massage to answer please be careful n take care ttyl
SADIE: n tell kate i want her hot ass


David assumes the picture is Sadie’s butt and that she’s receiving a massage, not that she had to stop a client’s massage…but he’s never certain when it comes to Sadie or Chris, and he’s not given much time to think about it as his phone blinks repeatedly with an onslaught of text messages:


PAM NOEL: Sory to here it.
PAM NOEL: That wasnt a joke.
PAM NOEL: Bar is fine. New bartender is fine.
PAM NOEL: Everything fine.
PAM NOEL: When will u be back?
DAVID: Less than a week.
PAM NOEL: Everything isfine until you come back.
PAM NOEL: Tell kate not to drink toomuch.


An hour passes where David paces and sings to himself, trying unsuccessfully to gauge his pitch and range, fluctuating his volume to estimate the difference between a decent inside voice and a whisper. He belts out a few lyrics, reaching full volume, but stops before his neighbors complain.
He does miss Lizzy and lingers on memories of her.
There’s a sickly feeling in his belly, not of sadness or concern but of boredom, of staying in the same place for too long. He searches his travel bag for motion sickness medicine and takes two of the tiny pink pills. Within minutes, his eyes grow heavy and he sits on the edge of the bed.
There’s a vibration next to him:


BROTHER: Did you go to a doctor?
DAVID: Yes.
BROTHER: And?
DAVID: And they say I have the same signs as mom.
BROTHER: How bad?


David types several responses, erasing each to begin a new one with less information, or more information, or an angry declaration, or…
He falls asleep without answering, and he does it on purpose.





a brief interlude about the seven devil nation


Conversations with the Seven Devil Nation
With a swift movement, she slapped me clear across the face.
“He’s faking,” she said with certainty.
Dazed, I couldn’t help but wonder:
Who the fuck are you?
“Welcome, Mr. Ridley. My name’s Charne,” pronounced like Chardonnay without the D sound, “and we’re going to make this quick, as you – my lucky friend – are ruining my shoes.” Plastic skin, a South African accent, and obviously irritated, Charne bended down on her knees like the tall, skinny stick-like man had been doing just before her. He was now standing next to her, looking down, the gang of angry bandits behind them. The bandits were cursing me more and more frequently, growing fierce and irate as they realized the poison was no longer killing me.
My back against the tree, tied and angry, I stared into her face. She had the faint scent of plum, and the makeup on her face was beginning to smudge and smear from the heat and sweat. For a moment, the woman became preoccupied with someone standing behind the tree, someone that had remained quiet the entire time I had been conscious enough to realize what I was doing.
“Handle them, please,” she told the silent stranger.
There was the loud sound of a gun cocking.
“Tell ‘em,” a gruff, South African voice spoke up, “that if they don’t shut their bloody mouths, I’m going to shoot the big one.”
Before the gruff-voiced man finished speaking – before the tall, spindly fellow could translate – the gang of bandits had quieted down. There had been movement behind me and it sounded like a rifle shifting in someone’s hand. They stared down at me once more before heading off into the forest; as they left, they were huddling close to each other and speaking low.
“You need to tell me, how’d you survive the poison?” Charne says, bending down.
“We made an antidote. For the villagers,” I spoke in dry rasps.
“Who’s ‘we’?” she spat, frustrated.
I said nothing.
“Doesn’t matter. Do you know who’s hired these local—beasts!” she cursed at the group that now stood far off, still gawking and sneering, but talking amongst themselves quietly. A moment later, they were vanished amongst the lush green.
I nodded.
“Bloody hell, let’s just get this out of the way…”
I braced myself.
“You murdered Francis Dupont. Ghos, as we called him. I’m sure you did, too. Well, that was father of the man who ordered these beasts to come for you. We call this man Bartleby but his real name is Roger Dupont. Roger contacted this man—” she pointed behind me to someone; then, annoyed, she motioned for the man to walk over, which he did.
The man with such a gruff voice walked around to face me. His frame was large, muscular, obviously someone that had been or currently was in the military. He had a shaved head with the South African flag tattooed to his scalp and, aside from the camouflage outfit, he had an assault rifle cradled in his arms.
“Dingane, meet Mr. Ridley. Mr. Ridley, this is Dingane.”
The man hardly cares, his eyes searching the forest for the bandits.
“Bartleby hired this man to kill you.” Charne looks into my eyes to see if I’m paying attention. I nod my chin at her as if to hurry her speech. “This man and his team tracked you here and hired these…” she goes to point at the bandits but they’re gone, “…well, let’s hope they crawled back into whatever hole they came out of.”
The gruff soldier turns, aiming his gun toward the forest and moving toward the last place they saw the bandits.
“Well, it just so happens you’re very important to us. Ghos was a member of the Seven Devil Nation. And as this tends to be the next question—no, there are more than seven of us. We seven are six continents and the head. We are not in Antarctica. We the Seven Devil Nation are a community. We exist to keep things better. We funded Ghos as he helped to clean up Philadelphia.”
I stare at her, blank-eyed.
“We’ve known about you for some time now. Ghos gave us steady reports about how pertinent you were to his operation. So we have come with a proposition. As you have murdered a member of the Seven Devils, you are to take his place. There will be a ceremony. You are to come with me, right now.”
She stands and turns to the stick man, scolding, “Well, cut him bloody loose and let’s get out of this shithole before I get malaria.”


the asterisk


PHASE TWO – OPERATION REINFORCED CAR
I check my watch:
1:43 a.m.
We’re parked in darkness a block from the alleyway entrance of Roberts & Dunham Law Offices. Steve has been regaling me with the long, overly-detailed quest he made to procure Mans el-Ray Pasquale’s autopsy report.
 “…and I had to find the right med intern before—”
Steve’s in the driver’s seat and I hold my hand up between us, preventing him from continuing. Days earlier, he had gotten the report with the help of an intern. A clever individual picked to have the autopsy of the recently deceased Senate Aid Mans el-Ray Pasquale to be performed at the Main Line Hospital. It was an impressive decision, as this guaranteed an intern-assisted autopsy which, by law, must keep the deceased anonymous to those gathering the data. The person had succeeded in removing the hospital’s record of the autopsy results; however, there are two separate systems for back-up in a college hospital, student and staff.
“Thanks for getting the report,” I say once again, “but you don’t need to tell me every detail. I appreciate it. Really. Do we know why the autopsy, forged or otherwise, never made it to records?”
“No. As there were no formal charges, it should exist in some form or another,” Augustus says over the line. He’s in his hotel room noisily opening the plastic on a Twinkie.
“So we got, what?” I think aloud, “Someone covered up a murder. Made it look subtle, called it pneumonia. Who can explain how to explode lungs?”
The autopsy report said that Mans el-Ray Pasquale was in perfect health except for a severe burn to his esophagus and partial disintegration of both lungs.
“Not especially difficult if you have resources,” Steve eagerly refers to his story again, “the med student told me. Something similar to dry ice but in a condensed form, or a condensed container. Something like that.”
“Like an inhaler? But why?” I ask, unable to put it together. “Why so elaborate? Did something get screwed up? Someone make a mistake? Was this what they wanted? I mean, it just doesn’t make sense. You want him out of the equation, kill him in an alleyway. People get killed in Philadelphia all the time. Why leave so many loose ends?”
“Out-out-out,” Steve says hurriedly, removing the miniscule blue tooth from his ear; he hands the waxy device to me, along with his phone.
“Good luck,” Travis wishes him, though Steve can no longer hear it.
I open the passenger door, ducking out of the car and into the darkness of the alleyway. The night is warm and, once clear of the car, I stand to walk inconspicuously, turning out of the alley and down the street. A homeless man sleeps against the base of a boarded up, long abandoned store. There’s a shadowy figure beside a front stoop smoking a cigarette, his head turning to follow my casual pace. At the end of the block (where a Stop sign has sloppy black graffiti reading the ubiquitous DICK), I turn right to circle long-ways.
The thing about North Philadelphia is that it used to be prosperous. My father used to take David and I around to show us how the architecture had been developed during the Industrial Revolution, when North Philly was “a working man’s town.” It had also been early to racially integrate into the neighborhoods (“except for the tinier streets”). The economy took a hit, the whites left, and the neighborhoods nosedived. Large areas of once-striking-now-condemned buildings had been bulldozed and replaced with tracts of public housing. Everywhere it was dirty and vulgar with graffiti. Our father had an affinity for North Philly, something that didn’t rub off on me.
David and I interpreted these trips differently: David always saw himself – he felt trapped, like a person that couldn’t leave the shithole parts of North Philly; I always saw the city in front of me, saw the shittiest parts of North Philly as a destination where poor decisions would lead.
In the time before reaching the end of the second block, Augustus gives me the go ahead and I make a call to the police, explaining that I had heard gunshots in the same alleyway as the law offices of Roberts and Dunham. (Augustus had specifically arranged for the number of the phone to register as a nearby pay phone on the dispatch computer.)
Almost as soon as I hang up, there’s the sound of a monstrous explosion.
Running at full-pace, I cross the street and turn right, covering half a block to the opposite end of the alleyway I had just exited, rounding the corner. Halfway down, it’s apparent that the front half of my new Dotson has been jammed directly into the front half of a sedan so badly that it’s mashed the two cars into one. Smoke cyclones under an orange light directly over the accident, and a man in a suit stands beside the rubble – I recognize him immediately as one of the men from building A. His sleeve is next to his mouth and it appears he’s talking to it.
Before I can approach, he lifts the gun already drawn in his hand to accurately point it at my head, demanding, “Stop where you are!” I stop and put both hands over my head, calling out some fifteen feet from him and the mangled wreckage of the two cars, “I-I just heard the accident. Is-is everyone alright?”
He ignores me and lowers the gun. Tires screech and an identical sedan enters the alley from the opposite direction. It pulls up behind the wreck and two other suited men step out, leaving the car running. One man examines the remains while the other two try opening the passenger door to the mangled sedan. The frame is too bent to open the door so they open the back one instead. One of the men disappears into the back seat and, with the help of the other two, heaves an unconscious fourth out onto the street. The three men drag the fourth to the other sedan, load him in the back seat, pile in after him, reverse, and drive away, leaving the driver in the wreck.
“We have a serious problem,” I tell Travis and Augustus.
“Oh God, please tell me he’s okay,” Travis whispers, mournfully.
Both Travis and Augustus ask more questions from the Bluetooth but I ignore them, sprinting to the Dotson. The driver’s side window is busted out entirely and Steve appears to be unconscious on the wheel. I don’t touch him while checking for any serious damage he may have suffered, but he doesn’t even appear to be bleeding.
“I’d still rather do this,” Steve groans, his eyes still closed, “then go into the sewer.”
“Is he alright?” Travis practically pleads into my ear.
“Yeah, he’s fine,” I say, “but that wasn’t the problem.”
“What’s the problem?” Augustus asks.
“There’s more than one of these places around here.”
“Tell him I love him,” Travis says without having heard a word I said.
“I’m not going to do that,” I tell him.


FIRST THING IN THE MORNING
David boards the train to New York alone.
The ride is arduous but, as they slow to a stop in the station, he’s no more pleased being miserable in a city than he was being miserable on a train.
With his bag around his shoulder, he steps onto the platform of the muggy station. There’s a strange poetry to the sight of a throbbing crowd that makes absolutely no sound. Maneuvering through the people, he takes a few steps before sensing a commotion behind him. Glancing over his shoulder, David finds a tall, freckled man with a crop of ginger hair and beady eyes hastily shoving himself through the members of a family. Oblivious to the family’s angry glare, he reaches David and holds his hand out in welcome.
This is Shepard, his publishing agent.
David shakes his thin hand, watching Shepard’s pink lips as they move fast. There’s a moment where Shepard waits for a response; not getting one, his slim lips speedily dance once more. People pass as the platform steadily empties. Shepard uses his hands to point at the train, the sky, scratch his chin, and make a gesture to suggest he’s describing someone short.
Instead of trying to explain, David just reaches a hand in his pocket and gives Shepard the folded up paper.
Shepard unfolds it and begins reading. David looks around, glad the crowd has gone. When he looks back, Shepard’s face is perplexed. He hands the note back and David is surprised to find the hotel stationary at the top of the page. He sticks his hand in his opposite pocket and finds another folded piece of paper, pulling it out to find that it’s the correct one.
Shepard hands back the doctor’s note with a grimace and a pat on the back.
His lips no longer dance, and together they leave the station.


THE DOCTOR’S NOTE


I apologize for this informal way of presenting you with bad news but, as you cannot hear me, I want to express this in full. The incident on the plane has shed light on a much greater threat. Family medical records show that your mother was diagnosed with a congenital auditory deficiency known as Bachman-Fischer Syndrome. This, too, is likely the cause for the vast long-term deterioration that I have found in both of your ear canals. Though your right ear will temporarily recover from the rupture in the next few days, your left ear has suffered permanent damage and will never again function as it once had. There is a need for further testing so that we may ascertain what preventative measures can be taken; however, the likelihood of a partial-to-full loss of hearing is very high at this time.


PRANKS EVERYONE SHOULD TRY
Chris stands in the aisle for home furnishings. The store is moderately busy, pedestrians slung over shopping carts as they wander rows of the miscellaneous; the electronics, the groceries, the kid’s bicycles, the outdoor plants, and the rest.
“Excuse me,” Chris approaches a store attendant that had been rearranging lamps.
The attendant looks up. He’s a teenager, probably still in high school.
“What can a do for ya?” he asks with a look of moderate annoyance, as if he’s too busy.
“Yeah, well uh, there’s a few things I need that I can’t seem to find.”
“Go ‘head.”
 “It’s my wife, she sends me on…” and Chris trails off, looking serious while the attendant waits patiently for him to pull a little pink notepad from his back pocket. “Okay, first thing I need is…” and he flips the notepad to the first page, “…flammable babies. D’you have any…I found normal babies but I think they belong to a customer—”
“That a toy?” the attendant asks, leaning over to check the writing on the notepad.
“I—I don’t know. Let’s see what’s next, um…” flips the notebook page, “…peanut butter with rocks. It’s crunchy because—because it’s rocks, you know. You’re supposed to think it’s just really crunchy peanut butter.”
The attendant looks at him and Chris can’t tell if he’s thinking about it or judging if Chris is full of shit.
“I ain’t never heard’a no crunchy peanut butter with rocks in it.”
“You know, my wife’s from Hollywood. Probably some Hollywood food or something. How ‘bout…” flips the page and stifles a laugh, “…she’s crazy. Do you have any wrestling moves? I haven’t seen any wrestling moves since I’ve been here.”
“Wrestling, uh, that’s in sporting goods.”
“Okay, so I can find the moves there?” Chris asks and the attendant nods, and Chris flips to the next page. “What about dinosaur blood?”
“—wood to build an ark?—”
“—children’s laughter?—”
“—waterproof fire?—”
“—my wildest fears?—”
Either from the oddity of the questions, the fact that he doesn’t know where any of it is if it is in fact there, or that there can be heard a faint snickering from nearby; whatever it is, the attendance gives up, telling him to ask someone else before returning to stocking the shelves. Chris rounds the corner into the next aisle, gently grabs Lizzy’s hand, and walks her farther away, into the baby aisle, where the attendant can’t hear them.
“That’s not fair, we could hear you laughing,” Chris scolds her, only half-serious.
“This is like the most fun game ever. Why’d you ever stop playing?” Lizzy says, still giggling excitedly.
“Only lived here ‘bout two years. I moved away and, so far, the only people ballsy enough to play this game were here in ‘Bama.”
Chris has the notebook in his hand. He rips out the pages already used and begins writing on blank ones.
“What’s ‘Bama’?”
“Alabama.”
“Why?”
“Why what? Why only two years?”
“Yeah.”
Chris doesn’t answer right away, focusing on the paper.
“What are you doing?” Lizzy asks nervously.
“I’m making you a list,” he says, flipping the page.
“What? I can’t do that,” she answers sharply.
“Yeah you can, it’s not fair if I’m the only one.” He continues writing and flipping the pages. “And…I lived in Alabama from fifteen to…eighteen. And then I enlisted in the military. Before that, I usually traveled North. Until I moved…” he looks up at her, closing the notebook, “…to Florida.
“Here you go,” he hands her the notebook, “just remember – pin it on someone else. Give them reasons to let you keep talking. Highest score is eight. Good luck.”
Lizzy looks momentarily terrified.
“Pickle…” Chris gets close to her, “…you got a fierce bravery inside you, kiddo. I know you do. I saw it when we were at that one place doing that one thing we can’t talk about.”
Lizzy nods, her face still distorted a little.
“You really don’t wanna do this?” Chris asks, now worried they shouldn’t be doing this, “…you totally don’t have to, Pickle.”
“Syke!” she says, her face smiling. “It’s just acting, I love acting.”
He chuckles at her declaration of love for acting – it’s something he always had in him; acting was just a way to make people believe you, which was helpful. From a young age, he had been “acting”, making people believe him when he needed.
When she turns away, Chris sees the faint dread return to her face.
He spends an extra moment staring at the baby things, curiously. There’s a wooden crib nearby and it catches his attention, keeping hold. His brow furrows, and he moves to follow Lizzy, briefly looking at the floor, his wheels rolling.
With a glance back, Chris turns a corner.


LIZZY’S ATTEMPT
Lizzy travels around until she finds a friendly, plump, middle-aged female attendant. Chris can’t see the woman but he’s just around the corner, listening.
“Can you help me?” she asks, getting the woman’s interest from off a nearby shelf.
“Oh yes dear. Are you lost?”
“No, I’m just having trouble finding some of the things on this list. My daddy…is making me shop for him…because…” she stops to think of a reason, “…he is an asshole. That’s why he’s making me shop for him.”
“Oh my Lord, what?” the attendant says, horrified.
“It’s okay,” Lizzy pulls out the notepad to begin reading.
“Do you have any genuine monster claws?” she asks, reading from the note.
“You can read?” the woman asks, more surprised that a ten year old can read than the question.
“—how about Chihuahua diapers?—”
“—butter cement?—”
“—a real magic wand?—”
“—giraffe tears?—”
“—Jello molds that look like my face?—”
The attendant didn’t respond through most of Lizzy’s odd request after odd request, her face clenching as she becomes more and more appalled until finally—
“Where’s your father?” the female attendant asks, aghast.
“He’s…drunk. And sleeping. In the car.”
“Oh Jesus—” Chris says, leaping around the corner.
The attendant screams at the extra horror of a stubbly-faced, long-haired man jumping from out of nowhere. People look over as the attendant’s yelp stops instantly. Chris takes Lizzy’s hand.
“I’m her uncle—thank god you found her,” and then down to Lizzy, “—you haven’t been playing mean games on this poor woman, have you?” The attendant looks from Chris to Lizzy – who’s got a devilish smile across her face – and doesn’t comprehend what’s happening.
“So sorry. Thanks for helping her,” and Chris leads Lizzy out of the store.
As they get outside into the blinding sun, there’s a pause while Chris has an intense internal debate.
Lizzy takes it as a bad sign.
“I’m so sorry – please don’t be mad, I’ve never done that before. I was just doing what you said…”
“Huh?” he looks down at her with a questioning glance. “Oh, pickle – you were amazing. Actually, you’er better than amazing considerin’ yer only ten. I’m just debating goin’ back in ‘cause we still need,” and he pulls out what appears to be a real list, “sleeping bags and…such.”
He bites his lip, thinking harder.
“Prolly shouldn’t head back in there, though.”
He looks down at Lizzy. The prospect of re-entering the store causes a brief look of panic on her face. Her panicked look combined with hearing himself say it aloud makes him certain they need to head out as soon as possible.
His next thought isn’t finished aloud.
“I wonder if…”


HUMAN CALCULATOR
Steve and I spend most of the morning and afternoon in the lab alone. It’s smaller than we’re accustomed but we had to settle for whatever lab was available on short notice.
Steve spent the early hours of the morning recuperating in bed. When I knocked and entered around 7:00 a.m., I found him lying between Travis’ legs with his head resting against his chest. Travis was leaned against the headboard and casually petting Steve’s hair, both awake and clothed but still causing that awkward stir in me that they did so often.
I didn’t have to say anything and, as I turned to leave, could hear their faint kiss.
They tried to spare Augustus and I from their affection but, on the days following serious threats, they didn’t care – and, truthfully, Augustus and I were fine with it, especially on the days when one of their lives had been threatened. Initially it had been surprising but now, after so many years, we really didn’t care.
Travis is spending the day traversing the Philadelphia sewer system and complaining, in equal parts. His radio grows fuzzy and disconnects the deeper he goes in but, as soon as he gets reception, he rejoins for further complaining. It’s distracting so Steve and I eventually hang up and unplug our Bluetooth devices, leaving both our phones out on a nearby table, volume on full in case someone needs to contact us.
Steve and I had gathered all his supplies in the morning hours. He had a list of things that were easy to get a hold of considering the things Steve usually requests – like the time I had to figure out how to get a 10 gallon canister of Lithinol from a secured facility and deliver it deep into a forest nearly 1,000 miles away. With a list full of different sized beakers, over-the-counter drugs, and a few hazardous, permit-required (thanks, Augustus) substances, we were finished in a few short hours. We always bring all new equipment so we can destroy the evidence when we leave, everything except for the Bunsen burners.
“Okay, last number?” Steve asks.
“49.77,” I answer, on the opposite side of the counter from him.
He has me diluting ammonium, which he refers to as azanium and has caused us twice to become confused – something neither of us likes when we’re working. Apparently, it’s the same thing but I’m not the chemistry Ph.D.—I’m the physicist that didn’t finish his masters, the lab side-kick, the human calculator.
“Let’s see…” Steve looks into a flask of red liquid sitting atop the Bunsen burner. He has a notebook next to him and writes something out, then slides the paper over to me. I look down at his scribble-writing and work out the individual details of his equation, re-writing each set of numbers—“What is that, antimony(III) chloride? SbCl3?”—and he nods, so I continue writing, re-working an error that he made—“Hey, you didn’t…”—only to realize that it’s an error I made based on his childish handwriting. Though we don’t like to be confused, we do thoroughly enjoy pointing out each other’s mistakes, as we seldom make any.
I pass the sheet back with a circle around the number he’s looking for. He reads the number, reads the small amount of re-written work I put above it, re-reads the number, then opens his mouth to ask a question about the math but stops – he knows my math is always (always) correct but, as I don’t write out anything more than an equation (if that) he’ll sometimes ask the mathematic formula I used to substitute individual aspects of his equation.
He puts the paper down and looks at me.
“Remember how much trouble you used to have with your left arm?” he asks.
I’m surprised by the random question and look up to meet his gaze.
“Yeah…what about it?”
Years ago, my left arm had been rendered useless after I suffered a gunshot to my back shoulder. I had left the country before having it examined by an American doctor and, instead, traveled as far as I could before finally seeing a “specialist”. The scapula had been shattered and the local muscle and nerve tissue was severely damaged but the back-alley surgeon (genuinely met him in a back alley) performed something short of a miracle and brought my left arm back from the dead, with about 40% functionality and limited range of motion. After training started, Sensei Ki-Jo broke several of my bones – including my left ulna and humorous in one kick – and he even dislocated my left shoulder (possibly the worse pain I’ve ever felt); then, he would take me on the long trip to the nearest hospital, one stocked with sterile equipment and real doctors, and they would heal the damaged bones. Over time, after each trip, my arm seemed to heal better than it had been before – by the time training ended, my arm was at about 75%.
I’m not sure Sensei Ki-Jo meant to break my bones in order to fix them.
“I was just thinking about it. It’s like it was never even an issue,” Steve says, finishing his thought. When he and Travis arrived to Sensei Ki-Jo’s house in the woods, I was already in the middle of trying to heal myself, obsessive and determined to get my arm back to 100% functionality. It had been arduous, as the pain increased to my breaking point, but they always assisted me with the physical therapy, coached, hurled insults to get me to work harder. It was soon after we first met and there was still a bit of awkwardness between us, but the therapy actually served to loosen our tongues a bit more and, though the atmosphere was anything but tense (at least in the beginning), it helped us to relax and bond.
“Why—what brought that up?” I ask, feeling there’s more to the conversation.
“You get this look in your eyes when you’re working really hard and you’re determined and focused. I catch it sometimes and it always reminds me of you and your arm. I thought you were very…standoffish, I guess is a nice way to put it. But when we used to help you—especially when we’d have you lift the book up over your head and keep it there, man, your eyes were…like, evil determined. Like, not even the world could end without waiting for you to accomplish what you wanted.”
“Stop hitting on me,” I tell him, but I have a tiny smirk.
“Not my type, bud. Anyway, I mean it as a compliment. You…no matter what people can or will ever say about you, you get shit down.”
I nod in genuine appreciation, melodramatically mouthing the word, “Thanks.”


THE BAD NEWS
Shortly after Steve finishes the compound and we begin cleaning up, Augustus contacts us.
For the first time, we hear the ringer he’s assigned his number on our phone:
Pick it up bitches. Pick it up, bitches. Pick it up, bitches.
It’s his voice saying it, that’s the ring tone.
We both put in out tiny Bluetooth devices.
“What’s up?” I answer.
Travis begins to complain about us hanging up earlier but Augustus steamrolls him:
“Bad news. Center City Police Department has tracked down the identity of the driver—more importantly, his occupation. He’s in the hospital, fucked up but fine. Lucky for him, he’s well covered since he is—drum roll, please—a Secret Service agent.”
We all groan with annoyance more than surprise.
“So…the people we’re watching are Secret Service,” he continues. “As in, protectors of POTUS and foreign dignitaries and important people. As in, once controlled by the Treasury but now controlled by the Department of Homeland Security – I had to look that last one up.”
There’s a short pause where all of us mutter the word “fuck” in unison.
“They have one of the most secure servers in the world, which means I can’t do a fucking thing,” Augustus says, adding a final two cents. “Seriously, we need to reconsider this thing. Secret Service are no fucking joke.”
“We continue,” I say, firm. “For now, at least. Everything’s going to continue the way we’ve planned until I see Charne Sunday. We’re finished here. Travis…” I wait for him to give an acknowledgement, “you, me, and Steve are on hotel detail after dinner. Augustus and I worked it out, there’s three specific areas for each of us to search. We’re going to look far and wide, gentlemen, see if we find anything unusual, anything that reminds us of the first building, and we’re going to stake out the streets to see if they do a drop-off and pick-up at 2:00 and 3:00.”
I think a moment, then,
“We’ll hold off on phase three until I get back. But I am not going home until I know what’s in those fucking rooms.”


THE UNHEARD WORLD OF PUBLISHING
The cab ride from the station is short as they pull up to a mountainous building.
David’s been here several times before and, though quite deaf, he’s sure the meeting will go the same as it does preceding every book signing circuit. He forces Shepard to walk in front of him and, for the first time, David is glad that he cannot hear; it saved him an excuse during the cab ride to ignore the often crude and tactless ramblings of his publishing agent.
They pass the front security desk and an official-looking guard nods an acknowledgment when Shepard lifts a plastic badge looped around his neck from under his gray vest. David wheels his traveling bag behind him, dressed in shorts and a tee-shirt to prevent himself the extra exhaustion of over-dressing in the hot August weather. Shepard, on the other hand, is in a shirt with extra long sleeves to reach the wrists of overlong arms, with slacks and a thin, tight vest – his skinny, spidery appearance (like the son of a human and a preying mantis) would look proper if his shirt wasn’t untucked beneath the vest and his tie wasn’t loose around his neck. In the elevator up to the thirty-ninth floor, he tucks in the shirt and tightens the tie.
When the doors open, the office is practically empty. There isn’t a receptionist at the front desk, across which are the garish, gold-painted, sprawling letters DAWLISH PUBLISHING. The sight of an empty office is the first to match the lack of sounds in David’s head since he woke alone in his Philadelphia hotel room. Shepard looks over – his eyes knowing, his mouth ready to jettison a dozen unnecessary words – but he catches the reproving look in David’s eyes and stops. Instead, he mouths, It’s Friday, then sweeps his arm out in a grand fashion, as if showcasing the empty office. He leads David to an open boardroom in the back and has him take a seat near the front, then pushes a dry erase board to the front of the room before leaving, presumably to get the two heads that had scheduled the meeting.
While David sits alone, he returns to the place where he’d spent much of the train-ride over: in his head. There were several thoughts that had been circulating like gnats, ones that he would unsuccessfully try to swat and squish but came poking back around, sometimes joined by another.
You’ll never play music again.
Kate doesn’t love you.
Lizzy isn’t safe, and you’re brother’s probably dead.
There’s one idea that had surfaced during his cab ride with Kate through the city of Philadelphia…
You can do more than write a book to help the school system here.
…and it was this idea more than any other that his mind kept returning to. He didn’t accept the other thoughts as true now anymore than he did when they’d first began annoyingly banging into his face and swimming in the air around him. There’s a sphere-like optimism around David that had been built in the time after Lizzy’s mother had died. It had been hopeless in those months, growing slightly happier just before spiraling into violence; but, in the aftermath, there remained a sense that it could be better – it could stay better – if he just willed it. And the world of a deaf person wasn’t completely unfamiliar as his mother had been deaf: it was only the view from this new, opposing shore that was foreign. He knows sign language, though he’s a bit rusty, and reading lips just takes practice. Plus, the doctor had mentioned ways of preventing any further damage.
Beethoven was deaf.
He would see Kate one last time in London.
Lizzy was fine, as was his brother.
And he would hear again.
There’s a disruption in the air and two older, balding men enter, both in pinstripes with rugged, aged lines covering their faces. David rises to shake their hands and returns to his seat as they watch him with pitying eyes. An unfamiliar third man enters soon after, followed by Shepard – this new man looks like a young intern, one college-aged. Their heads are turned to the intern and it’s hard for David to read their lips, but whatever’s being said isn’t yet meant for David.
The intern begins signing:
I’m here to tell you what they’re saying.
David nods and signs back:
Okay. What are they saying?
Nothing important, the intern returns.
Shepard shoves the intern to the side a bit so he can stand in front of the dry erase board with a large black marker. He attempts to write something several times only to find the marker doesn’t work – David can visibly see the curses coming out of his mouth – and he shuffles around the room, looking for a marker that does work.
The intern continues signing, though no one has yet spoken:
I’m a fan of your work. It is nice to meet you. My sister is also deaf. She is young. She also likes your work. Would it be alright if I ask you to autograph a copy—
Shepard gives a playful (yet rude) slap at the intern’s hands, stopping a sentence he deems needless as neither the publishing heads nor he had said anything. David shoots him an angry glare before,
Yes. I would love to. Do you have a copy here?
The intern nods.
Shepard’s already written in big letters on the board:
BONUS
He underlines the word twice.
The intern reiterates the words coming from one of the heads,
You’re contract is up with the next book in the series. They wish to extend your contract for another three books over a three year period. They offer a signing bonus upon completion of the next book.
The rest of the conversation, details, dates, and money are discussed – nothing is negotiated, as Shepard had done that long ago and David had agreed to the terms weeks before the meeting. They expect the new book by the end of the year, a deadline David is sure to meet as he’s already nearly finished. The only surprise is when the intern informs him,
London has extended your appearances to six total.
“What?” David asks aloud, startling the head sitting closest to him.
The head talks to him in slow words that David is still unable to read.
They want you for extra signings. Your book is expected to do better in the United Kingdom than here. It is possible the book will break the top ten bestsellers overseas. They are offering an extra bonus for the…
And on and on.
The money doesn’t matter and David is unimpressed. Once the meeting is over, David signs the intern’s copy of his latest book:


To Stacy,
Sound is important only to those who lack imagination and cannot see the wondrous world for what it is…one that speaks to all of us clearly, no matter the obstacles.
David Henry Ridley


TRAYCEE IN ‘BAMA
On the video, a man sits on a stool. Behind him is the back of a house. There’s tall weeds in the grass around him, and a trash bin nearby. The man has a cheap guitar and he’s setting up to sing, the microphone cradled in a stand near his cheek.
“This man’s the reason I came to ‘Bama and went to public high school for awhiles,” Chris tells Lizzy. “Almost finished, too.”
The tape’s a VHS and the footage is grainy.
The man is dressed in the remnants of a tuxedo in heat – the jacket is off, the bowtie undone, and his shirt’s loose over his black dress pants and cummerbund. He finds himself comfortable enough to start and so he begins singing a cheesy love song, strumming the guitar. Lizzy snickers at the silly lyrics, the man’s guitar ability (he sloppily strums, playing only the E and G chords), and the poor quality of the VHS player.
She didn’t even know what it was when she saw the VCR.
Behind the man, the back porch door swings open and stays open. An old woman and an old man come walking out, the old man stepping backwards as he carries the legs of a dead animal.
“What the hell is going on in the background?” Chris asks no one in particular.
The man emerges from the back door only a moment, during which period you can see he’s been sprayed with something red. The old man and old woman haul whatever they’re carrying a bit onto the grass; it’s never fully seen as they step outside and further back, away from the music, with the screen door remaining open and mostly in the way.
“Sort of looks like a dead person,” Lizzy says.
“It,” Chris looks close, “could be…?”
The man with the guitar continues playing, singing his love song. We see no one particularly listening until the old woman pokes her head around the door to watch him sing, a particularly glaring smear of blood on the underside of her neck. With a gentle old-womanly smile, she heads back inside.
“He’s in for another two years but they say he’s gettin’ out with good behavior so you better believe he’s gonna try’n screw that up.”
Traycee says this as if the man she’s speaking of is at the store.
“He goes to prison for the healthcare,” Chris whispers to Lizzy, an extra detail to confuse her further.
“Yeah,” Traycee agrees, overhearing Chris’ whisper from across the room. “He had ta have two teeth pulled – they was killin’ him ‘fore he went in. Plus he got all that asthma medicine and blood pressure medicine…” she trails off, watching the tape from behind the dirt-brown couch. “This is ‘bout a year after you left and when he start’t playin’ music, playin’ guitar – tryin’ to be like you.” Traycee chortles, turning back to chuck yet another toy into a bin overflowing with toys.
“You played music—the guitar?” Lizzy whispers up to Chris.
Chris sort of shakes his head, pantomiming that Traycee’s not quite accurate.
Traycee doesn’t notice the quick back-and-forth, walking around the dirt-colored couch to stand beside Chris. Lizzy hadn’t really seen Traycee up close, choosing instead to look elsewhere timidly, but while Traycee’s eyes are on the television, Lizzy notices that she’s quite pretty. Her hair is a ball of black curls sprouting in all directions, and the sun’s darkened her complexion, and she could definitely use braces…but her curvy body has an elegant flair, her smile is bright and wide, and she speaks with security, with confidence – a quality she most liked about Sadie.
Traycee talks the entire time Lizzy judges her:
“—that’s Joeleen’s ma and pa taken out the carcass. He was hacking it up…” she says in her thick southern accent – and, as if on cue, the old man lifts up what looks like a hatchet and begins going to town behind the still-ajar screen door, “…oh gee, maybe forty-five minutes he was hackin’ it. This’s ‘round the time he got sick, too. He’s back there hackin’ the whole rest’a the video.”
“Thanks, Traycee,” Chris says, turning off the tape.
“You can keep it if’n you want,” she adds.
“That’s okay, Trace. I wouldn’t know where to find a VCR anyway.” Chris turns to Lizzy and she has a momentary feeling of awkwardness with both Chris and the stranger (introduced as Chris’ cousin) named Traycee staring down at her. “Anyway, that was my uncle. You’re lucky because you got a badass uncle and an awesome dad.”
“Where’s your dad?” Lizzy asks.
“My daddy was electrocuted,” Chris tells Lizzy.
“Like in prison?” Lizzy eyes grow wide with curiosity.
“No, nothing that interesting. He was an electrician, guess he made a mistake, zzzt…the end. I was maybe five. Don’t remember him other than in tha’ pictures.”
“How’s yer lemonade?” Traycee asks.
Lizzy has a glass of orange-tinted lemonade in one hand, something forced upon her by Traycee moments before the video had started. Originally, Lizzy had requested water but Traycee brought lemonade instead, pushing it into her hand and telling her it was the state drink. [Chris shook his head at the incorrect information.] Whatever the reason, Traycee was persistent enough in urging Lizzy to try the “specially mixed lemonade” that she had no choice. After a preliminary taste (with Traycee watching closely), Lizzy surreptitiously faked a smile while trying to guess the secret ingredient: after a few guesses, she had to stop; the possibilities for making the “specially mixed” lemonade taste that horrible were just too gross to think about.
Lizzy opens her mouth to lie when there’s a loud commotion.
Traycee’s three boys – each one a blur – storm in through the front, screaming like animals, rampaging, the older two jumping on the dirt-brown couch. Traycee smacks the youngest one in the back of the head since he’s closest. [Lizzy sneaks the glass of lemonade behind a picture on a nearby bureau while attention is elsewhere.] Traycee yells for them to get outside and threatens “to get the broom.” The threat works and the kids rush out the back door, their screams lowering in volume but never fading entirely. All three boys are in various stages of maturity, which had been funny at first and annoying shortly thereafter: the four year old would carefully select random objects and hand them to Lizzy as presents; the seven year old pulled Lizzy’s hair, kicked the youngest for giving away their toys, and talked about how Lizzy “smelled like a gross-ugly-girlie-yuck!”; and the eleven year old ignored her entirely, only drawing attention to himself while running rampant with his brothers.
“They do that sometimes,” Traycee exhales, exasperated but chuckling in an effort to shrug it off, adding, “God’amn heathens.”
Lizzy can hear a quick apology to Jesus under Traycee’s breath.
Chris’ cell phone rings – he checks the number and sends it to voicemail.
With an exhale, Traycee offers to let them stay the night.
“You can stay here if’n you want. Almost night now anyway. I’ll make some of my special butterbeans—” Lizzy release a low groan at the sound of something else being “special” but Traycee misinterprets, “—see, missy here is hungry. Where’d yer lemonade go, sweetie—”
Once again, Lizzy is cut off before she has the opportunity to lie, this time when Chris wraps his arms around Traycee and dips her back, kissing the nape of her neck before returning her to a standing position. Before he removes himself fully, Chris plants a kiss on her newly flushed cheek.
“Oh my,” Traycee giggles, steadying herself once Chris releases her. “Headin’ off to Mississippi after this?”
“Yeah, just for a day.”
Chris glances at Lizzy, who’s become subdued with the realization that they would, in fact, be staying the night.
“Tell yer mama I said hi,” Traycee says, heading toward the kitchen.
“You crazy, Trace?”—she looks at him, quizzically—“I ain’t goin’ anywhere near her.”


SPECIAL OVERNIGHT
As the living room lights go out and Chris calls out an extra “goodnight” before following Traycee upstairs, Lizzy closes her eyes to relive the evening again. She doesn’t get very far before she’s diverted by a smell from the dirt-brown couch (or it could be from the handmade pillow, or it could be from the thin, scratchy half-blanket she’s tucked under); whatever it is and wherever it’s from, the scent reminds her of an old, musty basement full of discarded furniture.
Only momentarily distracted, she returns to that evening.
Dinner had been interesting: butterbeans, fried chicken, leftover BBQ ribs from the night before, buttermilk biscuits, store-bought potato salad, and a fresh apple pie that Traycee made as an after-thought. Incorporating both Chris and Lizzy as sous chefs and beginning from scratch with everything except the ribs and potato salad, Traycee (who did a vast majority of the work) finished everything in less than an hour. It had taken all of Lizzy’s self control to finally sit down and try a bite. She quickly found that each subsequent bite was much, much easier. In the end, the food had been so delicious that she genuinely considered re-tasting the lemonade still hidden behind the picture on the bureau; however, there wasn’t much chance as she ate too much and spent the twenty minutes following dinner sitting on the toilet, staring into the plastic trashcan between her feet while breathing deeply and trying not to vomit.
Even more peculiar than the incredible food was the behavior of the three boys. At the sound of dinner, all three had rushed inside and straight to the first floor bathroom, where they graciously took turns washing up. During the meal, they hardly spoke and, when they did, showed better manners than Chris, who had his elbows repeatedly swept off the table by Traycee. Once dinner was over, the children returned to their loud, insufferable screaming and rampaging, this time sectioned off to the upstairs while Lizzy, Traycee, and Chris cleaned.
The food had made Lizzy sleepy and she had forgone a bath for an early bedtime. As she drifts away on the comfy cushions of the dirt-brown couch, her memories of the evening wander and begin to meld with the associations she made to the pronounced scent around her: in a dusty old basement living room, discarded furniture belongs on the ceiling and Chris should marry his cousin ‘cause they seem good together; the particulars float ethereally, time and places coast between one another and out in all directions. When Lizzy wakes in the middle of the night, the only snippet of her dream still lingering is a household where Chris and her dad were married and everyone lived on the roof…and even those fine points sift like sand and vanish as Lizzy rubs sleep from her eyes to find the face of a (naked) four year old boy inches from her own.


NAKED COUSINS
“Do you wanna talk about why you left?” Traycee asks, her head bent over in stern concentration as she uses a pair of sewing shears to dice marijuana on her dresser top.
They’re in her pink-tinted bedroom; it’s past midnight.
Lifting her head to blow her curly black bangs out of her eyes, she stops long enough to look over her shoulder at Chris. He’s lying on top of the blankets on her bed wearing nothing but his boxers, both arms folded over his belly and his hands interlocked.
“Not really, dude.”
His answer is sullen.
Traycee returns to dicing the weed.
“Nothing, huh?” her voice is hurt and she stops again, staring down.
Chris moves his legs over the side of the bed. He slouches forward in order to give himself the momentum to stand. Traycee hears him approach and returns to SNICK-SNICK-SNICK slicing the bits of weed, which is now so thoroughly diced that she’s turning it into powder. Chris rest his hands on her shoulders a moment, feeling her bare skin. Her breasts are reflected in the mirror. In a slow, clear motion, Chris bows forward and kisses the side of her neck.
She smells the same as she did when they were young.
Goosebumps spread over her body. Her head turns toward his. She doesn’t kiss him but cradles her head between his neck and shoulder in a backward embrace.
“You smell the same,” she says, sniffing.
“Traycee…” and Chris bends his knees, wrapping his warm arms around her bare chest, her head tilting back onto his shoulder, “…I love you, sugar. And your pop…he’s—I mean, he took me in when no one else did. No one would’ve done for me what he did, one in a million. And I’d repay him—just, if he wasn’t in prison…”
Chris doesn’t have the words for sorrow – it’s not a way he functions.
Traycee drops the shears and she’s up out of the chair before Chris’ body has time to lift and react. She turns on him and, without a hint of good-humor, she pushes at him twice. Startled, he’s caught off guard, causing his instincts to block the first and second effort. This serves to infuriate her and she shoves, shoves again, and then pushes as hard as she can with both hands. His defenses purposely down, she knocks him onto the bed.
“I haven’t seen you in years, Christian! Years! And you come back here with someone’s child and everything’s fucking alright—IT’S NOT FUCKING ALRIGHT! You—I’ve never been as hurt,” and the last word causes her to choke back a sob, quietly finishing her sentence, “as I was with you.
“You woke up next to me one morning and we had breakfast and the future—the whole future…and you left for school like any other day and…and you didn’t come back for six years. Six…” the number depresses her more, “six whole fucking years. I’ve seen more’a you on those porno videos on the internet than I’ve had you in my life. What the fuck, Christian? Do you…d’you have any idea what that’s like?”


CHRISTIAN EDWARD LEE GIBBERTS – AGE 8
“The best love stories are short and sweet. Romeo and Juliet wouldn’t have bin as rad if she woke up an’ was, like, a minute earlier and been, like, ‘Yo, don’t drink that, dude.’”
Christian Edward Lee Gibberts has a crew cut and a blue-and-white dress shirt tucked into slacks and buttoned to the neck. He jabs his thick-rimmed glasses further up his nose, pacing in front of the swings with a puckish grin on his face. His friends Seth and Reegan are both leaning forward on the chains of the swings, staring at a half-visible worm struggling in the moist ground they had kicked up. Neither listens to Christian but he continues undeterred.
“Like the Tempest – I mean really? Who cares, right?” he laughs, looking at his 
friends.
One begins to spin. The other’s falling asleep.
“‘Your tale, sir, may cure deafness’ my rear! Right?” he says under his breath in one final, declarative statement, as if it were an affirmation of everything he had said up to that point.
A few of the remaining congregation leaves the church, including Christian’s mother. She’s huffy and pink-faced, obviously annoyed at something. Her thin, light blonde hair is disheveled and one clump is turned upward. She hobbles from a bad knee and, as she’s short and a bit wide, her waddle has become more pronounced.
“Your mom’s ugly,” Seth says, watching Christian’s mother huff and puff out of breath on her travels down the church stairs and across the street. “And she’s fat.” Reegan laughs, no longer trying to dose off – even at eleven, he has a dead tooth in the front of his mouth. Seth’s only ten. He has wavy blonde hair that had only recently been cut to the scalp for the summer (same as Reegan’s, same as Christian’s), and the act of losing his most attractive feature had made him grumpier than normal. Neither Reegan nor Seth had ever liked Christian. They would call him names and exclude him, push him to the ground, haze him, but he always took it in good faith – Christian assumed that’s just how friends treat each other. This is the first day in a while they didn’t torment him relentlessly – it’s just too hot.
“Does yer mom know you talk like a faggot?” Reegan asks, his black tooth making another brief appearance.
“Mommy, they said I was talkin’ like a ‘fag’,” Christian whines to his mother as she climbs each of the three wood blocks embedded into the ground serving as the stairs to the playground’s front entrance.
“Don’t be a tattle,” she wheezes, trying to catch her breath as she takes hold of Christian’s arm and begins yanking him in the direction of their house two blocks over.
“And they’s prolly right, you talk like a queer, God rest yer soul,” she adds.
The boys laugh behind him. Seth blows out his cheeks and starts waddling around like he’s fat. Reegan lets the dead tooth pop up once more in a wide smile.
Christian calls back, “See you guys Wednesday,”


FACTS ABOUT GRAMMAR
“Did you know that the asterisk exists so that printers could distinguish the date someone was born back in feudal times?” Travis says, speaking purely out of boredom.
“No one gives a shit,” I respond.
“Seconded,” says Augustus.
“What did they use to signify death?” Steve asks.
“I…don’t know. Augustus, look it up,” Travis answers after thinking a moment.
“Nope. And t-minus five minutes to two,” Augustus alerts us.
We’re all of us scattered:
Travis is near Logan Circle, Steve’s on Market Street just passed Washington Square West, Augustus is roasting in his room, and I’m on South Street in the Southwest. There were other areas of interest but we just couldn’t survey all of them in a day; plus, all of them didn’t matter – only the proof that there was another setup like the one in North Philly.
The locations to scout were determined by an overlooked detail:
Mans el-Ray Pasquale had visited several hotels and it was assumed that he was following campaigners from his job as an aide; with a second, fresh look, we determined that the locations and dates were too broad to be solely to follow his former coworkers, that he must be doing the same thing at each hotel as he was in North Philly – watching, looking for these places.
Travis and I had both identified a suspicious apartment, both with a magnetic lock on the front and reinforced doors, though otherwise indistinguishable from the surrounding. Steve hadn’t found one but he walks the neighborhood with an eye out for suits or sedans, hoping for some luck.
Augustus lets out a self-satisfied chuckle.
“What’d you find?” I ask.
He begins to say something but cuts himself off with an, “Ewww.”
This sparks all of our interest and we ask again what he’s found.
“I found out some information on this Sinto guy, finally. Like the fact that his first name is Hue…”
“Hue Sinto? What kind of name is that?” Travis asks.
“Parents were…mother was Polynesian, father was German and Japanese – fought with the Japanese on Iwo Jima, died there. And,” he breaths out a disgusted breath, “this guy apparently loves to crush.”
We’re all silent.
“What the fuck does that mean?” Steve finally asks.
“Crush—crush videos. Where people crush small animals, like small cats and shit. I—this guy, he’s a piece of work. I’ll show you what else I found when you get back. T-minus three and counting.”
The next three minutes are silent.
The three minutes after that are silent.
“Maybe these other places got different schedules—” I start.
“Got ‘em. Hold,” Steve says, low.
There’s another three minutes of silence.
“Same situation here,” Steve comes back. “Two go in at 2:00 a.m. The place is a block down from where I was.”
“What about the other places?” Travis asks.
“I’m betting different schedules,” I answer. “If there’s more than one than I’m betting there’s more than two. But…” I think a moment, “…I doubt there’s one at every location…”
I close my eyes and picture Philadelphia as a map.
“Where…would…”
There was one in North Philadelphia. One on Market between the Convention Center and Old City, south of Chinatown. And the rest of the hotels were in Center City except the one in North Philadelphia, and even that was just past the line. There were still hotels he stayed at in Queen’s Village, Northern Liberties, Rittenhouse Square, Art Museum, Spring Garden, and Society Hill. Each area on the Center City map in my head has a round red circle around it, signifying the approximate space of the area; however, it finally seems clear.
Shit, I think to myself.
It’s all clear.
This is bigger than I thought.


A CONVERSATION BARTLEBY AND I ONCE HAD
The first time I had heard from Bartleby was less than a week before he showed up at my buffet to poison my water.
He had contacted Charne and tried to tell her what was so important. Not even halfway through, she grew angry and outright refused to listen to anymore, having only taken the call as a courtesy to the memory of his father.
She then contacted me, and I told her he could talk to me.
We didn’t greet each other when our line was connected.
“There’s gonna be a terrorist attack in Philadelphia. They’re going after Center City. Someone I used to know, he came to me and he told me that there was a Senator named Richard Atwater. Said this guy…” and he breathed long and deep, “…this Republican Senator has heavily invested in a company called Nethuns Mining recently. It’s a deep sea mining company. Apparently, there’s been the discovery of a massive ore deposit deep down under the ground just outside the Gulf of Oman. But there’s an embargo on that specific area of coast.
“My source believes that there’s an active plan to set off multiple explosives in Center City. He believes they will pin it on a terrorist sect in Iran so that they can invade Iran and drill in their ocean.”
“The United States can get around an embargo for a massive—”
“One, Iran will automatically get a large piece of it as it’s on their land – unless we invade, in which case it’s American territory while it’s occupied. A hundred percent. And they estimate nearly a trillion in wealth by today’s market, all just under the surface in precious metals. Gold, platinum…whoever gets it first will be the wealthiest person in the world tenfold.”
“And you want the Seven Devil Nation to help?”
“No. I want you to help. I believe…I believe the Seven Devils may be involved in some capacity.”
“And why do you believe that?”
“Because Charne said something. When I was telling her, I said Senator. She called him a Republican. I didn’t say his party. It could have been any Senator. But she knew—I know she knew.”
“Is this line secure?”
“Yes.”
“Are you certain?”
“Yes.”
. . .
“Who is your source?”
“I’m only going to tell you in person—”
“It’s mighty dangerous letting you around me. For both of us.”
“I’m not going to say his name. Only in person.”
“…okay. You come and you tell me this man’s name. And I won’t kill you.”
He came, told me, and poisoned me. He could have poisoned me because he thought the tail I had was the Seven Devil Nation and he didn’t want them to see us conversing buddy-buddy; more likely, he poisoned me to weaken my defenses and hoped to kill me and take my place among the Seven Devil Nation; and there’s a slight part that thinks he may have just wanted me to kill him. I reacted instinctually – like he knew I would – coincidentally using a dose of the same poison he had used on me, one that I kept on a tack-like point hidden inside a ring.
And as I left him convulsing on the beach, I sent a text:
SCATTERSHOT 14
And then I called an ambulance to save Bartleby’s life once more.
Had I let him die, he would have been the first to die by my hand since the violent end of Sensei Ki-Jo.
Honestly, I just don’t think I can kill Roger Dupont.
If I haven’t thus far…


SILENT ALARM
David had finished the meeting and gone back to his hotel to pop the last two motion sickness pills in the package, knocking him deep into a heavy slumber, one that’s broken the next morning by a heavy pounding on the door. Though obvious in retrospect, setting the alarm clock had been more routine than anything: It didn’t wake him at 9:00 a.m. – when he had wanted to wake in order to get ready for the noon book signing near Times Square – because he didn’t hear it and, after a few buzzes, it shut itself off.
The knocking, however, is heavy and reverberates through the room.
After shifting, finding himself in the same clothes as yesterday, on top of the sheets and not at home, he groggily checks the clock next to the bed to learn that it’s half past eleven. Panic sets in. There’s another THUD THUD THUD on the door – one that quells the panic momentarily, as David can faintly hear the sound of fist on wood.
Rushing, he opens the door knowing full well it’s an agitated Shepard.
“Where the fuck have you—” Shepard starts, then stops when he realizes David can’t hear him; David doesn’t let him know otherwise, that he can hear the faded yet distinct words coming from Shepard’s mouth.
Shepard points a bone-like finger to his watch, his face shrunken into a scowl.
David runs back into the room, strips to his underwear, douses himself in deodorant and cologne (the smell of which makes him yearn for home and Lizzy, as she’s the one that picked it out for him) before dressing in a casual outfit and leaving with Shepard by his side.
There’s a cab waiting for them outside the hotel and it takes them a block shy of the bookstore. There’s traffic blocking the way and Shepard hastily pulls David out, choosing to dash between the crowd of people for the remaining block. There’s no line outside because there’s another, larger chain bookstore almost cattycorner which saps a lot of the business.
Shepard disappears to the head of the store while David looks for the back – this is his third time doing a signing in this store and it’s his favorite of all the New York book signing locations. The next one, scheduled for later that day, will be in the larger chain bookstore cattycorner from the one he’s in now, and they always treat him almost like an undesirable since he takes a section away from the store, even though a small crowd tends to form and he brings them revenue. This one, which is only a bit smaller, often delegates an employee to stand by his side, along with Shepard, to bring him anything he requests.
There’s an enlarged poster of his face on a stand – the picture’s over three years old, an extra snapshot taken during the shoot for the back cover of his second book. In an odd moment of displaced anger, David hates the photo. A young store assistant catches sight of David and walks from behind the table they had setup for the signing – with him a cup and a vague, ethereal-sounding greeting, “Hot chocolate and coffee, like last time…though it’s not as cold out, but I remembered that you—”
“Where did you find this stupid picture of me?” David snaps, his voice louder not from the loss of hearing but strictly in anger.
The young assistant – a man whose name David’s long forgotten – stops horrified at the barbed remark. He turns, his eyes rolling over the same picture they had been using the past three years, then reluctantly returns to David, saying something low.
“I can’t hear,” David says loud, rudely gesturing to his ears. There’s a person nearby flipping a copy of Captain Rivet & The Fantastic Ambruister over in her hands but the strident, pronounced words coming from David cause her to look over, concerned. A feeling of loss washes over David as realizes just how inappropriate he’s being. The anger, which arrived with such force, fled in much the same way, leaving him with a hollow mound in the pit of his stomach.
He forces a fake laugh, patting the shoulder of the store employee.
“I’m uh…just messing with you,” David lies. “But I really can’t hear well, just a little out of the right ear. Burst ear drums.”
The store assistant cautiously smiles, handing over the styrofoam cup.
“Thanks,” David says with sincerity, taking the coffee.
“You’re welcome, Mr. Ridley,” the assistant responds, his guard dropping.
Before taking a seat and readying his pen, David asks himself:
What was that about?


NOT-HOME BUT HOME NONETHELESS
“Why aren’t we gonna see yer mom?” Lizzy asks as they drive.
“She wasn’t uh,” Chris takes his eyes off the road to look over at Lizzy, “nice. She wasn’t ‘specially nice.” His eyes return to the main road, where the land is flat and, every quarter-mile a red-clay dirt road branches off into what appears to be an unending thicket of forest on either side.
They pass a small river.
More forest.
Another small river.
“Why wasn’t she nice?” Lizzy finally asks.
“’Cause she was mean instead.”
And that seems to end it.
“So wait…then where are we going in Mississippi?”
Chris had a plan – seven stops between six states – but he had never fully elaborated it to Lizzy. He had asked her to join him and she agreed so vehemently that to further explain each of the stops after Mississippi hadn’t seemed necessary.
Also, the best aspect of this “vacation” could be the mystery of each destination.
He thought that was cool.
“Well, this is the second stop and, technically, it’s Mississippi but – and I totally should’ve prolly told you this before now, I know – but we’re on more of a…” and Chris turns on his turn signal, “…more of a sight-seein’ trip. Yeah. Not so much visitin’ people.” And Chris turns the car onto one of the dirt back roads, following along an embankment until he reaches a sign that says Road Closed.
He parks the car.
“Guess they closed the road, we’re gonna—”
“Where are we?” Lizzy asks, startled at the realization that she might have to walk through desolate back country somewhere around the border of Mississippi and Alabama.
“This is our second stop. Though it’s kinda a ways up. We’ll spray ‘erselves with bug spray.”
Before Lizzy can ask anything further, Chris is out of the car and around back, to the trunk. Lizzy’s eyes go wide as she begrudgingly exits the car. There’s a mist of lingering bug spray and the scent of pine as she rounds the trunk. Chris finishes and signals for Lizzy to close her eyes and mouth before releasing a torrent of spray on her.
“’Squitos are awful this time’a year,” he says.
Finally presented with the opportunity to protest, Lizzy opens her eyes to find the bag with the tent being pulled out of the trunk. Chris slings it onto his back. Then, with a slight hint of reverie, he gently wraps his fingers around the shiny silver handle sticking from out a long, leather sheath: lifting it into the air, he carefully removes the sheath to reveal a glistening machete. He sticks the blade back in the leather sheath and tucks it through his belt, secure against his body.
“Wha—are we camping? Uncle Sandwich said he’d pay for hotels and stuff—no no-no-no-no way, you didn’t say there would be camping,” she begins fast and picks up speed, “it’s way too dirty out here, and creepy, and there’s like a trillion bugs. Disgusting. And snakes. Disgusting snakes and bugs.”
“We have to,” Chris says definitively, stuffing a pair of binoculars, an old, rusty lantern, and a rolled-up newspaper into a duffle bag that already contains two sleeping bags and several pillows. Lizzy stares, flabbergasted at the prospect of “having to” camp. Before she can form the words to protest, Chris tosses the clothes knapsack at her.
“Please carry that.”
Then, after swinging the duffle bag onto his back and tucking two tiny, folded-up beach chairs under his right arm, Chris yanks the cooler out, spins it around, and grabs the handle with his left hand.
“An’ this will be fun, I promise.”
His lips curl in a tight smile, his eyes give a tiny wink, and then he’s off leading the way down a thin, red-dirt path heading further into the forest.
Lizzy stays behind the car, thinking. As Chris shows no signs of slowing on the long, seemingly unending path, she hurries off and joins behind the cooler, the knapsack full of clothes hugged against her chest with both arms.
The neighborhood is rather desolate. The closed “road” they’re on has long been overgrown with weeds; even the narrow path, one that seems to have been well-trodden at some point, now appears neglected, discarded. Down a short embankment on the right, through more forest, there’s an occasional house or remnants of a rusted, forgotten car. The left is nothing but flat land covered in a dense pine forest and impassable thickets of pricker brushes, poison ivy, and man-sized shrubs. They travel about half an hour through terrain that seems to repeat, twenty-five of those minutes with Lizzy complaining:
“These bugs are NOT going away.”
“It’s hot. I’m,” whine, “sweating.”
“Is this whole trip gonna be like this?”
“Why are we here?”
“Bugs suck—ahh!”
“Can we rest?”
“Why is it so hot?”
“Why are we here?”
“Did you bring the bug spray?”
And on and on.
Chris is so infatuated with something in the distance that he ignores Lizzy completely, and she raises her voice to be sure he hears her. “Why are we here?” becomes her most frequently asked question and it’s the one to break through Chris’ concentration on the forest to the north-east.
“I’m, uh…I was lookin’ for somethin’,” is his dazed answer, then the elaboration, “but, uh, I found it…A friend of mine used to live near here a long—very, very long time ago. Up ahead is where we used to camp. One of my old favorite places.”
Chris stops and stands aside to reveal a sturdy post a little taller than Lizzy. Vertical along the aged, square plank of wood are hunks of dirty fluff and weather-faded fabric, pinned by jagged, rusted nails. The post stands with more than a dozen nails on each side and, past it, the path forks in two directions: to the right continues a landscape mirroring everything they had already passed.
“So, we’re gonna camp not far from here, up through there,” and Chris points to the other path, one leading deep into the forest on the left, where there’s a wall of brush. But his head never turns, nor do his eyes. He’s tilted down, smiling. On the side of the post, a purple stuffed-animal had been nailed to the old wood plank facing the forest and recent enough that the color had yet to fade.
“It’s not home but…a sorta home nonetheless.”
Chris pulls out his machete.


AN ODD REQUEST
The owner of the store makes a brief appearance shortly before the signing has commenced. He says something, leaning close to David’s left ear. Shepard stops him, about to tell him that David’s deaf, when David motions for the owner to speak into his right ear. Shepard smiles as if it’s a joke but, when the owner thanks David for choosing his store for the signing (something David didn’t choose) and David responds in a calm, rehearsed tone, “No problem. I like this place best of all the New York signings,” Shepard’s face drops as if the whole thing had been a sham.
As David lowers his head into the first copy of a book that’s been brought to him, scribbling his name on the inside page, he answers Shepard’s questioning gaze:
“My right is coming back a bit. Started this morning.”
If Shepard responds, David doesn’t hear it; even if he did, the pace by which people arrive to have a copy of Captain Rivet & The Fantastic Ambruister signed by the author grows steadily over the first hour until a line extends almost to the front door. He keeps his head down most of the time unless the person makes a request or asks a question, at which point he’ll look up with a smile and acknowledge them. For the people that don’t say anything, he keeps his head down as they hand over the book, only glancing up with a smile after he’s signed it. In the brief twenty-four seconds people have with David, they tend to make modest requests:
“Sign it to Adelaide, that’s my daughter.”
“Can you make it out to James? That’s—I’m James.”
“My sister is sick, could you add something about her getting well?”
And on, none of which is odd or unexpected, and David obliges everyone.
Some people ask a question, the most frequent of which is:
“What’s this book about?”
David’s answer is quick and routine:
“It’s about five hundred and sixty-eight pages.”
He’s surprised that, more often than not, people just accept this answer; he’s long since stopped answering people that were unfamiliar with the particular work he was signing, as the inside jacket could answer that question better than he could offhand.
And then, just at the tail-end of his commitment to the bookstore, there is an odd request…a person hands over a copy of the book. David accepts the copy and opens the cover to find a crisp hundred dollar bill. He looks up, confused. Staring back at him is an Asian man with a scar from his right ear, along his cheek bone, to just under his right eye; he also has a blonde eyebrow, mismatched by the dark black of his other eyebrow and mop of hair on top of his head. His face is clean shaven and it makes him look young, maybe in his early twenties.
“I have a request,” he says in perfect English, his voice exquisitely tender, “It’s kind of specific. For friend.”
David hears out the request and, against Shepard’s protest, obliges.


SKYLINDS
The humidity is enough that Lizzy can taste it on her parched tongue, a point she makes clear several times during the hour or so Chris spends hacking into the thicket of vines and unrelenting brush. They make it through, finally, to a half-acre clearing. The space is absent trees but abundant on all sides (except the roundish portal Chris hacked with his machete) in twisting vines, thorny bushes, and long, flat patches of some odd, carpet-like green plant. The red dirt is visible only in the lifted patches of anthills.
“Careful…of the fire ants,” Chris warns, leaning against a tree while he catches his breath. He didn’t take a break once, his excitement to find the old camping spot beating back the exhaustion. “Them ants…they’er awful this time of year.”
Now with enough room to maneuver from behind Chris, Lizzy lets out a short, angry grunt with each stomp away from the large anthills. She drops the knapsack of clothes so it lands with a thud and takes a seat – with what sounds like great effort – to glare viciously at the ground, her head low. Time passes and she remains silent except for an occasional frustrated grumble.
Chris disappears for a short period, returning with the cooler, the duffle bag, and the beach chairs.
“Bugs’er startin’ to hide. It’s prolly gonna rain in a bit, should feel damn good,” Chris tells her, clearing out an area for a fire pit. This causes another stress to Lizzy and she huffs again, letting her shoulders fall as if the Earth were going to dissolve in rain and she had to watch and suffer. “Gonna go gather up some wood. If’n it rains, we’er gonna need it dry for later. Stay put unless yer gonna come an’ help…”
Lizzy doesn’t make a sound and avoids looking up at her uncle. He shrugs, pleasant as always, and heads back through the newly cleared portal with the machete in hand. Minutes pass in silence and she lets out a bored groan, now miserable that she’s alone and no longer occupied with the bugs (as they’ve now abandoned her, too) or the heat (as it had begun to subside with the caress of a soft breeze). Her mind wanders and her eyes search the forest for signs of her uncle. Slowly, her gaze lifts. Just from that half-acre patch, she can see an overwhelming sky occupied by one dark, furious cloud overhead and nothing surrounding.
“The ocean’s a brilliant, beautiful creature,” Uncle Sandwich had once told her in a rare fit of passion, “and it’s so powerful and great that there will never be anything we can create like it. It combines, it-it—all water leads to all water. Every ocean, every river valley, everything blends. Everything finds its way around to almost every corner and then finds its way back together again.”
“Like God?” she had asked.
“Um…sure,” he had answered, and she knew he didn’t like to talk about God; neither did Uncle Chris.
After a moment’s pause from Uncle Sandwich’s answer, her father (who had been listening nearby) found a bit of his own passion in the subject and answered a bit more:
“You know what, sweetie – you’re absolutely right. It’s exactly like God. Powerful as an ocean and subtle as a creek. And it’s everywhere, for everyone.”
She felt a bit of excitement for the sky like her uncle had for the ocean.
When Chris returns with a pile of wood, Lizzy is staring up and smiling.
“You look better-off, pickle. Whatcha thinkin’ about?”
He drops the pile of sticks and broken trunks next to the half-finished fire pit, his tee-shirt covered in thick dirt.
“Sky,” Lizzy answers, still looking up. “It reminds me of the ocean. Like the clouds are islands and everything down here is upside-down.”
Chris unrolls the tarp that had been around the tent, laying it over a flat spot some ten feet from the fire-pit. He sets the rumpled, worn, dark blue tent on the brighter blue tarp while he nails the ends into the ground; even crumbled, it’s apparent the tent must be a decades-old family heirloom. While Chris goes about setting up the tent, he tells Lizzy a story now that she’s overcome her irritation:


THE KUDZU CRUISADES
You really wanna hear somethin’ backwards and upside-down. There’s this plant here called kudzu. I think it’s from Japan. [points to a three-leaved brush growing up the base of trees and rocks]
It’s like’a fungus.
Japan brought it to some convention in the 1800s and the good ole’ U.S. brought it in to kill…something in the soil ‘er somethin’, I don’t rightly know. But this stuff –this kudzu plant – it killed everything.


Backwards, right?
Why didn’t they just get rid of it when they saw that it was bad?
‘Cause I think it was too late by then. Anyway, another weird thing about this plant ain’t…it ain’t a detail about the plant so much but how I always remembert it, or how I learnt it.


Uncle Chris?
Yeah?
You realize your accent returns more and more since we left?
That I do, pickle. I can’t help it. Sometimes it comes an’ goes dependin’ on who I’m with.


Anyway, so there’s this plant. This kudzu weed, grows in fields. It’s like’a virus and it can get vines and it’s nasty, annoyin’ thin’. And when I learnt about this plant, I was in school – in history class, ac’ually – and we were learnin’ ‘bout the Crusades. This teacher barely mentioned the plant. Old man we called Gnarly cause his last name was Narlson or somethin’ – one thin’ he taught—prolly the only thin’ that evil prick taught me—was ‘bout when he mentioned Kudzu when he was talkin’ the Children’s Crusades. It was completely off topic but it stuck with me.
What was the children’s crusade?
It was these kids a long, long, long time ago that…they thought they could’a done a better job passin’ religion than the older people. They thought that…others had suckt spreadin’ the word of Christ and they’d succeed ‘cause they’er young.
Anyway, church told ‘em not to go but they went anyways.
Only a third of ‘em kids survived the trip out, before they even made it anywheres.
Most that did survived’er sold into slavery.
A few made it home, though.
Backwards and upside-down.


RAIN AND FIRE
It lightly rains at the hushing blue dusk.
“How’d you know it was gonna rain?” Lizzy asks, holding up a section of the tent. She’s standing over Chris as he fishes two fingers into the mud for a metal stake, the last and most ornery of the bunch. She’s still watching the sky and, before he can answer, adds, “I love it when it rains while the sun’s still out.”
He finds the stake and steadies it. Specks and globs of mud fly up in all directions as he hammers the stake deep into the soil with a rock he found earlier. The poles of the tent now firmly planted, he circles the tent and straightens bits of it, brushing off clumps of dirt with mud-covered hands and causing it to smear worse.
“I uh…mosquitoes. They seem to know when a rain’s comin’.”
The sky remains relatively open besides the large, roaming dark cloud directly overhead. The sun’s only partly visible over the tree-line on the west horizon. The cool drizzle progressively washed away any of Lizzy’s resentment leftover from the humidity.
The rain ends just after the blanket of darkness.
Next to the sparse light of the old, rusty fire-lit lantern, Chris digs to a deeper, drier level of dirt at the base of the fire pit, then erects several pieces of dry wood into a teepee-like triangle. He slides as many chunks and sticks in along the bottom and, once finishes, he opens the duffle bag next to Lizzy’s old stump. She’s since moved to a beach chair in front of the fire pit.
“Still dry,” he says of the newspaper. There’s a flicker of the lantern and Lizzy catches a joyful, childish glimmer in Chris’ eyes. He walks back, gets on his knees and close to the wood pyramid at the base of the fire pit, stuffing bits of newspaper into the crevices. His entire body is splattered with dirt, an especially thick coat of it on his arms, legs, and knees.
“I missed camping…”
“Is that catsup plant poisonous?” Lizzy asks, not paying much attention to Chris’ enthusiasm for the outdoors.
“’Catsup’?” Chris stops before lighting the newspaper, looking over to Lizzy. It takes a moment. “Oh, kudzu. No, you ain’t gotta worry.” He changes the subject. “You know, the first time I metcha was when I was camping my way up tha’ Appalachian trail.” He flicks open his Zippo lighter and snaps his finger until the flint catches and a tiny flame emerges. He sticks it under each protruding end of the newspaper, saying distractedly, “Only reason I even stopped by was to tell your daddy I was awfully sorry to hear yer mama passed.”
Chris stops himself.
Though he doesn’t look over to Lizzy, she can see hesitation in him.
“How well did you know my mommy?” Lizzy asks twice once the initial attempt is dulled by Chris’ loud blowing. The newspaper was catching, many of the small flames following into the heart of the wood pyramid.
“I knew her…before you’er even born. Before yer daddy even met her…”
Chris pretends to pay more attention to the fire even as it’s evident he only need let it take its course.
Lizzy knew that her father was not her biological father; everyone knew and no one made mention of it, accepting that her mother had died tragically and that David was her father. She seldom asked questions anymore, something that had become so infrequent that she hadn’t asked a question in a long while. Every answer her father had ever given her was remembered in full detail and compiled into a list she recalled only when she was at her most lonely.
At this moment, she rubs the tired lion on the hairclip always stuck in the front of her hair, the one she remembers fondly as the one her mother had given her, and asks the only question she ever seemed to ask anyone:
“What was she like?” Lizzy asks Chris for the umpteenth time.
“Uh, she was awesome and pretty…” Chris repeats, subdued.
Chris is reciting what he’s told her before; after one last exhale on the steadily growing fire, his eyes fill with a gentle sadness. He rests his elbow in the dirt just outside the pit, leans on his side, and props his tilted head in his hand. Lizzy can see the fire reflected and flickering in his eyes as he stares through it.
And, for the first time, Chris tells Lizzy (most of) the truth about her mother:


THE BIRTHMOTHER
I metcher mama at a bar in Florida.
What was she doing there?


Yer mama liked to drink before she had you.
[quick to amend his previous statement]
But don’t get me wrong. Of course she did, who doesn’t drink when they’er in their twenties. Which – if you ever touch a’ alcoholic drink – it better be when yer in yer twenties.


I met her. Her friends liked my friends. Naturally, her and I became friends.
[thinks a moment]
We used to hang out every so often, usually when she was lonely.
Were you like boyfriend and girlfriend?
No, pickle, it wasn’ like that. More like friends that saw each other when our other friends weren’t around.
We likt each other but we knew we weren’t gonna date an’ get married.


I remember yer mama in two ways.
Don’t take it like yer mama had a split personality.
She liked to have a good time. And yer mama…she had a wild streak. I remember seein’ it in her eyes, especially. It’s somethin’ I see in yer’s when yer havin’ a lot of fun, getting’ yerself worked up.
What does it look like?


It…looks…like…best words I can think of are “wild abandon.” You know what that means?
[lizzy nods]
She’d work herself out and be loud and funny. Her hair was always a mess, too. ‘Least when I saw her, ‘cause she’d always be rockin’ out to somethin’. She had fun. I knew a lot of people – ‘specially there – people that didn’t know how to have fun or didn’t want to or I dunno what.
But yer mama, she knew.
[pause] What was the other side?


I saw her gentle. I never got ta see her mad or anxious or nervous or anything – not really. Just this…man, this calm. This gentleness in some moments.
Eh, I was a loser back then anyway. I made money but I was’a douchebag – at least headin’ down the wrong path. Yer mama knew it. I’m act’lly pretty similar to the way I was then ‘cept on a different path. A better one. With you and yer daddy and uncle.
Pernicious, tha’ path I was on.


MISTAKES IN THE DISTANCE
Once they’ve roasted hot dogs and marshmallows, Lizzy has a text conversation with her father on Chris’ prepaid cell phone. She summarizes the previous two days, reminds him she’s safe and having fun, repeatedly asserts that Chris is taking good care of her, and describes the massive size and scale of her love for him.
She hands the phone back to Chris, and David texts him several questions.
Within a few minutes of handing the phone back, exhausted Lizzy falls asleep in the beach chair. Chris struggles to lift her, dragging her feet in the dirt as he carries her into the tent and lays her on a sleeping bag. She wakes briefly when Chris takes the hairclip out of the front of her hair. Her eyes flutter as he removes the clip and positions her head on the pillow, and she’s back asleep within seconds.
Backing out of the tent quietly, Chris carefully zips the door closed inch-by-silent-inch. He pokes the fire a few times, collapsing some of the top wood and releasing a stream of embers into the air. With an extra two pieces of wood tossed on top, he searches the duffle bag several minutes before finding the lighter fluid and the binoculars. He fills the lantern with the fluid and re-lights it.
It takes almost twenty minutes before he reaches the post again, examining the purple stuffed animal once more.
“If’n you wanna protect yerself, yer gonna need ta put up a charm,” Chris had told April Mae during the last of their few late-night camping trips.
“Like what?” she asked, curious.
“Um…what do you find lucky?”
“Nothing…‘cept…” she trails off, embarrassed.
Chris isn’t familiar with the look of embarrassment on a woman so he pesters on.
“What? D’you forget? You ain’t got nothin’ lucky?”
“I do but…it’s stupid.”
The soggy stuffed animal is an elephant with tiny white tusks, a long purple trunk the length of its body, and enormous ears. It hadn’t been there longer than a few days, he decides before pressing on down the second path to the right. Another fifteen minutes and he sees distant lights.
He extinguishes the lantern in his hand and continues the last few steps in a thick darkness, his arms outstretched to prevent himself from walking face-first into anything. The square, yellow lights in the distance grow with each step but he stops forty yards out.
And he inhales deep, bringing the cold metal of the binoculars to his eyes.
A large portion of the gap between Chris and the distant, square yellow light is jumped in an instant. It’s a window and through the glass, a man stands with his shirt off: potbelly but not overweight; bald top with a ring of brown hair; and…
Chris tries to make out more details but the man leaves whatever room he had just been in. Another light in another room turns on and the man enters. His face is tiny on such a big, round head. A child runs into the room behind him and he lifts the little girl up, letting her rest on his arm while he…
The man, his child in tow, ducks in and out of view. The room is large but only one window has the shade drawn. Chris checks the other windows but finds all of them dark.
And with that, Chris turns to head back.


CHRIS E.L. GIBBERTS – AGE 11
They’re camping.
April Mae and Chris E.L. Gibberts.
Finally alone.
“Does your daddy know yer here?” she asks excitedly, crouching down. She has a battery-powered lantern with a bright white glow while Chris’ is fire-lit. April Mae turns hers low, then off, and she takes a seat facing Chris, her legs crossed and back straight, sitting on the un-rolled sleeping bags that cover the hard ground.
“My daddy’s bin’ dead since I’s four.”
The only light is the low flicking of the fire inside a tiny iron lamp between Chris and April Mae. The tent is an eerie dark blue when reflected in the lamp light, their shadows stretched across from one another and up into a point.
“How old’er you, kid?”
“Fifteen,” Chris lies.
He’s not even eleven and a half.
“Really? Cause yer dressed like a twelve year old,” she says, smiling.
Another button-up tucked into slacks, his only “dress up” outfit. It was what he wore to every mass so – if it looked good to God then it should like good on a secret date. Also, in the past year he had grown (quite painfully) into a much larger boy than most his age, 5’6 and 120 lbs. His hair’s short, which makes him look older, but he can’t grow facial hair and his clothes look like something a mother would hand-pick. Chris takes her statement as a good sign, because even twelve was older than eleven, and April Mae was sixteen.
She goes on goading him.
“Is yer mama gonna come out here lookin’ for you?”
“My mama can’t move ‘round much without my help these days,” Chris says, and it’s the truth. Since his mother and the minister had stopped holding private bible sessions, she had become withdrawn, eating more, hissing more often, and she had a wooden spoon she would bang on anything from a trashcan to his bare rear-end, something she had been doing much, much more often.
“Why can’t she—”
“I like your hair,” Chris interrupts; he’s done with questions.
April Mae’s hair is in a disorderly bob after maneuvering through a brushy forest with only a lantern. The stars had been gorgeous across the canvas of the sky but the thick forest blocked their view, a few slivers of moonlight peaking through the boughs.
“And your dress,” Chris adds quickly while April Mae pats the sides of her hair, insecurely. She had been about to say something – Chris could see it on her tongue, words to disregard his statement as nice but untrue – as she gently sweeps it back into a more orderly style.
“This?” she asks, looking down at the thin sundress.
Chris sits up and fixes her left strap, which had twisted.
April Mae fidgets, startled at Chris’ approach, but as he carefully fixes the strap and returns to his seat, beaming at her, she lets it slide. Her face remains, however, in a state of constant scrutiny – she watches Chris’ eyes (which never leave her face), and his smile (which never leaves his face), and his posture (which looks as if he’s perched), and then around at all the stuff he had brought with him.
“Where’d you get this tent?”
“It was my daddy’s. I found it behind the house. And I brought some comics and some cheese…” Chris turns around and fishes in a book bag behind him.
“Cheese?” April Mae eyes up the mound of plastic-sealed, yellow American cheese Chris pulls out.
“I read tha’ girls like red wine and cheese but I could only get some of my mama’s grape juice – I didn’ find no wine.”
There’s a Transformers thermos full of a red liquid and Chris pours the dark red juice into two plastic cups.
“Sorry, it’s a bit warm,” he tells her.
She lifts her cup and Chris doesn’t follow, just staring at her.
“It’s called a cheers,” she says.
He stares at her, still not understanding.
“You lift up yer cup and say somethin’ nice,” she continues.
“Oh,” and Chris lifts his glass up, quoting, “‘With love’s light wings did I o’er-perch these walls; for stony limits cannot hold love out.’”
There’s a pause while they both hold their cups up: Chris holds it up because she hadn’t explained that you drink after a cheers; she continues because she’s unsure what he just said or what it means, eyeing him up as if he just confessed something inappropriate.
“Huh?” she asks.
“It’s uh…about meetin’ up with some’un even though…it seems like it ain’t likely to happin. It’s from some…faggy…book,” Chris looks down, ashamed.
“Oh…it was pretty. Did you bring any of ‘em books I always see you readin’ in church?”
“No,” he answers cautiously, keeping a distance between her and his books.
“Maybe bring ’em next time,” and she lifts the cup to her mouth. Chris is surprised by her reaction, keeping his cup in the air until she uses her empty hand to lift the bottom of his cup towards his face.
They both drink from their cups, immediately wincing at the taste.
“What kinda grape juice is that?” she asks, grimacing.
Both look at the mysterious liquid, swirling the cup.
“It’s my mama’s. She said it was made’a grapes. And it was in a large juice box she keeps on top’a the fridge but I’m tall ‘nuff I can reach it now,” he says, proud. “I dunno why she doesn’t keep it in the fridge, though.”





a brief interlude about the seven devil nation


The Return
On the afternoon I returned to Sensei Ki-Jo’s hillside house, it had been a week since I left.
Steve and Travis congratulated me on surviving.
Sensei Ki-Jo gave me a nod from his rocking chair in-between puffs on his pipe of Hacker and, that evening, we shared a massive feast together while I explained all about the ceremony; even Sensei Ki-Jo seemed happy by my return, something astounding considering the torture he had put me through.


*	*	*


They flew me in a private jet to Australia.
Actually, we took a helicopter from here to a plane, then went far out of our way to some ritzy five-star hotel in Johannesburg. The Marquee Chanteuse. We got a room and they pampered the shit out of me. That woman, Charne – she was older, probably late-fifties, kind of strange and snotty – it seemed like that was how she lived on a daily basis. Massages and spa shit.
I don’t usually like that kind of stuff but since I had just been through shit and lived in a forest for years, most of that time being tortured…
[wink to Sensei Ki-Jo, who nods graciously]
Suffice it to say it was nice.


So they flew me to Australia in a private jet that had a gold-lined interior.
The first day, Charne had been quiet. She had that thin guy with her but I think he’s her assistant, or lover, something. It’s weird because he was her equal most of the time but she’d turn on him all of a sudden and make him sound like a servant, like he was beneath her.
I guess they could have been married.
But the second day, when they went with me to Australia, she spoke at length about the Seven Devils on the flight. Apparently they’re everywhere. Some actively work for the greater good, some keep quiet and hide, some are politicians, and everything in-between.
The whole point is to exist as a network for the greater good.


We refueled in Sydney then flew somewhere north.
We get to the airport and Charne hands me a wrap of cashier’s checks, probably about forty grand worth. And then her and that spindly fellow – Albert, he gave me an address and then they both got back on the plane and left.
The address was to a hair salon in Monto, Queensland – wherever the fuck that was…which, as it turns out, is in the middle of absolutely nowhere.


Bus and train and so on.
Finally I just rent a car with a GPS. Get to Monto and it’s fucking desolate. Agricultural, beautiful, but desolate – the town was maybe a block long and it seemed like one block surrounded by residential housing surrounded by hours of empty land.
Get there, find the salon, park, go inside.


Inside, it’s a salon. Small, a bit cramped, but exactly what you would expect from a salon. And there was a middle-aged, larger woman with long black hair named Angela.
She tells me to sit while she finishes doing a client’s hair.
I do, she finishes, client leaves, and she motions for me to sit in her chair.


“I was sent here,” I told her but she knew why I was there and went about making sure I looked nice. I mean, my hair is always cut down to the nub but she shaved my face…that, actually, that was nice. It just…man, it felt great.


We’re out here in the fucking middle of nowhere and you’re off getting pampered.
[and travis chimes in]
Seriously, we thought you were fuckin’ dead.


I’m sure you two were fine. Least you have all the company you need; I still need females.


[they shoot a glance, as their “relationship” is still secret; Sensei Ki-Jo doesn’t notice]


That’s insensitive.
[and steve chimes in]
We still need female company—we like females, too.
[and Sensei Ki-Jo chimes in]
I think he have sex with large Angela.


[surprise and laughter fill the room]


Alright, alright, enough. Bunch of assholes.
So Angela finishes up and we leave out the back door. Behind the salon was a shed, and she opened the shed and went in and told me to wait. When she came back out, she had a tiny laptop computer. And a black pad.
Put my hand on the pad and the computer lit up with a picture of me and pretty much everything I’ve ever done in my life – including everyone I’ve…hurt, all the things I may not be proud of, everything really. Everything I did for a man named Ghos.
And that was it.


What?
[and travis chimes in]
Just a handprint?


Yup. And she said my contact was Charne if and when I needed something. I would always be able to reach her – or her replacement, if need be – at the hotel she had taken me to before Australia.
The Marquee Chanteuse, suite 1122.
Sort of like my case worker.


So…what happens next?
[and steve chimes in]
No one’s coming after you?


Nope. Sort of the point of being out here in the middle of nowhere. But the man that put the hit out on me is…well, he’s not able to do anything against me now, not about to come close or anything unless I say it’s alright.
The contractors that he hired have been called off – I met one of them.
Seemed nice enough.


*	*	*


As if on cue, when I began to ask about the bandits and whether or not they had attacked any more of the locals, a horn rang out from way out of the back side of the house.
Sensei Ki-Jo growled, out of his seat before anyone else had even turned toward the noise. Pipe already secured between his teeth, he made three quick motions to me that Steve and Travis was too preoccupied searching out the window to notice:
He was going to head off and fire from a distance.
I was going to stay, defend.
And every attacker was to die.
Then he rushed (something uncommon for Sensei Ki-Jo) toward the creaking, wooden stairs leading down to the bedroom and the lab and an open exercise area. As he disappeared, it registered what was happening – Sensei Ki-Jo had rushed to his bow-and-arrow and, with the thud of the downstairs door, run out into the forest for a good vantage point.
Steve and Travis had gotten up to look out the window and I was mid-run up the stairs to my room for my gun and my katana—when I realized the sword was gone, taken by the bandits a week earlier. And so I stuffed a nine millimeter handgun into the waist of my pants and broke one of the cardinal rules – I entered Sensei Ki-Jo’s bedroom and took his black katana from off the wall.
As I ran back down the stairs, I called out to Steve and Travis:
“Get the rifles – the long shots—”
But found myself interrupted by them both exclaiming:
“Oh fuck!”
Even from across the room I could see what they were talking about.
Outside, in the blue of a mid-dusk evening, a rain was lifting up and out from the forest. It was an odd rain, one that looked as if it consisted of long, thin droplets.
Steve and Travis ran back inside, their heads down.
I stayed, watching.
It was stunning, poetic.
Soundless yet echoing.
And as the thirty-plus arrows began descending toward the exterior of the house, it was apparent that each long, thin arrow carried with it a tiny flicker of orange on their tips.


the time to go


PATIENTLY COILED
David wakes up to the sound of his alarm on the second day.
Shepard meets him in front of the hotel with a cab waiting.
David purposefully sits with Shepard to the left but his right ear has recovered to the point of functioning just shy of normal and he can still hear him:
“Dawlish wants you to know they really appreciate you continuing to do this and this specialist is supposed to be one of the best in the country. They paid a tremendous amount of money to get her to come in on a Sunday. And I hear it’s a hot girl. Hear…” he trails, almost laughing. “Anyway, we’re gonna get you checked out, see about flying to London. They wanted me to remind you that if you feel at all uncomfortable—”
“I’m not going to cancel London,” David reminds him for a third time.
At this point, everything is in London.
I will win her back.
There’s a short silence and they pull up to another massive building.
“Office is on…the fifth floor,” Shepard says as they get out of the cab and meet in front of the pair of revolving doors.
“I’ll text you when I’m done,” David says, aggressively keeping Shepard from coming up to the office and waiting with him.
For some inexplicable reason, David can’t stand him this time around.
He’s crude and his sense of human is poor but Shepard is not a bad man. He works hard and is mostly successful at keeping David happy; the only thing holding him back is David’s dislike for him. He dreads his lanky, freckled figure each time he sees Shepard holding open the door or standing in the background, flirting with anything that breaths and has a vagina. Even when David can hear him talking, he ignores him like he can’t.
The day before, during the second, less eventful signing, David had snapped at him. Shepard had leaned over the table and his tie had hit David’s face and so David, flushed and serious, scolded him in a calm but threatening voice not to do it again.
Shepard had backed off for the rest of the day.
“It’s cool…” there’s a note of hesitation in his voice, “…I’ll be down here. I didn’t grab breakfast yet and there’s a food court. You…you want anything?”
David’s unsure if he’s insulted or just worried.
David shakes his head no and doesn’t say anything else before taking the escalator up to the second level elevators. As the stairs ascend, David’s pretty sure he hears Shepard call him an asshole under his breath.
A wild, uncontrollable rage swells inside his body as if it had been there all along, patiently coiled and waiting to strike at the right time.
David turns and hops back down the stairs and lands with a loud, metallic thud.
Shepard turns around at the sound and finds David’s beat-red face staring back at him. David keeps his hands on either side of his body but both fists are balled and scarlet.
He clears his throat.
“Did you just call me an asshole?” he asks.
Shepard laughs.
David’s anger grows.
“Seriously?” Shepard asks, the smile dropping as he realizes David isn’t joking.
David tilts his chin up with an unblinking gaze of utter annoyance.
“Of course I didn’t call you an asshole. You’re like my favorite client. Are—are you alright, dude? You don’t—”
But David’s already turned around and headed back up the escalator to the doctor’s office.


ANOTHER DISCONCERTING CONVERSATION
And four days before the deadline, I call Henry Fox:
“Hello?” asks a young male voice.
“This is Mr. Ridley. I want to speak to Henry Fox.”
My teeth are gritted immediately.
A voice comes back, one that’s low, menacing, and old, gruff.
“You’re early, Mr. Ridley.”
“I have the address you’re looking for. What guarantee do I have that this matter is resolved?”
“No-no-no-nope, darlin’. That ain’t how it works. You need to bring me proof, bucko. I want to see him, know he’s alive. Well.”
“The fuck I will. He’s outside London.”
“What a coincidence—your brother will be in London soon. Tell you what. Have your brother take a trip to see him before Thursday, have him get a snippy-snap photo,” says Henry Fox as if he were talking to a child, “and send it over to me and I’ll let everything slide. You can go back to running your faggot school with your faggot brother teaching his faggot music to his cunt daughter. Which reminds me, she’s very pretty—”
“I will fucking rip out your throat!” I scream.
But the line’s already disconnected.


A VILLAGE OF WATER
“Where are we?” Lizzy asks.
“Um, well, lil’un. We’er at the town of Rumble Canyon.”
“It just looks like a lake.”
“Well, pickle, that’s because it is. When I was a young boy, there’as a town here.”
“What happened to it?”
“Well, there’as a nearby dam and they ain’t need it no more so they told everyone to leave. An’ then they flooded the area.” Then, to himself, “Think the land was more valuable as a lake.”
“Why did you come here?”
“Act’lly, this’as the first place I came after I left home. Accidentally found an abandoned town—well, I don’t know ‘bout accident. I’m pretty sure I ‘member a truck driver tellin’ me somethin’ about it and I think that’s sort of how I picked the direction to walk.”
“Why?”
“I don’t know…”


*	*	*


After hitchhiking for a day and a solid week traveling by foot and camping at night, twelve year old Chris Gibberts stumbles onto a very small, mostly abandoned town one dreary afternoon. It’s a dream come true. He drops his backpack near the outskirts of town and begins adventuring. Each house is empty, each street void of life. Everything’s unlocked, all the front doors open – everything’s empty, though, evacuated but for the cleaning rags, the cockroaches, the discarded and the unwanted. It takes three or four houses before the large red print catches his eye and he reads the warning glued to the front of each house:


FLOODING IMMINENT


There’s a long disclaimer in tiny print under it and, at the bottom, it gives the date and time of the flooding; however, the town is without power and Chris hadn’t brought his watch so he’s unsure if the flooding will be that day at 5:00 p.m. or the next. This stops him from searching houses and he travels to the edge of the small town. A part of him expects to discover a tsunami coming at him – the only things he had discovered thus far were mothballs, stained and broken couches, dirty rags, old clothes, and wiring.
At least a tsunami would be interesting.
On the edge of town, near a two-lane road leading over a small creek, up a hill, and out toward the horizon, Chris is momentarily distracted by a hardware store and forgets about the possibility of an oncoming tsunami. He leans in against the window, his hand against the glass and over his eyes to block the gray afternoon glare. The sun hadn’t made much of an appearance in the last few days but he had lucked out and there hadn’t been rain. The store appears empty, like everything else he had seen.
When he looks out and up the road, where a tsunami could be drawing near to demolish the town, he sees instead three distant cars blocking all traffic.
They’re police cars.
It’s a roadblock.
He stands, frozen; not by fear but curiosity.
Then he enters the hardware store. It’s musty and vacant.
“Surprise,” he mutters, kicking a wood doorstop in the center of the room.
The sound of the hollow wood bumping against the ground fills his stomach with a creeping dread. The tense knot in his belly tightens a bit more and a bit more each time he enters an empty establishment; the vacuum of human presence, the abnormality of an actual ghost town…it’s as if the people were abducted.
There’s a broom missing half its straw brush.
A box of unused light fixtures.
Two screwdrivers missing their bits and a hammer with a broken handle.
When he leaves the store and looks back up the road, far off is a police car speeding toward the town, its lights flashing and the rumor of a siren on the air as it rings in the distance. Chris’ initial reaction is panic – if the police find him this far from home they might send him to jail or, worse, back to his mother. He sprints around the nearest corner, out of sight, and runs full speed down as many blocks as he can, finally reaching a house with an old, dilapidated fence. The exterior is worn and tired, long-faded and chipped and broken, the owner negligent. Chris leaps the wood fence and rounds the house to a tiny back yard. After a few minutes of his own heavy breathing and the growing siren, he peers around the edge to see the police cruiser turn the corner a few blocks down and begin patrolling the neighborhood.
Chris leans his shoulder against the outside of the house.
There had yet to be a moment where he had panicked as much as he did when he saw the cop car approaching. In later years, he would realize how unsafe it had been to hitchhike by pretending to be a female – at the age of twelve, Chris just prides himself on being clever. In order to travel, he knew he’d have to disguise his young age: all it took was some makeup to highlight his cheek bones, padding in a tiny bra, a curly blonde wig tied down by a dark shawl, and large sunglasses; a twelve year old boy could look like a woman in her mid-twenties.
(It helped that the trucker saw twelve year old Chris drinking his first beer at a dive bar across the street from the truck stop and diner. It was the afternoon he left home. The bartender asked for I.D. and Chris, in his girliest voice, explained that her purse been lost and she was forced to hitchhike north.
Luckily, she did have cash.
The female bartender took pity and gave twelve year old Chris his first taste of beer. It was disgusting and he stopped after the first sip; by then, a truck driver had overheard the conversation and offered a ride, as he was headed toward Arkansas. Chris agreed and hitched a ride. The trucker kept himself under control, sometimes asking personal questions. Chris just made up every answer and, once over the Arkansas border, ditched the driver at the first stop.)
The police cruiser nears the house and the loud speaker blares the cop’s voice:
“Son, wherever you’re hidin’, you need to come out. You are trespassing. This is a dangerous place to be. This town is to be flooded tomorrow by 5:00 p.m. If you hear this, know you are NOT in trouble. We just want to be sure that you evacuate the town. Come out, son. This is a dangerous place to hang around. I know you’re still here. I just saw you with my binoculars. You are NOT in trouble.”
The police car keeps moving and the words, though audible, become indistinguishable.
“Sounds like you ain’t in trouble, kid.”
“Oh dear Lord!” Chris yelps, startled.
There’s the silhouette of an old man sitting behind the torn screen of an enclosed, rotted back porch. Only flecks of white hair, bushy and disheveled on top of his head, curly and scruffy down across his face. A bottle of beer raises to his lips for a tiny peck of a sip.
“Yer too young to be runnin’—how old’er you?” the old man asks from his seat.
His voice sounds fragile and shaky.
“What?” Chris asks, too confused to understand what’s going on.
“Come here, kid.”
Wary, each step carefully paced, Chris moves toward the thin, grime-covered screen between the old man and him. There’s a large slash in a section and Chris faces the old man through the tear. Even closer, the porch is dark and the old man’s features are hard to discern. His eyes appear black, almost unfilled, with deeply drawn crow’s feet reaching out over both temples and seemingly spreading all over his face. He’s slouched back and his hands shake while lighting a cigarette, shake with another peck of his bottle.
Next to him, on the mud-spattered floor, is a cooler with the lid closed and a round, deep pot with curled edges.
“Don’t get too close to me, kid. Stinks like shit in here.” The old man puffs his cigarette and exhales smoke that further haze his features. “What’er you runnin’ from, kid?”
“Um…my, uh, my mother.”
The old man belts out a hearty laugh and sends himself into a coughing fit.
“She take away your tv or something?”


CHRIS GIBBERTS – AGE 12
Two days before Chris leaves home, he sinks further and further into a tense ball on the dirty living room carpet beside his mother’s chair.
It doesn’t stop her, though.
“Yer gonna start LISTENIN’,” and she swings down hard again, the long, thin wooden rod striking the back of his button-up shirt so hard that a seam tears, “and yer gonna read the good book TWICE an EVENIN’,” and she slams it down twice more in rapid succession, the remaining WHAP noises filling the living room.
“And you ain’t to see that April Mae GIRL,” WHAP, “no more!”
She stops after that.
Chris doesn’t have to look up to know the wobbly fat hanging from his mother’s neck shakes with her head as her eyes look up to pray; before the weight became so extreme, she had bent her head forward. He’s yet to cry even though the first strike hurt worse than most – it had caught him in the face, unaware, and had left a small gash at the top of his forehead, blood soaking into the sleeve under his face. She may have stopped only because she had worn herself out. She wheezes in short-breath after short-breath then, with a few whispered prayers, she switches to her soft, apologetic tone:
“I’m…I’m sorry, baby,” she coos, but Chris doesn’t move from his curled ball.
Before continuing, she lights a cigarette.
“I just…I dunno whatta do wit’ you, baby. Yer always disappearin’, always readin’ Lord knows what, talkin’ all sorts of nonsense. Pastor Bobby Row’s been thinkin’ you might – Lord help us – he says you might’ve got some serious iss-yoous.”
Chris doesn’t move.
His mother rubs her wrists, exhaling smoke and flicking ash into a nearby soda can.
“You ain’t got no demons. Right, baby?” she asks, looking for reassurance.
And she takes a deep drag from her cigarette, waiting for an answer.
She doesn’t get one as Chris is unconscious.


THE OLD MAN AND THE SEA
And I told the old man all about…my mother. I showed him, didn’t really have ta say much.
What did your mommy do?
Hmm? [looks down at lizzy, distracted] Oh…my mother um…she wasn’t—
Nice? Yeah, I know. But why? What did she do?


Actually, mama didn’t do much.
She was very overweight. Mostly she just drank soda and went to church but when I left, she had a hard time getting outta her chair. [whispering] I hated that chair. [normal, but mournful] And uh, mama had a heart attack maybe three months after I left and died on that chair’a hers.


Why wasn’t she nice to you?
[assesses lizzy] She uh…used to have’a long woodin stick, and she’d whap me on the back with it. She’d do it anytime she thought I’s misbehavin’.
Her and I had different views on what was misbehavin’.
And she hated that I liked this neighbor girl. I dunno why she’as so against it considerin’ that April Mae was a church goin’ girl, and she was pretty and smart. And she liked me.
Think mama was afraid of losin’ me.
Didn’t she lose you anyway?
She sure did.
And I left and found this abandoned town and an old man.


*	*	*


“Holy Bejesus, kid,” the old man responds, solemn but without sympathy.
It’s still a bit sore as Chris lowers the shirt down over his back. Sleeping on the ground hadn’t helped the bruises and thin gashes covering his back either. His forehead still has a thin cut but, as his hair continues to grow, it covers half of the wound.
“Well, kid. I ain’t gonna ratcha out but they’s gonna flood this area and everythin’ in it tomorrow. Yer sure to die if yer still here round five.” That’s how the old man wants to end the conversation and he flicks his shaking wrist as a way of warding off twelve year old Chris.
Chris nods and lets his head droop a moment before returning to the edge of the house. The police cruiser had been silent for a few minutes but Chris can sense a trap. A sly peek past the corner finds the street empty and Chris takes a step away, then a step back. Besides the obvious fact that the patrol car is hiding somewhere, Chris can’t rid himself of an unsettled feeling in his stomach.
He returns to the old man.
“You gonna die here, mister?” he asks.
The old man snorts, lighting a new cigarette.
“Why?” Chris asks.
“Two reasons: Ain’t nowhere to go an’ even I’s did, no way to get there. Also, ain’t been a decent football game in years so…you know, what’d be the point anyways.”
Chris’ jaw drops.
“So yer just gonna sit there an’ die?”
The old man nods, exhaling smoke.
“Got beer. Smokes. I’m set. Least I know when it’s comin’. Out there, it’d be soon an’ creepin’ – that ain’t no way to go. They’d stuff me in some home or hospital an’ milk whatever moneys I got left.”
“But—”
“Kid, you ain’t know dick ‘bout nothin’ no-how yet. You need ta move along.”
Chris doesn’t move, thinking.
“You ain’t got no family?”
The old man puffs out an exasperated cloud of smoke.
“Look here, kid. Yer what, sixteen?”
“Twelve.”
“Holy Bejesus. Well, you know less than I gave you credit.” He waits a moment and as Chris doesn’t budge, finally answers, “My love’s been dead seven years. An’ my daughter don’t want nothin’ to do with me an’ she got good—very, very good reason not to.”
“What’s her name?”
“My daughter?”
“Yeah.”
“Julie. Moved to Livingston County up in Illinois.” Chris can’t see the old man’s eyes but he knows they narrow. “Why?”
“Wouldn’t she wanna know about this?”
“She ain’t even come back for her mama’s funeral…”
There’s a moment where the old man looks off.
Chris decides that it’s time to leave.
“What’s your name?” Chris asks, extending his hand through the gash in the screen.
“Gale,” the old man says, leaving the cigarette between his lips while he grips the young man’s hand. “Gale Burqeart. Good to meetcha, kid. Nice, firm handshake.”
“I’m Chris. It was nice to meetcha, Gale.”
And Chris leaves the back yard of the rundown house.
He checks the mailbox for the address and correct spelling of Gale’s last name before walking down the center of the street towards the bridge and distant road block. It isn’t even two blocks before the siren blares and the cruiser pulls up behind Chris.
The cop gets out of the car.
“Thank God, kid. You know what’s gonna happen here tomorrow?”
Chris nods.
“What’re you doin’ out here, kid?” the officer asks, looking in the general direction Chris must have come. “What’d you, walk? Had to come over that there ridge, we got everywhere else closed off.”
“There’s an old man on that porch back there. He aims to sit there an’ die.”
“Who?—Gale Burqeart? Goddamnit.” The officer takes the walkie from his belt and radios in. “Dispatch.”
“Copy,” it responds.
“Burqeart’s back on his porch. Tell the Sheriff. I’m gonna lock him up ‘till 5:01 in the p.m. tomorrow.”
“That’s an affirmative. Did you find that young kid?”
“Yeah—” he lowers the walkie talkie and asks, “Where you from, kid? What’s yer name?”
“Chris…uh, Young. Chris Young. I’m from Illinois.”


*	*	*


Can we get out of here.
[pause] Absolutely.
What d’you say we go to the nearest city and find the most expensive hotel we can, have your uncle treat us to massages and pampering for a night?
[another pause] I love you, Uncle Chris.
Love you, too, Pickle.


THE GOOD NEWS
After several hours, the doctor finally comes back to talk to David.
Shepard had been right – the doctor’s very cute.
“Good news. The hearing in your right ear will be fine with some minor surgery. The damage to your left is detrimental but—and this is a pretty big but, there’s a chance we may be able to repair the damaged lining. Your left eardrum did bust but that’s not the main issue, it’s the surrounding tissue that’s collapsing around it.”
“When can I have the surgery?” David asks.
“First thing tomorrow morning. You have priority. They tell me you have a flight to catch but I-I have to tell you, there’s no way you can fly – not a commercial airline. At least not this week. Another dramatic fluctuation in air pressure will almost certainly guarantee you’ll lose hearing in your left ear. Probably your right, as well.”
“Even after surgery?” he asks.
“Even after surgery. Earliest you can fly is—maybe next week, at the earliest.”
“I have to be in London this week.”
“I recommend a boat. Should we schedule the surgery for tomorrow?”
“Yeah. I have to go, my agent’s probably shitting himself right now. We have a signing to get to in half hour.”


THE FINAL SIGNING IN NEW YORK
Shepard’s quiet the rest of the day.
He doesn’t say anything when David finds him sitting on a bench in the lobby, reading a publishing magazine; he doesn’t say anything other than “Ok” when David tells him the surgery is the next day and that he’ll be unable to fly this week; he doesn’t say anything on the cab ride except the destination and for the cabby to keep the change; he doesn’t say much other than pleasant greetings to the staff of the open-windowed, multi-leveled bookstore that stands as their last destination in New York; and he disappears during the entire signing, confined to a small back room.
As the less-than-stellar signing ends – maybe forty in attendance of four hours – Shepard remerges with news:
“Dawlish is trying to get a military aircraft to escort you to London. It’s an aircraft that’ll fly at a low altitude and—I think it fuckin’ refuels in mid-flight a few times,” Shepard starts to get excited at the prospect but stops himself when he remembers he’s talking to David. “They’ll postpone the first signing to a later date but keep the second on schedule. They didn’t want me to say anything but they got a surprise for you so…if you’re game…”
“Yeah, I’m game. Listen—” David reaches over, still seated, and touches Shepard’s elbow. He was staring at his phone the whole time he spoke and David’s touch startles him, as if he were being attacked. He looks down, worried. “I’m sorry I snapped. I’m just…I’m having rough time, okay? I think you do a good job and I miss my child, I miss…I miss my hearing, I miss the woman I want to spend the rest of my life…oh…”
It’s odd to hear himself say it, as if it hadn’t been true until the words hit air.
“It’s cool, dude,” Shepard smiles, showing a bit of relaxed posture. “I totally understand.”
“…so they have a surprise for me?” David asks.
“Yeah, you’ll see.”
“And this military aircraft stuff, they’d really do that for me?”
“Just…you’ll see.”
“I’ll do it as long as the doctor says it’s alright.”
“Fair enough.”
A devilish grin crosses David’s face.
“Think the publishers would do something else for me, too?”
“Probably. What is it?”
“It’s kinda big…”
“That’s what she said,” Shepard laughs.
David does, too.


THE MARQUEE CHANTEUSE – SUITE 1122
Seventeen hours on a plane and two hours sitting alone in an empty VIP lounge during a layover in Senegal. For fourteen of those hours, I scribble into a tiny black notebook – this is the failsafe, the phase four.
It’s 9:30 p.m. when I reach Johannesburg and hit the sandy air.
A cab drives me to the Marquee Chanteuse and, though this is my second time in South Africa, I can’t register or recognize any of the details. It’s been over a day since I used the Hacker plus-plus and the after-effects are wearing on me. My body feels exhausted but my mind in particular feels wasted, drained. My focus is hard to control and my mind keeps going blank. It takes immense effort to stay awake, the withdrawal and jetlag dragging me into slow motion.
I exit the cab with no baggage; only thing with me is a passport.
The lobby passes in a blur of faceless people and shining silver and gold. I press two of the wrong buttons in the elevator before I get the right one. The doors open and I spend several minutes aimlessly wandering the spritely-colored floral pattern of the hallway carpet. Eventually I stumble onto Suite 1122 and knock. The tall, spindly fellow I know to be Albert answers the door, pushing the rounded spectacles further up the bridge of his nose to get a clear look at me.
“Come in,” he says with a disgruntled hint.
I enter into the open living room area of the suite.
There are open French doors leading out to a short porch overlooking the Johannesburg horizon. Charne is out there – I can see the bottom of her robe and a bare leg stretched out on a deck chair, her foot rocking back and forth, the rest of her body hidden by the corner.
“She’s on the—” Albert begins but I’m passed him and out on the deck before he finishes.
Charne glances up but doesn’t deter from her phone call.
“Tell him to do it for forty less and he has a deal.”
She points to the other deck chair.
Her face looks the same as it had when I first met her five years ago. She has graying blonde hair, the skin of her face tight and plastic-looking. She does appear to have bigger lips this time.
In the moment my body fits the groove of the cushioned deck chair, I fall asleep.


ASS TO CASH
When I wake, it’s to the shrill laughter of older women somewhere behind me.
The sun is vanished but the moribund black hints at a dawning blue.
It’s a half-hour to dawn.
I sit up from the insanely comfortable deck chair on which I had been sprawled. Stand, gain my bearings, rub my eyes. Charne is with the spindly Albert and some other older woman, all sipping champagne from nice, curved glass. The women are in sparkling gowns and Albert is in a tuxedo. They turn when I stumble a bit, reentering the living room area of the bright, pink-embroidered room, and Charne speaks something in Afrikaans, dismissing me. She motions to another room and Albert escorts the other older woman out.
“We tried to wake you,” says Charne, matter-of-factly, her face obviously bothered by my inconvenient nap. “What can I do for you, Mr. Ridley?”
“A few questions,” I answer, back with all faculties.
“Phone wouldn’t suffice?”
“I wanted to see your face. Are the Seven Devils invested in Nethuns Deep Sea Mining?”
“The Seven Devil Nation doesn’t invest.”
“Then why are they behind whatever’s happening in Philadelphia?”
“Behind it? No.”
“Whatever word you want to us. Why are you involved?”
“I’m not involved,” Charne says, growing upset but keeping her voice steady. “And the head operates separate from me so it’s not my decision, either. Don’t you dare come into my house and accuse me of anything. You watch your tongue. You got a question for him, you find him and ask yourself.”
“No, I know why he’s doing it.” I sigh. “And I’m going to go stop it, as I’m sure you and the head already know I’ve been watching this whole thing. I’m going to stop it and then I’m going to come back and deal with this situation.”
“Is that a threat?” she asks in an off-hand way.
“You’ll know when I make a threat.”


HUE SINTO
A man of tiny stature checks into a room in the Hilton.
The front desk clerk notices the scar under the man’s eye but says nothing of it. The front desk clerk does mention the man’s eyebrows:
“How did you dye your eyebrow, man? That’s awesome.”
“No dye.”
The man says this while looking down in the small bag he has strapped over his shoulder. His one eyebrow is blonde but he explains no further why that is. He hands over his credit card, the clerk charges it, hands it back with the card key, and the man walks off without any further talk.
He opens his room, turns on all of the lights, and sets his bag on the bed. He does a series of stretches, his bones cracking from having sat in a car for so long. He removes his shirt. He has three bullet wound scars on his breast. The man of tiny stature begins a routine of pushups and situps. He pours himself a glass of water and drinks it.
The man opens his bag and pulls out a large folder. Inside are pictures of a people and information about them. He flips through. A child. Two adult males. A redheaded woman. He makes a phone call to his boss. The conversation is short and about acquiring a rifle in the U.K. He hangs up.
The man of tiny stature sits on the edge of his bed.
He doesn’t stare at anything in particular.





a brief interlude about the seven devil nation


The Violent End of Sensei Ki-Jo
I was on my way to the window when everything began to move in slow motion.
Steve and Travis passed on either side of me, running away, their heads low and bodies hunched down. I was dazed as if in a trance, facing the open door to the back deck watching the approaching shower of arrows headed toward the house in which I was standing. They were released from their bows at the same time, all of them joining together deep in the heart of the blackening sky. They grew slim and then, driving back down toward the Earth, only slightly larger. The flames of their tips were only visible as they landed. The early ones hit, one coming in through the window, but two hands grabbed me, pulling me back, back into the kitchen, squishing me down behind cover. The sound of tiny thuds, like miniature feet running across the roof. Windows broke, things shattered. Before the arrows finished landing, I snapped out of the stupor and remembered the goal. 
Travis, Steve, and I were crouched behind the counter.
“You—” I spoke to Steve, “go downstairs and find the rifles.”
“You—” I spoke to Travis, “go upstairs and get the supply bag and then get downstairs to Steve. You two hole-up, stay at the downstairs door until the fire gets close.”
“Where are you going?” Steve asked.
“I’ll be outside. They’re here for me. They want me, they can have me.”
The two men dashed off to follow my plans. They weren’t very well-trained but we had practiced a lot with the long shot rifles. Steve was a good shot but Travis wasn’t particularly good with any gun.
Calmly, I pulled a black-sheathed sword off the wall and walked out the same door that I had stood staring out when I froze, transfixed by the arrows. Smoke was ebbing just above the threshold. The roof was already catching light. I stood at the balcony overlooking the dark forest. Night had almost completely overtaken the soft blue of dusk and the forest was a shield of darkness.
From the sheath, I pulled out the sword and held it up.
Then I howled like a motherfucking wolf.
I let it ring out in echo as a call for blood.
The first man to emerge from the forest was the biggest of them – Maggie the Ogre, the hulking, dagger-wielding mad man I had seen twice before. As the fire spread across the roof, the parameter of the house and the edges of the forest grew in visibility. The hulking man motioned for me to come down from the deck and join him near the edge of the forest, which I gladly obliged. Each step down I thought I noticed an extra face and pair of eyes in the forest – the darkness was pulsing with the presence of the bandits, and I knew there had to be at least thirty of them.
My feet found the grass at the end of the stairs and strolled toward the hulking man. My eyes were on everyone else in the forest I could spot; his eyes were on me and solely me. Before reaching him, I withdrew the nine millimeter gun from the back of my pants and began firing. There were sixteen bullets in the clip, plus two extra clips in my pocket, and I was going to use every one of them.
The first bullet hit the hulking psycho in the arm, causing a look of panic and confusion on his face. The wound didn’t seem to hinder or hurt him much and he tried to dive back behind the tree line. He stumbled over his large feet in the attempt and the next two bullets hit him in the back and in the back of his head. He dropped like a rock but I had already begun firing at each face I had seen in the shadows of the forest.
With each shot fired from the gun, there was a distinct sound that followed when it hit someone. As I fired the fourteenth, fifteen, and sixteenth bullet, I could tell I had stopped hitting people and that most of them had fled backward.
Eject the clip, reload with the sword still in my hand.
An arrow from directly in front of me buzzed past the trees to hit me in the chest just below my weak left shoulder. The gun fell from my hand. The smell of sulfur filled my nostrils and the taste of iron filled my mouth, a sensation that seemed to happen whenever I was seriously injured, one that I had grown accustomed to.
As I gripped the long end of the arrow and snapped it off so only a tiny hunk of stick protruded, a man came running from the forest. He had his sword over his head and clutched with both hands. It was his scream that gave away his position and a bullet whizzed past my ear to hit him in the belly.
As he fell about five feet from me, I bent and picked up the gun, pleasantly surprised to find that my left hand still worked perfectly fine. Without turning around, walking into the forest I gave a thumbs up pointed back toward the downstairs door.
Past the tree line, I found six more bodies.
Two of them had been hit with arrows.
There was another gunshot from the downstairs doorway.
The blossoming fire behind me illuminated deep enough into the forest to see that the bandits hadn’t moved to flank me or fled too far back, they just backed from the light. They formed a semi-circle around me, ten of them pointing drawn arrows; in-between each archer was another man with a sword in his hand, as if back-up.
These were the real deal.
The men that had acted hastily, that had forged away from the group – including the hulking man and the one that had run screaming – were two of the bandits I had encountered previously. The rest of them – the archers and swords’ men weren’t as dirty – they were all wearing billowy blue cloth, their sleeves hanging low.
“If you set-a down your—weapons. I will—speak wif you.”
The voice had called out from behind the line of archers and bowmen.
It had a thick Japanese accent.
I licked my lips and set down both weapons.
Two of the archers and two of the swords’ men stood aside and a tall, dark featured Japanese man walked out. He had on a similar cloth as the others, except his was checkered blue and white. His hair was up in a bun on top of his head and he kept both hands together at his waist, each tucked into the other’s billowy sleeve.
“Why are you here?” I asked him in a stern, low and menacing growl.
“You angered my family,” he said, matter-of-factly.
He continued approaching, staying just outside of arm’s length.
“How?”
“You have disrespected us,” a nearby archer spoke.
The Japanese man turned quickly to the man that had spoken and, quick as a flash, threw a tiny dagger from under his sleeve. It hit the archer in the chest and, as he backed up from the wound, the swords’ man to his right quickly impaled him; then the swords’ man pushed the meat off the end of his sword, picked up the archer’s bow and arrow, and replaced him in the same stance and position.
The gut shot bandit outside the tree line had gotten to his feet and was moving toward the forest when another shot rang out from the downstairs of the house.
There was a brief mist in the fire light and the man dropped silently.
The Japanese man sighed at this, his eyebrows raised as if it were whimsical.
“Him and his men,” the Japanese man continued, “ask-a help. I help.”
I waited for more but that was all he had.
“So what now?”
“I kill you. All your friend.”
That seemed to sum it up best for him because then he threw a dagger at me.
If it weren’t for my reflexes, his dagger would have probably hit my throat; instead, I turned and it slid across the top of my right shoulder, leaving a painful gash. In the brief aftermath of the surprise dagger-throw, our eyes met. Neither of us retreated. I could feel the archers tighten their drawn arrows, the swords’ men at the ready. The dark featured Japanese man and I stared at one another.
There was a short buzz and I was certain that was it.
The Japanese man went pale and fell over.
A moment passed before I noticed the arrow sticking from the back of his neck.
Sensei Ki-Jo was in the forest, firing from a vantage point high up.
All of the archers turned in uniform and fired their shots in the direction of that lethal arrow. Half of the swords’ men did an about-face as well, one half charging toward the shot fired and the other half charging at me.
Bent the second I noticed that fatal arrow, I grabbed the gun in my right and the sword in my left. I fired two quick shots at the charging men and they dropped, but three were still standing and flanking me.  As one circled to get behind me, a gunshot from the back yard rang out and the man dropped. The other barely took notice as they advanced to the point that I had to engage them in battle. The archers had returned their attention to me, already having reached into their quivers to pull another arrow.
Steve and Travis had advanced to the line of the forest.
“Not too far to hit now, are you, bitch?—oh shit,” Travis said, noticing that I was in the middle of a sword fight with two men.
Steve fired a shot, then Travis; they both pulled back on the bolt and another round went into the chamber.
Two archers fell but all of those that remained never took their attention off me.
One swords’ man swung and caught me across the chest but the wound was shallow, as I had been backing up. The second advanced, hopping toward me now that I was wounded. With the momentum of my backward stagger, I ducked low to the ground—BANG BANG the shots rang out from behind me (I don’t know who shot) and both hit the advancing swords’ man in the chest, propelling him backward into half the line of the archers.
The second swords’ man gained his bearing with just enough time to see my sword slash at his leg. As his body fell, I grabbed him and used him to shield me from the arrows fired by the remaining archers. One hit me in the calf and I howled in pain, the others thumping into the swords’ man’s back. Reaching my left arm out from under the side of the half-conscious but dying swords’ man’s body, I fired at every moving body ahead of me.
The clip went empty…
Nothing was approaching, nothing moving…
I finally felt safe enough to go into shock from the massive amount of blood I had lost in such a short period of time.
There were fading glimpses of Steve and Travis saving my life in the light of a burning house. They were forced to move me closer to the fire in order to see better. The house was blazing and I kept my eyes on it. The air was still and the fire rose straight up without swaying much. The flames danced as always, shuffling and flicking out, shaking and nodding and licking the black air. My eyes would flutter and they would pull smelling salts from the supply bag I had ordered Travis to grab before the fight, wafting it under my nose to keep me conscious.
In the moment after the smelling salts, there was a vivid image in my memory of whatever I was staring at:
The house slowly collapsing in on itself.
Embers in the air.
Travis crying.
And there’s a brief memory after they stopped the bleeding. It stays with me because both men took a hand, both sitting on either side of me, and they waited for me to die.
I didn’t find this out until later but I had lost so much blood that there was little hope I would survive. Steve had pumped me full of morphine from the supply bag and, while the bleeding had stopped, shock from the blood loss was surely to kill me before I ever reached a hospital. Steve had decided that the next time I dozed off, he would let me sleep.
And I did doze off again…
But Travis refused and put the salts under my nose.
The next memory I have is of the helicopter that took me to safety.
The next after that is of a rain smattered window—refocusing—Steve and Travis were finally allowed to visit me in the hospital.
When I thanked them in my raspy voice, they told me the Dingane saved me – the mercenary that Bartleby had hired to kill me, the one that had outsourced the job to these goddamn bandits, the one with the South African flag tattooed to his scalp – Dingane the mercenary had been the one to radio the helicopter. He had apparently remained in the area to track the bandits and find their leader and hideout – Charne later told me he had absolutely despised the group, following a safe distance behind them to find their ship so he could pillage it before killing them.
Steve whispered one other thing in my ear before both gave me a sad nod and left.
Once they were gone, the nurse corrected their statement:
“They absolutely saved your life.”
When she said this, I wasn’t paying attention, instead focused on the last thing Steve had whispered:
“Sensei Ki-Jo was…hit with several arrows. Some of the swords’ man survived and fled and…when they left…they took his head with them. And we couldn’t find their leader.”


the siege on philadelphia
(part one – the lead up)


NEW YORK – 5:00 A.M. MONDAY
David wakes to a phone ring – the woman on the line says it’s a 5:00 a.m. wake up call on Monday, August 20th.
He brings his legs around the side and shuffles his way around the room, clothing himself minimally before strapping on shoes and walking down into the lobby. He enters the cab. The cab takes him through the blue dawn streets of New York, pre-rush hour. It’s quiet and the lights are sad, as if they’re slowly realizing they’re no longer necessary in the new blossoming world; relics. The cab arrives at the building and David gets out.
Revolving doors. Escalator. Elevator. Cute doctor.
And she escorts him back.
The surgery ends two relatively painless hours later.
David sits up, a bit groggy. The anesthetic had been local but they gave him nitrous oxide at his request. His head feels as if it’s in a vise again, gauze stuffed on either side of his head.
“How did it go?” he hoarsely hollers, startling the doctor.
The doctor’s thin red lips wiggle.
David doesn’t hear her in the least; her face is happy, which is a good sign.
He gives her a questioning thumbs up.
Then, to his surprise, she signs to him:
“Congratulations. You are going to be fine.”
“Really?” he answers, joining her smile.
“Both ears should make a full recovery within the next two weeks.”
“Fantastic. Yay. Thank you so much.”
“You cannot go to loud events. You cannot ride on an airplane or climb a mountain – do not drastically change barometric pressure. Ears need to begin strengthening again.”
“Thank you so much.”
“Don’t take the bandages off for at least a day – replace them if your ears continue bleeding. Pus and wax will also need to be cleaned out on a regular basis.”
“Gross. Thank you very much.”


JONESBORO – 10:14 P.M. SUNDAY
Chris and Lizzy get a hotel in Arkansas. It has adjacent beds and she’s laying down, over the covers and in her pajamas, while Chris sits on the edge of his bed, cutting away at his toenails. She asks him, “Read me something.”
Chris stops and looks at her, not-quite-but-almost-flabbergasted.
“Huh?…read you what?” he sorta mumbles, turning his head to survey reading material in the room.
“I don’t know. Anything. I miss my dad and when he reads to me, it makes me feel better.”
Lizzy had been sullen after the stop in the flooded town. Knowing there was a ghost town of forgotten and abandoned lives and homes that just got flooded one day because the government felt it was economically viable was nothing short of upsetting; what if they just started deleting places just ‘cause it was economic. And it also made her miss her home, and her father, that much more. She felt incomplete and wanted to see him or even hear his voice, but it had been hard. She tried briefly but there was some sort of problem with his ears and he was going to have to wait to talk and hear her.
“Pickle, do you remember…it’s so long ago. Me an’ you’er in a nice hotel like this when you’er ‘bout four. Yer daddy was in the hospital and your uncle had to leave town an’ I’as watching you. And we stayed in a hotel an’ you kept sayin’, ‘Read me the horror book.’ And I didn’t have it. You did it every night for three nights ‘til yer daddy got released. You remember that, Pickle?”
“No…” she has the look of concentrating too hard.
Chris finishes with his toes. He brushes the clippings onto the floor. Lizzy lets out a disgusted noise.
“They’ll vacuum tomorrow.”
He opens the television guide.
“I’d rather read this than the New Testament.” He begins skimming the pages. “Let’s see…


Here’s somethin’. It’s called the Story of April Mae Junebug. Comes on…tomorrow night.


What’s it about?


It’s ‘bout…an hour and a half long. [laughs alone] Your daddy would’ve found that funny.
So The Story of April Mae Junebug…


Starts happy enough, when a young boy finds a nice girl that’s a little bit older than him. He sort of…tricks her into thinkin’ he’s older. And they become friends but they become friends secretly.
Why?
Well, ‘cause she’s from a better neighborhood. Same reason as always. Different families, different…lives. An’ everyone thinks the little boy is odd since he…he likes girl stuff, likes plays and romance and dressing up and stuff like that—when all the other boys are out beating each other up and climbin’ and gettin’ into trouble.


Your acent is fading.
Yeah, it does that, pickle.
Anyway, the girl – April Mae Junebug – she agrees to meet him near her house, out in a field nearby. So they begin camping together and having fun and they never, you know…smooch or nothin’ gross, they just hang out an’ talk.
One thing they always talk about is the Gerlock – it was a monster that lived in the forest around her house. Every week the boy would make up some scary story about what the Gerlock was doing that week, what little boys he was eating. Sometimes it would be funny and the Gerlock would have taken the week off to go visit his monster cousins, or he’d have eaten Timmy Treble, the nasty choir boy from the church. Sometimes he’d spend the week watching cartoons.
Sometimes the lil’ boy would tell the girl a scary story about him and she’d curl up near him. Eventually he told her nothing but scary stories so she’d curl a little closer – he got really good at it, actually – but after some of the scarier ones, it got hard for her to walk home in the dark.


Anyway, one night…the police find them.
The little boy’s mother called ‘em when she found her son was gone. And they pickt him up and brought him home and she…well, she was meaner than ever to him. She didn’t like the girl or her “uppity” family. She didn’t like the boy sneakin’ out, which was more like other boys than anything else he did.
She just didn’t like the boy, I think.


[ends]
That’s the end?


No-no-no.
The boy decides to leave forever but he doesn’t tell the girl. He just says he has to go for a short time and that he’ll be back. But he asks her to do one thing for him.
[waits; builds suspense]
Okay, what?
There was a post in her back yard and he asked her to put a stuffed animal on it while he was gone. He didn’ wanna scare her so much an’ then leave, so he let her know – if there was one thing the Gerlock hated, it was stuffed animals.
Purple bein’ his least favorite.


Uncle Chris, this is so obviously you. We saw that post yesterday.
You’re too smart for me, pickle. Though the first time we did this—
When I was four?
Yeah, when you were four you didn’t figure it out, smarty pants.
What did you tell me then?
Um…I think I told you the sequel to The Story of April Mae Junebug.
But that’s enough for tonight.
Bedtime.


JOHANNESBURG – 2:07 A.M. MONDAY
When I board the plane home, it’s a charter.
Fuck first class.
I had expected to be home by Monday morning but had stayed to recruit. The plane fits the twelve of us nicely (which is saying a lot, considering all of the men besides myself are bulky rough necks) and I have plenty of room to video conference with Augustus.
“Yeah?” Augustus answers without any affectation.
He’s in his room, in his chair, and wearing the same outfit as when I left three days earlier. I doubt he’s showered or moved much since I left, as I tend to hound him on hygiene while Steve and Travis avoid him at all costs, opting to talk on conference; if it weren’t for me, Augustus would never move for the entirety of a job and he’d never be seen in person.
“First – shower,” I tell him.
He groans like I told a bad joke.
“How did it go?” he asks, suspiciously.
“Like I thought it would.”
He overhears commotion behind me.
“Who else gonna be joinin’ the party?” he asks, even more suspiciously.
My eyes lift over the computer to the South African flag tattooed to the side of Dingane’s scalp; his eyes had grown tired over the years but his body had never seemed more dangerous, his grimace a constant series of lines circling his mouth. Him and his men are scattered around the plane, some of them lying in the large isles or resting on two joined seats with their legs over the side.
“An old…associate. Next, I want you to shut down your operation immediately—understand?” I interrupt as Augustus tries to object and continue on without a response from him. “Good. Disconnect all lines, all drives, everything by noon. What time is it there?”
“Nine a.m.”
“Start packing it up now – I don’t trust the location, we’re gonna move for preparation. Tomorrow is still a go. Okay? Disconnect. Sit around, eat a twinkie…” he’s already unwrapping one, “…and I’ll be there in a few hours.”
As he starts to say something, I disconnect.
From an airline phone, I call the number of a prepaid phone.
“Finally,” Steve answers. “We’re pretty confident there’s only four. Unless they went to Kensington or something—but that doesn’t fit, your theory fits. They’re all along the Broad Street rail line. North Philly, the one near China Town and Market East, the one near Spring Garden by Vine, and the last one’s near Walnut and Locust. All of the places are right along that one line and most of them are around two. The El. Patco. Regional.”
It appeared that, out of all the maps we found, one had (very purposely) been let to slip through the cracks: Mans el-Ray Pasquale had been watching the subway routes.
“Do we know why they’ve waited?” I ask.
This was the one question that remained: Why hadn’t they just done it already?
“Only thing we’ve found so far is a convention Wednesday—it seems likely even though I don’t understand it. But, this is probably the event. Like you say, no coincidences, right? Senator Atwater is making an appearance Wednesday afternoon at the Convention Center.”
“Subway tunnel runs right under it?”
“Yeah. But why organize all of this? If the Senator is behind this, what is it? A fake attack?”
I let out a loud breath of air.
“What?” he asks.
“Just a theory. Wealthy Senator knows about trillions off the Iranian coast based on the research of a mining company he owns part of.” Pause, thinking. “Has a bill to clear the embargo in Iran. And then he contacts people…” pause, thinking, “…to help him, contacts the Seven Devil Nation somehow. They—they agree to help him based on the information he’s brought – but their help is to help the whole, right?” I ask myself, working out the details. “So they handle it. When he’s assassinated, by Iranians, the bill will pass. The water will be free. The man at the forefront to reap the benefits will be dead. And the Seven Devil Nation will have the jump on billions.”
“Maybe,” he says, thinking through it quickly and dismissing it. “Doesn’t matter why. All that matters is when and how.”
“And Steve, please make sure you have enough Hacker-plus-plus for eleven more men?”
“Funny,” he laughs.
“I wasn’t joking.”


BROOKLYN – 4:19 A.M. TUESDAY
And at 4:19 a.m. Tuesday morning, David is shot from out of Fort Hamilton.
So many people talked to him in preparation for the flight; he caught little of it and had practically no idea what was being said 90% of the time. The day prior, as he recovered in his hotel room, David had tried to work out all the details from Shepard how Dawlish Publishing could acquire access to a military aircraft on such short notice. Shepard had explained it repeatedly but the only words David could ever really tell he was saying were NEPOTISM and MONEY; he just assumed that someone had an “in” with the army and paid a fair amount of money for this privilege. There was the sneaking suspicion that Shepard had, on a few attempts, said something along the lines of “testing new equipment” and that it wasn’t the military but “contractors that built military aircraft.” At the sight of David’s panicked face, though, he returned to NEPOTISM and MONEY.
Terror had filled David when he saw the aircraft and the safety precautions, especially those related to an ejection mid-flight, which were absolutely horrifying. As he climbed into the back cockpit of a “something-something-A79” (maybe?), and two men on either side strapped and tethered him tightly to the seat, his nerves caused him to nearly vomit. The fear escalated exponentially every second leading up to the engines starting. Once the cockpit had closed, locking him in with the pilot in front, and the engines rumbled soundlessly – the whole of the craft’s body shaking gently, as if purring – David felt a warm feeling fill his body, like a tiny burning star in his belly; the trip would be alright, he decided, no matter what. And it was too late now.
He had to get to London.
He had to find Kate.
He had to win her back.
There was no other option.
So, at 4:19 a.m. the aircraft took a running leap off the runway traveling faster than David had ever or would ever again travel in his life.


ST. LEWIS – 9:30 P.M. MONDAY
Monday is the long drive to St. Lewis, Missouri.
Chris and Lizzy made one short stop in Jefferson City for lunch. It didn’t feel like it had the same impact as the other stops had on Chris’ adventure. They ate at a nice restaurant and Chris mentioned that Jefferson City (or just outside of it) had been where his father’s family had been from but, in all the years, he had never tracked down a living relative; they had vanished like cockroaches to the light.
After the sandwich, he gave Lizzy the option to stay but she declined, wanting to head to St. Lewis. They arrived at the arch near nightfall and, once again, get a fancy hotel room.
“What’s in St. Lewis?” Lizzy asks, mid-brushing her teeth.
She drools toothpaste onto the carpet.
Chris laughs.
“Ain’t much, really. ‘Cept it’s a few hours to Livingston County in Illinois…”


Isn’t that where that girl lived?
[finishes; gets in bed]


It is. We’re gonna go to a little commune that used ta be there. I don’ know—I hope it’s still there, I ain’t been there since I’as twelve.


Tell me what happened to the old man and his daughter!
Eh, that one’s a bit sad.
Why don’t I tell you the otha’ half to April Mae Junebug?
[thinking] What story did you tell me when I was four?
That one, I think.
I don’t think you did. I…there’s like, I sort of—
Nope, it’as that one. How ‘bout I tell you the story of the place where we’re going?
Mmmmm…okay.


So the police picked me up an’ I’as just a twelve year old boy, lyin’ through’is teeth. ‘Cause I got picked up in another state, the police couldn’t verify much of my information – which’as lucky, ‘cause they’d’ve found me lying though my teeth pretty damn quick.
So they sent me to Illinois but, since they couldn’t find my parents—I told ‘em my parents’re dead and that I left but they knew it wasn’t true and, since I didn’t tell ‘em about my real mother, they shipped me to a commune in the state of Illinois.
And when they shipt me upstate, it was in convoy with prison convicts.
Extraditing convicts to other states.
It was surreal.
I got to sit up front with the driver and there was mesh between us and the guys in back but they kept tryin’ to talk to me and—I mean, big, muscly, scary men were back there crying and plea…[realizes it’s inappropriate]


Anyways, they took me ta this little area where’n there was a new state program where orphaned kids could work together in an environment where they built shelter and grew crops.
It’as called Illinois Outreach. The commune was called Upashamus.
They called it that ‘cause the person that ran it had been there a long time, taking in kids and helpin’ ‘em while their parents’re located and so on, like an orphanage but with more teambuilding. Guy’s name was Shamus and everyone would always say, “Take ‘em up ta Shamus.”
Anyway, that’s where…
[lizzy snores softly]


PHILADELPHIA – 2:15 P.M. TUESDAY
The charter plane pulls up onto a private runway where two stretched Hummers wait for us. The drivers to both open the door for us…then stop, both of them gawking at the eleven hulking men and me.
We split and pile in.
They already have the address to the destination, something I don’t even have. We travel the way there and, even with two stretched Hummers, the insides to both are crammed with people and supplies. Muscles and body odor and sweat fill the interiors immediately following the closing of the door. We open all windows but it doesn’t much help. The driver sections us off.
All of the men are mid-waking, having slept most of the flight to prepare.
They’re dressed similarly, in dark green or black. I told them that, if there was a need for anything more than what I had already bought everyone, I knew where I could find a Russian arms dealer with an impressive arsenal.
There’s only one rule:
No deaths.
We arrive at the destination in the far south portion of Philadelphia, near the water front. It’s an abandoned boat house for larger vessels. From the outside pulling up, the exterior is intimidating. About forty feet high, tin, with rusted orange spreading from every crevice and crack. There’s a window near the top but, otherwise, it’s only an amazingly large garage door and a teeny tiny door (by comparison) for people.
The lot in front of the boat house is wide open and empty. Grass and weeds grow between cracks in an otherwise endless sea of pavement. In the distance, there’s an active ship yard with a large amount of shipping containers.
We get out of the hummers and stretch, everyone (except me) grabbing their duffle bag of clothes and whatever supplies. We enter through the unlocked front door as both stretched Hummers hightail it out of the yard behind us.
Steve and Travis meet us in the first room past the door. The room has a long table with old dirty, rusted chairs on either side and a ton more stacked against the back corner. The room leads along half the yard, opening without a wall or divider at the edge of the massive front garage doorway; there’s a large rectangle of water just past the windows lining the opposite side of this conference room, long, wide passageways on either side leading to the second massive garage doorway, where ships could dock from the ocean.
The place tastes like iron when we enter the air.
The lights are a dim yellow, most of them flickering.
Steve and Travis rise from sitting on the floor; they’ve obviously been waiting for some time. The large table – about the size of four picnic tables combined – is partially covered by maps, pictures, markers, transit lines, and so on.
“Where are we gonna set our shit?” one of them men asks.
“Uh…anywhere you want. We unpack when this is done.”
The men look disappointed.
“Just drop your shit – I’m not paying four hundred thousand for you to be comfortable. Show me you’re worth it,” my attention is mainly on Dingane, who stares emotionlessly back, “We need you up to speed.”
Dingane nods as if he expected nothing less.
“Where’s the hacker?” I ask Steve and he points to a bag.
“Let me talk to you a moment,” he says, pulling me aside.
“Can it wait?” I ask, annoyed; every second counts now.
“It’ll take just a moment.”
I follow Steve just out of earshot.
“Are you sure giving these men the hacker is a good idea?”
“Yeah,” I assure him. “We’ll isolate each one when they do it. If they show – I don’t know, psychotic fits or something, we’ll stop. But they need to try it if it’s going to make them that much more proficient.”
“Alright. I also made this for you.” Steve hands me a little tube like the normal ones, tiny and shaped like a cigarette, except this one’s colored red. “This is…something new. Different.”
“Okay. What is it?” I ask, looking at it.
“Well, imagine if the hacker embellishes intelligence and focus and so on?” I nod. “Okay, well, this one does something similar except it embellishes, say…anger and violence. Or adrenaline, yeah. It turns you into a mo’fuckin’ wreckin’ ball.” He’s trying to sound tough but it comes off as odd and slightly humorous.
“Why…” I look at it, “…would you create something like that?”
“Accident, I guess. I already had something similar that was an accident but I tweaked it a bit, made it stronger in some ways. I want you to have it since you’re already…the fighter, I guess. This is for a situation like that one outside Sensei Ki-Jo’s house. If you…find yourself up against a wall, maybe facing another army, you take this and you’ll…you’ll be damn near unstoppable for about twenty minutes. And it’s one-time-use only so…use it wisely.”
“Okay…thanks, I guess. We need to start.”


LONDON – 12:30 P.M. TUESDAY
David is on a street in London.
The aircraft ride had been exhilarating, causing David to do everything from scream with excitement to vomit into his little airsick bag. It had flown over the ocean with such speed that the landscape appeared to be unmoving. The ocean – miles and miles and horizon to horizon – David could sympathize with his brother’s feelings about the ocean as a vast, breathing entity; then they landed and David vomited so hard the bag fell from his hands and the puke landed all over his front.
He had cleaned himself repeatedly and again once he reached the hotel in Mayfair. Bored with the clothes he packed, David decided to leave and head out to the shops in order to buy new clothes and cologne but it never seemed to get the feeling of puke off him.
So he walks the London streets, passing shop after shop.
Since he’s early and the signing doesn’t start until 2:00 p.m., David takes several detours and becomes lost while window shopping. There are numerous stores and he wanders until finding the exact one he had hoped to find.
He exits the store forty-five minutes later, pocketing his new purchase.
Strolling leisurely, David passes an old woman with a weird expression on her face. She stares at him, passing with a crook eye. He becomes uncomfortably aware that he may still smell like vomit; or, it could be the gauze packed into his ears. Without a second glance, he continues on until, maybe half-a-block later, a young woman gives him a similarly odd look.
She approaches and David’s face grows concerned.
The woman reacts instinctively, waving her hands as if to say she’s not going to hurt him; it must be the gauze. Maybe injured people get different treatment in London. He nods as if everything’s fine but, looking back the way he’d come, he sees the old woman following him. This startles him a moment and he turns to continue on when the young woman nearby reaches out to touch his arm.
David breaks into a sprint.
He runs the remaining block and turns the corner. As his head turns to look back, he smashes into something big and fluffy – a towering man in a large overcoat with tiny, out-perking ears. The man bends down and gives David a hand to pull him up. As David stands, the man’s face changes; first squinting, then recognition.
Ahead of the towering man is long line.
The line stretches a block and leads into a nearby store.
The two women catch up to David, both with a look of concern on their faces. They talk but David points to the gauze, still trying to look down the line leading into the store. People further up the line have turned around, leaning between one another to whisper, watching the incident unfold.
It’s glaringly apparent that David is causing a scene.
David goes to move his arm to his ears when it smacks against an outstretched arm – the young woman is smiling, her hand extended to shake, graciously.
David’s eyes dart, wary and uncertain, his head on a swivel.
Finally, he takes the woman’s hand and shakes it. She places her other hand on top as if to bless the greeting.
Throughout the line, people clutch blinks and blips of something familiar, a familiar yellow and orange. Dazed, his eyes focus on one close to him. It’s a copy of the book Captain Rivet & the Fantastic Ambruister. Some of the onlookers point at David, most smile, most nod appreciatively. Some catch David’s wild, confused gaze and give an alarmed look in return.
His face relaxes as he accepts that he’s not in danger; though still thoroughly confused, he gives a mild wave to everyone in line.
And he can’t hear it but there’s an uproarious applause from the crowd.


PHILADELPHIA – 10:00 P.M.TUESDAY
Steve, Travis, and I synchronize the time on our prepaid cell phones. Our phones and Bluetooth devices have long since been tossed into the water far from our new location. No one knew where we were, and there was no tracking us from here on out.
We stand outside a moment and nod.
Travis and Steve kiss goodbye while I look out to the black of the water.
No one says anything, it’s all nods and Travis engaging us with fist bumps.
And we head off on our separate ways.
…Travis ventures with a group of two others to the four specific entry points in the underground water systems…
(He has to venture down there personally as he’s the only one with any baring of the labyrinthine sewer system, as well as the only person able to use the piece of equipment he’s modified to get through specific seal breaks in each individual buildings’ water filtration system and administer into each one a single fluid ounce of the thick pink liquid Steve had synthesized in the Drexel lab (with my help): It’s a compound that, when diluted with water, boiled, then drank, would result in a sleeplike paralysis within an hour; that, coupled with Travis’ finding the water passageways from the Public Works building, and we were administering a sedative into the water supply. Three of the four buildings were imprecise and had varying damage radiuses, where anyone that boiled tap water for coffee, tea, or anything else would have less than an hour before falling unconscious: the North Philly location had a damage radius of about 50 meters, including the second floor apartments, the pizza shop, and the book store; the location near China Town and the one near Walnut and Locust had a smaller radius of less than 15 meters, the chemical and water system precise to a select few outlets, most of which either unused or in the target destination; and the Spring Garden location had only one source of incoming water, and it strictly went to the target. We hadn’t had enough time to get cameras into each individual location and were unsure if every one of the three identical locations had coffee at the same time as the first location – in the end, the possible risk of casualties (if someone drove shortly after imbibing the liquid) was only a few percentage points less than the possible benefits of drugging everyone in the building; since we had time, and the math was sound, Travis’ objective was more a hopeful backup, a preemptive strike to render those unconscious in each building before the groups entered.)
…Steve goes back to the hotel to clean up the mess…
…And I enter the Center City Police Department and approach the front desk.
“I was told that I was wanted for questioning.”
“Name,” the older, balding front desk officer asks.
After I give my name and he types a moment, he asks me to take a seat.
After waiting thirty-five minutes, a young officer wearing plain-yet-fashionable clothes approaches and asks me to follow him back to an office. I pass the cubicles clustered in the center of the large foyer, several of which are overcrowded with people in handcuffs, half of the shackled people loudly insisting, pleading, justifying, and saying whatever else they can to exonerate themselves.
The plain clothes officer leads me to a back enclosed office and shuts the door behind us. The office isn’t occupied full-time as there are no pictures, no computer, no cabinets, the desk cleaned but for some coffee stains. I take a seat and the officer does the same behind the desk, slapping a manila folder onto the table.
“So why are you here?” he asks in a dominant yet dismissive way.
“An officer from my town told me I was wanted for questioning here in Philadelphia but he—I don’t know what it’s about, I just wanted to clear it up.” My voice is calm and upbeat; it seems that the friendlier and happier I am, the easier it is to act oblivious to details and remain believable; the moment I let my chin lower and gaze into someone’s eyes – reading them, knowing them – while speaking in my normal “robot” tone (as David and Chris sometimes call it), people often see me for the intelligent, manipulative person I can sometimes be.
“Well, there’s nothing much. You were wanted for questioning in a robbery and attempted homicide in your residence but we never found you—just says you left the country, doesn’t even…” he looks through the papers in the folder closer, “…doesn’t even say where you went.”
He looks up at me.
“I left to check on investments and stayed for a bit,” I answer in the space he provides me to fill in the blanks. “My bro and I figured the robbers knew I was leaving but didn’t know my bro was staying with me. I didn’t even find out for weeks after and by then, my bro had recovered and the men had been captured—or found, whatever. It didn’t seem important to come back just for that.”
He makes a thoughtful “Huhn” noise moving his eyes between me and the folder.
I pull my phone from my pocket and begin unconsciously flipping it over and over in my hands.
“How’s your brother?” he asks finally.
“Good—opp,” I say, almost dropping my phone to the ground. “Close. Yeah, my bro and I run a school together south of here.”
“Where?”
“Georgia. Is that all this was about? My bro being wounded?”
“No, there was some stuff about an arson…” he reads, “…but it’s been closed now, forever ago it looks like. And the people that robbed you and shot your brother were found dead shortly after the robbery so it’s been closed for years now, too…”
“So…are we done?” I ask.
“Looks like it. This’ll be taken off the…computer system, I guess – I’m surprised someone mentioned this to you. Actually, I’m surprised I found it – took thirty minutes to find our old computer logs. We switched the system two years back. You say you teach in Georgia?”
I nod.
“And an officer in Georgia told you that you were wanted for questioning? In Philadelphia?”
If I hadn’t already figured it out, this would have been the point when I would have realized that I had been betrayed.
“Yeah…why?”
“It’s just—there’s almost no way someone could have told the officer unless they gave him the contents of this folder,” he holds it up, “this exact one right here. Because it hasn’t been registered on our new file system, which means it hasn’t been relevant for at least two years. And no one has this folder but me, right now. I didn’t find this on our computer system and crimes of this nature aren’t shared between states unless it’s FBI or we’re extraditing for something serious but…we weren’t actively pursuing you in any sense, at all. If you hadn’t come here, we’d never have known.”
He closes the folder.
“Oh well. Tell the officer in Georgia the case is closed. Waste of both our time.”
His face shrinks with irritation, as if he had expected this to end with an arrest, and he gets up to escort me out. As I stand to follow him, my phone drops off my lap; it shatters into several pieces, scattering across the floor and under the desk.
“Shit, sorry,” I say, bending to pick up the pieces.
“Find your way out, Mr. Ridley. Have a nice…” the officer says, more annoyed at the time I’m wasting. He rounds the corner, giving me ample time to plant the square metal EMP emitter right under the empty desk.


LIVINGSTON COUNTY – 3:45 P.M. TUESDAY
The area looks barren, deserted. There’s a large field overgrown with weeds, one that hasn’t been plowed in close to a decade. There’s a collapsed two-story house on the opposite side of what was once a farm, unchecked honey locust lining the parameter of the area. Chris pulls the car to the side of the road, stepping out onto the waving grass between the road and the derelict farm. The passenger door opens and Lizzy hops out, following. There are darkening storm clouds filling the sky in the distance and the wind is beginning to pick up speed; it’s not distracting yet, the sky overhead a ceiling of white cloud, but rain is on its way. It appears to be a passing thunderstorm, violent and quick.
“Lizzy, there’s—I…I would like to talk to you for a moment.”
Lizzy looks at him, anxious.
Lightning strikes the ground in the far off horizon.
Thunder softly bellows from over four miles away.
She crosses her arms in front of her, defensive against the storm.
Chris pushes his hair behind his ear, the nervous habit when he doesn’t know what to say.
“I’ve…I’ve never been much of anything until I met you, pickle. You look at this place—I loved this place. The people here. I learned to play two songs on a Spanish guitar. Met girls, made friends. I met Traycee’s pop here – he worked here one summer and he offered to take me back to his home, back down to ‘Bama to finish school…”
It starts to sprits a small amount of rain mist, as if a humid fog surrounds them.
“Pickle, I ain’t never done much good. I tried but it just—it never seemed to come natural, never amounted to nothin’. And I need you to know…” the wind picks up a small amount but it carries the cool rainy mist, “…I’m…never gonna leave you.”
He finds himself unable to tell her.
“Great!” she says sarcastically, giving a thumbs up and then motioning to the car.
“No, pickle. Here,” he motions to a dead tree stump, “take a seat. There’s a conversation I’ve been meaning to have with you since I first met you.”
“When I was four?” she asks.
“No, I lied. I actually met you when you were a tiny baby…


You’er mother introduced us when you was a few months old.
She uh, she wanted me to meet you.
Why?
Because…she wanted me to meet…her daughter.


[laugh; pause]
What?
This trip…I wanted you to come ‘cause I wanted you to know me—I didn’t know my pop. I asked your daddy to let me take you—I wanted to take you on this trip so you could…I don’t know, so you could know me. And…and if something happens tomorrow or the next day, I want you to remember me.
I’ve just, there’s so much I want to say to you…


[lizzy reaches up as if instinctively knowing her mother’s involved in the conversation]
My broach! The hairpin my mommy gave me – it’s gone!
Okay, okay, calm down. Where was the last time—
Camping. When you made me go camping in that stupid—we have to go back! [begins crying hysterically] I just wanna go home! I miss my daddy…[has more but stops]
How about we go back to Alabama.
Let’s get your hairclip.


[walks over, puts arm around her; balls into his shoulder]
It’ll be okay, pickle.
It’ll be okay. I promise.


PHILADELPHIA – 3:59 A.M. WEDNESDAY
The Center City Police Department dispatch computers blink twice and turn black. The two dispatchers switch their computers off and on; it begins to boot up again, blinks twice, and shuts off. The main area is mostly empty, an officer at the front and another at his desk; their computers blink twice as well, then turn black.
(Travis tried to find ways to theoretically improve the EMP pulse emitter during the short time he had to test it, but there was nothing to find: it was the first time I ever heard him describe something as structurally and conceptually flawless. Since I couldn’t use Augustus and his resources, the mercenaries [at an outrageous cost] introduced me to a trades’ dealer selling black market Asian technology, and the trades’ dealer introduced me to a device called the E.M.P. C.P.U. Disruptor; the size of a phone battery and silver. He said a continuous pulse would disrupt the CPU chip in any modern computer motherboard within a 30 meter radius for ten minutes exactly; the best feature was that it left no damage to the computer – the pulse would just cease to emit – so people often dismissed it as a momentary glitch.)
The dispatchers switch their computers off and on once more to the same results, then use the landline to call nearby districts to see if they’re encountering problems; no one is. Since there aren’t any sparks, the electricity is fine, and I.T. is asleep, Center City dispatch hub is rerouted temporarily to the surrounding districts farther north and west while they alert the Sergeant, who’s on patrol.
Ten minutes pass and, miraculously, the computers reboot normally.
As the dispatch computers function once more, three calls prompt the board one after the other, and all three describe similar disturbances even though they’re blocks apart:
“Think someone’s playin’ with firecrackers. They’sa loud eksplosion. Then I saws a man come out and it lookt like he was’a shot in the belly or somethin’ maybe ‘cause it was dark, ya know,” and, “Think someone kickt in the door next door or somethin’, there’sa loud bang done woke me up an’ people shufflin’ ‘round there,” and, “Them damn kids’er thrownin’ firecrackers at my door—” to which the dispatcher asked:
“Are you sure it was a firecracker and not a gunshot?”
“Honey, I live in Philadelphia. I think I know the difference.”


LONDON – 3:30 P.M.TUESDAY
David’s hand gets a cramp.
He started the signing early and all staff had been divided between the front registers or dealing with David and the crowd. Without asking, they consistently brought him tea and finger sandwiches, always with an exceptionally bright smile. Book after book arrives in front of him. There’s a bin of notecard-sized blank paper attached to a large sign just before the front of the line, reading:


David Ridley is dealing with a personal issue and will be unable to hear any requests. If you have a request, please write it on a slip of paper before approaching.


People hand him notecards and most ask for simple dedications; a lot of women (and a fair amount of men) write their phone numbers for him to keep, some with descriptions of what they would do if he called. A mother and young child about Lizzy’s age step up and David gives them a beaming smile. They don’t hand him a card so he signs his name and adds a best wishes. As he hands the book back, the young girl starts hopping excitedly but, as David realizes, not for him. She’s staring out the large window overlooking the street. Her mother tries to scold her but her attention is also drawn to the window. There’s a camera flashing outside the window and David looks over.
A group of camera men snap photos behind what looks like a tiny floating person…it takes a moment to see that Kate is standing outside the bookstore’s front window, a crowd of paparazzi surrounding her…it takes another moment to see that she’s holding up a blue infant onesy outfit and pressing it against the glass…it takes another moment to understand that she’s holding baby clothes against the window…and crying…the paparazzi snap more and more photos behind her but she ignores them and they catch the stupid look on David’s face while he figures out what’s going on…slowly, gradually, as if unaware where his hand is reaching, he pulls the ring he had bought only hours before at the jewelry store down the street…he opens the case, the mystified look frozen on his face…setting it carefully on the table, his eyes never leaving her face, he turns the ring toward her…she can’t see the particulars but she can tell it’s a ring…and David takes the ring, stands, walks in a dumbfounded, zombie-type shuffle over to the window, bends to take a knee, and even with the glass between them, he offers her the ring…tears pour down her cheeks and she nods her head up and down, her eyes closed and her face covered by a bittersweet smile…she runs around the front and in through the door, past the line, and directly into David’s arms, where they embrace passionately, kissing for all the paparazzi to photograph from outside the store.


PHILADELPHIA – SIX YEARS EARLIER
In a hotel room in Philadelphia, Chris Young lets four-year-old Elizabeth Marie Dawson curl up against him while he looks into a TV Guide and tells her this story:
This is better than the horror book – let’s see…Okay…Simpsons are on later. And I Love Lucy.
That’s not’a story.
Sorry, you’re right. Okay, pickle. There’s something coming on called…April Mae Junebug. And it’s about a young couple—
Princess and Prince?
Sure. Princess April Mae Junebug. And Prince Elee. And they know each other all throughout their childhood and they become best friends but then, one day, the evil Queen scares the Prince away.


Prince Elee travels far away.
And he does many things.
He fights in the Army and he starts many lives. But every life that Prince Elee starts – whether it be a…fisherman or carpenter or…student, filmmaker…no matter what life he picks, it’s never right. And he leaves.
People always miss Prince Elee but the Prince can’t ever settle.
And, one day, he decides he needs to find the Princess, that he’s strong enough to win her back and keep her.


So, on this one day, he returns to his old kingdom and finds everything’s practically the same.
Except, for one, the evil Queen’s gone.
So Prince Elee finds his Princess April Mae Junebug and he tells her, “I’ve loved you since the day I met you. Will you spend the rest of your life with me?”
And Princess April Mae Junebug says yes.
And they [checks lizzy, she’s already sleeping] don’t live happily ever after. Because he leaves again. They love each other and it’s awesome but…as always, he’s irresponsible and one day he gets bored and he just leaves. He’s just so used to leaving – it’s easy. As he always does. But you know what, pickle?
That’s one decision he regrets…out of every life he left, every person abandoned, he always misses Princess April Mae Junebug. He can’t have her back – it ain’t in the cards, but he misses her every day. And he wishes he were different – that he hadn’t grown to be so unreliable, so irresponsible…
And now that I have you, I’m not gonna ever leave you again.
I will not regret any more.


[caress her hair; tears well]
Your mother and I were…
I’d probably regret it if she hadn’t been the one to leave me.
I had no choice – she left. Straight up vanished. And it was sudden and I couldn’t get a hold of her and, it wasn’t ‘till some time later that I found out she had given birth to a beautiful young girl.
She introduced us and I just…
I was happy that she didn’t bother me, didn’t want me around.
And I didn’t bother her.
Hell, I made porn and abandoned everyone I’d ever loved…
She made the right decision.


But…you know, for so long I’ve been looking for something to accomplish. Some amazing feat. Save a ton of lives, prove I’m worth a fuckin’ salt. Be someone. And…and all this time, I never really figured it out until now, until today.
I can be somebody…to you.
I can be somebody to you.


You’re my daughter, pickle.
And I’m never gonna leave you again.


the siege on philadelphia
(part two – the siege)


The four attacks begin at precisely 4:00 a.m.:
Team one, with Dingane plus three, storm North Philly.
Team two, with Steve plus four, storm the Market location.
Team three, with Travis plus four, storm Spring Garden.
Team four, with three plus me, storm Walnut and Locust.
Each team encounters a similar environment with different occupants. The locations always have an open first-floor area; some are apartments, others are just empty floors. Team one finds the area empty while team two finds someone sleeping on the floor. Team three finds one person awake but disoriented from the charges used to blow the lock and hinges on the front door; Travis and the mercenaries fire a series of rubber bullets and the person drops in pain; they zip tie their hands behind their back and their feet together before moving to locate the entrance to the downstairs area. Team four blows the lock and hinges to find two men with semi-automatics waiting behind cover. Myself and one of the burly mercenaries enter last while the other remains flush against the outside wall—BOOM BOOM—and both of us are fired upon and hit, the gun blasts echoing through the small apartment; behind and over us, the two men spray a hail of rubber bullets and litter the enclosed area inside, blowing shallow holes in the walls and causing the lights and outlets to explode sparks.
The third reaches down to pull his friend up first, then myself. The shots had been to our chests, which were covered by Kevlar vests. It hurt and I can feel a broken rib. After the two suited gunmen are strapped with zip ties, we search for the door leading into the downstairs area. The layout of the Walnut and Locust location is nearly the same as the North Philly location, with a narrow hallway from the front door leading to an open room with chairs and tables. The mercenaries go to work checking the walls on either side of the hallway until one of them is greeted with a metallic thump.
The last man brings in the bag and removes more equipment.
Night vision goggles, more charges.
Again, they place charges and we crowd into the open room, crouched against the farthest corner; the explosions go off together and the concussive shock suffocates the air from the room before flooding it with a thick-choking smoke. The men are moving before I’ve gained a sense of balance – the hallway walls are disintegrated and there’s a metal door frame; the door is missing, blown back into a makeshift, dark stairway heading down into even darker territory. One of the mercenaries tosses a concussion grenade down the stairs and there’s a faint thump under the floor. Together, the three men move as a single unit down the stairs and into the room below.
I strap on my night vision goggles and follow behind.
In the green light of the goggles, I see the treasure I’ve sought for days:
There are cages of men unconscious from the concussion grenade, four cages with three men, all of foreign origin. Their bodies hang limp against the mesh wiring of their cages, some upright and slumped like a resting marionette.
The men begin photographing the various maps and details spread across one large workspace cattycorner the cages, which are against the far wall back corner. The rest of the concrete area is empty but for a pantry full of canned and packaged food, and two cots side-by-side, four feet apart, between the wall and the cages.
There is a cave-like exit through the wall beside the cages: the hole was imprecisely created using something like a sledgehammer, with jagged hunks of concrete strewn everywhere and hanging along the top, most of it mixed with brown dirt (which is green in my goggles, as is everything else).
Behind me, the men locate an explosive device – it’s in a metal briefcase.
My head ducks out of the hole in the back – it leads to a narrow passageway that leads out to subway tracks; and I move to the edge of the tracks, searching both directions for the nearest station.
There are lights to one side and not far off.
One of the men grabs me by the collar and drags me back into the room. They’ve finished with their photographs and one of them is holding the metal briefcase. Another of the men sticks an index finger in the air and twirls it, signaling to regroup and disrobe. We remove all of our equipment, goggles, vests, rubber-bullet rifles, and it all goes into the duffle bag that once carried the charges and goggles.
One-by-one we climb the stairs and exit the location.
The warm, fresh air feels amazing, as if I had been in a dungeon for years and we’re only now emerging for freedom, sweet freedom. It’s an odd feeling, as we had only been inside for six minutes and forty-seven seconds.
Two of the men head in different directions once we reach the street; they hail cabs individually and head off toward various routes to lie low until they can leave Philadelphia and the state of Pennsylvania entirely.
The man transporting the explosive device and I take a rental car back to the boatyard location.
On the trip to the rendezvous, I see two cop cars but zero lights.
Everything had gone smoothly…until I reach the shipyard and find a trail of blood leading from one of the four rental cars and in through the front. I can hear noise before entering, something similar to sex: moaning, grunting, and strenuous exertion. I enter through the front door to find Steve covered in blood, looking down at his blood-covered hands and his blood-covered shirt, pacing in disbelief as if he distrusted the reality his eyes were finding. On the table, Travis is sprawled out flat with Dingane and three of his men surrounding on either side, helping.
Steve looks up at me with eyes swollen red and tears pouring down his cheek. He has blood smears on his face and lips, in his hair, and he holds his hands up to me, crying even harder. He approaches and cries into my shoulder, embracing me tightly. My first reaction is shock; my second is to look over at the blood and chaos on the table. Travis’ eyes are wide and terrified as he stares up, avoiding the sight of the wound in his belly. Dingane is on one side of him with a needle, the tip stuck in a vial as he pulls the plunger back and fills it with a clear liquid; one of the men holds Travis’ arm down and Dingane gives him the shot.
Travis gives a startled cough and blood spills from his lips, dripping down his cheek. The men notice but they had already known and, once the shot is in Travis’ bloodstream, the men back away.
Steve’s face is pressed against my shoulder [sobbing, “It went through the vest,” over and over again] and I put my hand on the back of his head, keeping it securely against me, as Dingane gives me a solemn look and shakes his head. Travis’ eyes grow sleepy, half-open, and the panic and terror fades from him.
“He needs his friends,” Dingane’s somber voice makes Steve stop repeating himself and cry harder.
The men leave the boathouse.
Steve sobers as much as he can, wiping his face on my shirt, and he turns around to find Travis’ arm lifted off the table and his hand hanging limp. Steve stifles another sob and walks over, taking Travis’ hand in his. He sits next to him, at his head, and Travis’ turns to look into Steve’s eyes.
I move to the other side and take Travis’ right hand.
Steve gently caresses his thin black hair.
Travis tries to say something but he coughs harder.
“Shhh shush shush,” Steve cries, his voice breaking, “don’t speak, baby.”
Travis looks from Steve to me, his eyes glazed and half-open, blood covering his mouth and cheeks on both sides. There’s a slight smile to his lips. When I open my mouth, I find myself unable to speak…for the first time in many years, my eyes well with tears that slowly fall along the ridge of my nose, over my lips, and into my mouth.
“Baby, baby!” Steve calls as Travis’ eyes begin to close.
With the final moments of Travis’ attention, Steve tells him:
“I love you.” He crosses over him, resting his forehead against Travis’, kissing him with tiny pecks and staring into his eyes. “Let me take you just—” his crying causes him to lose his breath a moment, and then he sobers a little, keeping his head against Travis’, whispering, “just let me take you home okay you can just—you can just you go to sleep and I’ll be there with you okay I’ll be there in your dreams and I’ll be there okay baby okay please no please don’t…” and the crying grows harder as Travis’ body gently shakes, and Steve pleads the word “no” over and over, pecking Travis’ lips and cheeks and forehead in-between each plea, Steve’s hands reaching up to Travis’ face, Steve lifting his head with an expression both aghast and mournful, staring into Travis’ peaceful, smiling face.
And then, well…we feel Travis leave us.
Steve’s soulful, mourning cries are safely tucked away inside the boathouse as I leave him to be with his dead love. My eyes have already stopped crying and I join the newly amassed group, now a group of four as all the others have been dismissed.
This four is the back-up team, the just-in-case team.
“Man was crouched down out the back,” one of the bigger men tells me in a sympathetic tone. “Surprised us all. No way we could have seen him.”
I nod.
“Let’s talk about the fifth location…” Dingane starts.
“What?” he catches me off-guard. My emotions run the gamut, from surprised to anger to fear; having just lost a close friend and received little-to-no sleep, I’m raw physically and emotionally.
“We’ve been discussing each location. They all housed different aspects of the intel. Team one found maps designating the locations we already knew – plus one. There’s a fifth on Girard. What d’you reckon we do on this?”
The team stares at me.
“The police station has the black diary,” I tell them, thinking…“so they’ll know what’s going on by morning. The fronts to each apartment blown open, they already know something by now.” I lick my upper lip and taste Travis’ blood, smeared by Steve when he cried on my shoulder. “Maybe give the police an anonymous tip about the location?”
“And what if that doesn’t work?” Dingane asks, honest and checking his watch. “It’s five-thirty. You got us for another seven hours. You sure you want to sit this out? If you’re wrong, there’s less than two hours—”
“Yes, send your men,” I answer. My thinking had been too fast to verbalize, as it was a new aspect to anticipate police involvement in the taking another location. Dawn was breaking. “Take the Girard train station – hop the track, find a back entrance. If the police know, they won’t get to that downstairs right off the bat. Each one had a hole dug out in the back?”
My eyes cross the men as they give a unanimous nod in agreement.
“Dominick, Henrik, Herman. Take the cars, get to Girard and…”
He looks at me for help.
“Broad,” I answer. “Girard and North Broad. There’s a station on the corner. It’s going to be that one. Which direction on the tracks I don’t know. But you better hurry, stations are going to start crowding soon. You got maybe half hour for the station to be discreet.”
Dingane takes it as a sign and circles a finger in the air.
His three men head to different rental cars; they take off shortly after.
“And you still—” he begins.
“You’re still on track. Take me to the city.”
He nods and we both get into the last rental car. We mark our plans to further reunite in several hours as he drops me off at the hotel, then heads back to the airport. I enter the lobby, the elevator, the familiar hallway, and finally the frigid room where Augustus is tied to a chair. He isn’t yet awake but he startles when I slap him, and he mumbles an incoherent sentence or two before realizing what’s happening.
“We drugged your twinkie,” I tell him before he can ask, “and now I want you to explain it to me, Augustus.”
He doesn’t answer.
The room is freezing and Augustus shakes nearly to convulsion, having just been sleeping several hours in a room set to 40 degrees wearing nothing but basketball shorts and his sweat-stained tee-shirt; I notice he didn’t change or shower since I had last told him to, though it could have been because he’d been drugged and unconscious most of the time.
“Why?” I ask.
His head is hung and I can’t see his eyes.
“They asked first,” he finally answers. “I was already here working on it. Once Bartleby got wind, they knew you’d be soon after. Since you’re a Seven Devil, you aren’t to be killed but…”
“They hired you to sabotage the whole thing, keep tabs?”
“Yes,” he wheezes, coughing and shaking further.
His lips tremble.
“Was it Charne?”
“No.” He shakes his head, still staring down.
“Who is it?” I ask. “Who’s your Philadelphia contact?”
“Someone—I don’t know who, I never met ‘em.”
“WHO!” I scream and smack him again.
He waits a moment, recovering; then he chuckles.
“You don’t seem to get it. They’re everywhere. The guy in Philly – I don’t know who it is. Some guy – there could be a dozen of them, I don’t know. I’d give him information over the net and he’d respond with further instructions. That was it.”
“How do I find him?”
“You don’t. If I can’t track him, no one can.”
“That’s not good enough. You’re going to find him for me.”
“I can’t—” he pleads, looking up.
I stare at him, unimpressed; then, I catch a look in his eye.
“You dirty fucking liar – you already know who it is,” I say angrily, pointing a finger into his chest. He had a familiar glimmer in his eye; he was lying to me. “Who is it?” And I swing, catching him with a soft blow to the temple. I don’t want to kill him or seriously hurt him, only confuse and disorient him until he tells me. “Who is it?” I ask again with another swing.
I stop a moment.
“I’m going to let you freeze in this room, Augustus. Tell me,” I use a tone as if I’m reasoning with him. “Just tell me.”
His lip quivers at the cold and a thin line of bloody drool slips from his lip.
I raise my fist again.
“…Mans el-Ray Pasquale. He’s—stop!” And I go to hit him again, pausing an inch from his face. He speaks faster. “His death was staged – it wasn’t him. That was why I was already here working. I forged the autopsy and made sure you guys would find it and made sure he was dead to the world. He had been with the Senator…it’s how the Seven Devils know so much, it was Mans el-Ray Pasquale. He’s the contact—”
“How do I find him?” I snarl, lifting my fist again.
“I-I don’t know,” he whimpers through chattering teeth.
“Travis is dead. Steve’s going to want revenge and I’m sure he’s going to take it out on you. Tell me now…how do I find him?” I ask again, calmly, lowering my fist.
“I-I-I would follow the bombs. The—the convention center!” he squawks quickly as I raise my fist at the stupid idea to follow the bombs until they explode. “He’s—he’s expecting you to attack tomorrow. He’s knows the plan…”
At my lack of reaction, Augustus realizes.
“You already did it?” I don’t respond. “You already did it. He’s gonna know—he’s gonna know something’s wrong and he’s gonna figure out something. He’s gonna—oh, God, he’s gonna come for me.”
Finally, a piece of good news.
“He’ll come here?” I ask, still calm.
There’s a specific technique I tend to use when I need information, and that’s to let my emotions appear to range wildly from fury to calm indifference – it gives the person being interrogated the assumption that I am a psychopath, as long as I follow through with some element of violence. The apathetic tone tends to produce the best results, and always after a few rounds with the fist and fury.
“He won’t do it personally but one of his men will. When they realize something’s wrong, they’ll find me—oh shit,” his eyes dart to something in his pile of electronics, “there’s a locator in there – he knows! He knows! We got to get out of here.”
I debate my next move.
“Unless you can track him, Augustus, I’m left with no other option than to let his men come. They may get you because I’m going to leave you as bait – but I’ll be able to track them. So if you have some trick, some piece of information…”
“No-no-no, don’t. They’ll kill me.”
I stare at him until I’m sure he’s not going to say anything else useful.
It’s 6:15 a.m.
In less than an hour, I’ll be able to buy a gun – something I’ve begun to feel naked without.
The door to the hotel room opens and I rush the wood shut again, anticipating an attacker. Steve groans from the other side and, softly, says, “It’s me. Let me in.”
I open the door to find Steve in a state of breaking down; his condition is poor, his demeanor sour and aching. His face still has brief flecks of blood that he missed in cleaning himself. He keeps his eyes staring, focused, unblinking; his pupils seem dilated. As he walks in past the threshold, his eyes eagerly search the room – Augustus is right where he left him, tied to that stupid chair he was always leaning back in.
“You bastard—” and he makes a mad dash for Augustus.
I let him take a few swings, Augustus’ face recovering with a horrified expression after each punch; Augustus deserves it but, after three mean jabs, I pull Steve back. It takes a moment to calm him and I let him sit, crying, for several minutes; then I remind him that there’s still something pressing, and explain to him a make-shift plan: Steve is to install one of Augustus’ tiny fiber-optic cameras somewhere in the room and set the receiver to Augustus’ cell phone so that he can safely watch the inside of this hotel room from next door. If anyone is to show up before I get back, he’s to follow them to the street; checking the remaining equipment in the room (and handing Steve the fiber-optic camera and Augustus’ cell phone), I just so happen to find that Augustus still has the pen-like GPS ejector that Travis had used to plant a device and follow the sedan (feels like years ago) – I tell Steve he’s to use it only if he can do it without being noticed.
“I’ll be back in an hour,” I tell him, leaving Steve on the bed with a look of pain and fierce struggle on his face.
When I reach the Russian arms dealer, he’s bent over and shuffling his merchandise, which is stuffed into a series of boxes in the back of a black van. He doesn’t act as if he notices me but, turning around, I notice him tucking a tiny pistol up his sleeve in preparation of an attack.
“My good friend!” he says, laughing before he’s even looked at me; it’s as if he recognizes my presence. He turns and pulls the tiny pistol from out of his sleeve and stuffs it back into a box, returning to smile with an outstretched arm. He shakes my hand vigorously – his jet black hair has grown longer, well past his shoulders, and his face is covered in a neatly shaped, thick black beard. His mouth is hard to see under it but his voice is boisterous, every word a proclamation.
We haven’t seen each other in many years but I used to visit him once a week, often perusing his line of mostly illegal weaponry. He had a knack for talking me into buying highly illegal and dangerous weapons, culminating with a trunk of Russian incendiary grenades that I eventually used to tear down an apartment building.
“What brings you back to this Philadelphia city!” he exclaims in a thick Russian accent.
“I’m just looking for a gun. Semi-automatic, something small and easy to hide but something that has weight.”
“Oh-ho-ho. You, my good friend – I have just gun for you!” he chortles heartily, seemingly overjoyed at my appearance. “Walther P22 – 15 ounce weight,” and he removes the tiny black firearm from out of a box, cradling it in his hand, “2.4 inch barrel, 10 round magazine.”
He hands me the gun and I hold it in my hand…it’s been quite a long time since I’ve held a firearm with the expectation of using it to end a life. The metal feels warm and my fingers clasp the handle like they would a breast in the heat of passion. I pull back the slide, eject the magazine, and find the gun is unloaded; twice I click the slide in place and fire a CLICK at the ground. With guns, there’s a mutual attraction, where the gun feels as if it were made for you and your hand feels as if every curve and line developed just to fit this one object.
“I’ll take it,” I say; it feels right. “Give me a box of hollow point bullets and…what is that?” I ask, motioning toward a toppled-over box half sticking-out.
“That?” the Russian asks, slyly. “You don’t want that.”
“Um, I do. Give me two.”
And I remove the cash, well over the amount it should be – but with that money comes a filed serial number and a set of sealed lips. The Russian shakes my hand vigorously once more, and I head back to the hotel. Halfway there, my prepaid cell phone rings and it’s Steve:
“They killed him, the guys. They’re in dark clothes. Like jumpers. Full body.” He’s half out of breath and running down stairs as he talks. “Opened the door. Sneaked, nothin’ loud. Came in. Killed Augustus—God, he couldn’t defend himself—they killed with some inhaler thingie – prolly blew out his lungs like they did with whoever replaced Pasquale. I’m following them to the—they were in an’ out so quick, I’m runnin’ the stairs to follow them on the street. Over.”
And he hangs up.
The cab pulls up to the hotel not two minutes later.
As I casually walk toward the grand front entrance, a growing silence half a block down catches my attention. There’s an invisible sphere on the sidewalk, one that people can’t seem to enter. There’s a crowd gathered in almost a perfect circle. I run at the same time as I gasp with sad realization, causing my first few steps to stagger a bit. Pushing harder the closer I get to the shield blocking the gawkers, I make it to the front and I find Steve convulsing on the sidewalk. Foam comes out of his mouth like a soap dispenser and I bend near him, wide-eyed and frightened; seldom does my fear stem from something other than police, the only formidable enemy I’ve known. I feel fear for family, too, especially Lizzy. The fear inside my chest as I bend down to Steve is the fear that my friend is leaving me forever…it’s a harrowing feeling, one I’m not accustomed with. It sucks the voice from my lungs, along with the air. I crouch and support his head but I know he has only moments – though he appears to be having a seizure, I know that only moments before I got there a man caught him in some way unaware and gave him a dose of that lethal air, injected it right into his lungs, which were now disintegrating.
The look on his face is of exquisite pain.
“No, don’t…” I whisper to him as he moves, until I notice that he’s handing me Augustus’ phone.
I take the phone and look into Steve’s eyes but, well…Steve’s eyes move through me and I feel him leave.
And I shake it off – it’s an emotionless center I can resort to that nobody else ever seems to have. After the amount of people I’ve murdered – the amount of eyes I’ve felt move through me on their way to whatever else it was that came next (probably nothingness) – all of that death, it left a hidden corner behind my heart where I could tuck whatever emotion I didn’t want to feel, whatever pain or anger or sadness that surged, I could just tuck it away, just hide it behind my heart and move on with my business until I felt the need to remove the bookmarker, the stain.
And I stand, focusing on the phone and merging back into the crowd. Not a single person goes to help, or tries to stop me from what looks like a quick phone robbery – nope, they just stare.
The phone has a map, and the map has a blip that’s two blocks ahead of me.
And I run full sprint, passing businesses and in-between people of the 7:00 a.m. traffic. The streets are busy and there’s a line of people piling down into the subway system. The blip didn’t move much from their spot – just standing in one position – and I close in on the location.
Nothing. No one in jumpers. People crossing the street and, where it seemed to be the middle of the street, there’s no one standing still.
“Fuck!” I slap my head at being so stupid and return full force to the line down into the subway system, pushing past people who shout obscenities, until I reach the dank bottom and run along the white tiled walls – there’s a toll and I pay the man, who hits a button and lets me pass to the yellow line along the edge of the tracks, everyone waiting for the train.
At the end of the platform, I see three men in jumpers.
They don’t notice me and I keep my face down.
There’s the rush of wind and the unmistakable sound of an oncoming train.
I remain still and watch them from next to a pillar.
The train pulls up to the station.
People begin to pile into the train, everyone moving at a snail’s pace as the train’s already a bit crowded. One by one and in doves, everyone moves – and I, with everyone, stand in a line to board the train. Inch by inch by inch until I get to the door and check to find…the men in jumpers haven’t moved. They’re still standing side-by-side near the end of the platform. It took the platform emptying of people before I had a clear vision of the metal briefcase in one of the men’s hand.
And, after a moment, everyone had boarded the train…
Except the three men in dark jumpers…
And me.
They may not have noticed me before but the train doors close and the three men turn to look at me; faced with no other option, and nearly an entire train platform (maybe twenty feet) between us, I turn and face the three men.
Even at a distance, I recognize the face of Mans el-Ray Pasquale.
It’s in the center, with a man at either side.
We stare at each other, three men facing one, while the train ramps up and departs down the track. It’s an awkward moment, as several people on the train have a clear sight of us – we have to wait for them to leave. Then again, Mans el-Ray Pasquale must know I’m the fly in his ointment, and I personally blame this one man—no matter who did it or how—this man, Mans el-Ray Pasquale, is responsible for the deaths of Travis and Steve and Augustus.
And I’m going to be sure to hold him responsible.
Before the train is clear out of view, I throw a disk-like object at the men, pulling my gun and ducking behind the same column I had been peeking around moments earlier. Mans el-Ray Pasquale and one of the men react quickly by rushing to the edge and hopping onto the track; the third man is close to the disk I threw, which begins shooting aluminum powder into the air.
I’m glad I bought two.
My eyes are shielded and facing the opposite direction.
The other men are on the tracks and running the opposite direction.
The man that hadn’t made the tracks in time has his gun drawn. People on the adjacent platform of the station, waiting for the trains heading in the opposite direction, curse and ask questions and holler from the other side—until the blinded man screams and fires his pistols, blind from the flash bang grenade that went off only a few feet from him – BAM BAM BAM – the shots are loud, deafening, and they echo endlessly down the tunnel, reverberating for miles.
Quick, I duck from behind the pillar as the wild shots hit nothing but air and concrete. Two shots from my new Walther P22 and the man twists, falling just shy of the tracks.
I’m already down between the thin iron tracks, running toward the next station a few blocks up – and deadly careful not to touch the electrified third track, which is imminent death. When I look at the phone, I find the tracking device had been planted on the man that had already fallen; the other two were ahead of me somewhere, and I toss the phone to focus in the darkness of the tunnels. Every fifteen feet there’s a red light in-between the oppositional tracks; it keeps a good barometer of distance but it’s still near impossible to see.
As I run, half-crouched, a gunshot – then a bullet ricochets against the tunnel walls. First thinking I’m lucky, it actually served as a warning and a man comes from behind and grabs me by the throat. He knocks the gun from my hand and holds my arms down at either side as the shooter – and I see it’s Mans el-Ray Pasquale – quickly comes close enough to fire a bullet into my body without missing.
The man holding me from behind grips hard and did successfully knock the gun from my hand, but he’s not bigger – and I make him well aware of that fact. A quick stomp, and I bash the front of his face in with the back of my skull. He wobbles and I circle. Mans el-Ray Pasquale is close enough to shoot me and he tries to aim, but I’m behind his friend before he can fire.
There isn’t much hesitation before I toss his friend face-first using his own momentum – and the man lands with a sizzle on the third track, his body convulsing with the electricity coursing it. Smoke and the stale, acrid scent of burnt hair and flesh fills the air. I’m down to the ground, my gun illuminated in the sparks of the electrifying man.
When I stand, Pasquale is already seeking cover and firing—BAM BAM BAM—wildly at me, well aware that I am now armed again. He has the briefcase and I circle to the opposite track, firing while not running but walking succinctly, forcefully, with passion.
This wasn’t going to be a fight, and he was well out-matched.
I toss the second flash bang past Pasquale and onto the opposing track, firing to keep him pinned. Turned, face down, the soft thump of ammonium powder being shot in the air with blinding ferocity, and I pause only long enough until the area is once again in swallowed darkness before firing again, each of my gunshots keep him pinned until I’m close enough to reach him. He’s surprised at my proximity as I near him—he lifts his gun but I hit him three times before he’s even level. The gun drops. Next, I relieve him of the briefcase. We move back onto the adjacent track as I hear an oncoming train headed the opposite direction. The suitcase lies between each of the tracks and I grip Mans el-Ray Pasquale by the scruff of his shirt.
Face to face at last.
He has stubble, I notice. He’s half-Mexican, which I knew from his file, and his skin is a very soft, gently tan shade. His eyebrows are bushy but it may be made more apparent by his wide, frantic eyes. He goes to speak – the rushing wind of the oncoming train making it hard for him to be audible – but I don’t especially care to hear anything he has to say. With a slight jump, I let go and stick a knee in his chest dead-center, causing him to back several steps, trip, and fall onto the opposing tracks, directly in the path of—there’s a rush of wind and metal and speed, the sound of gushing momentum and weight, and once it’s passed, nothing remains of Mans el-Ray Pasquale.


the siege on philadelphia
(part three – the epilogue)


HENRY FOX AT THE PENINSULA CHICAGO
A cab takes me to yet another hotel - the Peninsula Chicago.
At this point, if I never see another hotel it’ll be too soon.
It’s Wednesday near 10:00 p.m. when I pass through yet another polished lobby to yet another golden elevator; up to the 33 floor; and out to the ubiquitous dark-and-swirling-flower-pattern present on the carpet of every hotel hallway. There’s two burly men standing cross-armed outside the door to the Desmond Suite and they stop me roughly.
“I would like to speak with your boss. He’ll know who I am.”
One of the men snaps a photo of me with his camera phone and walks into the Desmond Suite; a moment later, he returns. They frisk me and find I have nothing on me except the stench of travel. They escort me into the suite and everything’s dark except one closed room with a thin white light shining along the gap between the frame and the door; it looks almost as if there’s a massive source of pure, burning white light behind the wood, waiting to burst out.
The first man opens the door while the second follows in behind me; the first remains outside.
The overhead light is bright enough to increase the temperature. The fixture hangs from the ceiling and it looks as if someone installed it specially. The rest of the room is cramped, with bookcases and side tables filled with books and knickknacks and enough tiny plants (mainly cactuses) that I begin to think the overhead light is a heat lamp; once I notice that there’s anoles and geckos roaming the room freely do I believe the overhead light is without a doubt a heat lamp for the terrarium/office.
There’s a silver, metal-framed chair with a black plastic seat in front of a tiny clustered desk. Henry Fox sits behind the desk, bifocals on the end of his nose while he looks down carefully at something in his hand. He makes no acknowledgement of me until I swipe at an anole that tries to steal my seat.
“I see you didn’t bring the man I asked for,” he says without lifting his eyes. He’s got a tiny screwdriver and he’s twisting it into something miniature cradled in the palm of his hand.
I notice a book on the bookshelf next to me.
Captain Rivet & the Fantastic Ambruister.
“Open it,” he says.
I do.
Inside is a blood red inscription:

Henry Fox
Looking forward to meeting you.
David Henry Ridley

He finally puts down the tiny screw driver and, from the palm of his hand, drops the dead carcass of a small lizard as if it were a toy. His face is lined but tough, grey hair and a boxer’s chin.
My lip quivers for a fraction of a second, the anger flushing me with boiling blood. There’s a slight ringing in my ears. The room feels closed a bit tighter. My throat dries and the first bead of sweat drips from my forehead.
“You’re here for one of two reasons…let’s see: Either you’re here to plead for your safety; or, you need money to help fund your faggot school and you’re looking for a handout.”
“I came to tell you something.”
He looks down at me with a scowl.
“Voicemail would’ve sufficed.”
“I wanted to see your face,” I tell him.
There’s a thump-thump from outside the door.
The big man behind me opens the door and finds the room empty. He pulls a gun out and proceeds into the dark suite. Henry Fox watches the doorway while I watch Henry Fox.
“This is over,” I tell him.
There’s another, louder thump from just outside the room.
A moment passes and a large figure takes shape outside the door.
Dingane enters the terrarium/office, a bead of blood dripping from the piano wire clutched between his hands.
The last I see of Henry Fox, his face is shrunken in terror.
Dingane approaches as I leave.
The office door slightly closes with Henry Fox’s frantic attempt to flee or find a weapon…
There’s the gurgling noise of a struggle.
And I exit out the front door, careful not to leave prints.


PRINCESS APRIL MAE JUNEBUG & PRINCE ELEE
It’s early morning when Lizzy wakes in the passenger seat.
Chris drove all night and she looks out the window to find roads familiar in their miles and miles of uniform landscape – red clay dirt roads, forests, creeks, and flat land. Same as before, Chris turns the car onto one of the dirt back roads, following along an embankment until he reaches a sign that says Road Closed.
He parks the car.
Lizzy opens the car door and rushes full speed down the path without closing it. She keeps her eyes open on the ground but her main goal is the post with the stuffed animal, the marker signifying a left turn to the campground.
Chris follows behind but at half the pace and, within minutes, she’s out of eyesight. He picks up speed, panicking that Lizzy may possibly get lost. After he doesn’t see her soon, he begins to run faster and faster. His heart beats heavy in his chest, terrified that Lizzy may end up lost in the woods looking for her hairclip. Breaking into a sprint, his adrenaline pumping, Chris finally hears voices in the distance.
As he comes within sight of the purple elephant nailed to the post, he sees Lizzy facing the forest, looking up, and talking. Arriving shortly after, Chris locates the source of her attention:
It’s a pudgy man – he saw him through the window the other night.
Lizzy’s pleading but the man seems serious.
“Hey, whatchu doin’ back there?” the man asks Chris as he approaches.
“Sorry, we’er out camping the other night and…my niece lost somethin’ important.”
“’Er you two the one’s that went chomped inta my brush over yonder?” he asks, squinting.
“Yeah.”
“Bobby – who is it? What’re you doing…” a woman calls out, approaching quickly but slowing as her eyes find the child. She stops completely as her eyes wander to Chris, her voice trailing.
“Hey, April Mae…” Chris says.
The woman’s features are delicate, her eyes a soft brown. Her cheek has a beauty mark and face is free of aging. Her hair is still in a bob, just as it had been so many years before. Her arms are muscular for a woman – Lizzy notices as the woman quickly moves to Chris and raises an arm. Chris flinches instinctively but the woman wraps her arms around him and gives him a hug.
The pudgy man’s face drops in surprise.
“You know him?” he asks.
April Mae Junebug nods, backing from the hug.
“Leave ‘em be, Bobby. God sake’s it’s a little girl and my friend—” then to Chris, “You remember my brother Bobby. Asshole then, asshole now.”
Chris smiles.
April Mae bends down at the knee, face-level with Lizzy.
“Hello, beautiful,” she says in a warm, practiced tone. “What’s yer name?”
“Elizabeth Marie Dawson – but everyone calls me Lizzy.”
“Well then so shall I, sweet thing.”
“I—” Lizzy’s voice turns frenzied, “—I lost somethin’ campin’ here the other night.”
“You were campin’ here and you didn’t say hi?” April Mae Junebug asks Chris, and he nods, a forsaken look on his face.
“It’s my mama’s hairclip – it’s the only thing I got left of ‘er,” Lizzy says with the tinge of a southern accent.
“Well then we must go find it, sweetie!” April Mae Junebug says enthusiastically.
“It’s in our old spot,” Chris tells her but she already seemed to know.
“I’ll help your…” and she waits for Chris to fill in the gap.
“Niece.”
“I’ll help yer niece go and find her broach – why don’t you go on down and say a few words to yer mama. I’m sure she’d like to hear ‘em.”
April Mae Junebug and Chris share a sad glance, and he gives a solemn nod.
Bobby returns to the house, dismissing all of it grumpily.
April Mae Junebug and Lizzy follow the path to the open field while Chris follows the second path, which dead ends after a few minutes at the entrance to a withered, debris-strewn cemetery. Dead chucks of tree and vines cover the graves, all enclosed by an iron fence half beaten down by the elements and under a thin shield of overhead branches and green, flourishing leaves.
“Hi, ma. It’s Christian.” He crosses the other graves, walking on top of them, to stand directly on his mother’s grave, looking down at the granite stone that’s already beginning to age – her memory wasn’t going to last a half-century, it looked like. Chris thinks a moment, having addressed himself by a name he hadn’t heard elongated in some time. “Christian E. Lee Gibberts—E. Lee’s funny, ma. Edward Lee. I’ll give it to you – funny. What’d you always say? ‘Robert E. Lee – great man but a loser. Lost the war.’ Sort of how you thought of me, wuddin’t?”
He crosses his arms in front of his chest and says a silent prayer.
The silent prayers for his mother were something April Mae Junebug had asked him so kindly to do – “Tell your mother you love her. She may not’ve been a good mother or a good person but there was a person in there, an’ maybe her life wasn’t always peaches and cream, neither. Can’t carry that hate when you think’a yer mother, she brought you here into this world.” When Christian came back – after the commune, after high school and the army – he had come back for April Mae Junebug, and she seemed to have spent the interim just waiting for him to come back for her. Theirs was a sad love story, one that sputtered and stalled, as Chris grew tired of the same thing day in and out – same back yard, same job workin’ on cars in the nearby garage (one he never could get the hang of, not in two years), and same smile on the same face of the same girl he would see every day, forever. When Chris left, he had intended never to form another long-standing relationship and, subsequently, ended up in Florida making amateur porn for his own website within three years; Sadie had the same intentions as he did and that’s why she stuck around so long, and then there was Sarah, Lizzy’s mother.
“I hate you…just, so much,” Chris says. He looks up at the sky of green blocking out a beating, heavy-hearted sun; to his surprise, there’s a small gathering of tears in his eyes. “I’m not gonna cry over you,” he informs her, matter-of-factly, looking down and wiping the damp before it can form and fall. “It might have been hard for you but you made it so…so Goddamn hard for me. I could’ve…I could’ve gotten us out of here. I would’a been smart. You—”
And Chris finds himself finished.
“Goodbye, ma. I love you but…”
And Chris turns and leaves.
Back down the path, a curve at the post, and he finds Lizzy holding up her hairclip in triumphant fashion, April Mae Junebug standing behind her, a sad smile curled across her lips. Chris makes a decision then and there:
When Lizzy is ready to lose the hairclip, she’ll be ready to know about her real father.


THE AFTERMATH
Kate found the positive results of the home pregnancy test two days before the trip to Philadelphia and debated whether or not to tell David. For the entire day they wandered the streets of Philadelphia, she thought of the best way to tell him; ultimately, while at dinner, she settled on the fact that he didn’t need to know. He had lost his hearing, and he missed his child, and he didn’t need to add anything to an already large amount of grief. Once they crossed that ocean, she thought, and after they spent their final days together, he could leave and she could abort the baby and no one would know.
Back in London, she spent her days alone. Word spread that she was back and friends had called to go out drinking but she couldn’t bring herself to do it. After two days and nights of relentless hassling, she finally budged and, Sunday night, went to the bar with her friends. They questioned her when she didn’t smoke, which was new but not especially odd, and they bought shot after shot, washing them down with mixed drinks of vodka or tequila, but Kate refrained.
Her friends noticed immediately, as Kate was one to throw them back.
As they questioned her, buying her drinks that she refused, her closest friend exclaimed, “Yer pregnant, rn’tcha? Class-less street whore!” she laughed, and Kate’s somber expression only solidified the truth.
The paparazzi were waiting for them outside the club as they left. Kate’s friends slurred insults and stumbled, one of them using Kate for support. One of the paparazzi – a fat man named Ralph, who’s round stomach poked out from beneath a stained tee-shirt enough to bare the tuft of coarse black hair around his belly button – kept yelling the normal things London paparazzi yelled at the famous people when they found them alone and vulnerable:
“Show us yer snatch! Lily—hey Lily, why’d yer boyfriend dump you? Is it true he gave you herpes?”
Only Kate, her friend Lily, and a model named Bianca (whom Kate had never met before) were famous or interesting enough to catch the cameramen’s attention; there were four other women with them, none getting the tirade of disrespect from the paparazzi.
“Kate? Why ain’t you sloppy, Kate? Gonna gimme ano’er nice pho’o of’at ‘ere ‘airy snatch? Wearin’ pan’ies?”
The fat man named Ralph was the most vocal but the others were shouting similar things, and every so often they would lower the camera to try and sneak a photo beneath their skirts.
Making sure each of her friends got home safe, Kate returned home to sleep.
When she woke the following day, morning sickness finally set in and she threw up until past noon. There was a phone number penciled on a square sheet of white paper, ominously sitting on her loft’s kitchen counter. Each time she passed it, there would be a reason not to call and schedule an appointment – maybe she should tell David, maybe this would be the only child she could have and aborting it would cause irreparable damage, maybe the paparazzi would find out and publicize it in every paper, maybe this and maybe that, maddening.
It was then that she decided to tell David…she needed—she needed David, he could help and…it didn’t have to be this depressing if she just—but there was no way David would talk to her again, not after—not after abandoning him in Philadelphia, he’d probably…
The most shocking and surprising thought she threw into the argument against herself was Lizzy – the surprise came from an inkling in her when the image of the young girl appeared in her mind; she brightened, there was a glimmer of hope in her belly, and it caused her heart to beat faster.
A part of her actually wanted to see Lizzy again.
And so her thoughts drilled on until Monday night.
As she sat alone eating a box of cereal, the phone rang and she let it go to voicemail. The message was from her friend Lily and it said:
“You’re boyfriend’s popular. Check the bestseller list.”
The next day, she wandered toward David’s signing. She was a bit dazed, almost on autopilot. There hadn’t been a plan, nothing, and she found herself looking at baby clothes. Inside her, deep, she knew she was having a son.
So she bought a blue onesy.
The clothes, the signing, the ring – it happened in such a desperate blur. She had shown up outside the signing and saw him (head packed with gauze) through the window, and had been unable to move further. Tears started, paparazzi showed up…and he proposed.
It isn’t for two nights, on Wednesday night, until things finally slow.
David and Kate are resting on the couch in her living room. She’s cradled under his arm. The television is off, as is the music. Only an overhead light and the shadow of fan blades swinging from the ceiling. A candle’s flame flickers against the slight breeze from the fan on low, its scent described as fluffy pillow.
It’s calm, peaceful.
The past two days of signings had been exhausting, as each one had been packed from start to finish. At the end of each night – two days running – David and Kate had spent the evening curled together without television or music, only white ethereal noises from the SoHo-like London neighborhood around them. David couldn’t hear the sound anyway, couldn’t hear her even if she wanted to speak but she didn’t. Her reasons weren’t as important – they were together now, that was important.
Every so often they look at each other and kiss, then return to the tranquility.
Around 7:30 p.m., David’s phone vibrates with a text from his brother:


BROTHER: How are you? 


There’s a brief back-and-forth between them…


DAVID: I proposed to Kate yesterday. She said yes.
BROTHER: That’s wonderful.
DAVID: She’s pregnant.
BROTHER: Congratulations.
DAVID: I’m sorry I was such an asshole before you left.
BROTHER: It’s ok.
DAVID: No it’s not. I’m sorry.
BROTHER: Forgiven.
DAVID: I saw there have been some deaths in Philadelphia…
BROTHER: The city is safe. For now.
DAVID: Are you a hero?
BROTHER: No.
DAVID: Did you save lives?
BROTHER: When are you coming home?
DAVID: We want to fly everyone out for the wedding.
BROTHER: When is it?
DAVID: We’ll wait however long it takes to fly everyone out for the wedding.
BROTHER: I’ll handle it. We’ll be there in three days.


David sets his phone down and finds Kate’s adoring gaze leveled at him, her eyes watering, cheeks growing flush. She bats a hand at her face for air and says the word emotional several times in a row. David moves over her, pinning her down to kiss her neck and face all over. She giggles and spasms when he tickles her armpits and they share a devious look together.
Her lips move and David stares a moment.
He lets go to write on the pad, Did you say “elephant juice”?
She shakes her head.
He writes on the pad, “Olive juice”?
She shakes her head again, the devious look returning.
“What kind of juice are you talking about?”
David and Kate make love for a total of seven minutes. It starts with aggressive grabbing and undressed, groping hands, lips and tongues, their arms wrapped around each other. They lay under the spinning ceiling fan, the shadow rapidly crossing their bare skin as they roll on the carpet. It’s the ninth time they had had sex in the last two days. Kate had been uber-sexual, from the pregnancy and overwhelming hormones or sheer attraction, David was unsure; only thing he knew was that sex had become astounding, even Earth-shattering since the loss of sound and addition of Kate’s newly unbridled passion.
He can feel her moaning the words, “I love you.”
After their intense, sweaty, seven-minute love-making session, David kisses Kate once more – she’s on the floor, naked but for the pillow blanketing her chest. Her hair is disheveled, sweat forming on her brow.


THE FELLOWSHIP OF THE RING
Four days later, David, Chris, Rough Ralph, hoods from Kate’s side of the party, and I head off for a night of debauchery.
Lizzy spends the day and night with a pregnant Kate, Kate’s mother and sister, Sadie, Pam Noel, Bethany Walker, and Kate’s brash London female entourage; it’s planned as a full day event with a slumber party. All of the girls and women get full-treatment at their favorite spa and salon. They buy new clothes and get Lizzy a beautiful, sparkling dress for the wedding. Since drinking isn’t an option, they spend their day traveling to clubs (sneaking Lizzy into some, to Kate’s mother’s chagrin). In the later evening, they go to the city and gorge themselves at Kate’s favorite restaurant. They rent a suite and fill it with chocolate and champagne and gossip and karaoke and more dance parties and make-up.
Lizzy refers to this forever more as, “The best night of my life.”
The men spend their daytime walking the streets and drinking beer. The male counterparts to Kate’s entourage split off to do their own thing, which no one protests. Rough Ralph calls it quits around dusk, his face flush from day-drinking and his speech low, practiced but faltering. Tire has overcome him before the drink and he heads back to the hotel.
And then there are three.
We seclude in the VIP of a strip club. Fully nude women walk around the dark back area, one with velvet couches sectioned to keep wandering eyes off each individual section. We have a chilled bottle of Don Perignon next to several empties, and the three of us are drunk – one where we haven’t crossed into the abyss, our thoughts still fully formed, but we’re slipping, close, near downright slammed. But, for this short window of debauchery, we’re coherent.
“And so I’m broke. Or near it,” I tell them.
They’re my best friends.
“What! How?” Chris asks.
“—Ha! I gotchu,” David says.
“I spent…let’s see…” I tally the money in my head, “…well, in rentals—room and board, food, equipment, more rentals, travel…the mercenaries cost a pretty penny—”
“Mercenaries!” they both proclaim.
“Yeah, I hired some…” I drunkenly burp, pouring myself another glass of Don with more attention than to my story, “…some mercenaries. Guy named Dingane. He—the prick that poisoned me, he hired this mercenary named Dingane to come kill me some years back. Guy actually ended up saving my life back then and Bartleby—who’s alive and well, the prick.” Under my breath I give a quick, “Prick. Poisoned me.” Then, “Anyway, he got me in contact. There were too many bombs around the city to handle with just my team—”
“Bombs?!” Chris exclaims.
“Team?” David cautiously asks.
“Yeah. I never really told you guys much about the two years I was gone…”
And I tell my best friends everything.
For the first time, I tell them every detail I can recollect in my drunken stupor; and they sit there absolutely mesmerized. I tell them the truth, how the only worry I now have involves the fact that, now that I’ve pissed off the Seven Devil Nation, I may not have them guarding my back anymore, and I certainly don’t have their resources, which I didn’t utilize anyway. I tell them the truth of Philadelphia during the story of Travis and Steve…


THE TRAGIC LOVE OF BONES & FRANKFURT
I lost my crew in all this, though.
I mean, you guys know yer my crew but…this is my crew away from my crew. They were the first men I called when I knew where I was going. And assumed what I had to do. Steve, the chemist from Cincinnati — smart, smart like me smart – and Travis, the black Engineer, super smart.
Anyway, they were with me with Sensei Ki-Jo. I hired them to help me protect myself. I knew Bartleby was out there with his resources – I assumed he had the same resources as his father, which were extensive, global. So I hid in a nowhere forest in a nowhere country and waited, trained, eventually hired them. I wanted weapons for stealth, weapons that I could use quickly and discreetly incase I was attacked in public or wherever, things to keep on myself at all times.
Well, Bartleby had hired mercenaries. Guy named Dingane, his group. They found me when I went hiring people, the only time I emerged. Instead of coming to me, Bartleby’s checks turned bad and his money ran out so they outsourced it to local bandits. The local bandits poisoned the locals so I had to deal with them…


[first, The Chemist, The Engineer, & The Poison of Amerwoncik; The Melting Man; The Marauder’s Trap; Conversations with the Seven Devil Nation; The Return; and then, The Violent End of Sensei Ki-Jo.]


[they start]
Holy shit—
That’s fucking ridicu—


I know, I know. I was there. It was…quite a sight. Now, talking about it all like it’s scenes from some movie, it’s fantastical but being there, just actually doing these things – it’s like a laundry list, things that happened long time ago, things I don’t much think about. Except the arrows. The flaming arrows coming at Sensei Ki Jo’s place, that was—they were…breathtaking. Ez—ecc—ecssquisite. Recommend it, sort of.
Off track.


I got my crew, Steve and Travis. They went to Philly, and we contacted another man named Augustus…
[sips his drink, thinks, lifts the champagne glass]
Lift your drinks to…to Augustus.
[they lift their drinks, clink, sips]
He died a good man. Mistakes, yeah. But a good man.


[looks off in a moment of silence; continues]


While we were at Sensei Ki Jo’s, I mean, it was obvious the two men had started…fooling around the day after they started. There was just an air to them. They didn’t speak about it or anything but I could tell they were…together.


Oh my—[catches himself] Sorry.
David the homophobe, huh?
No, you know I’m not a homophobe. There was just a mental picture in there that I wasn’t braced for—don’t worry, go on. We’re listening.
I think it’s beautiful.
I’m sure you do, Chris.
See, now I feel like shit. I’m not homophobic. You know I’m all for gay rights.
I’m just fucking with you, broseph. You’re more tolerant than I am, actually. ‘Cause my first reaction was to send them home and reneg on the deals I had offered them. Last thing I wanted when I was protecting myself was to homosexuals in a lover’s quarrel. But, truthfully, it helped bring us together as a unit.
They never fought. They never even argued – most I ever saw was a half-drunk discussion that ended with them wrestling, and Steve always won. He was prolly the…pitcher…
Anyway…


We followed the clues.
Man whose name you’ll probably remember, Mans el-Ray Pasquale – he had been privy to some information. The way it seemed, he found out too much and got hisself killed but, in actuality, he was a member of the Seven Devil Nation like I was, a prominent kid that went to an Ivy League school and joined politics.
That reminds me, I wanna get into politics but—we’ll talk about that later. Go on…
O…kay, David.
Mans el-Ray Pasquale planned to detonate several bombs under the city uhhh, the city convention center. Motivations are a bit cloudy but the bottom line involved money, as they usually do. Five in all, we found out, under the convention center by way of the subway system.
Broad Street Line?
Yup. So, we stopped them. My crew with the reconnaissance and, with a number from Bartleby, the mercenaries.


It was all…I mean, it’s all meaningless, in the end.
The Seven Devil Nation has wind of this, that there’s billions in precious metal off the coast of Iran. And they supported the original plan to kill the Senator leading the charge—or at least knew of it—so they’ll continue until they’re successful.
Philadelphia is safe but the Senator moved on to Baltimore for now so…


They’ll get what they want.
Eventually, they get what they want.
Even at the cost of some lives, for the sake of many.
I don’t know how you would even begin to fight against them but, at some point, I’m probably going to have to try.


What happened to Mans el-Ray Pasquale?
I threw him in front of a subway train.
Damn…I really enjoyed saying his name.


Steve and Travis, they used to have these awful nicknames for each other. It sort of started out as…as a Who-Can-Make-The-Worst-Nickname type of game.
Sugarfarts.
Puffy Nips.
Dick Butter.
Frankfurt and Bones were the two most common but they had a ton, all awful. It was one of the few things that – it would usually crack me up but it did gross me out a bit.


Travis was shot in the belly when we were gathering the bombs.
Someone hid and shot him.
The contacts, they got the bomb and made it back with Travis…bleeding, gut-shot, they made it back to the boathouse. And he died there. Steve and I were with him. We—I’ve killed a lot of people.
[large sigh]
Wow, that’s the first time I think…I’ve said that and feel how true it is. I’ve…I’ve killed many men. All of them…well, most of them deserved it but, you know, by those standards someone could murder me clear of conscience. But Travis slipping away was the first time that I—that I really felt someone leave, felt the shell empty.
Steve was crying so hard and it was…he was telling him that he would take him off to the kingdom.
[mournful glance off]


What…what did it feel like?
It felt like a light went off, in a way. Like, like a shadow moved in the room that wasn’t there. It’s a hollow feeling in the belly. The room, it shrinks. The universe feels smaller, the world feels tangible and you can sense it. That the world isn’t everything, it’s finite. It has an end when you circle it all the way around.
The soul exists and it…it goes somewhere.
I’m not religious, I don’t believe it goes to heaven or hell or anything, but it goes somewhere. Light from a flashlight, goes only so far. But that energy’s still out there. Battery to bulb to world throughout.


And Steve died a few hours later.
Pasquale and his two friends shot concentrated dry ice and disintegrated his lungs.
I felt him leave in much the same way, and we were on a crowded street surrounded by strangers. Yet he died in my arms and it was the world shrinking; the circle of crowd around us fell into shadows and the sun beat on us and it was us, him and I at the gateway. He turned his flashlight to me, then past me, then off and gone and I was left holding his body.


These men were my friends.
I hadn’t seen ‘em much while I was gone, while we were putting up the school and working on our business. I didn’t much need them the way I had before. They worked in outsourcing, had good jobs together. Ones where they traveled, worked in their fields, and I talked to them sometimes. Only ever over the internet, they didn’t come my way much.
It’s been…a while since someone died that I truly cared about.


[lifts his glass; joined by two more]
To Steve and Travis…
The heroes.


THE SOMBER NOTE ENDS
We make a brief detour in dour territory, where I contemplate life and the lives of my deceased gay friends.
The naked women meandering the VIP don’t interest us much while I talk but, as I end with a toast, two women walk over for our attention and money; they had been standing on the sidelines, watching as I told something that must have, from a distance, looked intense and captivating.
Both women are gorgeous.
One’s a brunette and one’s blonde, and both are dressed more than the other ladies in the room, tight black brassieres with long, skin-toned stockings. I’m sitting to the right, on the outside edge, with David and Chris on the inlet, a coffee table in front and the left outside edge vacant. The lights are a dim red and purple hue. The brunette straddles Chris and the blonde turns her behind to me and bends over the coffee table, provocatively. She pours herself and her friend a glass of our champagne.
“So I think I want to go into politics—” David begins but Chris abruptly interjects,
“You know that video I made for you, the one I showed you way back when, with the music and the trippy lights and everything—you know that was a joke, right? David and I put together a real one but that was…we were just fucking with you. I had my friend put it together for his class.”
“Yeah,” I nod, my eyes on the blonde as she turns back to me. “I figured it out when I called all the stations and they said I was crazy, there was no way an ad could be nine minutes long.”
David and Chris laugh.
“But you two, you finished a real one?” I ask.
They both nod, all of us a little preoccupied with the women as they sit on the velvet couch, one across from me on the outer left edge and one between Chris and David.
“So…I want to get into politics,” David says for the third time, without interruption.
“Go on,” I urge, half talking to the blonde across from me as her fingers caress her body.
Neither woman has said a word yet.
“I want to go back to Philadelphia. I want to help the school system.”
“Good for you,” both Chris and I say in unison.


THE DIVERGENT LIFE
There is color and life – vibrant, exhilarating life.
There’s a large, rose-colored celebration, not dark. Not gray.
And Uncle Chris’ ex-girlfriend brought us into her house and she was really super nice and awesome, says Lizzy. She had a little baby that was adorable and her husband was like a real live lumberjack or something – we didn’t get to meet him but she was nice.
Wha’ ‘bou’ the fact tha’ yer daddy and I are gettin’ married? Kate asks her.
It’s – absolutely totally awesome! My daddy ain’t been as happy as he has since you bin’ with him.
Are you sure, sweetie? David asks.
Yes, daddy.
Good. Now please stop talking like a southerner.
Leave us, pa. Kate an’ I need ta have girl talk.
There are friends, plenty of friends – God, friends! And they sing to the music and dance and have a good time. There’s a delicious white wedding cake and a fountain of chocolate. There’s free booze, beer, and lots of champagne and appletinis and chardonnay and all that girly shit.
New friends smile while old friends shake hands.
Bethany – I’m so glad you came, I tell her and kiss her cheek. We mingle and I introduce her to Kate, who already knows her from some misshape involving the bar. Bethany Walker and I sit side-by-side during the ceremony, and she touches my hand – I’m grateful for it and we hold hands, even slow dancing during the reception afterwards. Pam Noel and Rough Ralph dance near us, an odd couple on the dance floor, one tiny and one large. Sadie and Chris also dance nearby and I catch them sharing an odd, unfamiliar look with each other – whatever the look is, it isn’t silly, which is what it always was before.
There’s happiness—fucking happiness everywhere, and laughter, infectious, booming laughter.
I’m there in my best tuxedo, my arms wrapped around Lizzy – she’s getting so big – and we’re moving together on the wooden dance floor. She’s standing on my toes, so beautiful, so much older and taller that it’s amazing how big she’s getting.
There’s an interruption near the front table, a clinging glass, signal to the DJ. The music lowers and eyes turn toward the sound.
A former porn star – a friend…he gives a speech:
“I…” he clears his throat, smiling at the attention of 100 people, “Where—where’s the best man?” he says to the head table, and my brother looks through the crowd until he finds me on the dance floor.
My friend finds me, too, and turns away from my brother.
And then he raises his glass extra high and shouts, “To sunshine, health, margaritas, and the beautiful women we love! To all the things that make us happy!”
And then I, well…I raise my glass in return.


A LOOSE END REMAINS
I had August look up the whereabouts of the man I had first know as Sam the Driver and later learned was Ryan D’Andrea – part of a generations-old crime family and nephew to a notorious, recently imprisoned Chicago criminal. It was because of this kid that Henry Fox in Chicago blackmailed me and, though I never intended to do much with the info, I found out the kid was, coincidentally, hiding near London. This was a detail I let slip to my brother and my brother reminds me of this in a text he sends while I’m in a cab taking me, finally, to my home:


DAVID: Sam Cranston is in London?
BROTHER: He was.
DAVID: Where?
BROTHER: 182 Church Road in Potter’s Bar. About an hour north of you.
DAVID: Maybe I’ll go visit him. Got a few days before the show and honeymoon and I’m running out of fun.
BROTHER: Take Chris with you. And you tell Sam to call me the instant you see him.
DAVID: Why?
BROTHER: Uh, I sort of fixed a problem he was having.


It’s evening when they leave and night when they arrive.
Chris naps and David drives the rental he finally got after unnecessarily losing money to cabs. The landscape grows hilly and empty as they move farther and farther north from the city. The GPS takes them to a small town with narrow, single-lane cobble stone streets. Each path is tight and stretches the length of the town entire, sparingly intersecting with almost mathematically precise perpendicular streets, like a grid. The town itself is comfy, a lot of orange glow from closed, opaque windows. Some store fronts have wood signs hanging overhead, most for pubs. There aren’t many wanderers on the sidewalk, which is about the length of a single, moderately sized person.
When Chris wakes, he realizes the car’s slowing to a stop and David’s turned, his eyes narrowed on the numbers to each home in a long row of two-story row homes. The car has closed in on the outskirts of the town, and row of homes ends just past the last street, the final three front doors facing the open land surrounding the minuscule town.
They park next to a grassy knoll, just off the side of the road.
When they exit the car, David thinks something nearby moves. He scans the landscape and finds only hedges, some flourishing green trees (vibrant even in the darkness), and open patches of grass heading toward local farms in every direction out.
Chris gets out of the car, stretches, yawns loudly.
Nothing else moves and David heads to the front door, Chris staggering through the sleep-induced fog. They approach the front door to #182 and knock. There’s a moment and David knocks again. On the third knock, the door opens and David comes face-to-face with Ryan D’Andrea a.k.a. Sam Cranston. He’s in a white tee-shirt and jeans, his muscles bulging with veins as if he had just stopped a routine of push-ups. His chest heaves.
There’s a moment where they meet eye-to-eye.
Ryan looks behind David, behind Chris, presumably at their car—but no, higher, farther behind—David feels the scruff of his shirt yanked down as debris hits him in the face.
There’s a flood of pricks and pracks against the wood frame.
Chris, next to David, is a moment late and something from behind jolts, spins, and shoves him fast and hard in through the front door, a puff of red in the air as the only evidence he had once stood there. Ryan keeps a hand on top of David’s head, pulling him into the apartment and pushing him to the floor of the living room. He grabs Chris’ limp body under the armpits and pulls him further in, kicking the door closed.
The door is forced back open as it bursts with a few dozen tiny pops, the hallway just past and the living room exploding with glass and plaster and debris and porcelain and wood and anything else in the room as the walls blow out with a hundred tiny explosions. The scene is almost poetic, slow, fluff and pillow feathers and shards from the eruption of the volcanic lights raining down in a symmetrical bedlam.
As David’s eyes barely register the mayhem, Ryan is flipping Chris over to check for a pulse. His eyes register nothing – not hope, not dismay – and he moves on, leaves Chris’ limp body, yelling so loud that David can actually hear him over the massive destruction still taking place.
From a back hallway to the kitchen, there’s heavy movement.
Someone drops to the floor with a thud.
Ryan slithers on his belly toward the kitchen. In that instant, he makes a gesture, ensuring that David clearly understands to follow him. When they reach the kitchen, they crawl through a puddle of blood. A woman’s body lies limp on the tiled floor and David recognizes her before seeing her face: it’s Ryan’s girlfriend, the one that had taken massage classes with Sadie.
Ryan’s eyes fill with a fury that David has never seen in a human: His teeth bare in a large snarl, his eyes wild. He twists his head, looking around, and he smacks David, whose attention is solely on the woman and her penetrating, blank stare.
Everything’s happened so fast that David is in shock.
It takes several minutes until the shock has worn off – as it does, David notices he’s in a car with Ryan the Driver. There’s whisps of memory, of crawling out the back door to the garage in the back, then into the car, but nothing sticks and nothing stays as Ryan the Driver guns the engine. The car lurches forward and through the garage door. The sound is colossal and David can hear the faint sound of metal scraping metal, then metal grinding stone. Before the garage door has fallen from the hood of the silver BMW, the right side of the car explodes with tiny sparks. Ryan the Driver bends David’s head down in time to avoid the shots but David catches a glimpse:
There’s a man standing behind David’s rental car. An Asian man. Not just an Asian man, a familiar Asian man, one with multi-colored eyebrows and a scar under his eye. The glimpse is short – the man’s wearing all black, an assault rifle braced against his shoulder and firing at the car; as the car passes, Sinto runs to the driver’s seat of David’s rental car. Not a moment later, the lights are on, the car behind them, Hue Sinto continuing pursuit.
Ryan the Driver’s eyes remain unhinged, crazed; they rush over every inch of landscape as he maneuvers back into the town and down the narrow alleyway-like, cobblestone streets. The high beams are on, driving full speed and turning a narrow corner at 90 degrees. The car slides, the entire left side slamming into the wall and stopping the momentum like a bumper car. There’s a gunning engine, roar of tires, and the car shifts its momentum forward once more.
And then they’re out of the town almost as quickly as they had re-entered it.
There’s farm country to the right, open land with the small town drifting to the left and farther until gone. Ryan the Driver shifts gears again, the car speeding up enough that David’s head flings back involuntarily. David’s eyes glance at the side-view mirror and he notices another car in close pursuit. Though he can’t see the driver, he recognizes his rental car.
Ryan the Driver checks his mirror briefly, downshifts, and pulls the handbrake. There’s smoke on either side of the car and he twists the wheel, the front right quarter panel nosing into the rental car door as he passes to the right.
David catches Hue Sinto’s eyes in the driver’s seat as the man lifts a handgun, pointing it into the car—Ryan the Driver’s already released the handbrake, up-shifting, and the car lunges forward again, catching the side of Sinto’s car with an extra leap of speed and causing it to fishtail.
Hue Sinto drops the gun as he grips the wheel, losing control of the car as it twists and turns, finally spinning around and around and off the road, onto the grass, the back half hitting a fence with a sudden jolt, causing the car’s front end to hop into the air.
Ryan the Driver pulls over, reverses to the crash site, jumps from the car, and rushes to the driver’s seat of the wrecked car. He pulls a swinging and scraping Hue Sinto from the car and begins hitting him again and again, in the face and chest, punching and kicking him over and over again.
David’s still in shock when the police arrive to find him alone with the busted car and dead body of Hue Sinto.


THE END
And I arrive home Wednesday evening, just past dark, almost two weeks to the day since I left.
Pam Noel, Rough Ralph, Bethany Walker, and Sadie had already returned from London, returned to their lives, returned to work and school and kids and such. Chris and Lizzy were staying in London until Lizzy had to return to school. There was to be a large event on Friday night involving a lot of British talent, one where David had been asked to participate.
I wanted to be there but I had my own life to return to.
Before going to Pairadice, before eating at the buffet, before checking on Sadie and the massage school, before doing anything, I enter my nice, clean home. There’s a breath of stagnant air and I open windows. Upstairs, I unpack my carry-on and the first thing I notice is the red cylinder Steve had given me. Energy and enthusiasm had long since abandoned me; the suitcase isn’t fully unpacked before I collapse onto the bed, not asleep but not especially awake.
God I missed my bed.
As I begin to drift off, there’s a thunderous noise in the distance.
I stand and move to the window, opening the blinds.
In the short distance – only a thin tree-line obscuring full view – I can make out the shopping center with my school and my bar as they both blaze in a fit of vengeful fire. Sadie had been teaching there. Pam Noel had been bartending. I smack my face to make sure I’m awake and that the events outside the window aren’t a hallucination…
When a knock at my front door startles me.
Groggy and exhausted to the tips of my fingers, I run the dark hallways, turning on lights as I go. At the landing, I turn on the outside light and open the door. Standing away from my front landing is a ghost, an apparition walking toward me.
“I—you…” I start, with dawning realization.
It hadn’t been a knock at my front door but two knives thrown with enough force to stick outright in a direct line. At maybe ten feet from the door, he enters light. A tall, dark featured Japanese man stands just outside of the porch light. He has a blue-and-white checkered cloth draped across his body. His hair is up in a bun on top of his head and he keeps both hands together at his waist, each tucked into the other’s sleeve. There is a visible scar on his neck and he opens his mouth but, instead of words, a noise erupts like the horrifying sound of a pterodactyl’s screech. The arrow must have hit his vocal chords; this is the man that ordered the archers and the swords’ men outside Sensei Ki-Jo’s house so many years before.
I was never sure he had died there, thinking they may have taken the body of their leader to immortalize him; not once had I thought he got up and walked away but I knew there was a chance the arrow hadn’t severed any main arteries, had only hit and stuck in a hunk of meat.
Behind him, in the near distance, I can see the blazing fire as it reaches dozens of feet into the air, smoke thick and visible in the darkness – I know it’s my school, and the bar, and the buffet, all blazing as if made of matchsticks; this is only a brief glimpse as the dark-featured man advances into the house.
As I back up, the back door between David’s house and my own is kicked open and I hear several footsteps enter; the back door to Chris’ house crashes open as well, and more footsteps can be heard.
I bolt up the stairs and reach my room.
With haste, I push the dresser in front of the door and back up. I bend at the waist and reach under the bed for the tiny case with my handgun. Hitting the digits 5-5-5-5, the case unlocks and I remove the pistol.
Footsteps run full pace up the stairs.
The lights go out – the power shut off – and I’m in darkness.
My hand finds something cold and cylindrical on the bed…
Without much thought, I bring the end of the red cylinder to my lips. This is the back-up, the army waster that Steve gave me as what turned out to be his final farewell present.
The red hacker.
Violent.
Animalistic.
The vicious breath.
The effect is instantaneous with the deep inhale.
My lungs immediately burn as if I inhaled fire and ash.
Alone in the darkness of the bedroom, from out of my chest and lungs comes a blazing red that engulfs my body from head to toe. My clothes feel as though they hinder the effects and I strip naked, gripping the pistol in my right hand as the people outside the door pound harder and harder.
The dresser will only keep them out a short moment longer.
My heart beats so fast I can’t breathe. My body grows numb and the orange and blood red fire grows hotter, concentrated passion and fire and fury, higher, farther, climbing deeper – this time, it isn’t climbing in and down my throat but up and out as if unleashed, as if escaping before I have the chance to change my mind, seething down my legs as if I’ve jumped into a scolding hot, boiling tub. My skin burns down to the soles of my feet and the hair on my body lifts.
I howl at the burning as all of the blood rushes to the surface of my skin.
The pounding at the door stops with my primal howl, then restarts.
And just as the feeling of the vicious breath calms, there’s a brutal explosion the color of pure scarlet, and it mushrooms out and twirls up in the brilliant flames of a bonfire. My elbows tuck in against my sides and bend, my clenched fists on either side of my temples. Every muscle tenses as I lower my head, both eyes closed. The burn is wonderful, like the ability to fly and never fall or fail.
When I stand, the fire is still around me.
It hasn’t finished with me, only prepared me…
A pound, heel against the spine of the door, hinges cracking.
A pound, the door cracks again, louder, caving. 
There’s another howl from my lips, this one an invitation.
And with one more heavy pound, the door opens.
