Shorts (a collection of short stories)

By

Shaun Whittington

Copyright 2021

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events and incidents are either the products of the author’s imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.

The author uses UK English

facebook
That’s My Girl
Paranoia
Terrific Tony
The Job Interview
Angel Lust
The Expensive Carpet
Elliott’s Fantasy Goes Considerably Pear Shaped
Justice
The Bedroom Incident
A Date in the West End
Frank
Last Days of Liberty
The Archaic Shack
Poor Little Lucy
Hard to Forget
Living the Nightmare
Detention
The Snip
Shorts (a collection of short stories)
That’s My Girl
That’s My Girl

Wednesday evening couldn’t come soon enough for the workers in Armitage. James Smith got into his car and left his work a few minutes after ten. The back of his shirt was damp with sweat, and the ride home in his car was going to be a sticky and uncomfortable ride back to Hazelslade, which was four miles away. As James pulled out of his work’s entrance, he noticed a few individuals going in to The Swan for an evening pint. It tempted James but it wasn’t worth the risk of losing his licence.
James was forty-nine, divorced, had short grey hair and chocolate brown eyes. He hadn’t been involved with another woman for eight years before he met his thirty-two-year-old stunning wife, Mai Ling, on the internet. They were married within three months, which seemed to be more her idea than his, and had been living in their apartment since. Mai Ling never worked, the flat had been bought and the wages that James brought in every month from his job at Armitage Shanks, seemed to be enough for the pair of them. 
Mai Ling was a decent cook and had introduced many new splendid recipes to James’s attention. She had introduced him to a new culture by taking him to Thailand and even taught him a few words. James, on the other hand, had introduced Mai Ling to a world of sex and alcohol. She had never been drunk before she met James and had never had sex in a car either. 
She was slowly warming to the British way of life, although she found their self-indulgent attitude very eccentric. In Thailand she used to spend her evenings going for walks on the beach with her friends, or riding her bike, sometimes stopping off for a cup of tea in one of the promenade cafés. Whenever James had taken her out, people around her drank to excess, sometimes until they were unable to stand up. Some would hurl abuse at people for no apparent reason and then go to a fast food shop and eat as much as they possibly could stomach. It frightened her.
She also found it outlandish that once a week, James would insist that they have sex at a beauty spot. Mai Ling tolerated making love with James, but her argument was that they had a perfectly good bed. She gave in eventually after weeks of pestering from James. At the beauty spot, they would park in the very same place at the same time every week. It unnerved Mail Ling that there were always other cars there, but with their lights off. The area was so dark, she didn’t know if there were people in their cars or not, but James would insist that there was nothing to agonise about. 
Sometimes, when they made love in the car, she could feel eyes on her as if they were being watched from outside the car. James told her that it was normal to see silhouettes occasionally, because people liked to come up to do some night walking. He told her it was a British thing and some people did it to relax and unwind after a hectic day at work. Mai Ling gullibly believed him, but still didn’t like the idea that there were people walking about while they were having sex.
James had been taking his wife up to that place for the last six weeks, and the thrill he was getting, knowing that men were watching them at it, turned him on so much. If she found out what was really happening, James feared that their relationship would be severely damaged. Although he was stalling for time, he wasn’t quite brave enough to ask his wife what she thought about dogging. The idea of other men watching them have sex, and maybe even getting involved with his wife whilst he watched, was going to take some serious persuasion, which was why James was taking it at one stage at a time. Instead of just blurting out that he wanted to be watched by other men and he wanted to watch his own wife being fucked by a complete stranger, he thought sex in the car was a good way to progress to the next level. 
He knew she idolised him and even though he was sure she married him to be safe, secure and eventually get her hands on his healthy bank balance, she had been very understanding and patient with his demands since they got married, but this might be pushing his luck too much. James wasn’t perverted, or at least he didn’t think he was, it was just something that heightened his pleasure knowing that they were both being watched. Would his suggestion to his wife affect his marriage? 
No, she won't leave me, he thought arrogantly. She was practically a pauper when I first met her. If she says no, she says no. I won’t force her into anything, I love her too much. Besides, there’s more to life than sex anyway.
He pulled his black Renault Clio up into the drive and saw his wife waving at him from the living room window. She had no make-up on her face. She didn’t need to use any. She was so naturally beautiful, make-up would have only diminished her looks and make her look cheap. She was like a puppy that had been left in the house all day, starved from company, hypnotised by trashy daytime television programmes, but now the highlight of her day had arrived. Her husband had returned home.
“That’s my girl,” he said to himself.

*

The following day James Smith sat slouched in his armchair and was enjoying the solitude, rather than being involved in the sometimes-stifling company of his wife. He had given her money to go to Birmingham and told her to get herself anything she wanted. She insisted that he should go with her and make a day of it as she didn’t know the city very well, but he declined the offer and told her that he would prefer to be on his own and relax after his hard week at work.
He held out his hands and saw them both shaking. He knew he had drunk far too much coffee but he couldn’t help himself. He loved the stuff and was on his seventh of the day. His watch claimed that it was 3pm and he turned the TV on in time for the live rugby.
As soon as he got himself comfortable, a rap at the door interrupted his afternoon ecstasy. “For fuck’s sake,” he muttered.
He slammed the palm of his hands on the arms of the chair and staggered to his feet. Wearing his slippers, a present from Mai Ling, he shuffled his feet to the door and opened it. “Yes,” came his rude welcoming. 
A hard, lightning quick fist cracked him on the end of his nose. His eyes watered almost instantaneously when he received the blow, and his nose started to bleed, and because he had no vision, he began to panic. His legs then suddenly gave way, with the help of a kick from his attacker, and he fell to his floor with a dull thud. 
James still couldn’t see a thing, but he knew whoever it was, was inside his flat and the door had been closed. He desperately crawled on all fours across his hallway, trying to feel his way back into the living room, where he kept his phone. He didn’t know where the attacker was. He certainly wasn’t standing over him, because he couldn’t sense his presence. Whatever the attacker had in mind, he was taking his time doing it. 
James Smith was now releasing tears and pathetically wept. He was curled up on the hallway carpet, only inches away from the entrance of his living room. He now wished he was in Birmingham with his wife. He would have given anything to be dragged around dreary women’s clothes stores, to stand outside a clothes shop for an hour, waiting for her to come out empty handed. Anything to get away from this nightmare scenario he was going through. His blurry vision ultimately started to restore itself, and he wished it hadn’t when he saw the legs of his aggressor standing next to his face. 
James looked up and saw his fate when the man stood smirking, holding a boulder that covered the palm of his hand. It looked like one of the boulders from his garden rockery, which was Mai Ling’s idea.
James did his finest to plead and beg for his life, but his pleading fell on deaf ears. The attacker grabbed James by the hair and smashed the front of his skull in by raining six violent blows into it. James Smith’s life was abruptly finished. 
The front of his head looked like a bloodied jigsaw puzzle, with some fragments of his forehead lying by the side of his corpse, whilst other pieces were embedded into his soft brain from the constant force that had been applied. His skull had caved in from the constant battering it had taken, and James’s blood, that continued to empty from his head at a sluggish rate, continued to be soaked up by the carpet. 
His eyes were open and had a look of dreadfulness imprinted on them. His eyes and the horrific look on his face told a story, a story that revealed that the last emotions James Smith had felt prior to his concluding demise, was a concoction of terror and indescribable pain. 

*

“It’s done.” A male voice spoke.
Mai Ling exhaled out slowly when she heard those two words. She was standing outside a shop in Broad Street, Birmingham, when she received the call on her mobile phone.
She asked. “Did you make it look like a robbery?”
“Of course, smashed the window, and turned the place upside down. Just like we planned.” 
“He didn’t suffer, did he?”
“Nah, it was quick. Now it’s over to you. Time to put your acting head on. You need to play the bereaved wife, and then I’ll see you after the funeral. Make sure you get that life insurance in one lump sum, not in instalments.”
“I know, I know. We’ve already gone over this.” She smiled and said, “I love you, Chris.”
“Me too,” the man responded. “Don't worry. It’ll be over soon.” 
Paranoia
Paranoia

Richard Ross had just stepped out of the charity shop into the March sunshine, and was pleased to have at last found a copy of Bleak House. The fifty-six-year-old man could feel his sensitive legs slowing his pace and knew that the way his body was going, he would be practically crippled by the time he reached the retirement age. His wife Ingrid had told him for months that he should make an appointment to see the doctor, but Richard had persuaded his beloved that it was old age and the many years he had spent working in the foundry were now catching up with him. 
With his two sons now grown up and living away from home, one in Handsacre and the other in Worcester, he and his wife had more time to spend together and found that after all the years they were married, they had little in common. It took so long to find out because their lives always revolved around the kids. The visit of his son from Handsacre usually broke the monotony, especially when he brought his family, including their three-year-old daughter, Julie, who Richard and his wife worshipped the floor she stepped on. 
Richard walked in the Saturday morning sun along Upper Brook Street and decided to embark on a long morning walk, which was becoming something of a tradition. Ingrid was away visiting her friends in Cannock, so he had most of the day to himself. He decided that later he would read his book for an hour or two in the afternoon, and then watch the football results coming in at a quarter to five on the television. 
It would have sounded like a banal day for any other individual, but Richard was just happy to be alive. It had only been two years since his heart attack and although it was touch and go for a few weeks, he managed to pull through. As soon as he had the attack, Ingrid made sure that the forty a day cigarette habit went, his love for cooked breakfasts were also finished with, as well as his customary Sunday afternoon jaunt to the Red Lion pub in Brereton. 
His lifestyle had changed somewhat, and he was now determined to get himself plenty of exercise to give his heart one last chance, desperately trying to make up for his unhealthy lifestyle of the past. Going for his walk was something he eventually learned to love doing every weekend. When he first embarked on his walking he wasn’t doing it for the love of it, he was obeying his wife’s orders, as she wanted to spend her retirement with her husband and not on her own. She didn’t want to spend her retirement staring at his urn on the fireplace, wondering what could have been.
Richard whistled as he walked through the town and headed down towards the canal. He walked past St Augustine’s Church, veered a sharp left over the bridge before Power Station Road, and ended up on the dirt track by the edge of the canal. He remembered a time when the canal use to be full of activity with anglers, catching carp or rainbow trout. 
Those were the days when kids, and people in general, had respect for everything, Richard thought to himself. Those days the canal was almost transparent, but now it looked like an incalculable septic tank and a dumping place for unwanted supermarket trolleys. 
He walked along the dirt track, heading away from the small bridge, and admired some of the large houses that sat on the opposite side of the canal to his left. He continued with his walk and was pleased that he was alone, with the exception of a solitary barge that slowly glided past him, and the swarm of small flies that occasionally pestered his face, but there was no sign of humans on the path he was on. 
This was one of the central reasons why he chose to come to the canal on the mornings. There were no joggers, no fisherman, no dog walkers and no kids running around, causing mayhem by throwing stones into the water and disturbing the little amount of fish that was left in the corrupted, abandoned coffee-coloured water canal. This was the highlight of Richard’s week after spending five days a week in the paper factory.
As soon as he reached the area where the path and the canal veered right, he followed the path and crossed the small bridge to get to the other side. If he continued with the original path he would have headed out towards Abbots Bromley, and his legs were in no mood to be doing more than three miles maximum. 
Richard then walked another twenty yards and reached the archaic concrete steps that led up to a dirt path that would get him back onto the main road, the same main road that would take him to Stafford if he turned right and walked eight miles, and if he turned left he would get back to Rugeley town. Richard’s aspiration was to get to that main road, turn left, eventually get home and put his exhausted legs up after his exercise session. 
He stopped for a minute to catch his breath, and a thin film of perspiration appeared on his forehead, shimmering in the sunlight.
Richard thought he could walk for miles and had to remind himself every now and again that he was fifty six years old and had already had one heart attack, which was the main reason why he had a head full of grey hair. Sometimes the fretfulness about getting a second strike would overpower his brain, but he had to put it to the back of his mind in order to avoid unnecessary trauma.
Richard stood with his hands on his hips, looking at the steepness of the ancient steps that were crumbling away. The steps reminded him when he was a youngster. Whenever he and his friends went down by the canal, for a walk or to go fishing, they usually went the long way home, and they always ran as fast as they could up the steps to get to the main road, in case the ‘lady’ would see them. 
The steps were historically known as the ‘bloody steps,’ because back in June 1839, a woman by the name of Christina Collins was found murdered at that very same spot. Her ghost was legend in Rugeley, but never had been seen by a reliable source, only by kids under the age of twelve with an overactive imagination, and the occasional junkie, although there weren’t many addicts around in the small unassuming town.
Richard erased his mind of any more pensiveness and smiled to himself as he took his first step on the crumbling steps. Before he could move further, he felt a prickle on the back of his neck, like a sixth sense. 
Whenever he thought there was a hazard, that same prickle, which had been with him since he was a child, would transpire. It was the same kind of prickle he felt when he was pushed to the floor seven years ago by two muggers, when he and Ingrid decided to go Christmas shopping at Burton town centre. 
Feeling a coldness sliding down his back, like a melting ice cube in a heatwave, he turned round and saw a slender built man, but tall. His fists were tightly clenched, his head was down so that his face was covered, but his look was all the more menacing as he looked ahead in a trance like state, slowly walking. 
“You all right, pal?” Richard tautly called out. 
The man continued to walk towards Richard. The back of Richard’s neck prickled even more as the man got closer. His strides were lengthy and his face turned irate, but still nothing came out of his mouth. The man’s quietness made the situation uncomfortably threatening and Richard felt faint.
I don’t believe this. Richard thought. He’s actually coming for me. Why? Oh God, no! What have I done?
The man was now only thirty yards away, and there was no doubt that whoever it was and why ever he was doing it, he was heading straight for Richard, and it looked like he was intending to do the middle aged man some serious physical harm. 
The man’s scissor strides quickened and an anxious Richard, who could feel excruciating pains in his chest all of a sudden, clambered up the old steps also using his hands, like a child running up a steep staircase. As he frantically climbed, all of a sudden he began to sob. 
Reaching the top of the steps seemed to take forever, and during his climb he was convinced he was going to feel the hand of a man grab him from behind, or the penetration of a blunt object cracking the back of his skull. He was convinced that he couldn’t possibly outrun this younger, leaner individual, but he certainly wasn’t going to stand there and take the violence without trying to run away. If the individual did grab him on the steps, he was hoping that whatever happened to him, would happen quickly and as painlessly as possible.
For all Richard knew, his aggressor may have only been ten yards behind him, but he never looked round once, he just ran for his life. He ran as hard, and as fast as any fifty-six-year-old with a heart condition could. Once he came out onto the main road the relief that he felt was indescribable, especially when he realised that whoever it was, they never got as far as the top of the steps. But he was now on the main road, where he was surrounded by human life, potential witnesses. 
Once he managed to get his breath back, and the euphoria of not being murdered had diminished slightly, confusion reared its ugly head. 
Why on earth would that man try and scare me like that? Richard questioned himself. I’ve done nothing wrong. Was it mistaken identity? Was I exaggerating? Was my mind playing tricks? I was so wrapped up about thinking about my childhood and the murder and the bloody steps, maybe I just freaked myself out. The same way I do when I go upstairs, and have to look behind me to make sure that there’s no one there. 
Maybe its just old age? The older and weaker we get, and the more horrific stories we read in the local newspapers, the more frightened and paranoid I become because we’re getting too frail to defend ourselves. The guy was probably just going for a walk like me, but I had that feeling again, that feeling I rarely get on the back of my neck. 
He looked round the alley and saw the man reach the top of the steps. He then proceeded to walk forward towards Richard. The fifty-six-year-old felt another sharp pain in his chest and out of sheer panic, he ran across the road to get to the other side. 
Not looking, he made impact with an oncoming Cherokee Jeep. His body was thrown thirty feet forward as the jeep screeched to a halt. His lifeless body rolled and rolled and rolled, until the momentum of his bloodied and broken body eventually halted. 
Two elderly ladies let out a scream as they saw the lifeless body of Richard Ross. His face saturated in fresh blood, his clothes torn and shredded from the rolling and grazing on the tarmac. 
Richard’s male follower appeared out of the alley onto the main road to see the carnage, and looked just as shocked as the two ladies. 
“John!” one of the ladies shouted to Richard’s follower. “Have you a phone so I can call the police?”
The young, lean man stood there in shock, holding a brown leather wallet.
“What have you got there?” the lady asked. 
She gently took the wallet off him and opened it up. It belonged to Richard Ross. 
John took out a phone from his pocket and handed it over to the senior citizen.
Her other shaken elderly friend called out, “Why doesn’t he phone them?”
“He can’t speak! This is my friend’s son, John.” she called back. “He’s a mute. That poor man must have dropped his wallet, and John must have been trying to give that poor man his wallet back. Is that right?”
John tearfully nodded and looked over to the body.
Terrific Tony
Terrific Tony

Every time Shane tried to plan an evening alone with Harriet, something happened or something or someone got in the way. The week before, everything was going well until a face from the past disturbed him, and the other chance he had ended up with the pair of them drinking too much wine, causing Harriet to pass out. 
It was 7pm, Friday evening, the kids had been taken to their nan’s for the night and Shane was waiting on his wife to make an appearance to start off the weekend on a romantic note. She rang earlier to tell Shane she was held up in a meeting and that she would be back at half past six at the latest. She was running thirty minutes late. 
Feeling sorry for himself, Shane poured himself a generous measure of whisky from the kitchen cupboard, went into the living room and slouched on the sofa. He looked at the clock that sat on the fireplace and could feel his wayward emotions beginning to implant seeds of jealousy in his mind. 
Where on earth is she? Is she out drinking with her colleagues or is she out with Tony?
It didn’t take Shane long to finish the whisky and he got up to get himself another large measure.
As time passed, his eyes became bloodshot, and cupping his fifth whisky, Shane tried to focus his blurred vision at the clock once more. It was nearly eight o’clock. He suddenly became temporarily blinded by the brightness that filled the living room. It was a set of headlights from a car that had just pulled up outside. He pulled the blinds back to see his wife get out of the Jaguar. His eyes were transfixed on his wife who giggled and was heard through the double glazing living room window, saying stridently: “Tony, you are terrible.” 
Shane headed straight for the front door and staggered outside.
“Shane?” Harriet, who was shocked by the state that her husband was in, was standing by the opened passenger door. “Are you drunk?”
“Yeah.” Shane was taken by surprise by the fresh air, which seemed to enhance his stupor.
He saw a smartly dressed man in his late thirties/early forties, get out of the Jaguar. He walked towards Shane with his hand out. “You must be Shane,” he said, wearing a self-righteous smile on his face.
Shane didn’t respond promptly. At first he studied the man’s looks. His thin face look tanned, and he had one of those floppy hairdos that Shane hated. He always thought that men like that were trying to hold on to their youth. He probably dyed his hair as well. The man was wearing thin rimmed spectacles, which made him look extremely intelligent and the shape of his body suggested that he kept himself fit, as there were no signs of fat from his midriff and he had no double chin and no excess fat around his face.
As Shane glared at Tony, he envisaged pulling out a handgun and gunning the man down right there on his drive. One gunshot would do it. One slug straight in the middle of his head, maybe even powerful enough for the slug to come out the other side and see some of Tony’s brain matter splat onto the drive before his body did the same? 
You good looking bastard!
“Shane, don’t be so rude,” was Harriet’s response to her husband behaviour, who just stood and stared at the man.
“I’ve heard great things about you, Shane,” the man continued, “Harriet never stops talking about you.”
To Shane’s ears, it sounded like the man was being patronising. Shane had no perfect body, no perfect car, no perfect job, no perfect lifestyle, but he had a perfect family and was feeling threatened by his wife’s long hours. Were the long hours always work related? Shane shook the man’s hand, and the man smiled satisfactorily, ignoring the drunken state Shane was in. 
“My name’s Tony.” he announced. “I’m Harriet’s boss.” 
Shane immediately released Tony’s hand and threw his head forward. His forehead connected with Tony’s nose, and an immediate burst of crimson was released due to the ferocious attack. Tony fell to the floor, cupping his nose in disbelief and cried out in alarm. Harriet screamed at her husband and punched him once in the chest. 
“What are you doing?” she yelled. “What the hell’s wrong with you?”
Shane stood and watched his wife go over and comfort her boss, who was now sitting on the pavement next to his Jaguar, dabbing his bloodied face with a handkerchief he kept in his breast pocket. He looked to Shane occasionally, making sure the lunatic wasn’t going to land another blow whilst he was sitting on the cold concrete. Shane turned his back on the two of them, and headed indoors, leaving the front door open. 
Ten minutes had passed, and Shane heard the front door slam. He stood in the kitchen, leaning against the cooker, waiting for his wife to storm into the house and give him a lecture. He wasn’t to be disappointed.
“What the fuck was that all about?”
Shane shrugged. “I don’t like him.”
“What kind of excuse is that, for Christ’s sake? You’re lucky Tony’s not going to the police and charging you with assault. I’m lucky I’ve still got a job!”
“That’s all you’re bothered about!” Shane retaliated. “You and your fucking job.” 
“Oh, don’t talk rubbish.”
“How many hours have you spent with your workmates this week and then compare it to the amount of hours you’ve spent with your family? When was the last time we made love? When was the last time we when out as a family for a meal? On Sundays all you wanna do is sit around and look at paperwork. So when you do eventually get home, you still bring it home with you.”
“I know what this is really about.”
“What?”
“You’re jealous of anyone that is successful. Anyone who dresses smartly or drives a fancy car, you always try to put them down. You see with Tony—”
Shane interrupted, “TonyTonyTonyTonyTonyTonyTonyTonyTony… When you do get home that is all you talk about, fuckin’ Terrific Tony. I’m sick of it. I’m sick of hearing the bastard’s name.”
“I know what you think when I’m at work, when I’m working the long hours, or grabbing a drink before I get home.”
“What are you talkin’ about?” 
“Shane, I’m not banging the boss.”
Shane was taken aback by his wife’s blunt outburst.
“We do have a great working relationship,” she continued, “but to tell you the truth, I don’t fancy him, and even if I did, I wouldn’t be stupid enough to risk everything for a silly office fling. You’re just gonna have to trust me, because this job is important to me. It’s not as important as my family, by any means, but it is still important, and whether you like it or not, it keeps us living in this house.”
Shane lowered his head and looked subdued, the alcohol was making his eyes weary. “Don’t you even fancy him a little bit?”
“No.”
“Not even with his Italian suits, his Jaguar, his mega fit body, his—”
“Definitely not. That’s one of the things that puts me off Tony as a person. He’s too materialistic. He likes his big name cars, his fancy suits, his overpriced restaurants where you pay the earth for a grated carrot and a couple of peas with a slice of chicken breast. Tony isn’t the type of person who goes into a family pub and orders a pint of lager and a mixed grill.”
“So he’s a pretentious prick?”
“In some ways,” Harriet chortled a little, which lightened the overall mood, “yeah, I suppose he is. But he’s a good guy to work for. When he’s pissed off, he never takes his anger out on me or any of the other staff.” 
“Probably because he wants to have sex with you.”
“Maybe he does, but that’s not my fault. What do you want me to do, Shane? Not to wash my hair so he finds me repulsive, never wax my legs again, never brush my teeth so they eventually fall out? You want me to pile on the pounds?”
“It’d be a start.”
Harriet walked over to her husband and wrapped her arms around his waist. She lowered her head into his chest and sighed, “Oh, Shane. You shouldn’t have done what you did. You do realise, I’ve got some serious sucking up to do now.”
“I’m sorry, I just didn’t think.”
“Of course, you realise your little plan has probably backfired.”
“What are you talking about?”
“Well, now you’ve assaulted the boss, I’ll have to sleep with him now.”
They both gently laughed and remained embraced for a few moments, and after a glass of white wine each, they went upstairs and went to sleep.

*

The next night, the kids had been put to bed, and after their showers, Harriet and Shane relaxed on the sofa. Shane had flicked through the menu on their cable television and realised that even though they had hundreds of channels, there was nothing worth watching. At last, he had Harriet all to himself for the night and they had a few bottles of red wine to get through. Perfect.
“It isn’t finished, is it?” Harriet slurred from the living room.
“Yep.” Shane shouted from the kitchen, about to open the second bottle. “Fancy another?”
“Have you opened the bottle yet?”
A loud pop came from the kitchen.
“It’s open.”
“Okay, I’ll have another, seem as though the bottle’s open now.” She laughed, and cackled uncontrollably.
“You’re drunk.” Shane walked in the room, holding two glasses of red wine. “You’ll wake the kids up.”
“I’m just letting my hair down after a stressful day.”
Shane took a loud slurp from his glass and was beginning to feel the effects of the first bottle. They both had a conversation about Shane’s work and he started to slate some of his peculiar colleagues. 
“Leave them alone,” Harriet was disappointed in her husband. “They’re not doing anything to you. Those poor people. I bet they slag you off when they get a chance.”
“You have to be there.” Shane said. “They annoy the hell out of me.”
Harriet hiccupped. She put her hand over her mouth and giggled, despite the hiccup bringing a little acid to the back of her throat. 
“I think you’ve had enough,” Shane joked.
His wife agreed.
Shane took the glass of wine off his wife and poured the remains of both glasses down the sink. He flicked on the kettle and as he waited for the kettle to boil, he put on his phone to check their emails. In the “recently deleted” email section, there was one to Harriet from Tony. The email mentioned about making up a story to throw Shane off ‘the trail’ and that a hotel had already been booked in London for one night in the next two weeks. The email finished off with the sentence. “Can’t wait to get you all to myself. Love Tony.”
Shane’s suspicions had been confirmed and he seemed to immediately sober up reading this hurtful email. He tried to fight back his stinging eyes, and felt he couldn’t even speak as his swollen throat had paralysed his speech temporarily. 
He walked back into the living room. Harriet had fallen asleep, her body was outstretched across the sofa and Shane had fallen in love with her all over again just by looking at her. He proudly stood for a minute, admiring his beautiful wife, ignoring the fact that she was inebriated.
I’m so lucky she’ll always be mine. His face beamed with smugness. The smitten Shane stood for a further minute staring at his wife, his childhood sweetheart. She looked like an angel, but there was no chance Shane was going to risk breaking his back by carrying her to bed. He leant over, and kissed her gently on the forehead. 
Shane then walked over to the cushion, sitting on the couch, gently rolled Harriet onto her back and placed the cushion firmly onto her face. The half soused Harriet put up a timid fight and as seconds slowly passed, her waving arms stopped waving, and she stopped breathing. Shane kept the cushion there for another half a minute before standing up and composing himself. 
He walked into the kitchen and opened up a bottle of painkillers. There were only seventeen left. Enough? He swallowed the pills and washed them down with a glass of water.
Shane smiled with tears in his eyes. Still holding the cushion, he began slowly walking upstairs ... to his children’s bedrooms.
The Job Interview
The Job Interview

Monday morning had arrived and a smile emerged on Tristan’s face when he heard the twitter of the housemartins outside his bedroom window. It reminded him of Sundays. He used to hear the same resonance when he was a child living on the Pear Tree Estate with his mum and dad.
When he was young, he would lie in bed and listen to the birds singing for hours, and at ten o’clock in the morning, right on cue, their songs would be rudely interrupted by the strident bells that clumsily clanged together from the ‘Church of the Good Shepherd’ that was only a matter of yards away from his house, near the youth club at the top of Hislop Road. 
He reminisced about hanging out with his three pals, Simon Johnson, Ian Miller and Alan Dawson. They used to do everything together from the ages of five to their teens before Tristan withdrew in himself, and chose not to socialise with them anymore. This baffled all three of them, but Tristan had his reasons and when they left school they all went their separate ways. 
He remembered where they used to play up the woods, before contractors ripped out the trees to build houses. He remembered his school days at Pear Tree Primary and the wickedness of the tyrannical headmaster, Mr Jackson. A roar from Mr Jackson’s voice could make a child shit themselves from thirty yards away. Tristan also remembered the church disco on a Tuesday night that he and his friends used to go to. The cubs and scouts on a Wednesday evening was another highlight, and there was first aid classes on a Friday night, especially for the under tens, which usually involved most children from the Pear Tree Estate. 
His mind went back to when he was about four or five years old, when he would go for a traditional walk with his dad to the bookmakers every Saturday. Tristan, who never saw his dad during the week because of his shift pattern, would go out and play, but he always returned at half past four and sit with his dad on a Saturday afternoon. They would both sit together patiently, waiting for the UK football results to come in. Tristan would be baffled to hear such strange teams like West Ham, Queen of the South and Tottenham Hotspurs. He would sometimes remember the groans coming from his dad when the Aston Villa score would come through. Those innocent and simple days would never return, and they were gone forever now that his dad was dead. 
Being out of work was as depressing as it could get for young Tristan, but he finally had got himself a job interview Monday morning. It wasn’t the greatest job in the world, but it was a job all the same. 

*

It was Monday and Tristan could feel his armpits starting to get damp. He checked his shirt for any unwanted stains and was reassured that there were none. 
The job was in a music shop. Tristan had never used chip and pin or a cash register in his life, but he knew his music. As well as drink, he spent most of his teenage years escaping into music. He felt comfortable as soon as he shook hands with the manager, although he felt old and slightly embarrassed that the manager looked five years younger than the twenty-six-year-old Tristan. 
The manager had taken Tristan through a door where the three till operators stood. The modest shop was a lot bigger than Tristan had anticipated, as the manager lead him through what seemed like endless corridors with walls painted a brilliant white. Tristan’s nerves had returned. He didn’t know where the hell this guy was taking him, and he felt like Winston Smith on his way to room 101. Thankfully, they eventually arrived at the manager’s office. 
The manager said. “Please, sit down.” 
The office looked more like a teenager’s bedroom and Tristan felt a little insulted that this individual, who knew that he had an interview to execute, couldn’t be bothered to tidy up his litter filled, burger-smelling office.
The manager introduced himself as Simon Watkins. Simon stuttered his way through a five-minute speech about the uninteresting background of the company. He told Tristan how long he had worked there and that he had only been manager for the last two months. He then threw the spotlight over to Tristan.
“So tell me about you,” he said.
Tristan shrugged his shoulders. “Erm … I’m twenty-six, I’m hoping to get this job because at the moment I’m living with my sister and I need to pay my way. Basically, I lived down south for a while and I moved back to start afresh. I just need a chance to get back on my feet.” 
Simon sat opposite Tristan. His Italian looks and chiselled jaw wasn’t fooling Tristan. He noticed that Simon was nervous, whether it was Tristan’s presence or it was his first time interviewing someone, he didn’t look like a man packed with confidence. He picked up a piece of paper that sat on his desk in front of him, Tristan peered at the paper and saw a list of interview questions for him. 
The guy’s more nervous than I am, Tristan thought. Poor soul, probably spent most of his time coming up with those questions as soon as the jobcentre informed him that there was someone interested in the post. 
“Let’s see.” Simon tried to sound confident, but his top lip quivered slightly and so did his hand when he picked up the paper. Knowing that he was physically shaking, Simon put the paper back on the desk and uncomfortably folded his arms. Tristan pitied him, but at the same time it quashed his own tension. How on earth Simon managed to get a manager’s post was anyone’s guess? 
“How-how much money are you seeking, Mr Thomas?”
“I’ll take minimum wage, if that’s all it is. I don’t care.”
Simon nodded once with approval and glanced an eye back to the paper. Then he asked, “I understand that your experience working in a shop is very limited, is it not?”
“That maybe the case, but I bet I know more about music that any of your other staff.”
“Is that right?”
“Try me.”
Simon was a little exasperated by Tristan’s arrogance, and even though he had the power to terminate the interview and tell him that he felt he wasn’t right for the job, he continued nevertheless.
Simon asked. “Where do you see yourself in five year’s time?”
“In a mirror.”
“What?” 
Tristan raised a smile and Simon took a while to think about Tristan’s sharp answer and also raised a smile, a false one. Simon realised that this guy was a little too off the wall for him.  
Simon continued. “What was the last three books you have read?”
“Books?”
“We don’t just sell music, we have a small book section as well.” 
“The last three books?” Tristan rubbed his stubbly chin. Shit! Forgot to shave! “I don’t read books, I read short stories though. I don’t have the patience to read six hundred page novels, life’s too short.”
“What were they?”
“Just old stuff by Guy De Maupassant, Anton Chekhov, people like that.” 
Simon looked impressed, although he had never heard of the names that Tristan had just spoke of. He leaned over slightly to read the next question from the sheet and scrunched his face with despair.
“Let’s cut to the chase,” an exasperated Tristan announced, and rudely took a look at his wristwatch. “Have I got the job or not?”
“No,” Simon said sharply. The answer came out of Simon’s mouth before he had time to think about it. The young manager was insulted by Tristan’s arrogance and impatience.
“Fine.” Tristan calmly stood to his feet.
Simon did the same and held out his hand to shake Tristan’s. Simon wasn’t expecting the right hook to his cheekbone and fell immediately to the floor. 
Tristan walked round Simon’s desk where he lay moaning, and stamped on the young man’s face with the heel of his shoe. His young cheekbone was fractured immediately, and more damage occurred as Tristan frantically stamped on Simon’s head, his facial bones cracking under the weight of Tristan’s fury. 
The attacker was quickly tiring, and decided to stand on the body and hold onto the desk with both hands for support, and jumped up and down, three times, to inflict more damage with both feet to the already fractured skull.
The exhausted Tristan looked down to see a motionless Simon and was satisfied with his work. The young manager was a mess. He resembled a shotgun victim that Tristan had seen on one of the gory websites he had visited in the past.
“Thanks for wasting my time!”
Tristan wiped his head on the forearm of his new shirt. It was now soaked. He spat on the floor of the office, and walked out of the office, slamming the door behind him.
Angel Lust
Angel Lust

The sun shone brilliantly over Rugeley town. To feel its joyful yellow blaze had been worth the wait for its residents, although it looked like a few objectionable black clouds were not too far away, plotting their ambush on the huge ball of fire to suffocate its shine. As soon as a modest eighteen degrees could be felt, more people across the town left their homes. People started to wash their cars, mow their lawns, walk their dogs and enjoy the town’s excellent greenery and countryside. Not everyone was enjoying the re-emergence of the sun in spite of this.
Kelly Thomas had had a laborious afternoon, and the last thing she needed now was the air temperature to increase. When she left the supermarket, she then realised that she hadn’t enough money to get a taxi and she had missed the bus by two minutes. Being on her own, she had made the brave decision (her only option) to walk home carrying the four bags of shopping, two in each hand. They must have been at least six kilos each and was making her deltoids ache with unwanted tenderness. If only I could drive, she thought. Then her thoughts went to her ineffectual partner. If only John hadn’t have been caught four times over the limit last year, I wouldn’t have to do this. He wouldn’t have been any use to me today anyway, the state he was in last night.
The sweat trickled from her hair and forehead down her face. Some of the salt water trickled into her eyes, causing them to sting, others ran by the side of her eyes and ran down her cheeks, irritating her skin. It was only a mile to get home, but it was a lengthy mile, especially for an unfit fifty-three-year-old woman carrying twelve kilos of groceries in a warm environment. 
At last, the arduous task had finished and she had made it home. As soon as she let herself into the kitchen she practically dropped the bags on the floor. She was drenched, agitated and exhausted. She looked round to the kitchen door and noticed that it was already unlocked. She left it unlocked when she went to the shops and it was still unlocked and there was no sound of any movement in the house, or a TV or radio blaring from the living room or from upstairs.
“Lazy shit.” Kelly scorned. “I can’t believe he’s still in bed.”
She gulped a tumbler of water so fast that she was in danger of either choking or fainting, because she didn’t give herself time to breathe as she gulped the refreshing liquid furiously down. She checked her watch and decided that John should be wakened. She headed upstairs and passed the sofa. 
She stamped her tired feet on the stairs, which seemed steeper than normal because it felt like she had lead weight inserted into her thighs, and she headed upwards towards the hallway. She could feel a dull throbbing coming from her left breast. She put her hand on the area where she had been squeezed too hard the previous night and winced slightly. Putting the pain to the back of her mind, she completed the onerous task of reaching the top of the stairs. As soon as she got to the top, she walked three steps to their bedroom door and pushed open the door. “Come on, lazy bones.”
Her bottom jaw dropped slowly like a drawbridge, her eyes widened, raising her pencil thin brows further towards her hairline and her carotid pulse thumped violently from inside the side of her neck. There were no tears or wailings from the stunned female. The astonishment of what she was seeing had numbed her nerves.
John’s naked body lay on the bed, the bed had been made and he was lying on top of the sheets. Both of his hands were near his groin, as if he was feeling a chill, but he was feeling nothing. A wooden peg was clamped on his nose, blocking both nostrils and the leg part from a pair of Kelly’s tights, hung out of his mouth, and the rest of the tights were in his mouth. 
If John hadn’t have been dead, the unspeakable picture would have been laughable, but Kelly wasn’t laughing. Her partner was dead. He may have had his faults and he may have done some dire things in the past, but he was her partner and he had died in the most unconventional circumstances. It looked like John had fancied a quick, crafty sexual morning fix, whilst his partner was away to the shops.
She went over to her partner and studied him for a few seconds. She then pulled at the leg of her tights that was hanging out of his mouth, and the whole garment eventually fell out. She tried to lift his legs so she could get his exposed cold body covered up, but he was too heavy, so she took her housecoat that was hanging on the back of the door, and covered him from the waist down. She wanted him to gain back some of the dignity that he had lost. 
Kelly’s mind went into overdrive once her brain returned to its normal status. Although she was convinced John had accidentally killed himself, by trying something that would take him to new pleasurable heights, it didn’t stop her feeling disappointed. She disapproved of the way he had died. She thought to herself that at least when they were swapping partners, they were doing something together with each other’s blessing, but this was something that he preferred to do on his own, which hurt her. She thought that they never had secrets, but she was obviously incorrect making that assumption. 
Minutes later, she was back downstairs and as she sat on the sofa, her hands cupped round a mug of hot coffee. She was amazed at herself just how unruffled she was, and she was still yet to shed tears and there wasn’t a sign of a single one just yet. Her feelings were more of disenchantment more than anything else and it was eating away at her that, despite that her partner had just died, the main thing that was killing her was the reason why he died. 
Why would John resort to playing with himself when he had more than enough on offer when it came to females? She shook her head rapidly, mentally reprimanding herself. How could she ask such a question so soon, when she should really be heartbroken over her lover’s death? Maybe she didn’t love him, not real love. 
The more time she had to think, the more her feelings became fanatical, and there wasn’t one motive she hadn’t pursued. She briefly wondered whether it was indeed an accident, after all, she did leave the back door open, which meant anyone could have gotten in whilst her partner was asleep. 
John may have got his kicks by having sexual relations with other women, and watching his own partner with another man, but he never expressed a desire in masturbation, in fact he hated masturbation. He told Kelly once that it was for teenagers and women were for men. Maybe there was someone else in the room with him.
Her mind wandered and she began to think about her brother, Tom. Maybe it was Tom. Maybe he tried to make it look like some kind of kinky accidental death. She was beginning to psychologically torture herself with endless questions and theories. 
Before Tom was sent to prison, John and Tom had a huge row over money. Although he didn’t specify what it was for, Tom wanted to lend money from John for a card game he had lined up. John refused and failed to persuade Tom that he was broke. Tom didn’t believe him, and why should he after his sister’s full house win at the bingo three weeks ago? Tom threw a punch John’s way before he left, which caught John square on the jaw, knocking him unconscious. That was the last time Kelly had seen Tom. Tom was many things, but a killer? Over a couple of grand? 
Her mind started to unwind and relax. She was now beginning to think straight. 
She sat for longer than five minutes, drenched in melancholy, and she nodded her head repeatedly and apologised to Tom in her head. How could she think such a thing about her own brother? He had his faults, like John, but he wouldn’t kill him and hurt the feelings of his own sister. 
She continued to nod her head, and her mind had now persuaded her that her partner was the victim of his own sexual experimentation and curiosity that went drastically wrong. She had to accept it for her own sanity, because she was convinced that that was exactly what the result would be after the post mortem.
She decided to call the emergency services and then she finally released tears of sorrow before she could even dial a number. She hung up and decided to compose herself before calling them for a second time. She decided to go back upstairs to see her partner. She looked at his body. It wasn’t exactly cold, and she pulled the housecoat back once again and saw that her dead partner had an erection. 
She had read about this once, about the recently deceased still having an erection after death. 
Feeling strangely turned on, she undressed herself from the waist down, pushed her partner back onto his back and carefully crouched above his waist. 
She made love to him for the last time.
The Expensive Carpet
The Expensive Carpet

I can still see his dark brown eyes gazing up at me. His face pleading me to help him. But I just stood there, motionless, staring at my victim. He was desperately clutching onto his throat, but the wound was so deep, the blood rushed out of the open wound, spilling out and ruining our expensive bedroom carpet that gladly soaked his mess up like a sponge. 
I remembered thinking: “It took me twenty hours overtime to pay for that.” He didn’t seem to mind about the carpet, he was too busy desperately trying to cover the deep incision with his bloodied hands, but his efforts were fruitless, he was dead within a minute. 
That’s when his hands dropped from his wound area and fell to his side, and the body gently slumped onto the floor. Blood was still spilling out but at a much slower rate as he lay there motionless. 
I’ll never forget it. It’ll be the most vivid memory I’ll ever have. Even when I’m sitting up in a hospital bed being fed food through a tube when I’m eighty years old, I’m pretty sure this memory will be pretty difficult to erase as I think it’s fair to say it’s carved into my mind now. 
I’m not a violent man, never have been. But we all have something deep down inside of us that just snaps. I don’t know what it is. It’s something that I never thought existed in me, and the funny thing is, I don’t really have any regrets. Not enough to keep me awake on a night, that’s for sure. Every night I sleep like a baby. 
According to my prison psychologist, this piece that I’m writing may help me to understand why I did it and help me ‘come to terms’ with what I’d done. He also said if it was good enough he may get it published in one of his wacky magazines that he reads if the Governor allows it. (No profit, of course). Personally, I don’t feel I need to come to terms with anything. I know what I’ve done, and like I just mentioned before, I have no regrets. 
I think this must have been the only person she had had sex with outside our relationship because, quite frankly, she wasn’t really any good at it, having an affair that is.
Let’s look at the facts: The sex stopped. It didn’t decrease; it just stopped. Now there’s a sign straight away. I read that some cheating partners would ‘allow’ their partner to have sex with them once in a while just to throw them of the scent. Anyway, my girlfriend didn’t even bother to do that. Rookie mistake. She also became too secretive, getting up to text in the middle of the night when she thought I was sleeping. Now even the most trusting partner would feel uncomfortable with that. Wouldn’t they? 
Her phone’s outbox and inbox messages were always deleted. Yes, I did start to check them, but no sex for six weeks and midnight texting tends to rouse your suspicions. She changed her password on her social network site that she used, when before we used to share it. I used to look at hers and we would have a laugh at some of the pictures and comments. She used to look at mine and blah de fucking blah! 
She was losing weight, she had joined a gym, she was becoming more interested in make-up. Sounds trivial? I used to come in early from work and she’d be on her laptop and you could see the panic written all over her face as she quickly logged off. 
“Who are you chatting to?” I would pretend to tease. When really I meant: “Who the fuck are you chatting to?” 
Then the defensive response would occur, she couldn’t help it. “I’m not talking to anyone! God, what’s wrong? Don’t you trust me or something?” 
You could almost hear the guilt in her voice. Like I said, she wasn’t very good at it.
It was a shame really. We had been together for only three years, yet I thought at the age of thirty five, I finally found someone I could settle down with, maybe even have a family with. I planned on doing parent shit like going to the park, feeding the ducks, change nappies, that kind of stuff. Wasn’t to be though. We did try for a year for a baby, but then just gave up. I wanted to see a doctor, but she said if it was meant to happen it would happen. She was only thirty, so I thought I’d bide my time for a couple of years before bringing the subject up again.
Before I found out about her affair properly, I was at work and it seemed just like another normal day. I still remember it so well. My boss at work took one look at my face and said, “My goodness, you look awful. Have you got a bug?”
I didn’t know what the hell he was on about. I felt absolutely fine, never better, but I decided to play on it. “I think so,” I replied. Two minutes later he sent me home, so I went to the bus stop, waited for my bus and hopped on, hoping to surprise the wife. Maybe even have time to go to the movies, I thought.
I got off the bus when it arrived at my destination, and jogged over the main road to get to the other side of the street where my house was situated. I looked up and noticed that our bedroom curtains were closed. 
A couple of months ago I would have thought nothing of it, but after her secrecy and lack of appetite in the bedroom, something niggled away in the back of my head. I decided to take the house key out of my pocket and gently placed it into the lock, trying to make as little noise as possible. 
I thought to myself if she was in the middle of a passionate clinch she probably wouldn’t hear anything anyway, but they might just be getting started, or finished, or they might not even be anyone up there, just her upstairs having a crafty daytime nap.
So I carefully shut the door behind me and listened out for any kind of noise. Nothing. I carefully took off my boots. I was paranoid about the floorboards. They had been put down by my brother about two or three months ago, and there were a couple that would creak quite loudly whenever you stepped on them, but I kept on forgetting which of the two floorboards they were. So I jumped over the area where roughly the floorboards were, and made a soft landing, thanks to my thick black socks that were still attached to my feet. 
I remained still and even held my breath for a matter of seconds as I stood at the bottom of the stairs. Still, I could hear nothing. That’s when I decided to creep up the stairs and thought to myself if she was on her own and confronted me and asked why the hell was I sneaking around, I could tell her that I thought she was sleeping and I didn’t want to wake her. Although it had now come to the point where I didn’t trust her. But I didn’t want her to know that I didn’t trust her. 
I then heard a noise that made my heart thump against my ribcage. I don’t know whether it was the shock or anger, but I heard a male laugh, followed by audible words along the lines of: “You’re crazy, you know that?” 
His voice sounded familiar, even at that muffled state.
For some reason, that I still don’t understand to this day, I went back downstairs into the kitchen and pulled out of my tool box, what Americans would call a box cutter, and what people from the UK would call a Stanley knife. I purchased it because it was what my brother and I used to lay the expensive carpet down in our bedroom a few weeks back. We needed the knife to cut strips off to make sure it was a good fit. I remembered the blade in the knife becoming a little blunt and replacing it for the final two cuts. So it was practically a new blade. 
If I were the owner of a handgun, I would have used that. If I were the owner of a shotgun, I would have used that. But the box cutter was the first thing I could find. 
I casually walked upstairs and now I could hear her voice, saying complimentary things about the man’s performance in the bedroom department. Don’t ask me why, but that really hurt. 
I stood close by the bedroom door and could feel my heavy breath bouncing off it. The door wasn’t shut properly. All I needed to do was push it ajar, but I just stood there, contemplating whether this was a good idea or not. Good idea is probably the wrong phrase to use. A necessity? Did I really need to do this? 
This was the woman I wanted to spend the rest of my life with, and she had rewarded my loyalty and devotion by acting out the ultimate betrayal. She was having a good time. Not with me. But she was having a good time on my fucking bed and he was banging her on it. And then I was thinking he was probably now standing up in all his glory on my fucking carpet. The same carpet that I had paid for, doing twenty hours of fucking overtime! 
I pushed the door ajar, not knowing what I was going to find. I had a vision of a six foot eight, 320lb bodybuilder standing there in all his glory. In that situation, the box cutter would seem pretty hopeless. 
The opened door revealed an average man, of average weight. The guy was wearing only his briefs and stared at me aghast. He certainly wasn’t expecting me, and he certainly wasn’t expecting me to strike him in his throat with the box cutter that I held tightly in my right hand. I swiped with my right hand, good and hard, and let both arms relax by my side after the action had taken place. It was a good strike. 
Beginner’s luck? I don’t know, but it was a good strike all the same.
He fell to the floor, desperately trying to feel for the wound. I could probably understand what he was going through at that time. He was probably thinking: “Did he actually get me? Is this really happening?” It must have been quite a surreal moment for him. Seeing his own blood spilling down his front. Knowing he was going to die. 
He held out his hands in front of his eyes to see if he was dreaming. His eyes widened like saucers as he saw the dark stuff covered over his hands that was oozing out from the severed throat. The panic on his face was obvious. I’m not great on anatomy and physiology, but I must have caught an artery or something, because I never expected so much blood to come out in a matter of seconds. I looked down at my carpet and sighed hard at the mess that was occurring before my eyes. All that overtime for nothing. It still irks me now looking back. I slogged my guts out for that.
Everything seemed quiet as this was going on, as if someone had put on the mute button. All I could hear was my heavy breathing inside my head. Maybe I was in shock myself. 
When I pushed that door ajar, I hadn’t a clue what I was really going to do. But I had done it, and there was no going back. Suddenly, noises slowly faded into my ears and I could hear a mixture of my wife screaming and muffled choking noises coming from the victim, which stopped once the man slumped to the floor.
I turned round to see my girl and felt pity for her. I have never seen her so afraid. I remember saying to her over and over again: “Don’t worry. I’m not going to hurt you. I’m not going to hurt you.” 
I dropped the knife to the floor, walked around the fresh corpse to comfort her, but her screaming increased in volume and the fear etched on her face was so apparent, I decided to walk back to the other side of the bedroom. I remembered standing against the wall and slowly squatting with my back sliding down the wall. Once my rear end touched the floor, I pulled my knees up to my chest and took my phone out of my front pocket. 
She said in a teary voice. “What are you doing?”
I replied. “I’m turning myself in.”
Those words seemed to have calmed her a little. I think then she knew I wasn’t there to hurt her. I couldn’t hurt her. As strange as this may sound, I still loved her, I still wanted to spend the rest of my life with her, and I still wanted to have a family with her. But I didn’t regret what I had done. 
I had just killed my brother. I couldn’t kill my girl as well.
Elliot’s Fantasy Goes Considerably Pear Shaped
Elliot’s Fantasy Goes Considerably Pear Shaped

“Are you sure you want to do this?” Elliot Paul asked his girlfriend, as they both headed for Wakefield’s cemetery.
“Why not?” Melissa shrugged, and sneered. “You wanted to spice up our sex life.”
Elliot sighed hard and shook his head. His frustration was aimed at himself. No matter what he did, Elliot always seemed to screw things up. 
It all started when they began watching a movie. The couple in the movie were having sex in the cemetery and it had always been a fantasy of Elliot’s as well as being involved in a threesome, involving two girls. He never really had time to put his brain in gear when he suddenly blurted out that they should do something different like the couple on the television, and make things more exciting.
Melissa took his proposition badly, and became incensed and displeased that her boyfriend of only five months, had begun to think that their sex life was already becoming monotonous. 
Only minutes after the movie finished, and fuelled with anger, she grabbed his hand and told him if that’s what he wanted then they’d go to Wakefield’s cemetery immediately. Elliot was delighted, but Melissa was only trying to make a point that he shouldn’t always be fooled by the movies. In real life a graveyard would be cold, wet, and full of unidentified insects crawling around in the lawn.
Melissa couldn’t fathom why sex in a cemetery could be so exciting anyway. Was it the idea of having sex surrounded by a bunch of hidden corpses? The thought of it didn’t stimulate Melissa at all.
The October night was humid and Melissa tucked her short dark hair behind her ears. Elliot tried to keep up with his girlfriend’s frantic pace, his hairless face showed the same silly expressions he used to make on a Christmas Eve night, as the excitement was becoming unbearable for Elliot. Melissa, on the other hand, wanted to teach him a lesson. If he found the experience cold and uneventful, then maybe he’d stop going on about it, she thought. 
Another hundred yards and they’d be there. He could see the entrance. They were now on the outskirts of their humble village, with not a single house or individual in sight. He clasped his hands together with joy. He was at last going to live out one of his fantasies. 
“So where do you want me?” Melissa asked with little interest.
Elliot scratched his head, ruffling his long floppy brown hair that parted in the middle of his cranium. “Go further in.” He demanded, already feeling his penis swelling with excitement. 
Melissa had persuaded herself that this was something she needed to do. She needed to show him that a fantasy should remain a fantasy. If he kept on urging to try new things and she kept on refusing, maybe it would drive him to have an affair for further excitement. 
Elliot was still quite innocent when it came to the big wide world. He needed to know that real people don’t usually wake up in each others’ arms, real people never kissed one another first thing in the morning because of the stench of their breath, and they certainly didn’t cuddle straight after sex until both individuals had got ridden of any excess bodily fluids. 
Elliot was a year younger than Melissa, and although he was a lot maturer than most nineteen-year-old men, Melissa knew he was a virgin before they had sex together. She could tell. Before they had sex, he was clumsy and nervous, and then just after one night of sex, he had suddenly turned into a rampant nymphomaniac. 
“This’ll do.” Holding up his cigarette lighter, Elliot grinned menacingly.
“Why this one?” Melissa demanded.
“It’s personal. Read the headstone.” 
“Harold Gould. Age forty-eight. Died two years ago.”
“Used to be my old English teacher. Still haven’t forgiven the bastard for giving me a shitty grade. I had to go to night school for a year because of that idiot.”
Melissa shook her head and trepidation enveloped her as Elliot smirked cheekily. The crazy bastard, she thought. He really wants to do it. 
He licked his finger and checked for any wind, but not even a stray breeze licked their faces in the muggy air. The light coming from the last streetlight was enough to see what they were doing, but also enough to hide what they were about to do. Elliot approached Melissa and took her by both hands. He smiled at her as if to say: “Thank you for doing this.” He then gently pushed his long hair back and began to kiss her slowly. Her response at first was cold and uninterested.
The kissing continued for another thirty seconds and the more they kissed, the more surprised she became with herself as she was starting to feel turned on. After a minute had passed, a sudden wave of excitement overwhelmed her and she grabbed hold of his hair hard, taking her boyfriend by surprise, and began to undo the buttons on his jeans. The jeans dropped with ease to his ankles and minutes later, with Elliot fully clothed, apart from his exposed legs, she guided him down onto the cold grass. She pulled down his boxer shorts, which revealed a fully erect penis and slowly and gently sat on top of him. 
He moaned every time she gyrated herself. She was also still fully clothed. Her black skirt was hiked up to her waist and her knickers had been easily ripped off in all the excitement. 
Elliot felt fantastically helpless as she remained on top, and reached out to touch her modest breasts that were hidden under her mustard t-shirt. She was wearing no bra and her erect nipples were piercing her t-shirt, aching for air. Even when they breathed, the carbon dioxide could be clearly seen because of the low temperatures, but their passion for one another was too strong and the cold climate was easily put aside. 
Elliot’s eyes remained closed as she increased her momentum.
“Faster?” she moaned.
Elliot opened his eyes. “Yeah.”
He opened his eyes briefly to see his girlfriend moving up and down on him. He then closed his eyes, feeling pleased with himself. The fantasy that he was now living out was certainly no disappointment. He held out his two hands to feel Melissa’s breasts, but she teasingly leaned back so that he was only centimetres away from touching them. He smiled at his partner’s teasing and slowly opened his eyes. 
WHAT THE FUCK’S THAT? 
The dim streetlight glistened enough to suddenly reveal a middle-aged man, dressed in a black suit, his face as pale as snow. He was standing behind Melissa, almost next to her left shoulder, only yards away from Elliot. She continued to release pleasurable moans unaware of what Elliot could see. To his own surprise, Elliot remained soundless. 
The shock had paralysed his vocal chords and had widened his stunned eyes. The man still stood with his arms folded. His hair was either wet or greasy, and vigorously combed back like a Mafia employee and the corner of his left top lip had risen. He was snarling. 
Melissa scrunched her face with bewilderment, and then looked down on her boyfriend who was facing away from his girlfriend, still staring at the man. 
“Elliot? How come you’ve lost your erection?”
Elliot wasn’t answering. The strange man continued to snarl, and the only thing that Elliot was concentrating on now was to get out of the cemetery before his bowels decided to loosen up even more.
“Get off me!” he demanded. 
“Okay.” A bemused and embarrassed Melissa got to her feet and pulled her skirt back down. Elliot also got to his feet, avoiding eye contact with the intimidating figure. He stormed out of the cemetery, grabbing hold of Melissa by the arm.
“What the fuck is wrong with you?” she cried. “You’re hurting me.”
They went through the exit of the graveyard and wordlessly walked down the road. They were only a mile away from Elliot’s apartment.
Melissa’s continued to demand what was wrong with her outlandish-behaving boyfriend. Was this some kind of sick perverted joke? 
Once a streetlight filled his face with light, she could see his face was filled with anxiety and he constantly turned his head round, making sure that they were not being followed. She stopped walking and grabbed Elliot’s arm. They stood there, face to face. His frame was shaking and his top lip quivered undisciplined, his eyes were glassy with tears and he couldn’t look Melissa in the eye.
More concerned than annoyed now, Melissa affectionately placed her hands on his white, blood drained cheeks and tried to calm him down by gently shushing him as if she was his mother. She said. “Honey. What’s wrong?”
It took thirty seconds for Elliot to find his voice again.
“I … I … saw something. Something in the cemetery.”
“Oh, love.” Melissa breathed a sigh of relief and started to smile warmly. 
“I saw something.”
“Sometimes the night can play tricks on you.” She smiled. “I freak myself out if my cupboard door is open when I’m trying to get to sleep.”
“You don’t understand.” Elliot became exasperated. “I saw someone up there, standing right next to you.”
“Of course you did.”
“I’m telling you—”
“Who was it, Elliot?” Melissa smiled and started to joke, “My dad? Patrick, my ex?”
Her mocking was annoying, but she could quickly see in his eyes that he either really saw someone, or thought that he had seen someone. She studied his face and cleared her throat uncomfortably. Her smile faded and uncomfortably asked him. “Who did you see?”
Elliot released a tear from his left eye and was unabashed of the condition he was now in. “Harold Gould.” he answered. “My old English teacher.” 
Justice
Justice

Frank Samson was two days away from his fortieth birthday. Some people claim that life began at this age, but Frank was unsure about this theory. Sure, he was now out of prison, but the authorities were still keeping tabs on him, so it was like being in a huge open prison. One thing that he had missed immensely was a pint of cold beer, and no one was going to stop him from having a few of those. 
He had been inside for a few years, and dreaming about alcohol, amongst other things, had kept him going while he was doing his time. He was in a prison where it was mixed. There were murderers, thieves, rapists and other violent criminals all mixed in to the prison he was in. Frank was disappointed as some prisons in the UK were mixed and others were there for special cases. But this was Winson Green prison, situated in Birmingham, one of the roughest in Britain and it was a mixed wing. He was in house block one. 
Frank was abhorred in the prison immediately and was spat at during his arrival. A frightened Frank requested to be away from the rest of the prisoners and to remain inside for twenty-three and a half hours a day. The supervisor told him that that’s what was going to happen anyway for his own safety. He was older than the rest, he was overweight, and he was an easy target for prison bullies.
He was allowed out for half an hour for his lunch with some other prisoners that were despised by the rest of the wing, whilst the rest of the population remained locked up. Then he would return to his cell, after finishing his lunch, and the rest of the wing would be opened up. Frank’s door was constantly banged during the day by other inmates and verbal abuse could be clearly heard also. 
There was much verbal profanation through his door, so much, that Frank had noticed that the prisoner’s originality wasn’t that great. Amongst other threatening sentences, the following three seemed to have been the most popular. WHY DON’T YOU KILL YOURSELF! DIE YOU FUCKING ANIMAL! WE’RE GONNA GET YOU!
It didn’t seem so bad at first, but after a few months it really got to him, and as a result he had a nervous breakdown, had lost some of his hair, and made a poor attempt at hanging himself from his toilet door with a bed sheet, resulting in the door coming off its hinges and resulting in Frank spraining his left ankle. He sometimes thought that the officers wanted him dead, too. The prison psychologists put him on a critical suicide watch, which meant he had to be checked every fifteen minutes, but sometimes he was hardly checked every hour let alone every fifteen minutes.
When he was finally released, the first place he went to was the local library. The books in the prison library were awful and sub standard. He liked the classics, and although he managed to get The Turn of the Screw inside, he fancied a good old Dickens book to reawaken his numbed brain. 
Frank left Rugeley library with Great Expectations under his arm and headed for his bed-sit. And now he was ready to test his alcohol tolerance for the first time at the local pub near the bed-sit, situated near the town centre.
It was getting on for eight o’clock and Frank Samson was supping on his fourth beer. The pub was exactly the way he liked it. It was quiet and had only four other hardcore drinkers in there, and even had the opportunity to sit at the bar. The four other drinkers also seemed to be individuals that just wanted their own company. One man stood next to a jukebox, adding more tracks to the ones that were blasting out. Another man sat in the corner, nursing a pint of Guinness. A dishevelled looking fellow sat near the door, reading a newspaper, and the fourth man sat next to Frank. He had only been there a few minutes but had never uttered a word to him.
The guy next to Frank asked the barman for another brandy and took a sip from the glass the moment the barman placed it next to him. “Been a rough day,” the man finally spoke.
Frank gave off a friendly smile and continued to look forward. He was clearly enjoying his own company, and didn’t want it meddled with by some stranger. He was enjoying his evening and didn’t want to talk to this man. He was going to have to converse with members of the public eventually, but he wasn’t quite ready to do it tonight. 
The man continued to speak. “Nothing wrong with a stiff drink or three during a school night, is there?”
Frank smiled again, not looking at the man’s face. Maybe after a while, the chatty customer would get the message and keep himself to himself. 
“You don’t talk much, do you?” the man giggled.
Frank shrugged his shoulders and at last spoke. “Just fancy a quiet drink, that’s all.”
“Sounds like you need cheering up.”
Frank shrugged his shoulders again. “I’m okay.”
A silence fell on the two men, and the void was filled with The Doors’ Peace Frog coming from the jukebox. The guy next to Frank annoyingly tapped his fingers against the wooden bar to the song that was playing. 
“I love this album,” the man said. 
“Morrison Hotel,” Frank replied, still looking forward and not making eye contact with the man next to him.
“That’s the one,” the man spoke, and clicked his fingers. “Not their best. I thought Strange Days was their best.”
“LA woman for me.”
“Still, better than The Soft Parade.”
“A tumour is better than The Soft Parade.”
Both men cackled quietly and Frank eventually turned around to meet the man who looked just like your average regular guy. If he was going to start a new life, and start afresh, he needed to get used to conversing with people, either that or live a life being stuck in his bed-sit, which wouldn’t be too similar from his prison life.
Frank held out his hand and introduced himself, the man also introduced himself as John.
“Let me get a round of drinks in,” John said. “Barman! Two large whiskies!” 
“I dunno,” Frank spoke, rubbing his tired eyes. “I feel like I’ve had enough.”
“Nonsense! Life is for living.” The man grinned at his new drinking buddy and passed the large whisky to a half drunk Frank Samson and raised his own glass. “Bottoms up.” 


*

“So where do you live?”
An hour had passed and the two men had left the pub. Frank was finding it hard to walk in a straight line as they got outside. His new friend was trying to keep him inside for another hour, but Frank insisted that he needed to leave. The cold fresh air brushed both the men’s faces, which almost doubled Frank’s intoxication. His new friend didn’t feel too sober himself after downing brandies and whiskies.
The man looked at Frank. Despite his age, he didn’t have too many lines on his face. He was overweight and his short hair was covered in grey, but he looked no older than himself. He looked normal.
They turned left towards the dusky car park.
“I’ve gotta go this way,” Frank slurred.
The man looked around the town centre, pleased that it was barren. He walked up to Frank and grabbed him by the back of his shirt and pushed him towards the white transit van. Another man immediately got out of his van and walked over to Frank.
Confused about what was going on, Frank spoke. “What’s going on? Who’s this?” 
The man who had got out of his van threw a punch into Frank’s midriff. Frank collapsed onto the floor and was grabbed and was thrown against the van by the two men. Both guys pulled out knives and began to repeatedly stab the defenceless Frank into his portly midriff. His screams were muffled as a muscular hand was forcefully placed over it, and there was nobody around to hear the muffled screams, as both men continued to mutilate the middle aged man before eventually throwing him into the back of the van.
Both stained with blood, both men calmly walked to the front of the van and got in.
“I need a shower, but best get rid of the body first,” said the driver.
“Can’t believe they let him out so early,” said Frank’s ex-drinking partner.
“My daughter gets raped, and he gets a couple of years.” The driver shook his head and started the van. “At least now proper justice has been done.”
His brother nodded in agreement. “Let’s go and dump this beast.”
“Okay.”
The Bedroom Incident
The Bedroom Incident

The stench in the bedroom was so foul that she almost passed out before she even opened the door. When she got to the top of the landing and walked in, the tang tortured her nose with a jumble of unpleasant odours she didn’t immediately recognise.
Her dazed body was urging her to go to sleep despite the smell, in fact Margaret Gee was so drunk she would have slept on a park bench if she had no other choice. But on this night it would have to be next to her malodorous husband. 
Why he smelt so bad also was beginning to bother her. She couldn’t make up her below par mind whether he had messed himself, covering the bed sheet with liquefied unformed excretion, or if he had stained the sheets with his fetid urine. 
She took a step forward and drunkenly fell backwards into the wall. She managed a short burst of laughter, then immediately placed her hand over her mouth after realising her outburst was too loud. The last thing she needed from her husband was a lecture on what time it was. 
Margaret had just come back from a girl’s night out and had deserved to go out for a change. After all, it had been only a few days since her husband was out with his workmates. She didn’t fancy the idea of watching her husband drink himself into a stupor in front of the television again, so she decided to go out with her work colleagues.
Still standing, Margaret lifted her chin up and sniffed like a dog. Her nose was sending a message to the brain that her first estimation was incorrect and that in fact the smell was a mixture of musty booze, dire breath, and strong reeking body odour. Satisfied that going to bed wouldn’t be a life threatening and soggy experience, she began to undress. She was now struggling to keep on her feet, as she began to manically pull her clothes off before her legs and vision decided to reduce. 
The fifty-year-old then fell to the floor on her backside, wearing nothing but her knickers and socks. She bent over, making her flabby stomach look like an accordion made of white skin, and then patiently took each sock off and then whipped off her white urine stained knickers that landed on the dressing table. 
She slipped into bed, pulled the duvet up to her neck and fell asleep within seconds.

*

“Oh no.” 
Margaret half fell out of bed, the uncomfortable sensation in the back of her throat was building. She ran downstairs in the dark, fortunate that she didn’t injure herself, and with her hand over her mouth she reached the toilet just in time before a jet of vomit came out of her wide gaping mouth. She tried to sniff, feeling and smelling some of the rank lumpy fluid making its way up to her nasal area. It was over within thirty seconds. 
She spent a few more moments cleaning her mouth by spitting into the vomit covered toilet bowl and then she blew her nose, trying to remove some of the puke that was still in there. The toilet was flushed and she brought down the lid. She sat down and placed her weary head in her juddering hands.
“Happens every time I mix my drinks.” She reprimanded herself. She should have known better at her age and with her experience. 
Margaret wiped her teary eyes with her forearm and put her fingers through her sticky hair. Her face was full of repugnance, knowing that her hair was full of hair products from the night before, and now it was covered with fresh sweat from her minor ordeal. 
She went into the kitchen, switched the light on, and ran herself a glass of water. Dehydration was upon her and she clasped her head to prevent it from whirling like a child’s spinning top. Her head span and ached and she held onto the sink for balance and looked at the clock. 5:47am. 
She finished the glass of water in the dim kitchen and smelt her armpits.
“I need a shower.”
She stumbled to the bathroom and flicked the red power switch that was situated outside the bathroom door. She turned the hot shower on, which steamed the window and the bathroom mirror almost immediately and put the bathroom light on, although her fragile eyes were begging her not to expose them to the brightness of a sixty-watt bulb. She didn’t have a choice. Showering in her condition was risky, but in the dark was even riskier.
She stepped into the shower and as soon as the cluster of warm jets hit her face, she was feeling enhanced instantaneously. She let out a satisfied moan and began to wet her short brown hair. She looked for her shampoo, but something in the corner of her eye caught her attention. She quickly looked down to her ankles and stumbled slightly on the slippery surface, which was caused by an assortment of horror and alcoholic poisoning. 
As the shower continued to wet her body, she noticed that very fine watery blood ran towards the plughole. In confusion, she turned and frantically checked her body. The blood was on the left side of her body. 
Driven by panic, she felt for a wound but there was nothing. She was convinced the blood must have been in the bed. Her husband had passed blood not so long back, and although he refused to see a doctor, Margaret had yet to tell him that she secretly had booked him an appointment for next Thursday. Maybe he had bled in the bed a little.
Her concern grew, however, when she inspected once again. This blood seemed thicker. 
How did it stick to her body? It must have been pure blood, instead of blood mixed with urine, which meant he hadn’t passed blood! She then thought that maybe her husband had injured himself by drunkenly falling over, and then not knowing, went to bed bleeding.
Now with her pessimistic thoughts racing out of control, she dried herself quickly to investigate the condition her alcoholic husband had left the bed. It was early morning and he was in a soused state, but she needed to get upstairs, switch the bedroom light on and investigate the damage to ease her mind. If he was injured, then she would get help. If he had had an accident, involving the release of body fluids, which she seemed to think was now unlikely, she would give him a harsh lecture first thing in the morning.
Margaret was sick and tired of this. She couldn’t go anywhere without worrying what condition she was going to find him. She had lost count how many times he went to bed leaving the cooker on, leaving the windows open, and getting up in the middle of the night and urinating in the clothes cupboard then going back to bed. 
Before she went out on her girl’s night out, while standing at the door waiting for the taxi to turn up, her husband said to her. “What’s wrong with the dress I bought you?”
She replied, “You pissed all over it. Remember?”
She had to put up with twenty-five years of mediocrity. Not anymore.
Leaving him seemed to be the only option. She couldn’t wait forever.
There was never going to be a good time to tell him. Her affair with her boss had been going on for six months and the apartment was now ready to move in, but to her new lover’s displeasure, she had been hesitating for weeks, as she wasn’t sure how badly her husband would take the bad news. 
Her mind was made up. She was going to tell him sometime this month. 
She needed to tell him that it is all over before he found out from someone else. Other people at her work were finding out so she had to be straight with him. She was worried what he might do, but to hell with it, she thought. You only get one shot at life.
Wrapped in her emerald green dressing gown, her hair still wet, she stormed upstairs angrily, clenching her fists together and her antagonism had miraculously started to sober her up. Her head seemed less achy and her vision had been restored to its normal status. 
She pushed her bedroom door ajar and turned on the light. Her husband’s body created a huge round lump under the duvet. She approached the duvet that covered his face, revealing only the top of his head. 
She carefully pulled the duvet back down to his chin and her eyes gazed at her husband’s face. She noticed the paleness of his skin and the blueness in his lips. Her anger had diminished and turned into genuine disquiet for the husband she was ready to leave. But she didn’t need to leave him, as he had already left her.
“Francis,” she whispered. Then she began to shake him. “Francis!”
With her left hand she reached for the duvet, closed her eyes tight, and pulled the whole thing off the bed. 
She didn’t need to look. She did. But she didn’t need to.
The appalling, deathly reek hit her firmly. She opened her eyes and saw him curled up. His side of the bed was saturated in dark blood, and his naked body was snowy white, and his wrists had been cut. 
He must have known. Oh God he must have known. But how did he know and when did he find out?
She fell back against the wall and began to sob. “I’m sorry, Francis. I’m so sorry I couldn’t have told you sooner. Francis! Francis! I’m sorry. You left me with no choice.” 
Her distressing cries continued for half an hour and it took a very concerned neighbour, who had heard her sobs through the wall, to call the emergency services.
Twenty minutes later, the paramedics removed the corpse from the house and was placed into the ambulance, just as the papergirl was delivering Francis Gee’s morning newspaper.
A Date in the West End
A Date in the West End

David Maguire’s modest one bedroom apartment was hardly the accommodation that could make a woman go weak at the knees, but it was all he could afford since losing his job as a waiter in the West End. He had worked in the upper class area for two years, and he found the customers loathsome and critical, and the abuse he received on a daily basis wasn’t worth the minimum wage the restaurant paid him.
Complaints became part of the job with all waiters in the top restaurant, but one businessman decided to take it too far. 
David was waiting on a table for a businessman and his three other colleagues. As per usual they were discourteous and impertinent, and then the middle-aged man loudly insulted David, embarrassing him in front of colleagues and customers, for spilling a diminutive amount of coke on the table. The more the man offended David, the more his colleagues found it amusing to David’s provocation.
When three prawn cocktails and one creamy chicken soup was delivered to the table, David smiled wickedly as the four louts tucked in like starving pigs. Only seconds passed when the middle-aged businessman started to choke on his soup. The Manager was immediately called and had to investigate the dilemma. The businessman complained that the soup was too thick and that something sat at the back of his throat, which made him retch and nearly vomit. The manager apologised to the four individuals sitting at the table and asked a member of staff who was responsible for waiting on their table. 
David was fired immediately, when one of the waiters confessed that he saw David masturbate and ejaculate into the chicken soup, and was teaching the obnoxious businessman a lesson. His lesson had mixed results.
Being unemployed was depressing, and watching hours of MTV was starting to kill off his brain cells, so he decided to go out on a date. He managed to get a date reading the local paper in the ‘lonely ads’, and this was now his third one.
The noises from the street below grew louder and David drank the remains of his brandy and coke, including a half melted ice cube. He got to his feet and shuffled them across his living room and started to watch the mayhem that had been going on for the past five minutes. It was a sight that would make any normal, self-respecting human being cringe.
Two middle-aged women fought like wild men in the middle of the desolate road. They were exchanging violent blows, punches and kicks were being released and it looked to David that the greasy blonde was taking the worst beating. It looked like her nose had been broken, as crimson flowed from it, and her sparring partner, an obese brunette with a mouth like a sewer, was ready to dish out more. David was on the third floor and had the best view of any fights or arguments that occurred in the area, which was usually on a weekly basis, mainly the weekends.
David shook his head with bewilderment at what he was witnessing on this Saturday night. He had seen many things on the South Side of Glasgow, but never two grown women fighting over a car parking space. To his further disgust their daughters hung out their windows, cheering their mothers on. As for their fathers? Most probably in the pub. 
“Scumbags.”
David looked at his wristwatch, knowing that any minute his date would be turning up, so he poured himself another brandy and coke for Dutch courage, but this time with no ice.
He sat on his cream leather suite and picked up the local newspaper that he had purchased six hours previously from the newsagents around the corner. On the front page it went into detail about a thirty-six-year-old woman, who was found knifed to death in her Govan home as her two-month-old baby slept upstairs, and she was then sexually abused before the killer left the scene.
David shook his head with condemnation. “That poor woman.”
Underneath the main story was another murder story that had been running for weeks. David had got the impression that the reporters were getting a little weary of the subject, as in the last few days it was hardly getting a mention. 
Two gay men had been strangled in the West End over the last couple of weeks, and the police were concerned that the killings were related and a serial killer was responsible for the deaths. The police confirmed in the edition two days previous, that they felt that the individual responsible may be homophobic.
David rolled up the paper and put it under his arm, picked up his drink and walked to the bedroom. He sat on the edge of the bed, took a swig from the glass and was disturbed by a raucous knock from his front door that made him jump, almost spilling his drink.
He got up and looked through the door’s spy hole, and once he was satisfied that the man didn’t look like a knife-wielding junkie, he opened the door and greeted his date. “You must be Cameron.”
“Hi,” came Cameron’s salutation and stepped inside. Cameron didn’t know whether to kiss his date on the cheek, but he seemed tetchy. First date nerves maybe?
“You found it then?” David asked.
“Yeah.” He’s gorgeous, Cameron thought, six feet, brown hair, brown eyes … perfect. Shame about the area though. 
“Can I get you a drink?” 
Cameron looked bemused and shrugged his shoulders. “I’ll have whatever you’re drinking.”
David went into the kitchen and made his date a brandy and coke and put it on the floor next to his feet where he was sitting. Cameron never said a word, as his eyes scanned the room looking for something positive to say about David’s apartment. His eyes were more interested in his CD collection.
“Big Beatles fan, eh?” Cameron queried.
“Aye. No other band comes close,” David said. “The apartments not up to much, though.”
“No, it’s fine.” Cameron lied. “I like it.”
“Listen, I need to do my hair and put a belt on. I’ll be five minutes.”
“Take your time.” 
David left the living room, entered his bedroom, and put the lock on his door. He reached for the wax on his dressing table and with the wax attached to his fingertips, he quickly ruffled his hair. He took out his thick black leather belt from the cupboard and put it on and then sat on the bed. He held out his tremulous hands. He was nervous. Nervous! He began to chuckle at himself. It wasn’t the first time he had done this. 
He gazed at his reflection in the mirror. He smiled arrogantly. He was handsome. He knew he was handsome. 
His chiselled jawbone, his dark hair and olive skin had always been his talent, which was a relief, as his lack of concentration and desire made it impossible for him to get a career. Women at his work had told him that he had Italian features and Mary Turnbull told David that he reminded her of a young Burt Reynolds. That same lady was meeting up with him next Thursday for a drink. She was forty two, twelve years younger than David, but she was still good looking and had recently separated from her husband.
“I need another brandy.”
He looked at the article about the West End killings again, and at the bottom it said, ‘continued on page two.’ David pulled out a scrapbook full of newspaper clippings, tore off the front page, folded it in half and put it in the scrapbook. With his date in the next room, he had no time to use the scissors and put it in a clear poly pocket. He’d have to do that tomorrow. 
“Are we ready then?” David walked into the living room cheerily. 
“Right.” Cameron scratched his dark, over waxed hair, that looked like it had been dipped in a bucket of fat, and straightened his long leather jacket. “So where are we going first.”
“I thought we might try this little restaurant that I know in the West End. How does that sound?”
“Sounds fine.”
They both left the apartment. David turned off all the lights and shut the door behind him. They started to make their way down the four flights of concrete stairs. The flights of stairs had a vile urine stench that made Cameron, who owned a house in Bearsden, just outside of Glasgow, turn his nose with repugnance. Cameron was in front, he turned round and smiled at David, David returned the compliment, but sneered as soon as Cameron turned back round to face the front.
“I think we should go for a couple of drinks first,” Cameron suggested, “before we get something to eat. Are you thirsty?”
“Thirsty?” David grinned devilishly, patting his leather belt. “Oh I’m thirsty all right. I’m choking for a drink.”  
“Seems like a nice night, fancy walking it?”
David said. “If that’s what you want.”

*

A hundred yards away, two men sat in a silver Citroen at the bottom of the street, watching the two men leaving. 
They both looked at each other with mischievous grins. The bald driver took one look at his passenger, and then flashed his headlights once. As soon as the headlights were flashed, a tall man, dressed in black clothing, appeared from an alleyway and with a hurried pace started to follow the two men.
“I can’t believe Officer Roberts agreed to do this.” The passenger grinned. “He must be fucking crazy walking with that psycho.”
“He’s just crawling up the gaffer’s arse!” the driver exclaimed. “Where do you think they’re going?” The young driver queried the experienced undercover officer, who sat in the passenger seat, supping on a fresh coffee poured from his flask.
“The last two killings were in the West End! Where do you think?” 
Frank
Frank

His head pounded, it throbbed as if it had been hit with a sledgehammer. The dull sting was banging away inside his cranium and as he tried to cry out to someone—anyone—that was when he realised it wasn’t possible to execute such an achievement. 
Drenched in darkness, and surrounded by a combination of emotions such as alarm, suspicion, and anger, he tried to make sense where he was and how he had got there. His eyelids were also prevented from opening and that was when dread struck him. He shook his head from side to side manically to get himself free, but it was useless. His hands were tied firmly behind his back. His eyes were covered with some sort of bandage. His mouth had been blocked, possibly with a sock, his chest was strapped in to the chair he was sitting on and even his ankles had been tied together. No matter how hard he tried to free himself, his situation seemed totally ineffective.
His frustration grew the more he tried to get free, but the more he tried, the more he realised that there was no probability that he was going to escape from wherever he was. After one last try, he decided to give up temporarily, take a break, and preserve his energy for the next time.
He remained sitting still and his breathing had subsided as well as his heart rate. He needed to consider his next move. He needed to think how he was going to escape from the place where he had been placed against his will. He needed to think how the hell he managed to get where he was in the first place, and who put him there. 
He turned his head to the side and listened intently for a number of minutes. Within those minutes, he heard three noises: The passing of a motorcycle, the piercing livid voice of a man who was reprimanding his dog, and the moan of a car engine that passed by. 
Wherever he was, he knew he was only yards away from outside air, which made his capture even the more exasperating. He noticed that the chair he was sitting on, and was tied to, was a swivel chair. According to his feet that investigated the area around him, the chair seemed to be accompanied by some kind of weight that kept it rooted to the floor. Whoever was his captor, they seemed to have thought of everything. 
His head lowered in defeat, knowing that he needed the aid of another entity in order to flee from this prison. His mind raced, and wondered whether the person who had done this to him was ever going to come back, and if he did come back, what was he going to do then? One thing for sure, he had easily managed to upset many people over the years, but never expected anything like this. 
He tried to retrace his steps. He remembered leaving his friend Harry on his own and arranged to meet him in Rugeley’s Globe pub at midday for a few afternoon jars. He remembered walking up Sandy Lane and going onto the Pear Tree Estate to get to his house at the top of Landsbury Road. At the time, he had a feeling that someone was following him, but he put it down to paranoia and thought that the person behind was probably just happening to be going the same way he was. As he walked past Pear Tree’s primary school, he looked to his right and noticed the abandoned garages that were awaiting demolishing. The next thing he knew he was tied to a chair, blindfolded and gagged.
He had hardly moved a muscle for about ten minutes and was psyching himself up for another desperate attempt to escape. He was no Incredible Hulk, but he had seen documentaries on situations where the impossible became possible when a human was put in an extraordinarily and treacherous situation. 
On one of the documentaries that he had seen, a slightly built man had managed to roll a car by using his bare hands in order to let his brother out of the burning wreckage. When interviewed, the man couldn’t explain where he had gotten the strength from. 
This was the kind of miracle that this man needed right now. Frank Terry had been no angel during his turbulent life, but did he deserve this?
He counted to three and then threw his head back violently and desperately. He haplessly wriggled his body and limbs, as if the chair had been wired up and ten thousand volts were running through it. The scene lasted up to thirty seconds, and that was it for Frank. He was dog-tired, and he knew that was his last stab. His shoulders slumped and a hood of melancholy covered him.

*

Frank awoke and convinced himself that it was the next day. His stomach growled for food and his throat was drier than sandpaper. The rope had been burning his wrists during his sleep and with his vision absolutely blocked, he panicked for a few seconds as he wasn’t sure whether the rope had cut so deep into his skin that his wrists were now leaking out crimson and he was actually bleeding to death and didn’t know it. 
The situation was giving Frank Terry many moments to reflect on his life and how he would like to change it for the better, and how he would like to revolutionise his past. He deliberated about how he should have cut down on his drinking over the years, and that he could have treated his wife with a bit more respect, but it was too late for that now. She was dead, and if he didn’t manage to escape from wherever he was, he was going to join her. 
His first impression when he awoke in the darkness, gagged and tied to the chair, was to be strong and defiant against the wicked quandary, but the fear was slowly emerging and winning the battle. Tears were filling his eyes because his trepidation had nowhere to hide. He fought his feelings for a day, but there was no hiding from it anymore. He was frightened for his life. 
The chair still wouldn’t budge, and his limbs were securely fastened and the only movement he could produce was to lift his backside off the chair by a few inches. He did this by thrusting his hips forward, but due to exhaustion, would sit back down after only a few seconds. 
The pain had grown for hours, the agony just above his groin grew greater and bigger, and he knew this was going to eventually happen, but was dreading it. His discomfort was now becoming too unbearable for him to ignore. It was going to be a humiliating act for him to do, but it had to be done, and due to his lack of strength, it had to be done swiftly.
His painful, disgusted relief showed on his facial expressions when he lifted his backside off his seat and urinated and excreted simultaneously. The urine stung as it covered the whole area of his clammy testicles, and it ran down underneath near his anus. 
Although the event was more humiliating than painful, Frank winced when he lost his strength and his backside fell back onto the hard chair, feeling his own shit spread out all over the cheeks of his rear. The foul stench began to pierce his nose and almost immediately, he could taste the acid rising up in the back of his throat. The more he could smell the appalling contents from his own bowels, the more he felt the queasiness, and after three spontaneous unsuccessful retches, it was apparent that what was left in his stomach had decided to stay where it was. After the disgusting retching had stopped, Frank sighed dolefully and started to sob.
Many more hours had passed and Frank screwed his face as he tried to get as comfortable as he could get. He hadn’t tasted water for nearly two days and knew he should have been dead by now. He was delirious and drifted in and out of consciousness, and despite the fact that he had filled his underwear with faeces for the second time, the smell was now the least of his worries. 
He had almost stopped caring. Dignity and pride was the last thing he was thinking about. The dehydration was affecting his senses and he just wanted away from this pain and humiliation, even if it meant being found by someone he knew and being ridiculed by that person for years after, even if it meant being found and having his name and details of his horrendous predicament being splashed over the local and national newspapers … even if it meant his own death. 
Enclosed by the dreadful stench of excreta, Frank Terry gently coughed. His head was drooping to his left side, almost resting on his left shoulder, his pulse weakly beating. His body was so exhausted that lifting his tongue to try and wet the roof of his dry mouth was an arduous task. Unfortunately, his tongue was just as dry and almost stuck to the top of his mouth.
His breathing became infrequent and shallow, his insides felt desiccated, and his constant delirium was moving him away from the horrific state he was in. The hallucinations were pleasurable ones. The two that kept on repeating in his head was of his wife. She kept on kissing him on the forehead and told him that he was forgiven for all the things that he had done to her. His second hallucination was of him and his brother when they were both twelve, fishing down the canal near Armitage, opposite The Plum Pudding public house, waiting for their parents to come out of the pub. 
A small, satisfied smile emerged on Frank’s crusty lips, responding to his daydreaming. The delirium was taking him to places of his past and places of happiness. The smile soon faded as his head dropped, his eyes closed and exhaustion overpowered him one more.

*

James Nicholas took a tentative look behind him as he pulled out his keys. He unlocked the newly bought padlock on the garage door and opened the garage that sat in the middle of the rest of the abandoned, unused garages that were facing opposite the primary school.
It was 3:32am, according to his watch, and the street was still drenched in darkness. A shudder shook James’s body and it still made him nervous to think he was now a murderer as he opened the garage door. 
The door was shut behind him. His torch was put on for a few seconds to witness the corpse of Frank Terry. He then left straight away overcome by the dreadful stench. He removed the padlock, put it in his pocket, and walked away with a mixture of consternation and satisfaction and walked briskly back to his house, back to his sleeping wife. 
What James did to Frank Terry was a spontaneous action. He never planned it, but as soon as he saw the face of Frank Terry, who had been released because of insufficient evidence, the fury up inside him began to build. 
The justice system had let James and his family down in a big way, and he hated the fact that this man wasn’t jailed. He was allowed to walk the streets whilst his sixteen-year-old daughter, the same daughter that Frank Terry had knocked down in his car whilst speeding, was now unable to walk. 
Her life had been ruined by this selfish monster, and James knew what he had done was wrong, but all he cared about was his little girl, and he needed to get even.
Last Days of Liberty
Last Days of Liberty

It seemed like a lifetime ago since Peter Gerrard left his hometown and drove reluctantly past the Welsh borders, to spend days of unwanted solitude away from the mess he had temporarily left behind. If life was a play, then Peter was becoming an expert on playing the tragedian, and although it was now Monday 2nd August, this ageing year was to become more tempestuous and abnormal and the thought of a more positive future was nothing but a daydream.
He had decided to stop in the busy car park, not because he had reached his preferential destination, but because if he drove any further west he and his old tired white escort would be in the Irish Sea. His three-hour journey from Rugeley, Staffordshire, had exhausted and stiffened every muscle in his tender body, and movement and fresh air was a necessity before attempting to find quarters for the night.
It was a splendid summer’s day and despite the bashful sun seeking solace behind the only white cloud in the sky, Peter kept his shades on, pulled his car seat back so that his stiffened joints could feel movement for the first time in nearly two hundred minutes, and watched the tourists passing. Some of the tourists were content to stroll and admire the modest shops and cafés that were on offer. Others were satisfied to sit on the car park wall and occasionally ducking their heads so that contact with a swooping seagull’s beak would be avoided, and a handful of individuals preferred the beach.
The beach!
Peter stepped out of his four-wheeled sauna and took a long stretch with his arms reaching for the sky. He locked his car, ready to skitter his way across the car park, and squeezed by the bustling pedestrians on the hot pavement and cross the road to get to the warm golden beach. 
The car park was littered with English tourists, and above them were the ravenous seagulls waiting patiently for a sandwich to be accidentally dropped or a naïve child to expose their food. 
Peter barged his way past the flowing crowd, and thought to himself how strange that on such a glorious day he could count on one hand how many people were on the Barmouth beach. As soon as he stepped onto the soft sand, he then found out why.
The uncongenial wind picked up its pace and repeatedly slapped Peter’s thin frame remorselessly, from the west, as he stepped on the sand. Unconcerned by Mother Nature’s behaviour, Peter slowly progressed towards the sea and had his sights on airing his shirt that was soaking up his perspiration that was making him itchier by the minute. Peter stopped as he got nearer to the crashing waves, looked out to the sea and began breathing in the salty atmosphere. 
A minute had passed and without looking he turned to his left and started to stroll along the coastline. After only four steps, he could feel softness under his shoe and heard the squelch from under it. Peter slowly lifted up his boot to find that he had stepped on a dead jellyfish. He looked away in revulsion and continued to walk, half dragging his boot along the sand to get rid of the remains from the sole of his shoe. He began to look ahead as he was paranoid that there were more of them. He wasn’t to be disappointed. 
After only a few minutes on the beach, Peter felt that it was time to head back into the car park where there was no wind at all, and head to the destination where he was going to stay the night. He ponderously walked onto the soft sinking sand and looked over his shoulder. With a human out of the way, the army of scavengers were brutally ripping the jelly corpses to pieces as they scavenged in a well-organised queue.
Peter reached the road and crossed to get to his archaic vehicle. He opened the door and sat with his head leaning back on the headrest. His moment of escapism had begun to cease when the hairs on the back of his neck bristled quickly. Tears began to emerge around his chocolate brown eyes, and gave them a severe forearm wiping before the man in the opposite car noticed him.
He couldn’t erase the vision in his mind. It was the one where he was walking along the hallway, heading for the bedroom where the noise was coming from. More horrific images started to occur because of the twitches of his brain cells. The image of him pushing the door ajar to see that painful image once again shivered his frame. It seemed to be all over within a second. The next thing Peter knew, there was blood all over the sheets, and sprays of the crimson could be seen up the wall. He remembered showering and changing his clothes and leaving the house afterwards. The words from Michelle, that had haunted Peter since his escape from the middle of England to the west of Wales, swirled around his head once again.
Think about what you’re doing Peter. Think about what you’re doing.
Sitting in the burning car, he wound the window down to catch every stray breeze and hoped to prevent the return of perspiration, but to his disappointment all he could smell was the odour of hot pavement and coughing exhaust pipes filling the air. Nevertheless, gulps of the polluted air were drastically taken in and he looked on at the driver opposite him, sitting with his Jaguar doors closed, reading the paper and enjoying the cold air that came out of his dashboard, no doubt. 
Peter quivered with fatigue and started the engine, ready for the short journey to Harlech. He had spontaneously decided that he would drive to the top of the hill of Harlech and try and find lodgings near the castle where he had visited before when he was a child. It was the only decent memory he had of his parents, when they were together.

*

It was now Tuesday morning and after his cooked breakfast, the twenty-six-year-old settled the bill with the owner and left promptly at ten am. He telephoned his mum before leaving Harlech, who screamed down the phone that she hoped he would rot in hell. 
After the uncomfortable phone call, the frustrated and dejected Peter Gerrard reluctantly decided to head for Aberystwyth. The option of going home and facing the music did flirt with his mind, but he wanted to spend a few more days of quiet bliss before facing up to his horrendous error. He had already rehearsed what he was going to say to his family a hundred times over. No matter what people thought of him, he was hurting also. After all, it wasn’t something he planned.
The weather had changed drastically the further he headed down the coast, and was bitterly disappointed when he reached his destination to find that the black clouds had fused together to launch an arsenal of salt water onto the mature coast of Aberystwyth. After finding lodgings for the night and a car space, he rebelled against the weather and walked along the gusty promenade. 
When the weather became too intolerable, Peter went into a tearoom so that he could dry off and order a hot drink to defrost his glacial body. The weather had changed in twenty-four hours from tropical to arctic. The British weather had always baffled Peter, but the atmospheric change on this August day seemed too erratic even for Britain. 
The coastal wind was as boisterous as ever, but at least the rain was depleting. He looked over the promenade railings to see gangs of brown seaweed desperately wrapping themselves around the grey rocks, and in the distance was a fishing boat battling against the tempestuous storm, coming back with its silvery, shining catches. He let out a loud disturbing sigh. This certainly wasn’t the year he had planned for himself, and once again he became uneasy about the kind of reception he would get when he eventually faced his family.

*

Wednesday morning couldn’t come soon enough, and Peter left the coastal town with vamoose. He drove with zest through the Welsh countryside, passing Devil’s Bridge, and only stopped when the car needed more fuel and his rusty throat needed to feel a cup of strong warm liquid filled with caffeine. 
After endless hours of driving in the countryside, he stopped off for refreshments. He walked into the café and ordered a pot of coffee and a scone with jam and clotted cream. Noticing the waitress’s nicotine fingers were the same colour as Barmouth beach and that she had a mouthful of neglected rotten teeth that were shaped like the boulders of Stonehenge, he decided to risk the scone but avoid ordering anything that needed cooking.
The busy café was sectioned into two parts. Two thirds of the café was the non-smoking section, and the other third was a designated area for individuals who wished to poison their lungs. Peter decided to poison his lungs after devouring his scone, which took only seconds to be eaten. He looked around, convinced that half of the busy café were staring at him. It was a diminutive place and a stranger’s face always raised suspicions in these kind of private towns, which reminded him of Rugeley. 
He quietly kept himself to himself, and his head remained lowered throughout the smoking of his cigarette and he made sure he made little eye contact with anyone. Coming into a public place was risky, just like going to a seaside resort, but it was only a matter of time before he was caught and he wanted to spend his last days of freedom in a place where he had so many happy times when he was a kid. 
“Is this seat free?” came the strong deep voice above Peter’s head.
Peter smiled and he took one look at the two well-dressed gentleman and who knew straight away whom they were. “You took your time, officers.”
The bald officer spoke, “You can come quietly, or you can make a scene. Perfectly up to you.”
“I’ll come quietly. I’ve done what I had to do,” Peter said with satisfaction. He looked at the hairless, huge officer whose brown eyes hardly blinked.
“Okay, Hanson,” the strapping bald officer ordered his colleague, “take his arm. The car’s waiting outside for you, Mr Gerrard.”
“I didn’t mean to do it,” Peter blurted out. The emotion in his voice was self-evident.
The bald officer spoke with cynical sarcasm. “Course you didn’t.”
Peter said. “Before I got to the bedroom door, I didn’t even know she had a lover. You see, officer, when you open your bedroom door, you don’t expect to see what I saw, and after a few seconds, once it started to sink in, the rage took over. I don’t know what happened.”
“You battered your girlfriend and her lover with a baseball bat. That’s what happened. Fortunately, they’re both stable. They’re gonna make it. Now let’s go.” 
The two stocky men escorted Peter outside, and helped him in the back of the car where he quietly sobbed to himself. Peter looked around, noticing that there was a modest crowd of seven people, wondering why the young man was being escorted in an unmarked vehicle. He continued to weep until he arrived at the West Midlands. He knew it was going to be at least five to ten years before he was going to have another vacation, and decided to lap up every bit of the countryside on his way back home. 
The Archaic Shack
The Archaic Shack

He ran hard and ran as fast as his modest legs would carry his small frame. The cold wind slapped his face and his frozen eyes released tears of panic. 
He couldn’t believe he had done it, he couldn’t believe that he had managed to escape the terrible shack where that sick and perverted old man had kept them for the last eight hours. 
Young John Smith’s legs continued to pound the cold earth, desperate to run the two miles to get to the safety of his home. He weaved from side to side, avoiding the leafless trees in the threatening-looking forest. Each tree looked like a thin giant with spindling fingers trying to stop the youngster getting to his destination. He looked to his side and behind him continuously, as the paranoia was becoming overwhelming.
At first, John and his sister, Marlene, were out having a mystical morning adventure in the forest, but it was now four o’clock and it was getting late. It was Sunday and they had school the next day. 
When John and his sister bumped into the sixty to sixty-five-year-old man, they felt pity for him, as he told them that he was looking for his dog, Buster. They both agreed to help the man look for Buster, and the next thing John knew he was in the shack, on the old man’s floor with his hands tied. 
The tall man’s white hair was thin and down to his shoulders, matching his thin white beard, his eyes as black as the night and his nose glowed scarlet. 
The old man’s mistake was to underestimate John’s strength, but he was soon in control after he hit him for the third time, making the boy unconscious. This made it easier for the beast to terrify his little sister and clumsily tied up her brother with some very weak rope, the same rope he used outside for his washing line. 
His sister was made to drink two large whiskeys, and the sick and sordid act that the old man had in mind was about to begin. John knew he was next, as soon as the old man rammed the dire smelling drink under his chin and snapped at him to drink up. John was twelve years old, five foot and had dark features. This wasn’t the way he wanted to start his teens, and cried as soon as he saw his sister plead wearily with the abuser to spare her. John had never saw her looked so frightened before, poor soul.
He looked behind him, in the afternoon daylight, and immediately stopped in his tracks when he realised that there was no one there. His tears came out with more power and he sobbed, he sobbed hard. 
The thought of his sister being stuck with that animal made the fine bristles on the back of his neck erect. By the time he would manage to get home and inform the police and his parents on what was happening, she probably would be dead. 
“Fuck it!” he cried. 
His heart raced but he had to go back. He couldn’t just leave her there. He only left out of cowardice and sheer panic, but then again, what would his parents prefer, one of their sibling’s dead or both of them? 
He started to jog back to the shack that was brilliantly camouflaged by the cluster of naked trees. What the fuck are you doing, John?
He stopped and his eyes scanned the floor. He picked up a wooden staff, that a dog walker must have left, and looked at the end of the stick. He wanted to see if it was sharp enough to stab that old bastard right in the heart. “It’ll do.” 
He cautiously crept to the windowless archaic shack, and stood frozen at the left side of it, figuring out what to do next. He listened out for sounds coming from inside, but all he could hear were the birds swimming overhead, singing their merry songs, and the occasional lazy hoot from an owl in the distance. 
John crouched to the floor, his backside almost touching the floor as he carefully stepped closer to the shack’s door. Holding the staff in his right hand, he peeped through the keyhole. There was nothing to see apart from the homemade fire, still crackling, and the empty rocking chair. John was seriously starting to question his sanity. His fear was turning into resentment. The pulse was beating prompt and hard and his body was furiously pumping with adrenaline, like a sprinter waiting for the sound of the start pistol. 
If I swing this thing round like crazy, he thought, I can have that old bastard, I’ll break his legs … no … I’ll breaking his fucking face … smash it in, smash his face right the fuck in.
He stood to his feet, clasped the staff hard with his clammy hands and exhaled hard three times, which was his way of counting to three. The door swung open and John entered the one-roomed shack, screaming like a banshee, and then abruptly stopped in the middle of the room. 
He gazed around the soundless room and dropped the staff onto the floor that fell with a clunk, and immediately attended to his naked soused sister who lay on the floor. She was in a world of her own as John tried to bring her back to reality, by gently slapping her pale face. Fresh blood ran from her mouth, as if she had been punched hard. John looked closely to inspect her and realised the blood wasn’t hers as his attention turned to the old man. 
The old man was curled up in the corner of the shack. Somehow he was injured and had a scarf wrapped tightly around his neck. John was satisfied that if the old man could get to his feet, he would have done so by now. The ghastly man lay in the corner, near the crackling fire, quietly sobbing to himself.
John went over to the other corner of the room and picked up his sister’s t-shirt, trousers, knickers and coat and threw them over to her. 
“Get dressed,” he ordered. “We’re leaving.” 
Still slightly intoxicated, and dazed by the whole shocking incident, she struggled to put on her clothes. He gave her some help and ignored the old man’s pleas. 
“Please, son.” he sobbed. “I think I need a doctor.”
“You’re getting nothing.” John snapped back, and continued to dress a perplexed Marlene.
“Your sister went mad, I was only playing a game with you two. I was just trying to frighten you … as a joke.” 
John stepped towards him. The injured attacker was curled up, like a slug that had been doused with a handful of salt. John sneered at him, “Really?”
“Yes, son.” The old man was now putting on a pathetic voice, purely to attract sympathy. He had to do something, as he knew he was bleeding to death.
“Well this time,” John said, “it’s time for me to play a game.” 
The old man’s face altered, and without warning, became infested with venom. “This is no joke, you silly little bastard! Your fuckin’ sister has bitten into my neck! I’m bleeding to death here!” 
“I’m ready.” Marlene stood up. She was fully clothed, but it looked like she had been dressed by a blind person.
“Go wait outside.”
“I wanna go home, John.” she cried.
“We are. Just give me a minute.”
Marlene left the shack.
John looked round the hovel, ignoring the pathetic pleading whimpers from the beast, and his eye spotted just what he was looking for. A petrol can. John walked over to the can and picked it up.
“Don’t touch that, son,” the old man begged. “I need that for my chainsaw and sometimes I use it for the fire. They’re a bugger to start, especially … what are you doing?”
John stood over his former attacker and grinned wickedly as he unscrewed the petrol cap.
“What are you doing? You can’t…” 
The old man was still curled up with both hands cupping his neck, and as soon as the first splash of liquid hit his face he screamed in panic. The petrol seeped through the cracks of his fingers and began to burn his bloodied neck, and the screaming went up an octave and became more hysterical, then it disappeared. His mouth was still open, as if he was still wailing but nothing more came out, as if the shock had ripped out his voice.
John had drenched his injured area with the whole petrol can, splashing a lot of it onto his face, blinding the old man. The endless tears ran down the old man’s face as if he was surrounded by a hefty amount of strong onions, but the tears were caused by the white hot pain he was experiencing. The chemical continued to burn away at his damaged neck. The damage to the neck was appalling, and if John had grabbed hold of the small flap of skin hanging from his neck and pulled it, it would have come off quite easily, enhancing the wound.
Half conscious, the old man’s tears continued as John rolled up one of the man’s newspapers and had set it alight with the fire. John’s arm was outstretched so that the flames never reached his drenched trousers.
“You ... you can’t burn me,” he pleaded. “I don’t want to die, I don’t want to burn.”
John then let the let paper go and ran out of the old shack. He could feel the heat rise up quickly, which scalded the back of his neck. For a second he thought he’d overdone it. He looked down, checking if he had set himself alight as well, but fortunately he had managed to get away with it. 
He tried to ignore the man’s atrocious screams, and ushered Marlene through the forest. Her hands were over her ears, trying to drown out her attacker’s horrific wails as the voracious flames inside the shack, wrathfully devoured the old man’s sagging skin. The two dazed youngsters silently started to walk home.
John made sure his sister stayed by his side and was concerned what exactly went on in the shack, if anything, and how this would eventually affect the ten-year-old-girl. 
Poor Little Lucy
Poor Little Lucy

The bad people had been in the house for the last five minutes, and for little Lucy, it was five minutes too long as the scuffling in the next room began, which was then followed by panic stricken yelling. She heard three or four voices simultaneously and she could pick out the voice of her parents, especially the panicky voice of her angry and surprised father. 
She had sensed that her daddy had been acting strangely for the last few days. He had started to take her and pick her up from school, and he insisted that Lucy shouldn’t play outside any longer, not until daddy said she could. She was confused and asked daddy questions, but she loved him and knew whatever he was doing it for, it was for her benefit and that she would soon be allowed to play with Gail from number 45 eventually, and her best friend Lisa Morley, who she had known since nursery. 
It was a shock to the system when Lucy first heard the crashing noise from downstairs. It perplexed her, and at first she thought it was her dad messing around downstairs, as her mum always used to laugh and say that daddy was a clumsy clown. The sound made her shoot upright in her bed. Her back was straight, making her body into a right angle with her legs still straight, and her digital clock stated that it was nearly one o’clock. She had never seen her clock be that time before.
She then knew that it wasn’t her dad downstairs, and the noises made her shudder when she heard the screams coming from her mummy and daddy’s bedroom. She decided to hide in her large built-in cupboard that she kept some of her favourite toys in. In the cupboard was a Winni the Pooh bear that her aunt Donna had bought for her, and a big Woody Wood Pecker that her mum had won when they all went to Port Aventura in Salou, Spain. There were numerous board games and a blackboard, but her favourite was the three foot bear, Barney. Barney was a large teddy that her dad bought her when it was her sixth birthday a couple of months ago. 
Barney was her favourite toy, her best friend. Any problem she had, she would share it with Barney. But now she needed her best friend to keep her safe from the bad people, who seemed to be hurting her mummy and daddy in the next room. The clever and quick thinking child quickly made her bed, opened her bedroom window slightly, and approached the cupboard.
As the screams and the frenzied commotion continued in the next bedroom, Lucy had opened her spacious cupboard in the corner of her room to see the silhouette of Barney sitting on the floor in the darkness. She couldn’t see him properly, but she felt that he was glaring at her with his black lifeless eyes that she couldn’t see. It made her shudder but knew there was a lot worse happening in the next room. She moved Barney forward with her right hand, apologised quietly to him for bending him forward, and then she sat behind him. Her little legs were spread the same as Barney, but were underneath Barney’s legs so his cuddly body would keep her well hidden, and she tucked her long blonde hair behind her ears.
As soon as she leaned over and managed to pull her cupboard door shut, her bedroom door flew open, making a crashing noise. The bedroom light was turned on quickly and she could see the crack of yellow light by the cupboard door near Barney’s feet, and then the light had been switched off once again. 
Whoever had opened her bedroom door had left it open and the noise from her mum and dad’s room could be heard clearer. The screams had gone and were replaced by groans of pain and bewilderment. She couldn’t hear mummy, but she heard her daddy yell in a croaky and broken voice, “Where’s my daughter? What have you done to my little girl?”
Lucy was desperate to call out to her distressed father and say: “I’m here, daddy! I’m here!” But she was certain that it would jeopardise her own safety if she completed such a task. Then in a voice she didn’t recognise, she heard a man say, “She escaped through the bedroom window, but don’t worry, we’ll find the little bitch.” 
Then she heard her father once again. “Leave my wife alone, it’s me you want. I’m the one he’s after.” 
“Everything to do with you has to be destroyed!” a man yelled. 
Her heart galloped so hard, she could feel the vibrations in her throat, and she felt sick with fear. She put her hands over her ears, as she had never heard such angry words before, although she did put a film on once accidentally, about some strange looking men attacking a family in a desert. Her dad had reprimanded her and said that the film was for adults only. 
She removed her little hands from her ears, and after a brief silence, she could then hear muttering coming from strangers’ mouths, which was then followed by squelching noises and moans of pain from her daddy. The house then became silent. 
In a silence that felt like an eternity, the nervous adrenaline kept Lucy awake, and her mind awoke even more with the sound of shuffling feet on the landing. She heard the sentence, “That’s one step to our deliverance,” which came from a female voice. The frightened girl didn’t know what that meant. 
It sounded like there were three of the bad people, Lucy thought, and one was a lady. They eventually left the house. 
Lucy shivered with fear and the realisation of her mummy and daddy’s house being invaded by strangers, started to slowly sink in. She needed to see if they were all right. There was no noise coming from their bedroom, but maybe they were tied up and gagged like what Billy Harrison does when he plays soldiers with the other boys in the street, she thought. Lucy was always invited to be the nurse for the injured soldiers, which always disenchanted her. She wanted to hold one of the plastic guns and be a soldier, but she wasn’t allowed.
Confident that the visit of evil had left the house, she pushed the cupboard door open with the sole of her foot. She pushed Barney forward, so that she could get to her feet, and stood in the middle of her bedroom wearing her white night dress, but her feet remained naked. Her guess was correct. Her door was wide open, allowing her to see into a small part of her parent’s bedroom, but she couldn’t see anything of them.
“Mummy,” she whispered. 
There was no answer, and a judder vibrated through her frightened little skeletal frame.
She tried again. “Mummy?” she spoke a little louder. “Daddy?”
Now tears left both of her eyes with vamoose, her lower lip drooped, and she scrunched her face as if she was about to burst into hysterical tears.
“Mummy! Daddy!” Her crying became uncontrollable now, and she walked slowly to the doorway of her bedroom, rubbing her soaked tear stained cheeks. “Mummy! Daddy!” 
The dusky landing was clear, and had been lit up slightly from the bedroom light that came from her parent’s room. 
What happens if the bad people come back? What did they want?
She hesitantly stepped forward, toward the silent and eerie room of her parents. There was a strange smell coming from the room, a smell she didn’t recognise and then her nose was assaulted by another smell, and this time she knew exactly what the smell was. It smelt strange. It smelt similar to when she 'baked a cake' as her mum would say. It was also similar to the farmer’s fields when they freshly sprayed them.
She said to herself that she would count to three before going into the room, as the last time she heard strange noises coming from the bedroom she saw daddy playing with mummy and doing naughty things. Daddy had explained to Lucy at the time that he was showing mummy that he loved her, and that she would understand when she becomes a young lady.
This was different, though. Daddy wasn’t loving mummy. 
This involved the bad people.
“One,” she said quietly under her breath. “Two.”
Her breathing was shallower and had become more rapid. The fretfulness she was feeling was something a child should never experience. The front door downstairs was open, the house had been invaded by complete strangers, and little Lucy had never felt so alone in all of her short life. “Three.”
As she entered her parent’s room, it took a while before she could focus on what had happened. She had never seen anything like this before, in real life, or on television. She stopped crying.
The bloody carnage and savagery would no doubt scar the poor child for the rest of her days. The arterial splatters of blood up the walls, the red bloodied handprints and smears down the white walls that her daddy had only decorated last month, was horrific in itself. But to see her naked daddy with his bloodied stomach cut open and his face full of deep cuts would be hard for any daughter to cope with. 
Her weary attention then turned towards her mummy. She was wearing her lemon silky pyjamas that she had bought herself a few weeks ago, but they were now ruined and saturated in crimson. Her mother was lying on her front and looked to have sustained wounds into her back. The back of her head looked to have been smashed in with something, as Lucy thought it looked a funny shape, almost as if the head had caved in a little. And what was that strange stuff coming out of it? She didn’t really recognise the side of her mum’s face as blood from the top of her head had travelled down to cover the skin, but she knew it was her.
It was a lot to take in for the poor child, and once it did, the child sobbed once again. She sobbed so hard she thought her heart was going to break, and despite the awful smell, she stayed in the room not wanting to leave her parents, and sat in the corner of the room for the rest of the early morning. Naturally, sleep never managed to overwhelm little Lucy, and the distraught child wasn’t found until near eight o’clock, when a concerned Mr and Mrs White knocked on the door, and eventually went upstairs following the child’s sobs.
As soon as the carnage was witnessed by both the middle aged husband and wife, the husband phoned for the police as a weary Mrs White’s face turned the same colour as her surname, as she tried to comfort the child the best she could. 
She had known the couple for nearly ten years, and sobbed also with the child, who still refused to leave her parents, despite the carnage. 
Mrs White stroked the child’s hair comfortingly and repeated tearfully. “Poor little Lucy. Poor little Lucy.” 
Hard to Forget
Hard to Forget

Mark Pembrook sat in his living room all alone, but very content with his company and his newfound freedom. He was cursing the chance he could have had with Vicki James who was a five-foot eight beautiful brunette. Six months ago, Vicki James had seductively asked Mark out for a drink which he had to politely decline. He also rejected Sarah Thorne, a cute short blonde trainee who was ten years younger than Mark, who on a work’s night out started groping Mark in a way that if the roles were reversed the ‘sexual harassment’ book would have been thrown at him along with a police fine. 
He sat there laughing on all the fun that he had planned for himself. He turned the television off in his room as it was disturbing his wild fantasies, and he sat back on the couch and heard the whimper of an animal. With a groan, he rose back from out the chair, passed through the kitchen to open the back door and let Suzy into the garden, his black Labrador. He sat on the doorstep whilst the dog was relieving itself and looked out into what was a surprising desolate street. 
He gazed at Suzy, crouching in the corner of the garden, and was really optimistic about the weekend. He had nothing special planned but was looking forward to having two days off work. His work opened on a Saturday, so he had to book the Saturday off. His plans were to basically roam about the house, take Suzy for walks all over Ridgeware, and get drunk on the evenings, starting with this evening. It was Friday night, and he was officially about to rejoice his freedom.
Mark looked at his wristwatch and cursed as he took a look at the face that read 6:46pm. It was a birthday present from his ex, Nancy, from the makers of Gucci so it wasn’t a cheap offering.
He rose to his feet and walked to the fridge and pulled out a can of beer. He sat back on the step, looking at the slightly abandoned garden. Suzy was still in the corner, this time lying on her side with her right back leg up in the air, caressing her under carriage with her tongue. Mark screwed up his face in disgust and took a drink from his can of beer.
“Dirty bitch,” he snickered.
He had made up his mind about tomorrow and told himself that he and Suzy will most definitely take a walk up to the woods. He admitted to himself that the dog had been badly neglected of any exercise over the past few weeks and he, himself, had a few demons to exorcise. It wouldn’t be easy, but this was probably the right time to do it and it had been years since he walked through the woods, which Suzy used to adore. 
The garden would have to be on his list of chores also, as over the past few months it had overgrown grass, weeds and the garden was now malodorous, stinking of dog faeces and if he did eventually get round to mowing the garden, the last thing he wanted was old, dry hidden bits of excrement flying into his face and all over the side of the house as the blades touched the week old faeces. 
His neighbours weren’t too pleased with the neglect of his garden either. About a month ago Bill Hart, Mark’s next door neighbour, had graciously asked Mark to clean up his garden as it was making the street look untidy. Also, Mr James down the road, who was trying to sell his house, had blamed the appearance of Mark’s garden for the reason why potential buyers hadn’t put in a bid for his house. This advice fell on deaf ears, as Mark was going through his break up. 
Fucking nosey bastards! 
But this time he knew it was time to tidy it up, not because of what Bill Hart or Mr James had said to him, simply because he thought it was time to take responsibility for his modest patch of land.
I’ll give it a week. Take the dog for plenty of walks, and then at least then the remaining faeces will be almost like powder so I won’t have to do the garden covered from head to toe in a bin liner.
He took another drink and squinted up to the unusually looking orange sun, with its flame leisurely dieing out before Mark’s very eyes. The more he looked up, the more bright hexagonal shapes appeared in front of his eyes. He was ready to get drunk.
Mark stood and reached for his book that was lying on the kitchen shelf and began to read his book about the English civil war that he had studied at college. He had already read the book once, but was fascinated about British history. Including his faithful Suzy, it was one of his loves. He began to read the end of one of the chapters, which was a summary of the thirty-seven pages before it.
Mark dropped his book from his eyes and tossed it onto the kitchen floor as if he had immediately lost interest. He wasn’t in the mood, he just wanted to get drunk and then drunk some more. Mark wasn’t depressed, at least he thought he wasn’t, he was celebrating freedom. His attention turned back to Vicki James, but not for long. His mischievous grin slowly descended into an atypical grimace and all of a sudden, without any warning, he seemed to be sitting under a black cloud of melancholy.
Over the six-foot wooden fence that surrounded his garden, he could see the unusually looking oak tree that stood in the next garden that belonged to Mr and Mrs McFadden, Bill Hart lived on the other side of Mark’s house. The McFaddens were a quiet and pleasant young couple and had two young twin boys aged seven. The boys were no trouble at all. Mark never had any qualms with the McFaddens as they never really exchanged words, apart from the odd ‘good morning’ and ‘beautiful weather we’re having.’ Mark had noticed that the children must have been playing in the tree, or swinging from the tree, as there was a blue coloured rope hanging about eight foot from the ground on one of the sad, weary looking branches that was ready to detach itself. 
The tree had never bothered Mark before, but then again he never spent that much time in his garden because of the effluvium coming from week old dog faeces in the garden. This was the first time that he saw anything hanging from his next-door neighbour’s tree, as Mark could occasionally hear the overprotective parents shouting at the twins to be careful. By the sounds of things, they idolised their kids and certainly wouldn’t let them swing from a tree at that height. 
For the first time since Mark had moved into his two bedroomed house, he noticed that the tree looked unusually threatening, as if it was towering over the garden, ready to take a giant leap to confront him. He looked closely, and he could see that it had two huge branches on each side of its trunk, looking like giant outstretched arms with other branches that had grown from the two large ones as if fingers had been created. Has this always been the shape of the tree, or is my mind messing with me?
Mark looked at his can, his first one, and put his wild thoughts down to stress, heatstroke, and lack of sleep. How he needed to bring back a level of sanity back.
After a second or two, common sense had managed to resurface and normality had once again been restored, for the time being anyway. The blue rope that hung from the oak tree still chiselled away at Mark’s mind and the horror that he had encountered two years ago came flooding back instantly like a burst dam. The humid evening, despite its heat, did not prevent the cold shiver that rapidly went through Mark’s vertebrae, and although his evening had started on a positive note, during a one-minute period he witnessed a scene of horror in his mind. A horror that he desperately tried to hide for years 
He could see himself buoyantly walking through the woods, swinging the leather dog lead with his right arm, creating an imaginary circle to the right of him, until the lead eventually wrapped itself around his outstretched hand. Suzy playfully galloped across the path to the left and then to the right, in and out of the trees, trying so hard to impress her master with her athletic ability.
Then the dog stopped dead about ten yards away from her master and stared at him, scowling and raising her nose towards the sky inquisitively. She was sniffing the air as if there was a sudden lack of oxygen, and then she galloped away from him, ignoring her master’s calls to return.
Suzy had now disappeared and Mark had started to become a little anxious with his dog’s unusual disobedience. He became even more concerned that straight ahead of his path the dog had reappeared one hundred yards away from its master, facing right, towards something, towards the trees. As Suzy started yelping and crying continually, Mark’s pace began to accelerate until he could hear a faint rustling in the trees as he reached the same destination as his companion. As the rustling grew with bustle, he turned to face right and looked on with his disbelieving eyes, feeling unreservedly rudderless.
About ten feet from the ground was a pair of legs, desperately kicking out, and as Mark’s eyes climbed further up the legs, he saw a man hanging from one of the strong looking branches, which was about sixteen foot from the ground by a piece of rope that had securely tightened itself round his neck. The man’s eyes were filled with enormous regret and he was desperate to free himself from the rope, by helplessly grabbing for the rope that became tighter each time he struggled. Mark desperately looked around to see what he could find or how he could get the poor man down. He was overcome by consternation and confusion, which resulted in his disinclination. He helplessly searched the area, looking for something to help the man, but at the same time didn’t know what he was looking for and he didn’t know what he was doing. It was a short pathetic attempt to save this man’s life, but he was far too late. 
The man’s eyes were now pleading for help and bulging as if they were about to pop out any minute. The distressing eyes looked at Mark one last time, and for a short few seconds the man desperately tried to take in some air through his crushed windpipe. The rope was burning and bruising his fragile neck. He raised his tired hands one last time to free himself but he knew it was hopeless. The man began to swing gently, like a tired pendulum with his head now lowered, his deathly gaze watching the ground.
Mark sat with his dog, facing away from the suicide scene, overcome with astonishment but he still managed to partially subjugate his unwanted emotion and called the police on his mobile phone. The police had taken twenty minutes to get there, as their vehicles had to be parked to the left of the woods in Red Hill as there was no other possible way of getting to the scene. Even the ambulance helicopter would have been a waste of time, as the woods were so condensed with trees there would be nowhere to land. 
Those harrowing scenes that Mark had experienced on that fateful night would be there until his dying day, he knew that, but he had a great deal of sympathy for the man who took his own life. Mark had once saw a documentary that claimed that individuals who participate in suicide attempts tended to regret their actions once they get to the point of no return. 
A man in Denver, Colorado had a mental breakdown, due to financial problems, and threw himself off a twelve-storey car park. By some miracle, he landed in a skip, full of unwanted house contents, including a couple of old mattresses that had cushioned the impact. The man survived. Although he had broken both legs, seven ribs and fractured his left wrist, he claimed, while he was getting interviewed for the documentary, that as soon as he jumped he regretted his decision and was fortunate to be given another chance in life. 
This must have been what it was like for that poor man. As soon as he started swinging and could feel his neck getting tighter, he must have wished that he could turn the clock back. Because from what Mark could see, his facial expression told him that his misbegotten suicide plan was a rash and enfeebled option.
Mark wiped the tears from his face with the palm of his hand and got up to get himself another beer and was preparing himself for a drunken evening. 
Living the Nightmare
Living the Nightmare

The oppressive room was being pierced by the strident beeping clamour coming from his annoying alarm. But he needn’t have bothered setting it, as Brian Jenkins had been awake for the last twenty minutes. He was woken by his bursting bladder, but too idle, and still too drunk, to get up from his sweat stained bed, that he had been lying in since he passed out at 2am on the Sunday morning. 
The alarm, which sat on the bedside table to the left of him, continued to beep away as he lay naked on top of the tarnished sheets. His left arm was behind his head and his legs were crossed at the ankles, preventing the chill in the room from reaching his genitals. 
Something caught his attention in the corner of his right eye. His fuzzy vision looked over at the end of the room and focused on the carpet where an empty brandy bottle lay horizontally. Above the bottle, standing upright on top of the dressing table, a half drunk bottle of wine sat. He remembered drinking the brandy, but opening the bottle of red wine was completely absent from his murky recollections. He shook his head with concern for his well-being, but this was how he started most of his Sunday mornings. But this Sunday morning was different to the rest, as he had drunk more than his usual.
Jenkins’s bedroom looked like it needed a makeover, he thought. It also needed to feel a gush of fresh air running through its rooms, instead of being filled with the usual smell of stale booze, which usually inhabited the place on most Sunday mornings.  
He finally lifted himself off the cold sheets and, once again, cursed his behaviour under his breath. After a drunken night, his reaction were forever the same. He reviled his conduct, but the nighttimes became so lonely and intolerable, he would end up walking to his off licence for alcohol, any alcohol. 
He despised himself for going there, and was convinced that the guy at the counter knew that he had a problem with the poison. Sometimes, when the guilt was eating him up inside, he would buy an expensive bottle of red and white wine, to let the man from behind the counter know that he didn’t have a drink problem, but was purely entertaining guests and the sophisticated bottles was to be swallowed while they ate their meals. Other days he couldn’t care less, and would openly ask for the cheapest bottle of whisky or anything else that caught his eye.
He stood on his weary feet and went for his clothes drawer and found a t-shirt and a pair of shorts. He slipped them on, to shut out some of the cold that was filtering in the room and brushing his naked body, bringing out goose pimples on his arms. He finally realised that the bedroom window had been left slightly ajar, which baffled him as he always kept it shut, especially on a night. 
He put his head in his hands as a small flashback reached his brain. He went over to the alarm that announced it was now 7:02am, and finally switched the exasperating beeping sound off. He went back over to the window and pushed it further ajar. He looked over and out of the window and what he saw confirmed that his flashbacks from the night before had been precise. The vomit sat in a splattered and lumpy pile under his living room’s window ledge.  
The erroneous pile of thick, vegetable soup looking vomit would have to be dispersed of very quickly, he thought, before the neighbours would see it and complain. He never knew why he did such an action, considering the bathroom was only a few yards away. The alcohol was not only rotting his liver, it was also decaying his intellect. 
A week previous, he had crawled out of bed one Sunday afternoon to find his hallway damp. It took him a few minutes to realise that the cause of the dampness was urine, and that he must have gotten up during the night, opened his bedroom door and unashamedly urinated on his hall carpet, despite the bathroom being a few steps away, and then after he had dampened his hall, he then returned to bed without a care in the world. 
He spent ten minutes in the bathroom, which included brushing of the teeth, a hectic shave with a blunt razor and took a further minute to empty his throbbing bladder. He urinated by sitting down on the wooden toilet seat. He didn’t think his feet could stand for that amount of time so early in the morning. He looked down at his urine, as it gushed out, and it was an awful coffee colour due to his dehydration. 
He returned to the bedroom and bent over to pick the empty brandy bottle up, and he must have gotten up too quick as the nauseous feeling was returning and the room span round twice. He retched twice, and gulped hard and sucked a long deep breath in, desperate to keep what was left in his stomach inside of him. He slowly shuffled his feet back to the bed and lay down. Rather than spinning, the room now swayed as if he was on a boat in turbulent waters but it still made him feel queasy. He stuck his right leg over the bed and placed his foot on the floor. It worked, and the room remained still. 
Jenkins closed his eyes and persuaded himself that he could manage another thirty minutes of sleep. As sleep was becoming to overcome him, he was insolently interrupted, and not for the first time, by images of the woman that had haunted him for years. 
She was slumped next to him, her face was unrecognisable due to the massive amounts of blood that covered it, and she looked disfigured. It was apparent that some of the bones in her face had been crushed which was the cause for her disfigurement, and blood continued to slowly pour from the top of her head. Her skull, due to the massive trauma, had been violently opened at the top and had exposed tissue that he had seen before in horror films, but would be happy if he never saw such a thing again. He looked down on his shirt and saw that it was covered in splatters of blood, but it wasn’t his blood. He looked back up to the bloodied crumpled face of the woman to see a large piece of metal implanted into the side of her neck. She had died a sad and violent death, yet he was unharmed. He then turned to see what was behind him. It was the fresh bloodied corpse of a young boy.
NO!
His eyes opened suddenly. Not this time, he thought. I’m not going through this today.
He forced himself off the bed and went into the kitchen to fix himself a large glass of water with a slice of lemon. Someone at work had informed him that the lemon purifies the liver if a couple of units of alcohol had been taken. What he didn’t tell his colleague was that his drinking was excessive, about twice a week, and that he would probably need a bag of lemons and a month of fruit and water to ensure his liver would recover with the amount of alcohol he put away in such a short space of time.
He went back into the room to clear his head. He couldn’t drive in this condition, he thought. This had been the worst he had been for months, and he knew that he was still soused because of the amount of units he had drunk, and that it was only five hours ago since he stopped drinking.
He would normally drink three quarters of a bottle of spirits, and that would be enough for him to feel inebriated and get some sleep. The night before, the last day of November, was different, however. This time the images refused to evaporate. They always did the day before the beginning of December. 
The sickening pictures, of what had been haunting him for many years, were more vivid than normal the night before. Even when he reached three quarters of the bottle of brandy, the reminiscences were still very comprehensible, and that was when he made the decision to continue to drink. The night before was dissimilar to the rest of any other nights. The last day of November was the anniversary. The anniversary.
He sat on the edge of the bed, his body shaking from the aridness his body was going through. The flashbacks were persistent, and he knew the only three things that could disable them temporarily were drink, sleep and work. He swallowed down the water and made the decision to go into work early, whether he was over the limit or not, which he surely was. As he reached for his crumpled up trousers, that sat untidily on the floor, another image ran through his mind and he saw the whole picture.
No matter how many times he saw this representation, it still made the blood in his veins turn icy. The picture was clear as if he was staring at a photograph, as if he was in the picture, and as if he was back there.
Brian Jenkins saw the bloodied and broken face of the woman again, and the metal object that had bloodily savaged her fragile neck and head. He could still feel the claustrophobic feeling of the metal wreck he was trapped in, and the smell of carbon monoxide, fuel, blood, and the acid in the back of his throat rising and stinging him. 
Not for the first time in his house, he broke down in tears. 
He tried to fight it, but as soon as he could feel his lower lip trembling, that was when he knew that keeping a lid on his emotions would be fruitless. Some mornings he would manage to keep it together, but this time he decided to let go. He sobbed loudly and unashamedly for minutes, and once the emotions died down, he wiped his face with his t-shirt and looked around for a shirt and tie. 
In one hour’s time the I.T. Manager would have to stroll through the office as if nothing was wrong, and that was the hardest part. His superiors had moaned constantly about his presentation, and at one point he was called into the office because some work colleagues complained that he was too aggressive in the workplace.
He took one look in the mirror, and saw that his neck had been slashed, due to the hectic shaving with the blunt razor in the bathroom, but he shrugged his shoulders. He didn’t care. 
He lit up a cigarette, although he had informed his colleagues that he had quit, picked up the many packets of mints he kept in his bedside drawer and left for work minutes later. He had to adapt the role he always adapted to when he went into work, and he had to be a completely different person whenever he was around his colleagues. The last thing he needed was their pathetic pity. The last thing he needed was for his colleagues to learn that his wife and his son had been killed in a car crash four years ago, and he was responsible for falling asleep at the wheel. That would probably be where the sympathy would wane.
On his side table he had the drawing his four-year-old son had made for him two days before the crash. It was meant to be a picture of his daddy and was drawn on a red background. It was his most treasured possession. Every time he looked at it, he felt the pain.
There wasn’t a day went by he would blame himself for the crash, for the death of his wife and his son. But he had to move on. He had lost count how many times he had tortured himself for falling asleep at the wheel. He took a look over to the bedside table where a full bottle of painkillers remained open. Even in his soused state, he was still too afraid to join his family.
Maybe next week, he thought.
Detention
Detention

He sighed hard and placed his hands over his clammy forehead. Of course he wanted to just go home, but John Best had been busting his balls for months, and Gerry Holden had had enough.
Gerry had been teaching English for the last ten years, and never found the job rewarding at all. He spent years learning about poets, famous writers, had studied their work in detail, and for what? To spend his time telling unruly teenagers to be quiet and constantly pausing every time a mobile phone would go off.
It was a shit job. He hated it. 
The likes of John Best who had spent the last few months berating Gerry, didn’t really make his life any easier. The name-calling was bad enough, but when the kids found out about Gerry’s divorce, the bullying, especially from Best, intensified. Gerry’s sexuality was also questioned, and even his performance in the bedroom department was questioned by the nosey students, and Best was the main culprit for the verbal bullying.
“Is that why she left you, Mr. Holden?” “Can’t you get it up?” “You got a small dick?” 
As if divorce wasn’t stressful enough, Gerry had to face the mocking of a dozen pupils a day. The rest of his classes were fine. It was John Best and his sheep-like disciples that were making life hard for the forty-one-year-old teacher.
Gerry had put off detention for Best for weeks, simply because he didn’t want to spend his time sitting in a desolate classroom, looking at the seventeen-year-old he detested and that made his life a misery. But enough was enough.
It was after school and both teacher and pupil were both seated in the almost desolate classroom. 
“So what do we do now, sir?” Best asked mockingly.
“You sit there and think about what you’ve been saying and doing for the last couple of months.”
Best sniggered, but there didn’t seem to be too much confidence behind the smile. His bravery was somewhat diluted now he was on his own and had no audience to perform to.
“Did I say something funny?” Gerry stood to his feet. Anger was etched on his face, but he was nervous. Best could see his teacher was nervous, as Gerry bit his bottom lip to stop it from quivering. 
It had been a hellish few months for Gerry Holden. Finding his wife in bed with another woman was bad enough, but having to see his two young daughters for a few hours a week, was a punishment he detested. He was being punished for something he didn’t do and now she was demanding a percentage of his wages to finance the two girls. It was something he couldn’t afford. 
Of course he wanted to take care of his girls, but he needed to find another place to stay, and the threat of redundancies was keeping him awake at night. But when you’re a desperate man who can’t sleep but has a cabinet full of bourbon, there’s only going to be one outcome.
Gerry was taking his classes with a hangover, tired, sleep deprived and in a depressed and emotional fragile state. And the Principle of the school who had an unusual disliking for Gerry, had hinted that he might be one of the teachers to lose their jobs because of cost cutting.
John Best took out a pornographic magazine and began to read it.
Gerry never said a word. He knew what the unruly teenager was trying to do.
He was trying to coax him into a verbal war of words. But so long as Best remained seated, Gerry was going to stay tight lipped.
“So how’s Mrs Holden, sir?”
The teacher only reacted to the question biologically. His heart galloped and the adrenaline rushed through his veins. But physically, he only reacted with a false thin smile. He adjusted his jacket and continued to read his book, although he had been on the same page for a while now.
“I hear she’s batting for the other side now,” he cackled. “Maybe your daughters will end up the same.”
His hand began to shake and his outside calmness deteriorated as he stood up straight. Gerry slowly walked over to the smiling Best, who began to show signs of apprehension on his young face. He walked around the teenager and was surprised that he never looked behind him once to see what his teacher was up to. Maybe if he did, it would have shown that he was slightly apprehensive. But what was a teacher going to do? Best thought. Assault one of his pupils?
“So what now, Mr Holden? You gonna cry?” Best laughed. 
Gerry continued to stare at the back of John Best’s head. 
“Why?” Gerry asked.
“Why what?”
“The name calling? The mocking of my separation from my wife, my daughters? Why do it? I’m not stupid. You think I don’t know that the whole school is talking about me, because you’ve been bad mouthing me on your social network? Why? What have I ever done to you?”
Best shrugged his shoulders. He didn’t need to use any words. His shrug alone told Gerry this kid couldn’t care less.
Gerry continued, now feeling the lump growing in his throat and the tears welling up under his eyeballs.
“My life has fallen apart, and you seem to have taken some kind of perverse pleasure in it. Why? Because it makes the other kids laugh? You think it makes you popular?”
Best said, “Couldn’t give a fuck. You’re a fuckin’ idiot. None of the teachers like you and the students hate your guts. What more do you want me to say?” 
Gerry smiled thinly. “I think that’s enough.”
Best looked at his watch. “My dad’s picking me up, so I’ll be going soon.”
“We’re here for the hour. Your dad will have to wait another fifteen minutes. Then you can go.” 
“You know what this is?” Best huffed, still keeping his head facing the front. “Apart from harassment that is, it’s you trying to control a situation just because your own life has gone to the shitter.”
“Is that right?” 
Gerry could feel his blood simmering. His cheeks shook with rage and wanted nothing more than to beat this kid half to death.
But he didn’t. 
The audible noise made Gerry jump, he didn’t realise it would be so loud.
He looked down to see John Best face down on his desk, and a pool of crimson slowly forming on the right side of his head. Gerry lowered the smoking revolver and dropped it to the floor. 
He had no intention of using it against Best. It all become too much with the divorce that he had purchased the gun and planned to take his own life at the school. At least then there would be no chance of his wife or his daughters finding his body, as he couldn’t do that to them. But he could do it to the school’s janitor. That miserable prick James MacKie hadn’t spoke to Gerry since he started work there. He could live with the fact that he would stumble across the body. 
Okay, so his daughters would be devastated, but they would be better off without him. Or so he thought. 
He picked the gun back up and gazed at John’s Best’s lifeless body. The bullet that had ravaged the teenager’s skull had created only a small wound. He walked over to the classroom window to see the pupil’s dad waiting in the car and released a sad sigh.
Gerry wearily left the classroom and shut the door behind him. He walked into the boy’s toilets and locked himself in one of the cubicles, gun pointing at his head.
The Snip
The Snip

It had been a leisurely week, however, Thursday afternoon had come around too quickly for Brian Mason. The thirty-eight-year old was a father of three and had decided to do the brave thing, and destroy any chance of he and his wife having any more children. He was going for a vasectomy. 
He had taken the rest of the week off work, knowing that after the ten-minute operation he would be in quite an uncomfortable state for a week at least. He remained in the clinic waiting area—a waiting area especially for his situation—and sat with his head down, holding onto his yellow appointment slip. 
He had done what was required. 
He had had a light breakfast before arriving at the hospital, and had shaved his genitals the night before whilst he was in the shower. His balls were itching already and could happily scratch them wearing a Freddy Krueger glove, but the itchiness was the last thing that he was worried about. 
He sat in the waiting room, shitting himself, and next to him were two men trying their best to be cool about the situation. Their ‘punishment’ for having potent sperm was going to be the same as Brian’s. They were about to receive two needles, one in each side of the sack area, followed by two weeks of swelling and purple contusions. They had already seen the pictures on the net, and once they were done, their nether regions were going to be of similar appearance to a couple of plums. 
A man walked out of the door to the left, fresh from an operation. He headed into the waiting room and Brian gulped hard, which felt like a pebble sliding down his rusty throat. Every time someone walked out of the door, it meant he was becoming a step closer to his own fate. 
“What the fuck am I doing?” he muttered under his breath. Then he remembered.
He loved his kids, but Brian was convinced that children were programmed to destroy a parent’s insanity, as he hadn’t had a decent night’s sleep in five years. 
He didn’t want any more. 
The man who came out of the door seemed to be in his fifties. He was staggering clumsily like a drunken John Wayne. His legs were bowed, trying desperately to keep his bruised scrotum away from rubbing against his legs. To his left, Brian could see the two men sitting next to him, gazing at the poor individual with sympathy, yet fear, as one way or another this was going to be their fate as well. 
A woman came out of the white door on the left, and all three men stopped looking at the injured man and gasped and turned their heads to the left. She called Brian’s full name and he stared wide-eyed, and tried to calm himself with a couple of deep breaths. He stood up and raised his hand like a child in school. 
“Follow me, please,” she spoke softly. 
The woman was quite lanky at six foot, the same size as Brian, and walked briskly to a room. Brian was greeted by a female surgeon, who was seated and filling in paperwork. 
“Mr Mason?” the surgeon queried, without looking up. 
“Yep.” 
After a series of questions, the sitting surgeon put her pen down and clapped her hands together. “Right, take your shoes and trousers off and get yourself onto the bed, please.” 
Brian nervously adhered to the surgeon’s instructions and got himself onto the bed. He wiped his clammy hands on his trousers and felt his bowels loosening. The woman who called out his name was the surgeon’s assistant, and she walked over and smiled as Brian lay completely flat, staring at the light. He was still fully clothed. 
He hated dentists, but knew this was going to be worse. The needles were not going to be in his mouth, they were going to be in a more delicate place. What he had to remember was that this would be all over in ten minutes, also, he and his wife certainly didn’t want any more children. And another reminder that his wife never let him forget was that these ten minutes was nothing compared to squeezing a head out of her vagina and being ripped open, and with three children she had had thirty hours of labour to endure. This was the least Brian could do. As his wife said: “I’m quite happy to take a couple of injections, rather than squeezing a human body out of my hole. I’ve done my bit, now you do yours.” 
The assistant asked Brian to take his trousers and underwear down to his ankles, and after he did this and lay back down, she then threw a large sky blue paper sheet over him that started from his neck down to his knees, with a square piece cut out that was obviously for the scrotum area, the area that was going to be worked on. 
“Don’t worry, Mr Mason,” the surgeon spoke. “It’s a simple operation, in fact, I’m pretty sure I could do this with my eyes closed.” 
Both the surgeon and the assistant began to cackle. Not catching onto her humour, Brian spoke sullenly, “I’d rather you didn’t.” 
Apart from the area where his genitals were exposed, Brian lay there with the sheet on him. Staring at the light on the ceiling, he felt he needed to focus on something to try and take some of the tension away, even though nothing was happening yet.
“Don’t worry,” the assistant reassured him. “We sometimes crack jokes to put the patient at ease. You just let us know if you’re not in the mood. So did you get here okay, Brian?” The assistant’s question threw Brian. He was too busy wondering what the surgeon was doing and wasn’t really in the mood for small talk. But he knew what tactic the assistant was trying to pull. She was trying to unsuccessfully distract him.
Brian stammered, “Erm … I got here by bus. My wife is picking me up outside.”
“And how many children do you have, Brian?” She smiled standing over him, although the smile looked pretty false. 
“I have three children, and … HOLY FUCKING CHRIST!” he yelled. 
“Don’t worry about that, Brian,” the surgeon spoke from behind the assistant. “That’s just me injecting your scrotum.” 
“So you have three children?” The assistant stood over him with the false transfixed smile. 
YOU FUCKING KNEW THAT WAS COMING! he screamed in his head at the assistant. 
Brian tried to answer, “Y-y-yes, I have three children … AHHH … FUCK ME!” 
“It’s okay, Brian, keep looking at me.” The assistant tried to reassure him. “So what’s the rest of your plans for the day?” 
Brian glared. Well, firstly, once I get off this bed, I’m gonna kick you right in the snatch! 
Brian ignored the woman and put the palms of his hands on his forehead. He was beginning to perspire, and the dull pain in his stomach was increasing as the surgeon continued to mess about with his nether regions. 
He felt a small tug and his stomach felt numb as if he had been punched. He had seen diagrams of the operation on the internet and knew he was at the stage where a small cut had been made in his scrotum, and working through this incision, the doctor needed to find the slim spaghetti-like tube that carried the sperm upward from the testicles. The tube is called the vas, and Brian Mason felt that—although he couldn’t see a thing—the pain in his stomach was because the tubes had been pulled out of his testicles, and were now being cut and sealed off at the ends and were being pushed back in the small hole that was made by the scalpel. 
Three more uncomfortable minutes had passed, and the dull pain in his stomach slowly decreased as the surgeon began her stitching. The assistant continued to lean over Brian Mason. She was very good looking, but fantasising about her in sexual scenarios couldn’t have been further from his mind, and an erection during the operation would only have made the situation even more unbearable, and embarrassing. 
The assistant continued to talk as the doctor carried on with the operation. “Whereabouts do you live?” 
“Angel Drive, the new place,” he replied with a quiver in his voice, almost in tears.
“So how old are your children, Brian?” 
Oh, I wish you would just fuck off! “Erm…” Brian shook his head and tried to ignore the assistant and envisaged the worst-case scenario, hoping that it would make the real ordeal more bearable. 
He closed his eyes. 
The surgeon walked over from the end of the bed and peered over Brian, and grinned a devilish grin. She reached into her pocket and pulled out a fresh scalpel and ran the cold metal against his face gently. 
“You think that’s painful?” she asked. “Try pain for eight hours, being drugged to compress the pain, then you wanna try squeezing a head out of your pussy, losing pints of blood, getting a blood transfusion and looking and feeling like shit for weeks after. How does that sound? Well?” 
Brian perspired profusely and shook his head and screwed his face with confusion.
“Wh-wh-what?” 
“You men! Don’t know you’re born!” the surgeon snapped. 
“They’re all the same,” the assistant quipped, and shook her head. “Don’t know what pain is.” 
The surgeon smiled, and looked over to the assistant on the other side of the bed. “We should show him.” The surgeon’s right hand, that was holding the tool, disappeared and Brian felt a painful tug down below. He let out a pathetic, childish yelp and felt the room spin a few times as if he had just got into his bed after an alcohol-fuelled night. 
He tried to get up by using his elbows and somehow managed it. He then saw the bloodied mess that was occurring. 
The two women moved and stood at the end of the bed where his feet were, and raised a smile as his brain began to register that the surgeon had cut open his scrotum from the bottom of the sack. The blood pissed out from inbetween his legs and the shock, more than the pain, forced Brian Mason to release a short, sharp scream. No words came out, just a scream, and he saw the sheets on the hard bed soak up what was coming out of him. 
The assistant went over to him and took a hold of his soft penis and was handed the bloodied scalpel by the surgeon. She looked at his organ and said, “I’ve seen bread harder than that.” 
The surgeon joked, “I bet it looks like a toothpick when he’s excited.” 
The assistant turned to the surgeon and said, “What do you call a woman without an arsehole?” 
“Divorced,” the surgeon replied. “That’s an easy one. What about one for Brian?”
“Okay.” The assistant began to think and leaned over to a terrified Brian. “Why do women fake their orgasms, Brian?” 
Brian was close to passing out with the blood loss, but still tried to fight back with a clever answer of his own. “Because they think we give a shit.” 
“No,” the assistant said, looking none too impressed with Brian’s answer. “It’s because men fake the foreplay.” 
The female surgeon cackled and said to her assistant, “Did you know that women reach their sexual peak at thirty five, but men reach theirs after four minutes.”
“They’re hopeless, aren’t they?” The assistant placed the steel at the base of his shrivelled organ and smiled. “Now let’s cut this thing off while we’re here.” 

*

“Mr Mason!” 
“What is it?” Brian gasped, opened his eyes and raised his head a few inches off the bed. He had been dreaming.
“I think you passed out, you silly sausage.” The assistant giggled uncontrollably.
“Right,” the surgeon said, and stood to her feet with fresh blood clearly on her gloves. “That’s that done.” 
Brian smiled with relief written all over his face, and the back of his head, which was saturated in sweat, rested back on the bed once again. 
He whispered to the assistant in a broken timid voice, “That was quick. Thank goodness for that.” 
He exhaled slowly, trying to lower his heart rate. The thought that had crossed his mind was that he had a family history of heart attacks, and the last thing his dignity needed was to have an attack right there and dying with his scrotum mutilated and having to be buried with purple swollen balls. His smile disappeared when he looked to his side and saw the surgeon reach for another needle. “Wh-wh-what you doin’?” he stammered. 
“Nearly done, Brian,” the surgeon spoke with a smile, holding the needle scarily in her right hand. “I’ve still yet to do the other side, and then we’re all done. 
“You’ve only done the one side?” 
She smiled warmly, but behind that smile Brian felt he could see satisfaction in her face. Was she a man hater? 
“Yes, I’ve only done the one side.” The surgeon finally answered Brian, needle in her hand. “Don’t worry, Brian. It’s just a little prick.” 
The assistant giggled and looked at the surgeon. “I hope you’re talking about the needle?” 
Brian put his clammy hands on his head, and shook it, unimpressed. “That’s not funny.”
THE END
If you enjoyed reading Shorts, feel free to mail me your thoughts on facebook or Twitter, or leave a review where you've downloaded the book.


Very kind regards,

Shaun Whittington


