Skeletons in the Rain
Christian Nava


This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events, and incidents are either the products of the author's imagination or used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.
 
Text copyright © 2019 by Christian Nava
All rights reserved.

No part of this book may be reproduced, or stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without written permission of the publisher.

Cover Design by Humble Nations

For my grandparents.
Contents
Contents	4
PROLOGUE	8
PART ONE	9
CHAPTER 1	10
CHAPTER 2	11
CHAPTER 3	14
CHAPTER 4	17
FROM THE PRIEST’S JOURNAL	19
CHAPTER 5	20
CHAPTER 6	23
CHAPTER 7	28
CHAPTER 8	30
CHAPTER 9	35
CHAPTER 10	37
CHAPTER 11	40
CHAPTER 12	43
CHAPTER 13	44
CHAPTER 14	49
FROM THE MIME KING’S MANIFESTO	52
CHAPTER 15	53
A MESSAGE SENT TO A DEAD CELLPHONE	55
PART TWO	56
CHAPTER 16	57
CHAPTER 17	59
FROM THE MIME KING’S MANIFESTO	62
CHAPTER 18	63
FROM THE PRIEST’S JOURNAL	67
CHAPTER 19	68
CHAPTER 20	71
FROM THE MIME KING’S MANIFESTO	77
CHAPTER 21	78
A MESSAGE FROM A HIDDEN CELL PHONE	81
CHAPTER 22	82
CHAPTER 23	88
CHAPTER 24	91
FROM THE PRIEST’S JOURNAL	95
CHAPTER 25	96
CHAPTER 26	102
CHAPTER 27	104
CHAPTER 28	110
CHAPTER 29	114
CHAPTER 30	118
PART THREE	122
CHAPTER 31	123
CHAPTER 32	126
CHAPTER 33	133
CHAPTER 34	138
CHAPTER 35	143
FROM THE MIME KING’S MANIFESTO	147
CHAPTER 36	148
CHAPTER 37	152
CHAPTER 38	158
PART FOUR	162
CHAPTER 39	163
CHAPTER 40	167
CHAPTER 41	172
FROM THE PRIEST’S JOURNAL	174
CHAPTER 42	175
CHAPTER 43	180
CHAPTER 44	182
FROM THE MIME KING’S MANIFESTO	184
CHAPTER 45	185
CHAPTER 46	187
CHAPTER 47	190
CHAPTER 48	193
A SUICIDE NOTE	195
EPILOGUE	196
ACKNOWLEDGMENTS	197
THANK YOU!	198


PROLOGUE
NOW
The priest is afraid to pass out from the pain.
I’m going to die down here, he thinks, feeling his grip on the gun slip slightly from his bloody fingers. No, I can’t die. Not again.
Then, everything blurs. Black spots appear in front of his eyes, blacker than the night itself, forcing him to stop. He can’t hear anything over the storm raging above, and the priest glances over his shoulder to make sure the chief of police is still chasing him through the maze of dim, underground corridors. Come on! Where are you, compadre? A deafening clap of thunder shakes the wall where he’s leaning, as if to remind him to keep running. If he doesn’t hurry, the person responsible for the death of dozens of people in San Isidro will get away—the one responsible for his own personal hell over the last few months will slip through his grasp. And all will be for naught.
“There’s no lawgiver,” the priest mutters, teeth gritted as he ignores the pulsing stigmata-like wound in his hand. “No judge. No God.”
And even if there is a God, He doesn’t care about anything but himself. An arrogant bastard much like—There you are! The priest sees the masked figure before him, and in spite of himself, he freezes for an instant, wondering one last time how it came to this. How is it possible that mere weeks ago he was officiating mass at the smallest church in town, and now he was ready to kill a person? He knows the answer to that, and the irony does not escape him. After all, this all started when he failed to answer a simple question that two Skulls asked him the night of the fire: Who?

PART ONE
CHAPTER 1
47 YEARS AGO
Ismael stared out the window as the sun died on the horizon. In his little hand, he held the last piece of the puzzle he’d been assembling with his mother. The boy was waiting for her to wake up, still hoping they would complete it together.
“Are you alone?” her voice was like sandpaper rubbing against a stone.
He turned to his mom. After being bedridden for weeks in this hospital room, she looked pale and withered. There were dark circles around her eyes.
“Everyone’s gone now,” he said.
A weak smile crossed her parched lips.
“But you’re not everyone, right?”
“No.” The boy smiled back, though he did not feel like it.
“How did you do on your exam?”
“Nineteen points.” Ismael dropped his gaze, embarrassed. He squeezed the puzzle piece of the monarch butterfly in his hand.
“Why not twenty?” She gestured him to come closer. “I’m sure it’s your teacher’s fault. She’s jealous of how smart you are.” A brief coughing fit interrupted her. “You are my special angel. Never settle for less than you deserve.”
“Mother, I’ve saved the last piece for you.”
“Ismael?” She reached for her son but missed him. And Ismael knew she couldn’t see anymore. “Promise me you will be great.”
“Mom?”
“Promise me, Ismael. Promise me!”
“Mama, are you okay?”
CHAPTER 2
OVER A MONTH AGO: GOLGOTHA
Jesus Christ’s face was as white as a ghost. His features were distorted: two hollow aces of diamonds instead of eyes. A carved, black smile twisting his elongated lips.
That image of the Savior of Mankind transformed into a crucified mime haunted Father Ismael’s every waking moment.
Someone in the front row cleared his throat, urging him to compose himself. Mass was not over. What was I saying? The priest raised his sweaty hands and dropped his head, struggling to concentrate. Even with his eyes closed, there was no escaping them. Like a flash of lightning, he saw in his mind the desecrated figure of the Virgin Mary in tattered rags. Her face—a smiling skull.
Ismael hoped the microphone would not pick up the sound of his heart pounding as he fluttered the pages of the Bible. Unsure of what his sermon had been about, he closed the venerable book with a thud. “He makes his sun rise on the evil and on the good…” The nervous glances and murmurs multiplied among the few parishioners sitting in the old wooden pews. “And sends rain on the just and on the unjust.”
The stench of myrrh made him dizzy and the bright light, cast by the lamps hanging from the vaulted ceiling above, hurt his eyes. If he wanted to maintain a facade of normality, the service needed to end now.
“And may the blessing of Almighty God, the Father, and the Son and the Holy Spirit descend upon you and remain with you forever.”
“Amen,” the congregation half-heartedly answered.
The priest’s tongue was arid.
“Go in peace.”
The words had just left his mouth when half of the people there rushed out of the church. Although this would often upset him, tonight Ismael prayed that everyone would follow their example and return as fast as possible to their mundane, little lives.
God, however, didn’t seem to be listening to him. A few people were staying behind.
Besides the crucified mimes appearing, as if by magic, every day before dawn throughout the church (something that was becoming increasingly difficult to keep a secret), the last couple of days he’d also been struggling with a nagging, burning sensation in his chest that refused to go away, much like Doña Josefa and the rest of the elderly women surrounding him now.
Isn’t it enough to invoke the sign of the cross in front of them all? Why must they always ask for a ‘personalized’ blessing?
Ismael gave a friendly pat to Pedro, his altar boy, and nudged his head toward the sacristy, hoping the kid would understand what this meant. He needed him to put everything in order while he herded the old ladies outside.
The priest knew if he avoided any conversation about the political corruption that had bled Venezuela dry, and limited himself to polite nods, he could get rid of them fast. And his plan would have worked, if Pedro hadn’t screamed from the sacristy door a moment later.
“Father, come quick!”
Doña Josefa stopped dead in the middle of the central nave and anchored her cane to the floor. The petite lady, toothless and sunburned, cast a curious glance toward the back of the church.
“Is everything alright, Father?”
Ismael raised an eyebrow. What now? Perhaps the bastards who had been vandalizing the church had replaced the white dove painted by the lectern with a dick with wings or graffitied an asshole over the Sacred Heart.
“Don’t worry, ladies,” Ismael replied. “Whatever it is, I’ll take care of it.”
“Father, please,” insisted the altar boy.
“We’re coming, Pedrito.” Doña Josefa gestured to the others to follow her. With a stubborn stride, she picked up the pace until the priest grabbed her by the arm, drawing her to a halt.
“No need to do that.”
“Father?” Doña Josefa frowned when he didn’t release his grip on her. 
“I said I would take care of it.”
“But we want to help you.”
“Me? You can’t even help yourself!”
Ismael felt a sharp pang of regret as the dismay written on Doña Josefa’s face changed to indignation. She stared up at him, wide-eyed, then turned on her heels and marched for the exit. Making sure everyone noticed her angry stride, the octogenarian and her entourage muttered under their breaths that they felt too insulted to stay there for another second.
“I’m so very sorry,” the priest said, without conviction.
Before rushing out the main doors, Doña Josefa turned to Ismael one last time and pointed her cane at him. 
“Proverbs 11:2, Father. Remember?”
He knew all too well what she meant by that: the sin of pride. It was not the first time he’d been the target of the town’s criticisms, and it wouldn’t be the last either. Like it matters what they think, he reminded himself. Besides, I have more important things to worry about than her.
Without giving it much thought, he locked the padlock on the door and put the key in the pocket of his priestly robes. Little did he know this decision would cost him his life a few minutes later.
CHAPTER 3
13 YEARS AGO
Even in normal circumstances, Marcelo didn’t like to speak to anyone, let alone a stranger. It made him nervous, and nervousness tied his tongue in a knot that would astound the most accomplished sailor.
But she was crying.
It was the first day of school, the recess bell had rung not ten minutes ago, and this poor girl was weeping. Something terrible must have happened to her.
Why is she so sad? he wondered. She’s all alone and hiding.
Marcelo looked at the thick row of trees that separated the school buses from the small soccer field, and after drawing a deep breath, he summoned all his courage to walk towards her. No one was around. It was up to him to help her.
However, he hadn’t taken two steps forward when the sobbing stopped altogether. He had seen nothing like it before, not even on TV. It was as if she had turned a faucet off. Is she okay? Rooted to the spot, he hesitated. Should I get a teacher?
“Take a picture. It will last longer,” the girl said, looking over her shoulder at him. There was an air of strength about her that didn’t match her small frame.
Marcelo’s heart went cold in his chest, freezing any words he could muster.
“Do you enjoy watching girls cry?”
“N-no. I heard you and—” When Marcelo noticed the motionless cat lying by her feet, his belly sank. Their teacher had just told him and his classmates about Benny the Ball, a friendly stray that had been roaming around the school grounds for so many years that it had become the unofficial mascot of every classroom. He’d always purr and rub against your legs if you had any food, but now he wasn’t moving, and his neck looked funny. “Oh, no! Is he hurt?”
“Dead,” the girl replied.
The day was sunny, but Marcelo shuddered. The giggling of some girls running nearby, perhaps playing hide-and-seek, felt wrong. Out of place.
“H-how?”
“Are you a stutterer or something?” the girl asked, studying him with her big brown eyes.
“I’m s-sorry,” Marcelo turned around, ready to run away. This had to be the worst first day of school in history.
“Don’t go,” she said. “Wait!”
“W-why?”
“I’m not insulting you. I was curious.”
Once their eyes met, he realized she wasn’t lying.
“Okay,” he came closer to her, not sure why. “Were you crying because of Benny?”
She looked at the dead cat, unfazed.
“In a way.”
“I wish I had a time machine to s-save him,” said Marcelo.
“Can’t change the past.”
“Poor Benny. This is so sad.”
“Yes. There’s always so much sadness.”
After a moment of silence, he asked her if she’d seen what happened. He wondered if it had been an accident.
“It’s my fault.” She teared up again. “Will you tell on me?”
“M-me? No! S-snitches get stitches.” He wasn’t convincing her, and this was killing him. “I s-swear. Cross my heart and hope to die.”
“Why won’t you tell on me?”
“Recess is almost over. We should go.”
“Mrs. Arruza can’t teach me anything I don’t already know. Don’t avoid the question. Why won’t you tell on me?”
Marcelo thought about it for a moment. The bell rang as he shook his head, not knowing what to say. Soon, the kids from the soccer field scattered. Some packed up their breakfast, and all the rest who were playing and chatting with their friends rushed back to their classrooms.
“I’m not special,” she said.
“I know.”
Surprise raised her brows. “You do?”
“Papa takes me to church every week. Last Sunday, Father Rodriguez said we are all made in God’s image. I didn’t understand him, so I made my papa ask him what he meant after mass. He explained that it means everyone’s the same.”
“Which means no one is special.” Her half-smile brought a full grin to Marcelo’s lips. “Shouldn’t you be heading back to class?”
“Only if you come with me.” The murmurs in the classrooms grew softer as the wind blew, rustling the tree leaves above them. Right then, they might as well have been the only two kids in the entire world. “What’s your name?”

CHAPTER 4
OVER A MONTH AGO: GOLGOTHA
The altar boy ran toward the priest.
Ismael couldn’t tell if the kid was out of breath due to exertion or fear, but Pedro had seen something bad enough to drain the color from his face. Poor child! This is torture, he said to himself. While opinionated for a ten-year-old, Pedrito was discreet and, especially over the past few weeks, he’d shown it took a lot to scare him. This is getting out of control. He shouldn’t be here anymore. With each passing minute, the secret they’d kept for weeks was becoming an impossible burden to bear. But I can’t afford people finding out about this. Ismael drew in his breath. Whatever new atrocities await me there, I have to take care of them on my own. 
The priest put his hands on Pedro’s shoulders and lowered his voice, trying to calm him. “Listen—”
All at once, the lights died out and with them any chance of reassuring the kid. 
“F-fa-father…”
He grimaced. The fear made his altar boy stutter. Just like Marcelo. Ismael shook his head, refusing to let bitter memories cloud his mind.
“Stay here, boy.”
It took the priest’s eyes a moment to adjust to the dimness. The echo of his footsteps was the only sound in the church until the door in the eastern wall of the transept creaked open. As he drew closer, the first thing he noticed was the pungent odor of gasoline coming from the sacristy.
“Father,” said an electric, inhuman voice as Ismael walked in the room. “You have sinned.”
He could not believe his eyes. Two people were waiting for him inside. Both wore identical black clothes and skull masks in slightly different hues. From their physiques and their posture, he assumed one was a man and the other was a woman. The priest would later refer to them as Dark Skull and Light Skull.
While Dark Skull recorded everything with his phone, Light Skull held a tablet in front of her, making sure that Ismael watched the video playing on the screen: a person, shrouded in shadows, his identity hidden behind a mask. The mask of a mime.
“My God,” Ismael murmured.
The Mime wagged his index finger at the priest as if he were a naughty child, and then typed something on his keyboard. Text-to-speech software turned his words into sound once more.
“God? There’s no God.”

FROM THE PRIEST’S JOURNAL
It’s their fault. 
The little, insignificant people in my life stole my sense of purpose and destroyed my hope. 
When I began my studies at the seminary, I knew I could do it because I deserved it. And I am still sure I can. I can be great. Back then, I was a bird taking flight, soaring in the deep blue of a sky filled with promises, and I could hear God’s voice in the wind. 
But they shot me down.
And now I pray for God to heal me. This has to change. I am sure my destiny is to touch thousands upon thousands of souls, to make their lives better.
God has a plan for me, and His timing is perfect. I must not doubt Him. I must not judge Him.
Have faith, Ismael. If you believe, something will change.
CHAPTER 5
OVER A MONTH AGO: GOLGOTHA
They are not just recording this. A wave of anxiety hit Ismael as he realized that he was also on a video call with the sadistic leader of one of Venezuela’s most feared gangs. The Mime King is watching me, studying my every move.
Without turning his attention away from the masked man and woman, he shouted to his altar boy, who was still outside in the nave.
“Pedrito, leave and lock the door behind you!”
“But—”
“Do as I say! And not a word to anyone.” Ismael’s eyes were fixed on the unnerving white mask on the screen. “I’ll deal with them.”
Pedro did not hesitate and left as fast as his legs would carry him.
The mime clapped mockingly before returning to his keyboard. “What’s the verdict, Skulls?” He asked in that disembodied, monotonous voice. “Is this altruism?”
Light Skull shook her head, “Never!”
“Hypocrisy,” replied Dark Skull.
“Do you have any idea who you are messing with?” Ismael said. Now that he knew who had been harassing him, he couldn’t keep his hands from shaking. The Skulls had been the subject of every major headline in the local press for months, graduating from robbery to murder in record time. Aware that any mistake could be fatal, he still thought bluffing was his best option. “I’m friends with the chief of police and he will—”
Light Skull shushed him.
“Listen to the king!” Dark Skull pointed to the tablet. “His word is the law, little priest.”
Ismael suspected if they wanted him dead, he would already be six feet under—but the fear was taking hold of him all the same. Do something. He sharpened his senses, trying to recognize anything that might help him identify who his attackers were.
Ismael approached them, reading their body language. He ran his fingers over the surface of the small table where he’d put jigsaw puzzles together during so many sleepless nights. He knew it was silly, but it comforted him that they hadn’t touched his model of the Sistine Chapel.
In fact, the more he looked around, it seemed clear that except for the Skulls and their jerrycan of gasoline, everything else in the sacristy was the same as always: modest and suffocating. No. This wasn’t true. The wooden trunk and the old cupboard (next to the door leading to the alley behind the church) were dripping with fuel.
A single spark will turn this place into hell.
Until tonight, it had been enough to throw away and destroy the defiled religious images they left for him, but a fire would be impossible to keep a secret.
The synthetic voice came from the tablet. “Ah! I can see it in your eyes. You understand, right? The time for secrecy is over.” The Mime King moved closer to the camera, nearly covering the entire screen with his expressionless mask. “Why hide our gifts?”
“Why?” asked both Skulls, like an echo.
“Here’s why.” The king paused. “‘I, Ismael Niebuhr, request my… Excardination?’ Does that mean you want to leave San Isidro, Father?”
The shock stunned him. Did they hack my email account, too? Not a single soul knew he’d been pursuing his excardination for years, except for the bishop of his diocese, Héctor López, who had ignored his pleas on every occasion.
In his desperation, the priest had been collecting favors these last few months, trying to get Cardinal Díaz to tip the scales in his favor before he tried again, but not even his superiors knew what Ismael wanted to do yet. And now his worst nightmare was becoming a reality: everyone would find out about the systematic vandalization of his church. 
Time was up.
If word ever got out that I’ve kept their harassment a secret, no other priest will dare to take my place here.
Ismael wondered every day why he’d ended up here, doing the same thing from dawn till dusk while his dreams withered in a town famous for the skeletons of its unfinished buildings. A place ignored by progress. A hellhole where endogamy was everywhere until a mere few decades ago.
I’m destined for more, he thought. I deserve more.
He refused to stay in San Isidro, sacrificed by the bishop like a pawn, to atone for sins that were not his own.
“What do you want?” Ismael asked them.
Light Skull imitated the sound of an electric buzzer.
“Wrong!” The Mime King’s inhuman voice raised gooseflesh on the priest’s arms. “The question is who.”
“I’m not playing this game.”
Both Skulls moved in sync, as if they were reflections of each other, until they were flanking him. With a loud click, Dark Skull flicked a Zippo open, producing an uneven yellow flame.
“Sins can burn you from the inside.” The Mime King paused for a second. “Remember, Father?”
“Okay.” Ismael stepped back with hands raised in surrender. “Who?”
“Woe to the rebellious children who execute plans, but not Mine,” said the king. “You must answer the question, not ask it.”
Dark Skull dropped the Zippo and the flames exploded, making Ismael fall to the floor, shielding his face with his arms.
CHAPTER 6
10 YEARS AGO
It was hot.
Maybe the hottest afternoon of the year so far.
“A swing and a miss! Wait! Somebody missed the sign,” said the sports commentator on the small TV. “For whatever reason Medina is going to third base and… he’s out!”
“Oh, for Pete’s sake!” Abraham shouted, putting his empty beer bottle on the ground.
“Language,” reproached Ismael.
“Sorry, compadre, but I mean… Come on! Did you see that? The guy is missing at least two chromosomes!” His voice raised even louder. As usual, Abe was using sports as an escape valve. “Want another cold one?” He asked while popping his fourth beer with his Navegante del Magallanes keychain bottle opener.
“Cold one?” the priest stared at his own Polar. It was almost full and very foamy.
“I know,” Abe admitted, aware of the irony that their ‘cold ones’ had been lukewarm since before the first inning. “Hey! It’s not the taste, but the numbness waiting for you at the bottom of the bottle, right? Anything to ease the pain.”
“Why get all rattled up about Medina? There’s no way he would have stolen third and gotten away with it.”
“Why?” Abraham wondered. 
“Because stealing is a sin.”
“That’s a bad joke, even by your standards.”
“So you say.”
“Yeah. And in my house, my word is the law.” 
Abe clanked his bottle against Ismael’s as if to toast. They were both sitting on comfortable plastic chairs in the half-built room by the hawthorn tree in his patio.
“What are you going to use this room for once it’s done?” Ismael asked him.
“Keep all my stuff.”
“Right, because you are a hoarder.”
“Rather be a hoard-er than just a plain whore.” Abe laughed.
“Language,” Ismael said, failing to keep a straight face.
Once his laughter died down, Abraham looked up. “Actually, once I finish the home office here, I’ll be able to spend more time with my two ladies.”
As sweltering hot Sunday afternoons went, this was one for the ages. Neither the shade nor the drinks did much to ease the heat, and yet Abraham wouldn’t want to be anywhere else in the world. The deep cobalt blue sky above them was gorgeous, and that peaceful quietude unique to San Isidro—sprinkled with Ofelia’s voice as she played cops and robbers with Marcelo inside the house—was all he needed to recharge his batteries before Monday morning came all too soon, accompanied as always by a deluge of stress.
Not that he wasn’t stressed out now. Just like every year, once the Round Robin started, stress took hold of him and wouldn’t let go; something that had everything to do with the turncoats among his men. He was not fond of Medina. The guy had played for a different team not two weeks ago! Abe detested the concept of reinforcements in the LVBP.
Why would they bring ‘more talented’ players from other teams to replace the ones that got you to the finals? he thought bitterly, convinced it sent the wrong message. Whatever happened to loyalty It’s irrelevant if your team doesn’t make it. As long as they deem you special, you can still win a championship if you jump ship. That’s bullshit. Besides, they are abandoning their players.
“‘For many are called, but few are chosen.’”
Abe snapped out of his reverie.
“Said somethin’, compadre?”
“Thinking about why you hate Medina.”
“I don’t hate hate the guy…” He took another gulp of beer. “It’s not like I want to kill him or anything.”
“Shoot him in the knee?”
“Nah. The foot, maybe. Nothing too serious, though.”
Ismael’s eyebrows shot up as a cynical smile appeared on his lips.
“When you get to hell, send me a postcard.”
“Ofelia, baby!” Abe said, reacting to the ruckus inside the house. “Please be careful.” 
“I already told them to keep it down,” shouted his wife from the kitchen.
After a breath, Abe frowned at the priest. “So according to you, there’s a frying pan in hell with my name on it?”
“Demons are getting the olive oil ready.”
“Olive oil? Fancy.” Abraham watched the next batter hit the ball to deep center field. For an instant, it seemed like the player would make it to second base. He didn’t. “Oh, for Pete’s sake! Language, I know. Don’t give me that look.” A sigh. “Okay, so humor me. What bought me a ticket to hell? My cursing?”
“Besides wanting to maim a professional baseball player?”
“Nothing a visit to the confessional and a couple of Hail Marys won’t fix.”
Ismael shook his head in mock disbelief. “Right.” 
“So, what’s my sin?”
“It’s your car fetish, compa.”
“Not a fetish,” Abe said. “If it were, every Vin Diesel fan would be a pervert and every garage shop a sex dungeon.” Despite the sports commentator going on and on about how nothing quenched his thirst quite like a Pepsi, the silence of expectation between the two friends was almost palpable. “Well? I’m waiting for an answer. What’s my sin?”
“Alright, let me put it this way.” Ismael folded his arms. “Baseball has a lot in common with our faith.”
“Blasphemous!” Abe said jokingly. “But continue.”
“One of the main draws of Catholicism is the hope that angels will come and gather the chosen ones when the end is near, and this baseball season is almost over.”
“Right.” Abraham grabbed Ismael’s beer from his hand. “No more booze for you.”
The priest laughed. “Think about it. Medina is an All-Star. He’s been chosen to ‘ascend’ to a team that can win.”
“So, the Round Robin is like the Rapture?”
“Minus the Second Coming.”
“And Medina is one of the Elect?”
“Attaboy.”
“Let me guess, I’m doomed because I don’t jibe with the Rapture policies.” 
Ismael clicked his tongue and winked at Abraham. 
“Well, now you just rained on my parade.”
“Then find an umbrella, Abe, because your mood will only get worse.”
“Huh? Why?”
“Rodriguez is up to bat next.”
“So?”
“Your team needs someone who can run, and I’ve seen nightstand tables with longer legs than this guy.”
Abraham burst into laughter. “Now that is funny.” He used his Magallanes shirt to wipe his tears. “I swear, Ismael, you’ll be the death of me.”
The phone rang.
✽✽✽
Abe woke up, startled.
And the phone rang again.
For a moment, in a state of semi-consciousness, he had every intention of getting up from his comfortable plastic chair to pick up the receiver. But that was impossible. It was the middle of the night, and he was not at home.
Where am I?
The smartphone kept ringing and vibrating on his car’s dashboard. He hated those damn things. Despite having accepted their usefulness in the past few months, and finding out he might have an untapped knack for technology, he still loathed smartphones.
“Marta?” Abe hesitated after reading his wife’s name on the screen.
If the stiffness in his neck didn’t kill him, the stabbing pain in his lower back would. As much as he loved his Malibu, its seats made for terrible beds. Why was he here? Sleeping in his car at the police station parking lot? He was just having a drink with his friend, watching a baseball game.
No. That was years ago. This is now.
Abe noticed the time, and something dreadful stirred in his stomach. A phone call this late at night could only mean one thing—bad news.
“Honey, what happened?” he asked. “Is it Ofelia?”
“No, she… I haven’t heard from her yet.” His wife’s voice was thick with tears. “Where are you? Are you alone?”
“I’m at the station.”
“You need to come home right now.”
Abraham’s heart skipped a beat. If this call had nothing to do with his daughter, perhaps… No. It was not possible. You need to stop doing this to yourself. The shit won’t hit the fan, he told himself. Not tonight, not ever. 
After all, no one else knew about the secret he’d kept for so long.
CHAPTER 7
OVER A MONTH AGO: GOLGOTHA
“You can’t fool everyone all the time, little priest,” Dark Skull teased him with his phone. “Either keep all hell from breaking loose or try to snatch this recording from us. Otherwise, you’ll become an overnight internet celebrity.”
The priest tugged at the tablecloth near him, knocking his miniature Sistine Chapel and his journal to the ground. Coughing, he beat the flames with quick but precise strokes while the Skulls fled through the back door. This is not gasoline. They had sloshed only enough fuel to deceive him with the smell. The fire was not engulfing the wooden furniture because they had poured water all over them. They are toying with me.
By the time the threat of a blaze became nothing more than mere smoke, they were already out of reach.
Maybe not, he realized. The alley goes around the church. If I hurry through the front door, I can intercept them.
Ismael didn’t look like how most people would picture a village priest. He was six feet tall and broad-shouldered; a few laps a day in the municipal swimming pool kept his back muscles strong. If not for his horn-rimmed glasses and gray hair, no one would have thought he was in his mid-fifties.
Yes. These past few months, he’d drowned his nights in coffee while putting together puzzles of distant places he dreamed of visiting. Yes. He had spent countless nights with Borges, Tolstoy, and Shakespeare because only the classics had something interesting to say in this godforsaken town. And, yes, Ismael was also aware he recently hadn’t been able to swim more than a few feet without having to stop altogether, but none of that mattered to him.
I will catch them.
There was no doubt in his mind. His body had different plans, however.
A tingling sensation electrified him from the tips of his fingers to his shoulder as he darted down the center aisle to the exit.
Ismael took off his surplice, clutched his left arm, and stared at it. This can’t be happening. He fought against his own muscles until he reached one of the main doors, only to find it padlocked. A distant cloud of smoke grew thicker. How? I put out the fire. Despite the central nave spinning on its axis, he fumbled for the keys in his pockets with determination. Found them! Now I… 
It felt as if a knife had pierced his chest.
After he collapsed, pain squashing the breath from his rib cage, he saw a moth fly toward the sacristy, drawn by the growing flames. 
And then there was darkness.
San Isidro’s priest, Ismael Niebuhr, died at fifty-four years old, alone in his church, after officiating the Sunday afternoon mass.
But he would not stay dead for long.
CHAPTER 8
6 YEARS AGO
“Lost years of my life in a heartbeat, I tell ya. Right there, behind that big tomb, I heard a groan. And it’s two o’clock in the morning, so I’m like, ‘Calm down, it’s just your imagination.’ Nuh-uh! No, sir. I wasn’t imagining nothing.” The gravedigger turned his head and spat the last of his tobacco to the ground. “A shadowy figure moved in the dark, creeping on the ground and slowly getting on its feet. It’s a man! He didn’t walk but wobbled the same way a drunk person would do. Could not believe my eyes! The dusty suit, no shoes, the pale face… Almost turned my blue jeans brown, if you know what I mean. Then, he raised a stiff arm, and I thought this is how I die. It was like in a fucking horror movie. Can you guess what happened next?”
“No,” said the older man in the black shirt and pants. Without a flashlight in his hand, he was nothing more than a dark outline against the faint moonlight, and yet, not even the near absence of light could conceal his disinterest in the story.
“The zombie asked me where he was!” A distant rattling interrupted the gravedigger’s chuckle. Despite the late hour, someone was shaking the main gate of the graveyard, trying to open it. Shrugging it off, the gravedigger decided it was most likely another homeless person trying to get in, which was better than the other two options: drug addicts hoping to snatch sparkly valuables from the deceased, or Santeria worshippers looking for bones to steal.
“What’s that noise?” the man in black asked. “Won’t you do something about it?”
“Nah. The gates might be a hundred years old, but the chain and the heavy padlock are newish. It will hold. Anyway, with fear grabbing me by the balls, I couldn’t do anything but stare at the drunk zombie. Then, he said his wife would kill him and left the cemetery, got in a cab and—”
“Stop talking,” the man in black told him. “Don’t have time for this.”
“I thought you’d want to hear the stories.”
“Why? What does that have to do with this?”
“Well…” The gravedigger took a moment before speaking again as if to let the breeze whisper something ominous across the forest of crosses surrounding them. Then, he pointed his flashlight towards the ghastly scene in front of them: a desecrated grave, a broken coffin lid, a missing body. “It’s not the first time I’ve feared there’s undead activity here.”
“Don’t be stupid. The dead don’t come back to life.”
The gravedigger scratched his neck, and as he did all the different rings on his fingers clicked and clattered. “Isn’t your religion based on Jesus coming back from the dead and whatnot?”
“My religion? Thought you were a Catholic, too.”
“Not so sure anymore, Father. Since they declared this place a museum, the paychecks I get from the government pay the rent, but they lack zeros to the right.”
When the gravedigger accepted this job, he was ecstatic. He’d neither have to dig graves (although he still told everyone he was a gravedigger because, according to him, that job title was more glamorous than that of cemetery caretaker) nor would he have to deal with the gloomy relatives of the dead like his colleague from the day shift. His sole responsibility was keeping, from dusk till dawn, the sordid world of the living from entering this sacred ground, which most nights meant preventing the local hobos from sleeping in the mausoleums, or making sure the town junkies didn’t get too comfortable in the unfinished chapel that had been claimed by the tall, wild grass.
Easy money. Just not enough.
At first, as the gravedigger made the rounds, he had fun reading the memorial plaques, or finding joy in discovering the most unlikely neighbors: poets buried next to politicians, the rich lying next to the poor. After a while, on those nights when not even the crickets sang, he busied himself sketching the unusual architecture of the place in a small notebook. There was a haunting beauty in this labyrinth of narrow paths beset by headstones, crosses, and statues. Then, when that didn’t keep him busy anymore, he realized his line of work allowed for more lucrative pastimes, if he was willing to leave his Catholic guilt at home and get his hands dirty.
He loved it there, but his own personal gold mine was bound to run dry sooner rather than later. It was time to find a new job.
“What does money have to do with faith?” the man in black asked, stroking his walrus mustache. “Your problem is with the government, not the Church.”
“Sure?” The gravedigger shrugged. “Crisis or not, I don’t see many evangelical pastors struggling to make ends meet regardless of who’s president.”
“I don’t follow. You want to be a pastor?”
“Could be.” The gravedigger twisted the golden rings on his fingers in sequence. Some of them were too big for him, others too small and feminine. “Maybe I should start my own religion. There’s bound to be cash there. By the way, speaking of money…” Rubbing his index finger and his thumb together, the gravedigger leaned on his shovel.
The man in black produced a wad of cash. “No one else knows about this?”
“Not a soul.”
“Let’s keep it that way.”
After the cash exchanged hands, the gravedigger smiled. “Hold on. I said I’d fill in the grave again, but keeping secrets buried in San Isidro is not easy… or cheap. You know what they say, ‘small town, big hell.’”
The man in black clenched his jaw. “Do you have any idea who I am?”
“Yeah. And I know who the missing corpse was. There were some unsavory rumors about your relationship with him. That’s why I called you, that’s why we’re here.”
Despite finding himself on the receiving end of a glare capable of chilling blood, the gravedigger managed another smile.
“Don’t suppose you accept checks,” said the man in black.
“Credit cards neither.”
“Well, I have no more money on me.”
The gravedigger raised his eyebrows as he always did when a clever idea sprung to life in his mind. “Hey! Perhaps you should start your own religion, too.”
“I’ll consider it.”
“Now, since you lack the funds tonight, how about if you propose something else?” The gravedigger wiggled his fingers, and the multitude of rings on them, shining as his hand crossed the flashlight’s beam, conveyed his message loud and clear. “I’m a man of fancy taste, and I like your bling.”
The gravedigger had pawned enough jewelry by now to know quality when he saw it. A round amethyst, 14k gold, magnificent finish, he thought. Handmade in Europe for sure. Don’t care for the religious theme on it, but I bet that makes it even more expensive.
“My ring?” The man in black looked at the third finger of his right hand. “All that chewing tobacco has rotten your brain. The pope himself gave me this.”
“The Nazi?” He knitted his brows for the instant it took him to remember that grave robbers can’t be choosers. “I don’t mind.”
“This ring belongs to the Church!”
“Not anymore. Do we have a deal?”
“No.”
“Sorry?”
Unable to decide what to do next, the gravedigger held his breath as the man in black moved closer to him. The eerie shadows cast across his face by the flashlight grew larger.
“Do you know who I work for?”
His mind blanked, his tongue tied in a knot. “The pope?”
“Wrong. My boss…” The man in black smiled under his walrus mustache and pointed towards the sky. “He can be vengeful, unforgiving. Want me to call down the power of God on you?”
That question sent a chill down the gravedigger’s spine, and he became as pale as his dark skin allowed him. Although the man in black had not raised it, his voice still echoed throughout the graveyard, loud enough to scare away any ghost.
“N-no.”
“No, what?”
“I don’t want you to call down the power of God on me.”
“You better keep your mouth shut then,” the man in black said. “Oh, and I agree. You should find a new religion.”
CHAPTER 9
AROUND A MONTH AGO
A bright, snowy light hurt his eyes.
Is this heaven? It took him but a moment to realize it wasn’t. In heaven, there could be no pain and, even under the haze of painkillers, Ismael felt a crushing ache in his chest that threatened to split his torso open. Where am I? he wondered, trying to put his fragmented mind back together.
Little by little, a soft, monotonous beeping sound reached his ears. The artificial air coming through the tubes in his nose, as well as the plastic taste of another tube in his mouth, turned his stomach. He wanted to pull them out, but his arms would not move.
His gaze roamed around the claustrophobic room. It was hardly big enough for the bed he was in. It was a miracle there was any space left for the medical equipment to his right, and the small table with a half-empty jug of water next to him. The only things that broke the whiteness of the four walls were a wooden door, a tiny TV set, and a barred window.
A hospital.
“Ismael?”
“Mom?” It couldn’t be her. Cancer had snatched her away from him when he was seven. Disoriented, he glanced sideways at his best friend’s wife. Her grief-stricken face was swollen from crying. “Marta?”
“Abe, he’s awake!”
The door opened, and Abraham Pérez walked in with a nervous smile on his stern features. Gray with fatigue, he didn’t look like the unshakable policeman Ismael had befriended twenty-three years ago.
The couple came closer to him, but their words of encouragement failed to reach the priest. To him, it all seemed distant. He heard everything as if he were underwater. What happened? he asked himself. Something troubled him beyond the debilitating pain. Something terrible and unspeakable.
Ismael tried to cast away those thoughts as he sank into unconsciousness. Why not sleep for a few minutes? Give into the darkness. Ismael’s eyes flew open. I remember. He’d discovered the truth: there was nothing behind the veil of death but emptiness. As the frantic beeps from the machine next to him grew faster, he gripped the sheets tight, unable to breathe. A nurse ran into the room and pushed a little red button on the side of the bed rail.
Marta burst into tears and buried herself in her husband’s chest.
“What’s going on?” Abraham shouted.
The nurse asked the Pérezes to step outside while a doctor rushed in.
Ismael didn’t care about any of this. Nothing mattered except for the void that followed the Grim Reaper.
Blood will clot in my veins; my rotten skin will turn black, my swollen body will burst to spit out worms, he thought. Eternal darkness awaits me.
The beep of the heart monitor became a uniform high-pitched wail, and everything seemed to stop.
CHAPTER 10
9 MONTHS AGO
“The Whistler,” “The Weeping Woman,” “La Sayona”… Now you can add another name to the list of Venezuelan urban legends: “The Mime King.” This criminal, more akin to a Batman villain than one of the usual gang leaders that have plagued the country for almost three decades, is someone we need to fear but also study. This bogeyman from the digital era is a conundrum that is both a surprising and yet inevitable result of the perennial political and economic crisis we consider the new normal.
This masked criminal (it even feels silly to describe him like that) may be the first of many postmodern prans birthed by social media; a millennial crime lord who has recruited his followers online by capitalizing on Venezuela’s broken dreams and unfulfilled promises. Although his identity is a mystery and his methods seem as cruel and varied as the creepy stories surrounding him, the one thing we can’t understate is that the little facts we know of him are stranger than fiction.

The Mime King closed that tab and glanced at the headline of the next article.

POLICE ARRESTS 13 SKULLS TEENS IN RAIDS ACROSS STATES
Charged with first-degree murder, the teenage gang members still refuse to speak

Good. Pride filled the king’s chest. They won’t break.
The news site was the San Isidro Today, dated October 31, 2018. He clicked X on that tab and stared at the time in the lower right-hand corner of the screen for a few seconds. Not having felt this way in years, the Mime King’s mind was alive and brimming with possibilities. This was the beginning. They were at ground zero.
In a cold, dark room, surrounded by piles of custom external hard drives and a nest of cables, a single thought repeated in the king’s brain on a loop: I must publish my manifesto. However, curiosity and a hint of procrastination prevented the next step of the gang’s plan from unfolding. What did the other articles and blog posts say? What about the videos?

Charged with illegal possession of arms and drugs, a 24-year-old man, presumably a member of the Skulls gang, preferred to bite off his tongue rather than a statement after being arrested by local authorities.

This is getting exciting. With every news piece, we grow more powerful. Our stories will make us immortal.
A newscast logo popped up briefly at the beginning of the YouTube video His Majesty clicked on next, and a female voiceover started playing over an establishing shot of San Isidro’s police station: “The local authorities consider the Mime King and his gang, ‘The Skulls,’ to be the masterminds in a litany of kidnappings, as well as drug and gun trafficking.” Then, a young and pretty news correspondent appeared in front of the camera holding her microphone. “Police sources have told us that there is reliable evidence suggesting that the gang’s base of operations is in Zulia rather than in Yaracuy as some experts had speculated.”
The king paused the video and smiled underneath the mask.
So gullible.
After a click of the mouse, another tab opened; this next post proved as entertaining as expected.

NOTORIOUS GANG, THE SKULLS, FACED OFF AGAINST COLLECTIVES IN TURF WAR
By Carlos Sotomonte
According to various eye-witnesses, the Mime King, the ringleader of the infamous Skulls gang, who is wanted for multiple counts of murder, drug distribution, and other offences, led several masked men in a shootout against the motorcycle-riding “collectives” (AKA colectivos) that had scattered protesters with gunfire a week before during a peaceful march.
In what could be described as a new and bizarre twist on the Robin Hood formula, the Skulls are no longer happy with seeking control of all illegal activities in the area but have also started to protect the freedom of speech of the people in San Isidro. Or at least that is how the more hopeful witnesses of the deadly confrontation chose to see it. Others, more cynical, are sure this is nothing but a power play to assert their dominance on the streets.
Whatever the case may be, rumors suggest the president wants them out of the picture ASAP and has ordered the local authorities to deal with them by any means necessary.
When talking about the incident, police officers refused to mention the masked gang leader in an attempt to diminish his importance in these events. However, Mario Fuenmayor, a criminal psychologist, had this to say about the Mime King: “This man recognizes himself as the chosen one, and he seems to have borrowed heavily from the Process Church of the Final Judgment to recruit impressionable young people. By now, their belief system must be strong, and that’s what makes them dangerous.”

Oh, you have no idea! the Mime King thought. Let’s spread the good word in the dark.
CHAPTER 11
?
When Ismael woke up in the middle of the night, sweating and breathless, panic seized his mind. 
I’m still at the hospital, he noticed after staring at the room shrouded in inky blackness. But where are Abe and Marta? 
Although the memories of what had happened earlier came flooding back to him, he didn’t have time to dwell on them. Something was wrong. After tugging the IV needle out of his wrist and trying (but failing) to turn on the TV or the lights, he peered out into the hallway and listened intently. All was quiet except for the storm raging outside and the timid slapping sounds of his bare feet on the linoleum floor.
“Hello?”
Power blackouts were frequent when it rained in Venezuela, which wouldn’t have mattered much if San Isidro wasn’t infamous for having its almanacs split into two seasons: the Deluge and the drought; something that, for whatever reason, filled the locals with pride. 
“Noah himself couldn’t have lived here,” they’d often say, puffing out their chests. “He built an ark to survive a downpour of forty days and forty nights, but we withstand one that lasts six months… every year!”
Still doesn’t explain where everybody went.
No nurses or doctors, no moans in the ER, no cries in the maternity ward… Nothing.
Without knowing where his feet would take him, the priest left the deserted medical center and walked through the narrow streets under the stormy sky, wearing only a hospital gown. He ended up drenched in seconds under the warm rain.
“Is anyone out there?”
As sewers overflowed, Ismael thought the thunder roaring above sounded like a giant’s bellow. Perhaps God’s.
“Hello?”
A distant rumble in the clouds was the only answer he got.
After walking around the town for the first time in months, he reinforced his opinion that San Isidro was beyond salvation; its sheer stillness infuriated him. While a few houses lining the streets might have been quaint at some point, the past few decades had deformed them with uneven walls and barred windows; the ever-increasing crime rate had forced the innocent to live behind bars, turning even the best-kept building into a prison intended to keep the rest of the world at bay.
Trapped in their own homes, people tried to keep claustrophobia from settling in by putting as much of themselves in their decorations as possible, and since everyone was eager to show just how special they were, not a single house looked the same—which made them all alike in their ugliness. 
Anarchy was the hallmark of San Isidro: anyone could tear down the facade of their houses to open a shop and pawn their dreams for a loaf of bread. What had once been beautiful scenery had now become an amorphous landscape where people had turned their homes into improvised grocery stores or workshops that looked like prison cells.
I’ve seen prettier penitentiaries than these houses.
For hours, Ismael walked in silence without coming across a single person, remembering how much he detested this place. This can’t be real, he told himself again and again.
Once he arrived at the main square, he finally bumped into a small group of people. At first, there were only a few of them, but soon, he found himself surrounded. In a matter of seconds, the whole town was there, and everyone had their faces turned up to the sky, fascinated by the lightning storm. Pedrito, Doña Josefa, Abraham, Marcelo, Marta, Ofelia, Héctor… all of them!
“My God!” Ismael whispered, unable to believe his eyes. The downpour was corroding their skin, each drop tearing apart their clothes and ripping out pieces of their flesh. They stood there, motionless, waiting to become skeletons in the rain as the muddy water turned red under their feet. “Why aren’t they screaming?”
Despite knowing it was too late to save her, he grabbed his goddaughter, Ofelia, by the arm. When he pulled her towards him, the girl’s skin and muscles peeled off, like a glove of rotten flesh, leaving her bloody bones exposed. Ismael let out a cry of anguish, then slipped and fell on the ground covered by human remains.
“I’m sorry.” He was close to crying, but he knew tears were a luxury he couldn’t afford. Afraid he’d be next, he got to his feet and ran away. “I’m so sorry.”
As he fled the main square, the houses on either side of the street kept growing bigger. This is not possible. He didn’t stop until his legs became as heavy as lead and a stabbing pain in his side had drawn all the breath out of him.
Where am I? the priest wondered, fearing this was a dead end.
Then, lightning sliced open the sky, showing him the way.
“The church! I can hide there.”
In a stroke of luck, he found the door to the sacristy unlocked. Although it was as pitch-black in there as it was outside, at least it was dry. Ismael fumbled in the darkness with his hands outstretched until he saw a pale man come near him. His blood froze.
“Calm down,” he told himself after a nervous chuckle. “It’s your own reflection.” But a second glimpse proved him wrong. It wasn’t a mirror but a screen that laid before him. “Is someone recording me?” Instead of trying to find the camera, his focus remained fixed on the big, flat television in front of him. “This can’t be me.”
His hands shook as he touched his skin and confirmed his fears. In a single motion, he tore off a piece of his own flesh. 
“This is a nightmare.” Not pain, but a pleasant numbness came over him when he sank his fingers into his cheeks and reached the bone. “But whose nightmare is it?”
Unable to resist it anymore, he gave in to the temptation and ripped his face off, little by little, until he too became a skull.
CHAPTER 12
AROUND A MONTH AGO
Ismael opened his eyes.
He was still lying in bed in that wretched hospital room.
Beside him, Marta and Abraham lay slumped on two plastic chairs where they’d fallen into what seemed like a shallow, uneasy sleep.
The priest would have been sorry for them if not for the emptiness growing inside him. Was that a nightmare? He stared at the ceiling. No, reality is the nightmare.
“He’s awake,” Abe told his wife before dragging his chair closer to his friend. “Compa, can you hear me?”
Ismael refused to answer.
Why bother?
Darkness awaits us all, he thought before disappearing within himself.
CHAPTER 13
8 YEARS AGO
Ofelia didn’t know what she had expected, but it wasn’t this.
When Marcelo opened the front door and saw her standing there, clutching a natural sciences book to her chest, he flinched. And even after the initial surprise faded from his face, he still refused to step back and let her come inside his home.
“Th-thought we were m-meeting in the library,” he whispered, running a nervous hand through his wet hair as it dripped droplets onto his shirt.
“I tried a different route, more efficient.” Ofelia tucked the heavy book under her arm and stuck a sharp pencil behind her ear. “It’s two blocks away from this street.”
“What are you talking about?”
“According to the cultural norm, you should offer me something to drink.”
“I…” Marcelo glanced back over his shoulder. “I’m not ready to leave yet.”
“The route.”
“Huh?”
“The answer to your question,” she tried to push him gently out of the way. “My new route to the library brought me near here. I’m thirsty. May I come in?”
The boy cast another anxious look behind him, using his body to block the crack between the door and the frame. “Wait outside, and I’ll get you a glass of w-water.”
Ofelia put a hand up to shade her eyes from the hot afternoon sun that was making heat waves rise from the pavement, and said, “Quaint. Your house doesn’t have a porch or a gate. That’s not safe. It’s an old colonial design inspired by Spanish architecture.” Without pausing to breathe, she added. “Your hair is wet.”
“I-I took a shower.”
“Why are you lying?”
“Wh—I’m not.”
“You avoided eye contact when you replied, and that’s a clear sign you are not telling me the truth.” She slipped inside, taking advantage of his momentary distraction. “Also your pants are on fire.” A pause. “That last one was a joke.”
“Fine. Come in.” Marcelo dropped his hands in defeat. “Don’t move. Let me get my books.”
“And a glass of water.” Her eyes took a few seconds to adjust to the dimness. Sunspots danced across her vision. “And a towel.”
He frowned in confusion.
“Your hair.” She practiced her smile on him, thinking the situation deserved it. He didn’t smile back, however.
Ofelia gazed around and found the contrast between the house’s facade and the living room quite odd. Five minutes ago, unless she’d known beforehand that this was Marcelo’s address, she would have assumed the place to be abandoned: The damaging effect of rain had aged the front door beyond salvation, and most of the paint outside had cracked and peeled off. But the inside of the house was an entirely different matter; every inch seemed lived in, even comfortable. And yet it gave the same vibe of decay as the exterior.
Unlike her house, this living room was spacious but sparsely decorated, nothing more than a couch, a worn-out easy chair, and a coffee table with an ugly porcelain harlequin doll next to a few magazines that had been flipped through countless times. She could hear, in a murmur coming from somewhere in the back, some soap opera playing on the TV, but she refused to let curiosity get the best of her. That would have been impolite.
Although the living room walls had been painted white not too long ago—around Christmastime, most likely, as was customary in Venezuela—there were watermarks near what must be the bathroom door. Above her, a naked 60-watt bulb jutted from a socket. The stained concrete floor could have used a sweeping, even a wash too, but this wouldn’t bother her if they left soon.
“I should have stayed outside,” she said to herself.
There wasn’t anything wrong with Marcelo’s home, but Ofelia disliked it. Perhaps it was the one-too-many clown paintings on the walls or the tacky wooden hanging door beads that separated this area from the dining room and the kitchen. No. That was not it. It was the smell. A faint, musty smell (like ammonia or rotten eggs) that she hadn’t noticed at first. It disgusted her, and she wrinkled her nose.
Do not ask him about that, she could almost hear her mother’s voice warning her about this. It will hurt your friend’s feelings.
While Ofelia didn’t understand why pointing out the truth could be so bad (it was but a fact, after all), she concluded it would be smart to opt for a different topic if she needed to make small talk. Something innocuous.
She stared at a painting as the rustle of the hanging door beads reached her ears. “What’s with the clowns?”
“I like them,” said someone behind her.
Ofelia turned around to find not her friend but a tall shirtless man drinking a beer and scratching his round, hairy belly. He was taller than her own father, and heavier too, but not out of shape. Under the fat, there were muscles accustomed to difficult manual labor.
That’s Anibal, Marcelo’s stepdad, she thought. My mom said that man could talk an Eskimo into buying ice cubes.
Anibal gulped down a sip of Polar before saying, “So you are the famous Ofelia…” His unkempt, salt-and-pepper beard and hair didn’t do much to distract her from the strange glimmer in his eyes. “You don’t look that smart.”
“Neither do you.”
Rude, her mother’s voice said inside her head. Shut up! I do not care what others think of me, replied her own voice. Not this man, at least.
Marcelo hurried back into the living room and stopped dead in his tracks when he saw his stepfather there.
“S-sir, I—”
“Aren’t you going to introduce me to your friend?”
Whereas Marcelo pressed his back against the wall, putting as much distance between him and Anibal as possible, Ofelia didn’t concede the man an inch of her personal space.
“The p-public library closes at six,” Marcelo said to no one in particular.
“I pictured you with thick bifocals and a calculator sticking up your ass,” Anibal told Ofelia as he crushed the beer can in his hand with a deft movement. “And here you are, a pretty little thing. How old are you?”
She looked at him from head to toe. “Old enough to not like… clowns.”
“What’s not to like?” Anibal grinned, but there was a hint of malice to it. “They are an army, y’know? And the mimes, such as that little guy over there…” He pointed at the porcelain doll on the coffee table. “They are their generals.”
“That’s not a mime.”
Anibal’s brow knitted. “Of course it is.”
“No, it’s not. That’s a harlequin doll based on a character in the Commedia dell’arte. It’s very different from a mime.”
“Well, well, well. Aren’t you a little miss know-it-all?”
Anibal moved closer to her, close enough that she could almost taste the sharp body odor lurking beneath his cheap cologne.
“We s-should go,” said the boy.
“Marcelo!” his stepfather snapped, but then his voice went from venomous to saccharine as he addressed Ofelia again. “Why can’t you be more like your friend here? Pretty and quiet. A shut mouth catches no flies, remember?”
“Yes, sir.”
No one spoke for a while. With their every breath, the atmosphere grew heavier and heavier. As the three of them stood there, unmoving, Ofelia didn’t dare look away from Anibal. The silence stretched uncomfortably between them now that the TV was no longer on. They were paralyzed in expectation of what could happen next. It was as if that instant, as if reality itself, was made of cracking glass, one that was slowly succumbing to the pressure. One that could break at any second by even the smallest sound. 
And then the phone rang.
One ring. Ofelia held Anibal’s gaze without blinking. Two rings. She became extremely aware of the shape and weight of the pencil behind her ear. Three rings. A surge of adrenaline readied her for what would happen next.
He is going to attack us.
“Well, that’s my cue to step up to the plate,” Anibal told them with a grin. “I need to take that call.”
Not a second after his stepfather left the room, Marcelo grabbed Ofelia by the arm. “P-please, let’s go.”
“Hello? Cous! How are you?” they heard Anibal say into the receiver. “Yeah, no. My check hasn’t arrived. That’s why I called.”
Before leaving, Ofelia did something she’d never done in her life: she looked back. As Marcelo closed the front door, she cast one last glance at the disgusting man on the cordless phone, thinking of what her father had once taught her about rabid animals four years ago.
“Marcelo?”
“Yeah?” he replied with his hands deep in his pockets, keeping his glassy eyes glued to the floor.
Maybe it was the speckless sky above them, or the fresh air billowing her skirt—whatever the reason, that house seemed too dark and too stuffy to do nothing about it. She needed to help her friend somehow.
“You forgot my glass of water.”
The faintest hint of a smile appeared on Marcelo’s lips.
CHAPTER 14
1 WEEK AGO: ANASTASIS
Both the doctors and the Pérezes tried in vain to get Ismael to react. 
“It’s like talking to a corpse!” Abe yelled at a nurse, frustrated.
“It will get better tomorrow, hon,” Marta told her husband. “You’ll see.”
But it didn’t get better.
Not the next day nor the day after that.
In some respects, things got worse. Deaf and blind to the world around him, the priest had even stopped controlling his sphincter muscles.
It wasn’t until Easter Sunday that something changed.
“Honey, look!”
Ismael shed a tear when she tuned in to the travel channel on the tiny TV set mounted on the wall. Although the Pérezes saw this as a small miracle, the doctors asked them to keep their expectations in check. 
“Perhaps his eyes were dry,” Doctor Núñez offered.
“No. It’s a sign,” Marta insisted. “God wouldn’t want him to stay like this forever. We don’t deserve it.”
After that, she made sure those shows about the European cities Ismael dreamed of traveling to were always on. And she kept her promise until the doctors were about to discharge him.
While Abraham waited outside the hospital room, he picked up an overly sweet scent, typical of small-town perfume shops. That could only mean one thing: Bishop Héctor López was finally gracing them with his presence.
Abe had never admitted it out loud, but something about that man didn’t sit well with him. Maybe it was his cold eyes or his pointy face. No. It’s his tone. Such disdain in his voice, he found himself thinking, taking a step forward to greet him. This man looks like the type of person who is willing to kill puppies if that meant he could ride on the Popemobile. And why the hell did he take this long to visit Ismael?
Once their awkward, half-hearted greeting was over, they both entered the room. The bishop took a glance at the priest. “I understood he’d suffered a heart attack. Why is he vegetative?”
Abraham told him everything the doctors had explained to him: how his brain had been damaged due to oxygen deficiency, how the paramedics had taken longer than usual to revive him because Ismael was alone in church when it happened… And, although he disliked saying it aloud, he had to repeat the name of the illness afflicting his friend several times in the conversation.
“It’s called multi-infarct dementia.”
“I see,” said the bishop in a disinterested monotone.
“Anyway, I don’t trust doctors. Technology blinds them.” Abraham touched his nose. “My instincts tell me there is hope.”
Marta wore a proud smile. “My husband is a traditionalist.” He prefers doing things the old-fashioned way.”
“I believe in doing what’s right,” Abe said. “And sometimes that means doing things as they’ve always been done.”
“Yeah, not everyone adapts to change.” After a pause, the Bishop turned to meet Ismael’s lifeless eyes. “To understand God doesn’t exist to satisfy our whims can… crush weak people.”
A chill descended upon the room.
“What did you just say?” Abraham frowned.
“You’re a policeman—”
“I am the chief of police.”
The bishop’s lips twisted up in a smirk.
“You said you respect tradition, didn’t you? Doing what’s right…” After crossing his arms behind his back, the bishop admired the footage of the Coliseum on the television. “Do you know how the Roman army used to punish traitors?” He let his question hung in the air. “They’d put them in a bag with snakes.”
“Traitor?” Marta asked without understanding.
The bishop turned off the TV.
“Treason springs from pride and greed.”
“Stop beating around the bush, Your Excellency.” Abraham couldn’t stand the sight of him a second more. “Why don’t you say exactly what you mean?”
“Don’t you think the right thing is to punish those who believe themselves above the law? No matter who they are.” He fixed his gaze on the priest again. “Perhaps, what happened to him was divine justice.”
“You are joking, right?”
“I’m only speaking the truth.”
“Well, I, too, like calling balls and strikes when I see them,” said Abe. “And I think you are an asshole.
“Honey!” 
“Let him vent, it will do him well,” the bishop told Marta. “But I think I better leave.”
“Damn right you will.”
“Maybe we don’t see eye-to-eye, Chief, but think about it. Now Ismael’s actions, or inactions, cannot harm anyone ever again.”
Abe clenched his fists, his fury bubbling to the surface. If the bishop didn’t leave soon, he would bash his smug face against the wall.
FROM THE MIME KING’S MANIFESTO
The day has come, and they will no longer decide for us. We will take action, and we will strike back. It will be swift, and it will be deadly. Instead of fearing the bloodshed that signals the birth of a new era, fear that you are not spilling enough blood. There should be red on your hands. But will it be yours, or will it be theirs?
CHAPTER 15
1 WEEK AGO: ANASTASIS
Marta reached over and took her husband’s hand.
“Honey, we are all tired. I’m sure the bishop means well.”
She tended to go unnoticed, even in her own house, except for her ghostly whispers when praying the rosary. Submissive and reserved, she was one of those women who seemed to age ten years as soon as they got married and then another decade once they gave birth. However, while she often failed to meet people’s expectations or get their attention, she always did enough when it came to bringing Abraham to his senses.
“Yeah, tired.” With a heavy sigh, Abe rubbed his temples. “You better leave, bishop.”
Marta knew her husband was a righteous man, yes, but he could also be brutal if someone—no matter who—hurt the people he loved.
He’ll do anything to protect us, she thought.
The bishop took a step toward the window and stared at the haze resting over the uneven rooftops. The afternoon light bathed his stout body until he closed the shutters, thickening the gloominess in the room.
“You don’t have to burden yourself with all this. There’s a home for sick and retired priests on the outskirts of town.”
“I’m aware,” said Abraham.
“I know you are. It wasn’t a question.” The bishop pointed at the priest. “Why keep him here? Why spend all this money when the Daughters of Charity can take care of him? Is it that rules do not apply to him?”
“He is family,” Marta said, caressing Ismael’s cheek.
“And family deserves the best,” said Abe. “After this clinic, that means staying with us.”
The bishop, smoothing his thick gray walrus mustache with his fingers, put an envelope on the bedside table.
“The papers to transfer Ismael to the nursing home. The Daughters will look after him, and he won’t cause anyone any more trouble. I promise.”
“Why take him away?” Marta asked.
The bishop’s tone lowered. “It’s my cross to bear. After what happened to the altar boy, Ismael should have quit, but pride is his sin.” He hunched over the priest to make the sign of the cross on his forehead. “My responsibility is to—”
Then, Ismael moved for the first time in weeks. Like a wild animal catching its prey, he took the bishop by the wrist.
Marta’s jaw went slack, and her legs quaked. Even with her husband holding her, she almost fainted. She wanted to feel relieved, but something in her compadre’s expression raised gooseflesh on her arms. Something that reminded her of her own demons, the demons she had struggled to keep quiet for years.
A MESSAGE SENT TO A DEAD CELLPHONE
Today I held your new face made from the ashes of your former self, and it is beautiful. Like that day, I will help you. Together we will graduate again and put down every rabid beast in our path. Sorry I took this long to come back.
PART TWO
CHAPTER 16
1 WEEK AGO: ANASTASIS
“Héctor…” Ismael’s voice scraped out of his throat. A smirk played across his parched lips when he stared at the bishop’s ashen face. None of them knew he’d clung to every word they’d said for the past seven days.
After being unconscious for over a month, the priest had woken up a week ago but kept it a secret. Until now.
“Compa?” Abe looked unnerved. “Honey, get the doctor.”
Marta backed up several steps, never taking her eyes off her friend until she headed down the hall.
“You’re awake…” The strange tension in the bishop’s tone didn’t go unnoticed. It was clear he wanted to pull his arm free of Ismael’s grip while still trying to keep his composure.
Ironic, isn’t it? The priest clenched his hand tighter, savoring Héctor’s dismay. Now you are the one who’s paralyzed.
“The Lord has worked through you, Your Excellency,” Ismael said. “You woke me up. It’s a miracle.”
“A miracle?” The bishop finally wriggled out of his grasp, drawing himself up to look taller than he was. Half-closing his eyes, he turned to Abraham. “Is this a joke? You told me he was in a coma.”
“I was.” Ismael bowed his head, not only to appear submissive but to prevent his face from betraying him. “I came back to life because of you. As I said, it’s a miracle.”
He wasn’t lying.
If I hadn’t moved, he would have sent me to that nursing home, he thought. That’s the last thing I want. But this also means it’s bye-bye to the sweet freedom of immobility.
“Right.” The bishop nodded. “We’ll see what our doctors say about that at the Home for Sick and—”
“No, please!” The priest continued to emote desperation as best as he could. “Don’t send me there.”
“I don’t have time for this,” López complained. “You are to stay with the Daughters of Charity. They will look after you every day and night.”
“Ismael had not made a sound in weeks,” Abraham said. He stood in the doorway, keeping the Bishop from leaving. His breathing was irregular, his forehead beaded with sweat; he seemed willing to do anything. “You come, he wakes up, and now you won’t hear him?”
The bishop had no choice but to meet the priest’s pleading eyes.
“What do you want?”
“Can I stay with Marta and Abe? At least for a while? Please? Let kindness be part of your miracle.” Ismael picked up the envelope with transfer papers next to him. “Imagine what they’ll say: protected by the chief of police and saved by the head of the diocese… faith and justice in communion! A new dawn begins for San Isidro. If something can mend San Isidro’s old wounds, surely it is this.”
The priest kept on insisting until the bishop had the envelope back in his hands. If I inflate his ego enough, with the promise that his miracle will be on everyone’s lips, he will have to let me stay at Abraham’s. 
That was all the time Ismael needed to set his plan in motion.
“Fine.” The bishop tore the envelope into bits. “But don’t forget that even the tiniest mistake of a small man can tarnish a miracle. And if this miracle is tarnished…”
“Have a little faith, Héctor,” said Ismael as Marta returned with the doctor. “There’s nothing I can do. I am less than nothing.”
CHAPTER 17
3 YEARS AGO
Marta had learned that loss and grief could distort everything familiar into something alien. Her bedroom was as it had been for years: the same oak armoire she inherited from her grandmother, the same Baroque double bed Ismael gave them as an anniversary present five years ago, the same linen drapes, the same cross hanging on the wall by the window—and yet, it was all different.
The walls around her felt hollow somehow, ready to collapse at any second. The headboard, once elegant and beautiful, had become nothing more than a tombstone decorated with mocking cherubs. Because my bed may as well be a coffin until my baby comes home, she thought just before Abraham’s voice called her name from outside the room.
Without moving, she closed her eyes. If she had it her way, she’d keep them shut as long as God refused to hear her prayers.
“Honey, are you awake?” her husband asked after knocking on the door.
No, I’m not. I must be still asleep. Otherwise, I’d have to accept this nightmare is real.
How was this possible? This bedroom was identical to hers, and yet it was completely different. It’s stuffy and ugly. Abe asked her again if she was awake. Once more, she replied nothing. What’s that horrible smell? It reminded her of wet shoes that had been in a dark closet for far too long.
The door creaked open.
“It might rain later,” her husband said, stepping inside.
Even though he was careful, Marta still noticed the soft clatter of dishes on a tray.
I am not hungry, she thought.
“Hon, I’ll leave some food here on the dresser.” A long silence. “Honey? You have to eat.”
Marta, still facing away from him, opened her eyes only to let the tears out. She had lain in bed wearing the same clothes for four days, refusing to get up except to go to the toilet and drink water when no one was watching her. She had been so sure her baby girl would have come home by now, or at least call them on the phone. Any minute, she’d told herself four nights ago. Any minute now.
“Please leave and close the door on your way out,” Marta said.
Abe held the doorknob but stayed where he was. “Brought you today’s newspaper, and a pen too. There’s three days’ worth of crossword puzzles waiting for—”
“And take that with you,” she pointed at the tray.
“But, hon.”
“I bet you hid all the pages with articles about him.”
He sighed. “That will do nothing but upset you.”
“Upset… me? Let me talk ‘car,’ so you understand me. Upset’s been in the rearview mirror for almost a week.”
She barely glanced at him but could tell this reply had stung him harder than a slap on the face. They’d known each other since third grade, and she’d never spoken to him that way. Hell, she hadn’t spoken to anyone that way. Not ever.
The silence stretched between them. The only sound for a while was the ticking of the grandfather clock in the dining room.
“I know,” Abraham said once the tension in the air became unbearable.
She folded her arms around a pillow. “I’m sorry.”
“Don’t be.”
He’s hiding something. I can tell. Outside the window, the clouds darkened, and the wind filled with the stink of wet dirt. With her eyes closed again, Marta wished she could turn back the clock, back to when she loved the smell of rain. A version of her life in which her special angel sat in the patio to read every afternoon after school, and they’d talk about what book to get from the public library next.
“I just want this to be over,” Marta said.
“I know! I know! You think I don’t?” Abe’s voice had a dangerous edge to it. Then, all of a sudden, as if a weight he’d been carrying had finally crushed a part of him, his tone became thin and forlorn. “Ismael is outside.”
Ismael. Soft-spoken, irritating Ismael. Too intelligent for San Isidro. Too handsome to be a priest. Too—
“He’s always been outside,” Marta said, almost to herself.
“What does that mean?”
She wiped a tear off the corner of her eye. “Nothing.”
Abraham swallowed whatever he was going to say and instead repeated the same thing he’d been saying since that horrible day. “Everything will be fine. I promise.”
Despite the humid heat, Marta pulled her sheets up even tighter against her body and waited in silence for him to leave. Time dragged, losing its meaning, the pendulum in the clock outside swinging with each passing second until she couldn’t tell if it was morning or afternoon.
More than hunger, it was the need to move her legs that drew her to the tray on the dresser. Maybe I could have a bite? Instead of the food, however, she focused on the newspaper. As she’d expected, it was a Frankenstein monster made of innocuous sections like sports and entertainment and crossword puzzles. Nothing that could ‘upset’ her.
“God, forgive me,” she whispered, aware that the hatred in her heart was stronger than the sorrow nesting in her soul. It mattered little if they hid the news from her; there was no hiding from reality. “I hate him.” She grabbed the knife on the tray and looked at its shiny edge. “I hate Marcelo.”
The one thing left to do was to quiet her demons as she’d done it so many times before.
FROM THE MIME KING’S MANIFESTO
The time for dialogue is no more. We traveled the road of peace, and it led us to a dead end. An insurmountable wall stands before us, we cannot climb it, we cannot go around it, but we can break through it. Forget your fears, for they’ve all come true. You are already dead, and the only thing crossing your mind now is “how many people came to my funeral?” Fuck that! Wake up and step out your casket.
CHAPTER 18
29 HOURS AND 30 MINUTES AGO
Abraham left his house in his blue 2004 Malibu thirty minutes past midnight.
Man is a creature of habit, Ismael thought, pleased.
Once he realized the chief of police was a stranger in his own home, his plan became clear. It hadn’t taken him long to notice that when his compadre was not away, he would lock himself up, well into the night, in the small room he used as an office at the back of the patio, next to the twisted hawthorn tree.
The priest listened to the car drive off until nothing but the eerie sound of crickets filled the air. Before stepping out of the meager bedroom the Pérezes had fixed up for him, Ismael studied his reflection in the mirror: dressed in full black and wearing the clerical collar worn by the members of his order. He gave an amused smirk.
“Old habits are hard to kill.”
Unlike the stark decoration of his room, Marta had adorned the rest of the house with countless knickknacks, covering every wall with a multitude of different-size artworks by local painters whose greatest accomplishment was merely perpetuating the cliché of the starving artist.
Among the cluster of framed paintings, Abraham’s glass-top butterfly display cases stood out. I’ve always found that hobby a tad morbid. However, this wasn’t what made Ismael uncomfortable. It was the family photos, yellowed by time, on the console and side tables in the living room that made him cringe. When Ismael walked past these, he couldn’t help but roll his eyes, disgusted by the fake smiles the camera had captured.
“Ah, to be old and in denial.”
Cloaked in the still darkness of the night, the priest headed for the keys hanging on a hook near the entrance door. I’m a step closer to leaving this charade behind me. He then felt a sudden change in the air, and his senses sharpened. What was that?
“Ismael?” Marta switched the lights on. “You almost scared me to death.”
“Almost.” He dropped his scowl as he turned to her. “Why don’t you go back to bed?”
Wearing an old nightgown that made her look like a specter from a Victorian ghost story, Marta sat down in the armchair by the doorway. In one hand she was holding a cup of tea, in the other a frayed rosary.
“Wait… what are you doing dressed like that at this hour?” A startled expression passed over her face. “Are you heading out?”
Ismael had convinced the bishop to let him stay there only because he assumed it would have been easier for him to disappear if there were fewer eyes on him. The problem was he had not counted on Marta having nothing better to do than to keep track of his every move.
The priest looked down and picked up a photograph from the table. It showed Ofelia, his goddaughter, in her first communion dress, holding hands with someone hidden by the thick picture frame. He remembered even the smallest detail about that day, and he knew the person the Pérezes had cut out of the photo was none other than Marcelo, his former altar boy.
The girl was scrawny, and her hair was as black as a raven. He had not seen her in years. What would she look like today? The other kid, the one missing from the image, was short and chubby and had a face made for smiles. Although his glasses could never hide the sadness in his eyes. Ismael did not wonder what Marcelo would have looked like now. After his heart attack, he’d learned not to torture himself with useless questions.
Another glimpse at the photographs gave him an idea.
“Marta, these pictures…”
“Aren’t they beautiful?”
“They’re old,” he pointed out.
“I have to print new ones, I know.” Marta’s smile faded. “It’s my fault.”
“Ofelia isn’t in any of these,” said Ismael. “And the most recent photo is at least from three or four years ago.”
“Well, with this Facebook thing—”
“She moved to Miami, yes?”
“Oh, no. She’s on vacation.”
“Really?”
“Yes.”
“How is she? Do you speak often?”
Marta smiled nervously at him by way of answer.
“You’ve spoken little to your daughter since Marcelo died, haven’t you?” The priest’s unblinking eyes studied her reaction. “Tell me, did things between you two change after she ran away that first time?”
“Let’s not relive unpleasant memories.”
“Unpleasant? It must have been heartbreaking. Maddening, even. You were bedridden for days when she disappeared, if my memory serves me correctly.”
“I…” Marta tilted her head, averting his gaze. “She just needed some time away from Abe after what happened.” 
“Why?”
“Let’s talk about something else.” She sipped her tea nervously. “They are just opinionated.”
“Are they?”
“Abe and my daughter, I mean. Cut from the same cloth, I tell you.” A thin, nervous smile split her lips. “And yet they are so different: he’s old-fashioned, and she loves going online. Not even I can deny they are both stubborn. No matter what I’ve told them, they won’t listen to reason.”
Ismael drew closer and stooped to her level.
“They’re headstrong, perhaps, or maybe your opinion means nothing to them.”
Her voice trembled. “What?” 
“Think about it. Your daughter won’t even call you. Your husband is married to his job.”
Marta’s eyes welled up. “Don’t say that. He’s just busy with that case, trying to make up for the time we spent at the hospital.”
“No, Marta. Lying is a sin,” he said. “The truth is, you don’t matter to him.” Ismael straightened up, towering over her. “The fact is, you don’t matter at all.” Then, he took the keys and opened the lock.
“Why would you say that?” she asked, sinking deeper into the armchair like a frightened little animal.
The priest did not bother to answer. He switched off the light and closed the door behind him, leaving Marta in the familiar darkness of her living room.
FROM THE PRIEST’S JOURNAL
Things are looking up for San Isidro, and that makes me immensely happy.
Marcelo was raving about the new cable company that will start operations in town next year. “The place is huge,” he told me. “The parabolic antenna is bigger than this church!” I didn’t care for that last bit, but if it makes him smile, then it’s okay.
Who knows? Maybe this will be THE place to live a few years down the line, and people will no longer want to move out.
Time will tell.
CHAPTER 19
29 HOURS AGO
No busses left San Isidro after dusk.
Once the clock struck midnight, nothing but a few jitneys remained available for those willing to risk their lives on the road at night. It was a risk not because the chances of being robbed or kidnapped verged almost on certainty during the wee hours of the morning, but because, these unsanctioned jitney drivers were infamous for slamming the gas pedal to the floor no matter if it was day or night. 
Ismael checked his wristwatch, startled to see it was so late. His encounter with Marta had slowed him down, but he didn’t want to spend another minute in this town. 
“I’ll take my chances,” he said to himself, aware that the odds were stacked against him. If the bishop found out about his behavior at the Pérezes, or that Ismael was planning on skipping town, he would make his life a living hell. And then there were the Skulls; the priest suspected they still had plans for him, but he didn’t want to stick around to find out why they had tortured him. 
At least the passenger terminal was not far now. Even before catching a glimpse of it, he could smell the stench of stale urine growing stronger with each step. Ismael picked up the pace. The streets were asleep and deserted, which suited him perfectly. No one except a transvestite prostitute wearing a miniskirt, the droopy-eyed clerk at the El Silencio liquor store, and a ragged cat with glowing pupils had seen him so far, and none of them seemed to have paid much attention to him either way.
Once at the station (if three dirty platforms and a small cluster of tin kiosks around a crude, single-story building could be called that), the priest found a single jitney parked near the bend. Its driver, a scruffy little gocho, leaned back on the hood of the car, smoking a cigarette; close to him, a homeless man, whose face was slashed by wrinkles, lied on old flattened cardboard boxes, cuddling his anise bottle like a treasure.
“How quaint,” the priest whispered to himself.
To his right, by the entrance, inside a Plexiglas cubicle lit by a flickering light bulb, a young woman in charge of selling tickets watched a B-Horror movie on a portable black-and-white TV.
Ismael approached her and knocked on the acrylic glass to pay for the Departure Tax. Without that fucking piece of paper, not even an unsanctioned driver would take him anywhere. The reasoning behind this still remained a mystery to him.
“How long does it take to print a stupid ticket?” the priest said, meeting her vacant eyes. “Could you hurry up?”
She took forever to complete the transaction, however.
She’s as stoned as a promiscuous woman in the Old Testament, he thought, giving her a black look. Once he had the ticket in his hands, the priest got in the back seat of the beat-up jitney—one of those 70s Cadillacs that resembles a hearse—without saying a word.
Before leaning against the window of the passenger’s door to speak to Ismael, the driver finished the last few drags of his smoke and threw the cigarette butt at two stray dogs screwing on the street. 
“Father, do you believe in miracles? Because that what we’ll need to hit the road tonight.”
“Get in the car.”
“I never put the engine in gear unless there’s an ass on every seat.” The driver looked around. “Do you see any other passengers?”
The priest didn’t reply.
“Listen, nobody is here. Not even me!” the driver joked. “In my mind, I’m already home.”
“Miracles are not my thing, but do I believe in our Founding Fathers.” Ismael took out a thick wad of bills he’d stolen from Abraham. “What about you? Do you believe in this?”
The driver arched his eyebrows and whistled, impressed.
“Well, I’m feeling very patriotic now.”
Right after the man started the car, he turned on a CD player embedded in a dashboard covered with religious prints. Ismael reached over from the back seat and turned off the device.
“Not a vallenatos fan, huh?”
“Can’t hear the voice.”
“What?”
The priest tapped his forehead with his index finger. “The voice in here. I thought it was God whispering in the wind, but I was wrong.”
The driver stiffened, obviously uncomfortable with the turn the conversation had taken. “Right…”
“I live for the things people refuse to say out loud,” Ismael explained. “I won’t settle for less. This…” He looked at his hand. “We are but flesh. Pleasure is the only God, my friend.”
Dumbstruck, the driver stared at him in the rear-view mirror.
“Not a fan of vallenatos?”
“Shut up and get me out of here.”
The driver must have needed the money badly because he limited himself to a complaint grumbled under his breath and then drove up the curve to the highway in silence. With no traffic in sight, the long road out of town seemed shorter. At least it did for a moment.
About four blocks from the terminal, the man switched from gas to break at a green light. “Fuck me,” he muttered, clenching the steering wheel.
A dark figure stood before the car; his features hidden behind a skull mask. He was pointing at a gun at them.
CHAPTER 20
1 YEAR AGO
After queuing for a hellish eternity at the American Airlines check-in desk at the Simón Bolívar International Airport, Ofelia had finally left behind the myriad of dejected passengers from delayed and canceled flights, four gruesome security checkpoints, and Carlos Cruz Diez’s infamous multi-colored walkway. 
She’d already left all that behind her, but in reality, she was leaving so much more.
Once her dad had tracked her down and found her at the Cardozos’ house—where Luz and Jeremías (former classmates of hers) had kept her hidden for three days—Abraham had tried to convince her to come back home one last time. The problem was that she didn’t have a home to go back to anymore. Her parents lived at the same address; in her bedroom, there were the same bookshelves that smelled of old paper and knowledge; the grandfather clock in the dining-room still ticked with the same hypnotic cadence that lulled her into sleep every night; and yet, that place was alien to her now.
“You can’t put your mother through this over and over again,” Abe had told her a week ago. “This is the last time you try to run away. If you want to leave, then you’ll do it on my terms. You will stay with your cousin up north. Don’t look at me like that. It’s not up for debate. I rather break your mom’s heart once, instead of having you chipping away at it every day. You won’t punish your mother for what you think I did to him. Not her. It is not fair.”
Ofelia didn’t care about any of that, because she was sure there was no such thing as fairness. Bad things happen to good people, and monsters disguised in human flesh got away with whatever they wanted. They stole money, stole lives, stole hope… And they get away with it. So, for her, the only way left was out. Obey her father one last time and go live with her cousin Gabriela in Doral, Florida. The whore, a voice in her head whispered. Good old Abe thinks she’s righteousness incarnated, but if he could see her Snapchat, I doubt he would want me anywhere near her zip code.
No matter what Ofelia had found out online about Gaby, to Abraham, this was the best solution: Get Marta’s beloved little angel away from the mess that Marcelo left behind. Away from— 
“Citizen!”
Here we go again, Ofelia thought, turning around to lock eyes with the Bolivarian National Guard officer approaching her. She was quickly learning to hate the sight of those baggy, green uniforms.
“What are your travel plans?” he asked her.
“I already answer that.”
“Not to me, you didn’t.”
“You all look alike.”
“I don’t care if you must answer the same questions until you get on the damn plane. What’s your destination? How many people are traveling with you?”
“Fine,” Ofelia said before spouting the harmless answers Abraham had urged her to memorize on their way to Maiquetía.
“Give me your backpack,” the National Guard officer ordered her.
A surge of angry heat that had nothing to do with the lack of air conditioning or the humid Caribbean weather went through Ofelia’s chest. This is absurd. She handed her bag over and he unzipped it expertly. The National Guard officer fumbled through the contents like a blind man, his hands all over her belongings, raping her privacy. He flicked through her paperback version of The Count of Monte Cristo twice, inspected her phone’s charger cable (which had been useless, since most of the airport had no power) before putting it back in, and then confiscated her roll of toilet paper (which had been a lifesaver since the few open restrooms had no supplies or running water).
Leaving her unzipped backpack on the floor, and apparently bored with her, the man moved on to interrogate another woman waiting in line to board the plane. She was holding a child’s hand (her son, perhaps?), although she looked too young to be a mom. Not much older than Ofelia, at least. Her kid, who was using a battery-operated portable fan to combat the unbearable heat, stared at the National Guard officer as if he was a monster emerging from his bedroom closet at three o’clock in the morning.
“What’s the boy’s name?”
“Yeison,” the young mom replied.
“Is he traveling with you?”
No, idiot. She’s abandoning him by the boarding gate, Ofelia thought. Past that last security point, anyone who was there was a passenger—no two ways about it. He knew the question was unnecessary. Was there some other intent behind it?
“Yes,” the woman said, “he is my son.”
“Mommy?”
“It’s okay, baby.”
“Papers, please,” the National Guard officer demanded.
“Here you go.”
“No, not your passport.” He sounded frustrated. “Where’s the Child Travel Consent form?”
Sweat was running from the young mother’s cheeks, and it was easy to tell she’d been fighting off tears for some time now. This came as no surprise to Ofelia, since all passengers waiting to board the 3:30 p.m. flight to Miami had been at the airport since before 4:00 a.m., and most of them had cried at one point or another after saying their goodbyes to their loved ones.
“I have it here somewhere,” the young mother fidgeted and rummaged through her big purse for several agonizing seconds until she found the document. “Here!”
The National Guard officer reached for the form and, after skimming it, stared down at the woman.
“You can go if you want to, but the boy isn’t going anywhere.”
Ofelia saw the deepest fear at work on the young woman’s face.
“What? No. Why?”
“Both parents need to sign the form. I only see one signature here.”
“That’s not what the website said. And, and I filled it out good. They’ve checked it several times. No one said anything.”
“I do not care what they said or didn’t say. Without his father’s signature, he can’t travel.”
The boy dropped the portable fan and hugged her mother’s leg for dear life.
“Mom, don’t leave me.”
“He doesn’t even know his dad. I haven’t seen that man in years. How am I supposed to get his signature?”
“The law is the law.” The National Guard officer put Ofelia’s roll of toilet paper under his armpit and crossed his arms over his sunken chest. “Unless…”
“What?”
“I can process a new, express form for you, but it’s not cheap.”
The young mother opened her purse again and pulled out every crumpled bill she had in it and offered them to the man in the green uniform.
“What am I supposed to do with this? Can’t even buy a cup of coffee with this! You are going to Gringolandia. You ought to have some lettuce with you.”
“I don’t.”
“What about valuables? Any jewelry?”
“He can have my toys, mom,” said the little kid, trying to help.
Ofelia and the rest of the passengers waiting in line turned their attention to the boarding gate as an unseen loudspeaker crackled to life and informed them they were ready to let them on the plane. This announcement may as well have been a death sentence to the young mother. Unable to mask her desperation any longer, she begged for help from anyone who would listen, but nobody did anything. Their sole concern was to get on the plane.
“My son is everything. Please don’t do this.”
“I’m not the bad guy here,” said the National Guard officer to no one in particular. “If maybe some other passengers lend you some cash, then we’ll be okay.”
“Military mafia,” mumbled an old man in a wheelchair.
“Citizen, do you want to get on this flight or not?” the National Guard officer asked the old man, who, in the space of a single heartbeat, grew as pale as wax. “Then shut up!”
“Sir, please,” the young mother begged a man wearing a burgundy cap with the Venezuela national football team logo stamped on it. “Can you spare any money?”
“Sorry,” the guy in the cap replied, avoiding eye contact. “I already wrapped my bag twice. I can’t open it again.”
“Please,” the woman moved to the next person in line, an older lady with a pair of reading glasses hanging low on her neck. “I’ll pay you when we get there. I have—”
“Here,” said Ofelia, offering her four crisp twenty-dollar bills. All the money she had on her.
“This should do it,” said the National Guard officer grabbing the cash out Ofelia’s hand before the young mother could even touch it. “Now move along,” he waved his hand and headed back the way he came from without giving them a second look.
“Oh, dear God. Thank you. Thank you so much,” the young mother sobbed, holding the child in her arms. “Thank her, Yeison. Thank the kind woman!”
With his face buried in his mother’s neck, the little boy couldn’t have thanked Ofelia even if he wanted. It seemed like he wouldn’t be able to stop crying for a while. And the truth was Ofelia didn’t want their gratitude. What she wanted was to hurt the National Guard officer. She wanted to graduate again.
I’m barely eighteen. He could have asked for my papers.
She’d survived twelve straight hours of chaos at the airport. Officials had patted her down with no explanation (one of them had even touched her between her legs). She had seen National Guard officers ask countless people to open their luggage after they’d just gone through a security checkpoint for no other reason than to behave like the scavenging birds they were, but none of that had bothered her as much as what had just happened.
That last National Guard officer had stirred something foul inside of her that made Ofelia’s eyes water and forced her to take deep breaths as she tried not to vomit.
Her father and most of the people who met her thought Ofelia couldn’t relate to others, that empathy was a foreign concept to her, when nothing could have been further from the truth. The world overwhelmed her. 
I can feel them, all of them. Trapped in their own lives, shackled to decisions made for them by those with power. This is how it’s been for as long as I can remember. I saw my reflection in their eyes, and I was them, and they were me. Their uncertainties crawled on my skin; the sour taste of their fears closed my throat shut. It is too much to bear.
It was because she felt so powerless day in and day out that she had loved hunting with her dad as a child. Only when pulling the trigger had she felt in control. My outlet to let the pain out, she heard a voice say in her head. I need to go back to him. I must go back to Marcelo.
“Hey, you’re holding up the line,” said someone behind her. “Are you gonna move or what?”
FROM THE MIME KING’S MANIFESTO
With me, you are in control of your fate, not the banks that drown you in debts. With me, you will escape the maze of guilt the Church has trapped you in. With me, you will be free from the blinders the State wants you to wear so you do not see that others are suffering like you. Don’t fool yourself; their suffering is your suffering. And you can’t hide from it. They have tricked you into thinking it’s best to avoid meeting your neighbor’s eyes, but that stops now. It’s not about bringing others down, but everyone rising together.
Our purpose is simple: Salvation.
CHAPTER 21
28 HOURS AND 40 MINUTES AGO
An expression, somewhere between anger and fear, passed over the driver’s face, while a strange grin spread across Ismael’s lips. To him, it was clear what they had to do.
“Run him over,” the priest said.
“Father, don’t be stupid. Give him your wallet or whatever he wants.”
Impossible, he thought. He wants me.
As soon as the man wearing the dark skull mask gestured at them to step out of the vehicle, the driver (who Ismael suspected had stared into the blind eye of a gun more times than he cared to admit) turned the ignition off, fumbled the door open and got out, raising his hands in surrender.
“Him too,” Dark Skull demanded, pointing at Ismael.
“Please, Father,” the driver pleaded standing by the driver’s side of the car, fear thickening his Andean accent. “Do as he says.”
Still looking stone-faced, the priest reluctantly stepped out of the Cadillac.
“Good.” Dark Skull nodded. “Now, you…”
“L-listen,” the driver stammered. “I’m low on cash, but—”
“I’ll count to three, and you’re gone,” the Skull said. “One…”
The scruffy driver muttered something and ran toward the terminal, panting and praying aloud.
“Our Father, Who art in Heaven.”
“Two…”
“Hallowed be Thy name. Thy Kingdom come...”
“Three!”
“Thy will be—”
The priest did not flinch when the gunshot echoed down the street, nor did he blink when the lifeless body of the driver fell forward, hitting the ground with a thud. His gaze never left the masked man in front of him even though the strange beauty of the puddle of blood, black in the night, was enticing to the eye. 
“Why?” Ismael slid his glasses off with steady hands. “Why not aim the gun at me and pull the trigger again?”
“Wrong question, little priest.”
“Ah! I remember,” he said with a nod. “The question is who.”
“Bingo!”
Right after Ismael’s took a step forward, the Skull shot at the air.
An uncanny silence followed the loud bang.
“Do you know what’s the problem with stray bullets?” the priest asked. “They lack purpose. A bullet inside a barrel is a promise of equality. That terrifies people: realizing that, no matter who you think you are, life doesn’t mean much. A bullet knows this. However, you fail to understand this. You use them to threaten someone who’s seen the truth.”
“What the fuck are you saying?”
Ismael took another step forward. “I’m not afraid to die but—” 
The next shot hit the ground beside the priest’s foot.
“Sorry.” Dark Skull pressed his free hand to his chest, mockingly aghast. “Did I interrupt you? My gun feels very chatty too.”
“You won’t harm me.”
“We won’t kill you, but we don’t need you in one piece either. You’re not going anywhere until you answer the question.”
For a helpless second the priest thought Dark Skull would kidnap him, but soon after the unmistakable wailing of a siren grew louder in the distance, and the masked man backed away, disappearing into the blackness of the night.
Ismael stood there, motionless until the flashing red lights on a police car caught his attention. When he finally moved, he tore the Departure Tax ticket to bits and stared at the Bolívares Fuertes he’d given to the driver floating in the fresh puddle of blood, stained and useless.
‘I found myself within a forest dark, for the straightforward pathway had been lost.’
A MESSAGE FROM A HIDDEN CELL PHONE
I’ll escape tonight.
Don’t blame yourself for it, I’m making this decision on my own.
It’s been hard. Really hard. But it’s not like I haven’t made any friends here. There’s this one guy that calls me ‘Marcelino’ because of an old Spanish movie. He’s alright.
Anyway, I’m not even sure this message will get to you, but at least I had to try.
And I tried —cross my heart and hope to die.
CHAPTER 22
27 HOURS AND 15 MINUTES AGO
As Abraham made a right onto Río Turbio street, his face flushed with anger. 
Driving, something that would often help him clear his mind and outrun his worries, was souring his mood further. By the time they’d driven past the poorly lit town square twice in less than an hour, he could no longer stand the texture of his white polyester shirt plastered with sweat against his chest. Even though he’d floored the gas pedal since turning on the ignition, and the car windows were down, the night air had done little to lessen the suffocating heat.
Born and raised in San Isidro, he was more than used to this sauna-like weather. That wasn’t what bothered him. Not really. What troubled him was Ismael. Despite the hellish temperature, in spite of the tragedy he’d lived through tonight, there was not a drop of sweat on the priest’s forehead nor a trickle of fear on his face.
He’s quiet as a cavern, Abraham thought, remembering his unpleasant experience at the Guácharo Cave National Park more than a decade ago.
The priest hadn’t said a word since Abe had picked him up at the police station an hour ago, but when he finally spoke, Abraham quickly realized he would have preferred his friend to remain silent all night long.
“Abe, who is the Mime King?”
Right after hearing the question, the chief of police gripped the steering wheel so hard his knuckles turned white and, without letting the speedometer needle drop a millimeter, made a sharp U-turn. The crunch of gravel startled a barking dog in a nearby alley.
“Dammit! That’s it, Ismael. We are leaving.”
“Abraham, where are you taking me?”
The priest’s voice was dull but hostile.
“Maybe the bishop was right. Maybe you should stay with the nuns.”
For the first time since they had gotten into the car, Ismael looked at him and said, “No. He isn’t. Let’s go home.”
“Why? So you can make my wife cry again?” Abraham took his eyes off the road to glance at him. “Yeah. She called me. Told me all about your little pep talk. You are unbelievable, you know that? After what we’ve been through… I mean. Fuck!” He blew out a breath. “You had to die to bring us together again, man, and this is how you behave after a miracle?”
They drove in silence for a while.
“Perhaps I haven’t been the ideal guest these past few days,” the priest admitted.
“You think?” A smile of disbelief crossed his lips. “We are supposed to be a family, man. When you woke up, I thought it was an act of God, but… Come on, Ismael! I don’t know what to do with you anymore.”
Complaining was not something that came easily to Abe. His parents had raised him to be a man, and men didn’t whine. Regardless of his beliefs, nothing in his upbringing had prepared him for Ismael’s behavior since they left the hospital.
Weeks ago, Abraham had prayed every night for Ismael to come out of his coma. He had dreamed of having his old friend back home, the same guy who told dad jokes and used to smoke an occasional cigar with him while watching Sunday afternoon baseball games. A friend who always supported me whenever an asshole threw shit at my fan. He was sure his compa’s recovery would be hard, but worth it; an ordeal they would endure together, like they’d done so many times before, only to come out stronger afterward.
Now, however, Abe feared Ismael wasn’t even the same person. The priest looked and sounded just like before, but it wasn’t him.
I’m starting to believe something else returned from the dead wearing his skin.
Since Abraham had been devoting his every waking hour to hunting down the Skulls, it had taken him days to notice what Marta had been warning him about from the start: Ismael’s behavior was rather odd.
“That weird smile of his is locked in place, and he doesn’t seem to sleep at all.” Those were Marta’s words. If he were to believe his wife, and there was no reason not to, come nightfall, the priest would sit still on the edge of the bed, lights off, grinning his crazy grin until sunlight filtered through the curtains. 
The few times Ismael had spoken to them, he’d said the strangest things (‘If you could coil your body and pleasure yourself orally, would you swallow your own cum?’) and, when either Abe or Marta had tried to start a conversation with him, he’d grow bored with them in seconds and walk away, leaving them alone in mid-sentence.
More than once during lunch, after a single bite, he’d spit out his food right there and then, leaving the table and throwing whatever was on his plate in the trash can, claiming he wouldn’t waste his hunger on bland crap.
What had happened to that Ismael who’d cried on his shoulder when he found out about Marcelo’s suicide? Where was the friend with whom he had shared laughs watching Radio Rochela on those tedious Monday nights of years past?
“Abraham, you don’t understand,” said the priest.
“Then help me understand.”
“To do that, you’d have to die first.”
 “You can’t talk crazy and expect me to let you stay under my roof!” Abe hit the steering wheel. “You’re driving Marta insane, and she’s had enough with everything else we’ve gone through.”
“You pretend this has to do with her.” The priest gave him a cold, calculating look. “But I only had to ask about the Mime King once before you decided to hand me over to the bishop.” A pause. “Why? What do the Skulls want with me? Is it because of them that you wanted me to stay with you? To protect me?” He fixed his glasses on his nose. “Or perhaps to use me as bait?”
“Don’t be ridiculous.”
“Did you know the Skulls had been vandalizing the church for weeks before the fire?”
“You are being paranoid, Ismael.”
“Am I?”
“Yes.”
“You are hiding something.”
“No, I am not.”
“Tell me the truth! Why are the Skulls obsessed with me?”
“They are not. It’s not a personal vendetta! They are not just targeting you.”
“Not just me, then. Are they after someone else?”
The priest’s expression revealed that they were both thinking the same thing: Abraham had let on too much.
“That’s… classified.”
“Bullshit.”
Stunned at being so bluntly called on his bluff, Abraham clenched his teeth to prevent any more information from slipping through.
“I’m not at liberty to share that information.”
“Desperation will break your shackles, compadre.”
“Ismael, for God’s sake! Who talks like that? Do you even hear yourself?”
They both remained silent for a few more blocks.
“I got a calling,” the priest admitted. “It’s clear what I must do, and it won’t happen while trapped in this déjà vu. I have to leave San Isidro.”
“Right!” said Abraham. “You can’t stay. That’s why I’ll drive you to the nuns. They will look after you.”
“They won’t let me go unless I answer their question.”
“Wait. What? Who is ‘they’? Who are you talking about? The Skulls?”
“Besides, you cannot take me to the Daughters. Don’t you understand the bishop hates us because of our sins?” His glasses flickered as they passed a streetlight. “And after what happened tonight gets on tomorrow’s front pages, he’ll make sure drugs run through my veins like a river. I’ll be a zombie.”
“They won’t do that.” Abe ran a hand over his balding head, his voice lacking certainty as the car slowed down. “They are God-fearing people.”
“You said we are family,” Ismael reminded him. “If you do this, you might as well point your gun at me and squeeze the trigger.”
“Don’t be dramatic.”
“You cannot do this.”
“What I can’t do is leave you alone.” Abraham sighed in defeat. “Sometimes we have to swallow our pride and ask for help, even if it means dealing with an egomaniac in a cassock like Bishop López.”
“Pull over, or I’ll jump out.”
“No, you won’t.”
“Fine.”
A second later, in one swift movement, Ismael opened the door and jumped out of the moving Malibu. His body hit the pavement hard and rolled down the street.
Dear God!
Abraham stomped on the brake. The wheels gave off a foul smell of burning rubber as the car skidded to a halt.
“You okay?” Abraham asked without thinking, running towards the priest.
Ismael straightened his broken glasses and got up, holding his right side. He had a bloody scratch on his left elbow, and his ripped pants were stained with puddle water. Other than those wounds, he seemed unscathed; something Abe found miraculous.
“Never take my word in vain,” said the priest.
Abraham frowned. The disbelief on his face was turning into rage.
“Are you insane?”
“No,” he replied. “Saner than ever, and that’s the problem.”
“Good God, man!” Abe raised his arms. “You almost died of a heart attack, and now you’re giving me one. Is that what you want?”
“No.”
“Okay, what do you want?”
“Freedom.”
“What the hell does that mean?” Abraham clenched his jaw. “No. You know what? Don’t tell me.”
A part of him still hoped the doctors were wrong, that Marta had lied to him, that his instincts were off. His compadre was indeed better, at least physically. But now, after these antics, the only choice left was to commit him to a mental institution—something Abe would have to hide from the priest for as long as possible.
There’s no doubt he will put lives at risk if he suspects me. I have to calm him down first, Abe realized. Do whatever it takes to reassure him.
 Before he picked Ismael up earlier that night, Abraham had already called the bishop and agreed that someone would come to fetch Ismael the next day. 
I must hold on until he’s in more capable hands than mine.
Abraham gaped at his friend for a while, and then returned to his car, looked for a cell phone in the glove compartment (the same one he’d given to certain police officers in special situations) and hung it about Ismael’s neck.
“Perhaps you misunderstand what a calling is.”
“First, that’s a terrible joke.” Abe tightened the woven nylon strap that secured the device around the priest’s collar. Had that quip been proof his friend was still in there somewhere? “Second, if you want to stay with us, you’ll keep this on you at all times. Remove it, stick your head outside the bedroom window, and I’ll know. Do anything to it over the next twenty-four hours and…”
“You will know. Got it. I’m grounded.”
“I’m doing this for your own good. Now, let’s go home.”
“Thanks, compadre.” Ismael’s smile sent a chill ripping through Abraham. “You won’t regret this.”
CHAPTER 23
12 YEARS AGO
Why was his wife wearing long sleeves in such hot weather? Abraham slid the curtain aside for a moment and squinted at the fierce afternoon sun outside his barred porch window.
“It is a sauna in here,” Abe complained. “You’ll pass out in that outfit.”
“Open the front door then,” Marta replied while setting the table.
“Are you crazy?” He checked his wristwatch. “Protesters are going to march along the main avenue any second now. I don’t want to hear any more about that. It’s depressing.”
“Soccer tournaments are no replacement for soap operas.” His wife’s hands pressed the white tablecloth smooth, flattening out even the slightest creases.
For no apparent reason, Abraham became as still as the world outside, lost to the sound of the swinging pendulum of their grandfather clock on the dining-room wall. Only then did he realize what his wife had just said.
“What? No. This is not about Radio Caracas. It’s that damn referendum.”
“Right.” She walked towards her husband. “By the way, this is my Sunday church dress.” And kissed him on the forehead. “After almost twenty years of marriage, you ought to know that.”
“After two decades you should be happy I still notice what you wear.”
“That’s it, mister! No dessert for you.”
“Is that so?”
She nodded, and they came together in a kiss. It wasn’t passionate, but their lips fit together perfectly, just as they always had since that first time before a Venezuelan History test in the seventh grade.
“You are sweaty,” she said.
“I said it was a sauna, didn’t I?”
She gave him a little tap on the chest and headed back to the kitchen.
“Let me keep an eye on the black beans.”
Soon the salty smell of lunch cooking floated around the house, and Abe’s mouth watered at the prospect of a spoonful of hot rice and minced meat. With a hint of Tabasco—Oh yes! The thought of the exploding flavors was too much for him. Although he hated behaving like the husbands from those old American sitcoms that used to air on Channel 4, hunger clouded his better judgment, and he found himself asking the most banal question any husband could ask.
“Honey, is the food ready?”
Marta poked her head into the living room and scolded him with a playful look of reproach. “Just go fetch your daughter, Mr. Flintstone.”
“I get no respect in my house,” Abraham joked as he walked to the patio. Surely their baby girl would be reading under the shade of the hawthorn tree. “Ofelia?”
She was not there, or in any other bedroom.
That’s weird.
“Honey, have you seen Ofelia?”
“What?” his wife asked from the kitchen.
“Baby,” Abraham knocked on the bathroom door. “Are you in here?” His ears, now aware of every sound, made out the distant chants of the protesters. “Hello?” He turned the knob and peeked inside to find no one there.
“You know what’s funny,” Marta said, plating the pabellón without turning to see Abe when he arrived at the kitchen. “You noticed my long sleeves but not that the neighbor’s roosters have stopped crowing at the break of dawn. You complained every day about them for years.” She turned to give him his plate.
“Maybe they ran away with Doña Josefa’s dog across the border.”
Marta’s brows shot up. “Is Laika missing?” 
“Or it’s the animal Rapture.”
“Funny. You can tell Ismael’s rubbing off on you because that was a terrible joke.” She tilted her head to see past her husband. “Where’s Ofelia?”
“That’s what I’d like to know.”
Her face dropped.
“But her lunch.”
“Does she do this often?” Abraham folded his arms. “When I’m not around. Leave the house without asking for permission?”
“This wouldn’t have happened if she had a cellphone.”
“I am not buying a seven-year-old one of those damn things,” he said, anger simmering under his skin. “You think because this is San Isidro, and nothing ever happens here, you can let her go outside on her own. I’m telling you, it’s not safe out there. Not like when we were kids.”
“I don’t—” Marta swallowed hard; eyes glued to the floor. “But—she’s so mature for her age. She goes alone to the church to borrow puzzles and books from Ismael. It’s less than four blocks away.”
Great. Lunch would have to wait.
“Do not let this happen again,” he told his wife before heading out the door.
The sky was blue, and the sun shone high above, but the air carried with it the odor of wet dirt that precedes rain. Just like the dissidents’ march, a storm was drawing nearer and nearer to their house. He’d lived long enough in this town to recognize what a little gray on the horizon meant.
CHAPTER 24
24 HOURS AGO
Dawn came with the crowing of roosters, and Ismael simpered at how cliché this was. Flanked by a cockroach-infested repair shop and a gargantuan house where the neighbors raised gamecocks for a living, the Pérezes’ home was the perfect example of why he loathed San Isidro. I’m beset by creeping insects and animals bred to kill each other for entertainment. That thought didn’t dampen his spirits like before, however. This time, as he watched the night fade into sunrise through his barred bedroom window, his doubts also faded away.
“We all sin and fall short of the glory of God,” he whispered to himself, ignoring the pain of his wounds. “And that includes you, Abe.”
Ismael knew Abraham had lied to him. The bishop would never allow him to stay there after last night’s shooting. Did you already make a deal with him, compa? Regardless, it was a matter of hours before the church’s henchmen came for him. He had to count the clock among his enemies now. If they get their hands on me, I’ll be their captive forever — a shameful, dirty secret hidden from everyone.
He wasn’t about to let that happen. Alas, neither would the Mime King. Ismael was sure the Skulls would even dare to rain fire at a car full of priests in broad daylight if that meant keeping him trapped in San Isidro. They would not allow him to leave. They had a plan for him.
But why? Why me?
Ismael tried to open the inner gate to the patio, but just like the front door, it was locked. This effort hurt his bruised ribs so severely that the world flashed white for a second.
“Come on! Think!”
While neither Marta nor Abraham was there, their absence did not benefit him; he was still a prisoner. Now my jailer is this stupid phone. The cell phone lanyard, tied in a Y, was so tight around his neck that it had almost torn the skin through when he attempted to break it; not that another cut would have made that much of a difference on his already banged-up body.
“Empty,” the priest said after opening the last kitchen drawer. “No knives, no scissors, nothing. If I can’t take this piece of crap off, I can’t set foot outside. But maybe that’s a blessing in disguise.” Ismael held his gaze on the office at the end of the patio. “I have to get in there.”
The priest was starting to believe answers awaited him there, especially to the incessant question the Skulls had been asking him. When I mentioned the Mime King to Abe, his first reaction was to drive me far from here. His mind raced, planning his next move. That could only mean truths are lying in there.
“I know you, compadre,” Ismael looked at the glass-top butterfly display cases. “You like your cars, your dead things. You are a hoarder. There’s got to be something in there that can help me learn more about the truth.” Finding any keys or anything that could pick a lock proved to be as futile as everything else he’d tried that morning. Then, the wood grandfather clock against the dining-room wall chimed seven times. “Goddammit!”
Dread in his belly, Ismael had that feeling of being watched. A muffled sound, loud in the silence that followed the chimes, made him turn around. Footsteps? Before he could move to investigate, an eerie lullaby-like ringtone started playing on the phone hanging over his chest. The priest gaped at the screen until curiosity overcame him and he answered the phone. Whose blocked number was that?
“Hello? Who’s this?”
“Goddammit? Tsk, tsk, tsk. A priest shouldn’t curse.”
Despite not having talked to her in years, he recognized that velvety voice at once.
“Ofelia?”
“Bless me, godfather.”
A frown creased Ismael’s brow as his eyes darted around, looking for his goddaughter. Did she hear me curse? That’s impossible. The hallway where he stood was empty. The only bathroom was to his right, its door ajar. He pushed it open without making a noise. Nothing. Marta and Abraham’s bedroom was on the left, their bedside lamp still on. No one’s here either.
“Where are you?”
“In Miami. That is if you believe the photoshopped pictures on my Instagram.”
“You are in Venezuela?”
“Maybe I never left.”
“Where are you?” 
He retraced his steps down the corridor to his room and then past the mahogany china cabinet by the narrow kitchen archway.
“Where you want to be,” she giggled, taunting him. “I’m outside. Come out and play!”
This call proved Ofelia had been there a moment ago and yet, from what he could tell, she’d left no trace behind her; every piece of worn-out baroque furniture untouched, every ugly Swarovski ornament in the same place, every bit of—Wait a second! There was a phone, identical to his, on the kitchen countertop that hadn’t been there before.
“Can’t. I’m locked in here,” he said.
“Are you?” 
Ismael spun around and headed back to the living room, limping a little. Unlike before, the main door was open, letting the bright morning sunlight stream inside. 
“Won’t you come with me?”
“I can’t.”
“Sure you can,” Ofelia insisted. “I messed with your GPS tracking. Don’t worry; they’ll think you are in the house. That’s why I brought another phone of the same model you have. To trick them.”
“How are you doing this?”
“Abraham has his tricks, and I have mine.”
“Your mom and dad will be here any second.”
“Nope. Marta majored in Denial and has a Master’s Degree in Avoiding Conflict, and after you stabbed her fragile ego with your sharp tongue last night, she’ll be back as late as possible. And good ol’ Abe, well, let’s say I am sure he’ll be busy today.”
Ismael couldn’t fathom how she knew all this.
“Where are you?”
“No. That’s not the right question.”
At last, since he woke up weeks ago, a crack appeared in Ismael’s self-possession, and his locked-in-place smile faltered. 
“Who?” he ventured to ask.
“Bingo!” Ofelia said. “That’s the question the King wants you to answer. Now, follow me. The clock is ticking faster.”
FROM THE PRIEST’S JOURNAL
Marcelo’s gotten so much better at playing chess. The kid has a real talent for it. Today he took me by surprise, and I had to stalemate him. He didn’t understand what I had done at first, so I had to explain to him how I had forced him into a draw. (I told him my king was not in check and I had no other legal moves left to make).
Instead of getting upset, he smiled and wanted a rematch. What a marvelous kid. 
We would have played again, but then Ofelia arrived. 
I hope Abe never finds out that there’s something in her voice, in her eyes that… Maybe I shouldn’t write this down. 
She makes me feel…
CHAPTER 25
23 HOURS AND 50 MINUTES AGO
Ismael headed out the door and followed Ofelia, always keeping at least thirty feet between them, as she’d told him. At no point did they disconnect the call, but they remained silent until they reached their destination several blocks away.
The liquor store near the terminal?
The neon signboard above the store was lifeless. Covered with posters of women in bikinis licking beer cans and aged by black smog stains, the chipped facade looked as dirty as the sidewalk-turned-ashtray in front of it. 
Behind the gated porch, the owners of the house had transformed the entrance into a storefront with a few aluminum shelves displaying rum and anisette bottles next to two wide countertop refrigerators with hinged glass doors. 
On the wood counter in the middle, there was a small figurine of Saint Michael the Archangel alongside a plastic Chinese lucky cat, and above them, a sign that read: “Smoking Kills.”
What are we doing here?
“Come through the back door,” said his goddaughter before hanging up.
Ismael circled to the rear of the establishment, the pain still pulsing through his ribs and elbow. The loud barking of a chained Rottweiler welcomed him as he crossed the gate to the backyard. Drool dripped off the beast’s fangs as it stood on its hind legs, desperate to attack.
After the hellhound, the next thing the priest noticed was the stink. Even though he hadn’t set foot inside the place, it was easy to tell the air was heavy with the rancid stench from the empty beer bottles, piled in plastic Polar cases. It was a struggle to keep himself from burying his nose in the crook of his arm.
“Ofelia?” he asked, walking into the back room where they most likely stored their goods. His eyes had not yet grown accustomed to the gloom when he felt something metallic and hard pressing against his temple, accompanied by the unmistakable hammer click of someone cocking a gun. For the second time in less than twenty-four hours, he raised his hands in surrender at gunpoint.
“This was not the plan,” the young man holding the pistol complained. It was the same droopy-eyed teenager Ismael had seen last night working there on his way to the terminal.
“Want to make God laugh?” Ofelia turned on the light. “Then tell him your plans.” She was still thin and bony, but not as scrawny as she’d been as a child. “Put the gun down, Jeremías. I don’t trust your good judgment when you are sober, much less when you’re coked out of orbit.”
Jeremías wiped off a trickle of blood coming out of his beaked nose and did as she told him.
Ismael frowned as some pieces of the puzzle fell into place in his mind. “You two were the Skulls who threatened me at the sacristy.”
“We are legion,” Ofelia said, pulling her inky hair into a ponytail.
The priest peered about the room. Amidst the towers of blue beer cases and piles of cigarette and candy boxes, there was a table cluttered with black clothes, three skull masks, and four ammo stocks. This can’t be their hideout. Perhaps they meet— Jeremías pushed him before he could finish studying his surroundings.
“What happened to you? Did someone beat you up, little priest?”
“I jumped out of a moving car.”
“Whatever. I don’t care. You are taking too long to answer the question.” The teenager’s pupils were so big they almost engulfed the dirty brown color of his irises completely. “We will force you to—”
“Shut up!” Ofelia shouted. Looking at her pale, delicate features, no one would have thought her voice could be so commanding.
“Fine. I won’t ruin the surprise.” Dropping the bluster, Jeremías flicked his new Zippo open to heat a metal spoon he’d pulled out from his back pocket. “You’ll see. Once Luz gets here—”
“Quiet,” she said.
“But my sister—”
“Shut the hell up!”
“What’s the big deal?” Jeremías clenched his hand into a fist to find the green trace of a vein beneath the skin of his pincushion forearm. “I’m just saying he’s a walking corpse.”
“That I am,” Ismael agreed. “However, here I am, enjoying the only afterlife there is.”
“Don’t worry, godfather. No one will harm you for now.” She turned to Jeremías. “Isn’t that right?”
“Yeah. That’s what I told him last night.”
The young man let out a loud snort, scratched his scaly neck, and lay down on a filthy mattress on the floor. Ismael chuckled after Jeremías injected himself with a generous dose of heroin and left his Glock G19 next to several used syringes.
“What a reliable guy.”
“His devotion is what matters,” said Ofelia.
The priest smirked. Now that no one was pointing a gun at him, he noticed a small video camera on a tripod to his right. For an instant, he became alarmed. Any further evidence of this mess would be another shackle holding him in place. He stepped closer to it. Unplugged and with no visible blinking lights anywhere, the camcorder seemed to be off.
“Don’t touch that, little priest,” Jeremías warned him, before slipping away into sleep again. Ismael removed his hand from the device.
“Do you know why you are here, godfather?”
“Time,” he replied.
She nodded. “The tick-tock of the clock is against you.”
“Chronos is everyone’s enemy.” He pointed at the kid rolling his eyes and drooling in ecstasy. “Regardless of what you do to hide from him.”
“The bishop’s minions are on his way,” said Ofelia. “And Abraham—”
“Your father.”
Her cold gaze pierced him. “I do not have a father.”
“You hate him that much?”
“I’ll never speak to him again while I’m alive.” She waved her hand to dismiss the subject. “But that’s irrelevant. His reckoning is coming too. Not today, but soon.”
“So I am not the only one you are harassing?”
“Don’t flatter yourself. You are but the first of many. We have big plans. There are countless Venezuelans who are long overdue in paying for their sins, and His Majesty will help us collect their debts. That’s why we are legion.”
“A drug addict and a brat are hardly anything. Abe is sniffing you out—your gang is on a tight deadline too.”
“I admit he’s getting closer to the king, and that is problematic.”
“Great! I’ll deal with the bishop myself, and once His Majesty is in a crumbling prison cell with sixty other inmates, I will enjoy my freedom.”
“Delusional much? That option was never on the table. You sealed your fate years ago,” said Ofelia. “As long as there is one of us free, the rivers of blood won’t ever run dry. The driver at the terminal was just another headstone paving our way. Anyone who tries to get you out of San Isidro will end up on the obituary page. However, I’d like to avoid cleaning up that mess.”
Ismael raised his eyebrows and whistled. “Why should I care about other people’s epitaphs?” he asked. “In fact, your threat hides plenty of opportunities for me.”
“Perhaps,” Ofelia nodded. “But are you willing to bet your right arm on it? I can’t promise that the others will be as merciful to you as I am.”
“I thought your king wanted me alive.”
“We told you. Alive, yes. Unharmed?” She shrugged, letting her words hang in the air.
‘We are not killing you, but we don’t need you in one piece either.’ That’s what Jeremías had told him last night. Their message was clear.
“Shall we speed things up, then?” she insisted.
Ismael paced from left to right, weighing his options. While his instincts to run had returned, the more rational part of him concluded there was some truth to what Ofelia was telling him. Maybe she was the sole reason all of his limbs were still attached to his body. I know what Héctor wants to do with me, but what is the Mime King’s plan? Can I make my enemies destroy each other? He needed more information. As long as the mime’s identity and machinations remained a mystery, he was at a severe disadvantage. I need answers if I am to live through the day.
“The bishop, the king, Abe… No matter who wins, I lose. What could I gain from ‘speeding things up’? Why should I bother playing your game if we already know the final score?”
“Because you love puzzles. And if you don’t hurry, you will never find all the pieces.”
The priest burst into laughter.
“What is your goal here, kiddo?”
“To help you with the edges.”
She showed him a key and Ismael frowned until something clicked in his brain.
“The room under the hawthorn. I was right! Abe is hiding something there about the Mime King, isn’t he?”
“Abe’s secrets,” Ofelia nodded. “The answer to the question.”
As soon as the priest made a move to take the key, she pulled it back from his grasp, closing her fist. 
“Ah-ah.” She wagged her index finger at him. “Quid pro quo, godfather. There’s something I need from you.”
“That’s the wrong expression,” Ismael said, looking down at Jeremías. There was saliva all over his sparse beard, and his eyelids twitched in a restless dream. “What you meant to say was, In articulo mortis.” 
Then the priest saw it in Ofelia’s eyes; they both knew what was about to happen. She remembered her Latin all too well.
“It means that those who are about to die…” He paused for a moment. “Speak the truth.”
His aching body hurt all at once when he lunged for the pistol next to the mattress.
Ofelia’s face turned white. Almost not reacting in time, she pushed him with all her strength and sent him tumbling onto his back. Her fingers brushed the grip of the Glock as the priest, on his knees and forearms, tugged at her leg and pulled her down to his level. She spun her body around as fast as she could and kicked him on the chin.
The blow dazed him, but Ismael fell on her and pinned down her arms. His goddaughter tried to break free. Both of their breathing quickened and grew desperate, turning into gasps, until he plunged his fist into her stomach and grabbed the gun.
CHAPTER 26
23 HOURS AND 25 MINUTES AGO
“Why play your game? When you can give me the answer! You know the truth.” 
Still on top of her, overpowering her with the weight of his torso, Ismael sank the barrel of the handgun into Ofelia’s mouth as she coughed from the punch. “Who?! Tell me who the Mime King is!”
Even now, panting from the effort of the fight, Ofelia tried to smirk until a wicked glimmer appeared in her big eyes. After a soft moan, she licked the pistol, drawing slow circles with her tongue around the long metal barrel. Her lips squeezed the Glock G19, sucking the tip of the firearm as if expecting it to ejaculate something luscious. She let go of the key, brought her hand between the priest’s legs, and rubbed his crotch with her expert fingers.
“Stop it!” Ismael took the gun out of her mouth and pressed it against her forehead. “What are you doing?”
“Whatever it takes.”
In an unexpected move, his goddaughter buried one of the heroin syringes lying near them into his neck. His hand shot to where it stung, but it was too late.
“Dammit! You little…”
First, Ismael experienced something akin to panic, but instead of the cold paleness that comes with fear, he noticed his skin warmed in a sudden flush. Am I going to collapse? He became aware of every inch of his body, prepared to fight the effects of the drug to stay awake, but neither drowsiness nor heaviness overtook him. What’s happening to me? He wondered before realizing he had nothing to fret about anymore. Every ache he’d endured after jumping out of Abe’s car, every worry that had plagued his mind with uncertainties after the heart attack were no more. They all dissolved in a sea of joy.
Everything was just heavenly.
Blood rushed to his growing with each of her soft strokes, swelling his veins, engorging his sex almost to the bursting point. Ismael was as hard as a tree trunk, and his goddaughter was, oh, so beautiful. Her hazel eyes were closed, but he remembered them to the last detail — eyes of innocent lust. Her sweat smelled of grapes and lilies, and the tattoo of a butterfly taking flight on her neck had him mesmerized. He did not know why, but his urge to lick it was like nothing he’d ever felt before.
Now Ofelia pressed her lips against his. Did I kiss her first? He was not sure. The sweet taste of her tongue mingled with the sudden certainty that everything in the world was fine. Not a single thing existed but this perfect little moment.
He was happy.
Ismael pushed her legs open and pulled down his pants. Ofelia’s eyes widened as her godfather buried himself deep within her. As he trembled all over, his hips thrust forward with violent abandon, penetrating her deeper and deeper as she dug her nails into his back.
Even the pain was delicious.
To his left, Jeremías also moved in a spasm. The boy opened his mouth and coughed, vomiting something foul all over his face; his body trembled, desperate for air. He is choking, Ismael realized, uncaring. Nothing mattered except for the pleasure melting the world around him.
Everything was just heavenly.
CHAPTER 27
6 YEARS AGO
Marcelo wanted to hold his mother’s hand to comfort her but knew better than to try. He was a big boy now. No. Not a big boy, a young man. Thirteen years old as of last week. Amazing, right? No longer a child but a teenager. If his stepfather, Anibal, weren’t around, he would be the man of the house. But he is around. Always.
Besides, even if Marcelo decided to comfort his mom, he still wouldn’t have been able to do it. Not when he had to carry a full case of beer all the way home. Because God forbid my stepdad gets thirsty. He cut off that line of thought, knowing better than to get angry at Anibal.
“Is it too late?” his mother asked. “It is, isn’t it? Oh, Lord!”
“No, mommy.”
“Don’t call me that!” she scolded him in a harsh whisper. “You know he doesn’t want you doing that anymore.”
Right. He swallowed his shame without daring to say anything else. He ordered me to use my mother’s first name: Emilia. In his latest effort to chisel away the boy’s weaknesses, Anibal had made it clear that Marcelo was too much of a mama’s boy, something that needed to change if he were to become a man like him.
That’s fine. I’ll call her whatever he wants me to, Marcelo decided as he took a deep breath, letting the memory of the awful, musty whiff from the water tank come to him—almost feeling it go down his nostrils and throat. As long as I don’t end up in the Dark Place, I can handle his ‘tough love.’
That’s what Anibal called tough love. “I’d never lay a finger on you unless you deserved it,” he would tell Marcelo and Emilia.
With beads of sweat on his forehead, Marcelo repositioned the beer case higher on his chest, trying to lessen the burning pain of the scratches that the edges of the plastic box had inflicted on his forearms. Man up! We need to hurry. They owe Anibal that much.
His stepdad was working from dawn till dusk in their backyard, taking house appliances apart, removing and fixing spare parts from broken ovens and washing machines to sell them again for profit. A lucrative endeavor, no doubt, because clients were coming in and out of their garage twenty-four seven. 
Besides, since Anibal had been a part of their lives, going to bed with an empty stomach was a thing of the past. Yes, even though Marcelo had never received a single Bolívar Fuerte from him, the truth was his stepfather brought home the dough.
And he made Emilia smile, too. Finally, a man that sticks around, the kid overheard his mom saying once to a friend from her work. And what a man!
Thinking of this hollowed out Marcelo’s chest. There was a strange disconnect between his heart and his mind when it came to the dynamics of his home. Sure, his stepfather was quick to lose his temper, but when he did, there was a good reason. It’s not like he asks for much, and he does make my mom—Marcelo corrected himself. He makes Emilia happy… When she’s not afraid, anyway.
That’s why he wanted to hold her hand. She seemed frightened. As a counter clerk at the biggest bakery on La Independencia Avenue, Emilia didn’t have any free time on her hands. Her nine-to-five was more like nine-to-never-around, with a busy Saturday here and there, and an even busier Sunday once a month. It was a soul-sucking job according to her own words, as Marcelo once heard her confess to Father Ismael at church, but it made getting three meals a day on the table that much easier.
Ever since finding basic supplies—like sugar and Harina P.A.N.—had become an ordeal in Venezuela, she cherished her connections to food distributors the same way a dragon of legends would cherish his pile of gold.
The problem was her job meant the twenty-four hours of the day weren’t enough to ‘take care of her man,’ as Anibal used to complain. Something he hadn’t brought up in the last few months, now that Marcelo stopped to think about it.
“He’s cheating on your mom,” Ofelia had told Marcelo a week ago in that aloof way that came naturally to her. Perhaps she’s right. He glanced at his mother as she hurried down the street, carrying the groceries. But if he is, it can’t be my mom’s fault. She is good to him. Was it me? Did a piss him off enough to force him into finding a better family?
“What time is it?” Emilia asked him again.
His mom wore a Hello-Kitty watch, but she was holding several plastic grocery bags in each hand that made it impossible for her to lift her arm and glimpse at her wristwatch. If she did, the bags might tear open, spilling their contents on the dark backstreet.
Geez, look at her fingertips. They are purple!
“Want m-me to carry those?” Marcelo asked her, although he was well aware he couldn’t handle the grocery bags while also dealing with the beer case clunking between his arms. Not to say anything of the heavy book bag slung over his shoulder.
“It’s so late,” Emilia said, and her walk changed to a lope. 
For her round figure, not unlike the Venus of Willendorf (as Ofelia had pointed out once, displaying her customary lack of tact), Emilia moved fast. And she had stamina, too. However, before long, the sound of her hard breathing was louder than the buzzing of the cars coming from the nearest avenue.
Almost there.
As usual, the sewage-like stench from the underground water tank—mixed with the repair-shop smell of lubricating oil, sour body odor, and cigarettes—greeted them once they were close enough to their home.
“Honey, we’re here!” Emilia said as they walked through the garage door and onto their semi-roofed patio, something they avoided doing almost always since it was Anibal’s place of work. However, when they did the groceries, it was easier to access an entrance that remained open all day long instead of going around the block and turning the key in the front door just to go to the kitchen all the way at the rear of the house.
“Goddammit!” Anibal shouted, shaking the pain off his right hand as a rusty adjustable wrench clanked on the floor. Without so much as a glance in their direction, he kicked the stripped-down dryer that was making his life oh-so-difficult. 
But at least he’s not swinging at it. Marcelo noticed the grip and knob of his stepfather’s old baseball bat sticking out of the washing machine’s drum to his left. So he can’t be that upset we are late, right?
“Well, well. Look who decided to show up.”
“Sorry, honey. I know. We had to go to three grocery stores to find everything we needed.” Her nervous smile faded at once. “Anyway, if it weren’t for Mr. Aguilar, we wouldn’t have any toilet paper.”
To remain invisible, Marcelo put the beer case on top of a rusty chest freezer as quietly as possible. Then he stood still among the broken house appliances piled haphazardly all around him. If he could have transformed into another corroded metal scrap in the junkyard that was his patio, he’d have done so without hesitating.
“What good is that job of yours if you can’t get what we need there?” Anibal turned towards them. “Isn’t that why you keep slaving yourself away there instead of looking after your man like a woman should? Do you agree, boy? Mr. Aguilar is taking advantage of her, right? That greedy devil.”
A little scared, Marcelo looked at him for a moment before staring at his own frazzled sneakers.
“How about something nice for dinner?” Emilia asked in a hurry, heading towards the inner gate that led to the back of the house, doing her best to lighten the mood while also changing the subject. “I’ll cook anything you want.”
“I could have gotten us that toilet paper without your boss’s help.” Anibal put a greasy hand on her shoulder. He was a foot taller than her, but she seemed to shrink even further down as he looked down on her. “I have as many contacts as your precious boss, y’know?”
After an uncomfortable beat of silence, she nodded.
“Of course.”
“I’d rather have a plate on my table than having you running around all over town like a headless chicken looking for something to wipe my ass with.”
“I should have known better.” The pain in her fingers must have been unbearable because Emilia winced as she put the grocery bags on the oily floor. “Do you want a beer while I cook you some dinner?”
Anibal’s eyes fixed on the canned goods that spilled out of the bag.
“Maybe a smoke first.”
Despite the weak light coming from the 100-watt bulb hanging from the zinc roof above them, Marcelo saw Emilia’s face go white, and then he realized their mistake, too. How could they have forgotten?
“They only had Consul, and I know you only like Belmont, so…” she said in a single breath.
Instead of shouting, Anibal mumbled something, and this ended up being more menacing than if he’d raised his voice to the top of his lungs.
Before a charged silence could rear his ugly head again, Emilia turned to her son: “Marcelo, don’t just stand there doing nothing. Go to the convenience store and buy your dad a pack of cigarettes.”
“First, you starve me,” Anibal began, ignoring his wife. “Then, you forgot to buy the one thing I wanted?” His grip on her shoulder tightened. “Is that fair?”
“No, dear.” She stifled a sob. “Sorry.”
“I’m breaking my back here for you. All I ask is for a little respect. You never listen. Neither of you.”
“What are you waiting for, Marcelo? Run to the liquor store,” Emilia insisted.
“There’s a big test tomorrow and Ofelia and I—”
“No,” Anibal said. “I asked you to buy my cigarettes because the stores nearby are useless. You may need to go as far as Caracas Avenue to find a pack.” He snapped his fingers. “I know! Why don’t you ask Mr. Aguilar to get them for you since he’s such a good boss and a big man?”
“I won’t be long,” Emilia said, heading out.
Marcelo had not taken more than two steps towards the garage door, following his mother, when a shrill whistle from his stepfather made both of them stop dead. Oh, no. What did I do wrong? Did we forget to buy something else? The kid swallowed hard, feeling his fingertips pulsate with his frantic heartbeat.
“Where do you think you are going?”
“To buy your—”
“Not you. Him!”
Marcelo felt as if someone had painted a target on his chest.
“My m-math test is tomorrow.”
“No, boy. You are staying. I have plans for you.”
CHAPTER 28
11 HOURS AND 20 MINUTES AGO
“Jeremías! Open the fuck up. It’s me.”
Ismael awoke and sat bolt upright, listening to the banging on the metal door. Although all of him ached, the throbbing that hammered down his right arm had come back with a vengeance. Where am I? By the time he recognized his surroundings, the furious barking of the hellhound chained outside had died in a sharp howl of pain.
“Another peep and the vet will have to pull out your balls with pincers,” said the same female voice in a nasty tone. “Stupid dog.”
Who was that? Not his goddaughter, that was for sure. They mentioned they were expecting someone else, what was her name again? Luz or something. With his head spinning, Ismael stared at the screen of his cell phone. Even though he didn’t remember falling asleep, he could tell the clock was not lying. Dusk was about to deepen into night.
“This can’t be,” he grumbled, struggling to get the words out of his parched mouth.
The priest cursed under his breath. Neither the firearm, nor Ofelia, nor the video camera were anywhere to be found. What was there, beside him, was Jeremías’s body; ashen-faced, with his dead unseeing eyes fixed on the ceiling and a dry layer of vomit over his lips and chest. The nauseating stench of shit that permeated the air turned Ismael’s stomach, causing him to spew his insides, too.
“Let me in!” Rather than hitting the dog, Luz must have directed her anger at a beer case outside, as the sound of bottles crashing on the pavement echoed on the other side of the door. “People have complained all day, calling at home and asking me why there’s nobody at the store. We have to maintain appearances!”
Forcing his heavy legs to move, Ismael felt something under the palm of his hand when he tried to get up. I cannot believe it. His goddaughter had left him the key to Abraham’s office. She kept her word. What is your endgame, Ofelia? Why had she given herself to him? Had the king ordered her to do it? It made no sense. It must be a trap, but— The clang, clang, clang of Luz banging on the door startled him again, interrupting his disordered thoughts.
“Jeremías!” the woman shouted. “Are you going to be late for the Gathering again? I’m doing this for you, and now you’re always with that bitch. She’s not good for you. Not like me.” A pause. “Fine! It’s your funeral, then.”
Ismael heard her footsteps followed by the rusty squeak of a gate. There was silence for a few seconds, and then the dog barked again.
The priest waited until everything was quiet once more before daring to leave. To his surprise, the mutt outside just grunted at him as he came out of the storage room; all it cared about was licking the beer puddle among the broken bottles.
She was right, he thought. You are stupid.
Whatever happiness had filled Ismael earlier was long gone.
Before turning at the corner, with fingers that refused to obey him, he fastened the buttons of his shirt after a few failed attempts. “Pull yourself together,” he said, not caring about the breeze that carried with it the scent of rain or the tedious road ahead of him. 
Then it hit him. 
Although the phone was still strapped tight around his neck, he was walking freely through the streets of San Isidro. Was the tracker on the smartphone no longer active? If Ismael made a run for it, could he hide on the outskirts of the town for a few hours? Wait things out? Play for a stalemate? Despite being plagued by doubts, the priest’s pace didn’t waver, and his destination remained unchanged.
Ismael loved puzzles, after all. 
“I need to know.”
Determined to get answers, the only thing that occupied his mind at this point was to go, unseen, into the room in the Pérezes’ patio.
The narrow streets seemed to stretch on forever. The tiredness after the heroin high and the pain caused by his every wound made for an awful combination. None of that, however, was as uncomfortable as the strange sensation of the key in his palm.
When he finally arrived at his destination, the sinking sun had almost disappeared behind thunderous clouds, giving way to the night. 
As expected for a Sunday dusk in San Isidro, he saw no one on the streets except for a few decrepit old people on their porches, watching life pass them by from their rocking chairs, lulled by the sorrowful resignation of their fates.
Ismael peered over his shoulder and then fixed his eyes at the Pérezes’ garage. He walked to it, still expecting something terrible to happen. 
It appears they’re not home, he noticed, and yet that door is open.
While the place was humble and there wasn’t anything of value in there, the garage door looked secure enough. That Ismael found it unlocked could only mean they were either waiting for him, hidden inside, or Ofelia had dropped by beforehand, making his task easier to speed everything up as she’d promised.
You win. Let’s solve your puzzle, kiddo, he told himself, walking in.
His steps seemed loud to him on the patio. The oil stain where his compadre parked the car (near a pair of yellow gas cylinders) had always reminded him of a black skull but never more so than tonight. Above him, the flimsy zinc roof that worked as a carport, which provided shade on hot afternoons and protected the Malibu during the rainy season, rattled in a rising wind.
Slowly, he went across the patio until he reached the room under the hawthorn and turned the key in the lock. The door opened with no problem, but he couldn’t bring himself to cross the threshold.
Whatever the Skulls want me to find is here, he thought. What’s Abraham hiding? And what does it have to do with me?
“Ismael?” Marta asked from behind him.
The priest squeezed his eyelids shut and clenched his fists. How had he not heard her come in? This was his sole chance to get answers! If his compadre was with Abe, there was not much he could do, but if she was alone… 
I’ll have to kill her.
CHAPTER 29
12 HOURS AGO
Bishop López wanted to tear his leather furniture, destroy his mahogany bookshelves, and set fire to the oil painting of Jesus on the cross hanging behind his desk. And if it were possible to get away with murder, he would also crucify the bastard that’d been ruining his life for years. Damn you, Ismael, he thought as his sharp, antique letter opener gutted another envelope, and another, and another. May the wrath of God fall upon you.
A painful splash of red fell on the long-overdue paperwork he needed fill out to misdirect attention from his most recent problem in San Isidro.
“For fuck’s sake!”
The wound on his thumb was deep and, although he wanted to press his lips against it to lessen the bleeding, he refused to succumb to his baser instincts; otherwise, his thick, walrus mustache would become a bloody mess.
“Are you okay, Bishop?” someone asked from the other side of his office door.
“Not now!”
The door opened anyway, and a tall, copper-skinned man with honey-colored eyes walked in, holding a first-aid kit. It was Julian, his deacon.
For a fleeting moment of rage, the bishop considered shouting at him and telling him to get out but, as usual, Julian’s warm smile soothed his soul. How is it possible he knew I’d hurt myself? López wondered, eyeing the first aid kit box the deacon held in his hands. Once more, Julian had anticipated his needs with uncanny precision; on top of being beyond competent in aiding him with his pastoral and administrative duties, the young man had the unusual gift of doing the right thing at the right time. Every time. He’s always there to take care of my every need.
“Don’t worry,” the deacon said, putting on white nitrile gloves. “I’ll clean up this mess.”
It’s incredible what a difference a few months can make, the bishop told himself, unable to remember how things were before Julian came into his life.
When the diocesan diaconate committee brought this applicant to his attention, he could not believe his eyes. This thirty-five-year-old was too good to be true. With a spotless background check and a slew of glowing letters of recommendation, it was as if Julian’s sole purpose on earth was to be a deacon.
López first heard of Julian the year before. He learned of him during a charity event in Caracas when a small-time priest from the capital spoke at length about him. The conversation had been intriguing. The way the priest talked about Julian made it sound like he was an angel sent from Heaven because, after appearing out of nowhere, he’d left his mark on various volunteer programs, bringing nothing but joy to the lives of everyone who met him.
Although the reason Julian wasn’t a priest remained unknown, his tales of helping the sick and the poor had been enough to marvel the local religious community. And those stories were but scratching the surface of his actual deeds, or so the priest from Caracas told the bishop that night.
Whether it was the aura of mystery surrounding Julian or the reverential tone in the priest’s telling, it didn’t matter; this enigmatic man had piqued his curiosity and captured his imagination. Then, not two months later, when the bishop’s path crossed with this angel-on-earth again, he felt blessed: Julian had finished the required formation program to become a deacon and was moving close to San Isidro.
Then, as if to dispel the mirage of the perfect man López had built in his mind, the first time Julian walked into his office, it was clear things had not been going great for him. With a black eye and a fat lower lip (after someone mugged him in front of his new home), the young man didn’t look exactly like the angel sent from above he’d imagined. However, within minutes, the bishop had succumbed to Julian’s charm regardless of his scratches and bruises.
The following days were strange. No matter what the bishop was doing, he found himself thinking more and more of his new deacon. On paper, Julian was the perfect man for the job; in reality, it was the perfect man for him. With effortless beauty, he had an uncanny ability to bring out something in López that he couldn’t describe, something that defied logic.
The bishop soon realized that to fight his feelings would have been like Saint Teresa fighting her encounter with the angel wielding his golden spear. Then, everything changed that evening, months ago, when Julian offered him a neck rub that finished with a timid kiss.
“Ouch!” Sudden pain in his left thumb brought the bishop out of his reverie. He winced twice; first, when the deacon cleaned his wound and then again when the band-aid touched his cut. “God can be swift.”
“What are you talking about?” Julian asked.
“Punishment.”
“Why?”
“‘For from within the hearts of men come evil thoughts…’”
“And sexual immorality,” the deacon said in that velvety tone of his, before twisting his full lips in an inviting smile and kissing the Bishop’s wounded thumb.
“Stop that.”
“I closed the door.”
“Sure?”
With his finger, the deacon drew a cross over his own chest and then his mouth sought the bishop’s throat, not with lust but with love, nuzzling his face against his neck. Always anticipating my every need. Their chests touched, slowing López’s angry heartbeat and bringing him to the edge of tears. Minutes ago, he wanted to burn this place to ashes, and now there wasn’t anywhere else he’d rather be because his friend, his lover, his secret-keeper was holding him tight.
“This is too much,” the bishop confessed. “I can’t deal with all of this alone.”
“You are not alone, and it’s almost over. By tomorrow it will all be behind us.”
“No, it can’t wait anymore. Bring me Ismael.”
“Is this because of the video?”
“What video?”
“Don’t worry about it now.” The deacon nodded and pulled a mobile phone from his back pocket and, staring into the eyes of the bishop, he did as told. “Hi. Yes, it’s me. The clock is ticking faster. Find the priest.”
CHAPTER 30
10 HOURS AND 50 MINUTES AGO
The priest looked over his shoulder. There was nobody there.
“Compadre?” asked Marta again, her voice sounding farther off than Ismael had thought at first. She was not behind him as he’d feared but inside the house, looking for him.
“Dammit,” the priest said, clenching his teeth.
Luckily, Marta hadn’t realized the garage door was open. As soon as she noticed that, or figured out he wasn’t in the room where they’d left him last night, chances were she’d check the backyard, and that would be it.
Maybe I could hide over there, Ismael considered. Wait until she comes out and strangle her with my belt. No, that could give her the chance to scream. He spotted a black river stone by the chained inner gate they must have used as a doorstop and picked it up, satisfied with its weight and size. This will do. A clean hit to the back of her head and— Soon the murmur of another pair of serious voices grew louder in the living room, wrecking his chances of a swift murder. Ofelia did warn me her mother wouldn’t dare to be alone with me again.
“Father Ismael?”
“Those must be the bishop’s minions,” the priest assumed, entering Abe’s office and closing the door behind him as quietly as possible.
“Didn’t you say he was here, ma’am?” asked a man with a hoarse voice.
“We left him here this morning,” Marta floundered, stumbling over her words. “I locked all the doors in the house. There’s no way that… Compadre?”
Chains rattled as she removed the padlock and opened the inner gate. Marta and the two men accompanying her were now on the patio less than a foot away from the priest.
“What’s in this room?” asked the other man with them.
Ismael held his breath and crouched down even more.
“I don’t know. My husband—”
“The garage door is ajar,” said the man with the hoarse voice, interrupting her.
“My God!” Marta slurred her words. “I walked by the house not twenty minutes ago, and it was closed.”
“He can’t be far then.”
Although the priest heard them rush off, he feared the hammering in his chest would be loud enough to give away his hiding spot.
Calm down, he told himself. They are leaving.
Then the cell phone hanging from his neck rang.
Ismael tried desperately to silence it. With fumbling fingers, he stopped the music coming from it as Abraham’s picture on the screen went black. Did they hear it? The priest hesitated for a moment before peeking outside the room. No one was in sight, and he heard but the leaves rustling in the stormy wind.
“That was too close,” he whispered to himself. 
In the office, there was nothing more than an empty click when he flipped the light switch on the wall by the door. It was dead. Night had already plummeted over San Isidro, and the thick veil of clouds above was making the darkness in the office absolute.
“And God said, let there be light,” Ismael pressed a button on the mobile phone to use it as an improvised flashlight until he noticed a little string hanging from the ceiling. “And God saw the light, and it was… weird.”
He pulled the string. After the dangling light bulb had come on, it swung like a pendulum for a few seconds, blinking before it revealed a small, untidy room decorated with racks of wooden specimen drawers holding rows of butterflies pinned under glass.
Every bit of the wall to his left was crammed with stacks of boxes containing documents in manila folders, or covered by corkboards with blurry photos of unfamiliar faces and clips of newspaper articles about The Skulls.
In the center of the office, there was a desk with a yellowed white typewriter on it, beset with piles of papers, documents, scribbled notes, and photographs of forgotten places taken from afar, as well as some books about child psychology.
“‘Show me your faith without deeds, and I will show you my faith by my deeds.’ James 2:18,” Ismael said, reading out loud the framed Bible quote above a padlocked filing cabinet in the back of the room.
The whole place reeked of dust, mustiness, and hidden truths.
Ismael’s eyes devoured every detail of each report he found in plain sight. Many had to do with the homeless and glue-sniffers who had overrun the unfinished buildings in the northern part of the town, such as the ‘ghost’ train station, the abandoned cable company, or the new terminal that never was. As far as he could tell, in those abandoned construction sites it was easier to find a used syringe on the ground than something edible in the trash.
Then, the priest read an article about how the country’s spiraling inflation had fueled both the school dropout and crime rates. A secret to none, most teenagers thought robbery was the best choice to fill their pockets, even though this could mean trading their home addresses for that of the local cemetery before age thirteen.
“How interesting,” mumbled Ismael, looking at the pictures pinned on the cork boards that chronicled how the Skulls’ masks had evolved; there were also a few mugshots of criminals that belonged to the gang. None of them were past their twenties. “And according to this,” he reread the hand-scribbled notes, “Ofelia was not lying about their devotion to their leader. They’d all taken a vow of silence in prison.”
Unaware of how long he’d been in the office, the priest knew everything he’d read so far wouldn’t help him answer the question. Until now, Abraham’s office contained little more than the results of San Isidro’s autopsy, a town that hadn’t noticed its own death.
A glance around the room made him realize that the files he needed had to be under lock-and-key.
“The filing cabinet,” he said.
The priest looked at the river stone he’d accidentally brought inside with him, and concluded he could either be quiet or fast, but not both. After taking a deep breath and casting one last look at the door, he set to work. However, breaking the damn padlock on the wooden filing cabinet took him more strikes than he expected. It was as if the piece of furniture was resisting, fighting back to keep its secrets from being revealed.
“Fuck!”
As the final strike opened it, a few splinters buried in the priest’s fingers like sharp fangs.
Over the next few minutes, Ismael skimmed through the contents of each folder he found, but nothing seemed to shed light on the king’s identity—until the truth hit him in the pit of his stomach. A cadaver had disappeared years ago. The corpse of a suicide victim, the dead body of someone he’d cared for a great deal.
His head was spinning. Not only did he know the Mime King, but he had been responsible for his creation.
The priest had spawned his own demons.
PART THREE
CHAPTER 31
6 YEARS AGO
All of Ismael’s attention was on assembling his gorgeous miniature model of Notre Dame de Paris. 
Beneath the scant light of the ceiling lamp in the sacristy, he glued the pieces together gently, struggling to get out of the way of his own shadow. The day had been sticky and humid, but also peaceful. And while most couldn’t appreciate these sweet moments of quietude, he wasn’t like the rest. He knew them to be a gift, something precious.
His lips stretched in the faintest smile as he said, “A little more…”
Someone pounded on the back door, the one that led to the alley, breaking the silence and souring his good mood. Ismael adjusted his glasses and cast an angry look towards the constant banging. Oh, for heaven’s sake! After the thirteenth frantic knock, it became apparent that ignoring it wouldn’t make it go away.
“Just a moment, please.”
“F-father, it’s me. Marcelo.”
The priest rolled his eyes. He was fond of the boy, something that no one could deny after the number of books he’d lent him (Abe had often compared his compadre’s love for his private library to the love other men feel for women).
And why wouldn’t he care for the kid? They had more things in common than their similar upbringing by single mothers—such as their fondness for playing chess and putting puzzles together. However, every now and then his altar boy failed to understand the concept of ‘Me Time.’
Reluctant to open the door, Ismael dragged his feet as he wondered if the day to replace his altar boy had come. After all, Marcelo had already turned thirteen.
The problem was that finding a substitute, no matter when he did it, would cause a commotion in his congregation. Doña Josefa and most of her group referred to Marcelo as ‘the most pleasant boy in the entire town.’ Not the type to come home with dirty knees after a game of marbles, Marcelo enjoyed quieter hobbies instead, like collecting broken wristwatches and repairing them. He used to say that bringing them back to life, giving them their purpose again, made them special.
His altar boy preferred to spend his afternoons away from home, which did not mean he liked outdoor activities, not by a long shot. He did not find sports, or any physical activity appealing; which, in a country obsessed with baseball, did not make him popular among kids his age. And since his stuttering and scaly skin didn’t help much either, he ended up having no one to hang around with except for Ofelia.
As far as Ismael knew, once they crossed paths in first grade, she took care of Marcelo both in and outside the school, always making sure no bully would lay a finger on him. Since there seemed to be no reason for their friendship, their relationship remained an enigma to most, including Ismael. Ofelia was the daughter of a couple who never missed Sunday morning mass, whereas Marcelo had never met his birth father, and his mother was more interested in keeping her current boyfriend happy than anything else.
Despite this, from that very first recess bell, not a day went by without the two of them sharing laughs and secrets. As with any friendship, there had been arguments, even some terrible ones, but it never took long for whatever problem they had to vanish.
United by a bond stronger than blood, Ofelia and Marcelo were soulmates, and it seemed their friendship would last forever. Until the tragedy of that night changed everything.
“My God,” Ismael muttered, opening the door as fear seized his throat. Marcelo’s face was livid and splattered with red. “What happened to you?”
“N-no…”
Ismael put his hands over the boy’s shoulders and found his clothes were soaked.
“Are you okay?”
“Not,” repeated the altar boy, on the verge of tears.
As the priest tried to wipe off the blood with a towel he had on hand, a deluge of questions flooded his head, but the one that scared him the most was…
“Where are your wounds?”
“Did not.”
“I’ll take you to the hospital.”
“Not!” Marcelo grabbed his arm. “D-did…”
“What happened?”
“He d-did not deserve to live. He was rabid.”
With trembling hands and shaky legs, Ismael stepped back. A thread of blood ran down the altar boy’s cheek, like a red tear.
“Marcelo, what did you do?”
“I n-need to confess,” he said to the priest, dropping to his knees. “F-forgive me, Father, for I have sinned.”
CHAPTER 32
6 YEARS AGO
What his stepfather had just said filled him with dread.
Had Marcelo done something so wrong already that he deserved to spend an hour in the Dark Place? Think, think! The boy told himself in a loop of desperation while everything that would happen played out his mind’s eye: Emilia leaving them alone, Anibal dragging him to the underground water tank, closing the heavy hatch with a loud clunk. And then… echoes in the black. The sound of splashes against the slimy walls as Marcelo stood on tiptoe, moving his arms back and forth to keep his head above the cold, musty, liquid darkness.
And after a while, everything will fade: the stench that makes me cough, the weight of my wet clothes, and I’ll become a broken compass, unable to tell where anything is anymore.
“Ofelia is waiting for m-me,” Marcelo heard himself saying. “We have a test tomorrow.”
“Can’t you study here?” his mother asked him from the garage doorway.
Anibal waved off his protest. “Enough with the books. It’s about time you get a little grease on your hands. Let’s fix this washing machine.”
“No!”
“Do not talk back at him!” Emilia shook her finger at Marcelo in reprimand.
“I don’t understand p-polynomial functions.”
“I’ll help you,” said his stepdad. “You give me a hand here, and we’ll do your homework together.”
“But, mom.” Marcelo’s pleading eyes were on the verge of tears. “You know Ofelia is the best in the class and—”
“Are you saying the girl is smarter than me?” Anibal asked.
Trying for composure, the boy did not dare to speak. Any response could be the spark that set his stepfather’s anger ablaze.
“He didn’t mean that, dear,” Emilia said.
“Dunno, baby. It seems he thinks that weirdo is better than me.”
“No, honey. It’s not like that.”
“Am I imagining things then?” he scoffed, leaning against the top-loader washing machine. He pulled his old baseball bat from inside the drum. “Or have I gone cuckoo?”
“No, of course not.” Emilia’s voice was about to break.
With a look of anger and disappointment, Anibal turned to his stepson. “Guess I’m lying then. Am I a liar?”
Marcelo stepped back, fear looming over him. This wasn’t good.
“No, s-sir.”
“Speak up, child!”
“No!”
“Then what am I?”
“The man of the house,” replied Emilia in her son’s stead.
“You’re damn right I am. That’s why the boy is not studying no bullshit. He will help me fix the washing machine.” He smiled a little at his stepson. “Time to grow up, kid.”
“B-but…”
“Stop stuttering and go get the toolbox by the washboard.”
Not daring to sob aloud, Marcelo nodded, tears in his throat. If he cried, his stepdad would not hesitate to teach him a lesson about whining like a baby and drag him to the Dark Place at once.
“What are you still doing here, woman?” his stepfather shouted to Emilia. “I’m about to smoke my fingers here.”
“Yes, dear,” she mumbled before hurrying out the garage door.
The toolbox that had once been black, and was now a rusty gray, felt heavy in Marcelo’s hands; heavier than ever before. Heavier than anything in the world, for it contained everything he hated about this man: his weapons of destruction. His stepfather had said they would fix the washing machine, but that was a lie. He tore machinery apart and sold it for scraps. Unlike Marcelo who loved bringing broken wristwatches back to life, Anibal was a vulture festering on the carcasses of household appliances.
Stop it! shouted a voice in Marcelo’s head that wasn’t his. You shouldn’t be angry at him. He loves you and your mom. Things are better since he’s around. This shook him. Were they better? He couldn’t remember for sure. It doesn’t matter. It’s in the Bible: ‘Honor thy father.’
“Hand me the socket wrench, boy.”
Anibal pulled a small plastic bag filled with 21-tooth crown cork bottle caps from inside the same washing machine drum where he kept his baseball bat and placed it on the floor by his feet. In a single effortless motion, he picked up one cap, bent it between his index finger and his thumb, tossed it up at eye level and swung at it. The clang of the aluminum bat sounded like a promise of pain to the transfixed kid.
“Are you waiting for a handwritten invitation or something?” Anibal asked him. “It’s in there!”
Marcelo remained petrified. What would be worse? To open the toolbox and pretend to know what Anibal wanted, or do nothing and wait for further instructions?
“You have no clue what I’m talking about, right?” His stepfather’s voice turned kinder and more forgiving after a single breath. “Fine. I’ve had it up to here with that piece of junk, anyway.”
“Okay,” said the boy expectantly. It was as if he were waiting for the results of a coin toss. What would it be? Heads or tails? Pain or love?
As he often did when he was deep in thought, Anibal rested the bat on his shoulder. “I know. Why don’t we play for a bit? Let’s see that throwing arm.”
Marcelo nodded. The cold hand of fear loosened its grip on his chest. Now his unfrozen heart throbbed at the possibility of spending one of those moments when his stepdad showed how much he loved him. Because Anibal did love him. Back when they still owned the old Lada, he would often drive him and Emilia to Barquisimeto to see the Cardenales de Lara face the Navegantes del Magallanes, and he would tell them who were the biggest names on each team or what the catcher was signaling to the pitcher. And when his stepfather shared his passion for the game with them, even though Marcelo didn’t enjoy sports, the boy finally knew what happiness felt like.
“You want to p-play with me?”
“I promised myself I’d make a man out of you,” Anibal said. “The same way my daddy did with me. Now stand over there, grab a crown cork, and throw it at me.”
Marcelo hesitated and fumbled for a bottle cap in the bag Anibal had handed him. Unsure of what to do, the boy held the little metal disc tightly in his sweaty hand, stood next to the open toolbox, and threw it a good five feet away from where his stepdad was ready to swing.
“Do you need bifocals or what?”
“S-sorry.”
“Throw like a man!” There was a hint of warmth when he smiled at Marcelo. “C’mon!”
The kid tried again, and this time his aim was true. Clank! His stepfather hit the beer cap out of sight and into the night.
“See that? That’s what I’m talking about!” Even in the dim light of the bare 100-watt bulb hanging above the kitchen window facing the patio, a gleam of pride crossed Anibal’s eyes, like a brief ray of sunlight through a cloudy sky. “I could have been a pro, y’know? People said I had a mean swing. Could hit a home run every time I step on the plate. But it’s all politics.” Then, the glimmer disappeared, and the crow’s feet that years of disappointments had etched on his face deepened. “What are you waiting for, boy? Again!”
Marcelo obeyed him at once. It had become second nature to him, his instincts replaced by the need to please his stepdad. And so he threw one more bottle cap, and then a dozen more, and then he lost count.
“Are you tired or something?” Anibal said in a reproaching tone.
“I am sorry. M-my shoulder hurts.”
He wouldn’t scold me if I weren’t so weak.
“That’s what happens when you press your nose against stupid books around the clock, hanging out with weirdos or at the church,” Anibal said. “You become useless.”
This is my fault.
“Throw. It. Again.”
Unlike before, a reluctant tear escaped Marcelo’s eye. And this was all it took.
“Why are you crying?” Anibal shouted.
Marcelo didn’t know. Was it frustration because he wasn’t stronger? Or shame for having disappointed him? A sudden fog of doubts muffled his thoughts.
“Wanna cry? I can make you cry.”
“S-sorry.”
“Stop apologizing so much! Makes you look like a wimp.” Anibal tightened his grip on the baseball bat. “I’ll give you a good reason to cry.”
“No, I beg you.”
“Should we wash off that weakness?”
The Dark Place.
“No!” the boy shook his head. “Please, sir. I won’t cry anymore.”
“Throw another one.”
Marcelo did as told, but his aim was off.
“You are making fun of me,” said Anibal.
“No, sir. I’m not.”
“I’ve had enough of you.” His stepdad’s baseball bat clattered when he threw it to the floor; it rolled to a stop near the garage door. Then, Anibal’s arm shot out, and his hand gripped Marcelo’s wrist.
“No, p-please.”
“Will you quit crying?”
“Yes, sir!” Marcelo promised, feeling the pain in his forearm spread and deepen until there was nothing more but an unpleasant numbness. I must wear a sweater to school tomorrow, he told himself as a series of incoherent thoughts appeared one after the other in his mind, the same way lamp posts do on a foggy road. Keep the bruise hidden. A reluctant sob escaped him.
“That’s it!” The strange look of realization that came over Anibal’s face sent a shiver down Marcelo’s spine. “You hate sports, you hated working on the Lada, your best friend is a girl, and you spend all those hours alone with that priest.”
“Sir, I d-don’t understand what you are saying.”
“Shut it!” Anibal swung his backhand like a whip. “I know what priests do when they are alone with little boys. There won’t be no queer under my roof.”
“Sir, I s-swear—”
Whap! This time the slap left a coppery taste in Marcelo’s mouth, and he could feel his lower lip swelling. The kid cried out, scared. He’d never seen his stepdad like this.
“Where did the priest touch you?”
None of this made any sense. What did he mean by that?
“You are hurting me.”
Marcelo tried to free himself from Anibal’s grip.
“Let me see your ass!”
Did he just say that? Did his stepfather—
WHAP! Pain and confusion thickened the fog in Marcelo’s head. Something was terribly wrong with his stepdad, and it would only get worse. That much he knew. But how bad could it get? He’s going to kill me.
“Don’t you lie, boy. Tell me what happened.”
“No!” Marcelo screamed, not answering the question but letting years of anger explode to clear out the fog. The shame of every bruise, the fear after each time Anibal whistled to him, the coldness of the Dark Place—it all flashed in his head in an instant of white, burning rage.
“Fine. You want to be a fag?” Anibal unzipped his pants. “I’ll teach you what it’s like to be a fag.” Instead of looking at Marcelo, his stepfather shut his eyes tight, as if he was staring at something buried within himself, unearthing something terrible. “If someone is going to do it, then it better be me. That’ll show you. Cure you of your… queerness.”
As soon as Anibal opened his eyes, he had to close them again as he flinched back in pain. The same socket wrench he’d asked for had cut open a deep wound above his left eyebrow.
“I’m sorry,” said Marcelo, holding the bloody tool. He wasn’t sure when he’d grabbed it or what he had done with it. He was only certain that he felt as confused and shocked as his stepdad. Perhaps even more.
“Congratulations.” Anibal struggled to stay on his feet. “That’s the socket wrench I needed.” With blood dripping all over him, with thick red droplets falling on his sweaty sleeveless undershirt, his stepfather lurched at him. “Maybe there’s hope for you yet.”
CHAPTER 33
10 HOURS AGO
Somehow, the room in the Pérezes’ patio felt even smaller and more suffocating than before.
In the not too distant past, the possibility of seeing Marcelo again would have meant another shot at redemption for Ismael. But now the dead have come back to drag you to the abyss, the priest told himself, forcing his attention on the evidence in his hands.
“No, not the dead. The undead.”
If what he’d read was true, then his previous altar boy was still alive, and he planned to take revenge on him and Abraham.
But why? Why me? What else was I supposed to do when you confessed to murder?
Bit by bit, he kept reading the files stored there.
It seemed the chief of police had done everything in his power to ensure Marcelo ended up in a juvenile detention center in Caracas, as far from Ofelia as possible. However, that was the least disturbing secret there. Although the kid had been found guilty shortly after allegedly murdering his stepfather, these files, the results of Abe’s private investigation, proved there were pieces of the puzzle that didn’t fit.
There’s evidence here that never made it to court, the priest discovered. You knew he was innocent, and rather than revealing the truth, you kept quiet, compadre. No wonder your daughter hates you. Ofelia found out about this. She thinks I betrayed Marcelo by handing him over to the police, while you condemned him with your silence. We locked him in the JDC that drove him to bite his tongue off and choke to death on his own blood.
“And now, as the Mime King, he wants revenge.”
Ismael stared at the photographs that showed the king’s mask on a corkboard and weighed his options as his bruised ribs kept throbbing. What can I do? Maybe I can ally myself with the enemy of my enemy? Shoot for a stalemate. The bishop had as much to lose as he if things spiraled out of control. The return of ‘The Killer Altar Boy,’ as the local press had dubbed him, would be a media circus that could destroy the image López had dedicated himself to rebuilding.
Why should it be any different now? When Marcelo killed himself, instead of blaming his absent mother or his abusive stepfather, public opinion turned against us. They said we ignored his ‘unmistakable cries for help.’
“The Church is an easy scapegoat,” López had complained to Ismael back then. “They will never let us forget this.”
The bishop had been right. Since at the time López had been campaigning to aid the street children while also criticizing his parishioners for their indifference, San Isidrians were harder on him than anyone else.
“We are on the same sinking boat, López,” the priest thought out loud. “Even if you are not a target on the Skull’s list, you won’t survive the media shit storm they’ll cause.”
Maybe, just maybe, if he warned the bishop about Marcelo’s imminent attack and forced Abraham to somehow come clean, making all this evidence public, he could prevent the bloodshed Ofelia had threatened him with earlier that day.
If the corpses pile in my way, escaping from San Isidro will be impossible.
The priest picked up the cell phone hanging from his neck and saw a long list of missed calls from Abraham. I’ll deal with you later, but first I must convince López, Ismael decided, moving his finger on the screen until he spotted the icon he was searching for and dialed. After having tried so many times to get an incardination in a different diocese, he knew the bishop’s telephone number by heart.
“Hello,” said a dry voice at the other end of the line.
“It’s me.”
“How dare you call me?”
“Perhaps you’ve heard by now about—”
“Shut up!” López shouted. “I never liked you, Ismael, especially after how you handled your altar boy’s death.”
“That’s why I’m calling you.”
“But then I understood that I didn’t need a reason to loathe a piece of crap.” With every word, the bishop spoke louder and faster. “You are done. What happened at the terminal is nothing compared—”
“Listen! Marcelo is alive, and if you don’t want to end up on the front page of the newspapers again, you will help me.”
“Alive?” A brief, heavy silence came between them. “You are mad.”
“Abraham hid evidence that confirms Marcelo’s body went missing at the—”
“Two bodies disappeared?” the bishop asked absentmindedly as if thinking out loud.
“What do you mean by two bodies?”
“I’ve had enough of you and your lies. That boy is dead. I saw his corpse with my own eyes.”
“Forget what you think you saw,” said the priest. The conversation was going nowhere. “If you want me gone, okay, you win.”
“I win? After that damn online video, we’ve all lost.”
“Video?”
“I told the people I sent to get you to come back. The less I have to do with you now, the better, so enjoy whatever time you have left.” He remained silent for a few seconds as if waiting for a reaction that didn’t come. “I doubt your friend the policeman will let you live to see the sunrise.”
“López, wait!”
There was no answer. The call had ended.
Without delay, Ismael googled himself. He was not very skilled with computers and even less with smartphones, but it didn’t take him long to find what he was looking for. “You little bitch,” he muttered. The video thumbnail alone made him feel a cold, unpleasant sensation in the pit of his stomach.
He pressed play and saw himself arrive at the sacristy where the Skulls waited for him. Then, the video cut to Pedrito walking in after him. This is not how it happened. While the altar boy stood there, shocked, the priest heard his own voice say off-screen, “Stay here, boy. And lock the door behind you!” 
Pedrito turned as if to leave the room. They must have recorded this before I arrived at the sacristy. Once more, the camera cut to Ismael. “Do as I say! And not a word to anyone.” It made it seem like he was ordering the kid not to move.
“Why do you want the boy to stay?” asked the Mime King in his usual electronic monotone. “Why put him in danger?”
He never said that!
“Do you have any idea who you are messing with?” the Ismael in the video said. “I’m friends with the chief of police.”
As the priest said that in a voice-over, the recording showed him struggling with Ofelia until he pinned her down, on the floor, at gunpoint. Ismael was on top of her, the barrel of his gun in the girl’s mouth. From the angle the camera had captured, it was impossible to see that his goddaughter had injected him with something, nor was it clear she’d taken the initiative before they’d fucked. In the video, the priest had raped her.
“Abraham, he’s in your office!”
Ismael looked up upon hearing Marta’s voice. They’ve found me. He noticed the silhouette of his compadre on the other side of the window. Dammit!
In a single motion, he opened the door and pushed Marta aside. He ran, leaving the patio as fast as he could, only looking over his shoulder once to confirm Abraham was pursuing him, gun in hand.
After about seven blocks, the stinging pain in his left side was so excruciating it forced him to lean against a wall at a corner. Hearing his own loud and irregular breathing, he sank to his knees. A part of him wanted to push forward, hide somewhere, but what kept him from running was not his tired legs but the fear that his heart, banging wildly against his chest, would fail at any second.
Ismael coughed and looked behind him, suppressing the urge to vomit. After a moment of utter silence, he smiled at an empty street.
I lost him.
Before realizing how wrong he was, the blow from a gun butt on the back of his neck brought him to the ground. 
Soon after, consciousness slipped away from him.
CHAPTER 34
3 HOURS AGO
A bright light struck Ismael’s clenching eyelids, disorienting him.
How long was I out? Before the priest could focus his eyes and find out where he was, the redolence of old newspapers and the coppery taste of blood clouded his mind further. What happened? His first attempt to move was met with a metallic rattle and the sudden pain of his swollen wrists against the tight steel. It took him a few tries to realize that four sets of handcuffs prevented him from moving his arms and legs.
Little by little, his surroundings took shape. He was back in the office in the Pérezes’ courtyard.
“Honey, he’s awake!”
Ismael turned his head, locking his gaze with Marta’s. Tears of anger were swelling in her eyes. Right away, Abraham entered the room. His stony face did not bother to hide his intentions.
He is here to kill me.
“Wait for me in our bedroom, Marta.” The intensity in Abraham’s glare was almost unbearable. “And no matter what you hear, stay there.”
Marta dithered for a few moments and then closed the office door, remaining inside with them.
“No,” she said with uncharacteristic conviction.
“Honey, I swear to God—”
Despite her trembling lips, Marta’s voice didn’t shake. “If you must do this, I’ll be here with you.”
“You both need to listen,” Ismael interrupted them. “Ofel—”
The blow knocked him backward.
“Up you go!” Abe grabbed him by the collar and pulled him until the chair was upright again. 
The priest spat blood. “Ofelia—” Ismael tried to explain again.
“Don’t you dare speak her name,” Abraham warned him in a calm voice, before landing a second punch in his stomach.
Marta backed away until her back touched the door. It was easy to see she was forcing herself not to recoil from her husband’s bloody knuckles as she squeezed the rosary wrapped around her fingers as tight as she could.
“I’m sorry,” Ismael said before the next blow knocked the wind out of him.
“No.” Abe’s hands clenched the priest’s neck until his eyes rolled up in his sockets. “The time for apologies is gone. I have been thinking for hours and hours what to do with you, and none of the punishments I imagined seemed good enough. Maybe I’ll just strangle you.”
Abraham lunged forward, putting his thick hands around his compadre’s neck, pressing deep with his thumbs to crush his friend’s esophagus. Ismael struggled to wiggle free, moving his whole body, arching his back in the chair where he was handcuffed. His mouth was open in a scream that remained trapped in his throat, while Abe squeezed the life out of him with all his might.
I’m about to die again.
“This is not... It’s not the right thing to do, Abe. You are not a killer. Don’t do it,” Marta begged him, unable to contain herself any longer.
“I told you to wait in our bedroom.”
She came closer to Abraham and put her hand on his shoulder, making him stop and back away. “Honey, please.”
“He’s a scumbag.” After looking at his wife, Abe met Ismael’s bulging eyes. “You’re a rapist scumbag.” Abraham tensed every muscle in his body and squeezed his neck until the veins in the priest’s reddened face were about to burst.
Desperate for air, Ismael hesitated. Even if he uttered a single word, Abe would never listen to any pleas. To ask for forgiveness again would be a fatal mistake, too—which meant there was only one thing to do.
“If you wish to see your baby girl, you need me,” the priest managed to say. The simple act of speaking proved to be a terrible effort.
“What did you say?” Marta asked desperately. “Do you know where she is?”
“Lies!” Abraham bellowed.
“For God’s sake,” she cried. “If he knows something about her, you must let him talk. Until a few hours ago, we thought she was in Miami.”
Out of breath and with shaking hands, Abe stopped strangling him.
“Speak! You have ten seconds before I kill you.”
Ismael coughed several times before he could speak again. “Like you killed Marcelo?”
Livid with fury, the chief of police drew his gun on him.
“Honey, no!” Marta covered her mouth with her hands.
“I bet the missus knows nothing about your dirty little secret.” The priest smirked. “Or does she?”
“What is he talking about, hon?”
“Damn you and your forked tongue!” Abe turned to his wife. “Don’t listen to his lies.” 
“Ofelia’s gone through so much, and finding her is the only thing that matters now,” Marta said. “Please!”
The police chief pressed his gun to the priest’s chest. “Where is she? What else did you do to her?”
“That’s not the right question. It would be best if you asked what Marcelo did to her.”
“He is a fucking corpse,” said Abraham.
“But that hasn’t stopped him from taking revenge on his murderers, has it?”
Ismael caught a glimpse of guilt in Abraham’s hardened face as his gun clicked. Marta gasped.
“I should pull this trigger.”
“Do it! But then he’ll come after you, and you’ll never see your daughter again.” A smile appeared on Ismael’s lips. The blood in his mouth turned his grin into a twisted, macabre grimace. Then he looked to the filing cabinet he had busted open earlier and reviewed in his mind’s eye all the information he’d read, replaying the events that led him here and putting together the pieces of an incomplete puzzle. “You already suspected Marcelo was the Mime King, right? But you didn’t know for sure until I asked you about his identity. You figured out he was responsible for the fire, and after the incident at the terminal, it became clear the Skulls were keeping an eye on me. That’s why you decided to hand me over to López. To lure the Mime King out. You want to see for yourself if Marcelo is alive.”
Marta shook her head. “Impossible. He can’t be alive.”
“You knew it, too, didn’t you?” Abe accused Ismael. “You thought your former altar boy was the one leaving desecrated religious images in your church. Oh yes! I know all about that.”
“Me? No idea.” He shrugged. “I wanted to keep up appearances so the bishop wouldn’t have excuses to send another idiot to replace me.”
This time it was Abraham who smiled. “Not even dying changed you. Getting out of here is all you think about. You think you are too good for this town.”
“What you saw in the video was a trap, compadre. It’s irrelevant whether you believe me, but you know that if Marcelo’s alive, Ofelia is with him.”
The priest let his words settle in.
“She wouldn’t do that,” Marta sobbed. “Not after the horrible things that boy did to his stepfather.”
“Marcelo is in the past,” said Abraham, his face turning a shade of green. “He’s history!”
“‘Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it,’” Ismael pointed out. “Who did Ofelia blame when her best friend committed suicide three years ago, huh? She blamed you!”
Abe looked down, still pointing his gun at him. “And Marcelo blames you for turning him in after his confession. You betrayed him. All the more reason to kill you. That’s what he wants. He wants you dead.”
“If that were true, I’d be pushing daisies by now.” A chill ran down Ismael’s back as he realized something else. Since he’d collapsed in a locked and empty church, there were only two people who could have found him fast enough to save him. “Who do you think took me to the hospital after my heart attack? You’ve seen the video. I asked Pedro to run away, and he left. So, if he didn’t call an ambulance, how did I end up at the hospital? Who took me there?”
The priest waited in silence, letting them have the time to come to the same conclusion as he.
“The Skulls,” Marta replied.
“That’s twenty points for you, comadre.”
“Why would the Skulls keep you alive?” Abraham asked.
Ismael shrugged again. “But if you want the missing piece of your puzzle, to lure the Mime King out of his hiding place, then you’ll help me set a trap for him. It’s the only way you will find him—and your beloved Ofelia.”
A rumble of thunder.
Abe lowered his gun. Then, undecided, held it to the priest’s head only to drop it again after an instant. With a face filled with rage and confusion, he raised the firearm one last time and pressed it against Ismael’s forehead, his finger itching to pull the trigger.
CHAPTER 35
2 HOURS AGO
The rain in San Isidro was often warm like piss. 
Even during weekdays, when the passenger terminal buzzed with activity, if the wind howled and the drizzle became a downpour, anyone who could run for shelter would do so without the slightest hesitation. Moreover, since it never took long for the manholes and storm drains to overflow with sewage, those who had yet to leave their homes knew the smart choice was to stay indoors—which is why no one saw Abe’s Malibu drift to a halt in front of El Silencio liquor store a little past seven that night.
With the car’s engine still roaring, the chief of police pushed the priest out of the vehicle. Ismael rolled on the ground, unable to tell left from right nor the pavement from the gray sky. Pain means you’re not dead yet.
Trying to gain his bearings, the sound of a car door slamming made Ismael turn to Abraham, who was approaching him like a raging bull.
“Compadre, please.”
Abraham grabbed him by the neck and jerked him up. Their eyes locked in unspoken understanding for several seconds until the police chief sent him flying towards the liquor store. The thunder above them did not drown out the loud clicks of Abe handcuffing Ismael to the gated storefront, leaving him with both arms outstretched as though crucified.
“I should’ve sent you straight to hell.”
“But we are already in hell,” said the priest. “Together.”
“This ain’t it. Not by a long shot. When this is over, I’ll take you to the ninth circle of prison myself and lock you up with the best of the worst.” He glared down at him. “Are you aware of what they do to a rapist in prison? There’s a tag attached to your big toe, buddy. You just don’t know it yet.”
Ismael gave him a cold, thin smile. “None of us are making it out of here alive.” 
Abraham grimaced in disgust, walked down to his car and, before driving away, shouted as loud as he could, “He’s all yours!”
For a while, the priest remained there, feeling the wet clothes plastered against his skin growing heavier in the downpour. Waves of pain pulsed through his bruised rib cage as he listened to the raindrops pelting the zinc roof above the store entrance. The world before him tilted off its axis for an instant, and his knees almost buckled.
Where are they? As the minutes dragged on, Ismael noticed the mountains that flanked the town were hidden under a thick veil of rain. The place might as well have been cut off from the rest of the world, and there was not a soul in sight, but the threat remained. If anyone else finds me first, our plan will be for naught.
The priest’s vision went double and then to black until a flash of lightning lit up the street, revealing he was alone no more. Four figures dressed in black were there, their faces covered by skull masks.
“Well, here I am. If it were the Holiday season, my compadre would have left me wrapped under a Christmas tree as a gift to you.” Ismael smirked. “The key to the handcuffs is in my front pocket, by the way.”
None of them spoke. It seemed they would stay there forever, surrounding the priest in silence to watch him perish slowly, but then one of them screamed and ran, knife in hand, and stabbed him. 
The sudden pain that coursed through Ismael’s entire body, from his pierced shoulder to his feet, burst into a shriek of agony in his lips. Although his black shirt concealed the stream of red pouring from the new wound, he was sure the cut was deep.
“Luz, stop!” the nearest hooded man said. “The king wants him alive.”
“Only if he answers the question, right?” She twisted the blade inside Ismael’s shoulder.
“I know the answer,” Ismael hissed. “Take me to him.”
Not expecting this, she hesitated. “Maybe I don’t care about His Majesty’s orders anymore,” she whispered to the priest’s ear, pulling the knife out of his shoulder and pressing it against his throat. “I watched the video. You killed my brother.”
“Who?” Ismael asked.
“Jeremías!” Luz replied.
Ismael remembered the boy from the storage room and relived his last pleading look.
“I didn’t kill him, my child. It was natural selection at its finest.”
“You let him die to fuck that damn bitch!”
Despite his injuries, a laugh slipped out of Ismael’s mouth.
“That is me. The killer by laissez-faire.”
“Luz, that’s enough. Don’t forget that after tonight we’ll be a single entity. Your pain will be ours and our peace yours. Revenge is our communion,” one of her masked companions insisted before gesturing to the others. There was something about this Skull that made Ismael think of the bishop, but he wasn’t sure why. “Remove the handcuffs and make sure he’s not packing.”
Ismael clenched his jaw. He could not let them pat him down. If they did, the plan he’d hatched with Abraham would be useless. “Luz,” he muttered in her ear. Up close, it became obvious that the woman had some kind of mental disability. “The truth is… Jeremías is not dead.”
“Say his name again, and I’ll cut your tongue off.”
“To die, you need to be alive first, and your brother never even existed. He was nobody, except when he was with Ofelia. Jeremías loved her like he never loved you.”
She uttered a demented squeal and stuck the sharp blade into the palm of the priest’s hand.
“Damn it, Luz!” shouted a Skull that wore gold rings. “Grab her before she kills him.”
“He’s bleeding a lot.”
“The key is in his pocket. He was telling the truth.”
“Then get him down and let’s go!”
The Skulls put a bag over Ismael’s head, unaware this was unnecessary.
He was no longer conscious. 
FROM THE MIME KING’S MANIFESTO
You are not alone. They have broken my dreams, too. Destroyed my future, and taken away my voice. They silenced me; they killed me. And yet I refuse to stay buried because I’m angry. And I know you are angry too. The truth is not out there; the truth is right here. Online. This is where we get to be who we really are, and I welcome you with all your flaws. Here we are all anonymous. We are all the same because we share your sins.
CHAPTER 36
1 HOUR AND 50 MINUTES AGO
Marta moved toward the middle of the street, more afraid of what she’d see when looking into her husband’s eyes than at the possibility of being run over by a vehicle.
Her breath caught in her throat when she heard his car. It hadn’t always been like that. Marta used to love waiting for him to arrive home. The sound of his Malibu’s engine dying in their driveway meant their nights together were about to start: a delicious dinner she’d cooked for him, nice small talk in the kitchen while she did the dishes afterward, an intimate kiss on the couch after the usual conversation about, well, anything except work. Never work! Because that would upset her. Oh, how she loved him. But love couldn’t lessen the fear tonight.
If I look at him in the eyes, will I find him there? Marta held the pictures tighter to her breast as Abe’s car skidded to a stop in front of her, the heavy rain falling through the beams of its headlights. She glanced at the gray clouds above, but the thick drops forced her to keep her eyelids shut. At least the rain is warm
“Honey?” Abe asked, slamming the car door behind him after stepping out.
“Did you do it?” Her tone begged for an answer.
“You are in the middle of the road.” He reached out to grab her arm. “I could have killed you.”
She shook his grip and held out one of the pictures she had in her arms.
“Remember this Christmas Eve? We bought Ofelia a chemistry set for children. I know she had a hard time smiling, and eye contact never came easily to her when she was little, but this smile… It was real. I’m sure it was.”
He couldn’t keep her gaze.
“Hon, you are soaking wet, and this is not the place to—”
“This trip to the beach.” She held out another picture. “When was it? I think—”
A horn blaring behind her startled them.
“Drive around us, asshole!” Abraham shouted.
The pickup truck driver continued honking the horn as he drove off up the street.
Staring at that sunny afternoon in the photo, Marta thought of Ismael and his puzzles and his intricate scale models. Of her husband teaching a disinterested Ofelia how to cartwheel on the beach. Then she flipped through another photo; one of her family, including Marcelo, throwing water balloons at each other during a Carnival weekend so many years ago. And that brought the memories of all those Saturday mornings filled with cartoons and Froot Loops for breakfast. 
This is it. Marta concluded that what she needed was new memories with them. Yes. This is what will make the fear go away, quiet the demons. To keep them alive and fill her home with new pictures. If there is air in our lungs, there’s hope in our hearts.
“Honey,” she whispered. Her voice was a prayer. “Did you do it?”
“I should have killed him.”
Marta sighed in relief.
He is still in there. I’ve never asked him if he’s ever shot his gun on duty, but if he has, it’s never corrupted his heart. Because revenge never forced his hand to pull the trigger.
“No,” she said. “You made the right choice.”
He started weeping.
Without hesitating, she dropped the pictures and hugged her husband, nuzzling her nose against his neck.
“You are not a monster. Do not become one because Ismael’s lost his soul.”
“Marta, you don’t understand.”
“We’ll figure out a way to bring him back after you find our daughter.”
“You do not know what I—”
“Your secrets are not yours. They are ours. Our burden to bear as man and wife.”
He pulled back, his eyes wide with surprise. “I only meant to protect you from the truth.”
“That’s okay. I’ve found out some of your secrets, and I don’t mind.” Marta nodded. “It didn’t take me long to discover you were taking Ofelia to the woods to hunt animals. I don’t approve of it, but it’s not the worst thing.”
Something in Abe’s expression changed, and she struggled to read him. “I should have told you,” he said. “About that, about everything.”
“Then tell me.”
“I can’t.”
“Honey, what does Ofelia think you did to Marcelo?”
“I didn’t do anything.”
That’s two ‘Our Fathers’ and a ‘Hail Mary’ for you, Abe. A brief rush of disappointment tightened her jaw. It was not her place to judge him, especially since she knew all too well the weight of carrying secrets herself. Maybe if I share my sins, the truth will come out.
“Hon, we all keep things to ourselves.” She lifted her damp dress to reveal a fresh and narrow set of scars on her right thigh.
“My God, Marta!” He pulled her hand down. “Did you do this to yourself?”
After it became apparent he had no idea what to say, she explained to him that everyone does their best to keep their demons quiet, even if it means screaming in their stead.
“How could I have not seen this?” A pause. “I’m blind. Somehow I failed to see you, and Ofelia, and Ismael… and Marcelo.”
“You are only human.” She drew a deep breath. “But you and my baby are my everything.”
“I didn’t see you. I wish there were enough words to describe how sorry I am for making you invisible.” Abraham’s phone beeped, and he stared at the screen. It seemed the Skulls had taken the bait. “I have to end this. When I’m back, I’ll tell you everything.”
“Bring him alive, hon. Swear to me that you will find our baby girl without becoming a killer. Promise me you won’t become a monster like him.”
“I promise.”
“Honey!”
“Yeah?” he said, after getting back in the car and radioing for backup.
“Please, get milk when you are done. I want to have cereal for breakfast this Saturday.”
A brief, hopeful smile crossed her husband’s lips as he stepped on the gas.
CHAPTER 37
EARLIER TODAY
Drip.
I can’t move.
Drop.
Where am I? Why is it so dark?
A droplet impinged upon a liquid surface (a puddle perhaps?) with the steady and ominous cadence of a ticking clock, counting down the seconds. Was it raining outside? That would explain the clogged drainage odor creeping down his throat. Whenever it rained, San Isidro reeked of stagnant water and mold.
“Wake up. Can you hear me?”
Confused, Bishop López meant to ask the man shrouded in darkness who he was, but there was no way of knowing if a single word had left his lips; his mouth felt like wet cotton.
“Time for your confession,” continued the man and, although he was just a shadow in the dark, there was something familiar about his manner of speaking. 
That voice… López thought with some relief. The way his tongue caressed every syllable, the silky smoothness of his S’s. Oh, how he loved to hear him speak! It’s you.
“Julian,” the bishop struggled, fighting the powerful paralysis that prevented him from controlling his arms and legs. “Help me. I need your help.”
“It’s always about you, isn’t it? About what you want, about pleasing your needs.”
Bishop López didn’t understand. His thoughts were nothing more than the echoes of his numbed soul, bouncing aimlessly inside the empty husk of his body. What is going on? Where am I? Wherever this was, it was beyond the reach of light.
“Is this real?” López asked.
The deacon sighed in frustration at the question, and this awoke a primal dread in the bishop as he waited for an answer. The only time he’d experienced such anxiety creeping up in his chest was that morning decades ago, before breakfast, when his auntie called him and asked him where he was and if he was alone. As his aunt fought her own tears, a terrible silence stretched forever, and he could tell his life would never be the same after that call. That day he found out his mother had passed away, and yet, he was sure something far more horrifying than that crushing grief that almost killed him years ago awaited him tonight.
“Tell us about Anibal.” Julian’s voice was sharp.
“Anibal?”
“Yes. Your second cousin, your former altar boy. You know all this! Why are you making me repeat you what you already know?” The deacon snapped his fingers twice. “Hey! Stay with me!”
Why is he talking like that? In his sudden fear, López’s mind should have only focused on a single thing: survival. However, a part of him couldn’t help but wonder why Julian was so cold to him. Even if this was a nightmare (and it had to be one!), his icy words were like stalactites piercing his heart.
“Julian, I…”
“Wow! These drugs did a number on you.”
“I have to wake up.”
The bishop’s head suddenly jerked sideways; it wasn’t until a second later that he felt a slight tinge of pain in his cheek. 
Did Julian slap me? 
A heavy door creaked open, letting in the pattering sound of the violent rain outside and just enough pale light to outline the shapes of the room where they were in.
There were cracks dripping water in the low-arched ceiling above, small patches of exposed bricks on the decayed walls, and puddles on the floor that reflected memorial plaques behind him. Oh, God! The bishop’s pitiful screams never made it out of his throat once he understood that being inside a mausoleum was not the most terrifying thing of this nightmare. The worst part was realizing he was lying in a coffin.
“Are we ready?” asked the man who had opened the door earlier. His fingers glittered with rings, his face hidden under a gray skull mask.
“Almost,” replied the deacon. “Bishop, listen. It’s time for your Sacrament of Penance. Tell us about Anibal.”
“Help me,” López begged him. “Julian, what happened to your face?”
The deacon’s forehead and cheeks were red and swollen, oozing with blood, plasma, and something black.
“Stay focused. You once told me about your cousin’s desecrated tomb, remember?” Julian reminded him.
“Your beautiful face is ruined.”
“Hey! Tell us about your cousin!”
“Why are you doing this?” the bishop cried.
“I made a promise to Marcelino.”
“Who is that?”
“The clock is ticking faster.” Gray Skull pointed at his wrist as if he was wearing a watch.
“You never found out what happened to Anibal’s body, right?” Julian continued. “We have it.”
“It’s in a dark place,” murmured Gray Skull as if sharing a naughty secret with a friend.
“Don’t understand,” López said.
“The king wants you to repent before you die,” the deacon explained. “To accept the truth.”
“No. Please, don’t kill me.”
“Look at your new neighborhood,” said Gray Skull. “You’re already dead.”
The bishop turned to the deacon.
“I love you, Julian, and I know you love me.”
Gray Skull burst into laughter.
Without letting the masked man’s cackles affect his tone, the deacon replied to the Bishop calmly: “Silly old man. If you tell people to cover the sun with one finger, no matter how hard they try, they will always squint at its brightness. There’s no hiding it. But, if you convince them to use that same finger to gouge their eyes out, then the sun is no more. There is no more powerful lie than the one you want to believe.”
“It can’t be,” López stuttered. Despite the numbness interfering with his senses, he still felt his heart breaking in his chest beyond repair. If he could have bent over to breathe better, he would have done it. Each word he spoke was accompanied by a breathless, painful sound. “Everything you told me—”
“An act!” Gray Skull interrupted him. “Can we hurry, please? We’ve found the priest, and you won’t believe where he is.”
“That kind of love,” López said, his voice made tremulous by tears. “You cannot fake it.”
Gray Skull laughed again. “You’re joking, right?”
“No.” The bishop’s shallow breathing quickened. “The priest in Caracas, the letters of recommendation, the screening process…”
“Our king is talented at forging documents and Photoshop,” Julian explained. “He made it seem like I’d been living abroad for years.”
“Impossible. You can’t fool the Church.”
“This guy is cracking me up,” said Gray Skull.
“Please, Julian. Tell him to stop.”
“Focus. Did you—”
“Help me. I beg you!”
Julian raised his voice to silence the bishop’s pleas. “Did you know what your cousin did to Marcelo?”
“I love you! We have something special.”
“This won’t work,” Gray Skull said to the deacon. “Give me a hand.”
As Julian and his masked companion pushed the casket outside, the bishop’s begging became a sad litany silenced by the sound of the rain pouring down on them.
“Confess!” Julian told López once they lowered the coffin in the ground.
“You’ll regret this,” the bishop said, letting his heartbreak take him to the darkest corner of his soul—the place where love turns sour, and happiness rots into resentment. “The Church is a powerful enemy.”
“The Mime King has revoked the visa of your God,” said the deacon. “He’s no longer welcomed in Venezuela.”
“What are you doing?” asked the bishop once they were about to use their shovel to close the casket lid. “You need me, Julian!”
“An eye for an eye…” said Gray Skull.
“A body for a body,” said Julian.
“I don’t deserve to die,” López cried, looking up at Anibal’s tombstone above him.
“Pathetic.” Gray Skull shook his head. “Should have found a religion that brings you comfort in your last hours.”
“Tell us about Anibal,” insisted Julian.
“I had nothing to do with that. I swear.”
“Liar,” said Gray Skull.
“I asked him to stop!” the bishop shouted.
“Like he asked you to stop when you raped him as a boy?”
The bishop’s eyes widened with astonishment.
“I never molested him.”
“Molested?” Gray Skull scoffed. “A little late to sanitize what happened, Father.”
“If you’d kept it in your pants,” Julian added. “Maybe Anibal wouldn’t have grown up to be a monster.”
“I raped no one. We just fooled around.”
“Is that why you gave him money every month?” Gray Skull asked him. “Is that why you turned a blind eye to what he was doing to Marcelo?”
“No, please. Forgive me.”
“To forgive is divine…” said the deacon, putting on a white skull mask. “But we are only human.”
The bishop’s last words were muffled once the Skulls closed the casket lid for good, and then his screams became but a murmur that grew fainter after they shoveled dirt over it.
CHAPTER 38
AROUND 30 MINUTES AGO
The buzzing got louder.
I’m inside a giant beehive, Ismael thought before drifting into darkness once more.
When the priest opened his eyes again, he had no concept of where he was or how much time might have passed. With the brown canvas sack still over his head, it was a struggle to breathe. Where am I? His entire body was sore. Light-headed and confused, he only hoped the people dragging him by his armpits would soon let him rest on the floor.
“Release him.”
That unmistakable synthetic voice stopped Ismael’s heart. Once his captors brought him to his knees and removed the sack from his head, he found himself surrounded by hooded, skull-masked figures in black. And in the middle of them, sitting on his throne, was the Mime King.
The priest’s eyes darted everywhere. He was in a dark, cavernous room with a long procession of columns stretching upward. His whole body, alive with pain, prevented him from making sense of it all.
First, he noticed a cluster of loudspeakers hanging from the ceiling, and then the murals of crude graffiti covering the towering walls on each side: a cacophony of dirty colors, overlapping motifs and curse words; only a gigantic butterfly spray-painted with owl eyes on its wings seemed to have any finesse among that chaos.
I remember this place. Surrounded by at least a dozen powered-down computers stations connected by a web of cables, Ismael noticed that the rusty metal door leading to a set of stairs near an empty elevator shaft that appeared to be the only way in or out. But it can’t be.
In the entire chamber, the only light came from the king’s throne, built by a score of old TVs of all sizes, on their screens nothing but static. I read the files. This was the first place Abraham raided. At the far end of the cathedral-sized room, a large window, with countless shards of broken glass covering the ground in front of it, looked onto a courtyard dwarfed by the skeleton of a colossal parabolic antenna in the rain.
The abandoned cable company, the priest nodded. No doubt about it. The place that was meant to spearhead a new era of satellite TV and high-speed Internet services in the western central region before the project fell apart because of embezzlement. The single most prominent reminder of the San Isidro that could have been is also where the Skulls are hiding.
On the brink of losing consciousness again, Ismael opened his mouth to speak when a sudden mechanical buzzing distracted him, making him look over his shoulder. Behind him, one of the hooded figures was tattooing the face of… The bishop’s deacon? The priest thought nothing would surprise him by this point, but this proved him wrong. Near them, more people waited for their turn to ink their skins as another group of the king’s subjects shaved their heads with disposable razors.
They are no longer a gang, he thought. They are a cult, and they are everywhere.
“Yes,” said the Skull standing beside him, reading Ismael’s expression. “It’s the next step.”
“The Metamorphosis,” others echoed.
Then, Ismael noticed it wasn’t them talking. It was the king who was speaking through them. They all held smartphones in their hands as if they were a natural extension of their bodies. To move or do anything, they had to receive an order first.
“A hive mind,” the priest whispered to himself before turning to the masked man on the throne. “Quite a sect you have here. Too bad…” He raised his wounded hand, as reluctant tears of pain streamed out of his eyes. “You can’t control all of them.”
The king tilted his head as if scrutinizing the group behind Ismael.
“It was me, Your Majesty,” Luz admitted. “The thing is my brother… Jeremías is dead because of this fucking priest.”
After receiving a message on his phone, the tattooer turned off his machine long enough so that the deacon could shout his king’s ruling loud enough so that everyone could hear him.
“Take her to the water tank!”
“No, please,” Luz begged. “It was Ofelia. It was her fault!”
Two of the tattoo-faced men grabbed her by the arms and dragged her away. Ismael smiled. The pieces continued to fit together. Years ago, during the murder investigation, a reporter found out that Marcelo’s stepfather used to lock him for hours in his underground water tank.
Your stepdad’s preferred method of punishment after rape. He blamed you four putting impure thoughts in his head. It makes sense you need to inflict that same punishment onto others.
The buzzing stopped; they had finished a tattoo. Another transformation completed. Soon after, the eager needle hummed again, and the black ink found its way under the skin of the next fanatic in line. 
With all of them wearing the same robes and making themselves look alike, it was impossible to tell if his goddaughter was among them. Ismael wondered if Ofelia—who, in a way, had let Jeremías die too, who had helped him find the answer—could have also been sentenced to the dirty water tank.
“While our sister is cleansed,” said the Skull by the throne as the king typed on his phone. “We can focus on our guest of honor.”
“You flatter me.” Ismael tried to steady his irregular breathing. “But why talk through them? Don’t I deserve to hear your voice? Right. You bit your tongue off. You have no voice.”
“Oh, but I do,” replied someone from the back of the room.
“We’re all his voice,” said the Skull wearing gold rings.
“We are all one voice,” they all said at once.
“It’s time.” The king’s monotonous text-to-speech software sounded god-like coming from the loudspeakers above. “Answer the question.”
“Who?” the Skulls asked in unison.
Fighting his blurred vision, Ismael studied the Mime King’s white, inscrutable mask. There was no guarantee they’d keep him alive if he answered the question now. How long has it been since they brought me here? the priest wondered, believing his best option was to wait for the real guest of honor to arrive.
“Why are you in such a rush?” Ismael adjusted his broken glasses. “You’ve got me here, bleeding, on my knees. Come on! Enjoy this, why don’t you? There’s nothing in life but savoring the little moments.”
The king left his throne to stroke the side of Ismael’s jaw with his fingers.
“Vanity is your favorite sin, Father,” said the deacon.
“Au contraire. I’m submitting to your will.”
“No.” The Mime King threw a shattered smartphone by the priest’s knees, the same phone that Ofelia had given him, the same one Abraham was supposed to be tracking to this location. “You want to buy time, but you’re alone.”
Ismael’s only hope of getting out of there alive lay crushed before him.
PART FOUR
CHAPTER 39
22 MINUTES AGO
Shit.
Out of sheer habit, Ismael thanked God his blood-spattered face was already too twisted with pain to show his disheartening shock. His plan had been simple: Let himself get kidnapped so Abraham could track his phone’s GPS signal straight to the Skulls’ doorstep.
Getting the chief of police to agree to this was easy once it became clear it was his best shot at freeing Ofelia from Marcelo’s clutches.
“Save your baby girl, cage those masked animals, and put a bullet through my altar boy’s heart, all while I’m in mortal danger,” he’d told his compadre earlier that night. “Whether I get out of there handcuffed or in a body bag, you win.”
“I don’t trust you,” Abe said.
“That’s smart.”
“Why help me?”
“I can’t live while Marcelo survives.”
What Ismael kept to himself was how if it all went according to plan, the chaos from the Skulls and the police confrontation would present him with the perfect opportunity to vanish.
But things had not gone according to plan.
A second glance at the shattered phone by his knees felt like a cold finger down his spine. He had gambled everything and lost. He was at the mercy of the Mime King.
The rumble of thunder above made the whole structure tremble.
The king’s followers stopped shaving their heads and tattooing their faces as some of them brought a video camera on a tripod and placed it before the priest. Soon after, the crackling static on the TVs in the throne changed to a live recording of him.
“Who?” asked the Mime King, using his text-to-speech software.
The question became an echo in the mouths of the Skulls.
“Marcelo,” answered Ismael, unable to escape the image of his battered face on each screen in the throne.
“Guilty,” declared the Skulls.
The Mime King turned to his followers. “Are we ready?”
“The streaming is live,” replied a female Skull member near the workstations, checking her phone.
“Great,” the Mime King nodded. “You are sentenced to suffer the same fate as your victim… But with an audience. You’ll commit suicide in front of the entire world.”
“You want me to kill myself?”
“Weren’t you obsessed with grandeur? Thousands will witness your death.”
Ismael spat blood.
“Your weakness killed you, Marcelo. Not me.”
“A child cries out seeking the help of his mentor, of his father.” The Mime King towered over the kneeled priest. “And what does he get? The betrayal of a man blinded by his ego.”
“You murdered your—”
“Be quiet!”
Everyone around Ismael placed their fingers on their lips and hushed.
“Countless times Marcelo tried to tell you his stepfather was abusing him,” said the king. “Did you ever stop to think about why he suffered skin infections? Why there were bruises on his arms every week? No! You ignored him, and said stupid things like, ‘God’s timing is perfect.’ Your blindness killed him. You betrayed him.”
“Judas,” said the Skulls in a cascade of whispers.
“Judas,” repeated the Mime King as he drew a gun Ismael hadn’t noticed until now.
The priest stared at the flawless mask of the man before him and then at the screens showing his own beaten face. The last piece of the puzzle did not click into place. Why did he keep talking about himself in the third person? Did his followers not know he was Marcelo? Had he deceived them? Concealed his own identity and made his former self into a martyr?
Unless...
“Who?” asked Ismael.
“You will shoot yourself in the head.”
“Who?” the priest insisted, shouting this time.
“Quiet!” the deacon kicked him in the stomach, knocking the wind out of his lungs. The priest arched his body but never stopped looking at the Mime King.
“Take the gun and pay for your sins,” said Gray Skull.
“Who? I’ll tell you who Marcelo was,” said Ismael. “A freak who thought he was better than others. In his mind, repairing watches made him special. He was sure being an altar boy put him above the children who rejected him.” He attempted to stand up, but the men on either side of him forced him to stay on his knees. “Who is hiding behind the mask?”
A hint of doubt crept into the tattooed faces of the several Skulls who didn’t need to wear masks anymore.
“Fulfill your destiny.” The Mime King’s hand trembled as he held the gun.
“The truth is your king is like everyone else. He used to swear he was God’s favorite son when, in reality, he was just another bastard. Do you know why he uses an app to speak?” Ismael asked the Skulls. “Because behind that pretty mask still hides the same s-stuttering little M-Ma-Marcelo.”
“Enough!” Gray Skull hit the priest in the face.
“The same chubby kid not even his own mother could stand. Why do you think she was so desperate to cling on to Anibal? She needed someone else in her house apart from the weirdo obsessed with Ofelia. Do you realize your ‘best friend’ was only with you out of pity?”
“Shut up!” said the king.
“Shut up,” repeated most of the Skulls, although not all of them.
“Be honest, Marcelo. You liked it, and that’s why you said nothing. You tried to be in love with her, but you enjoyed it when your stepfather fucked you.”
“Shut up!” the Mime King shouted, but this time anger had overcome the patience needed to use the text-to-speech software.
Ismael smiled, surprised. He’d been wrong about everything. 
But this was so much better.
I could recognize that velvety voice anywhere.
CHAPTER 40
12 YEARS AGO
Worry had replaced his anger.
“The hell is that girl?” muttered Abraham, eager to get across the stream of protesters marching down the avenue; their chants of freedom were making everything harder for him. There was no way his daughter would hear him amidst this cacophony of shouts, drums, and blowing whistles. “Ofelia!” he tried raising his voice over the sound of a shirtless young man playing the tambora while others around him chanted insults at the president in an improvised song.
A woman waved a huge flag near Abe, almost hitting him in the head with the tricolor cloth. Damn these people, he thought, upset that every placard and banner they carried blocked his line of sight. It didn’t matter how fast his eyes darted from face to face, no one looked familiar; their expressions of anxiety, outrage, hope, and hopelessness were little more than a blur in the humid heat.
She wasn’t at Ismael’s. The library is closed… Abraham put some distance between him and the march, avoiding a news reporter covering the protest along the way, and ended by a graffitied wall dedicated to an unintelligible message written in a thick neon font. Is she at Marcelo’s? No. Ofelia hates that place. Then he walked another block and sought shelter under a barred balcony where someone had hung their clothes to dry. The first burst of rain started to fall. The drizzle stopped as fast as it began, but it lasted long enough to disperse the protest marchers.
“Good. These idiots might go away now,” he said to himself, glad that the somewhat amused screams of the protesters (spreading out to escape the promise of another rain shower) had replaced their freedom chants. At that moment, Abraham’s ears picked up something he wasn’t expecting: the unmistakable, sharp whimper of a dog in sudden pain.
Drawn to it, he made his way to an alley where an old Ford Zephyr and a Fiat Mirafiori sat on cement blocks instead of wheels. Between the cars, a ragged mongrel emerged, limping; the bloody paw prints it left behind him fazed Abe almost as much as the beast’s menacing snarl, for his bare, yellowish fangs dripping thick saliva could only mean bad news.
“Papa?”
The worst news.
“Ofelia?” If his instincts were correct, her voice had come from behind the car to his left. The thought this animal might have bitten his daughter quickened his breath. “Where are you? Are you okay?”
She peeked her head up. The faded, rusty vermilion of the Zephyr made the bright red dripping from his little girl’s face seem much worse. Oh God, she’s hurt, was the first thing that popped into Abe’s mind. Then he floundered in a whirlpool of nightmarish uncertainties. How deep were her wounds? What was the nearest hospital? What shots would she need? Would they even have the proper supplies to treat her? No. A private clinic would be better. Yes! But which one would accept their insurance? How could have Marta been so irresponsible? Their daughter shouldn’t wander off on her own.
A chopping bark snapped Abraham back to reality. The mutt was closer to him; its low growl was like that of a car engine ready to go from 0 to 60. It was about to attack him.
“Baby, stay where you are. Shut your eyes and cover your ears.” Abraham drew his gun and pointed at the beast’s wounded muzzle, glad that his job always required him to carry his firearm. “Papa is coming to get you.”
The bang after Abe pulled the trigger sounded like the firecrackers he used to throw inside La Campiña powdered milk cans as a young boy around Christmas time. Why did I think of that? After controlling the recoil of the weapon and becoming strangely aware of the instant whiff of cordite, his eyes didn’t focus on the messy dog’s remains but on the scrawny little girl at the end of the alley. She was all that mattered.
“You killed it,” said Ofelia.
There was no fear or shock in her tone. She was simply stating a fact.
“I told you not to…” Abe then noticed something more disturbing than the blood on her daughter’s face. “Look.”
Ofelia had a dead rooster in one hand and a sharp kitchen knife in the other.
“It will rain again,” she pointed out after a crack of thunder.
Abraham gingerly grabbed her forearms and inspected them, fearing the worst. No bites. No wounds. Her legs were unscathed too. This was a miracle, wasn’t it?
“Are you okay?”
She nodded.
“Did it attack you?”
“Yes.”
Part of him wanted to ask her why; street dogs were often weak, hungry, and scared of people. It makes no sense. Abe’s mind raced to figure out how his little girl came to be in this awful situation.
“Were you trying to save the rooster? Is that why the mutt attacked you?”
Ofelia shook her head no. Something was off.
“Why are you shaking, papa?”
Was he? Abe couldn’t tell. A sudden numbness had engulfed him. Whatever had transpired, there had to be a sensible explanation for it; children can do unthinkable things in their innocence. Hadn’t he urinated in an empty sock drawer when he was five for three whole days before his mom found out? To this day he still did not remember why he’d done this, only that he knew it to be wrong after his father’s belt taught him otherwise. Maybe this… incident is like that too, he told himself. She doesn’t know any better, and I don’t know what happened.
And the truth was he didn’t want to find out. It was best not to dwell on this bizarre scene. Why does she have a knife? No. It was better to shut his mind to the implications swirling madly in his head. ‘Haven’t heard a single cock-a-doodle-doo,’ that’s what his wife had told him about their neighbor’s bird pets. Stop it. Hadn’t Ofelia’s teacher warned him and Marta that their daughter might be different.
“You are crying, papa.”
He wiped a tear off his cheek, forcing himself to quash every question he had.
“No, baby. It’s raining, that’s all.”
Once he threw the kitchen knife in a nearby storm drain, Abraham made his daughter drop the dead bird next to the dog and carried her in his arms. As the clouds darkened to a powdery gray, and a sudden drizzle turned into a deluge, he thanked heaven for San Isidro’s crazy weather; soon they’d be soaking wet, but there wouldn’t be any traces of blood on them either. Their sins washed away by the sky above.
“Ofelia, killing is wrong,” he said without thinking.
They locked eyes.
“Then why did you do it?”
Why indeed? He could have fired a warning shot to scare the dog off. What was it he was trying to hide? I wasn’t thinking straight, there’s nothing more to it. Abe prayed for the right words.
“Sometimes, in very special cases, the law of God and men allows us to kill animals. If they are rabid or if it is legal to hunt them, then it’s okay.”
“Was that dog rabid?”
“Yes,” he lied.
She kept her silence until the question Abraham feared the most took shape on her lips.
“What about people? Can you kill them?”
“Never.”
“Not ever?”
“No.”
“What about soldiers or policemen like you, papa?”
Why does she have to be so damn smart?
“Sometimes, I guess. But those circumstances are even more special. And you only do it if you have no choice.” He heaved a sigh. “To keep someone you love out of harm, or to save yourself, okay?”
“I understand,” she said after a beat.
Neither of them uttered a word after Abe made his daughter promise that what happened in that alley would be their secret. And for the time it took them to get home, it seemed this mess would remain behind them, forever forgotten. That is, until Ofelia asked him something he didn’t foresee.
“Papa, can you take me hunting?”
CHAPTER 41
6 YEARS AGO
“It’s graduation day,” said a voice by the garage entrance.
The crimson veil of blood forcing his left eye shut made it impossible to bring into focus the scrawny, dark silhouette stepping through the door. This is not good, Anibal realized at once. He had his stepson pinned underneath him, there was red splattered over both of them, and the stupid boy was whining like a homo. Goddammit.
“The kid hit me,” was all Anibal said, as a way of explanation.
“I suppose it’s okay,” said the voice. It sounded like a woman.
“You are trespassing.”
“Father will understand.”
“What the fuck? Who are you?”
“Get away from Marcelo,” the woman demanded.
“Don’t tell me how to raise my boy.”
“You are hurting my friend.”
No. Not a woman. A girl. The weirdo?
“He’s fine,” Anibal told her. “Say you’re fine, boy.”
Marcelo couldn’t speak. Built like a cleanup hitter, Anibal’s body weight was crushing the air out of his stepson’s lungs, whose cries for help had now turned into desperate gasps. Your zipper is down, too.
“Get away from him.”
“You don’t tell me what to do!”
“‘To protect someone you love.’”
“You are insane. Get out of my house!” Anibal shouted.
“And you are rabid.”
“I’ll fuck you up too, little bitch!” Since Marcelo was still clinging to the wrench for dear life, Anibal couldn’t snatch it away from him, so his instincts told him to look for his baseball bat. Where was it? But instead of him finding it, the bat found him. Straight. In. The. Face.
There was a blinding, electric flash of white pain followed by a loud bell ringing. Is it time for church? If it was, this was great news because the blow had shaken his bruised soul to the core, pushing and pulling it furiously against the insides of his being. I can see, Anibal thought, relieved, when bright stars appeared before him as his cheek, nose, and ear ballooned to deformity. Then, after hitting the floor hard, he tried to glimpse of the figure looming over him but ended up staring both at the ground and at the girl at the same time. This shouldn’t have been possible. Something was terribly wrong.
“Ofelia, n-no!”
Marcelo’s voice sounded distant. Why was this? Anibal couldn’t tell. His capacity to think had been torn apart beyond wanting to find out the full extent of his injuries.
“He’s rabid,” Ofelia explained, unphased.
Was it bad that Anibal felt no pain? After his left hand slipped on the oil-stained ground when he tried to move, his arms and legs stopped obeying him.
“Get the biggest knives in your kitchen,” said the girl.
“W-what are you doing?”
“Graduating from killing animals to killing monsters.”
Despite his efforts to ask for help, Anibal’s tongue laid dead in his mouth.
And then it was too late.
FROM THE PRIEST’S JOURNAL
“The meaning of life lies in the smiles of your children.”
Abe told me that, right before hanging up. This is the first time we’ve spoken in months, and I could practically smell the alcohol in his breath through the phone. When I opened the door to find him, he was already there waiting for me in his car, passed out in front of the steering wheel with an empty bottle of Cacique by his side. 
Are the rumors true? Is he working with the collectives?
If that’s the case, I want nothing to do with this.
May God have mercy on our souls.
CHAPTER 42
18 MINUTES AGO
“Ofelia,” said the priest, understanding.
The lights on the screens died, and a pregnant silence fell upon them. The sudden darkness sent Ismael’s senses into overdrive. He remained motionless, giving his pupils a chance to adjust to the gloom, while the sound of rain hammering the roof and the murmur of confusion around him kept him from hearing anything else.
“Your Majesty?” asked one of the king’s subjects before a bullet pierced his chest.
A strobe of gunshot flashes flickered in the dark as gunfire and screams replaced the tense stillness of the last few seconds. The hiss and rattle of tear gas canisters came soon after. A blast from a shotgun blew up two of the television sets in the back of the throne. More bullets whistled through the air amidst the cries of the Skulls and the shouts of the collectives led by Abraham, who was wearing a bandana to hide his face.
That son of a bitch found us, the priest laughed, relieved. He’s making it look like a turf war. The Skull who wore the gold rings dropped hard near Ismael; a shotgun blast had torn half of his masked head off. This is it! I must get out of here.
“Find where they have the prisoners,” ordered Abe. “My daughter will be there.”
Ofelia adjusted her mask to ensure total anonymity before shooting a man in the head with the gun she’d offered to Ismael. The wounded man spun back like a top and landed on his butt, struggling to prevent the mess of tissues and teeth his face had become from spilling onto the floor. Then, she turned to Ismael and made him stand at gunpoint.
The Mime King would not let him get away without a fight.
“Your Majesty, look out!” the deacon shouted, firing his weapon twice as Ofelia and Ismael stayed low and took cover behind a desk. The tear gas was starting to become a problem; the priest’s watery eyes stung like hell, and each breath came harder than the one before.
More gunshots roared around them until Ofelia drew her pistol, popped her torso up and fired twice, both times hitting her target. The priest then noticed a flashlight strapped to a rifle pointing directly at him; he flung himself to his stomach, his hands protecting his head, and waited for the fatal instant of pain that would end his life. Bullets flew above his head and sent bits of the desk raining down on him, but death didn’t come.
Ismael looked up. The man who shot him was already bleeding on the ground while the Skulls and the collectives shot each other through the smoke.
“Get up!” the deacon said, pulling Ismael up from his armpit as Ofelia provided cover for them. The three of them flattened against the nearest wall, coughing, and made a run for it as a barrage of bullets hit the ground near them.
Just when it seemed they were making progress, gunfire emerged from out of nowhere. Both the deacon and Ofelia twisted around and returned fire.
After a series of loud bangs, without skipping a beat, the deacon replaced the magazine in his gun and unloaded five more shots into the men that had attacked them. “Done,” he said, twisting his lips in a weird smile. “I killed the bastards that killed me.”
Before his body touched the ground, Ofelia managed to catch the deacon and helped him to the floor where he began to convulse. She opened up his shirt to find a single bullet hole oozing blood in the middle of his chest. One glance at his face told Ismael that man wouldn’t survive more than a few seconds.
“Remember. Cross my heart,” were the deacon’s last words.
“And hope to die,” Ofelia pointed her gun at the priest. “Get. Back. On. Your. Feet.”
Right after they left the deacon behind, more shots rang from afar.
The priest knew God did not exist, but he couldn’t deny it was nothing short of a miracle they’d walked out of there unscathed. It wasn’t until Ofelia had closed a heavy sliding door behind them, after having led him down a trapdoor and a set of stairs, that he realized they were far from the shooting.
A secret exit? He had to give credit to his goddaughter. You’re one crafty little cunt, kiddo.
They were now in a damp basement where a maze of pipes and conduits crawled along the walls. In the middle of the room, a deep hole full of water, black as tar, smelled of mildew. It was like being inside the bowels of a metal monster where no light could reach them except for the occasional stabs of lightning that flashed through the cracks in the barricaded hopper windows.
Ismael suspected this area was not part of the original construction. It made little sense for this structure to be there. As the rain drummed harder outside, he realized the Skulls had not only taken up residence in that abandoned place but also bent it to their will by adding rooms.
A splash got the priest’s attention. In the strange water pit, Luz shivered, desperate to get out.
“What’s happening out there?” Shackled to an anchor of sorts, she swam to the edge of the tank, but the chain only allowed her upper body to rise out of the water.
“How did he find us?” Ofelia asked Ismael.
“Your father is old-school. I guess we were both stupid enough to think he would limit himself to tracking a GPS signal.”
Although the mask hid her face, her tone gave away the regretful understanding of her mistake. They’d been sloppy. After months of hiding in plain sight and careful planning and torturing, she had rushed things and now was paying a high price for her mistakes.
“The bastard tracked you here,” Ofelia said.
“Like a hound,” Ismael touched his nose.
“Ofelia?” Luz gaped at the Mime King, recognizing her. “It can’t be. Why are you dressed like the king?”
“Ofelia is the Mime King, you idiot!” Ismael said.
“No, she isn’t.” Luz’s eyes grew wide in confusion. “You cannot be our king.”
“Shut up, Luz!” Ofelia said.
“Yes, Luz, shut up,” Ismael told her. “You wouldn’t want to end up like your brother, would you?”
His goddaughter pointed her weapon at him.
“You shut up, too! I’ll make you kill yourself.”
“Are you prepared to what it takes?” asked the priest.
“You doubt me?” Ofelia wondered.
“No,” he said. “Orchestrating your rape, talk about commitment.”
“You didn’t do anything to me. It was all an act.”
Ismael replayed the scene in his head. The memory of those moments was both vivid and hazy. What had really happened, then?
“The drug you injected me—”
“My own concoction.”
“Is that how you’ve built your cult? Bread and circuses?”
“More like drugs and violence,” she nodded. “But sure.”
“Still, letting Jeremías die to give your followers that last push…” Ismael let out a whistle. “That’s cold.”
Luz’s blank stare turned into a grimace of surprise. “You could have saved him?” 
“Don’t listen to him,” Ofelia warned Luz. “He’s a liar.”
“Come on, Luz. You saw the recording,” The priest walk towards her. “You know I’ve always told the truth, even if it meant my altar boy would kill himself.”
“Shut up!” Ofelia took a step toward Ismael and tripped over a pipe, almost falling into the water tank.
“Think about it,” he continued. “She deceived you and your dear brother, brainwashing him so he wouldn’t love you anymore.”
Luz’s lips trembled, and the priest was sure it had nothing to do with the icy water.
“One more word and I’ll tear out your spine,” said Ofelia.
He burst out laughing.
“Remember the video. You know what happened, my child. She gave him the drugs and sacrificed him to set a trap for me. She let him die while we fucked.”
It happened in a blur. Ofelia fired her gun as Luz screamed, seizing her by the leg and dragging her to the tank. Ismael fell on his back, pressing with both hands where the bullet had grazed his thigh.
“What are you doing? Let go of me!” Ofelia told Luz. “That’s an order. I am your king!”
“You’re no king, bitch.”
Luz slammed Ofelia behind the knee, making her lose her balance and hit the ground hard. There was clang accompanied by a groan of pain as her shoulder crashed into a pipe.
Incapable of standing up because of his litany of wounds, and wondering if his goddaughter still had the firearm, the priest looked at the tangle of limbs near the rim of the tank as the women fought.
Luz punched her former leader everywhere she could, dragging her closer to the water after each of her blows landed. Ofelia writhed and tried to free herself from her grip, trying to get back on her feet, but the floor was soaking wet. In a matter of seconds, Luz would either tear off her mask and drown her or beat her to a pulp.
Where’s the gun? Ismael asked himself before a loud gunshot reverberated in the basement. 
CHAPTER 43
13 MINUTES AGO
Black blood, she thought, gaping at her wet hands, dreading death.
They let go of each other, both of their wounds gushing blood blackened by the absence of light. One of those wounds, however, was fatal.
With a heaving cough, Ofelia ran the back of her palm over the mask, staining it red, while still aiming her firearm at the lifeless body floating in the water. 
She’s dead. Transfixed by the bleeding hole in Luz’s disfigured face and her remaining eye staring into nothing, she had to remind herself that a corpse could not hurt her. But Ismael still could.
 Ofelia squinted to make out some other movement in the dark. Her finger was ready to pull the trigger. When she was eight, Abraham had taught her to use a hunting rifle, and in the last year, she had trained every night, making sure her aim was always true in a world filled with lies. She pushed up into a sitting position.
I cannot fail. She pressed her hand against her throat where Luz had sunk her fingernails to fight off the pain. I will not fail.
“Let’s not play hide-and-seek.” Ofelia tilted her head but couldn’t hear her godfather over the drumming of the rain outside. “You can either wither in jail…” Leaning against the door, she rose to her feet. “Or be an Internet celebrity. I—”
For a second, she thought the flash that blinded her had been a lightning strike nearby, but the ache and swelling beneath her cracked mask were immediate. After forcing her eyes open, she saw colored spots. Ismael was over her, with a metal tube in his hand.
The priest swung the pipe down like an ax and knocked the gun out of her hand. She wailed in pain. Do something! As he readied his next blow, she kicked him between the legs. Neither of them knew how or when they had ended up tangled in a fistfight on the floor, but there they were, panting again, staggering to get back on their feet.
The pipe Ismael used to attack her rolled towards the tank and disappeared into the water.
Ofelia’s gun lay on its side halfway between them.
The first one to grasp it would decide both of their fates.
CHAPTER 44
11 MINUTES AGO: EPIPHANY
Exhaustion had been seeping in for hours now. All of Ismael’s muscles ached, all his wounds throbbed. But nothing was worse than the piercing pain that exploded in his shoulder every time he moved it.
And she noticed it.
The priest screamed as Ofelia sunk her thumb into the knife wound until she found his bone. To reach the firearm first, he’d have to knock her unconscious. It was his only choice. Fighting his dizziness, Ismael used both hands to overpower her, and for a moment he succeeded.
“You should have let me die that night in my church.”
“Never.” Her voice didn’t waver despite the effort. “You will kill yourself, as Marcelo did.”
“I never meant to hurt him.”
She drew her masked face close enough for him to see the rage burning behind her eyes.
“To hell with your intentions!”
“You give me too much credit, kiddo. The boy sealed his fate when he killed his stepfather.”
“He didn’t murder that rabid animal,” she said. “I did!”
The priest held her harder by her wrists and pinned her down.
“What are you saying?”
“That afternoon, the bastard had abused my friend one too many times, so I broke his skull with his own baseball bat.”
Ismael smiled at her. 
All the puzzle pieces fit together. 
Without realizing it, he loosened his grip. 
“Your dad discovered everything and hid the evidence.”
Ofelia, squirming from his grasp, buried her knee in his groin. The jolt of sudden pain made him cringe and moan. The priest fell on his side as his hands went down to protect his crotch, while she crawled away, groping for the gun.
“Abraham was never going to let his daughter end up in juvie,” she said. “He is great at keeping secrets. We’re all guilty, and we will pay. You were just the first on the list. But I admit it, you were not supposed to be this difficult.” Her eyes darted everywhere. “Dammit! Where is it?”
“This way! I hear more people down there,” shouted a voice from the floor above.
“Remember, the rapist and the mime are mine!”
The priest and the king stayed motionless for the longest second.
“That’s your dad. It’s over, Ofelia. All over.”
She struggled to her feet and headed towards the door. “It will never be over as long as I live.”
Ismael watched her leave, limping away as fast as she could, and knew she wasn’t lying. Why? Why? Why? Why won’t this end? Then he remembered, that wasn’t the right question, and suddenly he knew. His mind came into focus, like static from a radio clearing up. He knew the answer. He understood.
“Who?” Ismael asked himself. “Me!”
He had to act quickly, with no hesitation. If his instincts were right, and the collectives had gunned down most of the Skulls, then it all came down to killing Ofelia.
A flash of lightning lit up the basement through the slits and cracks in the barricaded hopper windows. Then the priest felt that for the first time since his heart attack luck was on his side.
To his right, the gun was lying there, within reach.
“God’s timing is perfect.”
FROM THE MIME KING’S MANIFESTO
No one is coming to save us. No one is coming to save you. It’s up to you. And me. Not because we are special, but because we are not. We are all the same. Their plot is to invade your mind, make you believe only they have the keys to the kingdom, but the truth is they are lost, and they have lost. We are under attack, and it’s up to us to fight back. Praying isn’t enough. There are many things you need to do. We cannot achieve peace if you don’t take action. There won’t be peace as long as there is inequality among us. You and I are no different. You and I are the ones who rise because praying isn’t enough.
CHAPTER 45
8 MINUTES AGO: EPIPHANY
His strained breath came louder and faster as the corridor outside the basement narrowed. Even if it had been properly lit down there, the underground passage would have still been oppressive and claustrophobic.
Ismael peered down the hall, fighting the blurriness in his vision while holding the gun with both hands. Where are they? He twitched his unharmed shoulder, unable to shake the feeling that the walls were closing in on him. Didn’t we hear Abraham outside? Wiping blood and sweat from his forehead, his mind raced with explanations: Perhaps the pipes had carried their voices down there, deceiving him; maybe they were one level above and would never get to where he was now.
Enough! Stop relying on others. They don’t matter, he thought, turning left in the next corridor. It’s all up to you.
Aware that he needed to find Ofelia fast, the priest tried to make as little noise as possible, trusting his senses to keep him on the right track. His only comfort lay in knowing his goddaughter was tired and wounded, too. She couldn’t have gone very far.
“Shit.”
A dead end. The network of stairs and corridors the Skulls had built underground was beyond disorienting. The place was a goddamn maze. With passageways that transformed into tunnels, openings that connected to the sewers and rusty staircases that led nowhere, it didn’t surprise Ismael that, despite having raided the abandoned construction before, the police had never found them there.
Keep moving. The terrible pain in his hand and shoulder made him clench his teeth. Don’t stop.
A few minutes later, fearing he’d lost her, the priest came to an intersection of two corridors and saw something out of the corner of his eye. Ofelia was about to go through a hole in the wall, at the end of a cavernous tunnel that led into the mountain.
“Put the gun down,” said someone behind him.
This time Ismael’s smile was one of frustration.
“Abe, the Mime King is there.” He nodded to his left. “Let’s finish this.”
“There will be enough Skulls in body bags tonight to consider this a W. I can live with that, as long as I bring you in.”
The priest’s grip on the gun tightened as he closed his eyes, letting all that had happened come rushing back to him: Marcelo’s suicide, his heart attack, Ofelia’s revenge, and the never-ending emptiness that awaited him after his last breath. When Ismael died, God had died with him, but something else, something primal, had replaced that faith, forever lost: the will to live.
When administering the anointing of the sick, he had often heard that facing death brought a unique kind of mental clarity. Now he knew this to be true. I am not afraid of the Grim Reaper, for I’ve seen his face and received his kiss, he thought, not with resentment but gratitude. In his mind, dying had made him realize he hadn’t been truly alive, but instead waiting for a salvation that would never come.
I deserve nothing; I am not special. The priest opened his eyes. “And neither are you.”
“Shut up and do as I say.”
“James 2:18.”
“I’m not a walking Bible.” The police chief sounded confused. “Drop the gun!”
Ismael pushed everything else out of his mind and focused on the here and now. Ofelia was so close. If I run, I will get to her in time. But Abraham was behind him, his gun at the ready. Would he dare shoot him in the back?
“You said you could live with the king escaping, but that’s not true. Your daughter is what matters, right? You haven’t found her, but I have! If you want to see her, we must reach the Mime King before it’s too late.”
After saying this, Ismael ran towards Ofelia with no intention of stopping unless a bullet snatched the life out of him.
CHAPTER 46
5 MINUTES AGO: EPIPHANY
It was impossible to tell what changed his mind at the last second, but Abraham chased him instead of pulling the trigger.
The promise he made to his wife hours before laid heavy on his conscience, that was for sure. But Abe couldn’t lie to himself. Not today. It was more than that. Deep down, he believed locking Ismael in a cell to pay for his sins was the right thing to do. Judged by all, his compadre would have to make amends for his own mistakes and help him heal wounds that had been open for far too long.
Besides, that was the only way Abe could save his own soul.
“Bring him alive, hon.” That’s what Marta had told him. “Swear to me that you will find our baby girl without becoming a killer. Promise me you won’t become a monster like him.”
But what if he already was a monster? Was that why his conscience had been weighing him down since Marcelo’s sentence? No! You were only protecting your daughter, keeping your family safe. Abraham turned the corner in front of him, into a tapered passageway. Without wanting to, the image came to his mind of the altar boy in his bunk with his bloodied mouth open and his pale face distorted with panic even in death.
It was that place, that damn place, dark and damp, where the Skulls were hiding. It made Abraham feel like he was lost in some catacombs, trapped in the bowels of the earth.
There he is!
Abe’s eyes could not believe what he was seeing.
“What are you doing, Ismael?”
On his knees, in front of the Mime King, the priest grinned, pressing the Glock’s barrel against his own temple.
“Killing myself,” said Ismael.
Dear God.
Still pointing the firearm at his old friend, Abraham raised his free hand to calm him down. “Heavens knows I want you dead, but not like this. I promised Marta that I’d bring you alive. Put the gun down, please.”
Why can’t I do it?
“There’s no audience. If no one is watching us, who will know the truth?” Ismael’s eyes locked with the king’s. “Good ol’ Abe is great at keeping secrets, right?”
As soon as the king made a move to his back pocket, the police chief pointed his 9mm at him. Something was wrong. He steadied his hands, letting his years of training take over to ignore the aftertaste of fear on his tongue.
“Not another inch, Marcelo!”
Why can’t I pull the trigger?
The Mime King glanced at the hole in the wall. Outside, the rain stopped.
“Are you going to let it end like this?” the priest asked the king in a casual tone. “We’re guilty. We have to pay.” He then offered him the gun. “Take it.”
“Don’t do it, Ismael!”
Just wound him, and that’s it.
“I’ll do whatever it takes. Judgment Day has come. Take the gun, Your Majesty, or you’ll never get your revenge.”
“Stop, or I will shoot,” Abraham’s voice was as tense as the rest of him.
You are a good shot, man. Trust your instincts.
But that was it. Abe couldn’t trust himself. His mind, his heart, his guts… they were all telling him different things.
“Kill him first, and I’ll commit suicide,” the priest promised the king. “In articulo mortis, remember?”
Marcelo is going for the pistol.
Everything happened at once.
As the Mime King drew something out of his pocket, Abraham pulled the trigger. The sharp, hissing sound of the shot reverberated in the tunnel, followed by the splash of a body collapsing on the wet floor.
Still kneeling, the priest dropped the gun and put both hands behind his head.
“Move, and you’ll die,” Abe warned his compadre.
When the chief approached the Mime King, he stepped in a pool of fresh blood. At his feet, the masked man writhed and moaned. But his voice doesn’t sound like a man’s. It sounds almost… One of the king’s hands pressed the bullet wound in his stomach while the other one held a mobile phone that looked somehow familiar.
Abraham exhaled slowly before unmasking the Mime King.
CHAPTER 47
19 YEARS AGO
Abraham was running on fumes.
Never had he been so tired or happy or afraid. He was also pretty sure caffeine and sugar were his two new dearest friends. Sorry, Ismael. The last forty-eight hours had been both the worst and the best of his life. As a doer and not a sitter, his experience once his wife went into the delivery room was nothing short of humbling. Knees shaking, waiting outside in a chair for the sound of their newborn’s first cry was the hardest thing he’d ever done.
Since surgeons got to charge more for C-sections, and they could do plenty of those throughout their nine-to-five, natural childbirth in Venezuela was almost unheard off by 1999, even in San Isidro. Low risk, high reward. At least for them. Now, after Marta had fought and pushed for over six hours to bring a new soul into this soulless country, Abe agreed with the doctors. 
A C-section would have been better.
And then he heard Ofelia cry for the first time.
“Whatever it took, it was worth it,” he whispered, holding his baby a few minutes later.
It was the tiniest, most beautiful thing he’d seen. They’d made her. Him and his wife. He understood the biology behind it, and still, there was not a doubt in his mind: This was a miracle. Those big eyes, that smooth black hair, the sweet smell of hope coming from her head… Oh, God! He wanted to hold her in his arms forever, protect her from the sharp edges of the world.
“You should get some shut-eye,” Marta told him from her bed in a soft, tired voice later that night.
“Me? You are the one who had to push seven pounds and 21 inches out of your—”
“Honey,” she raised her hand, interrupting him. “I know. I was there.”
“Right,” he yawned.
“When was the last time you slept?”
“Last year,” Abe joked.
It was also true, however. His wife had gone into labor the evening of December 30th and given birth to Ofelia as the clock struck twelve on New Year’s Eve. The first baby of a brand-new millennium.
“That joke is so bad it bullies smaller jokes,” said someone by the door.
“Father!” Marta managed a tired smile.
“Ismael, you are here. How?”
“I took the stairs.” The priest walked towards Abraham and put a hand on his shoulder. “Congratulations!” He glanced at the scant Christmas decoration in the hallway outside. “And Happy New Year too, I guess.”
“But I thought you were busy with the…” Abe couldn’t remember what it was that his friend was studying these days. “Thingy.”
“You won’t get in trouble for coming here, will you?” Marta asked.
“I am me. You don’t have to worry.”
He loves saying that before or after breaking the rules. Abe shook his head. That’s what I like about him the most.
“Do you want to hold her?” Marta proposed to the priest.
“May I?”
“Just be careful,” said Abraham, handing him over his baby girl.
“I would never hurt her.” He smiled at the newborn. “She’s beautiful.”
“She is perfect, compadre.” Abe emphasized the last word.
“Compadre?” Ismael raised his brows in question.
Marta nodded her consent.
“There’s not a rule that prohibits priests from being godparents,” Abraham said after he sipped lukewarm coffee from a small plastic cup he’d placed on the windowsill. “Right?”
“Well… the church frowns upon it,” the priest explained.
“Why?” Marta wondered, half asleep.
“Fear of favoritism.” Ismael must have seen something in Abraham’s expression because he hurried to say, “But like I told you before. No worries. I am me.”
“Glad to hear that,” Abe patted his friend’s back. “How long are you staying?”
“Depends,” Ismael said. “How are you?”
“Marta and the Ofelia are fine.”
“I am asking, how are you?”
How could he answer that when ‘he’ was not the same? The last two days had changed his entire life. Was he a different person? No, but he could tell his moral compass pointed to a different north now that he had a baby; there was nothing he wouldn’t do to keep his daughter safe. He was willing to go to impossible lengths; do things he would not have considered forty-eight hours ago. He would do whatever it took to make sure Ofelia’s smile would never fade.
“I’m one happy dad,” said Abe, gesturing for his newborn.
“Marta is asleep,” said the priest, looking at his soon-to-be compadre. “Why don’t you catch some Z’s too? I’ll keep an eye on her.”
“Nah. It’s fine.”
“Sure?” The priest handed him the baby back with care.
“Yes. I want to hold her a little longer,” Abraham replied, keeping Ofelia tight in his arms, knowing he’d rather die than see her hurt.
CHAPTER 48
2 MINUTES AGO: EPIPHANY
“Good God,” whispered Ismael, covering his mouth in fake dismay. “What have you done, compadre?”
As if it was red hot, the police chief threw the mime mask to the floor and stepped back, murmuring something unintelligible. There was no sign of sadness, nor surprise, nor pain on his features. It seemed as if he’d forgotten he could feel anything.
“Dad?” said Ofelia as the color drained from her face, turning as pale as the mask she had worn so many times.
“It is not you,” Abraham shook his head as his daughter’s eyes began to glass over and become lifeless. “It can’t be you. This is not how it was supposed to happen. God wouldn’t let this happen to us. We are good people!”
Ofelia opened her mouth, but her last words would remain forever unsaid.
“Compa, your little girl is gone,” said Ismael. “You murdered her.”
Abe turned to the priest, but instead of meeting his eyes, he raised his gun and studied it carefully, as if he’d never held a firearm before in his life.
“It was Marcelo. Not my daughter. Not my baby.”
“No. Deep down, you knew. You had the evidence locked away in your office. And now Ofelia is dead just like Marcelo.” Ismael’s voice was as soft as velvet. “You killed them both.”
Abraham fell to his knees and retched on the floor next to his daughter’s corpse. Soon, his vomit and Ofelia’s blood combined into a single, foul substance.
“I didn’t kill Marcelo.”
“You covered up what Ofelia did to Marcelo’s stepfather. For Christ’s sake! To incriminate an innocent child and drive him to suicide…” Ismael rose slowly to his feet. All the pain had suddenly left him. “That’s why your baby girl did this. She hated you.”
Just then, Abraham burst out laughing.
The priest did nothing but stare at him, uncaring, until Abe’s cackles turned into sobs.
“I had to protect her.”
“I know.”
“She was special.”
“Was she?”
“This is all a mistake. I never wanted Marcelo to kill himself. He was underage. After a few months in juvie, I would have helped him get out.”
Ismael put his hand on his shoulder.
“You meant well, compa.”
“I did.”
“But what will your lovely wife say when she finds out you’ve killed her little angel?”
Abe’s eyes darkened with madness.
“I… M-Marta…”
The priest gasped.
“And your job. When the evidence comes to light, they won’t let you be a policeman anymore. Oh, no! You don’t think you’ll end up in prison, do you?”
“W-what do I do?”
“Shh.” Ismael leaned forward and helped him tighten the grip on his gun. “Do you know what I learned in the sweet emptiness of death? The only thing that matters is what we do in life, compadre. The question is…” A pause. “What will you do now?”
Ismael straightened up and walked towards the tunnel exit, without ever stopping to look behind him. His footsteps echoed until he heard a single, definitive gunshot.
A SUICIDE NOTE
I am certain this is hell. And Heaven is oblivion. There’s but one path left to carve, one that will hush the demons; I must find peace.
The milk has gone sour.
EPILOGUE
NOW
The priest smiles, picking up the mime mask.
Outside, a monarch butterfly flutters its wings, flying toward the dawn rising through the gray clouds behind the mountains.
Marcelo, Ofelia, Abraham… They are all dead.
It is then he realizes Ismael Niebuhr didn’t survive the night either.
Never settle for less than you deserve, his mother had told him.
The mask in his hands is exquisite: two hollow aces of diamonds instead of eyes and a carved, black smile twisting his lips.
Promise me you will be great.
“I promise,” said Ismael.
The king puts on his mask and steps out the tunnel as he sees the sunrise on the horizon.
The End
ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
Thank you, Lizeth, for being my rock and believing in me when no one else did, not even myself. Special thanks to Lessons from the Screenplay’s Michael Tucker and Kinda Funny’s Nick Scarpino for helping find the books I needed to read to complete this story. I’d also like to thank my parents, José Manuel & Amarylys, my brother Manuel, and my friends Rafael Polanco and Erlan Reverol, and everyone else from “El Pasillo” with whom I’ve had the pleasure of talking to about the transformative power of fiction.
THANK YOU!
Thank you so much for reading this book! If you enjoyed it, could you please write a blurb on Amazon, Goodreads, or your favorite book site? Trust me, word of mouth still goes a long way in publishing, and your opinion will help! 
You can find me online at:
Twitter.com/Viscant
Facebook.com/navanieveschristian
I usually send advance copies and other cool stuff to people who follow me!
Best,
Christian Nava
