STRANGE TALES
FOR COZY NIGHTS – 1 

by Brian Bakos


Hello dere, friends!


cover: Othoniel Ortiz    photos: Brian Bakos

Copyright 2017, Brian Bakos / revised 10-2019
Smashwords Edition

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. It may not be re-sold or given away to anyone else. If you want to share this book, please buy an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, please return to Smashwords.com and obtain your own copy. Thanks for respecting the author’s hard work.

Table of Contents
Prologue
Thing in the Lake
Voyage
The Man Who Loved Winter  
Haunted Woods Excursion
Healer
Bear Country
The White River Terror
Personnel Enhancement Service
Rifle King
Connect with the Author
Brian’s Other Books

Prolog
Are you the sort of person who enjoys a little distress with your evening mug of cocoa? Do mysterious abominations creeping in the gloom hold a special charm? 
If so, these nine stories are for you. They encompass a wide variety of topics and settings, so with a little imagination, you can put yourself into at least one scenario. Not to worry. The best part about nightmares is waking up and discovering they aren’t real. Or are they? 
Happy reading! 
Thing in the Lake

1. The thing finds me
Something thuds against the bow as I drift through the darkness. 
What the hell?
I drop to my knees and switch on the flashlight, expecting to discover a small log or maybe a beer cooler floating in the water. You never know what some drunk will toss off a party barge. I ready my paddle to shove aside the obstruction. 
“Ahhh!”
My flashlight tumbles into the water as I fall back along the floor. The canoe rocks, threatening to capsize. 
God help me!
But God is nowhere in this night. I’m alone and unprotected as clouds scud across the sliver of moon. My canoe ceases pitching. The thing in the lake scrapes the hull with the scratching hands of death. My own hand trembles as I flick on the electric trolling motor clamped to the stern. 
I grip the drive handle and bring my craft gently around. It bears me away. Somewhere, a loon shrieks.
My patio light draws closer. I scramble onto the seat and open the motor full throttle, not looking back to see if the horror pursues.
When the bow strikes dry land, I leap ashore. The next thing I recall is standing in the shower under a hot blast. 
I fall into bed.
* * *
When I awake, it’s still dark. The clock is lying face down on the carpet, and Jodie is not with me. 
Did any of this really happen? Am I still out on the lake, and this bedroom only an illusion? 
Things have come unstuck in the world. 
After daybreak, I drag myself downstairs to the kitchen and pop open a wine cooler. Jodie is fond of these, the sole blemish in her otherwise impeccable taste.
It’s the only alcohol in the house. I drink it fast and open another. Then I head out the sliding glass doors to the lake. 
The neighboring houses are distant and empty. Midweek interlopers like myself are uncommon on this gentrified part of the shoreline. My canoe is pulled into its customary place. Everything seems in order, except… 
That smear along the port hull – was it there before? 
I slug down half the wine cooler and gaze over the watery expanse. In other countries, this would be a ‘sea,’ but here in Michigan, it’s just one of several massive lakes gouged out by glaciers and augmented by dams. 
I’ve been coming here my whole life, since Mom & Dad owned the place – before the second floor got built and Jodie’s designer furnishings took over. The huge body of water seizes my mind and returns it to a winter day when I was twelve. 
You could look a long way down into the frozen lake. That’s where I saw it. No one else could, especially not Rex who proclaimed I’d “gone wacko.” But I knew what was there.
I return to the house and make a call on the landline. My cell phone is for my other life downstate.
2. Struggle to comprehend
The waitress smiles as I push open the glass door to the Kawfee Cup café. A few locals are scattered around the tables and counter, nobody I know. Rex sits in a remote booth wearing his usual jeans and checked shirt. His hair and beard are neatly trimmed.
“You look like crap, Ben,” he says.
“Thanks.” 
Same old Rex. We had many adventures together as boys, and we’ve kept in touch. When I come up here for a break, he can help me shed my more complicated self to take on the simpler aspect of this small town.
“So, what’s the big deal?” Rex asks.
The waitress arrives with coffee before I can tell him. 
“The mini-breakfast, egg over easy,” I say.
“Coming right up.”
This skimpy repast is all I can handle right now. The waitress departs. She is really cute. Hopefully, I haven’t been too blunt with her. I don’t want to come across as some insensitive jerk from downstate. 
Rex is a blunt guy, too. That’s another reason I like him. He’s devoid of the political hackery and double talk I must deal with in the working world. He isn’t one to stick a knife in your back.
I spend a few minutes trying to absorb the relaxed ambiance with my coffee. Then I get to the point. “Remember when we were kids and I saw that car under the lake ice? You said I was crazy.”
Rex grins, good-natured, though a bit apprehensive. “Yeah, how could I forget?”
“But I was right, as later events proved.”
“I’ll grant you that,” Rex says with a tip of his cup.
How to continue? The waitress arrives with my breakfast. I dig in, stalling for time. 
I’m famished and regret not ordering something more substantial. Rex has a calming effect on me. The waitress’ friendly attitude also gives me some grounding. My numbed sensibilities begin to thaw.
Rex turns reflective. This is the point where he’d yank a cigarette out of his shirt pocket and light up, if such things were still allowed in restaurants.
“That was quite a day, all right,” he says.
I wait for him to say more, but it’s not forthcoming. 
Well, don’t expect too much from a hick, I think uncharitably.
I drink some coffee, holding the warm mug like a comfort blanket. “Something similar happened last night.” 
Rex’s eyes flash, and he gulps hard. “Really?”
“Yeah, I took my boat out on a ‘loony cruise.’ Something was in the water.”
I have another sip of coffee, wishing it was a powerful cocktail, instead.
“What was it?” Rex says in a virtual whisper.
“A body.” 
Color drains from Rex’s face. “Did you report it the sheriff?”
“No need for that.”
“No need? If there’s a body in the water, the sheriff’s gotta be informed.” Rex glances around and lowers his voice. “Do you know who it was?”
I shrug. “Sorry, that’s all I can tell you.”
Rex looks like he’s been slugged in the gut. Time hangs suspended in the little restaurant.
“More coffee?” the waitress asks. Her name tag identifies her as Carla.
“Please,” I say, “and more for my friend, too.”
She smiles warmly at me, but pretty much ignores Rex. He could be having a coronary and she probably wouldn’t notice. Rex is only the familiar truck hauler and handy man, while I’m the exotic ‘rich guy’ from down south. 
The fact I can think in such terms verifies the release of tension. My sophisticated, or at least cynical, self is reemerging. It really does help to get things off your chest – especially when it’s a vision of death floating in the water, glassy eyes staring into a flashlight beam.
Carla tops up our coffee and leaves, swaying her hips. She’s maybe a year or two out of high school, and life must be looking rather dead end-ish here.
Rex recovers from his shock. “Hey, don’t do that to me, man. A joke’s a joke, but – ”
“This isn’t a joke.”
“Damn,” Rex says. “Damn…”
He stares at me like I’m a ghost. I can’t resist the temptation to reach across the table and grip his forearm. He jerks back; I grin wickedly.
“Did you tell Jodie?” 
“She’s back home now. Our schedules don’t match this week.”
“I see.”
A vacuum descends on the conversation. I take a final slug of coffee. “It was good talking to you, pal. Sorry if you’re upset.”
“No… it’s all right.”
For a moment, all the social strata b.s. falls away. I’m suddenly fed up with who I am and what I do, with the people I associate with back home. Rex is unvarnished, but he’s a true friend. He seems an object of pity now, sitting here, baffled. 
I stand and drop a fat tip onto the table. “Thanks for listening to me.”
“Right…” 
I pay our bill at the register.
“Come back soon,” the waitress says as she hands me the change. 
“Sure thing, Carla.” 
I notice her watching me in the glass as I head for the door. Our eyes meet for an instant within the reflection, then I’m outside walking to my BMW. Carla’s obvious interest gives me a lift. The womanizing thing is in the past, though. I’ve got the real deal now and would never do anything to spoil it.
I look back toward the restaurant and catch a glimpse of Rex still sitting at the table, his head bowed, like he’s praying. 

Next stop, the public boat access point a half mile from my house. I spend a few minutes idling near the ramp looking out over the gray water.
This is where that cottage renter, Keith Anderson, drove his car into the lake twenty-five years ago with his wife beside him and their two children in the back seat. The guy cracked up and chose to end it all, for everybody. 
I was the first to notice the blue Chevy resting on the bottom with a U of M banner on its antenna, frozen mid-wave. Thing was, Anderson drove his blue Chevy into the lake during early June, four months after I spotted it below the ice.
3. Departures
My original plan was to stay overnight and drive directly to work Thursday morning, but another evening with my personal bogeyman is not an attractive option. I need to see Jodie.
This coming weekend is my annual corporate retreat – a pseudo-social event during which we ponder the coming year’s business. It can be sort of fun with its manufactured bonhomie, but the knives are still out, just as they are at the office. 
Many of us take a day or two off to prepare for the ordeal. That’s what I was doing at the lake – working on my presentation in peaceful surroundings. And so they were, until the unannounced visitor showed up. I’d been taking a canoe break to “chase the loons,” as Rex puts it. 
It had to be an illusion, some bizarre waking nightmare brought on by stress… but I know what I saw.
I take the scenic route home, enjoying the Lake Huron views and the slower pace of secondary roads. A stop for lunch, after which I read the Free Press on a park bench. 
I cannot shake the feeling of a haunted presence sharing my trip – riding in the back seat, sitting beside me on the bench hidden by the newspaper. I can almost see it, smell the damp odor; but, of course, nothing is there. 
At one point, I swerve onto the road shoulder while craning my neck to look at the back seat. Thereafter, I limit myself to occasional glances in the rear-view mirror. It’s tilted down to improve the view of the car interior. Classical music pouring from the sound system helps to occupy my mind.
For someone who spends much of his working day on the phone, I have a peculiar shyness about calling my wife. Jodie is with a high-powered law firm and has lots of her own pressures. She doesn’t appreciate being checked up on. Doing so seems like a lack of trust.
It isn’t until the northern suburbs that I call her.
“Weren’t you coming home tomorrow, after work?” she says. “Is something wrong?”
“No,” I lie, “I just got to missing you.”
A pause, then, “That’s sweet.” 
“Join me for dinner?” 
“Can’t. I’m still at the office.”

It’s past 9:00 when Jodie comes in. After a distracted welcome-home kiss, she heads into the shower. 
When she comes out, I have a warm oil massage ready. She purrs with delight under my fingers. Her body, lying prone on our bed, is a vision of paradise. Soft curves, flowing black hair, and a wonderful face buried in the pillow.
“You’re beautiful,” I say.
“Mmm… you’re not bad yourself.”
I add some warm oil to my hands and rub them along her back. “Our features would blend well. Someday, if… you know, we had kids.”
She’s asleep now and doesn’t hear me. Or maybe she’s just pretending.
* * *
A similar scene plays out Thursday night. Jody comes home late, exhausted, and goes straight to bed.
She’s working on a “monster case.” It’s a big hassle, but also a major opportunity. She’s getting away for the weekend, she vows. She’s bugging out early Friday and heading to the lake for two days of R&R. Meanwhile, I’ll endure the corporate retreat at another lake farther south.
I’m not pleased about Jodie’s solo trip. As I lie beside her, I think of the long, dark drive, the deserted forest area around the house, the distant neighbors, the howling of dogs and loons. Then I think of the 9mm automatic she totes in her purse like a fashion accessory, and I feel better.
What about the horrid apparition floating in the lake?  
That’s my personal bogeyman, though. I want to tell her about it but can’t. It’s another barrier between us. There are way too many barriers now – jobs, schedules, the children I want and she doesn’t. Things are drifting apart. 
I’ve been too wrapped up in nonessentials. That specter in the lake opened my eyes to the important things in life. Maybe I should be grateful to it. I feel a desperate burst of love for Jodie as she sleeps beside me, the moonlight dappling her nude body through the curtains. 
I must reach out to her – as soon as this terrible weekend is over. Sunday night we’ll drink martinis together, or wine coolers if she prefers. We’ll talk about us and what we mean to each other. We’ll rekindle our love. I’ve already slid into the divorce swamp once before. It won’t happen again. 
The political intrigues are deepening at my office. Profits are down for the third straight quarter, and the finger pointing is getting worse. Factions are forming up, and it doesn’t seem possible to remain ‘above it all.’ 
I’ve apparently been identified with the anti-CEO crowd. I’m not sure how that happened, only that certain people are friendlier these days and others more stand-offish. Rumors abound like poisonous insects.
Damn everybody!
I drift off to sleep. The thing in the lake tries to barge into my dreams, but the warm presence of Jodie keeps it at bay.
* * *
Friday morning, I see Jodie off early. She’s packed a bag and intends to drive up North directly from work. She looks more relaxed and happy now.
“See you Sunday night,” she says with her good-bye kiss.

Later, when I walk into my office, the atmosphere is tense and foreboding. People look the other way as I pass. When I enter the men’s room, the place clears out quick. 
I’m called in for a ‘conference’ during which I get the standard termination claptrap. I’ve done well in my job, but the company is “going in a new direction” and can’t retain people who “are not a good fit.” So, everyone “needs to move on.” 
Translation: the pro-CEO faction is pulling a coup and getting rid of anyone who is less than enthusiastic about the company’s “new direction.”
The boss is still rattling on when I get to my feet. “I’ve heard enough bullshit, thank you. Why don’t you go jump in the lake?”
The man gapes, startled and frightened – like he fears I’ll take a swing at him. The security guard who escorts me out is obviously embarrassed. I wish him luck and drive to the nearest watering hole.
I’m halfway through my martini when it hits me full bore – I’m 37 and out of work. Knowing the disaster was politically motivated makes it no less painful. 
Cooper and Tradero call. They, too, have been fired, as they were prominent members of the anti-CEO faction – ‘my’ faction. Tradero fumes. Cooper says he’s freed up now to pursue his dream of founding his own business. 
The conversations are mercifully brief. I don’t want company for my anguish. I need Jodie.
Yet, how can I approach her now? We’re not equals any longer. A man needs to be a breadwinner, at least as capable as his spouse. But it’s her role to support and sympathize with me – for richer or poorer. Right?
For the first time, I can identify with guys like Rex. I remember when he lost his well-paying factory job downstate. The job was a huge step up for him. He and his wife were looking at new houses and talking of a better future for their family when the layoffs came. 
My situation is nothing as bad as Rex’s, though. Is it? I have marketable skills and money in the bank. I own the lake house in the clear. Cooper might be onto something about founding a new company. Maybe I could go that route.
The whole thing has struck my sense of manhood a crippling blow. I try to tell myself things will work out, but deep inside, I can’t believe it.
4. Final solutions
Resisting the temptation to drown my sorrows further, I leave the bar and go home – shower, eat, try to nap. All the while I’m hoping Jodie will walk through the door; maybe she’s forgotten to pack something. I’ll reach out to her then and…
By late afternoon, it’s obvious she’s not coming. I think of the weekend stretching before me like a vast wasteland. How can I navigate it alone? 

More than once as I roar along I-75 North, I wonder what it would be like to swerve into an overpass abutment. I imagine the brief, violent event, then peaceful eternity.
Keep perspective! an inner voice cautions. It’s not the end of the world.
Only it feels like it. I’m 37 and starting over. My whole life has been a gigantic waste. Self pity is choking me. The humiliating episode of this morning keeps playing through my mind. 
Why wasn’t I more forceful? Why didn’t I slug one of those self-righteous jerks?
I get to the little town about 8:45. I haven’t phoned Jodie to say I’m coming, as I’m not sure if I’m coming or not. Maybe I’ll turn around and head back, or go someplace else, or go off and die. Anxiety and longing struggle in my mind. I desperately want comfort from my wife, but I dread her reaction. 
A beer can help me decide, or at least stall for time. I head to the Pine Knot bar and park amid the rows of pickup trucks. This isn’t the type place I frequent, but it’s the only watering hole around. As I walk through the door, it occurs to me that I’m nursing a lot of pain these days with alcohol.
It’s a country style place with twangy music blaring through wall speakers. In the far corner is a band set up. Carla, working behind the bar, is the only person I recognize. 
So, she’s got a night job, too. I’m grateful to see her, and the belt of tension around my head lessens a bit.
A few customers are drinking long-necked beers which she serves from a small refrigerator near the lottery game console. I take a stool at the empty end of the bar.
“What time does the band start?” I call over to her.
She looks up, and her face brightens. She walks toward me. “Oh, hi…”
“Ben,” I say.
As she gets close, her smile fades. I know what she’s thinking. “You look like crap!” 
She quickly recovers. “Hi, Ben. You’ve found me at my ‘second career.’”
I’m surprised to hear myself chuckle. “Well, it pays to keep busy.” 
“The band starts at 9:30. You going to stick around for it?”
I glance at my watch. “Oh… probably not. I just came in for a quick one.”
“What’ll you have?”
“Beer.”
“We’ve got – ”
“Tell you what,” I say, “just put your hand in that fridge, and whatever you touch first, that’s what I’m drinking.”
Carla laughs. “Okay, you’re the boss.”
She saunters back toward the fridge. She is a real eyeful. The locals at the other end of the bar express their appreciation.
“Ain’t you a little young to be working here?” one asks.
“What time you get off, Beautiful?” another one says.
She comes back with my beer. “I’m 24.” 
“Really?” I say.
She nods toward the guys at the far end. “Everybody says I look younger.”
“I thought you were fresh out of high school.”
“Don’t I wish! No, I’ve been through it all. Married, divorced… working at the Pine Knot.”
“Kids?”
She shakes her head. “Some day.”
“Are you from around here?” 
I feel better asking these mundane questions. It’s true that focusing on others can divert you from your own catastrophes.
“No. My ex was a local, until he took off.” Carla glances around the Pine Knot; she seems to be holding back a shudder. “I got to keep the trailer, so here I am.”
She fixes her eyes directly into mine. I feel an almost physical contact.
“Tell me about yourself, Ben.”
I detect a lot behind this statement. Curiosity, concern – interest?
“Well, I…” 
Before I can pour out my tale of woe, customers at one of the tables require attention, and Carla has to go take care of them. 
I swig my beer. I’m feeling more like a human being and less like a discarded automobile battery. Carla is sending out her vibe again, and what male wouldn’t be pleased with that? 
But it’s a slippery slope. Time to call it a night. I down the rest of the beer and leave some cash by the empty bottle. Carla is still busy with the customers and doesn’t notice me leave.
A glorious vision of Jodie accompanies me out the door, hovering in the air. Once I’m in the parking lot, it begins to fade. Anxiety replaces it. I look back toward the Pine Knot, but the sight of an uncouth crowd heading toward the place repels me. 
“Look at that thing,” somebody gestures toward my car. “Must be a millionaire here.”
“Yeah, let’s go kick his ass,” another one says.
The group of idiots guffaws. I get into my BMW and drive out of town. 
Turn back, you damn fool, says a voice in my head. You’re a loser. Jodie doesn’t want a loser.
“Shut up!” 
My headlights poke a tiny distance ahead into the gloom. I flick on the high beams, but the illumination scarcely improves. Life itself is being sucked away by the darkness. The turnoff appears before I know it, and I drive right past. 
Good move, the voice says. Now keep going.
I back up instead. A vehicle coming behind me honks and swerves. I make the turn.
A terrible sense of foreboding grips me as I drive along the narrow dirt road. I try to call Jodie but am sent straight to her voice mail. I think of trying the land line. 
What if she’s asleep, though? The jangling of the old-fashioned wall phone would guarantee a foul mood. I toss my cell onto the passenger seat. I already have enough bad news for her as it is.
Then a real terror thought strikes me. What if somebody is in the house with her? What if some local whack job has broken in and caught her unawares? What if those cruds from the parking lot are there, aching to brutalize woman from downstate?
Again, I sense a presence in the darkened back seat. I can smell cold death.
“Get out!”
I’m approaching the turnoff to the house. Ordinarily, I’d plow through this final 100 yards and park by the garage, but I’m not willing to do that now for some reason. I pull off into the underbrush and kill the motor. As I get out of the BMW, silence presses down like a coffin lid. 
Don’t go up there, you idiot!
I start walking. The familiar stretch of woods seems full of threats. Anything could leap out of the shadows and carry me off to hell. I sense a presence walking behind me, then beside me, but I dare not look over.
“You’re late, Ben Osterman,” it says. “That country band is starting to play already, and you’ve only just got here.”
Jodie’s car is parked outside the little garage, which strikes me as peculiar. Usually, she’s careful to protect it from the elements. 
I pause. Why the hell am I acting like this?
As if in a trance, I walk the final yards to the house and peer in through the kitchen window.
They’re sitting close together on the living room couch, drinks in their hands and smiles on their faces. Jodie scarcely resembles the ball of nerves I’ve had to deal with in recent days – she looks younger, happier, radiant. He is generic handsome, obviously successful. He’s got his arm over Jodie’s shoulder; he whispers something in her ear, and she laughs…

I am at the shore, moving through knee-deep water. It’s soothing, warm. It invites me to swim out to the middle where the lake turns rough and return is impossible – where the dead version of myself I discovered a few nights ago is waiting. A loon screeches. Something deep and seductive rumbles:
Do it! Join us.
It’s the voice of Keith Anderson. Beneath it are the wails of his family and all the other hidden dead. I wade farther out until water tops my hips, preparing to dive in and unite with the glassy-eyed thing floating amid the darkness.
A final glance at the house. The bedroom light upstairs flicks on.
“Damn you both!” 
I could take them with me, couldn’t I? Slip inside the bedroom and catch them unaware. 
I look beyond the house, through the dark woods, toward my BMW parked in the underbrush. And beyond that to the country bar where a woman is aching for a new life.
In that moment, on the cusp of extinction, I know the final choice is up to me.
Voyage

My ship has no rudder and is driven by the wind that blows in the undermost regions of death. – The Hunter Gracchus, Franz Kafka
The man had always sensed he was not alone on the voyage, that some other presence inhabited the ship with him. It lurked within the sails, the rigging, and in the dead hold which he dared not explore.
On what seemed the third day out, as he stood at the bow viewing the diseased ocean moving past, a figure approached. The man averted his eyes from its rigid, colorless face.
“What do you want?” His voice could not mask the dread he felt. 
The tall, gaunt form stood very close to him, rocking slowly – a great pendulum in cadence with the ship’s motion. 
“Come with me,” it said.
The man followed it to the helm. At a gesture from his frightful companion, he grasped the wheel in trembling hands. The power of the ocean surged through and held him fast.
Then he was truly alone. The ship increased its speed. An unholy wind filled the sails. As it raced ahead, snippets of memory appeared to the man – all of them bespeaking an evil life which was now over. 
The Man Who Loved Winter

Stanley McKinney stood on the rest home lawn near the sidewalk watching cars spray wakes of dirty water as they hissed by. Their headlights pierced the foggy evening air. Cold drizzle penetrated his robe. 
He looked toward the leaden, claustrophobic sky. “Middle of December and it ain’t snowed once. Some damned winter!”
He puffed his cigar. The luxurious smoke soothed him a little.
“Mr. McKinney! Stanley!” an authoritative female voice called.
A nurses’ aide advanced toward him under an umbrella. Her white uniform stood out in the dark.
“How did you get out here?” she demanded.
Stanley held his ground, refusing to answer. The aide gripped his arm and brought him under the umbrella’s protection. 
“You must come back inside right now.” She indicated the cigar. “You’d better give me that, too. You know the doctor says you can’t smoke.”
Stanley felt humiliated and unmanned, but he surrendered the cigar without protest. It still had plenty of good tobacco. The aide tossed it into a sidewalk puddle where it hissed briefly, along with the car tires.
Godammit, I’m 87! Stanley thought rancorously. What the hell difference can a cigar make now?
They made their way slowly back to the building entrance. Moisture from the sodden grass penetrated Stanley’s slippers, adding to his misery. Light rain pummeled the umbrella. He resented being corralled like this, but didn’t really mind walking with the aide, as she was one of the more attractive ones. She moved ahead up the front step, her white pants stretching over her rear.
Nice ass.
He wanted to grab a handful. That would be the act of a dotard; however, and he would not be regarded as an old fool. Also, it would be ungentlemanly, and he’d always prided himself on being a gentleman.
They entered the building, and the stink of the place attacked him. The home was clean and well maintained, but it stank nonetheless – a hopeless, beaten down odor that identified the place as the last stop before the graveyard. It cancelled out whatever cheer the occasional Christmas decoration tried to project.
The aide led him to a sofa in the patient lounge before the nurses’ station. Stanley groaned inwardly. This was the “Goner Lounge” where the most demented and severely disabled patients were placed. The more able bodied ones, like Stanley, avoided it if they possibly could.
“Just sit here and watch TV, Stanley,” the aide said. “The nurse will be along soon with your medication.”  
She bustled away.
“Medication,” Stanley scoffed.
He knew that tonight his tranquilizer dosage would be increased, due to his escapade. What was so bad about going out for a little walk? Surely, he was old enough to decide such a simple matter for himself. He narrowed his attention to the TV screen, blanking out the Goners around him as best he could. The weather report was on. The weatherman was pointing to an animated map with swirling cloud patterns.
“Looks like that storm we were expecting will move south of us tonight,” he said. “It’ll dump five to seven inches of snow in northern Ohio. Our viewing area can expect continued warm temperatures with light rain.”
“Isn’t that great!” said the bubble headed girl standing beside the weatherman.
“Isn’t that great?” Stanley mocked. He wanted to hurl something through the TV screen. 
The woman sitting to his left cried out: “My boy’s coming to see me tonight!” 
Stanley flinched.
“Shut up!” another woman spat, “I’m sick of hearing about your boy. He ain’t coming tonight any more’n he did last week.”
“Well I’ll be . . . ” the first woman muttered, wringing her gnarled hands. “I’ll be.”
The other lounge occupants remained flopped on sofas or lined up in wheelchairs. They cared little about the altercation or about what might be blaring from the television. 
A young man pushing a broom hurried down the hallway past the lounge. It was Tom, one of the clean up men! He gave Stanley a thumbs-up. Stanley experienced a rush of pleasure. 
Tom was the one person he could really talk to; the only one who seemed to listen. Actually, they talked very little, but Stanley felt they had much in common, a certain understanding – even though there had to be more than 60 years difference in age. Tom had been laid off from his regular job a couple months ago and had been working here part-time ever since.
Stanley glanced at the wall clock. Tom might be taking his break soon at the small lounge down by the cafeteria, the only place in the building where smoking was permitted. If Stanley could just get there somehow! Escape from the Goners; talk to somebody young and alive.
He looked toward the nurses’ station and caught the RN’s eye. She smiled professionally – pleasant but firm. She wouldn’t let him get away. He resented the power she had over him and despised himself for being unable to do anything about it. He tried to stare her down, but she merely returned to her paper work.  
She wasn’t bad looking, though. Forty years ago he might have asked her out, if he’d been single that is. But this line of thought only brought back aching memories of Leni, his deceased wife. This was such a terrible place for her memory to reside. Yet, increasingly these days, he felt her presence. At times it seemed as if she were sitting right beside him.
But not in the Goner lounge, please!
He glanced to his right. A woman stared back at him vacuously from her wheelchair. Her twisted hands lay in her lap, in front of her plastic bib. Stanley turned away with a shudder toward the TV. 
I’ll be like that, soon.
A quiz show was playing, but he couldn’t get interested. He’d not be able to get away to the smoking lounge, and the thought depressed him deeply. Then an opportunity for escape miraculously appeared.
One of the patients, a huge and ancient man, was filling a paper cup from the nearby drinking fountain. Some water slopped onto the floor. When he tried to walk away, he slipped on the little puddle. He fell stiffly and slowly, like some great tree in the north woods crashing to the ground. He knocked over a waste basket as he hit the floor. The RN and two aides rushed over to him.
Stanley rose from the couch and walked off, his retreat covered by the mayhem. He wanted to go quickly but could not surpass a leisurely shuffle. Every arthritic joint ached as he passed the group around the fallen man. Nobody noticed him.
Helluva a lousy getaway! 
Of all the deterioration he’d suffered in recent years, the inability to walk properly was the worst. He realized that soon he, too, would be sitting in a wheelchair staring at the TV screen in the Goner lounge, along with those others.

He finally made it to the smoking area, hobbled to a sofa, and plopped down next to a worn looking middle-aged woman. He took her to be a visitor taking a break from a depressing call on some relative. 
A few other patients idled about, including Stanley’s new roommate “Senator” who was sitting in his wheelchair beside the sofa. Stanley did not bother to say hello; the poor guy wouldn’t have noticed anyway.
Stanley’s previous roommate, Red, had died suddenly a week ago, and Senator was unceremoniously shoved in as a replacement. These events had devastated Stanley’s morale. 
He’d liked Red a lot. They were both avid pinochle players, and together they’d battled the other rest home card sharps. Stanley had no children, and Red’s didn’t care much about their dad, so the two old men had made a sort of family for each other. Now Red was gone, and Stanley had to put up with this new man who was quite senile and talked nonsense.
“We held committee hearings about that,” Senator spouted off in a loud voice, “back when Williams was governor. Good man, Williams, miserable taste in ties, though!”
The middle-aged woman nodded her head wearily, her eyes unfocused.
Stanley chuckled sarcastically. “Pay no attention to him. He just rattles on. You know, he tells everybody he used to be a state senator.”
The woman gave him a sharp look. “Well, I’m his daughter, and he was a state senator.” 
“Oh ...” 
Stanley felt like an idiot. To cover his embarrassment, he made a big project of adjusting his robe, flicking off bits of lint, tightening the belt. To his immense relief, the woman soon rose and wheeled Senator away.
“That’s my roommate back there!” Senator said.
“How nice,” the daughter replied.
Stanley had the whole side of the lounge to himself now. Attached to the wall above, a big air filter hummed its purifying tune. Stanley liked the sound because it obscured the cheerless noises of the rest home. 
He could focus on the machine’s low rumble and pretend not to hear the babbling patients, the shuffling feet, the whisk of wheelchairs being pushed along. He could narrow his eyes and imagine himself someplace else, in another time. Glancing through his slit eyes, he could pretend to be a young man again. 
Tom appeared. 
Stanley voiced his customary greeting: “Hello, Boss! Getting caught up?”
Tom smiled; he had such a kind face. He was not a big guy, but powerfully built like a wrestler or gymnast. The arms bulging from his T-shirt looked strong enough to snap the broom handle. 
Stanley’s arms had once been like that, back in the days when he still had hair and teeth. Tom walked with a slight limp, but that only seemed to enhance his masculinity – like an eye patch or a facial scar.
“Afraid not, Stan,” Tom said, “the other clean up guy didn’t come in, so I’m doing his work, too.”
Stanley gestured to the sofa. “In that case, you’ll need an extra long break.”
“You talked me into it.” 
Tom leaned his broom against the wall and sat down on the couch next to Stanley. His broad shoulders took up plenty of room; his whole body radiated vitality.  
“That’s a lot of floor to clean, eh?” Stanley said.
“Sure is. I’ll probably be here til midnight.”
Tom lit a cigarette. The smoke curled elegantly up before disappearing into the air filter. Stanley watched it hungrily. He’d sure like a puff, and to hell with what the doctor said! Tom glanced at him from the corner of his eye and grinned conspiratorially. He handed Stanley a fresh cigarette.
“Be careful with this,” he said, firing up a match. “Give it to me if anybody comes.”
“Thanks, Boss.”
Stanley savored a lengthy drag. He was a cigar man, usually, but a cigarette did just fine in a pinch.
“What do you think of this weather?” he asked.
“Can’t say as I like it much, especially not with all these visitors tracking in mud.”
“Mmm, bad weather for the skiers. Do you ski, Tom?”
“My girlfriend wants me to go sometime.”
Stanley warmed to the topic. “Girlfriend?”
“Yeah.”
“Like … serious girlfriend?”
Tom grinned and puffed his cigarette. “You might say things are tending that direction.”
Stanley chuckled. 
Probably best not to pursue this topic further. Things could be a bit iffy. 
Still, he felt like taking the young man’s arm and telling him: “Grab this girl, if she’s special, and marry her quick. Have lots of children with her!”
Stanley had never missed having his own children while Leni was alive. Their love was so powerful and exclusive there scarcely seemed room for anybody else. But now that she was gone, his lack of offspring pained him severely. He envied the patients who received regular visits from their children and grandchildren. These people were the lucky ones. Many more were like Red, forgotten and alone.
“I used to ski a lot when I was younger, at my cottage up north,” Stanley said. “Hell, what else could you do? Wasn’t none of them snowmobiles back then.”
Stanley visualized the snowy woods around his cottage. He could almost feel the invigorating breeze in his face as he glided on his cross-country skis, Leni at his side. 
“Must have been nice,” Tom said quietly, as if he, too, could see Stanley’s vision.
Leni was a true northern girl, of Scandinavian heritage. She knew skiing well and had taught Stanley. The happiest hours of his life were spent on skis with her touring the woods around their love nest. In honor of her memory, winter had become his favorite season.
“Sold the place a while back,” Stanley said, “couldn’t afford to keep it.”
What did it matter? The soul had gone out of the cottage twelve years ago when Leni died. Tom was looking at him. An odd, melancholy expression was on the young man’s face. Stanley tried to push away his own sadness with chatter.
“Lots of people don’t like snow. They save all their lives to retire in Florida. Then they have a stroke, or something, and end up in this joint.” He cackled derisively.
Tom said nothing, only listened quietly with that same pensive expression on his face. Stanley felt a bond with him, a silent handclasp across the generations. 
Such is the way of men. You just know certain things without having to say a lot of crap.
Tom blew a large smoke ring, then shot a small one through the middle. Both rose to the air filter and disappeared.
“Must be kind of depressing for a young fella like yourself to work here, eh?” 
“Sometimes,” Tom said. “I won’t have to do it much longer, though. Did I tell you I’ve been called back at the plant?”
“No … you didn’t.” 
“Yeah, right after new year’s. Me and my girl are taking a trip to San Diego to celebrate.”
“So, you’ll be quitting here soon?” 
Tom nodded. “This is my last night, and it’s bound to be a long one.”
Stanley puffed his cigarette, trying to absorb this latest terrible news. The smoke had lost all flavor. Tom snatched the cigarette away from him just as the nurse rounded the corner with her medicine cart.
“I’ve been looking for you, Mr. McKinney,” the nurse scolded.
“Been here all along.” Stanley tried to sound hearty, failed miserably.
“That’s right,” Tom said. “I’ve been keeping watch.”
“Really?” 
The nurse eyed the cigarettes in Tom’s hands with obvious disapproval. She handed Stanley a little paper cup. 
“All right, Mr. McKinney, please take your pill now. Then it’s bed time.”
Stanley knocked back the tranquilizer, carefully lodging it in a back corner of his mouth. He swallowed the cup of water the nurse gave him.
“There now, that wasn’t so bad, was it?” the nurse said.
Stanley got up to leave. “See you later, Tom.” 
“Take it easy, Stan.”
As he walked along, Stanley coughed into his hand and blew the pill out. He then slipped it into his robe pocket. The nurse was too preoccupied to notice this subterfuge. Pleasure washed over him at the tiny victory.

Back in his room, he searched the night stand drawer for his extra cigar, felt degraded when he couldn’t find it. No doubt it had been confiscated. Cursing quietly, but with great passion, he climbed into bed and got under the covers. 
The cigars had been a final gift from Red.
Across the room, Senator was sleeping with his toothless mouth agape. Stanley wondered what the man had been like years ago when he was a state legislator. He must have been an interesting guy before he’d become the human wreckage he was now – like they all were in this awful place.
Although he was tired from the night’s exertions, Stanley could not sleep for some time. He lay awake listening to the night sounds of the rest home, feeling the dead weight of the place press down upon him like a tomb lid. His nose wrinkled at the stink that never went away. 
Finally he drifted off. The standard dream began playing once more: 
He was a young man again, skiing on a gently sloping wooded hillside. He zoomed along, dodging the trees. The snow fell so heavily it made an almost solid sheet in front of him. Big, ragged flakes stung his face; the air had a wonderfully clean scent.
It was night time, but the snow radiated a wonderful brightness. His muscular arms dug in the poles, pushing him on to greater speed. A warm presence radiated out in the trees, unseen through the dense snowfall. 
Then . . . a whirring sound filled the air, getting louder. 
Stanley awoke back into the dreary reality of his room. He glanced at the night stand clock. A red 11:18 p.m. glared back at him, casting an eerie glow over his pillow. He stroked his forehead, saddened by his abrupt removal from the dream. His eyes drifted to the window with its half opened drapes.  
Snow!
He got out of bed and moved to the window with more alacrity than he’d had in years. Huge snowflakes were coming down in a furious deluge. A couple of inches had already accumulated.
So, that damned weather guy was wrong. 
Stanley shaded his eyes against the brightness and peered out into the storm. Somebody was out there. She was out there!
He grabbed his robe and rushed to the door. Trembling with excitement, he poked his head outside the room and cased the hall. The nurses’ station at the far end was empty. Closer by, Tom was operating a buffing machine. His eyes were fixed to the floor, and the machine’s low whir resounded.
Stanley crept across the hallway to the exit door and pushed his slight weight against the handle. It didn’t budge. He tried again, throwing himself fully into the task. The door banged ajar.
Tom jerked his head up. Surprise shot across his face, then a frown. He opened his mouth to speak, but Stanley silenced him with a fierce stare. The buffing machine ran on, polishing the same spot of floor.
“Let me go, son,” Stanley said.  
Machine noise covered his words, but he knew Tom understood them. Stanley waved solemnly. Tom lifted one hand from the machine and waved back. Stanley forced the door fully open, and the alarm sounded. 
No matter, he was free! 
He passed over the patio and out onto the wooded grounds. Leni waited for him there, young and lovely. Her laughter sparkled amidst the snow flakes. Stanley moved faster toward her, his arms swinging invisible ski poles. The flying snow forced his eyes into a squint.
He had the proper rhythm now. He was far out into the grounds. When he looked over his shoulder, the rest home prison was no longer visible. 
So long all!
Unable to continue any farther, Stanley sank to the ground and onto his back. He gazed into the sky, at the snow flakes coming for him. They gathered on his face with enticing coolness. He rose to join them. Nothing would ever hold him down again.
Haunted Woods Excursion

Stu couldn’t see properly through the skull mask. 
No matter what adjustments he tried, blind spots remained. He felt foolish wearing the mask and black robe, standing amid the drizzle in front of the nature center. He sneezed ferociously.
Ugh! What am I doing out here?
He removed the mask and wiped the inside. The air was clammy on skin which had been sweltering under the rubber.
“Sounds bad.” A guy standing beside him in a ghoul costume said. “You should’ve stayed home.”
“That’s what I’m beginning to think,” Stu replied.
If another lodge brother hadn’t begged off at the last minute, Stu would be home nursing his cold. Instead, he’d been coaxed into working the second annual Haunted Woods Excursion, the lodge’s pre-Halloween fundraiser. 
As per last year, the tour was being held during the October full moon. The Hunter’s Moon – or the “Blood Moon” as it was sometimes called – during which summer-fattened prey could be pinpointed in bright illumination.
Stu had been a prime mover in the first event, but this year he’d been largely inactive in Lodge affairs. He ran his own real estate office now and just didn’t have the time. There were health issues, too – angina, occasional shortness of breath, doctors’ warnings to “slow down.” 
Jim Berry, the lodge president, walked up. He wore a mad scientist costume, complete with bloodstains on his lab coat.
“Good to see you, Stu.” They shook hands. “I really appreciate your coming out on such short notice.”
“Just remember this when you’re ready to sell your house,” Stu said.
Berry grinned. “You’re on.” 
Stu forgot his misery for a moment and basked in the president’s good will. Jim certainly was an adept politician. No wonder he’d been able to oust the former president in the last vote.
Berry unfolded a map and handed it to Stu. 
“I’ve marked the whole route for you,” he said.
Stu examined the map under the dim light coming through the nature center’s glass doors. “Sure hope we don’t get lost.”
“Not much chance of that,” Jim said. “You’ll be sticking to the main nature trails. Besides, weren’t you a guide last year?”
“Yeah, but that was at the little county park.” Stu gestured to the darkened woods around the nature center. “This place is huge.” 
“It’s not that big,” Jim said.  “Besides, even if you did make a wrong turn, you’d still end up back here.”
“Yeah, sometime next month,” the ghoul added reassuringly.
Stu donned his skull mask again. A group of people was coming from the parking lot. Some boys ran on before them.
“Hey, bonehead!” one of them called out. “Is that a mask, or are you really that ugly?”
“Cute kid,” Stu muttered.
He walked into the nature center and made a quick tour of the exhibits. Display cases with examples of the park’s flora and fauna lined the walls. Dead stuffed animals gazed back at him through their glass eyes. One exhibit encouraged visitors to stick their hands inside various holes so as to identify objects by touch. He started to comply, then restrained himself.
Creepy.
Stu entered the little auditorium where Hank Duda was orienting a group for their trek in the woods. Hank projected images of witches, werewolves, and other abominations while giving brief histories of each. The audience seemed to enjoy the show, laughing at Hank’s jokes and outrageous puns.
The lights came back on. 
“And now you’ll have a chance to meet some of these creatures in person,” Hank said. “Good luck! I think you’ll need it.”
The group exited through a side door. Jim Berry approached Stu.
“That’s your bunch,” he said. “If you’re still concerned about the route, I’ll have Hank tag along part way.”
“Only part way?” 
“Yeah, I’ll need him back here,” Berry said. “He does the intro better than anybody.”
“Okay, thanks.” 
Stu’s party waited for him outside under a Hunter’s moon partially obscured by cloud cover. Fifteen people in all – family groups, with one young couple by themselves. Many carried flashlights. Stu noticed with dismay that the big-mouthed kid was among them.
“Why don’t we get going?” the boy demanded.
Stu looked to the boy’s parents, hoping they’d assert some discipline. They did nothing, though. The dad was big and blubbery, like an old football player gone to pot. The woman looked the timid, dishrag type, intimidated by her husband. 
Hank came out from the building and took an unobtrusive position in back. 
Well, let’s get this over with, Stu thought sourly.
He flicked on his big metal flashlight and led the way onto the nature trail. He was in no mood for banter. His sweaty mask increased the discomfort of his cold, and his eyes watered. The medication he’d swallowed barely kept his symptoms under control.
The obnoxious brat – Dougie, the parents called him – presented a further annoyance. Stu walked along glumly, not even noticing the phony coffin lying alongside the trail. He’d already passed it when the vampire leapt out.
“Blaaa!” it cried. 
Several people jumped back. 
“Vhere are you going?” the vampire said in a fake Hungarian accent. “I vant to talk to you.”
The crowd regained its composure and formed up in a semi-circle.
“I see you have nice red faces.” The vampire advanced, baring plastic fangs. 
“Vhy don’t you come closer, my friends? I’m not such a bad guy.”
Most of the people stepped back, except Dougie.
“You don’t scare me!” he sneered.
As if intimidated by the defiance, the vampire crept slowly backward. 
“I’m going home now,” he said. “I need a ‘coffin break.’ Then I’ll turn into a bat.”
He moved behind the box and crouched down out of sight. A moment later, a little baseball bat came tumbling over. The crowd groaned.
“Whew, that sucked!” Dougie said.
The boy’s father seemed impressed with such wit. Chuckling indulgently, he placed a hand on Dougie’s shoulder. 
Stu resumed the journey. He heard people moving in the woods alongside the path. They flicked on red lanterns and swung them wildly.
“Woooo!” the lantern bearers howled, startling everyone and bringing delighted screams from the kids.
Stu judged that two other groups were on the trail, one ahead and the other behind them. Laughter, howls, and screams filled the air. The clouds had vanished, unsheathing the bright moon. Magnificent oaks towered above them, rustling in the breeze.  
They arrived at a pond. Stu looked at his monster list under his flashlight ray.
Time for the water demon to show up.
He played his light along the surface until it located a figure standing waist deep in the water.
“Hey, get that light off me!” the water demon bellowed.
He waded toward shore, jabbing angrily with his trident.
“Some guy in a rubber suit,” Dougie remarked.
The outfit was pretty fake, as were those of the other ‘monsters’ they encountered. The routines were fun, though, and very entertaining to the children. Stu was impressed with his lodge brothers’ work. 
Despite himself, he got into the spirit of things.
* * *
The appearances took place in fairly rapid succession – the vampire, water demon, skeleton, mummy. Stu’s monster list did not include the actors’ names, but he recognized the various men lurking beneath the costumes.
Now, a lull set in. Stu wondered if he’d made a wrong turn. He’d not paid close attention to the route, assuming Hank would advise him. He looked back toward his lodge brother, and Hank flashed a reassuring thumbs up.
Without all the buffoonery of the various fiends jumping out of the woods, the night became eerie. The group of visitors drew closer together. Their flashlight rays pooled on the wood chip trail. 
Stu heard movement in the forest again, stealthy steps paralleling his route. He expected another outburst of howling or the frenetic waving of lights, but nothing happened. The suspense began to annoy him. 
Come on, guys, keep things moving.
He turned back toward the group. “Our ‘friends’ are making themselves scarce.”
He was surprised to find everyone crowded closely around him, like a bunch of kindergartners clinging to their teacher. The cheeriness had left their faces. Even Dougie was keeping his mouth shut.
Stu consulted his list. “Well, before long, we should be encountering – ”
A werewolf leaped out of the woods, roaring and flailing his clawed hands. Everyone jumped back, including Stu. A group fled several yards down the trail, then returned sheepishly. Their embarrassment might have been amusing under different circumstances, but nobody laughed now.
“They call me… Wolf Man,” the monster rasped. 
He stepped forward, menacing the crowd with his fangs. Even Dougie shied away. The guy was very tall and dressed in an incredibly realistic costume. Stu didn’t recognize who the actor was under the mass of hair. 
Those big fangs must hurt. 
Stu was glad the teeth weren’t jammed into his own mouth; the skull mask was irritating enough.
“I’ve been around a long, long time,” the wolf man said.
He paced through the dry leaves in great agitation, jerking his claws in spasmodic gestures. The performance was highly convincing. Stu looked on, wary and even somewhat frightened – like everyone else.
Who the hell is this guy?
“Only three things can stop me,” the creature said, “wolf bane, the mountain ash, and . . .”
He looked at the people, as if seeing them for the first time – eyes wild and mad. A growl rumbled in his chest.
Rrrrrr . . . Rrrrrr . . .
Seconds passed. A woman giggled nervously, then fell silent. Children cringed against their parents. Eyes widened and faces tensed. Stu was getting rattled himself. 
Why did I volunteer for this?
He looked toward Hank, who stood at the back of the crowd. Was he preparing to make a quick getaway? Stu wanted to get away himself, abandon his charges to the mercies of the night and to hell with this fundraising nonsense.
Instead, he cleared his throat and addressed the monster. “So, perhaps you can tell us what the third thing is, uh, Mr. Wolf Man?” 
The monster ignored the question.  
“Not long ago, some people tried to catch me,” he snarled. “They were never seen again!”
He let out a piercing howl. Wahoooo!
The wolf man dashed through the crowd, knocking aside Dougie’s father, and disappeared into the woods.
“You sonuvabitch!” the dad cried.
Stu regained his badly shaken composure. He tried to smooth things out. 
“Please try to understand, sir. It’s dark and hard to see from under all that make up.”
“Well, somebody’s going to hear about this!” The man looked to the others for support. “This is one hell of a lousy show if you ask me.”
Murmurs of assent ran through the crowd. 
Jackass! Why didn’t you stay home with that brat of yours?
Stu turned and stalked off in disgust, outpacing the group. 
Hank caught up with him. “Take it easy, Stu. Slow down a little.”
“Why do I get all the yo-yo’s?”
Hank shrugged helplessly.
“And who was that guy in the wolf man suit? He scared everybody half to death.”
Hank shrugged again. “I don’t know.” 
“You don’t know? Weren’t you on the planning committee?”
“Yeah, but… there’re some new members I’m not familiar with. I was too busy to make all the committee meetings.”
“Uh huh,” Stu said “Just get back there and keep them quiet, will you?”
“Okay, okay.” Indignation tinged Hank’s voice. “I’ll do that.” 
He drifted to the rear of the crowd. Stu walked on alone, nursing his resentments – his cold, the ill-fitting mask, Dougie and his jerk father. After some minutes, a fork in the trail approached. A right turn seemed the most logical course.  
Better consult Hank – try and patch things up with him, too.
Stu reached a hanky under his mask and wiped his dripping nose. He turned and looked back down the trail just in time to see a dark figure step out of the woods, grab Hank, and disappear with him. 
A gasp shot through the crowd. They rushed toward Stu. He suppressed an urge to flee the onslaught.
Cripe, of all the lame stunts! 
He wondered if it had been planned from the start, or if one of the guys hanging around the woods decided to get cute. Either way, it was a stupid gimmick. 
A young girl pulled his robe. “M-mister, some… thing grabbed him back there.”
Stu patted her shoulder. “Don’t worry, it was just a little game.”
But the others were shaken as well. Grim faces looked toward him out of the gloom.
“Hold on a minute, folks,” Stu said. “Don’t let the special effects get to you. I remember hearing complaints a while ago that things were too fake.”
“Of course it’s fake,” Dougie said in a pugnacious, though trembling, voice. He confronted the girl. “What did you think it was, the Boogeyman?”
“Why don’t you shut up already?” a woman cried shrilly from within the crowd.
Stu feared a reaction from Dougie’s father, but the man only stood silently, his mouth clamped shut and his eyes wide. He looked terrified. 
Stu removed his skull mask. “Whew, I’m glad to get this thing off! See, I’m not as handsome as you thought I was.”
Nobody laughed.
“Now, it’s only a short way to the nature center.” Stu tried to sound jovial. “Let’s hope they saved some hot cider for us.”
He looked to the little girl. “Do you like cider?”
She retreated to her parents. “Let’s get out of here!” she wailed.
The tour planners had clearly gone too far. This was supposed to be a fun event, but these people were really shaken. Nothing like this had happened last year when Stu had played a major role.
“Well, folks,” he said, “this has certainly been quite an evening.” 
He looked down the right hand trail. In the moonlight, he could see a little bridge over a creek. 
Yes, that’s the right way.
The troll was coming up next, then two more monsters. However, a short cut after the troll would allow them to bypass the remaining creatures. 
The sooner we get back, the better.
“We’ve seen a lot of interesting things,” he said cheerily. “I’m sure this is a night to remember, for all of us.”
He led the way down the right hand path. He was warming to his charges again, felt protective of them – even Dougie and his moron father.
“In a little bit, we’ll see the troll,” Stu said. “He’s the last gentleman we’ll meet tonight.” 
He’d directed this remark at the little girl, but she did not seem reassured.
“You’ve heard of the Three Billy Goats Gruff?” he asked. 
The girl said nothing.
“Well, that old troll never learns, and he’s still living under that bridge.”
He shined his light ahead on the foot bridge. “That’s his house right over there. Let me go on ahead and find him. Maybe he’ll come up and say a few words.”
The group waited as Stu walked alone onto the bridge. Its members were a rueful sight, clustered together in their pool of flashlight beams. The gigantic oaks hovered over them like a haunted cathedral. 
Stu felt terrible. He hoped fervently that some idiot wasn’t planning another shock for them. They’d clearly had enough.
“Come on up, Mr. Troll!” he called. “You’ve got visitors!”
He leaned over the railing and shined his flashlight into the little stream below. Nobody was there. He directed his light over the other side. Still no one.
Damn, we must have gone the wrong way! 
He silently cursed Berry and his whole crew. 
“Looks like we may have to backtrack a little,” he said, trying to sound light-hearted. “Maybe that troll decided to move without notice.”
He unfolded his map and aimed his light down on it. The group advanced onto the bridge and crowded around. The girl’s father looked over Stu’s shoulder.  
“Maybe the bridge we want is back the other way,” he said.
“Could be,” Stu said, “unless there’s another one farther on.”
He trained his beam down the trail ahead.
From the darkness behind them came a violent sound of cracking branches, followed by a heavy thud. Stu whipped his light over.  
Hank!
A shock wave of horror crashed into Stu; pain stabbed through his chest. His flashlight beam played over the mangled body, revealing every detail. Blood seeped from Hank’s lacerated throat. The head lolled over. Terror-stricken eyes gaped at them, freezing everyone in shocked fascination. 
“Oh God!” a voice whimpered.
A horrified moan shot through the crowd. They drew back slowly, inexorably. Their mass crushed Stu against the railing.
Somebody ran off, others followed. Stu remained at the rail. He was trembling violently, his breath came in painful gasps. A hand gripped his throat, and the terrified face of Dougie’s father loomed out of the moonlight. 
“What’s going on?” The hand tightened on Stu’s throat; the voice shot up an octave. “What’s happening?” 
The iron fingers tightened. Consciousness began to fade. With his last strength, Stu swung his flashlight around and hit the man hard in the face. The flashlight shattered, the iron grip relaxed.
The dark silhouette of Dougie’s father stumbled back, jerking about like a demented marionette. A choked gurgle issued from its throat, then it disappeared into the darkness.
Stu was alone. His knees gave out, and he couldn’t stop himself from sinking to the bridge planks. The night closed in to suffocate him. He slipped through the railing and hit the stream bed below.
He lay on his back staring into the sky. Chill water penetrated his robe. An airplane passed overhead, its red light flashing. With each flash, the light grew bigger, dominating more of the sky and filling it with lewd color. A scream pulsed within it, becoming louder with each beat.
Stu was on hands and knees scrambling up the embankment.
Must get back . . . must get back!
Heavy brush blocked the route. He detoured into the woods, stumbled through the trees. The pain in his chest stuck viciously. He ran on, feeling nothing under his feet. Unhuman pandemonium filled the darkness – screams, grunts… footsteps getting near.
The pain struck again. Stu tripped over something and tumbled to the ground. His snotty nose ran into his mouth. An idiot thought passed through his mind: 
I must take care of this cold. 
He sprawled in the underbrush and awaited the approaching end. Wolf howls tore the air.
Healer

All children, born and unborn, are made in the holy image of God. – Stop the slaughter of the innocents, or Moloch prowls among us.

1. The summons
Father visited during the night. 
He stood in my bedroom doorway pointing his dead finger at me, chattering and cajoling in words I could not understand. The old terror gripped my insides with an icy fist, and I could not banish it. By early morning, I’d struggled into a dreamless slumber when an alarm inside my head jarred me awake. 

I groan and stretch until my knuckles bang against the wall. My yawns blend into a cry of distress.
Ah . . . Ahhh . . . AhhHHHHHHHH!!
Fear and exhaustion lie with me in the bed. The Power is taking control again.
An empty wine bottle sitting on the floor nearby serves as an ashtray. I dump it out onto an old section of newspaper and sift through the butts, selecting the longest one. After a moment’s hesitation, I light up. The tobacco, supercharged with noxious gases, makes my thumping headache worse. 
It’s pointless to keep resisting. 
I fling aside the covers and get out of bed, perplexed to discover I’m fully dressed, including boots. The doorbell rings. 
“What now?”
I stomp to the door and yank it open, surprising a paper boy on the porch.  
“G-good morning, sir,” he says in a barely audible voice. “Would you like to re-subscribe to the Clarion?”
The boy looks scared. My appearance must frighten him – wild hair, clothes twisted on my body, blanket fuzz clinging to my beard. I know what a mess I am.
“You can get the first month for only...” 
The kid’s voice trails off. He thrusts a complimentary newspaper into my hands and retreats down the steps.
“The people on this route!” he mutters.
I toss the paper onto the sofa. The damn thing is so skinny, why bother? Get the news online – if I still had internet service and my laptop. Terrible luck, that boy coming by. Because of him, I had to open the door, demonstrating it’s possible to leave the apartment. I don’t want to leave, but now I must – on my mission.
Even as these bitter thoughts occur, I know they are false. Of course I’ll leave today, paper boy notwithstanding, as I’ve left on other occasions to chase my ruinous destiny.
Can’t I refuse, just this once? Why doesn’t somebody stop me? There must be more to life than this. But something deep inside compels me to put on my coat, push open the door and trundle down the stairs into a late winter morning. 
I’ll go downtown, like I did before.
A short walk through the freezing wind gets me to the bus stop just in time. I wave vigorously, but the driver applies the brakes late and shoots past the sign. He’s reluctant to pick me up, no doubt. 
When I enter the vehicle, he shrinks away as if from a pestilence. Can’t say as I blame him. The bus is almost empty, and I speak to no one.

Two miserable hours wandering downtown fail to reveal any prospects. Winter has depopulated the streets. Even the busiest areas are mostly deserted, and anyone caught outside rushes past, returning to their warm offices or upscale cafés. Nobody wastes a glance at me.
I approach the river until metal rails halt my progress. A strange and threatening mist hangs above the icy water. Moloch, or some other terrible god, stalks within that mist, aching to feed upon us. The sight holds me fast as the cold chills my face and numbs my limbs. I want to remain here until everything is over . . . 
A voice interrupts. “Hey! You’d better get inside.”
It’s one of those River Walk cops, the guys who ride bikes in the warm weather patrolling for the tourists. What’s he doing out here today? His eyes are set and determined, so I mumble something back and retreat.
Nearly done in by the cold, I enter a cheap cafeteria to thaw out. Its customers are down-at-heel, mostly elderly men. They sit at isolated tables, sipping coffee and staring off into space. I fit right into this world without hope. As I stare into my own cup of hot, black liquid, I address a plea to… something.
You see, I tried. It just won’t work today. It’s not my fault. Leave me alone, please!
The dominating urge gripping me ignores all appeals. It’s becoming more powerful, growing impatient with my failures. I fling myself back into the streets until the frigid weather finally ends my search. I’m half frozen when I board a bus for a return to the suburbs. 

The bus is paused at the traffic light by the community college when I spot her. She’s exiting the main building via the parking lot door, walking slowly with a cane. Even from this distance, it’s easy to see her body suffers a grave affliction. Her movements are slow and distorted. The wind seeks to knock her over, but she continues gamely into its embrace.
I scan the area. Nobody else in sight. “Let me off here!” 
The driver starts to protest that this isn’t a regular stop, but he seems to think better of it and opens the door. 

She doesn’t notice me coming up from behind. She’s standing by a pair of large shrubs looking out toward the parking lot entrance. I am quite near when I spy the couple looking out from the building’s glass doors.
Damn!
They seem in no hurry to leave their post, but stay put gazing out to the slushy parking lot. I try to appear natural, as if I’m simply waiting for a ride. The girl is fumbling with her scarf and drops her notebook. She stoops slowly to retrieve it. A Sun poking through the clouds gleams on her auburn hair. She notices me standing next to her.
“Hi,” she says.
I don’t answer.
A trace of alarm flickers in her eyes. Haven’t I seen that often before? She stands up again, as straight as her body allows, and turns back to watching the entrance road at the far end of the parking lot.
The couple behind us finally leaves the door, but now a car is stopped at the entrance road waiting for the traffic to clear. I’m in grave danger of discovery now, but the power is incinerating me, bursting out on its own. My head throbs.
I grab her shoulders and shake them hard. “I’m here!” 
The girl’s cane and notebook fall from her hands. A scream fails to make it out of her throat.
“Please . . . oh, God!” she whimpers.
But I continue the manhandling. I can’t control myself. The girl’s head snaps back with each jolt. I reach an arm under her legs and lift her off the ground. A maniacal laugh bursts out of me as I toss her like a big rag doll.
A car pulls up. 
“Hey!” the driver shouts.
He’s coming at me. I dump the girl onto a shrub and take off for the athletic field beyond the parking lot. I’m not much of a runner, capture seems imminent . . . 
* * *
Leo charged out of the car at the man attacking his sister. “You sonuvabitch!” 
He was almost there when he slipped on the ice and went down hard. Sharp pain exploded in his rib cage. He sprawled on the pavement, unable to move, while Sharon wept hysterically in the branches. 
When the pain subsided a little, Leo struggled up and went to her.  “Don’t worry, Sis. I got a good look at him. We’ll find the bastard.”
He helped her out of the shrub. The pain in his bruised ribs was so intense he didn’t comprehend the truth at first. Then it hit him a sledgehammer blow. His disabled little sister was standing before him straight and normal. 
“M-my God . . .” he gasped. “My God!”
He wrapped her in his arms. She was almost too hot to touch. Looking over her head, he saw the Healer reach the end of the field and jump over a fence.
2. Discovery
I don’t want to get up from the TV when the doorbell rings. 
Is it the cops? 
The bell rings again. I wait for whoever it is to give up, but then the knocks come and the bell rings once more. I quaff a final drop from the bottle of cheap wine and get out of my chair. Somebody unpleasant must be at the door, like the apartment manager demanding rent.
But it’s only a young woman standing in the early spring sunshine. She draws back when I open the door.
“Hi,” she says.
She has a rolled newspaper in her hands and is wringing it like a dish rag. The bright sunshine makes me squint. The girl stares past me into the apartment. Confusion and awe attended her eyes.
“Well?” I demand.
“I… uh…” 
“Whoever you want to see, you’ve got the wrong address.”
A profound silence envelopes the porch. Spring sunshine and apartment gloom contended for dominance.
“You’re Richard Knox?” the girl asks.
“Yeah.”
“Then I came to see you.” She holds up the newspaper. “This was on your porch.”
I take the paper from her hand; it’s damp with perspiration.
“I lied,” the girl says. “I bought it myself… sort of a calling card.”
I want to order her away, but she’s too vulnerable and pretty for that. Some remote male yearning I’ve almost forgotten rises within me, keeping angry words from exiting my mouth. Besides, she looks vaguely familiar, and this makes me curious.
The best I can muster is an irritated frown. This makes her shrink back a step. She seems about to run off, but then she speaks again.
“May I come in, just for a few minutes? I thought we could talk a little.”
Against my will, I find myself stepping aside to allow her entry. I know her, somehow.
She stands in the middle of my living room, gazing around the shabby apartment with awe, as if she’s entered a holy temple. What the hell’s going on? She’s trembling and biting her lip. I recognize her at last.
“Okay.” I plop into my upholstered chair. “How did you find me?”
She looks my direction, her eyes wide and reverent. “It wasn’t hard. I got a good look at you that day. I wanted to come sooner, but… ”
She reaches out her hands. Before I can flinch away, she takes my face into them. “You’re the Healer. A true man of God.”
I twist my head away. “I am not!” 
“Yes, you are.”  
She begins to weep.
“Hey, don’t cry. I don’t like that.”
I stalk into the kitchen, as far away from her as possible and shout from the doorway. “It just happens! I have no control. It’s hereditary.”
She rushes forward and embraces me. I nearly lose my footing on the tile floor. “You blessed my life. I love you so much.”
Things are going on I can’t begin to understand. “Look, I’ve got things to do. I have to leave.”
But she won’t let go. Her auburn hair is soft and sweet smelling. I find myself stroking it.
“Please don’t turn me away,” she murmurs.

I never get to wherever it was I claimed to be going. At first, I refuse to talk. No, it’s more than that. I can’t talk. Something is holding me back – a tightness in my chest, a gagging sensation in my throat. Sharon busies herself with tidying the apartment and doing my laundry while I remain planted in the chair. 
My place is small, and it doesn’t take her long to tidy it up. She sits on a footstool beside my chair and tells me about the acute challenges of her life – until the events of last winter that “liberated my spirit.” 
“For some reason, I didn’t want anyone to know,” she says. “I quit school and moved away; I cut off my old friends, such as they were. I’m taking online classes now, so nobody recognizes me.”
“That’s how it is,” I’m surprised to hear myself say. “I don’t want anyone to know, either.”
Her ears perk up. She’s waiting to hear more about my ‘miraculous powers,’ but I quickly change the subject.
“What about the rest of your family?” 
“Oh, it’s just me and Leo now. Mom passed on two years ago and then Dad soon after. He never got over her death – the opioids… then the overdose.”
She pauses. Again, I’m taken by her beautiful hair which had beckoned to me on that day.
“We’ve got a lot in common,” I say, “except for the brother part. I wish I had one.”
“Yes, he’s wonderful. He’s always looked out for me, but I’ve decided not to pay attention any longer.”
“How so?”
Sharon studies the hands folded in her lap. She addresses her reply to them. “My brother warned me not to look for you. He said it would be unwise. ‘Things are going on we can’t understand,’ he told me.”
Another pause. Her hands have a life of their own, twisting in her lap.
“Leo said you’ve been touched by the infinite, that your power is a ‘two-way sword.’”
“Maybe he’s right.” 
Her face turns up toward me. Its fierce expression makes me recoil. “I don’t care if he’s right or not!” 
She seems astonished at her outburst. She smiles, and beautiful dimples appear in her cheeks.
“I told Leo not to worry about me. ‘Get a life,’ I said, ‘find a girlfriend.’”
“Did he?” 
“I hope so. Anyway, I’m giving him some breathing room – just send an occasional e-mail to say I’m all right.”
Things settle down, and the ‘conversation’ continues along more placid lines, interrupted by long, though not awkward, silences. Mostly it’s Sharon talking, with me dodging questions about myself, my past life, and my “gift.”
Lunch time arrives, and she leaves to pick up some food. I get out of my chair. It’s an old-man chair, full of aches and pains. I walk down to the laundry room and get my clothes from the dryer.
Then a shower in my newly-scrubbed bathroom, followed by a beard trim. I consider shaving the whole thing off, but decide against such a radical approach. You can only remake yourself so much in one day. A smiling face looks back at me from the mirror. I haven’t seen it in years.

“Well, hello again,” Sharon says approvingly when she returns.
She’s carrying enough Chinese take-out for lunch as well as dinner. She also hefts a grocery bag containing eggs and other breakfast items. The implication is clear.
“That’s quite a load.” 
I relieve her of the Chinese take-out. Sharon places the grocery bag on the kitchen counter and pulls out two bottles of wine.
“I didn’t know what kind you prefer, so I got a white and a red.”
To my utter amazement, I find myself wrapping an arm around her waist and drawing her close. It’s like some other guy is acting for me.
“As long as you come with it,” I say, “who cares what color the wine is?”
3. Respite
Sharon stretches luxuriously between the newly laundered sheets and cuddles against me. This is the first time for her, she’s said, and it’s been wonderful. What’s there not to like about that? I bask in her admiration.
“So, how many others have there been?” she inquires.
A blush warms my face. “Uh… girls? W-well… ”
“No, silly, I don’t care about that.” She gives me a playful nudge. “I mean, people like me, that you’ve helped.”
“Oh.” 
Coldness stiffens my body.
“I didn’t mean to upset you, honey. You don’t have to talk about it if you don’t want.”
A damp shroud of silence falls upon the once cozy scene. Sharon curls into a ball and waits for me to reply. Finally, I speak.
“I try not to remember how many. Could be nine or ten by now.” 
“Did any of them visit you?” 
“Never.”
Or almost. There was that near confrontation, maybe two years ago, with another young woman. She’d come up to me on the sidewalk. Our eyes met, and we recognized each other. Then she lost her nerve and hurried across the street.
“I’m glad,” Sharon says.
A few minutes of uneasy silence pass before the warm glow returns. We draw together under the covers. Sharon hoists the wine glass from the nightstand. It’s a delicate, stemmed piece which she selected during her shopping trip.
“I’m going to have your baby.” 
“What!”
“Oh, I was just dreaming out loud.” She takes a sip. “Sorry to shock you. I mean… it’s only natural to think in such terms, right?”
“Can I have some of that?” 
“Sure, honey.”
She raises the glass to my lips. The final contents go down my suddenly parched throat.
“Is there more?” I ask.
“No, but I can rush out and get another bottle… just the way I am.”
She flings off the covers. I burst out laughing, and tension exits the room.
“You’d better stay put. It’s a bit cold out for the Lady Godiva routine.”
She rolls onto her tummy. “In that case, scratch my back.”
I do so, and she moans with contentment. Her beautiful nakedness fascinates me. My own body sprawled beside her looks like a dead fish, with hair. What can she possibly find attractive about me? She’d seemed like such a child earlier, standing on my porch wringing the newspaper. Not any more. 
“You must be so lonely in this place,” she says.
“Yeah.”
“It doesn’t have to be that way, you know.” She nestles closer. “It shouldn’t be, ever again.”
We pull the covers over ourselves. Under the bedside lamp’s subdued light, the tacky room looks appealing and cozy. I enjoy the warm glow of the wine and of Sharon’s company. The grim realities of life fade into the distance.
It’s a moment that ought to last forever, but of course it doesn’t. Sharon wants answers from me, and she risks shattering the atmosphere to get them.
“Richard.”
“Yes?”
“Why are you so defensive about your wonderful gift?”
I’m prepared for her inquiry this time and offer a blunt reply. “Because my ‘gift,’ as you call it, is killing me.”
Sharon sits upright. “Really?”
“Every time I use it, there’s less of me remaining.” 
“Well, maybe we can stop it, the two of us together.” Hope pushes aside the alarm in her face. “There has to be a deeper reason why you found me instead of somebody else. I can help you get over it.”
A melancholy smile crosses my face. “I hope that’s true, before I end up like Dad.”
“He must have been a fine man. Tell me more about him.”
I go rigid. Why’d she have to say that? Why did I have to shoot my mouth off about him in the first place? I see again the pale and sunken face of my father. Before his death, he’d left me a chilling admonition: 
“The healer must heal, whether he wants to or not.”
“What’s the matter, Richard?” 
She’s right. The whole thing must be exposed to examination, in all its ugliness. 
My voice comes out dead, flat. “Father was a cruel and unreasonable man, at odds with the world.” 
No, this only scratches the surface; bring it all out.
“He was an evil son of a bitch – a frustrated serial killer.”
The hairs on Sharon’s neck prickle; she’s covered with goosebumps. 
“You want me to go on?”
She nods. “Y-yes, please.”
I seize the wine glass and pour a final drop down my throat. The delicate stem feels about to shatter in my grip.
“Dad was a war veteran. He said the combat terrified him, but he loved the killing part. He was always dreaming about it and wondering how he could start killing again without getting caught.”
Sharon’s eyes are wide and frightened in the dim light. She removes the wine glass from my hand. “What about your mother?” 
“She left. She was terrified. I wonder if Dad killed her, somehow.”
Terrible, dark forces threaten the circle of love around the bed. Sharon holds on to save me from tumbling into it.
“Dad started having seizures. He found that he possessed an awesome healing power. He projected it onto random sick and disabled people – people he wanted to kill – but he cured them instead.”
“How did he feel about that?” Sharon asks in a tiny, scared voice.
“He said he’d been cursed, that some ‘higher power’ was punishing him. He hit the bottle hard – crashed the car into a bridge abutment. Suicide, I think.”
Sharon’s breath comes in tight little gasps. She wants to flee, I think, and never return – charge naked through the streets screaming. A powerful surge of love overwhelms us, and she holds me more tightly in her protective grasp.
“I was in foster care for a while,” I say, “then not long after getting out, I started having the seizures, too.”
“Do you think it’s a punishment?” Sharon asks.
“No. It’s more like a judgement passed on me by some authority I can’t understand. Like you’re born into a crime family – it’s not your fault, but you have to pay for somebody else’s sins.”
“I love you,” Sharon says. “I’ll be here, whatever happens.”
Hot tears come into her eyes, soon my own tears mix with them. We cling together for some time. Then Sharon unleashes her own demon.
“I’m an abortion survivor,” she says quietly.
“What?”
“You heard right. Mom was very young, unmarried, yet she wanted to give birth. When it was clear I’d be handicapped, she caved under pressure and agreed to a late-term abortion.”
I’m too shocked to say anything. Compared to this horror, my own story sounds almost pleasant.
“But I was viable after they tore me out. Mom screamed for them to save me, so the abortionist chose not to stick the death needle in my heart.”
A deep groan climbs up from my soul. “Ohhh.” 
“I’m no abortion! I never was. What right did those bastards have to kill me? What kind of ‘doctor’ would do that?”
We lay together a long while. I stroke her hair and try to think of soothing words, but can only come up with more questions.
“What about your brother?”
“Leo’s my step-brother, from the family that took me in. They’ve all been great.” 
“They sure sound like it.” Another, more disturbing, question occurs. “Why did they tell you about the abortion attempt?”
“My birth mother asked them to tell me. She wanted me to avoid her mistakes.” A deep sigh. “In a way, I always knew. Don’t ask me how that’s possible.”
Sharon is sitting upright, gazing hard at me. She seems much older, somehow. “The most important thing I learned from them is, don’t despair, no matter how bad things might seem. You get that?”
“Yes.” 
“I wish Dad could have held out.” Sharon rubs her eyes with both palms, as if trying to dispel a nightmare. “He was always the strong one, but… those damned opioids! Abortion, any time for any reason – killer drugs, assisted suicide. What kind of death culture do we have?”
I’ve got no answer, just a shrug. 
“Well, this is sure depressing,” Sharon says. “Wait a sec, I’ll be right back.”
She bounds from the bed and out the door, her body an incredible vision of loveliness. My world is frigid without her, but she soon returns.
“I bought this as a thank-you gift.”
She clamps a gold bracelet onto my wrist. It glitters in the dim light. The front portrays a sunburst with a human face. Its smile is benign and mysterious.
“Thanks, it’s beautiful.” 
I give her a kiss. Any excuse for a kiss.
“My phone and email are etched on the back – just so you don’t forget.”
“Okay, great.”
“No more talking now, okay Richard?”
“Okay.”
I turn over on my back. Sharon moves her head to my shoulder, and the last of her tears dry on my chest. She’s on the verge of sleep, but I’m agitated by the catharsis we have undergone. 
Carefully sliding myself from under Sharon’s head, I get up and make for the bathroom where I rinse my face in cascades of luxurious warm water. I barely recognize myself in the mirror. The dour, gaunt features have softened remarkably, and color had begun to return to my pallid face.
“Handsome devil.” 
I breath deeply, and years of premature aging drop away. New power and vitality are taking over. Even my gangly hands look different.
Then, another face appears in the mirror – the insane visage of Father with its burning eyes and crooked mouth. His skin is ghastly pale. I can almost smell liquor on his breath.
“You have to be sick in order to heal others,” he says. “Don’t you know that?”
The face that had once terrified me holds no power now. It’s absurd, cruel, dead. 
I bark a scornful laugh. “I’m whole now. Don’t bother me again, you bastard!”
“If I’m a bastard, what does that make you, son?”
“Better than you ever were, for damn certain – dad.” 
I rap my knuckles on the glass. The ugly visage explodes, and I’m staring at my own reflection. It looks a bit absurd, too, and I laugh again.
4. Fate takes a hand
Sharon is asleep when I return to bed with the newspaper. I’m wide awake, maybe a little reading can help wind me down. It doesn’t take long. By the sports scores, I’m beginning to nod. An attempt at the crossword puzzle proves too demanding. 
I drop the pages on the carpet and flick the lamp switch. The parking lot’s floodlight provides the only illumination now. I close my eyes to blot it out and roll over to cuddle with my woman . . . 
A scream explodes in my brain.
NO!! 
My body lurches out of bed and thumps on the floor. The covers come with me. Sharon moans and turns over, but does not awaken.
“Mmm.” 
She lies on her side, facing me. She’s back to the way she was – like the first time I’d seen her standing alone outside the community college. 
It can’t be! It can’t be!
I switch on the table lamp again. Sharon turns away from the light but still does not awaken. I run my hands over her precious body, now so cruelly distorted. I clamp my eyes shut.
Change her back! I’ll go away… anything, just change her back!
Minutes of terror pass before I gain the courage to look at her. Sharon is prone now, snoring slightly. Her body is restored and healthy. I sag with relief; then bitter tears well in my eyes.
Damn it. Why did you have to come here?
All the others understood the necessity of staying away, but not Sharon. Love had carried her beyond all doubt and reason.
Father’s laughter echoes throughout the apartment, shouting that love is not for me. Anything I embrace will suffer. I dress quickly and throw together a few possessions, making quite a racket. Sharon sleeps on in the grip of the powerful forces determining her fate.
I pause at the bedroom door. An overwhelming urge to remain comes over me; I take a step back. A wavering distortion hovers in the air above her, and she begins to transform.
All right! I’m going! 
Dawn is beginning as I stride across the lot to my battered car. All the birds are awake and screeching; their cacophony thunders in my ears with the old command:
“The Healer must heal! the Healer must heal!”
From father to son. Sharon is the perpetuator of the line. She sought me out for that reason. After me, a new healer will arise. 
As the miles pass along my flight, another thought occurs: “Don’t despair, no matter how bad things might seem.”
The gold bracelet warms my wrist, seeking to offer comfort. Who am I amid all this mystery and suffering? Just a man seeking answers. And when I find them, I’ll return.
Bear Country

1. The tyrant returns
Tom, the son-in-law, looked out the kitchen window at little Susie playing in the snow. She didn’t notice him and would have continued building her miniature snowman had she not seen her father coming up the path.
She smiled and stood up. There was a weave to the man’s walk, though, and this frightened the child. Instead of running to greet him, she dashed into the cottage.
Her mother saw the little girl’s agitation and said: “Your father’s home?”
The other two children stiffened in their seats, and Tom crushed out his cigarette in the ashtray. 
A moment later, the door banged open and a large, enormously fat man – 350 pounds at least – entered the kitchen and shook snow from his shoulders and boots.
“Little snip ran from me like I was the Boogey Man,” he laughed. “Susie, it’s me! No abominable snowman tonight!”
The group around the kitchen table relaxed a bit. The big man picked up the child in his beefy arms. She detected the booze on his breath and wrinkled her nose.
The wife ventured, “We’re having the left-over roast beef, Bill. Coffee’s ready too.”
“Sounds good, Janet,” Billy replied. 
He kicked off his boots and rubbed his hands together. “Looks like that warm spell is over. We’ll be ice fishing again soon.”
Richard’s face brightened at the mention of ice fishing, but quickly grew solemn again.
“I got the insulation in the back bedroom done,” Tom said. “We can start the paneling tomorrow.”
Billy glanced at the young man, a flash of exasperation in his eyes. “Glad to hear that. Hope we’ve got enough nails for the job.”
He slipped his liberated feet into a pair of loafers and took his place at the table.
Tom felt strong, rooted to his chair, one rolled up hand atop the table. I’d like to hammer you to the wall, he thought, tightening his fist.
“Seems to be plenty of nails,” he said. 
An awkward silence ensued.
“Salt, please,” Richard said. 
He and Pam sat on their side of the table. The young teens looked very similar, almost like twins. Only the eldest sister Joyce, Tom’s wife, was absent from the family gathering.
Joyce had suggested this “fence-mending” mission – spend the long weekend getting on her parents’ good side by helping them remodel their north woods cottage. They were still upset about her and Tom’s recent elopement, and they needed some favor-currying.
Conveniently enough, she’d gotten sick at the last minute, leaving Tom to appear alone. Funny how she so often got sick or busy when it came time to see her parents. 
“Go on without me, I’ll be alright,” she’d said. “It’s just a little touch of flu.”
So Tom had come. He could never refuse when it came to Joyce. He’d quit smoking for no other reason than that she’d wanted him to. It was only since he’d been pushed into this tense situation that he’d lit up again.
Billy’s eyes narrowed and regarded Tom over their coffee cup rim. Tom stared boldly in return.
“Uh, Bill,” Janet said, “have they salted the road down at South Shore yet?”
“Don’t know. Didn’t come that way.”
“What way did you come?”
It was a silly question, since there was only one other route he could have taken from town. Billy acknowledged it with a snort. This gesture of contempt cut off any further discussion, and the meal passed in silence. Tom excused himself as soon as possible. 
He took his coffee cup to the adjoining living room and spread out in the recliner near the fireplace. According to Joyce, this fireplace had once been a cheery locale with glass doors through which you could watch the flames. Now it was occupied by an energy-efficient iron box with a door like that of a cremation oven. Fire hissed and crackled behind a tiny window in that door.
Tom flicked the TV remote – a quiz show was on – and extended the recliner’s footrest. His leg was acting up. The old injury seldom caused much problem these days, but now the ache was fierce. He lit another cigarette.
Talk began in the kitchen. Tom increased the TV volume to cover the chatter. Still, he could just barely hear the conversation if he strained his ears. He couldn’t help but strain now and then.
“I saw Florin in town today,” Billy was saying.
“Are they still coming over Saturday night?” Janet asked.
“Yeah. He told me he’d like to remodel his place, too, but couldn’t afford it. Where’s all this money he’s supposed to have?”
“You know they have two boys in college. There must be a lot of expenses.”
“Right.” Billy lowered his voice, almost too low for Tom to hear. “And either would have made a good catch for Joyce. So who does she pick? A factory hand from DEE-troit.”
Tom flinched. Nobody had to tell him his assembly line job was tough and demeaning, despite the good pay. He wanted more and was beginning Electrical Engineering classes when spring term came. He’d have to work nights to free up time for study, but he could meet the challenge. The Navy had taught him discipline and provided training which could be credited toward the college degree.
He and Joyce planned to spring the good news this weekend, but now Tom didn’t feel motivated to confide in his in-laws.
Heat from the cremation oven caused him to strip to his T shirt, revealing his powerful arms and chest. Tom was not a large man, but quite strong. He’d been a wrestler in high school and a boxer in the Navy; he’d maintained his physique well. Once in a while some jerk at the assembly plant would misread Tom’s compact size and slight handicap and try to hassle him. Nobody ever made that mistake twice.
“Hey Gimp!” somebody had said a few weeks ago. “Give me a hand here.”
“Sure thing,” Tom said.
The ‘hand’ he offered was rolled into a fist and slugged into the man’s gut with enough force to nearly rupture his spleen. When the guy returned to work, he requested a different assembly line station, far removed from Tom.
A bedroom door banged open down the hall, and Sam came bounding through, tail thumping on the floor. The little mongrel approached the table, clearly delighted to be out of its confinement. The youngsters froze in horror; their mother’s face recoiled, as if anticipating a slap. 
Billy gaped at the animal. His eyes bulged out of a reddening face.
“What’s that doing in here?” he bellowed, “I said that dirty thing should never be in the house!”
“But Dad, it’s cold outside,” Richard protested.
“Enough from you!” 
Billy grabbed Richard by the shirt and jammed his fist into the boy’s throat hard enough to make him gag. “I told you not to bring in these strays. I’m not fixing up this place to be a dog pound!”
“Dear, they just thought he’d freeze out there,” Janet pleaded. “I was going to tell you.”
“That’s right, Daddy,” Pam added in a trembling voice.
Billy released his grip on Richard. The boy pushed his chair away from the table and coughed from the rough handling he’d received. Susie fled to the bedroom from which the puppy had just come. These expressions of defeat seemed to calm Billy. 
He spoke in a quieter tone. “Get it out of here before I dump it in the lake.”
Janet quickly obeyed, opening the door and motioning to Sam. The puppy hesitated, yipping and wagging its tail. Billy shot out his leg and, with agility surprising for a man of his bulk, sent the dog flying with a kick. 
Things settled down again. Billy looked out toward Tom in the living room. A slight, taunting smile came over the young man’s face; he broadened his shoulders in a slow stretch.
Just you and me, fat man. Two minutes is all I want.
2. Things settle down
The next day went a lot easier on Tom’s nerves. No additional flare-ups occurred, and they managed to do a lot of work on the renovations. Billy seemed to have exhausted his reserve of meanness and was staying sober. 
His in-laws were upgrading this cottage into a second home. They’d bought it from an elderly man who’d had to sell quick without driving too hard a bargain. Tom wondered if the previous owner had been Stanley, a resident at the convalescent home where he’d worked during his layoff.
Billy had a rough sort of charisma that was quite engaging. He would have made a good foreman at the plant, somebody the men would have liked and respected – as long as he kept off the bottle. 
Tom resisted getting sucked in by the charm and maintained his customary cool, polite exterior. As much as he desired good relations with his in-laws, he could not get the previous night’s scene out of his mind. The crass brutality offended him to the core. What kind of upbringing had Joyce gotten from this family – the dictator father, the timid and frightened mother?
The elopement had been Joyce’s idea. They’d been driving to San Diego for a vacation when she’d suggested they stop off at Las Vegas to get married. Tom had agreed, but he couldn’t help wondering why she would cut her family out of the event. 
Now he knew. He also knew why she often slept so fitfully and had nightmares.
* * *
More snow came, giving the outdoors a cheery Christmas-like ambiance. Pam and Richard agitated for a sledding trip to Rocker Hill, and Tom agreed to take them Saturday for some moonlight runs. The kids were delighted to get outdoors and avoid a boring evening at home with the Florins.
While at the sledding hill, Tom resisted calls to join the fun and contented himself with watching the teenagers enjoy themselves. Sometimes they sat together on the long wooden sled; other times Richard went solo, lying prone and howling all the way.
These kids are great! Tom thought. How’d they ever get such a jerk for a dad?
The world seemed pleasantly serene under the moon and the area lights strung along the trees. Tomorrow would be the last day of this trial. If only things stayed on an even keel until then. Tom planned to work until mid afternoon, then make a quick getaway. He’d hardly known his in-laws before this weekend, and he knew them far better than he wanted to now – except for the kids. They were like the younger siblings he never had.
Even if it weren’t for his screwy in-laws, Tom would be anxious to leave. He was a city guy, and the quiet solitude of this northern area got on his nerves. The blank, semi-wilderness seemed to lack things necessary to sustain life – the same way the family lacked human warmth. This was all Bear Country to Tom. He hoped he’d never have to return. 
He stamped his feet against the cold and wrapped his scarf more tightly around his neck. It was a long and rugged thing, knitted for him by Joyce. It radiated her love. He was just about to change his mind and venture a sled ride when the fun abruptly ended. 
Wham!
The sled crashed against a tree. 
Tom trotted downhill to the young people sprawled in the snow. “Are you okay?” 
“I think so,” Richard said.
He rose and brushed himself off. Tom assisted Pam to her feet; she was equally unhurt, fortunately.
“That was quite a show,” Tom said. “Is there an admission charge?”
His attempt at humor fell flat. The two siblings stared grimly at the sled with its broken runner.
“Dad’s gonna be really pissed,” Pam said. “He just bought that.”
“Yeah…” Richard agreed.
The boy seemed to be shaking, and not from the cold. 
“Let’s go,” Tom said.
3. Fun and games
They pulled up to the cottage. The kids jumped out and started a snowball fight, their good cheer restored. Tom lifted the sled from the back of his pickup. Fortunately, the general store was still open, and he’d managed to purchase a new sled identical to the broken one. Billy would have no reason to go ballistic now – not that he ever needed a reason.
Pam and Richard burst into the house, breathless and red faced.
“On the back porch!” Janet called. 
They retreated to the screened-in porch to strip off their wet clothes. Tom hung his jacket and scarf on a wall hook over a jumble of boxes and assorted junk, then unlaced his boots and kicked them off. He advanced alone into the house, limping slightly. Billy, with Susie son his lap, was at the kitchen table playing cards with Jack Florin. 
Mr. Florin was a large, bald-headed man with a big cigar in his mouth. The kitchen exhaust sucked the smoke out into the piney woods. The women were in the living room chatting over coffee.
“This is our son-in-law, Tom,” Janet introduced, glancing at his holey socks with disapproval.
“Thought I’d dress for the occasion,” Tom wisecracked as he shoved his feet into a pair of loafers.
Mr. Florin seemed amused at this and broke out in chuckles. “Hey, I can still laugh with cards like these! Nice to meet you, Tom.” He extended a hand.
Tom took an instant liking to the man. Jack Florin came across as good-humored and friendly, someone you’d feel comfortable around. So why was he pals with a slug like Billy?
He’s been suckered by the charm.
Then there were his two sons in college that Billy had targeted as potential mates for Joyce. Well, maybe the charm offensive would be coming to an end now.
“If you’ll excuse me, I need a shower,” Tom said. “Those kids put me through quite a workout.”
“Wait a minute, young man,” Florin said, “can you play Rummy?”
“Sure.”
“Grab a chair then. Billy’s been kicking my tail. Maybe my luck will improve if we play cut throat.”
Tom hesitated. Pam and Richard dashed noisily toward the bathroom, jockeying for first rights.
“See, you’ll have to wait for that shower anyway.” Florin gestured toward Susie. “I’m not going to let you use her next time, Bill. She knows more about this game than either of us.”
Billy chuckled and held out a sausage-like finger to the child. Her tiny hand wrapped around it.  
“Yeah, deal in,” Billy invited with a wave of his beer can.
He actually sounded friendly. Maybe the past couple days working together on the renovations had paid off. Maybe Tom was ‘one of the boys’ now.
Again, he resisted getting won over by the charm. Tom vividly recalled the fear on Richard’s face when the sled broke, the immense relief he and Pam displayed when they’d obtained a replacement. 
“Well… okay.” Against his better judgement, Tom sat down at the table.
Billy’s luck cooled in the new 3-way game. Tom quickly assumed control with Billy in a fading second place. 
“I knew you’d bring me luck, Tom,” Florin said, “and so you did. All of it bad!”
Billy grew quiet and moody each time he lost a hand. He made trips to the refrigerator for beer, which was a bad omen. Janet looked over occasionally with apprehension in her eyes.
Tom tried to ease up, but the same spirit which had carried him through tough wrestling bouts and boxing matches prevented him from throwing the game. He was drinking now, too, and it brought out his reckless streak.  
Still, he realized a tactful exit from the game was necessary. Florin just wouldn’t give him a chance. He kept up a constant stream of banter that left little opening for Tom to slip away.
“You know, I’ve lived around here all my life,” Florin observed at one point, “but I still can’t stand the winters. Weather like this makes me wish I was back in the Philippines.”
“Oh, Jack,” Mrs. Florin objected from the living room. “Nobody wants to hear your old military stories,” 
“Lovely place, the Philippines,” Florin continued, ignoring his wife’s objection. “Always warm and friendly.”
“It certainly is nice,” Tom said.
“You’ve been there?” 
“Yeah, when I was in the Navy.”
“Really?” Florin’s eyes took on a devilish flare. “Great women there, eh? I know that’s one thing that couldn’t have changed any.”
A loud throat clearing from Mrs. Florin made him change the subject quick. “So… how long were you in the Navy, Tom?” 
“Just two years. I got banged up in a shipboard accident. They gave me a partial disability because of my leg.”
“Oh.” Florin attended to his cigar. “I’m sorry to hear that.”
“It’s not too bad, just slowed me down a little.”
“Yeah, he’s in great shape,” Billy said as he drained his latest can of beer.  “He just won’t be running any Memorial Day races.”
Tom did not try to conceal the contempt in his eyes, but he said nothing. Billy pretended not to notice and busied himself with Susie. The humming exhaust fan tried to fill the tense silence.
“Well,” Florin said, attempting to sound jocular. “I’d say some of us aren’t in the greatest shape either!” He reached over and patted Billy’s enormous gut. “Deal the cards Big Guy.”
This remark also flopped. Although Florin remained sportive, his opponents had turned sullen. Tom cut loose on Billy and used every trick to do him in, going so far as to feed important cards to Florin.
“Off Daddy’s lap,” Billy said midway into the next game.
“Can’t I watch?” 
“No, go visit in the living room.”
Susie jumped down and went to her mother. Billy moved to the refrigerator for a fresh supply of beer.
“I’m floating already!” Florin protested, but he took a can anyway.
Tom began to play with greater abandon. In every face card he saw Richard’s terrified visage, Pam and Susie’s fear, Joyce’s contorted face when she swam up from a nightmare. He laughed and banged his fist on the table every time he won a hand. Florin enjoyed the sport and joined in. Only Billy didn’t like it. 
Mrs. Florin intervened. “Let’s get going, Jack. We have to get an early start tomorrow to see the boys at State.”
Billy glowered at the mention of the college boys. He shot a covetous glance at Florin which the latter didn’t notice. Tom noticed, though, and it gave him perverse satisfaction.
The visitors took their leave. Florin was in no condition to drive, and his wife had some difficulty maneuvering their big Lincoln out of its parking space. She finally made it, coached by Billy from his position in the doorway. Then she was off with wheels spinning in the snow.
“Hope you get stuck,” Billy muttered.
4. Confrontation
He’d barely reentered the house when Janet called out: “Oh, Bill, we’re low on firewood, could you bring some in?”
“Yeah, just a minute,” Billy said irritably. “Let me get my boots on.”
Billy brought in his heavy boots and plopped onto a kitchen chair. He kicked his loafers into a corner with precise, violent motions. 
Since he was too obese to reach down very far, Billy used a long set of pliers to grip the boot tops. Tom smirked at this and was just drunk enough not to care whether Billy noticed.
“What’s so funny?” Billy demanded.
“Oh nothing,” Tom said, “you kind of remind me of the Tin Man with that wrench.”
“That’s real clever.”
“I thought so too.” 
Billy reddened and gave a final mighty tug. The boot slid into place. “If you’re so damn clever, how come you’re still an assembly line stiff?” 
“Well forgive me sir.” Tom stood up. “You don’t impress me as any great genius either.”
“I’m smart enough to see my daughter doesn’t know much about picking men. The little dope.”
Tom was too furious to reply. He ached to knock Billy out of his chair. 
Don’t hassle with him, an internal voice warned. The bastard isn’t worth it.
Tom made a deep, mocking bow and stalked off to his room. In a few minutes, he’d thrown his things together and was ready to leave. He was just coming out the bedroom when Billy re-entered the house with a load of firewood in his arms.
Billy pushed the door shut with his foot. The nudge wasn’t enough to close it, though. Sam wriggled his way in. Before anyone noticed, the little mongrel was at the fireplace, shaking and trying to warm itself by the iron door.
“Goddammit!” Billy exploded.
He threw the wood down and aimed a kick at the dog. Sam dashed out of the way. The foot sailed past and slammed into the fireplace bricks instead.
“I broke my foot!” Billy plopped to the floor. “Goddam dog!”
He would have nursed his foot if he could have reached it. The family raced in from their various hiding places and gathered round. Janet advanced to help.
“Keep away, leave me alone!” Billy roared.
The children cowered against a wall. Susie motioned to the dog, but it was hiding under a chair and refused to budge. This was an opportune moment for Tom to slip out unnoticed, but he couldn’t help gaping at the grotesque scene.
Billy was standing again, gingerly testing his injured foot. Janet shrank before him, leaving him master of the situation.
“I said,” he intoned slowly, “that this animal was to stay outside.”
He snatched Sam from his hiding place. With a couple of long, hobbling strides he had the whimpering dog in the kitchen where he rummaged a burlap sack from under the sink.
“What are you doing?” Janet cried.
“What do you think? This mutt’s going for a swim.”
The kids erupted into howls of protest. “Daddy, you can’t!  It’s not his fault!”
Billy tossed the puppy into the sack, added his boot wrench for weight, and tied it shut. Then he bulled his way out through the door. Susie threw herself on the couch and thrashed about, crying. Richard and Pam wept more quietly while their mother sat in a chair, a look of stunned exhaustion on her face.
Tom pulled the drape aside on the picture window. He could see Billy striding in the moonlight, heading across the frozen lake toward the fishing shanties.
My God, he’s really going to do it!
Tom dashed onto the porch. He grabbed for his coat and scarf hanging on their hook. The coat fell away and disappeared behind the junk boxes. 
“Damn!”
No time to retrieve it or to lace on his boots. With only the scarf for protection against the cold, Tom flung himself through the door and tramped over the snow in his loafers.
He trembled as he charged through the biting wind onto the lake – not from the cold, but in anticipation of the blows he’d strike to Billy’s face, spraying blood over the ice. Just as well he’d left the coat behind, he could throw better punches without its constraints.
He was enraged at the terror this evil man was creating. My God, what must Joyce’s childhood have been like? What had this monster done to her over the years? Come what may, he would pound that bastard to within an inch of his life.
“Stop!” he yelled. 
Billy turned to face him. Tom began to run, but his slippers gave little traction. Several paces short he fell, slamming his knee against a jagged outcrop. Pain shot through his entire body as he writhed on the ice.
“Umph!” Billy grunted disdainfully. He turned and continued walking.
“Sonuvabitch!” Tom called, his voice lost in the wind.
A loud Crack! reverberated through the ice like a shout from the devil. Billy froze in his tracks… too late. 
The ice, not yet recovered from the warm spell, caved in beneath him. The bag flew from his hands and skidded several feet away.
“Help!” Billy fought to scramble up the edge of a gaping hole.
Tom managed to stand, then immediately flattened himself as another Crack! shot through the ice. He crawled toward his father-in-law who was losing his battle and would soon slip below the surface.
Tom yanked off his scarf and threw one end toward the hole. Billy reached desperately toward the lifeline. Not long enough. Tom crawled closer toward the struggling man and prepared to heave the scarf again. Then he hesitated . . .
* * *
Back at the cottage, Susie had calmed a bit and was sobbing quietly into the sofa cushions. The other kids hung onto their mother’s hands. Janet looked utterly crushed and many years older than she was.
Tom observed them through the window. He was nearly frozen, and his knee throbbed painfully. The dog in his arms was fine, though – wrapped in the scarf all warm and dry.  
He opened the door.
The White River Terror

“We’re going the wrong way!” I yell for the third time.
Bob, the idiot handling the stern paddle, begs to differ. “I’m following Alex, so shut your damn mouth, already!”
Yes, Alex, our intrepid leader in the first canoe. He’s already entered the left river fork. His ‘rebel yell’ echoes back, grating my ears like fingernails on a coffin lid.
“Yip-yip-yee-aaah!”
I consult my map again. Heck, there shouldn’t be a fork here! In any case, the broad channel on the right is clearly the main river. Why did Alex go down the narrow left passage? Because he’s drunk again, no doubt. I hear the roar of approaching rapids. The rebel yell turns into a scream.
“Yip-yip . . . ahhHHH!” 
I look toward Bob. “We gotta turn back, now!”
Bob isn’t very attentive. His eyes are wide with fear, and his paddle is frozen in mid-stroke.
“Dammit!” I say.
There’s nothing I can do. The current is too strong, and we’re headed into the rapids. I glance at the steeply rising left bank. A portage trail runs along it. A sign is tilted downward.
Should’ve took the trail
NITWIT! 
We’re in the rapids now. Our canoe bangs against a towering rock face and nearly pitches over. We’re going through a tight chute, hemmed in by more rocks. They bear silvery patches where earlier canoes have scraped. I maneuver as best I can. Who knows what Bob is doing?
Somehow, we make it through the worst part. I begin to think that, just maybe, we’ll survive this cataract. Then we hit a submerged obstruction and go over.

I’m swimming in calmer water now, observing our scattered possessions drift past. My life jacket gives reassuring buoyancy. Flailing idiots surround me. They make for the left bank. I reluctantly follow.
* * *
A word of advice for anyone considering a wilderness canoe expedition: Don’t sign up blindly like I did; make sure you know something about the people you’re going with. 
I simply bought into the tour organization’s assurance that “compatible individuals” would be selected for the trip. And missing the “get acquainted” meeting didn’t help things. If I’d met these guys earlier, I might have wised up. 
Now I’m stuck with these five yo-yo’s. We’re sitting around a campfire drying out, and night is closing in. Our miserable evening meal is finished, and the junk talk is beginning. As usual, it’s about scoring women, getting drunk, and being a macho jerk.
Not much said about our predicament, despite the fact we’ve lost one canoe and most of our provisions.
“Hey, the canoe’s insured, right?” Alex observes. “The outfitter will be glad to replace it. We’ll just have to double up for a while, is all.”
Or so he thinks. I’m more convinced than ever we’ve taken a wrong turn, and not just on the river. It’s like we’ve entered another world – however half-baked that sounds. The stars coming out don’t look normal; their patterns seem off. I wish I’d studied astronomy more so I could tell for sure.
The trees appear flat in the declining light, like they’re stage props. The water moving along the bank has a subdued noise, as if it’s coming from far away. My mind must be playing tricks, so I turn it to more practical purposes – like how I’m going to ditch this bunch of losers tomorrow morning and get back to the main channel. 
But wait! First there’s the absolutely fascinating story Bob is telling about an unpleasant gentleman called, “The White River Terror.” Seems I’m not the only one imagining things. 
As Bob gets into the story, though, I begin to follow with some interest.
“The Terror is a serial killer and cannibal rolled into one,” he says with a subdued voice. “It stalks the wilderness in solitude, carrying off the unwary intruder. Word has it the thing is immortal.”
Alex snorts. “Where’d you dig that up, Bob? Sounds like an urban legend of the North Woods!”
He laughs sarcastically, but the others don’t follow his lead.
“Let him finish, man, okay?” Mel says.
“All right, but don’t say I didn’t warn you.” 
Alex sounds ticked. Maybe he’s trying to cover for his stupid decision back at the rapids. How about a rebel yell for ‘Idiot of the Year?’
“It’s like this,” Bob says, “people have been sighting the Terror since before World War One. The first incident was back during…”
I’m usually up for a good thriller story, and this one doesn’t sound bad. It’s the lousy company I can’t stomach. The vibe coming from these people is starting to gag me. I feel claustrophobic. Time to make an exit. 
I get slowly to my feet and move away from the fire. But just as I’ve nearly completed an unnoticed departure, I have to trip on a tent line and crash over a pile of cooking utensils. Startled faces whip around. Their expressions become derisive.
“Hey, Nitwit!” Mel shouts. “Where you off to now?”
“Probably looking for some tail!” Alex says.
“Let me tell you, buddy,” another scholar says. “This is Nowhere-ville, and you sure ain’t gonna find action around here.”
They all laugh like hyenas – louts, drinkers of cheap beer, deplorable cigarette smokers! As I stumble off into the gloom, I hear various muttered endearments such as, “dick head!” “klutz!” and “effing wise ass!”
Thanks, guys. I’d have to say their abuse has gotten worse over the past week, if not more creative. With luck, I might be able to deck one of those bastards, but all five? At least they seem to be “compatible individuals” for each other.
It’s difficult to avoid people when you’re all stuck in ‘Nowhere-ville.’ The closest I can come to ridding myself of their company is by taking a walk. 

The theme of this evening’s stroll is the pleasant thought that in one more day the trip will be over and the outfitter will come to get us. I envision stomping the gas in my car and speeding away from these morons. But the wrong turn at the river fork has complicated everything. 
The others have already refused to turn around, so I’m on my own. I’d like to carry a canoe back over the portage trail to the river fork, then head down the main channel. That probably won’t be possible, though, which means I’ll have to walk back to the fork, jump in, and float down the main channel in my life jacket.
This is not a happy prospect, but my map – before I lost it – showed the route to the pickup point as broad and smooth. I should be able make it, if I don’t get devoured by crazed trout first.
With such cheery contemplations occupying my mind, I don’t notice how late it’s getting. My situational awareness is pretty bad tonight. I’d planned to return to my tent before it got too dark, but, well… I never claimed to be Mr. Outdoors.
I have a fair idea where the campsite is, but stumbling around in the dark could tangle me up so much I’d never find the place. In the distance, I can hear the guffaws of my ‘companions,’ but this seems an unreliable beacon. I think of calling out, but the thought of their sarcastic response deters me.
I’m tired of being the group nerd. Those guys are perpetually ticked because I’m better off than they are and have fifty more points of IQ. It’s my own fault, really. No limp-handshake, cheese-and-wine crowd for me on this vacation – I wanted a macho experience! Well, now I’ve got it. 
I gaze about the darkening forest. Again I’m struck with how ‘alternate reality’ things look and feel. It’s like I’m on the back lot of the Hades Movie Studio. Even the air smells fake. Probably not, though, or I’d be dead. 
And that creepy story Bob was telling! Where did that come from? As he spoke, it was like he was channeling the tale from someplace else, not pulling it out of his own memory. The language patterns he used were too sophisticated for his dull mind.
When I was a kid, I was a fan of such stories with their mysterious abominations creeping through the night. I never thought I’d be so outlandish as to meet one in person, though. Out here, I’m to so sure. The idea of spending the night alone is suddenly terrifying.
Get a grip, Phil! Don’t be a wuss.
Well, maybe sleeping under the stars won’t be too bad, if it doesn’t rain. At least there won’t be an uncouth slob sharing my tent – probably more than one, since we’re “doubling up.” 
Subconsciously, I must have been intending this all along. I’ve even brought the waterproof bag with my few remaining possessions. This way, I can get up at first light and hit the trail unobserved. 
So, I park myself under a tree. The mosquitoes are out, but I have on my rain parka and thick pants, so they can’t inflict too much damage. Besides, I’ve got my bottle of repellent.
I light my pipe, blow some smoke to clear the air of insects, and settle back to contemplate the world.
* * *
A while later, I discover the pipe lying on the ground beside me with its coals spilled out. If the layer of needles hadn’t been damp from the recent rain, I’d probably be burning like a Roman candle. Did I say I’m not Mr. Outdoors?
The racket from the camp has ceased, and a ¾ moon is out. I come to the brilliant conclusion that I’d dropped off to sleep. That’s it for the night; once I wake up, I stay awake.
I’ve just refilled and relit my pipe when I detect a presence. As clear as anything I could see in daylight, I know its exact location. It waits a dozen feet away near a big rock, behind my tree. 
Eyes pierce through the trunk and into my back. They tickle my spine on ghostly centipede legs. I remain still as long as I can. Then I rise slowly and begin to walk. My feet discover a path. 
I hardly seem in control of my own body. My movements are programmed, as if scripted by others. I’m in another world, walking through Bob’s story! The presence begins to follow.
I know it’s in pursuit, can almost hear the ground cry out from the touch of its polluted steps. An urge to rush headlong down the path nearly overwhelms me, but I suppress it. The Terror thrives on panic.
Stay calm! Don’t let it know you’re scared.
Any sign of weakness will be my doom, my only hope lies in appearing strong while I find my way back to camp. Somehow, I disguise my fear and tromp with measured steps.
The Terror has come much closer and seems only a few paces behind when I arrive at a clearing. I remember a clearing – is this it? If so, the camp is not far. 
A dank and cold draft, like the breath of some foul being, hits my neck. I fight to keep from screaming. I suck furiously on my pipe, trying to blot out all reality beyond the smoky flavor. In my terrified brain, the camp rises to the status of a holy city and the ruffians inside it flutter to the rank of divine saviors. It has to be close now, just a few yards up the path and to the right.
As the turnoff draws near, my feet drag like lead weights. With each painful step, my tormentor draws closer. He is almost upon me as I make the turn off . . . 
The moonlight reveals a stretch of empty trail. I’ve gone the wrong way! With ghastly finality, my pipe flickers out. 

The chase is over, but a last spark of resistance flares up in me. I grip the dead pipe hard in my teeth, steel my muscles, and turn to face my pursuer.
“Would you care for a light?” It asks in the mildest of tones.
“W-why, yes,” I manage to say.
A long, shadowy arm extends my direction. The being behind it looms in the moonlight, huge and terrible. I dare not look into its gaping eyes. Yet, on some primordial level, I sense it intends me no harm. I’m a reeled-in fish about to be tossed back into the water.
I suck the offered flame into my pipe, it seems to be issuing direct from the Terror’s finger tip. 
“Thanks… friend,” I say.
I gaze directly at the figure now. It towers eight feet high, a dark, animated statue. Its face is indistinct. The whole thing is indistinct, solid and ethereal at the same time, like compressed smoke. An ineffable sadness radiates from it. I think of Frankenstein’s monster out seeking friends and finding only hostility.
Unspoken communication drifts through the night air. Empathy fills the gap between us. We have a lot in common. Both of us are adrift in an antagonistic environment we do not cherish, and we are despised by those around us.
An idea enters my mind. “Do you know where the camp is?” 
My new friend nods.
“Let’s go there. Some people are just dying to meet you.”
Personnel Enhancement Service

Harry Beamon felt his ulcer twinge as he watched his staff members file out of the conference room. 
They chatted happily with each other as young people are apt to do. Jerry McConville, his assistant director, led the procession wearing a red tie and a fresh little smile. 
Beamon followed them to the doorway and paused. He rubbed his bald head. Today, he felt each of his 55 years and every one of the excess pounds hanging from his midriff.
Hey! he realized with a jolt. I never adjourned the meeting.
McConville had decided on his own that it was finished and had led everyone out. Beamon’s face flushed with outrage, then subsided into weary acceptance.
He’d fire that McConville s.o.b. tomorrow, but he knew the higher ups would never stand for it. The guy was angling to be the next director, everybody knew that, and he was catching influential eyes. There seemed little Beamon could do to defend his position. 
He walked toward his office through the rabbit warren of walled cubicles, nursing resentful thoughts.
Thirty-two years at BriSoc Enterprises, and they’re throwing me over for some young buck!
Everything was quiet around Beamon’s office, as if the major events of the Department were taking place somewhere else – like at Jerry McConville’s office on the other side of the floor, conveniently near the lounge area. 
Only Vince’s rapid tapping on the secretary station keyboard disturbed the serenity. Vince was the temporary replacement for Doris, the regular executive secretary who was out on maternity leave.
Imagine, Beamon thought sourly, she’s pushing 40 and is out having another baby. 
What was the world coming to?
Beamon entered his office and rolled his chair up to the computer. Dusty glare came through the window, making him squint. The window washers hadn’t cleaned this side of the building for a while. This resulted in a less than pristine ambiance – unlike in McConville’s office where everything was spic and span, including the windows.
Beamon tried bringing up his e-mail, but it would not appear despite the agitated drumming of his fingers. The monitor displayed an infuriating message: 
NETWORK ERROR. CALL FOR SERVICE
“Damn!” He smacked the  keyboard.
Vince appeared in the doorway with some papers in his hands. “Mr. Beamon?”
“What is it?” Beamon snapped.
In the distorted light, Vince looked even more ethereal than usual, as if he possessed no more substance than the dust on the window panes.
“I’ve finished the report,” Vince said.
“Already? Let’s see it.”
Vince approached the desk. Beamon experienced vague unease, as if his inner sanctum was being invaded by some alien presence – although Vince was only a temp drudge whom he could discharge at the drop of a hat.  
He took the document from Vince’s long-fingered hand. The sheets of paper felt oddly cold, but there was nothing wrong with their content: page after page of meticulous text, tables, graphs, and flowcharts – all well formatted and pleasing to the eye.
“This is beautiful!” 
Beamon coughed slightly to cover his unease. He was unaccustomed to praising people, especially not temporary ones.
“Thank you, sir,” Vince said.
Beamon scrutinized the young man. He was over six feet tall, but couldn’t weigh more than 140 pounds. He was like some pale, gangly insect, a praying mantis or something. And the way his hair was brushed back – Stalin wore his hair like that.
Vince was a hard worker, though. Since arriving a week before, he’d straightened out the confusion left by the previous temp who’d been supplied by a different agency. The girl had proved hopeless, and she’d saved Beamon the trouble of dismissing her by simply not showing up to work one day.
“If everybody worked as hard you do, things would be a lot different around here,” Beamon muttered.
Vince did not reply to the compliment but merely gazed over Beamon’s head and out the dusty window, utterly still and expressionless. Seconds passed. Beamon began to wonder if the young man had suffered a cataleptic seizure. 
At last Vince spoke. “If you will forgive my frankness, sir, I have noticed a certain… laxity among your employees, an absence of respect for your authority.”
Beamon reddened at the impertinence, but stifled the angry retort ready to burst from his lips. Why get mad at the guy when every word was true? 
He knew people regarded him as ‘over the hill,’ a man beyond his expiry date. The department was slipping out of his hands and would soon be controlled by others. The staff barely tolerated him now, and he caught the undertones of sarcastic conversations whenever he appeared unexpectedly. 
Things hadn’t always been this way. Once, a younger and more vigorous Beamon had commanded real authority. When he walked through the office, people sat up at attention. They called him ‘Sir’ and meant it.
Times had changed, and Harry Beamon, “... does not appear to have grown sufficiently with the organization,” as his most recent job review stated. He regarded this review as the preliminary to the meat axe.
So, instead of voicing displeasure at the secretary’s remarks, Beamon merely grunted. 
Vince directed his eyes toward him. “Perhaps my agency can provide some solutions.”
“How so?” Beamon asked.
“Our Personnel Enhancement division has helped corporate management resolve many staffing difficulties.” 
Beamon leaned forward in his chair. “Personnel enhancement?”
“Yes sir. Employees are assisted in locating areas of their performance where attitudinal adjustment is desirable. They are then aided in making the necessary improvements.”
Beamon’s eyes narrowed. “There must be more to it than that.”
“It is a simple and effective process,” Vince said. “I must inform you, however, that discretion is required of those who contract these services – a willingness to accept matters in the proper spirit.”
A willingness to keep their mouths shut, you mean? Beamon thought, but he said nothing.
Vince handed over a business card. It, too, felt cold. It read:
Personnel Enhancement Service
We put the power back in your hands
A single phone number graced the card.
“Have they got a website, an email?” Beamon asked. “What about a business address?”
“They prefer to handle things by word of mouth only,” Vince replied. “Experience has shown that contact with the client is best kept to a minimum.”
Beamon flipped the card over, nothing on the back. It had been in his hand for some seconds but still felt cold.
“Should you decide to call, using an unofficial phone would be best,” Vince said. “Simplicity and discretion are key components of this service.” 
“Thanks,” Beamon said, “I’ll keep this in mind.”
Vince made a slight nod, turned, and departed the office. From the back, he gave a somewhat robotic impression. Beamon half expected to see wheels attached to the guy’s feet.
“Odd duck,” Beamon mumbled.
He returned to his computer screen. The bash must have done some good. At least the thing was back at the main pick menu:
Windows
E-mail
Access Mainframe
Logout
How about none of the above?
Beamon swiveled to face the cork-plated wall beside his desk. The papers tacked to it blurred before his unfocused eyes. 
Preposterous! 
Things couldn’t be turned around by ‘personality enhancement’ or whatever the term was. He looked at the card again. It had finally warmed up in his hand.
“Personnel enhancement service,” he corrected himself, “of course.”
Sure, lots of outfits these days offered ‘training development’ and ‘employee counseling,’ but what could they do for Harry Beamon? 
Things hadn’t been too bad before the merger; but now, with the new upper management team in place, things were sliding inexorably downhill. Jerry McConville was the new rising star. People were hot for change.
McConville was not particularly competent. The guy was more of a back-slapping / stabbing political type rather than a skilled manager. But sooner than later, he’d be the man in charge of the Department.
What do I have to lose? 
Beamon reached for his private cell phone and punched in the number from the card. The other side picked up on the first ring.
“Hello, this is Harry Beamon. You were recommended by – ”
“We know who you are,” a cold female voice replied.
“Yes… ” Beamon said, rather taken aback. “I might be interested in – ”
“We know what your interests are, Mr. Beamon,” the voice replied. “Please be assured we will handle all details.”
* * *
Beamon never actually saw the ‘Personnel Enhancement’ team in action. It was more a question of sensing their manifestations – the way a believer might feel the presence of God, although that seemed an inappropriate analogy. 
They brought quick results, though, just as advertised. 
Two days after the phone call, a new secretary was posted at the workstation outside his office when Beamon arrived. It was well past 10:00 a.m. already. Beamon had been told during the phone call that it would be “advisable” if he came in a bit late for a while. 
The new man looked up from his computer monitor. His fingers ceased their rapid pounding on the keyboard.
“Good morning, sir,” he said.
He got to his feet. The guy was very much in the Vince mold – tall, thin, impassive. He had blond hair, which gave him a rather boyish look. It was brushed straight back, à la Stalin.
“Where’s Vince?” Beamon asked.
“He has been assigned other duties,” the secretary replied. “My name is Max, sir. I hope you’ll find my performance to be satisfactory.”
Beamon pondered this unexpected turn. Vince hadn’t said anything about leaving his post, and Beamon felt oddly violated. He should have received at least a day’s notice. 
Max worsened the already unsettling situation. “You have a visitor in your office, sir.”
“What? Nobody’s allowed in there without my permission.”
“I am aware of that policy,” Max replied, “but it seemed advisable to make an exception.”
“Advisable?”
“Please forgive me if I have made an error,” Max said. “He has only been in there a few moments. He came just before your arrival.”
Beamon looked apprehensively toward the closed door. Who could be inside his office – some big shot from the 14th floor bearing a hatchet? Was this the day Beamon got his walking papers? The anger drained out of him, replaced by cold dread. 
“Very well, Max,” he mumbled, “carry on.”
“Yes, sir.”
Max resumed his seat and began typing rapidly again. The staccato noise accompanied Beamon as he approached the heavy wooden door to his office. 
How many thousands of times have I walked through that door? 
Always his office had seemed a refuge, a private space where he could gather his wits. Now it beckoned like a torture chamber. He turned the knob and stepped inside. Jerry McConville looked up from the desk.
“Jerry! What th… ”
The expression on McConville’s face silenced Beamon – a combination of hate, loathing, and fear. McConville had been writing something. He threw his pen down and rose from the chair.
Beamon stepped back as McConville rushed toward him, fearful of getting knocked down. The younger man only brushed his shoulder on his headlong retreat from the office. 
Max appeared and politely closed the door, leaving Beamon alone with his astonishment. He crossed the room to his desk. Upon it lay a hand-written note.
I quit.
Jerry McConville
Beamon sank into his big leather chair, too stunned to comprehend what was happening. A bright ray of sunshine stabbed through the grimy window and illuminated his world.
He remained in this pose for some time, turning over in his brain the glorious prospect of life without Jerry McConville. No more disrespect or wondering when the next blow would fall. No more knot in the stomach when he encountered the guy.
Those Personnel Enhancement folks certainly know their stuff! 
Exactly what had prompted that mixture of extreme emotions on McConville’s face was a matter Beamon did not wish to contemplate overmuch. He’d paid good money out of his own pocket, and he was getting good service. That’s all that counted.

By noon, he felt the desire for a beer. Ordinarily, he didn’t drink and seldom went out for lunch, preferring to wolf down food at his desk. But today called for celebrating. 
He exited his office to find Max still working intently at his computer.
“Not taking a lunch?” Beamon asked.
Max swiveled his direction. “I’m straightening out a few issues, sir. Perhaps I can have a break later this afternoon?”
“Certainly.”
Beamon walked through his department. Most of the desks were empty. The others were occupied with grimly silent workers who averted their eyes when he passed. Beamon was in too buoyant a mood to notice them, however.
He reached the elevator bank and pressed the Down button. A car began rising from the lobby while, simultaneously, another one moved down from the 14th floor – the ‘Brass Hat’ floor where the new CEO and the other mucky mucks had their suites.
I’ll bet they’re headed to the club, big three martini lunch.
He shied away from the descending elevator door, unwilling to risk meeting somebody from the upper echelon – especially the CEO with his signature gray suit and bright, wide necktie. Now, there was a condescending sonuvabitch! Beamon had met the CEO only once, and the guy had looked right through him as if he wasn’t even there.
Little possibility of an encounter existed. Those guys had special cards allowing express trips to the lobby, thus avoiding the peon floors. So, Beamon was surprised when the descending elevator come to a stop. He was even more surprised when Vince emerged from it alone. 
“Good afternoon, Mr. Beamon,” Vince said. “I trust things are going well for you?”
“Uh, yes, quite well.”
A second elevator door popped open, and Beamon retreated within.
* * *
Two weeks later, Beamon could scarcely recognize his department. More resignations had followed Jerry McConville’s exit, and other pesky subordinates had transferred out. Their replacements were bright, energetic types eager to work. Those of the old guard still remaining at their posts now displayed proper decorum.  
There were certain rumblings among these old timers, mostly about McConville’s right hand man who’d been involved in a car crash. Beamon decided to strike a sympathetic pose, signing the get-well card and donating to the gift fund. It didn’t occur to him to ask how badly the guy was hurt.
Beamon, himself, felt like a new man. He moved down the rows of diligently working people with a spring in his walk. The nagging digestive track pains faded. Productivity was up, absenteeism down, and everybody spoke to him with respect. 
“Hello, Mr. Beamon ... Yes, sir, Mr. Beamon,” they said. “Have a nice day, Mr. Beamon.”
Vince and Max disappeared without notice. This suited him fine, even though he’d had to do without a secretary for a few days. Those guys were creepy, and they belonged in the past with all that other ‘personnel enhancement’ stuff. Beamon had gotten his money’s worth from them; it was time to move on.
Amid his joy, a single question continued to bother him: Why did Vince go to the 14th floor? 
Beamon finally pushed the question out of his mind. Who knew what went on behind the scenes to accomplish the transformation of his department? Forget the guy. 

Doris reappeared from her maternity leave. Her first morning back, she approached Beamon in his office, leaving the door open behind her as was her custom.
“Mr. Beamon? My computer is all different.”
“Well, there have been a lot of changes since you’ve been away.”
Doris looked nervously over her shoulder toward her work station, then gathered up her courage. “I’ve been meaning to talk to you about that.” 
“Oh?”
“There’s a new executive secretary opening in Accounts Payable, and I was wondering if… well, I was thinking of, maybe, a transfer?”
Beamon smiled broadly. “Of course.”
“You mean, it’s all right?” 
“Certainly,” Beamon said. “It’s only natural to want change – new baby, new job, new surroundings. I’ll be happy to provide a reference for you.”
A great weight seemed to lift from Doris’s shoulders. She returned Beamon’s smile. “Thank you.” 
Beamon consulted his watch. He was in a magnanimous mood. Getting rid of Doris would fit in nicely with the new order of things – not that she’d ever been part of the McConville clique. Still, wouldn’t it be good to see a fresh, younger face posted outside his office?
“Tell you what,” he said. “Why don’t you take the rest of the day off? I’ll speak with Accounts Payable, and first thing tomorrow, we’ll finalize your transfer.”
“Okay. I really appreciate this,” Doris said. 
She retreated to her workstation and gathered her things, including a box of personal bric-a-brac.
“Let me help you with that,” Beamon said.
He hefted the box along with a potted plant which had graced the desk for years. 
“Thank you, Mr. Beamon.”
After a final, uneasy glance at her computer monitor, she followed him to the elevator bank. 
One of the cars was out of order. Its shaft gaped open behind orange caution barriers, and two men were doing something with the cables.
Who the hell are those guys? Beamon wondered.
They worked silently, their caps pulled low, ignoring the people circulating around. Beamon thought to question them, but his own elevator arrived and he got on with Doris. He accompanied her to the parking garage and deposited the items in the trunk of her car.
“See you in the morning, Doris.” 
“You’ve always been a good boss, Mr. Beamon. You be careful now.”
Beamon felt a poke of nostalgia watching Doris drive off, but he also felt energized. A new day was dawning in his career! He felt so energized that he climbed the stairs, all the way back to his department.

By 6:30 pm, everyone had left. Only Harry Beamon remained, master of the realm. He stretched back in his chair, hands clasped behind his head, and looked out his sparkling clean window toward the lowering sun. For the first time in quite a while, he was reluctant to leave. The world of work had finally tilted his way, and he wanted to savor his good fortune. 
Ah well. One more glance at the emails, then I’m out of here.
He punched a key to rouse his computer from sleep mode. The machine wound through its preliminaries and displayed the password screen. Beamon entered his password, and the pick menu appeared. It was not the normal menu.
“What the hell?” 
He leaned closer. In place of the usual choices, the monitor displayed:
Window
Gun
Knife
Permanent Logout
It can’t be. My mind’s playing tricks! 
Or was this a parting shot from the Jerry McConville crew? That must be it. Tomorrow, there’d be hell to pay. 
Beep! The computer attempted to hurry him along. 
Cautiously, Beamon snaked his hand to the power switch on the machine tower. The moment he touched it, a violent shock ran up his arm, throwing him back in his chair. His heart stopped, then raced wildly. His breath returned in shallow gasps. The monitor flashed red:  
MAKE A CHOICE!  MAKE A CHOICE!  MAKE A CHOICE!
A shattering noise came from outside, followed by a scream. A man hurtled past the window.
Beamon stumbled to the pane and looked down at the sidewalk. Even from this height, he recognized the gray suit and bright, wide necktie of the CEO. The man was lying spread-eagled on his back staring up with dead eyes.
“My God!”
Beamon was on the edge of madness. He heard a whirring noise coming up behind him. An iron hand gripped his shoulder.
* * *
Sometime later, after the police had finished their investigations and the place had been thoroughly remodeled, Vince entered the director’s office. He glanced approvingly at the updated furnishings and new carpet. Then he moved to the fresh pane of window glass and looked out at the crowd bustling along below. Interesting how they still avoided a certain area of sidewalk.
He sat down at the computer and got to work.
Rifle King

Congratulations!  You have been selected to attend four months of elite training among the best shooters in the country, all expenses paid. – Government Shooting School acceptance letter

1. The elusive dream
The firearm possessed a commanding masculinity. When Frank Kough presented it to his son that morning, a changing of the guard began. A bright new generation was taking over from the exhausted older one.
The Hatchel Sovereign .30-06 was pro competition caliber and type, meeting all official specs – bolt action, open sights, wooden stock – no polymers, laser scope, or other techie gizmos. The gun was deadly accurate, the perfect accessory for the “Sport of Real Men.” 
Now, at the shooting range, Frank relaxed in his fold-up chair and watched his son at work. Hot May sunshine reduced his eyes to slits as he observed the dedication and respect – love really – with which Bobber handled his new rifle. Frank clasped his hands behind his head and drew his lips back in a smile of fatherly pride.
Bam!
“Whoa!” Bobber turned toward his father and flashed an engaging smile. “This is something else.”
Frank nodded. “Take your time, son. Let it become part of you.”
He looked through his binoculars. Bobber was obviously unprepared for the recoil because the bullet was high, missing all the target rings. This was a man’s gun, worlds apart from the little .22 Bobber had been used to shooting. 
A smooth, confident movement of the bolt ejected the brass shell casing. Bobber chambered another round and fired.
Bam!
Frank stuffed the foam plugs deeper into his ears. There was only enough money for one top-end pair of ear protectors, and Bobber had them. No matter, what use did an old invalid have for good hearing? Frank had already heard sufficient guff to last the rest of his days.
Soon, the hits were grouping more tightly. The last three clustered near the bull’s eye. Frank observed it all through his binoculars with growing excitement.
The rifle barrel would be hot now, and his son’s shoulder must be aching – time for a rest. Bobber withdrew the finely machined bolt and fondled it with his characteristic expression of deep thought.
He’s got what it takes, alright.
Such intensity was rare, something you saw only in the most dedicated pros. You’d have to be a fool not to appreciate the boy’s vast potential. Frank’s mind turned over great dreams for his son.
Work up through the lower tournaments. Move on to the National competition with its huge purse. Rake in additional millions from celebrity endorsements. Be the next Rifle King! Follow the path that Frank, himself, had trod as a young man – and floundered upon.
His expression soured as he recalled the ruin of his own dreams decades earlier. He’d simply lacked the talent to become a Rifle King. He understood that now, but as a young man the realization had come as a shattering disappointment. His son was different, though. Bobber had the true genius.
Frank’s countenance darkened further as he recalled the many arguments he’d had with his wife on the subject. 
“He’s not cut out to be a shooter, he’s a sensitive boy,” she’d said. “Besides, he’s just turned fourteen.”  
A lot of hogwash. Anyone could see Bobber was a natural with guns. He had an intimate relationship with them going far beyond the mechanics of aim and shoot. And why would anyone think being the youngest person in competition was a disadvantage? The media would eat it up!
But all their earlier arguments would pale compared to the one they’d surely have today when Frank dropped his bombshell – the news that Bobber had been accepted into the four-month training program at Government Shooting School. Frank pushed the unpleasant thought of that looming confrontation as far as possible out of his head. 
Bobber resumed shooting, rapid fire. His hits were grouping beautifully, edging into the bullseye.
Good work, son!
Then the ammunition was used up. Bobber ejected the final shell casing with an authoritative, almost violent, yank of the bolt and turned toward at his father.
“Dad, can we get more ammo?”
Frank sucked in his breath. He couldn’t answer for a moment, so startled was he by his son’s expression. It was cold and feral, like a big jungle cat.
“Uh… no, Bobber. I think that’s enough for today.”
Disappointment entered the boy’s eyes, and perhaps a flash of anger? 
“Give that shoulder a break,” Frank said. “And I don’t mean a broken bone.”
Bobber did not respond to the attempted humor.
“You can practice with the .22 if you like.”
The boy gave a disappointed sigh, and his demeanor softened. 
“That’s okay, Dad.” He set his rifle down on the shooting stand. “Guess we’d better get going, huh?”
“Sure thing, son.”
Frank left his chair to help pick up the shell casings. Ammunition was expensive, and he couldn’t afford not to reload the empties. But before he could retrieve any of the gleaming objects lying on the ground, sharp pain jolted through his back, halting him in mid stoop. 
“Ugh!”
He attempted to straighten but couldn’t. Concern shot across his son’s face. 
“Dad?” Bobber rushed over. He gripped Frank’s arm and gently eased him upright. “I’ll take care of things, don’t worry. Just take it easy a minute.”
“Th-thanks, son.”
Bobber assisted him to the chair, then trotted back to the shooting station and picked up the casings, bending effortlessly to the task.
Frank twisted in the chair, trying to locate a less uncomfortable position. The pain in his back receded, leaving room for toxic feelings of powerlessness and humiliation. He chided himself for his impulsive move. Since his workplace accident, even the simple act of bending down could present an impossible situation.
Things will be different soon, he assured himself obstinately.
The day would come when he would not have to pinch pennies, when avid fans would retrieve souvenir casings from the rifle of the great Robert W. Kough – son of Frank Kough.
2. A hopeful future
The two drove off in the battered family sedan. With his rifles packed away, Bobber resumed his buoyant and chatty persona. Such a change always occurred whenever he was away from his guns. 
He launched into a story about Mrs. Cox, his English teacher. “My fountain pen wasn’t working right, so I was shaking it. You know, to get the ink going.”
“Yeah,” Frank said.
“Well, I didn’t expect old Cox to walk by my desk just then. She got ink all over the back of her skirt!”
Frank chuckled. “I’m sure it was totally accidental, right?”
Bobber smiled mischievously. “Good thing she didn’t know what was going on. She was really pissed the next day, though. Nobody told on me, which is… ”
He looked off toward the Texas-Style steak house coming up on the right. Frank knew that Bobber wanted to stop for lunch, and he wanted to take him into the restaurant. After such a fine day of shooting, the boy deserved a reward.
Frank imagined the two them sauntering in through the swinging doors like a couple of wild west desperadoes. They’d stand before the big wall menu with hands on hips, oblivious to the backlog of customers piling up behind them waiting to go through the serving line. 
But he continued driving and tried not to notice his son’s head turn to follow the receding restaurant. Frank gripped the steering wheel hard. 
“Sorry Bobber. I’m afraid that new rifle pretty much cleaned us out for a while.”
Again, he pondered on how long it would take to pay off the firearm. But, damn, it was a premium Hatchel! Almost every top-flight pro used the identical model. According to the brochure, it had “finely machined components throughout” crafted from “only the best materials” and a straight, rigid barrel guaranteed to be “sniper accurate.” 
Bobber looked away from the window and began another of his Cox stories, part of the ongoing saga of his least favorite teacher.
“There were visitors last week. Cox couldn’t be her usual bitchy self, of course, and had to put on an act for them. Well, as it turned out…”

Ann Kough gave an icy welcome upon their return home. 
“Change your clothes, Bobber. I can smell gunpowder on them.”
“Okay, Mom.”
Without another word, she turned and disappeared into the kitchen. Bobber headed for his room. 
Frank intercepted him and spoke in a confidential voice. “Stay out of sight for a while, okay, son?”
“Sure, Dad. I understand.”
Frank drew a deep breath and followed his wife into the kitchen. He opened a cola and tried to make small talk as she cleaned up the place. Nothing he said engendered a response. He failed to create an opening into which he could break the news. As it turned out, he didn’t need one.
“I read the letter you got from the shooting school,” Ann said through tightened lips.
“Oh?” 
Frank was caught off guard. She’d never before looked at his personal mail without permission.
“Yes, and you should be proud the boy’s going to do exactly what you want.”
“But Ann, he wants it, too. It’s a wonderful opportunity.” He almost added, “I wish I’d gotten a chance like this,” but kept it to himself.
“He wants it because you tell him so,” Ann said.
“That’s not true.”
“Believe me, Frank, whatever he manages to do or not do, it isn’t going to make you any more of a man than you are now.”
He flinched at this brutal reference to his disabilities. Damn you! 
She didn’t talk to him like this two years ago. He was a construction foreman then, bringing home fat paychecks. Everything was hunky dory – before the fall which had left him incapacitated and unemployable.
“That’s not how it is!” he blurted. “This training will give him a major advantage. Almost all the top pros have attended the program.”
“Send him to that school if you must. It looks like I can’t stop you.” Ann shoved plates into the dishwasher with enough force to nearly shatter them. “And put him in those tournaments, too. Just don’t expect me around to watch all this.”
The harsh words from the usually soft-spoken woman rattled Frank. He couldn’t reply. Ann finished with the plates and stalked out of the kitchen. Frank sat by himself, drinking cola which had gone flat.
* * *
Departure day for the Government Shooting School arrived. Bobber spent the previous night with friends, and their parents had dropped him off at the bus station the following morning. Frank went there to see him off. He spotted Bobber standing amid a group of kids his age and older, including some girls.
“Hey Dad!” Bobber called.
Frank made his way across the waiting room with his cane, careful to avoid any missteps on the grimy tile floor. As he neared the kids, he could see the admiration and awe they were directing at Bobber – a little fear, even. They all made way for him.
“Good luck, son.” He gripped Bobber’s hand in a firm shake.
“Thanks, Dad … where’s Mom?”
“Uh, she’s feeling a bit poorly. She sends her love.”
“Okay.” 
A light seemed to go out in Bobber’s eyes; he lowered them to the floor. An awkward silence commenced, but a girl soon filled it.
“This is the coolest thing ever,” she said. “When is your break?”
Bobber looked toward her, and some of his amiability returned. “First of September, half-way through the program.” 
“That’s in time for the ‘welcome back’ dance at school,” the girl said. “You’ll be there, won’t you?”
“Wouldn’t miss it.” Bobber turned toward his father. Sadness still edged his eyes, but he assumed a light-hearted tone. “I won’t be seeing Mrs. Cox anymore. Who’s going to keep you informed about her?”
Frank grinned. “I’ll manage, somehow.”
The bus left promptly, piloted by a smiling and courteous driver. This seemed an auspicious start, and Frank Kough returned home brimming with confidence. After two years of frustration and gloom, he felt optimistic again. He scarcely noticed the angry silence radiating from his wife.
3. Desperation
Frank’s optimism faltered when the second weekly report arrived from the school. By the time a month had passed, his optimism was gone. 
The reports stated, in the cold language of scores and ratings, that Bobber was having major difficulties with his studies. Ann was so thrilled with the news that her entire demeanor brightened. Her sunny face contrasted with Frank’s increasing gloom. 
A note from the school director arrived:
. . . and since Robert’s performance in the qualifying tests show him to have considerable potential, I do not feel it would be justified to remove him from the school at this time.
However, I believe his marginal performance of late serves to disqualify him from receiving tuition and board at government expense. As such, I regret to inform you that we are withdrawing financial assistance . . .
Frank wanted to phone his son and demand an explanation but decided to wait until Bobber came home for mid-term break. This was a problem requiring personal contact.
* * *
He chose a time when both of them were in their customary positions – Frank sitting in the stuffed chair near the TV and Bobber on the floor with one of his airplane books. Frank held the TV directory near his face and pretended to read it. Actually, he was observing Bobber from the corner of his eye.
The boy didn’t seem particularly concerned about anything as he flipped through the pages of Famous Fighter Planes, Hunters of the Sky. His nonchalance seemed so complete that Frank wondered if he cared at all about what was going on at the school. 
Since Bobber had returned, the upcoming ‘welcome back’ dance occupied his conversation more than anything else. He was spending a lot of time on the phone with Marsha, the girl from the bus station. Ann was pleased by this development.
Is she right, after all? Did Bobber apply to that school just to please me?
“Bobber,” he said.
“Yeah, Dad?” The boy flashed one of his charming smiles.
“I got a letter from the school director. He said you haven’t been doing very well.”
“I know, Mom told me.” Bobber returned to his reading.
Frank was unsettled by this off-hand response. He was about to hide behind the TV book again when Bobber looked straight at him. The boy’s face had a different expression now, disturbing in its intensity. Frank experienced a nudge of apprehension.
“I just haven’t got the right vibes lately.” Bobber’s voice sounded deeper and more mature. 
Frank asked the question tormenting him. “Do you want to continue at the school?”
His son paused a long moment before answering. “Sometimes yes, sometimes no. It’s up to you, Dad.”
So, the decision had landed in the one place Frank dreaded most – his own lap. An enormous burden settled upon his shoulders, pushing him down into the chair.
What the hell should I do? Pull the plug on the whole thing?
Bobber’s failures were shouting loud and clear. The message was unmistakable – he did not share the dream of becoming a Rifle King. He just wanted to be a normal kid with a girlfriend. Yet, hadn’t he also expressed a desire to continue? At least he’d claimed to feel such a desire occasionally.
All great artists, and Bobber was certainly an artist, must feel like quitting now and then, Frank reasoned. Especially if they haven’t received any return on their work yet – especially if one parent is fighting them every step of the way. 
The lack of a push at the critical moment must be responsible for a great many failures. In his own inscrutable way, Bobber might be crying out for such a push in order to get back “the right vibes.” 
And this was the final chance. Everything depended on Bobber’s success. He was the future of the family line. If he failed, then his father had also failed. Mediocrity and oblivion would be their mutual fate.
Frank took a deep breath and made the plunge. “Well then, if it’s up to me, I say we continue.”
“Okay, Dad.” 
There was no reluctance nor antagonism in the boy’s voice, only a detached concurrence, as if he were working a math problem. Frank found it impossible to interpret the response. His son was becoming like a stranger to him.  
Bobber returned to his book. Neither of them noticed Ann staring daggers at them from the kitchen doorway.
* * *
Frank Kough had endured many indignities since his accident – loss of income and status, the humiliation of accepting disability payments, the growing contempt from his wife – but none of them were as bad as this mission to secure a loan from his brother, Joey. The two had not met in over a year, which suited them both fine. 
They’d never cared for each other, even as kids. They’d existed in different worlds. Frank was the outgoing, athletic one. Joey, five years younger, had left little wake as he moved through the public schools far behind his brother. He’d gone on to financial success while Frank took the blue-collar route, after the demise of his Rifle King dream.
To be brutally honest, the two had come to a place of mutual hatred. Frank considered his brother an arrogant snob, and he knew Joey looked down on him as an uneducated oaf. They resented the implied obligations of having the same parents.
But Frank was desperate now. He fully understood his tenuous position as he sat in the large stuffed chair of Joey’s living room and endured the reunion. He’d tried to present his dire situation as a sort of business opportunity – get in on the ground floor, make a big return on the investment. 
Hell, I’m no salesman.
“I figured there was more behind your visit than just socializing,” Joey said. “It’s been a long time.”
Thanks a lot. Nice of you to put me at ease.
A jolt of pain in Frank’s back accompanied these angry thoughts.
“So, Bobber needs financial help, eh?” Joey said. “How’s the boy getting along? Does he still have that weight problem?”
Frank bristled. The period after his accident had been highly traumatic for Bobber, and the boy had taken comfort in binge eating. Things had settled down more recently, though.
“The boy’s in great shape, now.” Frank wanted to add that Joey hadn’t dropped any flab himself, but said nothing further. 
The heat inside the house was oppressive, although it did give Frank satisfaction to watch Joey suffer along with him. The central air conditioning his brother had installed with such fanfare years earlier was out of order. The repair guys would be coming “any time,” according to Joey. 
“Don’t think I’m not sympathetic,” Joey said, “but I just can’t see the boy amounting to anything special. How about putting him in a trade school?”
Frank kept his gaze fixed to the floor.
“I can’t afford to waste money on something that’s not going to pay off,” Joey added. “I didn’t get to where I am today by taking foolish risks, you know.”
The condescending tone stabbed Frank’s pride. He felt like a cockroach pinioned to the chair. 
“That’s very responsible,” he said.
Joey nodded, apparently unaware of the sarcasm. “Sorry, Frank, but I don’t think I can swing it.”
Frank leaned forward. The pain in his back worsened – it complemented the headache gripping his skull. “First time I’ve heard you’re low on cash, Joey. At least you’re not blowing it out your ass about what you’re going to buy next.”
Joey’s eyebrows shot up. He mouth trembled, groping for an angry retort. Frank struggled out of the chair and seized his cane. For a moment, he considered striking his brother with it. The panicked look in Joey’s eyes indicated he took the threat seriously.
“Why don’t you wire that air conditioner to your nuts and see if it works then?” Frank hefted the cane ominously. “It’ll be the biggest thrill you’ve had in twenty years!”
He turned and exited the house as quickly as he could. 
Joey moved to the front door to watch his brother hobbling to his car. 
“Sure you can make it, Grandpa?” he yelled.
He slammed the door.
4. Revival
The house was already mortgaged to the hilt. Frank had just gone over his pitiful list of salable items again and was pondering the grim prospect of visiting a loan shark. He’d known people who had dealt with loan sharks and had not been able to repay. It wasn’t a pretty picture. 
But if his great dream failed, his life would lose all meaning. Why stick around to wallow in the wreckage? A quick crash into a freeway bridge abutment would do as well as anything.
Then the check from his brother arrived. Frank’s amazement upon opening the envelope almost knocked him over. Had he misjudged the guy? Had some dormant chord of sympathy been struck in Joey’s heart? An enclosed note dispelled that misconception: 
You’ve got until December 22 to pay this back.
Just in time for Christmas. A legal document accompanied the check. Not until Frank committed to the repayment terms would Joey’s bank release the funds. 
“Jerk,” Frank sneered. “We’ll show you!”
He signed the form, nearly punching his ballpoint through the paper.
* * *
The loan pumped new life into the Dream. Not only did it stop the dunning letters from the school, but it seemed to trigger a major improvement in Bobber’s performance. With each weekly report, he rose higher in his class standings. The painful knot in Frank’s stomach loosened, then disappeared. 
At last, the four-month program came to an end.
* * *
Nobody at the graduation ceremony was prouder than Frank. He sat in the front row of the auditorium watching the line of young men advance to receive their certificates from the school director. Not a one of them was under 19. 
His wife, of course, did not attend. They’d barely spoken in weeks, as she was on the far side of the Dream. Her absence was not noted in the all-male crowd.
“You know,” a man seated behind Frank commented, “there’s actually some talk about opening the completion up to girls.”
“That’ll be the day!” his companion replied. “Over my dead body.” 
Bobber came last in line, smaller than the others but towering above them in ability. Even from a distance, Frank could tell his son had changed a great deal. He seemed much older than his 14 years now, grave and dignified – almost a mature man.
This impression was reinforced after the ceremony when they attended the brief reception together. His son’s continuous chatter of prankish exploits had stopped. In its place was the quiet reserve he’d hitherto displayed only on the shooting range. 
Of course, the boy was growing up and couldn’t be expected to keep his childish behavior indefinitely, Frank reasoned. Still, he missed the old easy-going banter.
“Are you sorry it’s over, Bob?” Somehow, it seemed inappropriate to call his son “Bobber” any more.
“No, I’m not sorry.”
“Good… good…” 
He left an opening for Bob to say something about his school experiences, but his son did not fill it. Frank busied himself with sipping punch and glancing about the room. 
The graduates were ignoring each other, socializing only with friends and family members. They displayed no sense of community with their fellow alumnae, no ‘we’re in this together,’ camaraderie.
Well, they’ll be competing against each other soon enough. Maybe just as well they’re not so buddy-buddy.
He returned his attention to his son. Bob was alone in his own world, and not even Frank was allowed within. The boy seemed almost hostile.
What’s going on in his mind?
“Can we get going, Dad?”
“Uh ... sure thing, son. Do you want to speak with anybody first?”
“No.”
Bob spent the four-hour ride home staring wordlessly out his window on the bus.
“I hope things aren’t too dull for you back home, now that you’ve seen the wider world,” Frank said at one point, affecting an air of bonhomie.
Bob clearly wasn’t paying much attention, though he did nod his head.
* * *
Frank Kough settled into an isolated existence, a virtual stranger in his own home. Ann became even more silent. Bob was absorbed in a demanding schedule of high school classes and shooting activities which left no room for the old father / son relationship.
Family meals were a thing of the past; everyone now ate alone and at different times. They no longer seemed a family at all, just a trio of strangers living under the same roof.
When he wasn’t out shooting or attending classes, Bob stayed in his room with music playing. He seemed to have outgrown his school peers. He no longer phoned Marsha. Ann kept to her own quarters, having moved out of the shared bedroom some time before. Frank had almost gotten used to his isolation from her, but Bob’s aloofness caused him genuine pain.
Hang on, Frank, things will get better soon.
He tried to keep his mind fixed on the successes to come – the great infusions of prize money and endorsement cash, the fame and respect Bob would earn. The reign of a Rifle King lasted only a single year until, like a beauty pageant queen, he handed over the mantle to the next one. Prudent financial planning was necessary.
Most of the money would go into a trust fund for Bob, but there’d be plenty left over to put the family back on its feet. The first thing Frank intended to do was shove the loan payment into Joey’s smug face. Then a new car, a better house, and an elite school for Bob.
And a new woman?
This previously unthinkable idea was gaining traction these days. Frank put the subject out of his mind as being another ‘bridge to cross’ when the time came.
Though Bob had never said as much, he didn’t seem to want his father accompanying him to the shooting range any longer. So, Frank limited his trips there to picking up and dropping off his son. When the district tournament tryouts came, Frank’s eager desire to see Bob perform was likewise discouraged. He had to wait anxiously at home to learn the results. He began to take counsel of his fears. 
Bob will never make it. Ann was right, he’s just a boy!
Then, he’d force himself back to an optimistic view. He was riding an emotional roller coaster, and the trip was killing him.
* * *
Bob returned from the trials and dropped a manila envelop into his father’s lap. Without comment, he headed to his room and shut himself in. Music issued through the door. Frank steeled himself with a slug of beer, then he opened the envelop with trembling fingers . . . 
Bob had qualified! 
The sun came out again. A bright ray seemed to punch through the ceiling and illuminate him in his chair.
Thank God! Thank God!
Ann walked out that same day. Her departure was quiet and swift. She was gone a while before Frank realized what had happened. Bob understood, though. His crying was loud enough to overcome the music noise. 
Frank wanted to knock on the bedroom door, comfort his son, but he could think of nothing to say. He moved to the living room and slumped down in his easy chair. 
She’ll come around after the tournament. It’s not easy to ignore success.
Maybe she wouldn’t come back. Frank shrugged and flicked on the TV. 
5. At the tournament
It was a bright, crisp day with winter not far off – prefect for shooting. The fair grounds still looked familiar to Frank after all this time. He glanced about them with pride, nostalgia, and more than a little trepidation.
The whole place had been turned into a shooting gallery for the district tournament. One large section was given over to the stationary range with targets set at various distances. The mobile range, with its contraptions for moving targets around, took up another side of the grounds. 
In the center, where the amusement park had been, stood the obstacle range. Frank Kough sighed. 
Ah, wouldn’t it have been great if I’d . . .
Twenty-three years earlier, he’d been among the eager young men vying for fortune and glory here at the tournament. His dreams had died that day as it became obvious that his skills – so impressive in the lower ranks – were simply not adequate to compete on a professional level. 
The crowd had actually booed him! 
The terrible noise still echoed in his ears, pressing him down. He glanced suspiciously at some older members of the crowd. Had any of them been present that day, joining in the catcalls? Were their sons out there competing against Bob today?
Another side of the grounds was given over to refreshment and souvenir stands. The big item being hawked today was the SHOOT EM UP! sweatshirt, available in various colors. The white with red splotches seemed the most popular. For an extra charge, you could have your initials stitched into the garment.
A crowd milled around these stands. The morning events on the stationary and mobile ranges were finished, and an hour remained before the big events on the obstacle range.
The defeated mass of contestants would be packing up their rifles and heading off to oblivion. The washouts from these district tourneys seldom made successful comebacks, as Frank well knew from experience.
He’d missed the earlier competitions due to an appalling series of delays. First, his alarm had failed to ring. He wondered if Bob might have switched it off. It seemed a not implausible explanation, considering how withdrawn and peculiar his son was acting these days.
Then the damned car wouldn’t start again. Frank had been in a near panic. After an unconscionable delay, the guy from the garage finally showed up with a tow truck. The sonuvabitch gave Frank all kinds of hell before he agreed to provide a loaner – a gasping wreck scarcely better than Frank’s own vehicle.
Now he was here in the milling crowd, uncertain of the situation and afraid to ask. He screwed up his courage and approached a man in a SHOOT EM UP! sweatshirt. The guy looked too young to have attended the tournament 23 years ago.
“Excuse me,” Frank said, “I just got here. Can you tell me who the final qualifiers are?”
“It’s Bert Daniels all the way,” the man answered. “He took Stationary and Mobile hands down at most ranges.”
A second sweat-shirted man clutching a beer cup joined the conversation. “The other three guys did pretty good, too, but it’s just Bert’s day. Ain’t nobody going to catch him.”
“Who are the other three?” Frank asked.
“Couple guys named Riga and Kemp,” the first man replied, “and this kid, Bob Kough.”
Frank gripped his cane in a trembling hand. “H-how did the Kough boy do?”
“Pretty good,” the first man replied. “He even out-pointed Daniels once. Don’t look like the kid’s got the right stuff to beat him at Obstacles, though.” 
“Too bad he had to draw a hotshot like Daniels, being his first tournament and all,” the man with the beer said. “Bert’s going all the way to the National, if you ask me.”
Nobody asked you, moron!
“Okay, thanks,” Frank said.
He moved off so the men could not see the powerful emotions contorting his face. Somehow, he’d never envisioned the mechanics of the contest. He’d only thought of the prize money and glory once everything was over. But now his son had made it into the top four, and a fierce opponent stood in his way.
The strangers’ words had rattled him, but what value did they have? If those guys possessed any brains, they wouldn’t be wearing those jackass sweatshirts. Bob had the “right stuff” to win, and anyone who doubted that was in for a surprise. 
Frank hurried to the obstacle range and got a front seat, right up against the thick Plexiglas shield.
* * *
The Riga-Kemp shoot off came first, and it was a dreary affair. Frank suffered along with the rest of the crowd as the contestants moved cautiously from the 300 meter range down to shorter and shorter distances. The action was slow, boring, indecisive. Frank pulled his shabby overcoat closer around himself to ward off the chill.
“Man, this sucks!” somebody behind Frank muttered.
“Where do they dig up these clowns,” another spectator complained.
Frank smiled inwardly. Neither of these contenders looked like major threats for Bob. They simply weren’t geared for competition on the Obstacles. That could change in an instant, though. Over the years, he’d watched some amazing scenarios in the TV coverage – a contestant looks really awful, then BAM! a victory from out of nowhere. All it took was one good shot.
“Send the bums home!” somebody yelled.
Others took up the chant: “Send the bums home!”
A rising chorus of catcalls and boos issued from the crowd. Frank cowered under the verbal lash; his mind reeled back to when he’d received similar condemnation.
Then he joined in the shouts: “Send the bums home!”
The officials were not supposed to give much weight to ‘fan input,’ but how could they ignore such a rebellion? The fans sounded like a mob at an ancient Roman gladiatorial contest. They stamped their feet and roared in a single voice:
SEND THE BUMS HOME!
A harsh, whistling noise came over the loudspeakers. The crowd fell silent. The loudspeaker began to talk: 
By unanimous decisions of the judges, both contestants are disqualified for exceeding the allowed time limit.
The crowd broke into cheers. After the racket died down a bit, Frank raised his binoculars and observed the two disgraced ‘warriors’ exiting the obstacle course, following the earlier contestants into lives of obscurity.
Poor bastards.
He could afford to be sympathetic. Neither man stood in the way of his Dream any longer.
6. Thrust for glory
Ground crew rushed onto the Obstacles range to prepare it for the next match – Daniels vs. “that Kough kid,” in the crowd parlance.
A man near Frank stood up.
“Where’re you going?” the man’s friend asked.
“I’ve seen enough crap for one day. I’ll watch Daniels at the regional tourney where he’ll have some real competition.”
“I hear you,” the friend said, also getting up to leave.
Frank wanted to slug the guys. If he were fit, he might have done so. 
“You’ll be sorry,” he muttered.
Daniels and Bob appeared on the course along with the referee. Frank zeroed in with his binoculars. 
Ohhh… Hang in there, son!
Daniels was a big, mean-looking guy towering over Bob and the ref. He appeared relaxed, confident – cocky even. Everything about him shouted ‘Champ!’ Bob kept his eyes fixed to the ground.
And now for the final event! The Obstacle range competition between first place finisher Bert Daniels and fourth place finisher Robert Kough!
A polite ripple of applause greeted the announcement. 
Bob lost the coin toss, so Daniels was allowed his choice of opening position as well as the first chance to shoot.
“Poor kid,” somebody near Frank said, “ain’t nothing going his way.”
“Kind of hate to see a mismatch like this,” somebody else said.
Frank shot a barbed look at the two offenders, but they didn't notice.
“Yeah, but you’ve got to give the kid credit,” the first man said. “I never thought he’d get this far.”
These and similar comments beat on Frank’s skull like jungle tom-toms. He’d not consumed any alcohol that day, but his head was spinning as if he’d downed an eight-pack.
“We’d better get to the car,” someone said. “Going to be one hell of a traffic jam getting out of here.”
Another man rose and led his family away – others started to leave as well. Frank uttered a silent curse at each one of them.
We’ll show you! 
But he was losing confidence. The brazen look on Daniels’ face had scared him badly. Tears starting to well up; he donned sunglasses to hide them. 
The match began with a shriek of the referee’s whistle.
Good luck, son!
This was the boring, long distance round – the part that seldom yielded any results and which had dragged on so interminably in the previous match. The clock started running. Bob had fifteen seconds to make his first move between home position and one of three obstacles.
He chose the one to his left and was almost there when Daniel’s shot caught him. The bullet struck the Hatchel’s stock with a resounding Crack! which sent Bobber sprawling behind the protection of the concrete barrier. 
A hammer blow hit Frank’s chest; he struggled to breathe. A collective gasp shot through the crowd. Then a mighty ovation thundered. The parking lot exodus reversed itself. 
Kough signals he’s fit to go on, the loudspeaker announced.
Another roar from the crowd, like a savage beast awakening from slumber.
“Get him Daniels!” someone shouted.
“Raise the white flag!” another fan yelled.
The mob divided into two unequal factions. Most roared for blood, while others urged the officials to stop the mismatch. The majority soon prevailed:
Get him Daniels! Shoot em up! Shoot em up!
Frank Kough felt the world slipping away from him. He tumbled forward and would have fallen out of his seat had the barrier not stopped him. His face squashed against the Plexiglas.
Please, son ... please, God!
It was Bobber’s turn now. A hush came over the crowd; Frank Kough forced himself to open his eyes and watch.
Daniels made a feinting move toward one obstacle before hurtling back to a different one. He was a big man, a big target . . .
Bob, the damaged rifle stock pressed firmly to his shoulder, wasn’t fooled. He never varied his aim from the correct spot. 
Bam!
His bullet passed cleanly through both of his opponent’s temples. Daniels flew wildly in the air, then crashed down. Silence greeted this incredible turnabout. Seconds passed before cheers and thundering applause erupted. 
Frank was crying freely and unable to participate.
Epilog: Fruits of victory
Robert Kough and his father sat in the Texas-style steak house eating dinner. The older man grinned broadly, taking pleasure at the number of people looking their way. Bob remained impervious.
“Is Mom coming back?” he asked.
“I don’t know.” 
“Maybe I’ll go look for her.” 
His father adjusted the napkin spread across his new designer jeans. “She’s not at your grandparents’ house, and she quit her job at the grocery. I don’t think she wants to see us anymore, son.”
Bob nodded gravely and returned to his steak, bloody and rare. The rifle had truly become part of him now, and he was part of it. He glanced across the table toward the man who had made him what he was, and his trigger finger itched.

END of the stories



Thanks for reading! You must have liked the stories if you got this far, so why not write a review? Just a few words, either at the online bookstore where you obtained this book or in any other medium you wish. May numerous blessings come your way. 
Connect with the Author
Please visit my website and blog at:  “The B2”
Also, my Smashwords author page 
Brian’s Other Books
Here are brief descriptions of my other adult books. They are available at all major online retailers in e-book format. To find the relevant links, please visit my website at  “The B2”

Return to Mech City
Book one of the Robot Horizon series
The end of the world as you’ve never seen it before. Life goes on in Mech City, but it is no longer human. 
As mankind succumbs to its follies and exits the stage, scholar model robot, Winston Horvath, makes a perilous journey to Mech City where he was manufactured. He meets Star Power, the world’s only functional female robot.
Things unravel when a Roboto Fascist dictatorship seizes power. Its leader has designs on Star. Winston flees with her to gather forces for a counter-coup and, perhaps, get himself upgraded so as to bring Star true satisfaction.
Science Fiction / Humor / Dystopian

Expedition Westward
Book two of the Robot Horizon series
What is the cost of rediscovering true love in a shattered world? Whatever it might be, Star is willing to pay, or not survive the outcome. A trek along dangerous roads provides the answer. The dystopian adventure continues.
Science Fiction / Humor / Dystopian

Battle for Mech City
Book three of the Robot Horizon series
Winston Horvath regains control of Mech City, but his success is soon threatened. Violent religious fanatics are approaching with a robotic army. A disgruntled Dr. Che is also coming to kidnap Star.  Meanwhile, Star’s  out of control sexuality is causing difficulties with various robotic and human partners. The fun continues!
Science Fiction / Humor / Dystopian

Great Republic on Rye
When dissolute card sharp and ladies man, Eugene Walton, unexpectedly inherits a plantation, his life assumes new purpose. After freeing the slaves and narrowly escaping a lynch mob, Eugene moves into the wider world bearing a message of liberation. 
Accompanied by dedicated friends and a shadowy former bondsman, he plans to found a “Great Republic” based upon the highest ideals. But things are not so simple in an unready world. Let no good deed go unpunished!
Adventure / Social-Political Satire / Dark Humor

Raptor Aces
The terrifying Zone of Destruction – ZOD, the absence of God. It has taken over the Raptor Aces, an elite Youth League air squadron.
Its leader, Dytran, is the cream of his totalitarian country. His world unravels when a poor decision goes horribly wrong, resulting in death and destruction. He grabs at a chance to volunteer for support aviation duty in the war. At the front, he and his comrades are swept up in violence and revenge until escape seems beyond reach. 
New Adult / Action-Adventure / War

4th Musketelle
Trophy wife Laila Armstrong chafes under the domination of husband Frank. When she learns her adult “step children” are plotting to cut her out of their dad’s lucrative business affairs, she must act fast to avoid being thrown back into the poverty she escaped years earlier. Murder seems to be a reasonable solution – much better than a messy divorce. 
Laila plots to use Frank’s infamous temper against him and make his death seem like an “accident.” Things don’t work out as planned, though, and it’s not certain who will survive the final cut. 
Dark Humor / Romantic Homicide

DAS ROAD
A road novel with fascinating turns through exotic Asia, workaday America, and Iran caught up in revolution. Travel realms where anything is possible, wonderful, or horrible. And always on the road ahead, the mythical figure of Jon Glass who haunts the entire journey. A story imbued with meaning just below the level of articulating. A siren call to your wanderlust.
Travel / Mystery

Career Moves for Burnt Out Personifications
Santa, the Grim Reaper, and others scramble to find new careers and identities. Outrageous political and social satire. “A smorgasbord of paranoid ramblings ideally suited to today’s sensibilities.”
Humor / Political Satire

